A NIGHT OF ADVENTURE. Ir was a tot, woary morning at the far end the London season. There were not v many carriages left in the Park of the strei wet ZpsConington, one of the greatest beanl Tn society, was driving along dusty Oxf street. And she was crying, quietly, bene the parasol which she held well over her ey Presently, the carriage turned up one I substantial side streets, and stopped in fri of a very neat and prosperous-looking bon The door was painted a dark green, and it was a brass plate, bearing this inscriptio 'Mr. Edgar's Home for Trained Nurses.' M Conington quickly left ber carriage, rang t bell at the door, and was immediately adm ted. Bbe was shown into the 'office' whi she found Mr. Edgar and his Lady Soper tendent, both apparently very busy at lor T.riting tables. ' I want a norse, Mr, Edgar,' asid Zoe Co ington, rather helplessly. She knew her ey were red, and she did not like the feeling. ' Certainly,' said Mr. Edgar ; ' what sort oaset" ' It'is for my sister, said. Zoe. ? I real don't understand what's the matter. Thi say she has what they call anaemia, and tl doctor who attends her fears she witt not Iii long. I believe he ii an'Old fogey, «nd do not understand the case.' ' Then you want a none of experience V lal Mr. Edgar. 'Exactly.' raid Zoe eagerly j 'and I «hon] be glad if I could get one .that is ladylike i well-not hospital nora*. Yon m my sister ÍB quite alone, without «ny lad friend ; and I oan't go to her because.her hu band doesn't like me.' 'Nurse Harcourt/ «aid Mr. Edgar, to tl Lady Superintendent, who nodded and ran a bell. ' She is exactly what yon »ant,' Jo he added, turning to Zo».. 'She .ls an' ei perienced and derer nurse, and nhs is a lad) We don't have mady , like har. Bb*) belong to a good family. I feel sure you will like hei Come in, Miss Harcourt,' aa the none tho named entered. i '. I, ' What .ia the case, sir 1' said nuns Hoi court. ' It is said to be anamuV > ' I can undertake that, I think, sir.' ' Of course you can,' pnt in the Lady Snpei Intendent. Zoe had quiokly taken in the girl'« appear ance. She was slender, active, with an intelli gent and interesting face. . Her features wer not good, yet their was a oharm of colour abos her. She had large «nd very dark eyes, om strong dsrk eyebrows j while ber thick hair cut quite short, was all bright with warm gob and red. This certainly was not Zoe's idea o . oommoofbpnpitol nuns.' (!nJM*n!*toow wbether l ought to say ao, ch« said to the nurse, ' bat I don't tiri ok thi doctor understands the cale. Have you ofter nursed anearais 1', " '-' Yes jiu the hospital,'said nurse Harcourt 'and I have had oases sinos in wfaioh it wai Sresent. I don't think I ahonld be easilj eceived in it.' . 'Then, yon must have my address,' «aid Zoe ; 'and write or telegraph to me direct, ai you think fit. If there ls any mistake being madointhe treatment, I will send down ia physician at onoe. Will yon undertake this ] ' Yes,' said nurse Harcourt, with . quick, bright smile ; ' I think I oan undertake that. Shall I get ready, sir I' ? ' What station 1 asked Mr, Edgar, armed with an ' A, B, C,' and a magnificent glass. 'Lostayvil,' said Zoe, 'somewhere neu Penzance ; a wretched ? little river fishing place. People ought not to go so for from everybody. Is there any eh ance of her get- ting there to-night V 'Lostayvil-oh, yes ; the oan get there at ten o'olock. The starts in half an hour. 8he must have some sandwiches made np to take with her,' he said to the Lady Superintendent, who rose and hurried away, pen in bind, to give orders. Mrs. Conington drove to . telegraph office, and sent a 'wire' to her brother-in-law ! From Zoe donington, Hyde Park Gate, to Edward Mertona, the Old Halli, Lostayvil-Your account of Agatha hos alarmed me exceed- ingly. I om Bonding hera nurse, os I think it may be a comfort. She will arrive at the Lostayvil'Station about ten o'olock. If you cannot send for her, she will find some con veyonoe.' Nurse Haroourt, dressed all in gray, and with a gray veil over her bright hair and clever face, caught the express, and took her seat without any foss or excitement, although she had only atoslf an bour to get ready and reach the station in. When she arrived at Lostayvil it was »«lear, sweet night j the station seemed to stand alone on a fragrant and indistinct desert, with no sign of bcrises near. ' «Ti'there anything come to'fetch me from tho Old Hall V asked she, in her clear, deter- mined young voice. 'Nothing at all, miss,' said the solitary Sorter ; and ; then, after a second's pause, urang Urbich he shouldered her box, ' so I suppose ye'U go to the hotel.' 11 ''No, indeed,'- said Ada, who immediately suspected him of being in the pay of that same hotel. ' I must go to the Ola Hall to- night. I suppose I oan get something to drive in 7' \- '"There's post-horses at the hotel.' said the porteridubiously. ' Take mo there, then,' said Ada. It seemed to ber that she walked about a mile and a half over a lonely road. At list they arrived at an inn entrance round whioh there were some ' signs. of sleepy village life- After a storm interview with doll landlord, Ada succeeded in getting him to have out a ' po' shay* and two boree* for her. A driver was extracted from the bar where the waa drink- ing. He came out surly, and, getting on the box after Ada and her luggage had been wait- ing some time io the 'shay,'began to whip the horses. This amusement he continued to in- dulge in until they arrived at tho Old Hall, taking tho, horses at a rapid gallop, np hill and downUale. Tho Old Hall stood high, with a wide. lawn about it, dotted by olamps of fine trees. On the way Ada was charmed by glimpses of the winding silver stream and the wooded hills about it. All was very lovely ; yet something in the aspect of the Old Hall mada ber shiver as sho approached it. It was very dark ; only ono window seemed dimly lit; the front door appeared to be hermetically sealed. But Ada couragoouely rang and knocked, and while she waited for an answer filled np the time by paying ber surly driver the fabulous sum he demanded of her. At last the door moved ; it opened slowly, and on the steps stood a tall man, ? ' Aro you the nurse V ' Yes. answered Ada. * I didn't suppose you could get here to- night. Well, come in.' The coachman whipped np his horses in the familiar style and rattled away. A servant who looked like a groom oame out and lifted Ada's box into the hall. A lamp stood on a tablo there, and by its light Ada tried to dis- cover what sort of a house she was in. She was standing in a big old.fashioned hall or house-place. Opposite her, bis hand deeply buried in his pockets, stood the man who waa evidently master. ? I told tbc maid to get a room ready for yon he said. ' The man will light yon up there, and you cm soe my wit* In the morning, eiiall he bring yon UBI np;II f ' If yon please,' said Ada. ' First, I'll take off my hat, and if yon will allow I'll go to my patient at once.' 'Nonsense,' esid Mr. Mertonn ; 'yon must sleep after a journey.' ' But it ia my duty to see her first, if you please, sir.' . Ada followed tho man-servant upstairs to a little bed-room where he loft her, saying he he would bring her some supper. She washed her hands and combed out her bright hair. When she cane back she said : ' Shall I find Mr. Mertonn down stairs.' He's gone to his own room,' said the groom, ' and be says missus is asleep, and not to be i disturbed.' ' Which is her room )' asked Ada. ' I must know, became I have come down to nurse her,' ' III show yon the door, ' said the man. He led her a little way along a corridor, and up a short staircase. 'The door on the left,' he said, and immediately hurried off, carrying his light with him. 'This is a queer honte,' thought Aaa However, ehe found her way baok to her ow: room by the glimmer of light from ita door way. Then, takipg her candle, «he. wen itraight to the door of the room the man ha< shown hor. She knocked gently ; there wai no anawer. So ehe quietly turned the handli and looked in. A solitary candle lit a largi room ; ehe could bnt dimly perceive that 01 the bed lay a woman who, teeing her, startet np as if in terror, and then fell helplessly bael again. Evidently this waa the tiok room Ada thnt the door, put down the candle, anc approached the bed, , , , ., , 'Don't be frightened,' she said; 'I am i nurse your sister has tent down to take can ot yon.' ".. 1 'I thought yon were a spirit,' said Agathi Mertoun; ' I have bad strange visions to-day. Then she relapsed into a silence, and seemed to forget Ada's presence. After awhile sht spoke again. ''lom dying,'she said. Ada went close to hor and looked into bei eyes. They were very strange. 8nddeniy the unhappy woman was seized with a violent sickness. Ada, with her qnick wits, noticed some things which made her wonder. Whee her patient, weary and exhausted, lay back again on her pillow she began to make a tout ot the room. There were a great many bottles in different placet. She took out all tho corks sod smelt at the contents'. Suddenly; ' while thus engaged, she happened to look toward the bed, and met Agatha's eyes fixed on her with a gaze full of some extraordinary meaning or intelligence. It almost frightened even the bravé Ada. She pnt down the bottlo quioklyfand went to the bedside. But Agatha had .closed her eyes, as to weak to keep them open, woking earnestly at her, Nurse Har- court realised how wonderfully lovely she was in spite of the deadly pallor which lay on ber face. Suddenly the sickness came again ; and then a violent spasm. ' This is a queer sort of anomia,' said Ada to herself; and, after a long look at her yatient, began to smell st the physio bottles, nst then she heard a faint sound at the door. Hastily approaching it and opening it, she Mr. Mertoun disappearing through the oppo- site door. 'He wanted to watch me,' she thought. 'Now what can this mean t* She looked the door inside and continued her in- vestigations. Suddenly she came upon a Suddenly she came upon a bottle inside a cup- board, nearly empty, the smell from which almost made her cry ont. But she remem- bered her patient aha refrained; She merely pnt the bottle into her pocket, and then, with- out hunting about anymore, went baok to watch poor Agatha. The colour of her face grew steadily worse, and her weakness was rapidly increasing, .' What on earth am I to do f exolaimed Nnrae Harcourt at last, ' in this out- of-the way place T 1 can't see her die before my eyes. H l eonid only gel the doctor.' ' dhenad spoken ont lond, thinking Agatha' quite unconscious. But she wu not. 8ho opened her eyes and appeared to express something by their earnest gaze. It seemed u if tho understood Ada's words. «It's the only thing to be done, I believe,' said Ada to herself; 'and I'll de ir,' She took ont her watch and looked at it-half-past three. Going to the window, she drew the curtain a little aside. ' There was a faint gray haze all ever the world; but the light would be enough to find one's way by, and every moment brought the dawn nearer. ' If I did but know the way,' she 'thought. ' Well, I must wake up some one and ask it.' Having made np ber mind, she no longer hesitated. She took a final survey of her patient and then left the room. She looked the 'door on the outside, and took the key with her. Quiokly entering her own room, she caught up her gray cloak and travelling hat, and pnt them on as she horried down stairs. ' If I only knew where the servants sleep,' she thought ; * but I am so afraid of rousing Mr. Mertoun, 'I'll wake np some cottage peo- ple.' With considerable difficulty she opened the front door, and drew it close behind her with- out absolutely shutting it. To her delight she fonnd it would stay so without moving ; this would enable her to enter the house quietly. As quickly as swift feet would carry her, ehe hurried ont of the grounds. i Shs saw no cottages ; so she went on along the widest road, hoping to reach some habi- tation in time, ' To her delight the saw at last a hedger and ditcher trudging away to hit work. She ran after him, and, almost breath* less with her quick movement and excitement, caught him by tho arm while the ask him her question, 'Thedoctor?' he replied. 'Right on till the orosi roads, then to the right ; not mor'n a mile.' Not more than a mile I Nurse Harcourt started off on her way gleefully. That soon will be soporaplishod, the thought. Had shs bnt known how strange is the Cornish miud on the subject ot distances she might have stayed to ask further information. But, in- stead, she hurried away, leaving the working man to stare after ber in completo and be- wildered amazement. The cross roads were reached bofore long, and thon she turned to the right and hurried quickly along the lonely road. At Ult Ada began to reflect on tho (act that the must have walked a good deal more than a mile since her meeting with the hedger and ditcher. In (act, ehe waa beginning to feel a little puzzled and hopeless, for there was no sign of houses. Still she hurried on, hoping to meet Borne ono else who would dircot her. Suddenly on her ear fell the sound of laughter -high, clear, hearty laughter. Odd, Bt this time io the morning ; but, nevertheless, the sound encouraged her. ll came again and again, and guided her footsteps out cf tho high road into a wonderfully quiet lauo. Tho laughter still went on ahead, like a mocking spirit, as a will-o'-the-wisp. But suddenly Ada found herself closo to a little cottage, every window of which was brilliantly illu- minated from within. Tbe lower windows reached to thc ground and stood open, exhibit ing all the signs of a late revel. Empty de- canters and bottles, innumerable glassos, some packs of cards on the floor-theso caught Ada's quick eyes'and made her wonder ; while leaning on tho gate of thc cottage was an ex- tremely handsome young man dressed in white flannels. He looked nt Ada with thc steady gase ol astonishment. He was immensely surprised at the aight of a young lady in gray, willi an extremely charming faco, taking a walk at four o'clock on a misty morning, Without a second's hesitation ibo approached J Um! 1 'Can you tell me where I can find the doctor's house ?' ehe said ; ' a man I met told ms to come this way.' Her earnest tone seemed to rouse him and make him understand that she was out on business. ' Dr. Prero is the nearest roBidcnt doctor,' he said, ' and ho lives about eilt milos off, over there,' pointing the way Ada had come. ' But if there is anything I can do, 1ft me help you. I am a doctor.' ? . . . . . ... ? 1 You !' said Ada, her gaze wandering from his auti-baraed face which bad on it the un tniatake up-all-night expression, to his white flannel-clad figure, and (hen to- the. cottage beyond, Which looked so absurd, M thé grow- ing daylight, with a quantity of dying candles burning on the tables. - 'It's all right,'he said, seeming to under- stand her/jierplexicy. (.Tm Alan ßrowney of Wimpole-stroel, I'm down here for the boat- ing, and I'vo been having a bachelor's party. Didn't you hear that fellow laughing as he went off just now ? I had to get four of the others to take him awav.' '.I know your taime,' 'said Ad«'earnestly. 'Came with me. I am a nurse from Mr. Edgar's Home. 'I am in charge of Mrs. Mertoun np at the Hillend ,ehe is dying. If yon don't come at onoe it may be too late.' 'What's the matter with her?' said Dr. Browne I've got a pocket medioine oase here Ashall Ibrmg 'I i .»I: I ' Nurse Harcourt leaned on the gate, and said something in a scarcely audible voice, then she took ont the bottle from ber pocket, and held it up for his inspection. ' Impossible !' he exclaimed. ' Come and save her,' said Ada solemnly. Dr. Browne turned, hurried into the oottago and in little more than a minute reappeared with a small case in his hand. Seeing him ready to follow her, Ada immediately started off as quickly aa possible on her return road. Alan Browne hurried after her, leaving tho little cottage, with all its windows open and its candles ourning to show its disorder to any passer-by who might ohanoe to wander that way. ' You are a good walker,' said Dr, Browne, when he had got up with her. 'I believe I am,' said Ada, and went quickly on without any further romark. These two, going swiftly through the pale, ghostlike morning mist, would nave looked strange to any one who could have seen them. Both were very pale ; Dr. Browne had got rather bored by his batohelor party, which had lasted to late for his taste ; and then he had boen startled by Ada and what she had said. Nurse Haroourt was white with excite- ment and fatigue, although sho did not know it, nor know that she was weary. She was intent upon returning to hor charge ; she was foll of anxiety as to what might have hap- pened in her absence. 'You know,' said Dr. Browne presently, this thing can't be possible. She IB a noted beauty ; the men that stay in Lostayvil go to church to look, at her. Who could dp auch a thing 1' f .r t 'I can't say, sir,' said Ada ; ' but I do hot think I am mistaken.' , . ., . , Dr. Browne was so bewildered by the un- wonted manner of h er. introduction to him that he forgot this vision of tho morning was a nurse ; but Ada rs membered her (position, and addressed bim with the manner she used in sick rooms-quiet,. but haying in it an odd mixture of defiance and deforence. Very little more passed between them ; they walked so quiokly thaVit was not easy to talk Dr. Browne covertly observed his companion very earnestly. .. i . ' . '. As they reached the gates of the hall the stable clock struck five, and th»'gray milt was beginning to lift á little ind glide «Way like tho ghost of. the down.,. It had .been,.a strange walk,,though neither thought of jt at tho time; but it had the effep{t, of., snaking them feel as if they bad, known «aoh)iOther for years. The house was not awake yet ; all was justas Ada had, left it. .She gently, .pushed open tho front door ahd lsd the way'into the dark interior. Up the dark staircase the two crept like'thieves. ~Tbh blinds were all dosed,' and only a faint glimmer of light came through the i chinks i here and ? there. ? As the Igray ; figure and tba--white figuré canne noiselessly up the staircase, suddenly something started from tho dboV of Mrs. Mcrtonn's bedroom, and with a horrible cry rushed aoross the landing. It was thc'cry'of a mist awful fear. It made Ada feel sick, and i she longed to sit down on the stairs, for her legs gavo way beneath her. But she would''not. Sho re- membered her patient, and getting out tho kéy óf ;thélrbomj:ojpened't)ie.doo'r'ladd let Dr.* Browne in : then she olosek it behind them, and looked it.: , Agatha Mertoun lay rigid, liko a lovely statue on the bed. Her eyes were Btaring and fixed and on her lips was a foam." Nurse Haroourt looked at her with a sinking hesrt-^was it'to late Î But she quickly threw aside her cloak -and prepared to wait upon Dr. Browne, who soon became absorbed in his , task. He med. strong measures .and watched their, ¡efleot' wjth anxiety. Nurse Harcourt saw, with a curious sort of satis- faction, that he wwttbtmg arion the same idea with regard to the case which she had offered him. He did not rejeot it as impossible now. For two hours this fixed attention continued ; neither left the bedside. , At last' Dr. Browne' went' to the window, and beckoned Ada to him. ?The servants will be'np'now,' he said; 'ask them to got you some coffee. You look perfectly worn out.' ' I bel ¡evo I am rather tired,' she said ; ' but I wa» right, wasn't 11' 'Quite right,' he said; 'and you have saved her lite by your pluck.' Thus comforted, Ada went away in search ol the servants. On tho landing outside tho door she lound tho man servant whom she had seen the time before, Ho was standing still, with a face full of perplexity. 'Nurse,' he said, 'I believe master's gone out of his mind. Ho has been queer for some time past, but not like this.' ' What is it ?' asked Ada. ' He is sitting on his bcd laughing ; and cvory now and then he stops, and shrieks out suddenly that the house is full of gray and whito ghosts. I don't like it-it s awful.' ' Then Ada rememborcd that cry of fear ' He mUBt have seen mo bring in Dr: Browne early this morning,' she said ; 'he is in his boating flannels, Mrs. Mertoun Was much worse in the night and I went for a doctor. Dr. Brow'no baa better see your master.' Thc man looked a good deal bewildered, but recovered himself sufficiently to agree, and Dr. Browne hoard his talo. While the servant was going, ho turned to Ada And began-* You know the house better than I do-porhapa you can toll me-' ' Better than you do !' exclaimed Ada ; 'not much, I only got bore last night at cloven.' ' Why, what a night of adventure yon have had I No wonder you looked worn ont. Well can you tell mo who to send to, because thcro is ovidently eomothing very wrong hero V ' Yes, I can tell you that,' ehe answered. ' I have tho address of Mrs. Mertoun's sister, who sent roe down, and to whom I am to telegraph if neoesssry.' 1 That is all right, said Or. Browne ; ' have you ordered my breakfast f ' Not yet,' she answored. ' I will send tho man to sec that it is got mady for you, and brou cht to your room. Now, go straight to bed, I 1 Thank you, sir,' said Ads, 1 but bow can II leave Mn, Mertoun f 'I am not going away just yet ; you kntffi I did nat travel from town yesterday. 1 will havel ti«r: «tendea tbVanu'you shall bi called in four boura.' * Thank yon, sir,' said Ada again ; and went away down the now sunlit stairoase, on which her room opened. 'Thank you, sir, ropeatod Dr. Browne tc himself. 'What an "extraordinary little woman it is I And what eyes I By Jove it has been a night of adventure' Ada got into bed, drank some warm aoffoe and then fell suddenly into a deep dreamless elesp-v It, was, the jeposespf «mplete weari- ness./ Four hours latefij$e maid knocked^ her door. Ada started up broad awake in an instant, and as fresh as a flower. In a ve*ry short time she was dressed and at the door of her patient's room. The maid waa in charge ; Dr. Browne had left her with in- structions what to do,-and Mrs. Mertoun seemed to be a little better. Agatha was lying on a heap of pillows, looking very white, and wild and strange. But she was evidently in less suffering. 'My. dear little flursa,', .she, .whispered whet Ada bent over'her,'*I know you have saved my life. They will not tell me where my husband is, but you will Is he mad 1' 'I don't know : anything,' »aid Ada, 'I have been asleep all this time.' ' He must bs,' she went on. ' I am sure be was not ia,his right mind or he would never bavé attempted '-What Tie did-you believe we, ' don't you? He loved me when he was himself ; but sometimes hs had awful fits of jealously, when il.have thought' before now that he would try to kill nie. It was in one of these fits that he brought me here ; and it has been growing on him. Wben we were married I was always thought a besuty ; and he was always fancying I should get tired of him. Oh, nurse I am sore he was not in his right mind. You will tell the doctor so, won't you Î' * Ye», ycB, I will,' said Ada,' and indeed I thick so ; I should have said so in any case And the, servants^ told .me, Jthis (mpraiug that he wai not in tis right mm3. ' Ah, thin I will be all right,' said Agatha, with a sigh of relief, Ada understood then that'.tUs . beautiful: woman -t still loved' th»! husband Who toad attempted tietnlife, and that . her great dread was lest he should be held accuntable for bis attempted crime. Let»;that^night foe Çonugton arrivedywjth her' husband ; they brought with 'them a : ' mental ' attendant who immediately took possession of Edward Mertoun. The dreadful thing which-Asia bid (dissevered and pro . vented was kept a seorot among the few who I knew it. I _ Every day, after Zoe arrived, Agatha in-1 sistod that her dear little nurse, as she always called Ada, should go out for a walk. Tho country around the Old Hall was exceedingly beautiful ; to wonder about in it was the keenest pleasure possible to the country born girl. Zoe did all she could to make her happy ; but she found that nothing pleased her so much as itae^fresh «ir and the wild j flowers. Bat Zoe one day carried a great pieos of gossip to her sister's sick room. I . My,, 4ear,' she, said,,. ,'L know now,,why Nurse ' Ado. 'Is sn'fond of''tho' Held.J'Br. . Browns meets her. They will be telling ns ] they are engaged soon.' .And. they did so. Ono day they came in'1 together with tho conscious look of guilt. Dr. ' Browne Bays when he 'asked Ada a question; which girls reply to generally in either a sentimental or a scornful manner, Ada merely I said ! ?!..! ' '''"'J i . ' . I ' Thank yon, air.' -The Whitehall Review, j 