WESLEYAN. O CFRCOI, MOUNT ERICA. Anniversary services in connection with the above chtrch was held last Sunday. when sermons were preached, in the morn ilg by the Rev. E. S. Biclford, of St. Kilda. and in the evening by the- Rev. E. I. Wat kin, president of Wesley College. On Tuesday evening the annual tea meeting was held in the schoolroom, at which, there Was a large attendance.' There was no lack of the usual good things provided on such occasions, and all appeared to enjoy themselves thoroughly. The following ladies presided at.. the tea-tables:-Mes. domes Carey,i Rayson, W?illiams, Denton, Scott, Simpson, and. Jones. After tea a public meeting wis held'in the church. :'Prayer having been ,offered by' Mr 1alkingham, the-Rev. Jesse Carey (pastor df the church) introduced the Hon.'James Munro, who had kindly consented to pre side, remarking " that Mr, Muuro was generally known throughput the colony in gonnection with the temperance cause, and other works of Christian philanthrophy. i Mr Ed. Cognell, secretpry and treasurer, then read the 13th annual report for the yegarieiding 31st March last, which was as ollohr =' - I "Christian friends, in presenting their annual report your trustees desire in phd first place to ack rfowledgo the gocdness of GOd which has been oe tended to us as a, church during anotheryear. The year hobccn atiended with1 a fair measure of pros perity. Our congregations have not bcen as large as we could wish, lneverthless our seat rents hlave incroased £25 on the preceding year. Thoe Sabbath school, which we believe to be under efficient management, is 'steadily inre asing in the number f secholars, and promises to e' a still greater source hf increase to thb church in the future than in the east. Good serkice has also been rendered by an eflfcient choir during the year in the, service of ý raisc in the saLctuary, and ahe trustees feel that hearty thanks are due to thbse ladies and gentlemen who have so steadily assitel khe organist in carry ng out this park of the service. Much praise is hlso due to those ladies of' the congregation who kispoied of the residue gifts lefts from the bazaar, ihus enabling the trustees to make up the amount kequired to claim eir Davies' promise of £26, which lhad been honored. In conhclsion, the trustees, in this, their annual appeal to the friends and congre gation, trust they will render them all the pecuniary assistance they can to carry' on the work of God in this sanctuary during the yodr. The sum of £100 has been paid off the debt hi 12 months, besides the 'working expenses, leaving the present church debt £1300, as against £1400 last year. Respectfully requesting a continuance of your support to God's cause, we now call your attention to the balanco thoet." The balance-sheet showed that the re ceipts amounted to £258 17s 2d, and the expenditure to £248 6s, leaving a credit balance of £1.0 ils 2d Mr Conne(l then oalde a' few remarks, thanking the, friends of ;he church for their liberal contributions during the year to the Trust uiund. ] He said he had been trea surer for the last 16 years, and during that time had had much anxiety, but now he was free from all such trouble, the sum of £100 having been wiped off the debt. He trusted the friends wquld that night afford such assistance as would enable him to ful fil his engagements in an equallysatisfactory manner during the nuet 12 months. - The Chairman said Ithey must all feel pleased to ihar the\ gratifying statement that had been read. ilt was astonishing tc him that so large ,an amount of gooe work had .been done, with so small at amount of money. le was somewhat sur prised that he-a Presbyterian-should have been iasked to preside, since the Presbyterians bad beoq called a persecating denominatiqn, and he esw from a paragraph in the press that some ministers declined to come to Victoria owingg to the severe doctri nal examinigtions they would be subject to. However be thought that if people did not believe in the doctrines of their church they should go isomewhere else. (Applause.) He had to a very large extent been attached to the Wesleyans in Victoria, and he had always found that they were connected with all nmvementsl which had for. their object the 'best interests of the colony. He particularly alluded tIo the Sunday Obser vance and Temperance questions. In con clusion he said he trusted that Mr Connell's (the secrethiry's) wish iwould be carried out, and that the Mount Erica Church would 'be assisted during the next 12 months as it had been during the!last year. The Rev6 E. 8. Bipkford said he rejoiced with his friends at1 4Kount Erica at the prosperityl that had attended the church during the, past yeat. He pointed out that for the progress of : the church it was necessary that the, congregation should give zealous assistance, and not leave tool much to the minister and office-bearers. All the rank and file cmust do Itheir duty if the cause of God was to prosper. Above all, they should individually strive to bring souls to Jesus; and 'to be sqccessful they must themselves know the pvay. There was some idanger in these days of drums and banners lest Ithey should put zeal in the place of piety. He gave all credit to the' Salvation Army, but he believed they were successful, not. on account of their flags and drums, but in opite of them. For the pprposes o$' conversion they should use the quiet, holy influence blessed from above, and they sllould use it without ostentation. It they would be successful they should take .every opportunity of speaking to the unponverted of our Saviour with quietness and earnestness. Hie trusted that this wiould be a good year for the Moui.it Eria eh circh, bol;h with respect to things spirituat and things temporal. The Rev. E. 4. Watkin said he con sidered that no mistake hadi been made in asking MIr Munro to preside, for at the presutj uncturethoi \iesleyansand Presby terians should worlk together shoulder to shoulder, The question to be brought before Parliament (with reference to the Scots Church) was one which would affect the trustees of all religious dpnomiuations.. He held! with the chairman that if any man differed from the principles, of the church to which he belvnged he should leave that church; and whgt he admired in the Presbyterians wash that they had a creed They wanted Mr Munro to, be present that night because he was associated with those movements which had done such good work to all humanity. ,Isome people believed that there would he one Christian church to include all those who Ibelieved in our Lord Jesus Christ, but he did not thick this would over be, as all men did not look at matters from the same standpoint. They were also glad to have Mr Munro present becausb ho had takes an o,ctive part ia the 'emporance cause, which'he was glad to say was progressing. 'Twenty-five years ago total abstainers were-looked upon with ridicule. They were said to have " water on the brain," but pow some of our most eminent men were teetotallers. fie ra membered Mount Erica 25 years ago, wh?n it consisted of a sandy waste covered with heath. No one would then have thought that by'the present time there would be such a change-that the neighbourhoqd and the colony would have so much imp. proved. This improvement was typical of that which had taken place throughout the world, religiously as well as in a physical point of view. Some philosophers said h(bat the world was no better than it had been- that where it was better in one place it was worse in another, both politi cal:yandreligiously. Theyasked where were the seven churches of Asia, and they pointed out where the Crescent had taken the place of the Cross-that at Jerusalem the Moslem still cried," There isone'God, and Mahomet is His prophet"; but he (Mr Watkin) maintained that the world was better .than it had been, and that his children would live in a still better world. Eventhe great wars that had taken place had led to the advance of Christianity. It had been said that in spite of the Russian war Russia was now, just where she was before it broke out But the Bible was now being sold in the bazaars of Constantinople. Then again as to the war between France and Germany. The Pope was kept on the throne by French bayonets, but when the war Ibroke out France needed all her men, and when the French went out Victor Emanuel walked ipto Rome, where there were now a large number. of Protestant churches, and the Bible was printed under the. very walls of 'the Vatican. The civil war in America again had resulted in. the wiping out-with blood it was true-the plague-spqt of slavery. He did not take a despondent view of Christianity. It was said that scepticism still.existed. But there had beeh sceptics before, and yet Christianity spread; and the Cross was looked upon as au emblem of their brightest honour. They could all do something to help forth thea time when Christ shall be the conquerer of all nations, and if they continued to work, give, and pray, the church would be a church of the Holy Ghost. A collection was then made and a hand some sum realised, both in donations and promises to contribute towards the church funds. The Rev. J. Carey said he had no desire to speak.of the past year, gratifying as it had been as regarded the church. He pre ferred to look to the future, and he trusted this would be a successful year, and that a goodly proportion of the church debt would be paid off. Mr Heath proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies who had presided Jat the tea tables, the preachers, speakersi and choir. In reply to Mr Watkin's remuark about Mount Erica; he assured him there were a number of young Heaths stilll flourishing. He alluded to the excellent sermoni preach on Sunday, and said the ministers of the churches were entitled to thanks for the assistance afforded to the Bible in State Schools Association. Inlthis respect more assistance was required, :and he urged those present to do what they could in this direction. As to the choir, their per formances showed they had studied to good purpose under Mr W. D. IEvans (con ductor and organist.) As to the ladies, they would get on very badly indeed with out them. Mr Hiles seconded the motion, which was carried with acclanyation. Mr Nuttall moved a vote of thanks.to the chairman, which was seconded by Mr J. Williams. The Doxology was then sung, and the Benediction pronounced, after which the meeting separated. During the evening several anthems were sung by.the choir which were much admired, the efficiency displayed reflecting much credit upon Mr W. D,: Evans, the conductor. Several solos were also ex cellently rendered. 