A CHAPTER ON BABIAtAIDS. :; f [B OUR MELBOURaNE' GOST.] a If the recommendations embodied in the report of the Victorian Shops Commission, recently presented to the Administrator of the Government, are ever clothed with the force of law, our neighbours across the Straits, or at all events those among them who have not donned the ."blue 'ribbon," k will; in regard to their connection with the "bar," take a "new departure." Major Smith; Mr. iJohn Woods, and" "Jack " 'Gardiner are virtuous, and lieckuse of the virtue of those honourable 'penibers there are to be no more calies'and ale dispensed by members of the fair sex. The signatures.of these gentlemen, 'together with those of two more of " the. people's representatives"-Messrs. 1Tale and Ander-' son-and the autograph of Mr. Munro, the staunch opponent of the publican and all his.works,.are appended tothe document which invites the Legislature at, once to prevent by ,c'l, of Parliament! -young ladii-'fascinating, or . otherwise-from ministeringto 'the ' yants of .bibulous liunainity' in the . bars, of ' hotels. 'T ilabouis of "the' Commissionersi have, 'beh~ arduous and' , exhiu?tive, andl after perusingi? the?ir reniaikis "one bcan' only wonderholiw they hav' zbhanaged to escape unscathed'from the'wiles ~of the artful syrens of. whioi .they' so .learnedly' and eloquently discourse. When it is borne in mind that their. recommendations are .mainly formed: in., accordance 'with e'i deopce,. "the result of.personal experience," the', astonishment .that.:tl.he: honourable gentlemen are in'.a sufficiently calm state of mind to formulate any report at'all.is still further increased. In the course of their, researches .they discovered that ".barmaids .are sometimes employed as decoys.'.. This retention, weare told, depends .upob their capacity for increasing.business, so that .it becomes to them a matter: of! self-interest that.they should induce the frequenters' of hotels to indulge in excessive drinking. The young ladies are, moreover, according to. the: Commissioners, surrounded. with ,temptations to which they not infrequently fall victims,.and the. language and manners of, the frequenters .of many. hotelsi are ofensive at;times, and: subversive of all sense of modesty and self respect. The fatigues which they endure, the longhours over which their duties extend, the. class of person; with whom they are brought ,in contact, and in fact their enitire surround iugs;,are aptlto'lead to;:habits.'df .intem perance, with their inevitable:;,attendant consequences. But sad as are .'these dis-. closures in regard to the barmaids,: worse rgmpinsbehind, to be:told in: relation to those they attract to the, hotels: Phe '.young men?" who lounge in-front' of the .bar,'naturally attracted by the charms of the fair Hebes, are led into habits of ex travagance' and intemperance. And, tell it not in Gath I the Commissioners,'.with1 ;a penetration that entitles them.td infinite credit; have discovered that " the' :prni .cious influence of the'system- is not con fined to.the youth of the' colony".: It' has, they say;. "been demonstrated" by sad experience, to be the cause of-infelicity in :many. households, followed often by domestic disruption, disgrace, and ruin. What a' picture is here preiented to our ,view . Elderly. gentleiien," fdorgetting the ,delights of domus'e platdens iszor,who'shduld seek a quiet haven of .refli g:in:the bosom of their families,are to be found among'the victims of :barmaid 'blandishments I This is, -a painful' picture. indeed.. But it 'is' rather hard on the bar~maid to lay 'the fault at her door, for ,were' that dangeorous sourse:of broken' ?arital'" vows abolished to-morrow,; it . is much:- to' :be' doublted ,whether the ancient' Lotharios would ;for ever," eschew sack and live cleanly." .;'That there are evils inherent to' the em ployment of females in the bar-rooiohs of hotels, may:itnall seriousness be a?diitted. That the Cdmmissioners hiave, however, in their laudable.' desire to ameliorate- the .portion' off one of' thde' hiardest .worked plasses in the community, gone too far, few persons will, we opine, be founh,' to'd 'deny: It is quitopossible to improve .the present system without" idiproving" the barmaid out of existence. Assuredly it is pleasanter to most persons to be served with .'iefiesh menit by a~tidy,; :neat-handed 'Phillis than by a barman with bare arines and immacu late shirt frontand it is 'certainly possible, without the "decoy" ,business being Sbroight into play, or the-presence of Don ,Juao on- the war path:.·There'are'hmFindieds of young :women, who' officiate in- bars i whliose lives are blameless 'and 'whose con duct is irreprbachable, the 'tesptations i to which'they-are exposed: 'notwithstakding. That in some cases barmaids are' eiiployed as ".decoys?.'is notorios e;' bit the in-' stances are few, and are the-result 'of the present faulty licensing system. Respect able publicans do notallow their barmaids to act. as '" decoys;" 'experience having taught thein that a girl whopasseshertimuo in" spooning "is about as worthless as the o yoiing man With whom slhe "spoons." ilt is almost certain that any' publican Who engages barmaids as decoys.' would," were the employment of the girls inthe bar pro hibited by act of Parliament, hit 'upbnon some other means equally; 'if not more,' ob jectionable, of attracting the' silly youth • who frequents his premises. For the sake of the. girls themselves, some legislative interference' is perhaps 1 needed. It should not, however, be carried I to the length' of entirely prohibitin~ithe t employment of young women as barmaids. It would be unwise to close any avenue to female "employment, when perhaps those i who follow it are unfitted to take any other. The position is considered superior' to that of the domestic servant 'or the fac tory hand, and for this reason the report of I the Shops' Commission alleges, "Numbers t of respectable young girls eagerly ac'ept sitiations in hotels.'? With respect to the work to be performed, it is plainly shown , by the evidence to be pechliarly hard and distressing. The hours of attendance are extremelyprotracted, it being "nouncom imeon occurrence to find the barmaids com pelled'to remain in attendance from four teen to sixteen hburs, and even to eighteen hours but of the the twenty-four." ' And this system' has moreover the effect of seriously and permanently affecting the i health of the young girls who go into this "white slavery." IMedical evidence is unanimous in regard to the injurious effects producbd, and Di. Beaniey places o rihcord his opinion that "of all the differentladisses E of overworked employes who hiave come under his notice, the barmaid is bhj'fai~'the most overworked." A paternal legislatdre, d which is'-about to devote the principal portion of its time to legislating on "social" I subjects, may very fitly engage in the I work of preventing such' cruelty. and t endcavouring to ameliorate the position of this section of the community. But it would lhieih ng too far to' adopt in their entirety the very heroic measures recoin- g mended 'by the VictorianiSltiops Commis- t sion. Even if af times thli barmaid does cnauso infatlatoed: youths to sacrifice too g freely at her shrine, and -induces too largo e a e6nsumption of' stimulants and tobacco ii on the part of the viciois grey-haired'ord v I6tharios, thie remedy of reforining her I oit- of:existence is of rather too drastic' a Ii kind. ' 