GHOSTS OR NO GHOSTS. BY J. C. '•On, I don't believe in ghosts and haunted houses at all. It is all bosh and nonsense, only dreams of a sickly and depraved imagination. "And why, pray, do you not believe?" said Alf. " Do you question it because of the impossibility or ttie improbability ? If you take it on the former score you will find some difficulty in your proof, if you admit that there is anything beyond the material— a something intangible to the outward senses ; if you advance the improbability, why you know as well as I do that you know nothing, absolutely nothing, about the matter, and never will know until it is too late for us to benefit from what you have learned." " It is useless arguing about it. It must be simply put out of doors." "Weil," my dear fellow, " if that is the way we must look at this question, what else can wc say about the thousand and one other questijns which arise from the unkitoicn. li:member, your scepticism is only of a very reccnt date, and is a part of that great plague of doubting which assails other dogmas you would lose your right hand sooner than foreswear. Few philosophers, either ancient or modern, doubt the possibility of existence apart irom the contingency of matter " " 0, hang it, man, uon't talk psychology. \Yc belong to a practical are, and I am not (Vjiug to believe every oUl woman's tale, wli;n she is terrified out oi her senses by the scur- \ c rying of a rat over the floor, or the scratching of a mouse behind the wainscot. My ovrn experience is evidence against it sufficient to my mind." " Well, if you want an experimental proof I am glad I can give it to you." " You 1 why I never thought you held converse with the invisible. Sorely to goodness you're not a medium 1" " No matter what I am, I will give you a chance of putting your scepticism to the proof—that is, you know, if you are willing, for to tell the truth, without questioning your own courage in the least, I have found you sceptics not too eager to test the truth when the opportunity is offered you. Alf and I were seated in one of the fine old houses of Northern Tasmania—one of those houses which remind us so much of the " stately homes" of the old country. The early colonists of the " Tight Little Island " were thorough Britons, and carried with them all the Englishman's ideas of comfort and stability. Cairnstock House might have been taken bodily by some genius like Aladdin's slave, and placed in the middle of Yorkshire or Surrey, and no stranger would have noticed much difference between it and its neighbors, unless that its broad verandah would look a little incongruous in a country where they think so much of the sun rays that they receive all they can of them, and intercept none that will escape a parasol or umbrella. The surroundings were picturesque in the extreme. At the bottom of a sloping lawn there flowed a broad, silent river, which had in its impetuous youth leaped over a precipice and thundered in rapids, but now glided calmly and majestically through wide meadows and undulating woodlands. Behind the house the hills rose tier after tier, until they cul minated in a peak, whose summit always received the earliest winter's snow. It was a lonely enoush position, however, as the nearest neighbor was ten miles away. Alf and his sister lived in the old house, and gracefully played host and hostess to many guests. I had met them in Paris. One Sunday morning while enjoying a contemplative cigar on the top of Napoleon's Arc De Triomph, and surveying the unrivalled urban views which can be canght from that position alone, I was attracted by a silvery laugh, which came from the rosiest lips in that city of the beautiful. Ada and her brother Alf Meadows had been like myself admiring the magnificence of the Queen city. As they were strangers I did the guide to them, and pointed out the beauties of the Taileries, the Louvre, the Invalids and the other show places. We became friends, and it was not very long until I fairly succumbed, and was the devoted slave of the beautiful Ada. Certainly I was a little taken aback when I discovered my acquaintances came from the opposite side of the world, but " love conquers all things," and space in the bargain, and before we had known each other six months I was ready not only to riBk a sixteen thousand miles journey, but even veritable transportation itself, provided I could claim her as my own in the end. I had arrived at Cairnstock House the very day (23rd December) on which the foregoing conversation had taken place, and somewhat unexpectedly, as I had completed some business in Melbourne more quickly than I had hoped. Ada had gone to see some friends, and was not expected home until the next day, and I had to be contented with the company of her brother, a dear, good friend, but scarcely a satisfactory substitute. After dinner I happened to say that the position and surroundings of the house would bring to mind one of those haunted establishments of which old country folk think they have the monopoly. I was surprised to see my brotheT-in-fnturo take the matter, as the French say, au grand scrieu.r, and actually consider the possibility of spiritual manifestations. As this was so foreign to his usual devil-me-care characteristics, I ventured on the inevitable chaff, but was still more astonished at seeing AlE's face lose all its buoyancy, and assume something very like the aspect of fear. I had not the slightest idea of what he meant by his final proposal, and asked him to explain himself. He remained for some time in deep thought and at last said : " You have a right to know all about it, and therefore as it ia a family matter I shall tell you, though when you have heard the story you will understand why we don't much care to speak about it to outsiders. He paused again and then proceeded : " My grandfather came out to Van Dieman's Land among the earliest of the colonists. He had been in the army, and therefore very easily got all the fine land which you can see for miles around us. The climate of the country suited him and his family well, and indeed it would have been a wonder if the old warrior had not contented himself in such a country after his life of toil and battle. Unfortunately he had all the sternness and harshness of the soldier, and these w ere exaggerated by the position of absolute T masterdom in which he found himself. You are aware, I suppose, that the convicts were assigned as servants throughout the colony, but you are not aware that in ninety-nine eases out of a hundred the unfortunates were the slaves, and nothing else, of their masters. Certainly they were the very outcasts and dregs of society, degraded by every sort of crime and ready for any description of villainy. There is scarcely a square mile of Tasmania which has not its tale of murder and outrage, and I remember well all over the island the gibbets on which were hung in chains the bodies of many an outlaw and bushranger. But these wretches were men at least, and they were treated as brute beast3, and we need scarcely say they gave beasts' service. You cannot conceive the horror which this lovely island witnessed —much less can you conceive the causes which in many instances occasioned if they did not account for them. " My grandfather for a long time had very little trouble with his servants. The strict discipline to which he accustomed everyone made him feared and respected by all around him, but gained him little good will amongst his dependents. Amongst his assigned servants there was one who had contrived to worm himself a little into the confidence of his master by sneaking and tale- bearing on his fellows. It is one of the misfortunes, or, rather, the penalties of slavery that it insensibly vitiates the character of the masters themselves. The old soldier who detested anything like meanness, tolerated worse than meanness in the people, whom he looked upen as inferior animals, and he thought Limping Joe a very nseful creature. Joe, on the other hand, hated the Colonel with all the venom of a depraved heart. The Colonel believed in the cat, and Joe had sworn to be revenged for every weal scored on his back, and they were not few. The villain meditated no small revenge. It would have been easy to have met the old man alone, but the chances of a struggle with him were desperate, and besides his sudden death would have been a poor satisfaction for the years of oppression at which it must be confessed my grandfather was an adept. " A fresh servant was brought from Ho'oart at the very time Limping Joe's schemes were taking shape in his head. The new-comer was a man who had been convicted of connection with some trade outrage in Sheffield. It was a strange time that, when men were driven from home and all they oved for the merest trifle, or if they showed the slightest, opposition to the ali-powerf ul oligarchy. The misfortunes of his life had naturally soured poor Ned Williams, and the unlucky wretch had come to the very wor?t place for sympathy. My grandfather would allow nothing but tne most ordinary communication between his servants and his family, and the young fellow-, innocent as he was proved to be, w,s = left to bror.d over the injustice of the world without a word of consolation or a touch of kindness. No wonder that there was nothing on his side but sullen submission, and on my grandfather's a determination to 'drive the devil out of him. 1 " By all accounts Colonel Meadows made Cairnstock a heil to poor Williams. The Colonel was a magistrate. You will see a large tn:e on the opposite side of the back o l u t i a nj D e a I l t a detached building. The building is the old Bridewell to which prisoners were consigned before being sent to Hobart, and, Heaven help us, it was rarely without a tenant. That big tree and that paltry house could tell some awful tales if we conld give them tongues. " The Colonel had two children, a girl and a boy, both of whom he loved passionately, as men such as he sometimes do ; but he especially adored the lovely little Ada, the very apple of his oye. You will know whence my sister gets her name. Matters grew worse and worse for Williams, and Limping Joe watched everything with a tiger's eye. Abont this time there were reports that a strong body of bushrangers who had kept the western parts of the island in terror had come northward, and then Joe, taking advantage of the despair and wretchedness which possessed Williams' soul, tempted him to join them. Williams seeing nothing but a life of misery or self-destruction before him consented, and one night they settled to start the next day for the mountains, and appointed a place of meeting. On that next d?_y little. Ada was found deid on the bank of the river, and her lovely body was mutilated almost beyond recognition. A bloody knife wa~ found near, and every one recognised it as having belonged to Williams. He was not to be found, and of course the crime was at once laid at his door. Certainly the attending circumstances went far to prove hii Rui'it. and at that time much less would have established it in the eves of free colonist^. No one in the hurrv find confusion seemed to notice the absence of Limping Joe. There was at that time one of the aboriginals hanging about t.he station. We have contrived to civilise them off the face of the earth, so you will not have a chance of seeing a specimen. Hia services as a tracker were immediately employed, and soon there was a strong party in pursuit. I need give you no details. It will be enough to tell you that the fugitives were overtaken, andafter a fierce struggle Williams was severely wounded and made prisoner. Joe escaped for the time, and as it was thought the murderer was hard and fast no very active pursuit was made after his companion. " The captive was brought here and thrown into that Bridewell. The unfortunate wretch, covered with wounds and with a leg broken, was a miserable sight. When he was accused of the crime he denied it in the strongest manner, but his judges were prejudiced, and he was alone. Their passions were excited, and some one more brutal than the rest proposed to roast the prisoner or make him confess. I can scarcely bear to tell you the end. Good God ! how unlimited power brutalizes ns. The wounded man was dragged before a 1 large fire beneath that tree, and hung up by the arms from one of the boughs, exposed to the double torture of the fire and of his injuriea. I cannot imagine that the executioners really meant more than to extort a confession, bat whether they meant more or not the miserable man was not cut down until his senses had forsaken his wretched body. As they dragged him back to the lock-up he partially recovered, and seeing my grandfather near he cursed him and his, and prayed that neither his son nor his son's son should ever live to reach his own age. The poor fellow's body was found cold, stiff, and still in the cell—done to death by our omniscient law. The very next day came his free pardon, his entire innocence of the crime in Sheffield having been proved. A short time brought the confirmation of his innocence of the murder also. Limping Joe joined the bushrangers just in time to share in a few depredations and in their speedy ruin. He was shot down, and had barely time left to confess that he was the murderer of little Ada, and that to keep suspicion from himself he had used Williams' knife to do the deed. " These few bald particulars will not be sufficient to make you realise the horrible truth. One almost doubts the goodness of the Creator when we puzzle ourselves to find why such things can be. The share poor Williams had in this world W3s a very poor one, and I would give all these broad lands that no one of my blood had helped to make his part in life more wretched. Sometimes I think that his curse must have fallen on us. My father had barely reached thirty-five —William's age was about that—when his dead body was washed up by the river near the spot where hia sister's had been found years before. Our poor mother did not survive him long, and we were left to the strangers' care. In all the southern hemisphere we have neither kith or kin to care for us or feel for us. Cin it be the curse ? " The story affected me more than I cared to acknowledge. Englishmen are not often brought face to face with snch horrors. But I was not going to let a simple story so easily undermine my foredrawn conclusions, and I said to Alf: "It is certainly a moat painful incident to be even remotely connected with, but you will scarcely bring me to believe that the actors in the tragedy have not something better to do than return to the scene. Is it said your little Bridewell is haunted? To be sure there aren'tmany places that deserve it more." " You may judge for yourself if you like," said Alf, " but I give you fair warning. I would not pass a night there for a kingdom. I have done it once, end once is enough in a life time." W " Well, I shall try it this very night. Ada will not be home until to morrow, and I t may a^ well spend the time unravelling the d secret." ' All right ; and if you do so no one will s thank you more heartily for anything than I g shall for this." p The conversation turned on other topic , but Alf's spirits seemed to have fallen to 0 w t zero, and gradually we became silent. I d watched the lengthening shadows of the trees a pa~s slowly over the lawn as the sun dipped o towards the western hills, and contrasted in my own mind the cold and dreary Christmas landscape of England with the gorgeous brilliancy of the scene before me. I was BO absorbed in this that it was with a sudden start I heard three rapid knocks just as the sun disappeared behind a distant peak. I jumped to my feet at once, and was rather surprised that Alf took no notice unless a sickly smile on his lips betrayed hia having heard it. " What was that ? " said I. "Oh, nothing!" said he, "or, rather, something we are pretty well accustomed to." Of course I could not show too much curiosity, yet I could not help feeling something uncanny, but this gradually wore away under the combined influence of a stiff glass of toddy and the aoothing smoke of a fragrant Havannah. Meantime whatever little preparations were necessary tomake thejsolitary Bridewell tenantable for a night had been made before sundo wn, and Alf told me pretty plainly that I should have little chance of company, unlese the ghostly, as not a man, woman, or child, for miles around would venture near the little building for its weight in gold. This, however, was not going to deter me, and that night I was a lodger in a place which could not boast of one before, during more than fifty years. CHAPTER There are two classes of sceptics with regard to spiritual manifpstions. The first simply ignores everything that would seem to savor of proof. Such extraordinary circumstances as Lord Brougham relates in his Autobiography, are to them merely evidences of a disordered liver, or at the best, only vague proofs ot some affinity between mortals not depending on material existence, the exact extent of which science will determine in the fulness of time. The other class will acknowledge the possibility of communication between the other world and this, but doubt that there are isolated cases of such communication. They say with fair enough reasoning, that the benefit to mankind would be so great that if granted at all it would be universal. Now, I belonged to the former class. OE course my education had led me to speculate on theories which have been before the world for centuries, but my conclusions were widely II. different from the supernatural. The Lacretian doctrine of a present mind in matter seemed to me to satisfy all the demands of so-called spiritual phenomena, and where we could not comprehend, we could take that doctrine aa the basis of onr investigations. My experience had never given me an opportunity of putting my theory to any test, and it was something akin to pleasure I found at hand a chance of testing the matter. The evident sincerety of my friend assured me that, so far at least aa he waa concerned, there was nothing approaching imposition, bnt this did not convince me that there was no imposition elsewhere. If human beings had anything ti do with an attempt to frighten the stranger, I was determined they would not get off scot ^ free. , r I . took , with me a faithful little revolver, which had done me good service on the Upper Nile. The little building was a plain structure two stories high, evidently formed with a view to strength. The upper storey had been the prison. The prisoners were secured in a very primitive fashion. The upper storey was reached by a ladder and trap-door, to which were still attached the rusty remains of the ancient fastenings. This means of confinement certainly saved the trouble of the warders who took possession of the lower chamber, but there was little need of constant watch and ward. A stretcher bed, a table and a fire were all the preparations made for my reception-—the fire only to give some cheerfulness to the desolate scene, as th ? weather was warm enough. I had provided myself with both an ordinary lamp and a small bull's eye lantern, and to occupy my mind had brought a copy of Horace, whose sterling common-sense and manliness would, I thought, prove an antidote to any mental vagaries. I first mounted s crazy ladder, and thoroughly examined the upper chamber, but found nothing—absolutely nothing. The poor prisoners had not even a ray of light to gladden them. There was not even a slit in the thick masonry to admit a stray sunbeam. Verily our fathers were men of iron. The inspection did not take long to complete, and I turned to the trap door to descend, but as I came near I saw it gradually fall over, and that, too, without any noise, though it creaked loud enough when I first pushed it from beneath. Down it sank gradually as if the moving power supported it in its descent, not as if it had received one impulse and then dropped of its own weight. Of course the time taken was not sufficient for me to reason on tho matter. I could only grasp for the moment the bare fact that the door waa Bhut and that I had probably neglected to push it up high enough. Passing my fingers through an opening at the side I pulled and pulled with all my might, but the door resisted every effort. Again and again I tried in every direction without any success, andl hadcome to the conoluaion that by some means or other it had got jammed, and I should have to spend my night on the bare boards, when it suddenly flew open with such violence that I was almost dashed against the wall, and at the same moment I heard what I can only desoiibe as the echo of a hoarse laugh, but where it came from I could not say. I am not ashamed to confess that when I got to the foot of the ladder I seriously deliberated whether or not I should give up the enterprise, but the fear of chaff, which makes many a man a hero, prevailed, and I determined to see it out. I threw myself, dressed as I waa, on the little bed. At its head was the table, on which were placed the lamp, the revolver, and my watch. I settled down to one of the Satires, and for a time forgot where I waa. Just as my eyes began to feel heavy I was recalled to full consciouanesa by observing a peculiar haze grow around the lamp. One minute before it burned bright and clear, now, though the flame was still there, it seemed robbed of its light. I quickly sat upon the bed, and with something like terror saw the blaze of both lamp and fire overwhelmed by a palpable darkness. The darkness approached slowly, aa if it was a bodily entity, and bit by bit conquered its enemy, just as a thick mist covers the landscape after sunset. I felt its approach, but if I could have gained a kingdom by doing so I could not move a single limb. It approached from all sides, and just as its most opaque part reached the table something like an immense hand was sent forth and enveloped revolver and watch before my eyes. My Henses were painfully acute, and I thought [could hear the clink of the chain of the latter when it was raised from the table. I myaelE waa forced backward as if by a mighty weight, but felt no weight, or even touch. For some seconds Hay without moving, but bending every power of my mind to resist, I would not fear. Then I was conscious ol the bed floating in the air, though I could perceive no motion. It soon settled again, but I thought in a different position, and I immediately seemed to recover some power over my limbs. I tried to pierce the surrounding darknesa H ith staring eyes, but I felt as if the blackness clothed everything like a positive envelope, a and for the first time I realised "a darkness i e which could be felt,' nut merely a neg itive oBtti want of light. From one part, however, I was convinced all these manifestations proceeded. It was like a centre of operation, and to this part I directed all my attention. ithout any relief in the surrounding .dark- j m ness, I fancied the obscurity here became inensified and the other parts by contrast less im. Soon it took shape—indefinite, but till a shape, and at the same instant a lurid lare tinged the extremities and give a horrid rominence to the indistinct mass. Like the phantasms of a fever it revolved ithin itself, and the horror of its possibiliies were in my mind a thousand times more readful than the realities. One minute, nd there struck my ears the shrill scream f a child, which curdled the blood in my u I p m p s I s a m veins, and then the revolutions and contortions redoubled. Soon I heard the hoarse cries of anger, mingled with the groans and sobs of one in mortal agony, and the heavy tread of men in the chamber above, and the sickening thump, thump as of a body dragged roughly over the floor, filled my ears. Tne huge indefinite mass seemed the origin and source from whiah all this arose. To me it took the form of an irrevocable destiny. Notwithstanding all these horrors I retained my senses, and even tried hard to speculate on them. That I was in the immediate presence of some awful power I knew ; that it could injure me I doubted, so long as was true to myself. The greatest torture I endured was the consciousness of my own impotence. I could only passively resist my spiritual facultii s being weakened by human disabilities. W lat I saw dimly appeared the reflection of the evolution of an inevitable fate. While these thoughts crossed my mind the mass before me became more and more distinct, as the obscure forms of a magic lantsrn gradually assume shape on the illumined field, and there stood out in relief a face with the features writhed and distorted with Rcony and hate. The face did not seem 1 to r pracut the mass aa the human face repj ictus the man. It set med rather an emana- | tion or product of it. I was horror struck by its expression but did not fear it. It gradually faded and gave place to a succession of ghastly appearances, each of which retained human characteristics, but a thousand times more repulsive than the creation of a nightmare. All this time I was endeavoring, with all my strength of will, to persuade myself that what I looked at was nothing but awaking vision without reality—a dismal fancy, but I dared not, however, attempt to spring up and dispel the illusion. I caught myself hoping that the horrid din might bring some one to my assistance, and the next moment I doubted if anyone save E-yself could hear it. From the very fact that I could reason on the j matter, I judged I waa regarding a reality, not the phantasmagoria of delusion. The whirling of the centra still continned, and gradually it seemed to take the form of a ohild with long fair hair, but a glow around the bead revealed the features a mass of wounds, and a broad deep gash from ear to ear. The sight for an instant almost un- manned me, and I felt my courage to endure almost forsaking my heart actually. I hoped for insensibility as a relief from this mental torture. By some intuition I seemed at this moment to gain an insight into the hidden meaning. I thought looked upon the^fate of the house to which I was about to ally myself, at least its fate in connection with that place. The mythology of ancient Greece and Rome gives UB many instances of places being under the direct influence of some occult power, sometimes benevolent, more frequently malevolent or capricious. The folk-lore of Germany, of Ireland, of Scotland, and indeed of all countries, tells us of the awful power of these genii loci. Why then if there is the slightest grounds for such traditions should these countries not have them as well aa those longer known? The malign influence with which they are credited in Europe may be quite as active in Australia, and they may have revenged themselves for some fancied alight on the family of my host and of my future wife. It is strange that such thoughts, and indeed conclusions, should force themselves on my mind at such a moment. I seemed, however, at this stage to have become an indifferent spectator, and by the force of logic to have reconciled myself to look upon this horrid apparition as one having no personl interest in its significance, but I was mistaken. Suddenly, the darkness lifted like the fleecy cloud before the morning breeze. The scene enlarged and I saw the deep river as it flowed past the Cairnstock meadows ; but, great Heavens! in the stream, struggling for life and beating the waters with ineffectual blowa, I saw my dear friend, my brother. God of Heavens I was it a fact, a preaent disaster, or the premonition of a future fate ? Madly I struggled to hurl myself from my couch, but I was bound to it as if by seven- fold cords, and had to gaze helpless while the white ghastly face rose and sank again and again until the waters slowly rippled over his head, and the dark shadow became more and more obscure in the cold depth of the stream. The icy sweat of horror sprung from every pore, and I fancied the sound of hideous mocking laughter—the laughter of fiends— filled all the space around. I was powerless —powerless, and could not even summon courage enough to put an end to my agony, by active ret- .stance. The river ; scene then changed, and a distinct view of the House appeared, but how different! The flames gushed from every window. The chimneys tottered and threatened the roof-tree, across which the stealthy fire spread slowly as if sure of its prey. But whom did I see at one of the windows girt with a dreadful circle of lambent flame ? The glowing eddy licks her form, and her glorious hair is shrivelled at thB touch. Soon the bright form will be in its deadly embrace, and my Ada, my life, my soul . Human nature could stand no more. I shrieked an agony, and threw out my hand. It was clasped in cold, deadly fingers, and from the extremity of the nails to the shoulder a chill as of the grave struck to the very marrows. I remember no more. When my senses were restored, Ada was leaning over my bed, her sweet countenance betraying the anxiety the felt, and Alf, with misery in every feature, stood watching me. He bitterly blamed himsel , and was blamed by his aister for allowing me to subject myself to such an ordeal, but I maintained that only myself was in fault, if any fault there were. It was anything but a merry Christmas we spent. I related what I saw to Alf, and he seemed struck with my theory of accounting for the phenomena. " I rnaj tell )ou," said he, " that on that wful night I spent in that room I saw very thing that you saw, witb the exception f my own appearance. That the two of us Bliould have the same experience is something more than extraordinary. You mean o suy that probably the influence, whatever t may be, is only local, and if we Bhould reove from this we should have peace.' At any rate I think BO, and it is simply seless to attempt to reason on such a theme. t is one of those things which our hilosophy cannot comprehend. I give you y word, my Ada, with my will, and leasure will never re-enter this house after he once leuves its door in my company. ndeed, I should prefer that our marriage hould take place immediately in Launceston, nd, dear Alf, you will, I am sure, agree with e ttat after that dieadful night I have not uch prospect of paace of mind in this country at all, beautitul as it is." Ada and L were married a week after. We persuaded Alf to remove to Victoria, and he easily got rid of the old station. There is one subject we rarely speak about, and that is the old Bridewell at Cairnstock House. This is my story, and I leave the wise to account for whit I have related. The fool may say it is all nonsense, the man of the world may say, a dream of feverish excitement, but the sage will say, there ia more things in Nature than we dream of in our philosophy. THE Emperor of Austria has just presented the Sultan of Turkey with six white horses of remarkable symmetry and beauty. These horses are of Spanish breed which exists only in the Emperor's stud, who possesses now only a dozen. Two superb seta of harness were sent with each horse. 