Intercolonial News. Ouj! Sydney Letter. fFECaC QUE OVr3f COKnKSl'OKDEKT.] .November a. Parliament is prorogued: Sir Henry Parkes has resigned his seat in the Assembly ; the Melbourne " Cup'* excitement is over, and we are agttfn a sedate people. It was said that Parliament was hastily prorogued at the last *<» make it possible for"honourable members to see the Cup " woe, but I strongly suspect •that if the business of the Government had not been finished neither the 44 Cup" nor tire 44bottle" would have prevailed upon the Ministry to give way. The Governor's speech amounted to saying, • '' Gentlemen, this has been a long session. I am glud you are going homo, and I am sure you must be." But after all that we have heard of tiro land law, it seems that the noise over it is only about to begin. Sir Henry Parkes, on resigning, said this of it:—"The present Parliament has pissed aa Act fpr the management of the public lauds which a few short months of experience will. prove to be more fruitful of abuse, more destructive of revenue, and more obstructive o£ settlement than the old law, with all its admitted defects." But there are others who are saying things less publicly yet more likely to come true. I have already reminded vou that about four-fifths of the officers now in the Department of Lands are located in Sydney. The new Land Act has fallen like a bomb shell amongst them. They are all there told in 'general terms to hold themselves ready to depart for the country. It is a really serious thing for some of them, but as for a good many, it raavbe about the best thing that can betide them. It will be a merOy in the guise of a punishment. Tkejv 'will suffer more in the way of losing amusements than anything else. Good schools can be liad or can be created in most places to which they are likely to be sent, and the air pure and free may add years to their lives. As to the olu l£night, be <avs that he has no intention of going back to Parliament. Ton see he is now an old man, and it may bo a year or two before the party in power will be out again. Sir Henry will bo so much older; and if the State be now as corrupt as he says it is, by that time it will be worse, and who then will be ahlo to cleanse such an Augean stable? I am sure the old man means what he says, and that having got some.con genial employment he is not unwilling to retire: He is less forceful than he used to be, if hot less ambitious. "Whilst unwilling to re-enter die Assembly, he might not be to enter the council; and eventually, when it can be done discreetly and in order, he may find rest for the sole of * his foot, in what is called the " Upper House." I did not lose any money over the " Cup had none to lose; did not even go to Melbourne to see the race. . Some of my neighbours did, and it seemedoddthat they should. Their know ledge of horseiiesh about equals the religion of horses, and if they ventured to bet it must have been done by proxy, and then where was the pleasure ? It struck mfe during the days of the carnival that a good deal of the excitement here was in ths notice which the Press gave to the affair, for the bulk of thm eobersided land jobbing -community went its various and devious ways as usual. We have commenced to sell wool at New castle. From old time, Sydney has been the only great mart and port of the colony. She has come to think that she has vested rights in this respect, and almost to resent any com petitor : but she must abide her fate, and one factor in that fate will be a smart competitive port on her north, at Newcastle. You now see the significance of the contention recently Waged over the Mudgee-Walgett railway. It is wanted for Narribri and Walgetfc. that would have its terminus at Newcastle. This first sale of wool at " Coalopolis" was meant, I have no doubt, to accentuate the northern aspect of this controversy. For after all, in itself, the sale does not amount to a great deal. The point is that a beginning has been made, and no . man knoweth whereon to this will go on. Another successful trial of two admirable little water augers has just been made in Sydney. The Wright and Edward's auger is one, and Bullock's "Little Champion" is the other. Both are comparatively small, cheap, and effective. There is some talk of adding the Abyssinian auger. This is a small instru ment, but large enough to make certain tests ■with, and alio where -water is tapped to obtain a supply to cany on the work of a larger drill. These machines have been specially examined by 3Ir. Henderson, superintendent of drills, and wine improvements have been made at his suggestion. One of them goes to Bingera, and the other to Wilea:mia. Engineers, like doctors, are differing not a little over a question of lydro.^t dies. One savs tint the height of a column of water thrown up from an artesian weil is determined by the height of its outlet, and not by that of its supply. He appears to be right in saving that it is not deternuned by the latter, and wrong in saying that the outlet has anything todo vrith it. Experience has taught, if science has not, that the height of a column of water thrown up is determined by the amount of pressure upon the water underneath. At cer tain shallow depths, the \vi*er may rise only just above the surf;i/:e of the ground. At greater depth.?, the column may be 'JO feet high, and even higher.. Asamaibrof fact these differences of results have been noted in the experiments made by Mr. Hendeivon, and many others. So that in boring for water it is not necessary to ask the height of the water shed, but what amount of pressure is upon the water beneath. Very confidently we may look forward to a complete examination of th-i entire country whsre artesian wells are likely* to bo nc-ded. At pros-lit they have beon formed in parts Jl the cri-jst country now oyyzphl; arid on the score of a s:.niJl local raiuf ill we have notliing to four. The Lmtfoi diZsc- iliiuz of te-iriug for wuier may '-c -u;d to C9 phit, and for the future reouidj are mure , certain. I The Stato Children* s Belief Department is opening its shoulders. its ftuillbers now are 8-40, but tile board havo framed estimates for 1>400 next year. This is another way of saying that there aro so many children needing foster homes. The thought is not a pleasant one. How they are produced may be learned from two notes in the report of the last monthly meeting. A mother died a few days after the birth of her baby, leaving three children. The futher, :i well-connected man, ran away. He hoi since been sent to gaol, and his children arc in charge of the board. The parents of a family of six died in the same- week. The children had to bo taken charge of by the Stato, and have been sent to Rand wick "to be made wholesome before they can be boarded but." It is not said whether or not this is one of the families kept together by Benevolent Asylum outdoor relief. But numerous as these waifs are, there are, so the president says, foster homes to bo found; and an officer of a similar institution in Victoria states lhat good foster home3 for chronic invalids can be had at special .rates. This country offers admirable facilities for the boarding out of special cases. Nor can jiny complaint fairly be made of the cost per head. The sum is £15, a very much smaller amount obviously than is necessary when large buildings have to bo erected and managed. The idea of givihg girls a brief training in domestic life at the Padding ton Home is ndiilirable. Housekeepers who suffer fnhu the clumsy ignorance of girls who have never had any training, will feelingly approve of this ste£. And, what is more, these poor children may gladly take to a life of domestic sendee, which is a thousand times more, becoming than the home idleness which some young modem damsels affect, and many degrees more so than the unrestrained, unhealthy work room life so much sought after. The hope is that this institution will not gibw by that which it feeds upon-. A gathering of Crimean Teterans has been held. I fancy it was larger than usual. There good hope that this admirable custom of annually or occasionally calling those veterans together will last longer than similar meetings of Waterloo veterans did. I,cannot toll you how many thousand survivors of the " noblo six hundred" there ate, but there must be a good many. They do turn up almost every where. There used to be one about here who had risen to be a lamp cleaner and then a rail way gatekeeper. I fear he has since become a "sandwich man." These veterans toasted the " Army and Navy," and " Old England," and drank to the memory of their dead com rades ; and they hoped, df course with in creasing numbers, to meet again. "\Ve shall almost at once begin to bore to ascertain the quality of the ground to bo pierced by the tunnel for the city railway. I know well what some of the grouild is like across Hyde Park. A good deal of stuff will bo found wfiich waS placed there in response to the direction that "rubbishmay be shot here." There are the remains of some of our^ early colonists at the extreme western end of this new extension. Thoir shades will be much distressed on observing their former shells, now only bones and dust, if that indeed, so ruthlessly disturbed. But it is inevitable; the march of events demand that the dead shall not sbind in the way of the living. Ministers mean work, and they will not leave the ghost of a chance for next Parliament to revest the decision of the last. All in good time, therefore, it will be possible for a traveller to take train at your central station, to pass your border, to cross our New England ranges, to run through our " black" country, and finally alight at the top of King street in Sydney. There have been several ugly suicides of late. What possesses people to cut their throats, or stupefy themselves with drugs, I cannot guess. There is no romance in suicide. Polk that way inclined generally take most cowardly methods of putting themselves out of the world. And the reasons for it are as absurd as the method. A man has some trouble about his property, and he doses himself with laudanum; another man loses a situation as a sort of man of all work, it preys upon his mind, and he cuts his throat. I suppose there is a subtle psychical law at work in all those dissimilar c;ises. In this last instance the had been a soldier, so that a fellow with courage enough to risk having his head taken off with a broadsword, eventually cuts his windpipe with a razor. A man found dead at a public-house, had been put in what amongst the initiated is called the "booby" room. This wus explained to be a room set apart for persons too drunk to be sent into the streets. Another man died suddenly ufter drinking several glasses of ale, each at one breath. lie was found to have a " drunkard's liver," and the doctor said he died of congestion of tho lungs and brain. Now, here is what the coroner said:—"There was no evidence to show that the drink that deceased took on the occasion cu:u»ed Ids death. Ifc was of intemperate habits. The medical evidence proved that death re sulted from congestion of the lungs and brain. If the deceased did drink four of those ghtsses they would only make a quart, as they were 10 oz. glasses, and it takes *10 ounces to the quart. Taking them at the extreme, they lore, and some inon could drink ould not hold more,; two or three quarts, or even a gallon, of beer without injury. Tho deceased was suffering rrein congestion of the lungs and brain; his liver was two or three times larger than usual; he had what is known as a drunkard's liver. As regards tlic public, he (the coroner) might suy tluit it was no olfence to give a man as much drink us he could tuko; hut if Mr. Weoden had a child of ten years instead of the deceased, and forced the liquor down his throat, that would be quite a different matter; but there was no evidence in tliis case to show tliat tho liquor taken on that occasion by Quinton had anything to do with his death, all he had taken being a quart of beer. He would observe, in conclusion, teat all thewitnc-vjos contradicted each oiher." The jury, after 10 deli '*ru: ion, found tliat deceased (David Quinton) died from congestion of the lungs end brain, accelerated by intemperance. It wna though; at tho nr»t thf.t this, would cbrtainly be contradicted, but it h&fe; not bedn, so tbo inference is that it roally web said. The jury added a rider about the house. mien speaking at Wiivcrley the other day Archbishop Momn §aid;—"And as for as Catholics were concerned, it wus a good tiling to have tlicso masters in charge of the schools, especially in some country districts, where it became a matter of necessity to Catholic citizens to attend public schools, having no school of of their onto near at hand. These men were nover known to interfere in tlio way of pro selytism, nhd it SVas evident they could l>o trusted. He himself did not know of a single instance in which a Cathblic jeaclicr had attentpted tointerfer'e witli tile religidusbpiilioiis of Prrtte&unt; Children under his care ; while, on the other hand, he had heard a thousand times of the efforts of Protestants to destroy the faith in Catholic children." Hereupon the Minister of Public Instruction wrote to the Arclibishop, RskiUghilh tb furnish the namcaand particulars of as many of the cases referred .to as lie could supply, so that immediate inquiry might be made with a view to a stop being put to such highly irregular practices if found to j exist. The following is Dr. Mown1 a answer j— ! "Honourable Sir,—In reply to your favour of yesterday, I begto state that when I referred at "\VaverleV to the attempts of Protestants to destroy the fjiith of Catholic children, I did not speak in particular of , New South Wdles, but rather of tile result of my past experience. I have had some few complaints since my arrival in Sydney, especially regarding the Opnthohiiic Hospital at Moorcliff and tllo .Institution for the Deaf and Dindb and Bliiid, Nert-tdwn road, but I have not had leisure to inquire into the accuracy of the statements inude to nie. I thank you for permitting me to bring such complaints under your notice, and I will avail myself of thi* penuiasibil should occasion so require. In the . meantime, I remain, &c.;, Patrick F. Horaj., Archbishop of Sydney." Mr. Triekett further states that ho firmly be lieves that no such practice as is roferrod to by the archbishop exists in the public school sen-ice of the colony. Neither of the institu tions 'named by Archbishop Moran is in any way under the control of the Department of Public Instruction. 