SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. BRANXHOLME RACES. Stewards. — Messrs. W. R. Skene, H. Edkins, D. M'Lellaa, J. Go tic h, X. W. Smith, D. A. Skene, M. M'Intyre, J. A. Alexander, K". Laverty, T. D. Hughes, E. Cameron and J. Fletcher. Judge. — Mr. C. Fethentonhaugh. Starters. — Mr. J. Go ugh and Mr. J. A. Alexander. Clerk of Course. — Mr. J. A. Alexander. Clerk of Scales. — Mr. T. W. Smith. Hon. Sec.— Mr. E. Gough. The people of Branxholme held their annual race meeting on Tuesday, and as usual, the sport attracted visitors from Hamilton, Carterton, Coleraine, Portland, Heywood, and throughout the surrounding district for many miles. At first it looked as though the crowd was not going to be so large as usual, but afterwards people rolled np from all directions, and the green sward round the swamp was dotted with merry picnic parties. With respect to the racing it resulted in surprises as great in their way as when Malna landed the Australian Gup, and Martini-Henry was so ignominonsly beaten for the Championship. As a rule one can tell almost to a certainty what is going to win at a country race meeting, but this certainly was not the case at Branxholme. For instance, nothing but Guinhvere would go down for the Trial Stakes. Nine horses started for this, but Guinevere was backed at lerel money to win. Some of the more knowing ones prophesied Equity, but those who patronised the various totalisatora on the ground could see nothing in it batGuine- vere. _ The outcome was that from start to finish she never had the ghost of a show.' In the Handicap, Magic and Thetis were very much fancied, but the colors of both were lowered by Mr. Courtis Flan, ahorse seldom mentioned in the betting. The third consecutive "boil over" occurred in the Hurdle Race- for which Equity and " Magic started first favourites, hut . were howled over by Minna warra. In going round the second tame Equity took at into his head, when leading, to -miss the only hurdle left standing, clear the bar opposite tue judges box, and knock over a Miss Tomkins, from Byadnk. At first it was thought the young lady was senonsly in jured, hut Dr. Johnson, who was immediately Ju attendance, was soon able to pronounce her out of danger. Many supposed that but for this bolt off the -coarse, Equity must have won, but we do not think he would have stood a show . with . the . winner; » tine niking animal, for which Mr. E. Walter subsequently offered £80, which was retnsed- The Selling Flat Race was won "by Arden's Roths, a horse that many «- Pected to see disqualified,"" '"having/'Ut said, run ,-t at - meetings iot advertised in the VJR.C. SportingiJslenaar. No protest, however, was janteced, jbejliope was sold to Mr. Moswnaim for£20jMs„|be Club benefiting to the extent of Wta» shillings, and the stakes will, in dne coarse, be handed over to Mr. Arden. The Caster- ton representative. Fan, was again to the fore in the Flying Handicap, and after Andy Ferguson had steered Equity to victory in the Maiden Handle Race, those assembled dispersed, well pleased with the amusement that had been provided. The course was in good going order, but few expected to see themile and & half in the Handicap covered m 2ed&d.; 46&sec.;, yet that was the time as taken by several watches, the mile and a quarter in the Trial Stakes being also done at a fair rate, viz., 2min. 20sec. In the riding for the Handicap Hurdle Race F. Thornton, who was riding Magic, nsed the whipcord so freely that the horse was cut, Thornton brought before the stewards. It then appeared he had been told by the owner of Magic to send the horse along, had never ridden the animal before, and had nsed the whip believing it was re quired. He was cautioned not to administer each heavy punishment but it may be added horses bare often been more severely treated on a race-coarse, and although the owner was of opinion that Manic would not go if struck, there is no doubt that he did gain on the leading horse at the turn for home and whilst being punished. For all that, however, it was just as well the stewards should mark their sense of what they looked upon as cruelty. Admiral Rons, one of onr greatest sporting authorities, once said that a horse which would not go without spurring or whipping was not fitto be called a race-horse, and, although this may be rather a high-flown idea, there can be no the fact that spurs and whip are often used too lavishly. In the race in question at least one of the riders commenced whipping a quarter of a mile after the start, and when coming into the home torn for the second time the bush fairly echoed again with the cracks of many whips. One of the incidents during the afternoon was a jumping match between Charles Davison and B» Hyde, in which the former allowed the latter three inches and beat him easily, Notwithstanding the take off was up-hill Davison cleared 5ft Sin, measured from bar to ground, with consummate ease, and Hyde failed at 5 ft 4£ in. Taking from where he took off, Davison most have cleared 5 ft 10 in, and he went very cleanly over the bar. With respect to the manage ment of the races, it was very good indeed. As a starter Mr. Alexander was a success, Mr. Fetherstonhaugh occupied his time- honored position as judge, Mr. Smith as weigher was very attentive to his duties, and Mr. Gough as boo. secretary, was cour teous and obliging. In future, however, it would be well to announce that all dogs found on the course will be poisoned, about eight or nine yelping cars pursuing the horses in the Trial Stakes. Amongst those whose face was much was Mr. T. Skene who, for many years, acted as host, but his place was well supplied by his brothers. Messrs. E. and J. (Sough catered on the ground, and seemed to have no reason to complain. Below we give details of the running, vis, z— tbial stakes. Of 10 so vs. Weight for age. One mile and a quarter. E. Young's Equity, aged, 8 st 13 lbs (Ra- mage) 1 EL T. His cock's ch m Miss Jessie, aged, 8 st 13 lbs (H'Guinneiu) 2 J. A Alexander's b g Whiskey, aged, 8 st 13 lbs (A Ferguson) 3 Maid of the Inn, Little Buttercup, Guin evere, Triton the Second, Unique, and Bail- way were the other starters. After two false attempts on the part of Guinevere and Miss Jessie to get away, Mr. J. Gough sent them off all together, and Mirb Jessie showed in front for a little. Then Unique went np followed by R&Uw;&y; and Equity, the latter hard held. In this order, Guinevere lying fourth, and Whisky fifth, they passed the stand. At the back of the course Equity was let out, soon assumed the lead, waa never afterwards challenged and won ey in 2min. 20seca. bbakxhoehe handicap. OF 30 30VB. Distance about one mile and a halt E. C. Courtis b m Fan, 5 yrs, 7st 31ba (Ramege) 1 F. D. Hughes' b g Magic, aged, 8st 121bs 2 (Lock) G. Bell's b g St George, Gyre 7st (Johnson) 3 M'Pherson's b m Thetis 6rt Tibs, and E. O. Ualloran's ch m Semiramis 7st 121bs also started, the owner of Freedom being fined £1 for not weighing out Thetis led off followed by St. George, Magic, the favorite, being last. On going np tbe bill towards the back of the course St. George bad assumed the lead, Semiramis being second, and Magic still driving all tbe outers before him, St. George being hard held. On going past tbe stand the order, however, was, St. George, Semiramis, Magic, Thetis, and Fan, and when tbey reached the starting point St. George still led, Magic being bard held. At the far tnrn, Fan went up and through her horses, Thetis and Semiramis fell back beaten, and a grand race ensued ronnd the home turn. Fan eventually winning by about a length and a half, a length separating second from third. Time, 2min. 46secs. St George carried lllbs. overweight, bnt for this be would verc nearly, if not quite, have won. The total isator gave 4 to 1 against the winner. hakdicap hdbdlb back Of 25 sovs. About two miles. E. Quill s Minna warra, aged, 9st 7 lbs (Johnson) 1 G. Bell's b g St George, 6 yrs, 9fit Gibs (Lock) 2 T. H. Hughes' b g Magic, aged, 9st lOlba (F. Thornton) 3 Dr. Scott's br g Concord, aged, 9st 4lbs, Jamieson's blk m Village Maid, aged, 9st dibs, and Voung Equity, 9st Gibs, also started, and were nicely sent away .by Mr. Alexander. Equity, Minnewarra, St George, and Magic were tbe first to knock the hardies down and clear tbe jump opposite the judge's stand. They kept about the same order all ronnd, by which time the event, wire one-exception, was reaucea to a flat race. The exception was the hurdle opposite the judge's stand, and instead of negotiating this, Equity cleared a rail alongside, knocked down a young lady, bolted, and was never afterwards in it After this Minnewarra got the lead, kept it easily all the way round, and won in 4min. 2secs. The Total isator division about Minnewarra was £2 7s in return for 5s staked. sellbhs flat race. A. Arden inn. 'a b g Bofna (£20), fist Tibs ... 1 J. Tomkins blkg Darkie (£15), 8st 2 W. S. Beveridgrs b m Lady (£15), 8st ... 3 In this race there should have been six starters, bnt Topsy was left at the post through her jockey apparently lacking pre- aence of mind. It was a good race, and probably, had Darkie made his effort eooner, would have resulted in even a closer finish. As it was, Rains won by nearly a length. fltbtg hakdicap Of 15 so vs. About three-quarters of a mile. E. C. Courtis Fan, 7st lOlba (ftamage), ... 1 D. A. Skene's b m Countess, 7st. 9Ibs.(Burns) 2 O'Hslloran'a Semiramis, 7st. 12ibs., (Beve- ridge) 3 Whiskey and Fortune also started. For- tana led off with Countess second. Then they all got into a clump, and on separating Fan waa seen to be in command. At the turn for home Semiramis raced bard for first place, but could not overhaul the leader. Countess bete came very fast, deprived Semiramis - of second- place, and probably would have won bad her effort been sooner made. Erne, 1 min. 20| sees. The owners of Unique and Midnight were fined £1 each for not weighing" out. haiden hubdle bace. Of 7 son. ; 9st up. About one mile and a bait For this event no fewer than eight horses were entered, and seven started. It was a fitting wind np to -a grand programme; jand was won by j-Eqnity, cleverly ridden, by Andy Ferguson. . 