THE ENABLING BILL AND AMEND MENTS. The amendments which the Imperial Government propose to make in the Bill which is to enable the Australian Colonies to establish a Federal Council are of con siderable importance. A copy of them was sent for approval to the Agents-Gene ral in London. It is not probable that these gentlemen will undertake the re sponsibility of acceptingthese amendments without having first consulted their respec tive Governments, and it is just as likely as not chat when they have consulted their official superiors they will be directed to ask for a modification. Lord Derby, who throughout has been most consistent in changing his views and opinions with every new gust of public feeling, had given the information that the amend ments proposed to be made were verbal and unimportant. This is far from being the case, as a glance at our tele graphic columns will at once show. In the first place, one amendment is Introduced which^has the effect of inform ing the colonies that they are going too far. The object of the Bill is the esta blishment of a Council which, "saving Her Majesty's prerogative, and subject to the provisions herein contained with re spect to the operation of this Act, shall have legislative authority over all Her Ddajesty's possessions in Australasia, and over all British ships sailing between them in respect to the several matters following." These matters, which it were useless to give at length, refer, amongst other things, to colonial relations with the Pacific Islands and their rulers, influx of criminals, fisheries, service of processes and enforcement of judgments. Lord Derby will nut have this. He thinks that the authority claimed by the clause is far too wide. It will be remembered that when the New Guinea agitation was at its height Lord Derby cordially invited the colonies to become a federated body, stating that such a course would strengthen the hands of his Government, and that the control over New Guinea and other islands would be in the hands of the Federal Council. But now all that is changed. Either he did not weigh his words when he invited the colonies to federate, or else he did not mean them, for now, when they do exactly what he asked them to do, he objects. We could understand his amendment, which consists in striking out the words after "legislative authority," if Its object were to protect such colonies as might re fuse to join the Federation. But their in dependence is already secured by the Bill, and the result of the amendment would be to render the whole scheme abortive. The Imperial Government object to grant to the Federal Council power to deal with relations subsisting between Aus tralasia and the [Pacific Islands, or with the prevention of the influx J of criminals, or with fisheries waters which are beyond territorial limits, unless some provision is inserted requiring Imperial sanction as a prelimi? nary to legislation. Now we ean easily understand that England would not care to place what may be called the foreign policy of Australasia in the hands of the colonies. Our statesmen might be in- j clined to take a somewhat selfish view of matters, and in a fit of warlike enthusiasm might cause serious trouble amongst the Great Powers. For instance, if | France had landed her rdcidivistes in New Caledonia at a time when the Federal Council had supreme control, there can be little doubt but that some bellicose actions or words would have come very near to originating a war with France. And, indeed, it only fair that England, who finds the main part of our naval protection, should have the opportunity of expressing an opinion upon the expediency of a st which might entail possible loss, feut a) similar line of reasoning will certainly not apply to the influx of criminals. At present Acts which require Imperial sanction are recognised as law for twelve monthB after they have been passed—in the interim, that is, between the application for sanction and its reply. This was a distinctly useful provision on more than one occasion. When the Vic torian Parliament passed its Convicts Prevention Act, with the view of pre venting Tasmanian convicts from landing j in Victoria, the measure was repeatedly disallowed by the Imperial Government, and as often passed by the Victorian Parliament. Thus the colony gained its end, because as soon as the Imperial veto came, the Parliament set to work to pass the Bill again for another twelvemonths. It is to be feared that any fresh arrangement arrived at might result in the loss of certain rights and privileges which at present appertain to the Colonial Legislatures. If there is one point upon which all the colonies are of | one mind it is this, that Australasia is not, and should not be, a depot for the off scourings of the world. It is satisfactory to notice that France has evidently changed her mind about the intended j population for New Caledonia, and that she will divert the stream of her rdcidi vistes to the islands off Madagascar. This j happy consummation is mainly dne to the firm stand made by Australia. England was lukewarm about the matter, and France was obstinate, but gradually they came to see that the position taken by j Australia was the right one. We should, then, be decided about this point, and refuse to sanction any amendment ef the Enabling Bill which shall have the effect of weakening our power as regards the immigration of convicts. Another important amendment pro vides for the voluntary retirement of separate colonies from the federal concert if they desire to do so. This is a highly equitable arrangement. Colonies may under it make trial of both measures. They may join the federal movement and give it a trial, and then, if they do not like it, they may withdraw. If the objec tion be made that such an arrangement will give rise to much ill-feeling and bickering, the answer is that, in the event of such a deplorable state of affairs, it is much better that the dissenting parties should be free to separate than that they should be bound together in a condition of per petual animosity. The importance of this amendment will appear all the more clearly when we examine it in the light of recent events. The New South Wales Parliament rejected the Federal Council Bill on the ground that, by joining the j Confederation, New South Wales might perhaps be placed in a position of infe riority as regards Victoria, and that in that case she would not be able to free ' herself until she had procured a special j Imperial Act. Some of the amendments, it will have been seen, are of a beneficial nature ; one only is distinctly harmful. It behoves Australia to stand by her rights, and to refuse the surrendering of any of her privileges. We publish as a supplement to this week's Observer a special advertisement from the Union Steamship Company of New Zealand, offering inducements to passengers by their steamers on holiday tours in that country of wonderfully grand and picturesque scenery. From December 1 to February 28 the Company issue tickets at reduced fares all j over their lines, permitting the holders to break their journey at any or all ports. The services of the Company enable tourists to visit the Hot] Lakes and Geysers Districts in the Province of Auckland in the North Island —a district well worthy the appellation of "The Wonderland of New Zealand," and the constant resort of visitors, who go to drink in the beauties of its scenery and to lave in its waters, which it is alleged are highly benefi cial to sufferers from rheumatism. The famous " pink and white terraces of Botomo hana"are situated in the same district. Other seductive descriptions lure the tired business man to leave behind the worry of city life and hasten to gaze upon the beautieB of the lakes and ice fields of the .Middle Island, its West Coast Sounds, Mount Cook and its glaciers, and many other refreshing scenes not so rugged and grand, but still beautiful. Th6 • Company also arrange trips to the South Sea Islands, the voyage occupying one month from Auckland, and only one- half of the time being spent at sea. Amongst other places visited will be Samoa, Fiji, and Tonga ; and a second excursion is projected to take in . Tahiti. On board as on shore amusements are provided for the passengers. The list in cludes "fishing, shooting, sketching, and ex ploring" on shore, and dancing and singing and amateur theatricals on board. A specially low passage rate gives to the traveller the right to all those advantages, and the round trip should certainly form a holiday experience of rare pleasure. The interesting sketch of the events of the year, which the Chancellor of the University gave on Wednesday at the Commencement, showB that the institution is making progress, Further proof has been given that its claims are not overlooked by some at least of the wealthy men of the community. The endow ment of Chairs of Music and Chemistry, and the establishment of a School of Medicine, are events which quite justified the gratula tory remarks of His Honor, and the graceful | references he made to Sir Thomas Elder and Mr. J. H. Angas, J.F., both of whom have been such liberal donors to the University. There is evidence, too, that parents are beginning to take more interest in the higher education of their children by encouraging them to enter the junior and matriculation examinations. We hope that in time this will have the effect of increasing the number who from year to year are reading for degrees. The number of degrees conferred at the commencement on Wednes day was nine—three in the Arts course, and six in the laws—but this is not a tithe of the number that we should like to see, It does not do to devote too much attention to material things. Knowledge is of supreme importance, and one advantage of the existence of a University in our midst is that it will continually emphasize this fact upon the pupils at our colleges and schools. With respect to the proposal to establish evening lectures in connection with the University, we trust that no impediment . will be placed in the way of its being carried out, seeing that as many as thirty students | are prepared to take advantage of the course. We cannot see that the Professors are too hard worked to lake upon themselves the little extra service the evening lectures would entaiL The Hon. J. C. Bray is going to England, He has a two-fold object in view—first the improvement of' his health, and second the improvement.of his mind. We are sorry there is any neoessity for the former; we congratulate the ;hon. member upon his modesty in admitting that the latter is possible. We trust the trip will be eminently j successful in both respects. The farewell banquet which was given to Mr. £Bray on | Wednesday night last must have been grati fying alike to himself and his friends. He has occupied a prominent position in the puliclife of the colony during the thirteen years that he has been a member of Parlia ment ; and though his name is not associated | with any useful reform or any measure of ; great importance, still no one can deny that his services both as a Crown Minister and leader of the Opposition have been of value to the country. The speech of Sir Henry | Ayers, in proposing the health of the guest of the evening, was very |ap propriate, and it must have been exceedingly pleasing to Mr. Bray to listen to the generous praises of his former chief. Mr. Bray, though young, is too old a politician and has had too much adverse criticism to be spoilt by a little flattery now. It will come as an acceptable anodyne to the wounds which his critics have inflicted. We are glad to note that he is not ashamed of the land of his birth, and we have sufficient faith in him to believe that in his travels he will do his best to uphold the honour of South Australia. He has quick perceptive faculties, and his trip will no doubt give him broader views, and have the effect of making him a more useful politician in the future than he has been in j the past. We do not apprehend he will dis cover in his travels the secret of our depres sion ; that is a problem which we must solve for ourselves, and we believe we are rapidly ] solving it. We are glad that two of our native industries are likely to prove successful We refer to the manufacture of woollen tweeds and the | cultivation of wattle bark. The Lobethal Woollen Factory has met with a fair measure of success during the past year, as will be seen from the report of the first annual meet ing of shareholders, which we publish else where. The quantity of material turned out j and the net profit upon it seem to have been quite satisfactory. Ho less than 25,592 yards of material were woven during the year, and the ordersat present on hand will ocoupy the looms for ten weeks from date. At the interim meeting held last May it was stated that orders were then on hand for about 6,000 yardB, and considering that the factory is now in full working order it is evident that ten weeks' work must represent considerably more than that quantity. Undoubtedly the material turned out from Lobethal has met with a large amount of appreciation, and j the Manager and ' the various classes | of workers have done good service in establishing a new industry simply | by the sterling quality of their work. The Echunga Wattle Plantation Company is, we believe, the first Company in the | colony which has devoted itself exclusively to the growing of wattle-bark, and in this j sense the occupation in which it is engaged | may be regarded as a new industry. The operations at Echunga have only been in | progress for about six months, and the work has been confined to pruning and to clearing some ground preparatory to seedsowing. It is evident from the half-yearly report of the Company that care and economy are being exercised, and the Directors are .pro-1 ceeding upon the homely maxim to " take care of the pence and the pounds will take care of themselves." Mach of the land .which is now lying useless in the hill regions of South Australia might be converted into very valuable property by judicious sowing with wattles. The industry can hardly fail to be come a very remunerative one. Besides the bark, the gum of the wattle-tree promises to become very valuable as one of the chief in gredients in a substitute for indiarubber, so that wattle-gum as well as wattle-bark will | possibly establish itself permanently on the English market. We are glad to learn that after all there is | every prospect of the Jubilee of the colony being celebrated by an international exhibi tion. Twelve of our wealthy leading colonists have agreed to give the necessary pecuniary guarantee for the faithful carrying oat of the undertaking; and to their credit be it said they are patriotically determined that should any profit result from the venture they will not pocket it themselves but will devote it to j the 'foundation of a Technological School. All that the Government are to be asked to do iB to lend the promoters the necessary | land and to build at an expense of £20,000 a large hall which can first of all be used for Jubilee purposes and afterwards used for the Shows of the Royal Agricultural and Horti cultural Society. To this we should think no reasonable objection can be offered. A new building for the Agricultural Society has long been wanted, and this would be a capital opportunity of getting one. Of course extensive annexes will be required in addi tion to the main hall, but these the promoters would baild themselves. Their notion is to have the project carried out under the joint management of the Agrieultnral Society and the Chamber of Manufactures; and it will be their aim to make the Exhibition thoroughly representative in every respect. They believe it can be made a financial success, and we do not see why it should not be. Their object Is purely patriotic, and being so is worthy of all consideration. We hope no narrow spirit will interfere with its being successfully carried out. No better plan of commemorating our Jubilee has been suggested than an Exhibition; and as it would be ignominons to allow such an event to pass without some worthy celebration, we trust that now a way of doing it without any great expense to the colony has been pro posed, all obstacles will be removed, and that I the prompters will be able to begin their J negotiations at once. The announcements as to the water and Bewer rates will be jread with satisfaction by every householder. The abolition of the charge for meters iB a decided improvement, and the reduction of the charge for fixing them from 30a. to 20s. wUi no doubt lead to their being more generally'used. The reduction of the price of water in the drainage districts from ls. 6d. to Is. 3d. per thousand gallons will do something towards affording relief to those who have to pay both water and 'sewer rates, and it is perhaps as good a form of granting a reasonable con-1 cession as could be hit upon. The oaloola- : tion of the excess of water consumed over the | quantity allowed by the assessment upon the consumption for the year instead of the six months will also be in favour of. the rate payer. Nevertheless, theBe concessions, substantial as they are, fall somewhat short of what is really required. We hope to sea j the suggestion acted upon, that there Bhould be 'a distinction between the proportion of the cost of the Waterworks Department | which the property should bear and that part whioh should fall on the actual occupier. I The former should be met by arate sufficient, say, to pay the interest on the cost of con- I struction. The latter should be met by a | charge for the actual water consumed. As it is, the water rate falls very unfairly upon | business premises where but little water is used but a very high rate is paid. It is to be regretted that there is no immediate prospect of st eduction of the sewage rate, bat this is not surprising considering the large amount of rates lost by the mismanagement of the former Government, a d the fact that the works have cost so uch more than the original estimate. For he relief that is to be granted in the matter of the water assessments the over-burdened taxpayers will be especially thankful. The persons who took upon themselves to call a meeting for the purpose of protesting against .Chinese immigration can hardly be congratulated on their courtesy. The Mayor of Adelaide received a requisition signed by 121 persons, and he naturally thought that | the signers would be only part of a large gathering. What must his feelings then be when he found that only thirty persons found it convenient to attend the meeting, and that of these only one represented the signers of the requisition, -Where were the 120? They had got some work to do, and therefore their interest in Chinese immigration had vanished into thin air. To say the truth, much of this outcry against the Chinese is consider ably overdone. If they were coming over here in thousands and taking the bread out of white men's months there would be some reason for protesting against them. But a law has already been passed by Parliament which makes it almost impossible for Chinese to come over here in very large numbers. As a matter of fact, very few immigrants ever land here. The only way in whioh at present their presence amongst us is a difficulty is in the matter of manning ocean steamers. It is unfair to the local steamship'Com panies that vessels manned by Chinese and I Coolies should be allowed to compete with them in the intercolonial trade. We cannot expect all these vessels to be manned by South Australians, and they would most likely stay away altogethed if this were a condition. The libel case in which Sir Henry Parkes I figured conspicuously recently has again reached an unsatisfactory conclusion. The charges made against Sir Henry by tht CampbelUoum Herald were that he bad left the colony for thirteen months in order to evade his creditors,1 that he had attempted to_ perpetuate a swindle in the matter of the projected North Shore Bridge, and that he had taken Dr. Benwick into his Ministry for a pecuniary consideration. Tiro juries hare attempted to decide the case, but both were unsuccessful. Sir Henry has decided to bring the matter before a court of law again, and it is therefore still sub jtidice. The exposition of the law of' libel which was given by Mr. Justice Fewcett in his charge is much more in accord with common sense than the expositions which recently were made by the Sydney Bench. Referring to Sir Henry Parkes' position as a public man, the Judge said:—"In these circumstances there was no question whatever that the utmoBt freedom was' allowed to the writers in newspapers in discussing the conduct and character of a man in such a position ; and though things might be libellous when said of a private person in his individual capacity, they might be said of a public man in that position without being libellous,. There was a degree of freedom allowed-^at all events allowed by the law—in writing or speaking about public matters and public men engaged in public life, it being considered necessary for the protection of the rights and liberties of the people. But at the same time, while this freedom of discussion and comment was allowed to a very large extent, every one must see that there were limits beyond which no person ought to be permitted to go, and in ; this respect there was no distinction between a private person and the proprietor of a newspaper. A private person might discuss the public conduct of a public man as freely as the proprietor of a newspaper. It did not make any difference in the rights or privi leges of any member of the community if he happened to be the owner of a printing press or a newspaper. As he had said, there were certain lines beyond which no persons were to go, and the line of demarcation was plainly marked out in this way: that if a person charged a man engaged in publio' life with corruption or dishonest praotioes, or with anything approaching them, he would be going beyond the fair, just, and ordinary limits of fair and candid discussion. If, how ever, there were real grounds for charging a Minister of the Crown, or any other person holding a public position, with dishonesty or corruption, the proprietor of a newspaper or any other individual in the community would be entitled to speak freely of suoh a transac tion, and to comment freely upon it, although primA facie it was to be assumed that public men holding public positions would act honestly. People might think suoh men mistaken in their views and . their polioy, and they might condemn their polioy and disapprove altogether of their ^public pro ceedings, but if they charged them, with dishonesty, they undoubtedly went beyond the fair limits of comment, unless they were prepared to show that such public men-were guilty of the dishonesty, fix corruption with which they wereoharged." The Christinas number of the Adelaide Observer, which ie now obtainable at this office and the various agencies,, will be found to' be of exceptional interest this year. It contains no less than sixty-eight pages of matter of a most varied character, which will commend itself to the acceptance of all classes of readers. There are stories for the old and stories for the young, an Acting Charade and around of Christmas games, poetry suggested by the season of the year, and an unusually diverse and interesting budget from the Editors of the Riddler and Chess columns. The first story—"Two Christmas Eves"—is based upon a pa thetic incident which occurred in Aus tralia, but the lesson of charity and forbear ance which is the burden of the tale is appropriate enough now, and should not pass by unforgotten. " Vane Tresham" is a well written and cleverly worked-out sketch of a disciple of Pythagoras and a believer in metempsychosis. The extraordinary narra tive will probably be read with inoredulity, but none the less will it absorb the attention of its readers. The next story," The Golden Chain," tenderly illustrates the gaining of the good time that once was coming, and the looking forward to the better time to come. The writer of " A Christmas Day1 at the South Pole" describes in a very graphic way his appointment by the editor of an enter prising newspaper as special correspondent to the South Pole, the only place where the said newspaper is "not properly repre sented Ids trip thither in a flying machine, fearfully and wonderfully made; his mar vellously quick arrival there; the result of his interviews with the web-footed antarctic folk, their language, their religion, and their "muBtylaws"and"morecuriousouBtoms;"and the South Pole itself —"A vast obelisk, an immense shaft of iron at least a mile in height, and tapering eto a sharp apex." Lindsay Duncan's tale\of "Up the River" happily unites the old land and the new in a manner that is very congenial to one's thoughts at Christmastide. Passing by a " Christmas Catastrophe," and a thrilling "True Ghost Story," we come to a round of Christmas games, and an Acting Charade, which will have special interest for the young folk, for whose delectation also there are two pretty children's stories, which will give very genial delight. The Siddler's " Literary Mincepie" excels in attrac tiveness the Editor's former efforts to amuse and entertain his nume rous readers at Christmas time, while the Chess Budget will bs of special, in terest in view of Mr. Blackburae's expected arrival in the colony. Added to all these at tractions there are two supplements—one being a fine engraving of a happy domestic scene, and tbe other an illustrated, sketch of the delightful tours in the wonderland of New Zealand which the Union Steamship Com pany has arranged for the summer holidays. As New Zealand possesses scenes Which charm travellers who have beheld the great sights of the Old World, these'cheap exeur sions'should tempt many a colonist to spend his holiday in the way the Company so en ticingly suggest. 