BAZAAR AT BALMAIN WEST. FATHER O'Reilly and the good Catholics of Bal- main West do not believe in doing things by halves, and the bazaar or fancy fair now being hold in connection with St. Joseph's Church and Convent is a proof of what can be done when people go about a thing in a business-like way, and put their hands and hearts to their work. For a couple of months or more the preparations had bean going on, and the ladies in particular who had associated themselves with the undertaking worked so successfully collecting presents and subscriptions that a tolerably good commencement was made even before the opening. On Monday evening tho formal opening ceremony was per- formed by Mr. L. Heydon, M.L.A., who made a short appropriate speech, in which he referred with telling effect to the latest phase in the edu- cation agitation showing the turn of the tide in fa- vour of religion in the schools. Present on the plat- form during Mr. Heydon's speech were the Rev. J. J. Carroll, of St. Augustine's, Balmain ; the Rev. Father Moynagh, of St. Mary's Cathedral ; the Rev. T. O'Reilly, St. Joseph's, Balmain ; Alder- man Kenniff, Alderman Punch, Dr. Evans, and Mr. O'Sullivan. The old church in which the fair is being held has been made exceedingly attractive by the erection of the fancy stalls, and the sur- rounding festoons and bunting. When lit up on Monday evening, the scene was the very picture of an old-fashioned fayre, and the busy attend- ants at the stalls made coin while the gas was shining. One of the principal stalls is that bear- ing the sign of the Emu and Kangaroo, and it is conducted by Mrs. Smith, and Mrs. O'Sullivan, whose assistants are the Misses Tancred, Miss Fitzsimons, and Miss Cribben. A noticeable fea- ture of the handsome stall is a lyre worked in tiny shells and seaweed, by Rev. Mother De Sales, of Wollongong, and another object of note is the rich stole presented to Father O'Reilly by Mrs. O'Sullivan. Under the style of the Rose, Sham- rock, and Thistle, Mrs. Madden and Mrs. Wood conduct their well-furnished stall, assisted by Miss A. Burns, Miss L. Madden, Miss K. Mad- den., Miss Reynolds, Miss Walshe, and Miss Keating. The stall held by Mrs. Kelly and Mrs. Allen is under French and Irish flags, and it is stocked with a pleasant variety of useful and fancy articles. The sign of tho Old Blue Gum in over the choir stall, and among the lady members of the choir who are most active in working for the bazaar may be mentioned the Misses O'Con- nor, Miss Brady, Miss Cullen, and Miss Ward. The Harp and Horseshoe is the sign of the stall under the management of Miss M'Glinn and Mrs. Raleigh, who have for their assistants the Misses M'Namarra, Palmer, and Footer, and Master W. Bull. The refreshment-stall (Stars and Stripes) is conducted by Miss Madden and Miss Mahoney and Miss Dinon. Among the fair prizes is one of Raleigh's patent water-heaters for baths, &c;, which gives a constant flow of hot water almost instantly. It should command a ready sale, as it is a really useful article, and has also a very ornamental appearance. A hot bath can be had in fifteen minutes at a cost of one penny. It is shown in operation every evening, and Mr. Raleigh attends and explains the principle and working of it. Mr. Raleigh has also presented two of his gas cooking ranges, namely, the "Paragon" and "Victory." The first named is entirely new in its design, and from the perfect manner in which the heat is utilized proves the inventor to have made the application of heat for cooking purposes a special study. The "Victory" gas cooking stove is too well known to need much notice, as there are, we be- lieve, hundreds of that brand in use in the city and suburbs. As colonial inventions the three articles reflect great credit on the inventor. Father O'Reilly has been fortunate in securing the assistance of a first-rate working committee. Mr. John O'Sullivan, the hon. treasurer ; Mr. Frize, and Mr. Raleigh, the hon. secretaries ; and Messrs. J. Fitzsimons, Cavanagh, Petoro, Obis wick, Deoucie, Konniff, Radford, Madden, Shields, Ward, and Nawrott being the principal workers. We understand that the work of erecting and painting the stalls was done by Messrs. Cavanagh, Peters, Chiswick, Ward, and Desucie. The new sunlights used during the fair have been presented to the church by Messrs. Raleigh and Flood. The fair, so far, is a success in every respect, and as it will be kept open another week, afternoons and evenings, it is expected that the receipts will be very handsome, and go a good way towards re- ducing the heavy debt by which the parish is en- cumbered. It should be mentioned that the Coldstream Band, under the direction of Mr. Hyland, has been playing every night gratuit- ously. City people may spend a pleasant after- noon or evening by visiting the fair. The Rev. James Sheridan, of Camdcn, delivered an admirable and touching discourse at tho reli gious ceremony in connection with the Sisters of St. Joseph's convent. While at St. Mary'0, five or ais years ago, Father Sheridan was frequently in tho pulpib, and hio old friondo will bo glad to hear that the rev. gontleman io still tho same earnest and eloquent preacher. The ceromony to which we refer wao performod in St. Michael's, and there were some oixteen prieoto present. The opening of the new gallery in St. Joseph'o Church, Wewtown, will take placo on Sunday week. High Mass will bo celebrated, and tho sermon on the occasion will be preached by the Very Eev. D. F. Barry, O.S.B., Sector of St. John'o College. A special choir with orchestral accompanimento will asoiot. How that we are having bazaars or fairs every where ib may nob bo unintereoting to mention that ' tho Chinese Fair,' recently held in Eng land at TTewcastle-on-Tyno in aid of tho ochool of tho°Dominican Fathers was a great succeao, a large sum 'being raised. How would a Chinese fair go in this colony ? St. Maet's Cathedbal. — The Whit Sunday service was grand and imposing, for none of the elements of a religious festival in a groat cathe dral were v/anting. Tho congregation was very numerous, and the attendance of strangers of other denominations wao unusually largo. Tho Very Eov. Dr. Sheridan, Adminiobrator, was the celebrant, and Fathers Moynagh and P. M. Ryan the deacon and sub-deacon of tho High Maso. Father D. P. Quirk, M.A., preached a learned and eloquent sermon, the descent of tho Holy Ghost upon the Apoatles forming the theme of hio impressive discourse. The music was the bost heard in St. Mary'o since tho Triduum. Gounod's St. Oocolia Maao, which had boon sung with tho composer's ov/n orchestral scoring on Eaobor Sunday, was again sung i^ith tho original band parto on Sunday, and the oxoellonce of the performance in a high musical senso is boyond question. Mrs. Riley'o unfortunate absence on Ea9tor Sunday wao a great loos to the choir, but on Sunday last there v/ao no weak point. Under Mr. Hallevvoll'a direction and with the skilled orchestra ably led by Mr. W. Rico the Mease Solcnnolle wao givon from tho beautiful opening of tho Kyrie to tho graceful fiuioh of the Agnuo Doi with almoat perfect accuracy and expression, and some parto of the Maes, oopecially in tho Gloria, rose to sbooluto grandeur meffoct. Mrs. Riley, always a beautiful singer of Church music, sang excep tionally well, and the othor soloists, Mr. D. F. Kolly, Miso Stafford, and Mr. liollewell, wore never hoard in bettor voice. We aro oometirnos tempted to speak unfavourably o£ tho muoic at St. Mary's, but it io always a more agreeablo duty, ao in tho present caoe, to givo unqualified praioo when it io merited. At tho Ofl'orfcory Mr. Hulle tfoll's noble voice v/uohrard with solemn effect in tho ' Voni Gancto Spiritu.' Mr. Banks played tho organ during fcho Mass, and gtivo much aid to the band. In addition to the Muss muoic, there v/oro two special numbors, Meyerbeor'tj ' Prophot' March just boforo tho boginning of tho Mas?, and tho Hallelujah Chorus from tho Mes&iah; affcor Muss. Tho famous march was grandly playGd, and tho Hullolujab. with tho full strength of band and orchoofcra wao glorious and triumphant. . Bibmoai. Liteeatuee.— It i'b nob perhaps, ;{, generally known that a society hao boon formed in .? Sydney for the cultivation o£ the Oriental lan guages immediately connected with tho study oE; ,; tho Saerod Scriptures. Tho society ombraces a . Hebrew and a Syriac section ; each section meet» ing onto every month. Tho subscription io moroly j nominal. Further information can bo had by applying to Eov. W. Kelly, S. J., Auburn, Bourke otroot. ? , ., The InTew Archbishop op Sydney. — It .is understood (sayo tho London Tablet, April 26)s - that his Graco the Moot Rev. Dr. Moran, Arch-, biohop of Sydney, v/ho left Kilkenny for Dublin on the 14th inefc., and crossed over to England on the Tuesday evening, on his way fco Some, will return fco Ireland about tho middle of next month, to complete fche arrangements already in progress ... . for his departure towards hio far distant diocooe. It need ocarcely be added that hio Grace's dopar« turo from Oosory, no loso than from Ireland, will bo much regretted by a large circle of friends. Bt,, Thomas's, pETERGHAir.—The music per formed in this church on Whit Sunday v/as of a very high order. Ab the Offertory Herr Fran- . . cik, fcho well and favourably known violiaiot2 . ,, played Schubert's ' Avo Maria' in a stylo v?hicbs j foi'oweetnoDD of expression, precision, and delicacy, of touch, we have seldom heard equalled ; and, indeed, the grand melody, now Dwelling out3 and now fading into a far-off murmuring, wan on- ., trancing and truly devotional. Mrs. King (wee ti Miss South), who liindly gave her services, sang. , . Brager'o ' Ave Maria' with, violin obligato, .'? to v/hich oho did ample justice ; and in the sing ing of fche ' Agnuo Dei' (Webor)s Mrs. Bergen : ? sustained the olfco in good voice, while Mr.r. . , Kenny, a tenor of considerable abilifcy, sang fche - r- Hfc Incarnatuo' of Van Brea'o u Credo.' The, ' /', choruooo throughout were fairly effoefcivo, though . j nofc numerically strong. ? ...: {rTHE Hidden Gmr' Ai1 Balmain. — Oar« ,'.' dinal Wiooman'o boaufciful historical drama was produced for tho firob time for years in the Odd' :.\ follows' Hall, Ealmain, on Tuesday night laBt3 before a fashionablo audience, among whom were oovoral priests, Fathers Plncid Quirk, Byan, Hayoo, Oaooidy, and J. J. Carroll. Those who recollect old Lyndhurst will remember the various infcoreufcing scenes or thio drama, whioh. pourfcrays in vivid form tho life of St. Alexius — in. othor words fcho drama is nofc a mere imagination,, but io a dramatised version of certain facto with, which all readers of Church history are ac-- acquainted. Ifc is needloos therefore fco give the plofc. Evidently great care had been beotowed .,'; ',') in rehearsals, and much credit is certainly due to ....'.? tho stage manager, Mr. I*T. Dwyor (who also painted a portion of fche oconory), for tho cuccess '. ., r that attended his efforts. The whole intoreofe .',. # of the play of course centres in Alexius.,, ;., (known &b; Ignotua) fcho hero. Thio inv, - portant and difficult role wao ably dus» ,\ fcained by Mr. F. Shawolhood, who both . looked and acted fche character of the poor . deopioed pilgrim boy — and seomed fco be. letter:' perfect, which can hardly be oaid of ono or two, ofchoro, v/ho, but fche promptnoBD o£ nome o£ the ' . principals would havo oauoed an ugly 'flaw.' QDho part of Euphemiunus wao capitally played' r by Mr. J. 0. Hall; and Maofcor B. Lawn played ;...., Carinuo, fche boy, beautifully. Mr. J. Miller; .,'r-',' modo an oscellonfc Bibulus. His rendition of tho ,, part wao much relished by the audience, patticu- ',.-. larly by the younger portion, who were in screams . at hio villainy and feigned honesty. While speaking of fche comic characters, Mr. Tafe de- : , serves special mention. He played Dav.us,.a :,,': small part, but ho made a big ''bit' in it ;, arid, ,'; .'/ fche audience 'roared if he only looked, at themo'; ',.',.? i- Mr. F. L&wn; v/as good as C4annio ; and 'MrB ' ..' ? Dwyor made a very fino Euoebiuo. He looked .)', ; well, particularly in f.ho second, ecb. ? Mri. H. |,'; . Hall's pourfcrayal of Proculuo was good, and evi«' :' -: , dontly tho proper conception. Mr. H. do Lange, ?, ., ''' ao Ursulus, and Mr. J. O'Ke'efrG, ao Vorna, made ',' ; fche moot of tho parto allotted to them ; as did Mr0 ''» B. Finaghty, as the Chamberlain ; Mr.. . P. ' ' .','', M'Donagh, as the Officer ; and MaotorB Ellis and ' \ M'Quado, as fche Eobbtrj. A number of the. . ,' larger boys from St. Augustine's School acted' as , , i;. slaves, and had evidently been well drillod. The ''?''-. costumes were appropriate, and lookod well, and , '.'- wore supplied by Mr. Dwyer. Mius Minnie '. Gooud played fcho incidental music (whioh had '* been specially written by Mr. Shawelhood) well, ?', and Mr. W. A. Daly recited a prologue v/ritten j, i by himself. One very beautiful scene in the*''.,'.' second act was marred by the introduction of ' ' .','? burning sulphur, near fcho Coll of Alexius, imme-'^/^;,, diately after the Robber Scone. How ifc was that^ V'^ ho escaped being suffocated io marvellous.; )\ ''' The audience wero nearly ofciflod. The Angela9' |' ', ? Chorus went nicely, and fchu chorus of slaves in r''- the first act; wao fair. Altogether tho drama was ?'.'; ' V a ' cut abovo' amateur performances, and reflects ? ',»? groat credit on all concornod. Tho drama waa. preceded by a vocal and instrumental concert, in. ' } which St. Augustine's choir, Moodameo O'Connor and Fitzpatrick, Mis3eu 0'Brions M'Cann, arid .',' '?,.'.. Gooud, and Moddm. Boxhall, Shawolhood, and','' .'' M'Donagh took part. Tho variouc numbers were ' , '??' of a high character, and woro well rendered, b.uf1.^ | fcho ' gem' v?ao certainly Mioo O'Brien's rendition ' 'j'.'f' of Mutter's ' Co n'esb pas vrai,' better known^ J 'V ^ perhaps, as ' Non e vor.' Mr3. O'Connor's Eath^ C'';:' loan Mavourneon wao also much admired. , Thp''('u, choruo, ' Oomo where my love liesdroaming,''by' '.'!.' nv the choir, wont very well. Tho entertainment 'Jl^ closed at l\ o'clock, and all wont away much' '?'*.' ' delighted with their evening's amuQotnont. ''', ',' ' As this io thelaob month of fcho quartor, v/e have ' ' ' fco aak our Agonts fco collocfc all outstanding .- 'l(.( accounto and lot uo havo thoir ofca'comonto ao early .:,.?,'- 113 posaiblo. Our subscriber?, too, will oblige by ' '??''' oithor paying our Agento promptly or by remit ting here. .; ; (iil Ilizhv Over. — A utatomonfc of receipts and .];'.;i oxponditure in connection with tho Irish National . - 0 Loaguo and Parnell Toctimonial Funds of Auotra- .; ;, -,r lia has reached ua from fcho Hon. Treasurer in :?;.; Melbouvoo, Mr. Jocopb. Winter, and will oppear ?! v.oi in our noxb ioouo. . - * 'i.? ti 