BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO CHRISTIANITY. At the InLt large meeting held in Febru ary, by thk Victoric (P i.osophical) Ia-ti tute, 7, Adelph Termre, Lo n3an, a paoper was roea by the Rev. R. C. Collins, M.A., on Ba'ddism in relfion to Christianity. Refernog to the p?-alle!s betwren the persas and chraict:s of Bfddha :nd Jests l~rist, he aid':-Take, as a promin eat instance, the birth stories. I need not here give details, which are to be fonod in any modern work on B?iihis?. The sap posed mi:aJ-loce conception; tUl bringing down of Buddha from the Tudst heaven ; the Dever acknowledging his supremcy ; the presentation in the Temple: when the images of Inadr and cther gods threw themselves at his feet: the temptation by ta1:--whith legends are embellished by the modern writer I have alreoly queote, under such phrases as "Conceived by the 7io!y Ghost," - Born ef the Virgin Mayrs," "Song of the beavenly host,' - Presenta tion in the Temple and temptation in the wildenaeo-"-ncne of these is found in the early Pa!i tx!ts. The simple story of ancient ddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine of bu en?uaring, and a new way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the PI.i texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god; but the man Gantama Buddha eands alone in his strir ing after the tre emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his descndin, from Lheven, and being con ceived in the world of men, when a pretet nataral light shone over the world, the blind received eight, the dumb sang, the lJon danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embellishments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if here we re cognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things familiar to no in car IBbles we need not be as tonished, when we reflect how great must have been the influence, as I hare before hinted of the Christian story in India in the early centaries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long ezbsequently. This is a point whirh has been much overlooked; but it t is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bhagarat-Giti, a theeos. pbical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something aniqge among the prodactions of the East,containing many gemo of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Birhmaa poet and indicating as plainly th'ir origin as do the stories of his life en the asaoa- Bhmrats ; so that it has not unreasonably been cooclded that the story of Krishna weas inserted in the .laa?k-Bhamlta to furnish a divine sanction to the Bhgar?=?Giti. If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christ ian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forcedl ito?llf into th great'Hinda epic, and wasat the foundation of the most remarkasbl p'em that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find simila-ly bor rowed and imitated wonders in the later Buadhist stories clao? Several Home and Colonial applications to join the Institute as guinea Subscribers were received, and its object being to icrestiget: all philoso. phical and scientific qTeotiOae, speelatly any said to militate against the truth if the Bible,-}a discussion ensoud in which Sir. Hormazd iaseam, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, Mir. Coles, an earnest student of the question daring 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Professor Rhys Dovids, and others took part. All agreeing in and coo firming the statements of ir. Collins' paper. Dr. Leitner trought a large nnm. ber of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculptures, showing the first intra duotion of the Christian story into those manaments between about the second and tenth centuries, as. he pointed cut the value of such additional confirmation of r, Collins' etitements, 