\ LINGERING SUPERSTITIONS. 1 ( From the Melbourne Arjjus.) It is universally admitted that we are an advanced and enlightened people. This judgment applies generally to Australians, but in this colony is considered to have special application to Victorians. We walk in th^ foremost files of time, and we lead the great march of humanity. The belief is assiduously maintained by some of the leaders of local public opinion, that the attention of the effete nations of Europe, and particularly of Great Britain, is concen trated! on our politics and legislation, in the hope of deriving some hints for their own guidance. In all departments of intellectual and practical life, we represent the most advanced* stage yet attained by progressive mankind. And yet with all this triumphant achieve ment, it is odd how many survivals of queer old-world superstitions linger on among us. The advertisements in some journals seem to indicate that a considerable number of people, all apparently women, manage to gain a livelihood by unveiling the secrets of futurity, plentifully spangled with fortunes and husbands to the confiding women upon whose! faith these sibyls live. About the time when the excitement of the racing carnival is at its height, a large number of otherwise sensible people are found to back outside horses on the strength of an alleged dream' of some sporting seer, which has in some way or other found its way into print. We^liave, or have had, our spiritualistic manifestations quite as remarkable as those in other countries. We have several miracle ? workers, who cure all kind of diseases by the simple la3'ing on of hands, aud some are believed to find the exercise of their miraculous gifts a very lucrative occupation. As to the nature of the testimony by which these wonders are supported, here is a passage taken from a recent Adelaide paper, describing some cures of this kind effected by a ' healer ' named. Wood : — The first person who spoke announced that he had seen a barmaid who was suffering' from an ? ulcreated throat aud low fever completely relieved ox these jcompjaints by Mr.^Wood,' although they had resisted i .medical and^ hydropathic treatment. The girl hjidi formerly beeii unaHe to eat, but immedi ately after her interview with Mr. Wood she found horsplf quite able to partake of food. Mrs. Morgan, the directress of tho hydropathic establishment, Hurtle-square, then recounted how sho had been ?' suffering from heart-diseaso for the last twenty years, and that .the pain had been subjected to was fearful ; but since Mr. Wood had exercised his power m regard to her, all the pain had disappeared, aud 3he was better than she had been for years. A half caste, next informed those present that he had been suffering from a severe cold, and one application of Mt*. Wood's hands had removed the ailment ; but it returned the next day, because he lost his temper with a fellow-beiug. He prayed to the Lord to re move it,, but ho chastened him for him for sin, and would not do so. Then in the evening he again saw Mr. Wood, aud again ho was cured. I will be seen that one wituess to the efficacy of the powers, possessed by Mr. Wood is directress of a rival curative agency, aud still she believes. Of course, like the rest of the world, Mr. Woood has his failures, one of which he accounted for by the want of belief, nob of the patient, but, what seems rather hard, by that of her husbaud. He also has his successes ; and perhaps it would be thought irrelevant to mention that immediately after one of his most success fill/ cases the cured patient suddenly aud consequences of his work, of which the following is a sample. It is given iu a teie gram from Adelaide : — A womau named Mary Smith Faulk, who is married and is thirty-seven yeai*3 old, was com mitted to tho lunatic asylum at the Port Adelaide police court this morniug on account of her suffering from n ligious mania, the result of attending Mr. Wood's Ministry of Healing. The woman presented a sad spectacle. Her husband strongly denounced Mr. Wood. Not to be outdone iu the command of the miraculous and supernatural there are, we believe,! spiritualist ' healers ' who only require! a hair of the patient to be sent to them by letter, and by the simple process of invoking the spirit of Galen or even iEscu Japius, they readily obtain a correct diagnosis of the disease aud an infallible remedy. It is only due we presume to the superior modesty of the spiritualists that their cures have not been noised about as loudly as those of the healers by religious power. Now here it would seem we have a case to which the modern system of combined business is highly applicable. There is a community of character running through all these methods. Would it not be much better if they were to be combined in oue vast- business situated in central aud suit ably imposing premises ? By joining all their efforts these artists, whose business it is to foster and to profit by the believing faculty of niaukiud, would find their hands materially strengthened. would be in the power of the ' mammoth combination ' to secure the best talent available. Several old and warranted queens of the gipsies could be readily imported from England, so that our servant girls could have . their for tunes told iu the most approved fashion. A number of the best spiritualist mediums could bo engaged from America ; and pro bably since his unlucky accident at Vienna, which unbelievers designated ' exposure,' the distinguished Mr. Bastian might be pre vailed iipon to transfer his talents to the Antipodes. The best miracle-workers and healers would be engaged regardless of ex pense, and also, as the institution would be based on uns^ctarian principles, regardless of the faith or creed in the name of which their cures were accomplished. A couple of Warwickshire' crones who, out of the mys tical lore of age, would be able to tell the meaning of the many Bigns and. omens by which old ladies of bo^h sexes are so often troubled and perplexecl, would be imported ; and efforts would be made to engage in time for. the spring racing season, a dreamer about the winner of the Melbourne Cup, who would be able to impart to his dreams the elements of the florid and the pictur esque requisite to engage the attention of the public. The establishment would of course devote a department to the sale of aanrit- rapping and fortune-telling literature. Afid?in these days' when ghosts are looking up in the market, it may be anticipated that the old and wealthy families of the colony will come to consider a domestic ghost as an appurtenance without which no gentleman's mansion can be regarded as complete. Should this taste develope, as it reasonably may be expected to do, the establishmeni we are considering would no doubt make arrangements for meeting the demand. It is evident that such . an emporium would supply a great want. Iuaymuch as i! : ' ? ? ! people in every community are animated by this craving for the wonderful, it is only right that their requirements should be supplied in the most business-like, fashion. And it would surely be better that they should obtain what they require by going to a palatial place of business, where their ailments, known and unknown, might be instantaneously cured, their fortune told, their bumps felt, and two characters — one a phrenological, and the other a physiog nomical one — furnished them, together with an infallible dream tip for tho next Cup, a spiritual communication from their grand mother, and a copy of Napoleon's Book of Fate given in, than that respectable people in pursuit of these objects should have now to explore dingy back lanes in the suburbs, in search of an advertised address, or to take tips on the authority of random hear say statements in a newspaper, or to have to submit to the ignominy of being miracu lously healed in public in presence of a miscellaneous crowd. It is the province of civilisation, and we may add of business, to supply every want which it developes. Hero is an obvious want, and here, it seems, is the way to meet it. Luminous Paint. — The connexion be tween earthquakes aud luminous paint, remarks Iron, - would hardly be apparent to anyone without explanation. It neverthe less exists, and the recent earthquake in our own country has served to remind us of its existence. As a ' matter of fact, the Pioneer Paint Company, who are working Balmain's luminous paint patents, send large consignments of this paint to those' countries -where earthquakes are prevalent. The use to which it is put invests it with the utmost importance just for the few critical moments of the shock. -In the Phillipine Island, where earthquakes are not uncommon, small metallic plates coated with luminous paint are. so ^placed about, tho premises that at the first warning, the inmates are quickly guided to the door, aud thus to r the street. In Manilla it is laid on in patches about the bedrooms and staircases, serving as guides for the door handles and the stairs, night-lights being eonsidered especially dangerous as likely to set fire to the falling house, aud thus to roast the inmates in their own homes. It follows that those who live in districts likely to be visited by earthquakes will do well to adopt this plan, and to burn no flame-lights at night, especially iu the case ot gas, the pipes lor which might be broken asunder, and the gas escape and take lire. The gas should bo turned off at the main, nightly, and luminous labels be so placed as to indicate the door-handles and other guides to the maih point of egress, which would enable the residents to find their way out of their houses in the dark before the walls perchance buried them. It will be remembered that at Ischia there was just sufficient time between the first shock of the earthquake and 'the downfall of th e Grand Hotel to permit those who acted promptly to save their lives. This modest and feeble illuminant, this ' cold light,' ^aay be tho means of saving a few seconds of ^-rccious time, and many precious lives. A recently suggested application of Balmain's paint is in connexion with it IS piropobecl to use it oo. gradient boarO^ to guide the engine-drivers on dark nights -n regulating their speed. Dispersal of Refuse. — An interesting experiment is being made iu Now York, with a view to the utilisation of the street sweepings and house refuse of that city. A large machine has been erected by a joint stock company at the East Kiver wharf of the street-cleaning department, which sifts and reduces to its elements all refuse of whatever description, which is brought to it. The average amount of stuff which is brought to this wharf is estimated at 40 loads per diem, but it is claimed that the machine could deal with more than three times that amount in a working day of 10 hours. By au ingenious arrangement all scraps of paper, rag, coal, cinder, glass, iron, &c.;, become separated ; these are afterwards sold, with the exception of the coal and cinder, which are used for firing the engine. The projectors estimate that every load of 1,8001b. of refuse contains about 400 lb. of coal and cinder, which is more than sufficient for their own purposes. The residuum refuse is cremated, and the ashes are discharged into the sea. So far, it is said, the experiment has proved an entire success, aud the promoters anounce their intention of having machines at every city wharf to utilise all the refuse of the street-cleaning department, with profit to themselees and the city. Should these anticipations prove well founded, a solution will be offered of a problem which has long perplexed New York. The system of the disposal of refuse which now prevails is most unsatisfactory, the whole of it being carried some little way out to sea in scows and then discharged. Year after year the pilots raise warning cries respecting tho enormous injury which is being done to the harbour's mouth by the accumulation of ashes and street dirt there, and a radical change of method has long been sought. — Iron. Four well- dressed men entered a London tavern and had dinner. When the moment came to pay they said that they had no money with them, but would leave a valuable diamond ring. A few days later they called settling the previous account, had another dinner, talked to^he proprietor, and finally sold him the ring for £55. He considered that he had made a good bargain, because he had taken the ring to a jeweller, who pro nounced it to be worth £100. The guests, however, had on their second visit substituted an imitation fac-simile for the genuine ring, and that made all the difference. ' According to the testimoinial of the wit- ! nesses you were caught just as you 'were j getting out of the window, with the contents ' of the till in your pocket. Now, what excuse have you got ?' and the judge leaned back in his chair very complacently. ' I know it, judge, and I shall always be greteful to the man who caught me. When I have these somnambulistic fits I am in danger of .. falling out of windows and hurting myself.' ' This idea never occurred to me,' remarked the judge, pensively. ' It is often occurred to me,' remarked the prisoner, with uncon scious humor. ' That being the case I will direct the sheriff ? ' 'To turn me loose ?' ?' No, but to have an extra bar put across your cell-window for fear you may fall out.' | ? j . i PRE -HISTORIC MAN IN EGYPT AND SYRIA. A Gala meeting was held by the Victoria Philosophical Institute of London in the second week in May, at which its members gave a worthy welcome to Vice-Chancellor Dawson, C.M.G., of Me Gill University. Montreal, at whose instance the British Association visits Canada this year. The Society of Arts kindly lent its premises for the ocoasion, and its great theatre was crowded in every part long before the hour of meeting. The chair was taken by Sir H. Barkley, G.C.M.G., Iv.C.B., F.B.S., who — after the new members had been an nounced by Captain F. Petrie, the secretary — welcomed Dr. Dawson amid loud applause, and asked him to deliver his address. It was on ' Prehistoric Man in Egypt and Syaia,' and was illustrated by large dia grams, also flint imj)lements and bones col lected by Dr. Dawson himself on the spot during his winter tour in the East; Pro fessor Boyd-Dawkins, F.R.S., kindly assisted in the classification of the bones. In deal ing with his subject, Dr. Dawson remarked that great interests attached to any remains which, in countries historically so o£d, may in dicate the residence of man before the dawn of history. In Egypt, nodules of fliut are very abundant in the eocene limestones, and, where these have been wasted away, remain on the surface. In many places there is good evidence that the flint thus to- be found everywhere has been, and still is, used for the manufacture of flakes, knives, and other implements. These, as is well known, were used for many purposes by the ancient Egyptians, and in modern times gun-flints and strike- lights still continue to be madf). The debris of worked flints found on the surface is thus of little value as an indication of any flihfc-folk preceding the old Egyptians. It would be otherwise if flint implements could be found in the 'older gravels- of the country. Some of these are of pleistocene age, and belong to a period oi partial submergence of the Nile Valley,. Flint implements had been alleged to be found in these gravels, but there seemed to be no good evidence to prove that they are other than the chips broken by mechanical violence in the removal of the gravel by torrential action. In the Lebanon, numerous caverns exist. These were divided into two classes, with reference to their origin ; some being water-caves or tunnels of subterranean rivers, others sea caves, excavated by the waves when the. country was at a lower level than at present. Both kinds have been occupied by man, and some of them undoubtedly at a time anterior of the Phoenician occupation of the country, and even at a time when the animal inhabitants and geographical features of the region were different from those of the pre sent day. They were thus of various ages, ranging from the post-glacial or antedilu vian period to the time of. the Phoenician occupation. Dr. Dawson then remarked that many geologists in. these days had -an aversion to using the word ' Antediluvian,!' on account of the nature of the work which, iu years now gone by, 'Unlearned people had attributed to tho Flood described in Scrip ture ; but as the aversion to the use of that woard was, he thought, no&^lled for in these days, he hopecHt^wcu^ Way. Speak ing as a *iv-^eological , 'IB^^^ouB^^omatrrMre' wai 'Ifo H doubt but what there was conclusive evi defice that betwMn the time of tho first occupation of these caves by men — and they wero men of a splendid physique — and the appearance of the early Phcenician inhabi tants of the land, there had been a vast submergence of land, and a great catas trophe, aye a stupendous one, in which even the Mediterranean had been altered from a small sea to its present size. In illustration of this, the caverns at the pass of Nahrel Kelb and at Ant Elias were described in some detail, and also, in connection with these, the occurrence of flint implements on the surface of modern sandstones at the Cape or Kas near Beyrout; these last were probably of much less antiquity than those of the more ancient caverns. A discussion ensued, which was taken part in by a num ber of distinguished Fellows of the Royal Society, including Sir. H. Barkly, F.Pt.S., Professors Wiltshire, F.R.S., Warrington Smyth, F.R.S., Rupert Jones, F.R.S. ; Colonel Herschel, F.R.S. , the talented son of the late Sir John Herschel ; Dr Rae, ' F.R.S., the Arctic explorer ; Dr. Dawson, F.R.S. ; Mr. D. Howard, the vice-president of the Chemical Institute, and other . geologists. A little girl joyfully assured her mother the other day that she had found out where they made horses. She; had seen a man finishing one — ' He was hailing on his last foot,' she said. \ \ One of Sir Boyle Roche's invitations to an Irish nobleman was raither equivocal. He wrote, ' I hope, my lord, if you ever come within a mile of my house you will stay there all night.' ! t A reporter coming into: court somewhat late, and, finding his post occupied, looked round in despair. At last he said aloud: ' What, will no one give me a place ?' The prisoner, who overheard him, replied : 'Yes, you may change places with me if you like.' A general titter ran round the court, and the prisoner appeared greatly to enjoy the appreciation of his Ion mot. There are now 52,000 growing .trees in Washington, placed at regular intervals along 125 miles of streets. It is said that the scales for woighing gold in the assay office at New York are so delicate that, when brought to a balance with two pieces of paper of equal size in ths pans, the mere writing of a name on one of the pieces will add enough weight in the paper to turn the scales in its favour. In Java they are not disposed to lose the benefits, if benefits they can really be called, of he recent volcanic disturbances. The farmers are collecting the ashes thrown up during the eruption of the volcano Krakatoa, and it is said that they form a very excellent fertiliser. There is nothing like making the best of a bad job ! Military authorities say that 1000 of the best English soldiers with the improved arms can do ten times the execution that was done twenty years ago. An Austin man, who has just got out a book of PQems, met Gilhooly, and the following proceedings were had : — ' Did you read my book?' 'Oh! yes, I read it.' ' How did you like it ?' ' My dear sir, I assure you that I laid it aside with a great deal of pleasure. i : : i ? . : : 