A CHAPTER ON FIBBING. BY AN OLD FIBBIST. While engaged in turning over the contents of a box that bad been stowed in an out of the way and long forgotten corner, a man that bad evidently long passed that golden period that is generally Bpoken of as the prime of life, sud denly came upon (promiscuously as that :venerable dame Mrs. Partington would bave remarked) a bundle of old letters - that, from their antiquated and mildewed appearance, bore evidence they had reached the stage that is so forcibly .expressed by the words "in the sere and yellow leaf of time." Yellow with age . they undoubtedly were while the faded appear ance of the ink with the stiff crabbed character of the old fashioned writing, dating back to the good old days when George the Third was king, did much to corroborate the antiquity of their outward form. The quaint style the writers had of conveying their thoughts to paper would have caused a passing smile over the features of the youths and maidenB of the present day, while the sage advice the sheets contained with reupeot>.to the men and manners of the time Would scarcely now accord with the notionB that are entertained be the rising _ gen eration with regard to that freedom and liberty Bnd speech they considet to be their inherent right. The Bingular made the writers had of commencing their letters, almoBt identical one Drith the other would lead to the supposition that it was the stereotyped fashion of the time ; com mencing as they did somewhat in this manner " Hoping these few lines may find you in as good health as they leave me at present, thanks be to God for it." The above words brought back to the memory of the reader the recollection of many little incidents of his early years that bad long since passed from his mind, as he thought, for ever; and amongst them was one that bore strongly upon the subject that he has attempted to commit to paper. At a table on which was placed a well worn writing desk, with the usual accompani ments of pens, ink, and paper, and the inBepar 'able Snuff mull, wellstored with Scotch rappee or other snuffing mixture, in close proximity to her-hand, was seated an aged lady in one of the big!i straight-backed armchairs, then the fashion of the times, with cap on head and spectacles on nose, busily engaged in writing a homily to some scapegrace grandson or other relative; while -peering over the shoulders of the venerable dame . stood a sturdy urchin, o'er whose^ head ten summers had scarcely passed, gazipp; intently at the crabbed character of the writing aB the strokes Were made by the inevitable goose quill. ;Inca pause that ensued to enable the writer to take a refresher from lier snuff mull he suddenly gave vent to his thoughts. "Grandam, do you always give thanks, when you write letters P" "miy do you ask child r" was the curt reply. " Because you wrote down 1 thanks be to God but you didn't say any." " It's the fashion, "child,' to ' commence letters in* that way." V-Theni 'grandam, there isn't any harm if I tell a fib when it's in the fashion, is there P" "Tut, tut, child ; run awa', run awa'," branching into her mother tongue, as she usually did on becom ing ' excited. She called to the ancient hand maiden, who usually filled the various occupa tions of housekeeper, nurse, general adviser, and ruler of the establishment, "Janet, tak' this bov awa', and send him to bed supperlues the nicht for hiB wickedness" "I wull, ma leddy," was Janet's response ; and catching the culprit by the arm with a grip like a Equeeze from a vice, she led hira to durance vile. "There" was the first salutation he received on arriving at the Banctum that none dared enter without her permission. "There, ye've doon it the noo, master Jock ; nae a bit o' oat cake wull ye get this blessit nicht, for I promised the grandam, an I'll tto break my word." "Not a little bit, Janet P" "Not<abite ye'll no getthe nicht." "Oh, Janet," continued the culprit knowing that he could twist the good old soul round his little finger for it was her hands that took him on his entrance into the world as waB the, case with his father before him. " How hungry I shall be to-morrow I" "Aye, aye, Master Jock, ye ken weel boo ta git roond an' od boddy lik Janet the Bame as yere^forbear did in lang syue." And fishing the key up from her capacious pocket she opened the old oak closet that contained the cake and sweets, so dear to childish mouths, and after handing him a liberal supply of both, added the .injunction, "Eat awa', noo;eat awa, an'i ye'll no be hungry the morn; for min', Maester Jock, ye'll no be gettin' any mae the nicht." ifihetook her departure, probably to vent herspleett jon .eome of the luckless maids and doubltess well pissed at the manner she had carried out the commands of her mistress. The recipient of the cake and sweets, although but young, was of an enquiring turn of mind, and while engaged in causing them to rapidly disappear from sight, was at the same time turning over in his little brain how easily it was to tell an untruth, when, by a little finessing, it could be converted into what might be termed a fib, and how frequently in every day life is such brought vividly before our notice. This points to the necessity of im pressing upon the youthful mind that " the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth," is the only proper and safe course, to follow, and that no deviation from, or finessing with it, is permissible. If the above course was more frequently pursued by parents the habit of " Btory telling"-a mild term for lying-would be very considerably checked ; and unless that is done fibbing, or whatever it is called, becomes so habitual as to flow more glibly from their lips " than the truth itself. Even a certain section of our clergymen aid and abet in many a fib being told under the specious cloak of a religious ob servance. Take as an instance' the catechism as tnade use of in the Church of England service-a child is asked " What did your Godfathers'and . Godmothers then do for you P They did promise and vow three things in my name, first, that I -renounce the Devil and all his works, the pomps and vanities of. this wicked world, and all the einful lusts of the flesh-secondly, that I should believe all the articles of the Christian, faith and thirdly that I should keep God's holy will and com-i islandmelits and walk in> the;'same, all th'e'days of my life." Turning to the ceremony of baptism: we find the clergyman speaking j. to the god 'fathers "'-and" godmothers"'in' tliis wise ''Dearly beloved, ye have brought this child here to be baptised, ye have *prayed that .our,Lord^ would\\{jreMive^|/i^?i, to release hivi ot his sins, to sanctify 7dm with the Eoly Ghost, to give him. the kingdom of heaven and everlasting life. .I demand,-therefore, dost thoa, tin the name of this child, renounce the Devil 'and ali bis woiks, and the vain pomps and glory of the world 9" ".I renounce them all.!' " Wilt thou' then obediently keep God's holy will and commandments 'aud walk ia 'the same all the days of thy life ?" " I will." " Foras much as this child hath! promised^ by you, his sureties, to renounce the Devil and all his wot ks, to beHeve in God, and; to serve Him, ye must remember that it is yoni? parts andr.iiuiias to see that this infant be taught so soon as he shall be able to learn, what! a solemn vow, promise, and profession he hath here made by you." Now, it may be asked, how.many god fathers or godmother^ evei1 gave one single thought to the above solemn promises made by them;~after leaving God's house, or "who paid the slightest attention to the bringing up. of the child they professed to stand sponsors for? If tho promises are to be looked upon as a mere matter of form the'ceremony is simply ai mockery and conducive'to fibbing in its worBt form, and the sooner it is abolished the better. The episode in Waster. Jock's youthful days is in no wise a fictitious one, but an event that really happened in the words as above narrated ; and if in after life a carelessness of truth had grown upon him be might safely have ascribed it to. the first leasOn in dissimulation thathe had received in his early days. ' August 15. ~ 