MALVERN EXTENSION. GBEAT LAND SALE, ON SEPTEMBER 6. JOHN WESLEY ON EDUCATION.—Ye venerable men, who are more especially called to form the tender minds of Youth, to dispel thence the ignorance and error, and train them to be wise unto salvation. Are you " filled with the Holy Ghost" with all those " fruits of the Spirit," which your important office so indispensably requires ? Is your heart whole with God ? Full of love and zeal to set up His kingdom on earth ? Do you continually remind those under your care, that the one rational end of all our studies is to know, love and serve, the only true God and Jesus Christ, whom he hath sent. Do you inculcate upon them day by day, that love alone never faileth (whereas, whether there be tongues, they shall fail; or philosophical knowledge, it shall vanish away), and that without love, all learning is but splendid ignorance, pompous folly, vexation of spirit. Has all you teach an actual tendency towards God, and all mankind for His sake ? Have you an eye to this end, in whatever you prescribe ? The kind, the manner, and the measure of their studies, desiring and labouring that, wherever the lot of these young soldierB of Christ is caBt, they may be so many burning and shining lights, adorning the Gospel of Christ in all things Let it not be said that I speak here as if all under your care were intended to be clergymen. Not so: I only speak as if they were all intended to be Christians. Are all the Magistrates, all heads and governors of colleges and halls, and their respective societies (not to speak of the inhabitants of the town) of one heart and one soul ? . . . I entreat you to observe, that the question moved, is concerning undoubted fundamental branches of our common Christianity. MALYERN EXTENSION. HIGHEE THAN ANT PART OF NOETH ADELAIDE A SUBE CUBE FOB SMALLPOX.—A correspondent of the Stockton Herald (America) gives the following as a cure for Bmallpox :—" I herewith append a recipe which lias been used to my knowledge in hundreds of cases. It will prevent or cure smallpox, even though the pittings are filling. When Jeuner discovered the cowpox in England, the world of science hurled an avalanche of fame on his head, but when the most scientific school of medicine in the world—that of Paris—published this recipe as a panacea for smallpox it passed unnoticed It is as unfailing as fate and conquers in every instance, It is perfectly harmless when taken by a well person, It will also cure scarlet fever. Here is the recipe as I have used it and cured many children of scarlet fever, Here it is as I have used it to cure smallpox when learned physicians said the patient must die :—Sulphate of zinc. 1 grain ; foxglove (digitalis), 1 grain ; 1 half teaspoonful of sugar; mix with two tablespoonf uls of water. When the above has been thoroughly mixed add 4 oz. of water; take a teaspoonful every hour. Either disease will disappear in twelve hours. For a child, smaller doses ac cording to age. If counties would compel physicians to use this there would be no need of pesthouses. If you value advice and experience use this for that terrific scourge." So many remedies for Indigestion and all the diS' eases of the digestive organs are before the public, but the best remedy and the one w hich cures is Cross's Indigestion Drops.—.1 dvt, Wnv is an omnibus strap like conscience? it is an inward check on the outward man. Because SOCIETY is very queer. The people most sought after are those who do not pay their debts. A SMALL boy, who threw a brick at a hornet's nest one day last summer to see what they'd do, and found out in less than hnlf a minute after he let go the brick refused not long ago to accompany his mother to a quilting bee. MALVERX EXTENSION. SITUATED OPPOSITE UNLET PAKE. A JTIIY declared lhat the man had conic to his death " by an unknown wagon." About on a par with this is the Milwaukee verdict respecting a man wiio had been crushed to death in a mill, when the jury remarked " No blame can be attached to the machinery." TIIEUE are ( ruths which are like songs of birds in the air ; it is possible to hear but not possible to transcribe them.—Lyman Ahhott. IN BRAZIL diamonds arc found on mountains 6,000 feet above the sea. This is what makes them so high MALVERN EXTENSION. REAL PHOPKRTT TITLE.—PAY OFF ANY TIME, LET friendship creep gently to a height; if it rushes to it, it may soon run itself out of breath.—Fuller. " WHAT I want," says Raphael, in King6ley's Hypatia, " is, not to possess religion, but to have a religion that shall possess me." WE shall be free from temptation only when we are free from sin. We shall be free from evil desires only when we are pure in heart— Golden Mule. felT "Bccnr- PAiiu."—Quick, complete cure, all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. At druggists. F. H. Faulding it Co., Agents, Adelaide. WE are never without a pilot. When we know not how to steer, and dure not hoist a sail, we can drift. The current knows the way, though we do not. The ship of heaven guides itself, and will not accept a wooden rudder.—Ralph Waldo Emerson, SWEET with persuasion, eloquent In passion, cool in argument. ? J. O. Whittier. 43° DECLINE OK MAN.—Nervous Weakness, Dyspepsia Impotence, Sexual Debility, cured by "Wells' Health Renewer." At druggists. F. H. Faulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide. CHEIBTIANITY is its own beBt evidence. Give us more and more of real Christianity and we shall need less and less of its evidences. " Ye are my witnesses," says Christ to His disciples. One truly Christian life will do more to prove the Divine origin of Christianity than many lectures. Hence, it is of much greater importance to develop Christian character, than to exhibit Christian evidences.—J. Monro Gibson. WINTER does not belong to death, although the outside of it looks like death. Beneath the snow the grass is growing. Below the frosts the roots are warm and alive. Winter is only a spring too weak and feeble for us to see that it is living. The cold does for all things, what the gardener has sometimes to do for valuable trees ; he must half kill them before they will bear any fruit. Winter is, in truth, the small beginning of spring. George Macdonald. 