Chapter XIII.—A. Busy Sunday for the Matchjns. yere no^ going on pleasantly in the Matcbm cottage. Maud's success in gainmg an eligible position, as it was re garded among her friends, made her at once an object of greater interest than ever; bat temper had not improved with her cir» cumstaDcePj and she showed herself no mora accessible than before. . Her father, who naturally felt a certain satisfaction at having, as he thought, established her ?° ^f1-' re8arded himself as justified ; in talking to her firmly and seriously respecting her future. He went about it in the only way he knew. "Mattie," he said one evening, when they happened to be alone together, when are you and Sam going to make a match?" 6 She lifted her eyes to him, and shot out a look of anger and contempt from under her long lashes that made her father feel verv small and old and shabby. "Never!" she said quietly. ..."Come, come, now," said the old man; just listen to reason. Sam is a good bjv, and with what he makes and what you make- " J "That has nothing to do with it. I won't discuss the matter aDy further. We have had it all out before. If it is ever mentioned agam, Sam or I will leave this house." ' Hoity-toity, Missy! is that the way you take good advice ? But she was gone before he could say another word. Saul walked up and down the room a few moments, taking very short steps, and solacing his mind by mutter ing to himself. "Well, that's what I get by hayirg a scholar m the family. Learning goes to the m aa .and the heels—makes 'em proud and skittish." F 1 He punctually communicated his failure to asm, who received the news with a sullen quietness that perplexed still more the puzzled carpenter. On a SundayafternooD, a few days later, h received a visit from Mr. Bott, whom he wel comed with great deference and some awe, as an ambassador from a ghostly world of un known digDity. They talked in a stiff arid embarrassed way for some time about the weather, the prospect of a rise in wa»o3, and other such matters, neither obviously taking any interest in what was being said. Suddenly Bott drew nearer and lowered his voice, though the two were alone in the shop. "Mr. Matcbin," he said, with an uneasy grm, "I have come to see you about your daughter." Matchin looked at him with a auick sus picion. "Well, who's got anything to say agaiaat my daughter ?" " Ob, nobody that I know of," said Bott, growiDg suspicious in his turn. " Has any thing ever been said against her. " Not as I know," said Saul, " Well, what have you got to say ?" " I wanted to ask how you would like me as a son in-law ?" said Butt, wishing to brin^ matters to a decision. ° Saul stood for a moment without words in his astonishment. He bad alvajs Bott as "a professional character." even as a literary maD," he bf-d nevei' coped for so . lofty an alliance. And yet he could not say that he wholly liked it. This was a strange creature-highly gifted, doubtless, but hardly comfortable. Hcwasioo "thick" withghos's. One scarcely knew whether he spent most of his time " on earth or in hell," as Saul crudely phrased it. The faint smell of phosphorus that he carried about with him, which was only due to his imperfect ablutions after his feaDCfs, impressed Saul's imagination as going to show that Bott was a little too inti mate wi»h the underground powers. He stood chewing a shaving and weighing the matter in his mind a moment before ho answered. He thought to himself, " After ati, he is making a living. I have seen as much as five dollars at one of his seeunsss." But the only reply he was able to make to Bott's point blank question was :— " Well, I dunno." The words were hardly encouraging, but the tone was weakly compliant. Bott felt that his cause wbb gained, and thought he mi*ht chaffer a little. " Of course," he said," I would like to have a few things understood, to start with. I am very particular in business matters." said Saul, who began to think that this was a very systematic and methodical maD. " I em able to support a wife, or I would not ask for one," said Bott. • "Exactly,"said Saul, with'effusion;" that's just what I was saying to myself." . " °]l> sou was I" said Bott scowling and hesitating. "You was, was you!" Then, after a moment's pause, in which ha eyed Saul attentively, he continued, " Well that s so. At the same time I am a business man, and I want to know what you can do for your girl." ^ "Not much of anything, Mr. Bott, if you must know. Mattie is makin' her own liv ing." for tofboSl®"8 SU rlghK D°eS Sh° pay you "Look here, Mr. Bott, that ain't none of your business—yet, anyhow. She don't pay no board while she stays here; but that ain't nobody's business." " Oh, no offence, sir, none in the world, unly 1 am a business man, and don't want misunderstandings. So she don't? And I suppose you don't want to part with your last child—now, do you? It's like breaking your heart-strings, now, ain't it?" he said, in his most sentimental lecture voice. " Well, no, I can't say it is. Mattie's wel com® id my house while I live, but of course shell leave me some day, and I'll wish her joy." Why should that be? My dear sir, why should that be?" Bott's voice grew greasy with sweetness and persuasion. " Why not all Jive together? I will be to ycu as a son. Maud will soothe your declining years. Let it be as it it. Father Saul» The old carpenter looked up with a keen twinkle of his eye. "You and your wife would like to board withus when you are married? Well, mebbe we can arrange that." This was not quite what Bott expected, but he thought best to say no more on that subjecu for the moment. Saul then asked the question that had all along been hoveriDg on his lips. "Have you spoke to Mattie yet?" The seer blushed andsimpered. "I thought mAiutyt0 sPeak first to you; but I do not doubt her heart," " Ob, you don't J" saidSanl, with a world of meaniDg, ."You'd better find out. You'll find her in the house." Botfc^ went to the house, leaving Saul pondering. Girls were queer cattle. Had Mattie given her word to this slab sided, lanky fellow? Had she given Sam Sleepy the mitten for him ? Perhaps she Hted 'h.; elpry of being Mrs. Professor Bott. Well, she could do as she liked ; but Saul swore softly to himself, "If Bott comes iir '6 n me k° s g°fc to pay his board." Meanwhile the seer was walking, not with out some inward perturbation, to the house, where his fate awaited him. It would have been hard to find a man more confident and more fatuous; but even such fools as he have their moments of doubt and faltering wheu they approach the not altogether known. Ha had not entertained the slightest question of Maud's devotion to him tho night she asked from him the counsel of the spirits; but he had seen her several times since that, and she had never renewed the subject. He was in two j*kout :it. Sometimea he imagined she might have changed her purpose; and then he would comfort himself with the more natural supposition that maiden modesty had been too much for ber, and that she was anxiou-ly awaiting his proffer. He had at last girded up his loins like a man, and determined to know his doom. He had first ascertained the amount of Maud's salary at the library, and then, as we see, had endeavored to provide for his subsistence at Saul's expense; and bow nothing was wanting but the maiden's consent He trembled a little, but it was more with hope than fear. He could not make himself believe that there was any daDger—-but he wished it were over and all were well. He paused as he drew near the door. He was conscious that his hands were jii.agreeably cold and moist. He took out his handkerchief and wiped them, rubbing them briskly together, though the day was clear and warm and the perspiration stood beaded on his forehead. But there was no escape. He knocked at the door, which was °PfDcd by Maud in person, who greeted him with a free and open kindness that restored his confidence. They sat down together, and Maud chatted gaily and pleasantly about the weather ond the news. A New York girl, the daughter of a wealthy furrier, was reported in the newspaper as about to marry the third son of an English earl. Maud discussed the advantages of the match on either side as if she had been the friend from childhood of both parties. Suddenly, while she was talking about the forthcoming wedding, the thought occurred to Bott, "Mebbe this is a hint for me;" and he plunged into his avowal. Turning hot and cold at once, and wringing his moist bands as he spoke, he said, taking everything for granted. " Miss Mand, I have seen your father, and he gives his consent, and you have only to say the word to make us both happy." "What?" Anger, surprise, and contempt were all in the one word and in the flashing eyes of the young woman, as she leaned back in her rocking-chair and transfixed her unhappy suitor, "Why, don't you understand me? I mean-—" .. "Oh, yes, I see what you mean? But I don't mean; and if you had come to me, I'd have saved you the trouble of going to my father." "Now, look here," he pleaded, "you ain't a-going to take it that way, are you? Of course, I'd have come to 70U first if I had 'a thought you'd preferred it. All I wanted was " "Ob," said Maud, with perfect coolness and malice—for in the last moment she had begun heartily to hate Bott for his pre sumption—" I understand what you want. But the question is what I want—and I don't want you." The words, and still the more cold, mono tonous tone in which they were uttered, stung the dull blood- of the cod jurer|to anger. His mud-colored face became slowly mottled with red. "Well, then," ho said, " what did you mf an by .coming and consulting the sperrits, Eaying you was in love with a gentleman—" Maud flushed crimson at the memory awakened ,by thece words. Springing from ber chair, she opened the door for Bott, and said, "Great goodness! the impudence of seme men ! You thought I meant you ?" Bott went out of the door like a whipped hound, with pale face and hanging head. As he passed by the door of the shop, Saul hailed him, and said, with a smile, " What luck?" Bott did pot turn his head. He growled out a deep imprecation and walked away. Matcbin was hardly surprised. He mused to himself, " I thought it was funny that Mattie Bbould sack Sam Sleeny for that fellow. I guess he didn't ask the sperrits how the land laychuckliDg over the discomfiture of the seer. Spiritualism is the most convenient religion in the world, -You may disbelieve two-thirds of it and j et be perfectly orthodox. MatchiD, though a pillar of the faith, always kernly eDjoyed the defeatand routof a medium by fcis tricksy aDd rebellious ghosts. He was still laughiDg to himself over the retreat of Bott, thinking with some paternal fatuity of the attractiveness and spirit of his daughter, when a shadow fell across him, and he saw Offitt standing before him. " Why, Offitt, is that you. I did not hear you. You always come up as soft as a spook!" " Yes, that's me. Where's Sam 2" "Sam's gone to Shady Creek on an excur sion with his lodge. My wife went with birn." " I wanted to see him. I think a heap oE Sam." "So do I. Sam is a good fellow." "Excuse my making so free, Mr. Matchin, hut I once thought Sam was going to be a son in-law of yours." "Well, betwixt us, Mr. Offitt, I hoped so myself. But you know what gWa is. She jest, wouldn't." "So it's all done, i3 it? No chance for Sera ?" Offitt asked eagerly. "Not as much as you could hold sawdust i» your eye," the carpenter answered. " Well, now, Mr. Matchin, I have got some thing to toy." {" Oh, Lordy!" groaned Saul to himself; "here's another one.") "I wouldn't take r.o advantage of a friend; hut if Sam's got do chance, as you say, why shouldn't I try ? With your permission, sir. I will." "Now look ye here, Mr. Offitt. I don't know as I have got anything against you, but I den't know nothing fur you. If it's a fair question, how do you make your livin' ?" "That's all right. First place, I have got a good trade. I'm a locksmith " " So I beve heard you say. Bat you don't wr rk at it." "No,"Offitt answered; and then assuming a confidential air. he continued, " As I am to be one of the family, I'll tell you, I don't i work at my trade, because I have got a better thirg. I am a Reformer," "Yen don't say !" exclaimed Saul. "I never heard o' your lecturin'." " I don't lecture. I am secretary of a grand section of Labor Reformers, and I git a good Ealnry for it." "Oh, I see," said Saul, not having the least idea of what it all meant. But, like most fathers of his kind, he made no objec tion to the man's proposal, and told him his daughter was in the house. As Offitt walked away, on the same quest where Bott had so recently come to wreck, S^^-eat smiling, and nursing his eenile vanity with the thought that there were not m.ylny mechanics' daughters in Buffiand that could get two offers in one Sunday from " professional men." He eat with the contented inertness of old men on his well-worn bench, waiting to see what wtuld he the result of the inter view. "I don't believe she'll have him," he thought. " He ain't half the man that Sam is, nor half the Bcholar that Bott is " It was well he was not of an impatient tem perament. He sat quietly there for more than an hour, as still as a knot on a branch, wondering why it took Offitt so much longer than Bott to get an answer to a plain ques tion ; but it never it occurred to him that he bad a right to go into his own house and participate in what conversation was going on. To American fathers of his class the parlour is sacred when the daughter has company. There were several reasons why Offitt Etayed longer than Bott. The seer bad left Maud Matchia in a state of high excitement and auger. The admira tion of a man so splay and ungainly was in itself insultiDg, when it became so enterpris ing as to propose marriage. She felt as if she had suffered tbe physical contact of some thing not clean or wholesome. Besides, she bad been greatly stirred by his reference to ber request for ghostly counsel, which had resulted in to frightful a failure and mortifi cation. After Bott had gone, she could not dismiss the subject from her mind. She said to herself, " How can I live, hating a man as 1 bate that Captain Farnham? How can I breathe the same air with him, blushing like a peony whenever I think of him, and turning pale with shame when I hear bis name? That ever I should b&ve; been vefused by a living man! What does a man want," she asked, with her head thrown back and her nostrils dilated, " when he don't want me ?" As she was walking to and fro, Bhe glanced out of the window and saw Offit approaching from the direction of the shop. She knew instantly what his errand would he, though he bad never before said a word to her out of the common. "I weuder if father has sent him to me—and how many more has he got in reserve there in the shop ? Well, I will make short work of this one." But when he had come in and taken his seat, she found it was not so easy to make short work of him. Dealing with this one. v>as very different from dealing with the other — about the difference between handling a pig and a panther. Offit was a human beast of prey—furtive, sly, and elusive, with all his faculties constantly in hand. The sight of Maud excited him like the sight of prey. His small eyes fastened upon her; his sinewy bands tingled to lay hold of her. But he talked, as any casual visitor might, of immaterial things. 2 Maud, while Bhe chatted with him, was preparing herself for the inevitable question and answer. "What shall I say to him? I do not like him. I never did. I never can. But what shall I do ? A woman is of no use in the world by herself. He is not such a dunce as poor Sam, and is not such a gawk as Bott. I wonder whether he would make me mind? I am afraid he would, and I don't know whether I would like it or not. -I sup pose if I married him I would be as poor as a crow all my days. I couldn't stand that. I won't have him. I wish he would .make his little speech and go." But ne seemed in no hurry to go. He was talkiDg volubly about himself, lying with the marvellous fluency which interest and practice give to such meD, and Maud presently found herself listening intently to his stories. He had been in Mexico, it seemed. He owned a silver mine there. He got a million dollars out of it, hut took it into his head one day to overturn the Government, and was captured and bis money taken; barely escaped the garrote by strangling his jailor; owned the mine still, and should go back and get it Eiir.e day, when he had accomplished certain purposes in tbiB country. There were plenty of people who wished he was gone now. Tbe President had sent for him to come to Washington; he went, and was asked to breakfast, nobody there hut them two; they ate off gold plates like be used to in Mexico; tbe President then offered him a hundred thousand to leavef was afraid he would make trouble; told the President to make it a million and then he wouldn't. His grand father was one of the richest men in E-irope bis father ran away with his mother out of a palace. "You must have heard of my father, General Offit, of Georgy? No? he was the biggest slaveholder in the state. I have got a claim against the Government now that's good for a million if it's worth a cent; goiDg to Washington next winter to prosecute it." Maud was now saying to herself, " Why, if half Ibis is true he is a remarkable man," lit e many other credulous people, not reflect ing that when half a man says is false the other half is apt to be also. She began to think it would be worth her while—a red feather in her cap—to refuse such a pictu re f que persoD; and then it occurred to her that he had not proposed to marry her, and pofsibly had no such intention. As his stream of talk, dwelling on his own acts of valor and craft, ran on she began to feel slightly piqued at its lack of reference to herself. Was this to be a mere afternoon call after all, with no combat and no victory? She felt drawn, after a while, to bring her small resources of coquetry into play. She interrupted him with saucy doubts and _ questions; she cast at him smiles and 'glances, looking up that he might admire her eyes, and down that her lashes might have their due effect. He interpreted all these signs in a favor* able sense, hut still prudently refrained from committing himself, until directly chal lenged by the bluBh and simper with which she said "I suppose you must have seen a great many pretty ladies in Mexico?" He waited a moment, looking at her steadily until her eyelids trembled and fell, and then he said, seriously and gravely— " I used to think so, but I never saw there or aDy where else as pretty a lady as I see at this minute." This was the first time in her life that Maud had heard such words from a man. Sam Sleeny, with all his dumb worship, had never found words to tell her she was beau tiful, and Bott was too grossly selfish and dull to have thought of it. Poor Sleeny. who would have given his life for her, had not wit enough to pay her a compliment. Offit, whose love was as little generous as the hunger of a tiger—who wished only to get her into his power, who cared not in the least by what means he should accom plish this, who was perfectly willing to have her find out all his falsehoods the day after her wedding, relying upon his brute strength to retain her then—this conscience less knave made more progress than Sam by months of the truest devotion. Yet the im wvf'icn be made was not altogether pleasant. Thirsting for admiration as she did, there was in her mind an.indistinct consciousness that the roan was taking a liberty; and, in the sudden rush of color to her cheek and brow at Offitt's words, there was at first almost as much anger as pleasure. But she bad neither the dignity nor the training required for the occasion, and all the reply she found was— " Oh, Mr. Offitt, how can you say so?" " I say so," he answered, with the same un smiling gravity, "because it's the fact. I have been all over the world. I have seen thousands ot beautiful ladies, even queens ar.d roarkisses, and I never yet eaw and I re.vc-r expect to see such beauty as yours, Miss Maud Maschin, of Bufiiand. " She still found no means to silence him or defend herself. She said with an uneasy laugh, " I am sure I don't see where the won* derful beauty is." • " That's because your modesty holds over your beauty. But I see,where it Is. It's in your eyes, that's like two stars of the night; inyour forehead, that looks full of intellect and sc-nse; iD jour rosy cheek and smiling lip'; io jour pretty little hands and fee; —" "Here she suddenly rolled up her hands in bar frilled white sp;on, arid sitting up straight, drew her feet under her gown. At this per fojmance they both laughed loud and long, end Maud's nerves were'relieved. "What geese we are!" she said at last, "Yon know I don't believe a word vou say." "Oh yes, you do. You've go; eyes an! a looking-glass, Come now, he honest. You know you never saw a girl as pretty as your self, and you never saw a man that didn't love j cu on sight." " I don'c know about that." " Don't all the men you kaovy lore you." "There Is one man I kr^Tr hates me, and I hatebim." "Who is ii ? This is very interesting," Maud eras suddenly seiz d with a desire to tell an adventure, something that might match Offitt's tales of wonder. " You'll never tell ?" " Hops I may die." "It's Arthur Farnham!" She had suc ceeded in her purpose, for Offitt stared at her with looks of amazement. " He once wanted to be rather too attentive to me, and I did not like it. So he hates me, and has tried to in jure me." " And ycu don't like him very well ?" " I don't. I would owe a good deal to the man who vrculd give him a heating." " All right. You give me—what?—a kias, or a lock of jour hair, and he shall have his thrashing." " You So it and bring me the proofs, and we will talk about it." Well, I must be off," he said, picking up bis hat. He saw on her face a slight.dis appointment, He put out his hand to take leave. She folded her arms. "You needn't be in such a hurry," she said poutingly. " Mother won't he back for ever so long, and I wa3 half asleep over my book when jou came in." " Ob, very well. That suits mo." He walked deliberately across the room, picked up a chair, and seated himself very near to_Maud. She felt her heart beat with something like terror, and regretted asking him to stay. He had been very agreeable, but she was sure he was going to he disagreeable now. She was afraid that if he grow dis agreeable, she cculd not manage him as she could the others Her worst fears were realized with his first words. "Miss Matohin, if you ask me to stay longer, you must take the consequences. I am going to say to you what I never said to mortal woman before; I love you, and I want you for my wife." She tried to laugh, " Oh, you do ?" but her face grew pale, and her hands trembled, "Yes, I do; and I am going to have you too." He tried to speak lightly, but his voice broke in spite of him. *' Oh, indeed ?" she replied, recovering her self with an effort. " Perhaps I'll have some thing to say about that, Mr. Confidence." "Of course ; excuse me for talking like a fool. Only have me, and you shall have ever j thing else. J All that wealth can buy shall be yours. We'll leave this dull place and go around the world seeking pleasure where it can be found, and everybody will envy me my beauteous bride." "That's very pretty talk, Mr. Offit; but where is all this wealth to come from ?" He did not resent the question, but heard it gladly, as impOBiDg a condition he might meet. " The money is all right. If I lay the money at your feet, will yon go with me? Only give me your promise." "I promise nothing," said Maud; "but when you are ready to travel, perhaps you may find me in a better humor." The words seemed to fire him. " That's promise enough for me," he cried, and put out his arms towards her. She struck down bis hands, and protested with sudden cattish energy. " Let me alone. Don't you oome so near me. I don't like it. Now you can go," she added. "I have got a lot to think about." He thought be would not spoil his success by staying. "Good-bye, then," he said, kiss mg his fingers to her. "Hood-bye for a little while, my own precious." He turned at the door. " This is belween us, ain't it?" " Yes, what there is of ii," she said, with a smile that took all sting from the words. He walked to the shop, and wrung the old man s band. His look of exultation caused Saul to say, " All settled, eh?" "No," said'Offit; " hut I have hopes. And now, Mr. Matchin, youknowyoung ladies and the ways of the world. I ask you, as a gentle man, not to say nothing about this, for the present, to nobody." Saul, proud of his secret, readily promised. (To be continued.) 