Jtmnsmmts. ACADEMY OF MUSIC. " The Crushed Tragedian" was presented on Saturday night before a good house. Mr. Wybert Reeve's impersonation of Mr. De Lacy Fitzaltamont is well known in Adelaide, and, if we except occasional indistinctness, as of one who knows something so well himself that he does not care whether others know it or not, his performance was successful and mirth-provoking. Mr. Edwin Palmer appeared to considerable disadvantage as Frank Bristowe. The style of aeting required does not suit him, and he does not suit the style of acting required. In the last act, when he appears in his Sunday-clothes, he looked as uncomfortable and as much like the ghost of Hamlet's father as any mortal could. We know Mr. Palmer to be a highly capable actor, and hence it is that we were disappointed at his playing on Saturday. Mr. Norgrove thoroughly looked the part of " Ned Bristowe, his son,-a scamp," and Mr. Melville, as Sir Michael. Clindenning, was fearfully and wonderfully got up. By some meana or other he had made his features assume a most peaceful aspect, and by dint of grey wig, white whiskers, and copious chalk he looked ever so much more like an escaped cherub than a mercenary Christian. Mr. Jewitt is a valuable member of a comany. He would play anything, from Hamlet §own to Bottom, and with an equal amount of success. On Saturday he ft as Ernest Clindenning, and made love in an entirely original, if somewhat hungry, style. The most popular item in the programme was Mr. Dark s comic song. We forget what Professor he was, and only remember that therefrain was " Hear, hear," and that it was given with great gusto by Messrs. Reeve and Forbes. Mr. Oily Dearing is entirely unfitted for the part of Gadsby. The pompous Manager wants a certain mock dignity which Mr. Dearing could not give, and when he gets drunk he wants to get drunk in a sensible kind of a way. Mr. G. Forbes had not much to do as Captain Racliet, except bemoan the loss of his temporary cigars, and blush at the mention of his red face. He did this well. Miss Maggie Knight, doubtless, has the best intentions possible. She has every wish to act leading parts, and this is a laudable ambition. But it is unfortunate for her audience. Fine ladies may be affected, but still it is not affectation that makes the fine lady. On the contrary, the higher one is the less one has to assume. We believe in Miss Knight as as excellent actress in her own line, and we sincerely wish, for her own sake as well as for that of the public, that she would stick to it. Miss Lottie Brier presented us with a washy Miss Mountcashel, and Miss Bessie Palmer tripped gaily through her little part of Mrs. Gulpin. Generally speaking the company is onsnited to the play, and Mr. Reeve has only himself to thank if his clever representations of favourite characters are not witnessed by crowded houses. The same piece will be presented to-night and to-morrow, on which latter occasion His Excellency the Governor will "be present. 