BLACKALL, (FEOM Otra OWN OOEBEBPONDENT.) THE weather daring the put week has turned very warm again, in fact quite hot at noonday. Wo havo had no rain and very few indications of it. It would teem as if tho clerk of the weather had a grudge against Blaokall, for Tambo, Isisford, Jundah, and several of tho surrounding stations all report a more or less quantity of rain. At Tambo grass and water are bothreportedplentifnl;alsoalongtheroadtothe terminus. At Blackall, and in its immediate vioinity, the oountry ii all parched up again, and looks like a desert in a wheatfield. The Barooo waa running strong at the beginning of this week, to within fonr miles of Blaokall ; but before the fresh came thia far the numerous holes in the river bed had taken in every drop of it. I hope this state of affairs will soon be altered. After being in a moribund condition ever since the day of starting (aooording to popular belief) the Barcoo Butchering Company limited finally gave up the ghost this week, and the Company that started with such a flourish of trumpets, and waa going to perform such wonders in rednoing the price of meat, is no more. Traffio is looking up, more teams with stores for town and oountry having passed through this week than for some time pre. viously, both horses and cattle, appeared to be in fair condition. Only a little wool has Íassed to the railway-four or five loads from sis Downs. I hear there li a large quantity of last season's clip stored on some of the stations yet, and the managers oannot get it away. There are no local stock movements, but there are likely soon tobe plenty, now some of the roads are in suoh good oondition. The Minnie Downs sheep, which were travelling for grass and water, hare returned to the sta- tion, there having been splendid raina on that property. The annual meeting of the Blackall Public Hall Co, was held last evening. Great inte- rest was taken in the proceedings, and share- holders preseut represented 112 shares out of 398\. The balance-sheet showed a net profit of £63 Us. Od., whioh the direotors proposed to di vide among theshareholders, and declared a dividend of 12J percent. That is the first divi- dend declared since the formation of the com- pany. A new directory was formed. Mr. Aim feldt was appointod treasurer, and Mr. Ord, secretary. A vote of thanks waa tendered Mr. Campbell, he having been honorary secretary sinoo the company was formed-about four years ago. There baa boen no important business at tho Police Court. A woman named Mary Paul was sent to gaol for two monthB for stealing a wateh from a man in payment of services rendered, At a committee meeting of the Blackall hospital, held on Monday, the business was purely financial, and aooonnta to the large amount of £295 10s. were passed for pay- ment. That mutt seem a large tum for the Blackall hospital ; but lt il always sub- scribed to very liberally by nearly everybody, and the oommittes can afford to provide the patients with luxuries that would never be econ at some hospitals. In fact, a patient in the hospital here, bas better living provided for him than ia supplied in some of the town hotel coffee rooms. Besides the above amount there woe an account for £200 presented for building a kitchen, and that would bring the amount to be paid at that meeting to nearly £500. Ono of our doctors has taken his departuro from Blackall and ia going to start in business at Tambo. Dr. De Leon was very popular among tho poorer portion of tho Blackall community. The Blackall Racing Club have not yet issued their programme. At a meeting held on tho "th instant tho balance sheet was pre- sented, and it wan shown that the Bum of £574 was paid a<ray in prizes &o.;, at tho Christmas meeting of the Club. Mr. S. Nevile was appointed Secretary and Mr. W. O. Barnier was appointed Treasurer. A very gnod Uuitiraittco was choson, and tho names of eevvral genllrinon, living in the district, v ho hawtilways taken grout interest in sport- ing matters, figure in the list. Taking every- thing into consideration, our Midwinter meet- ing promises to lie very successful. 1 notu that one of thc events at the Isisford races to bo holt] in Juue, ie a Bracelet Stakes presented hy Monera. A. Urquhart, C. Fairbairn, and li. B. Gough. The first prizo is a diamond aud ruby bracelet valuo £75 ; the second prize a diamond brooch valuo £2fi ; third prize a gold braoclet with pearls value £12. It is reported from Isisford that two shep- herds in charge of 3000 shoop arc lost hotweun Rosebrook and Tally Ho Stations. Tho sheep were fouud much scattorcd. A search party was sont out to look for tho missing men, but as yet I have heard no furtbor news about them. Blackall, February 22, 1884. 