TVt Kf/RO I i K.\ f»». (FEOil OVB OW2f COEEESPOITOEST.') ; " Tuesdavi I T.pfi<>fhy sittings of the Cabinet were held to-day, at which Mr Deakin, in his capacity as prospective chairman of the Itoval Commission abont to be appointed to enquire into the question of water supply and irrigation, submitted a number of names of gentlemen whom he regards as eligible and desirable members of that body. I understand, however, that the list was not finally decided on, as replies have not yet been received from all those citizens who have been communicated "with on the subject. As it is considered advisable to make the commission a strong one it will consist of at least fifteen, including a few members of parliament. • The Influx of Criminals Prevention Act, though probably a salutary measure upon the whole, occasionally presses hardly on individuals, and the case of Prank Spencer may be quoted as an instance in point. Spencer, who, it \- seems, has been in tronble in Adelaide, and perhaps elsewhere, came over here to rejoin hii wife and family, but was dis covered by the lynx eyes of the detective police, and at once deprived of his free dom. At the police court to-day he was given a week to clear ont, and as he is penniless, the Spenserian exodus is not likely to he a very cheerful affair. Isabella Prosser, the woman who is in custody on suspicion of causing the death of her infant child by dosing it with alco hol, was hronght before the Collingwood police court this morning, and remanded to await the result of the inquest, which la u» wax ilie cones Hug up from the yard, and suspected to he those of the murdered child. Bail was fixed at two sureties in £100, as it was not considered advisable to permit the prisoner to communicate with her chil dren, one of whom is the principal wit ness against her. "Mrs Susan jSorton, who is a widow re siding in Carlton, has reported to the police that late on Saturday night she was criminally assaulted by seven young ruffians, ranging from IS to 25 years of age, who entered her house when her son and daughter, who live with her, were away. The gang, according to Mm 5<or ton's statement, after the offence obtained some liqnor at a neighboring hotel, and drank it in the house, after which they went away, taking with them all the articles of value they could lay their hands on. The woman appears to have been too 1 much terrified to alarm the neighbours before the men had gone, and they have not yet been arrested. The Railway Commissioners heard an appeal to-day by Michael Daly, a ganger, in reference to thg unfair promotion, as he considered, of another mati over him at TVerribee, but after giving full considera tion to the case, the commissioners de cided that the most suitable man had been selected, and dismissed the appeal. Daly will however he removed at his own request to another part of the colony. for some time the Railway Commission ers have been considering the important question of insuring the lives of passen gers, and I learn that the arrangements for so doing, are being completed, and will shortly be announced. Business was opened In tie Criminal Court to-day with a bigamy ease. The prisoner was a young man of very dark complexion, who had at different times variously described himself as John M'Laughlin Atkinson, John McLaughlin' without the Atkiuson,and John Esmeralda M'Langhlin. In the year 1883 he mar ried Fanny Leiitia Langham at Sand hurst, and on October 29th of the present year, his first wife being still alive, he went through the ceremony of marriage with Mary Elizabeth Simpson, who was very soon made acquainted with the fraud which had been practiced upon her Ly the discovery in the prisoner's possession of a letter referring to his wife. The second marriage was celebrated by Mr Adam Anderson, the Eiteroy registrar, and the defendant en deavored to make capital out of the fact that the witnesses to the ceremony were not of the full age as required by law. J3e further claimed that the marriage was defective, because the ihree days* notice required by the act had not been given, i Judge Higinbotham told the jury that neither of these omissions constituted a defence, and they had no hesitation in ! finding him guilty. Sentence was de- j ferred. I understand that a commencement has been made to initiate a bee farm, similar to those in America. Jt is to he situated in Gippsland, on 120 acres of land well watered all the year round. Mr Amety, who has recently arrived from England, will be the bee master in chief and super intendent of the flowers. The capital is to be fonnd by a syndicate consisting of 50 persons. A fine sample of oyster spat, from "Western 1'ort Bay, has been on view under the microscope in the window of a Collins-street optician to-day. Experts consider that the exhibit augurs well for the fntnre of the bivalve in our waters. A rather singular case of obtaining money by false pretences was investi gated at the Criminal Court to-day. The prisoner, a well" spoken man named James Meiklejohn, was charged with ob taining a cheque for £5 from Tankard and Adamson, grain merchants of this city, by false representations. The firm ha3 an agent at Jinmurkah named James Meiklejohn, who occupies a leading posi tion there, and on ^November ISth the defendant, who was a stranger to Sir Tankard, came to the shop, stated he was a brother of Mr Meiklejohn, that he had lost bis money, and wanted some to go hack with- He was given, a cheque for £5. His statement that he was a brother of Mr Meiklejohn was untrue, hut he claimed to be a cousin of his, and it ap peared that he had stayed with him, and had been promised £5, which he did not get. The jury decided to acquit him. Some disappointment was naturally ex pressed to-day, when it was known thai the English cricketers had defeated tin redoubtable Australian eleven by ei'dii wickets, as though it was not thought un likely the Englishmen would win or account of the much better form they ar« in, a good contest was at least antici pated- How that the Australian clever have vindicated themselves by offering tf give their share of the proceeds to thi Melbourne charities, it is probable that; match will be played here shortly, wher the recent victory of the Englishmer ought to stimulate " our boys" to "pui forth every effort to prevent them return ing to the old country with an nnheater record. "Mat good digestion wait os appetite, . says Shakespeare, but " good digestion " will never wait upon bad bread, and it is there- | fore of the greatest importance that in mak ing bread one should use only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation through long use in households throughout the world. Foremost amongst these must be reckoned "Berwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder," which has Etood the test in every climate of the world. Get it, use it, and add your testimony to that of the millions who praise-it. \- Ghosts.—An attempt is bein made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the won derful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: "How do I know that you 2re not a bit of undigested bread 2" for, of all the ghost pro ducers, a hit of "heavy" bread is the most potent It 13 a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking j Powder in making bread; for, although it won't "raise ghosts," it mill raise-bread in the I iP«e admirable fashion. Every wise store- I keeper haa it by him, and every good house tbujBit 