LICENSING COUET. The quarterly licensing court was held on the 8th instant. J. P. Luke, Esq., L.M. and J. Swan, Esq., J.P., were in attendance, but there was no business to transact. A special licensing meeting for the renewal of licenses will be held on the 17th of June next. AN IDLE AND DISOEDEBLY PEBSON.-At the Gresford police office, on Tuesday last, a woman named Mary Ann Smith was charged before E. Park, Esq., J. P. with having no means of support or fixed abode, and being found wandering with aboriginal natives. Convicted and sentenced to six months' im- prisonment in Maitland gaol. SCHOOL or AETS.-A short time since a special general meeting of the members of this institution was called by advertisement, but being on the same evening aa the Maitland Show, lapsed for want of a sufficient attendance. The business to have been transacted by this meeting was the elec- tion of a secretary, and to fill up a vacancy I that has occurred in the committee. We | understand that a similar meeting will be i again called for the first Thursday in next ? month, which it is to be hoped will not suffer a like fate. ENTERTAINMENT AT VACY.-On the evening of the 4th instant a very successful entertain- ment was given in the new Public school at Vacy, by the Kaffir Amateurs of Maitland and Vacy, in aid of prizes for the school children. The programme gone through on the occasion appeared to be carried out in a very creditable manner, and greai' praise is accorded to Messrs. Houston, Felan, Hill, and Cook for the parts they sustained so well in the entertainment. The opening chorus, " Under the British Flag," was well rendered by a company. Then came a song by Mr. Houston, " Wait till the clouds roll by," and was followed by the song " Only to see her face," by Mr. E. Keough. Mr. Cook now made his appearance and gave in good style the song " Good bye Annie," and the rendition of " The Cottage Gate," by Mr. W. Eeought, came next. After which Mr. Hill came on the scene and gave " Chiming Bells," but we do not leam though that he rang any bells after all. Mr. V. Keough next sang about " Little , Fairy Rose Buds." Mr. Felan now caused no little amusement by singing " Good bye Eliza Jane," and the first part of the pro- gramme waa brought to a close by the song " I hear de banjo play," by Mr. Dagg. All the above mentioned songs are spoken of as being well rendered. After an intermission of ten minutes, the second part opened by a ghost scene by Messrs. Houston, Felan, and Dagg, and was followed by a musical sketch by Messrs. Felan, Keough, and Dagg. A song by Mr, Felan eame next, entitled " Say not Fare- well," and was accorded an encore, and in return " Let mo like a Soldier fall," was given, and was greatly applauded. An amusing farce, called " Slocum's Dog," was well rendered by Messrs. Houston, Hill, and Cook, and kept the audience in roars of laughter. A vocal duet, the well known " Larboard "Watch," was given in excellent style by Messrs. Hill and Houston, and pleased the auditory so well that a return was called, and in response, "All's "Well" was given, and received with much plauditory demonstrations. And the entertainment, which is stated to have been one of the best ever given at Vacy, was brought to a cloBe by the amusing farce " Irish Justice," which was presented by Mr. Felan as judge, Messrs. E. Keough and Houston as lawyers, and Mr. Cook took the part of policeman. " God Save the Queen" having been sung, the highly gratified audience dispersed. They are very emphatic in their praise of all the amateurs who carried out this feast of amusement. "WELCOME RAIN.-Since the beginning of this month we have been favoured with a change in the weather, and some delightful showers, which we think were never more welcome or thankfully re- ceived than on this occasion. "We have not taken exact note of the amount fallen, but I should think that about 2in. has fallen alto- gether. More is greatly needed. What has fallen has effected some improvement in the river here, but it does not seem to be hardly fit for drinking purposes yet. IMPROVEMENTS.-Our township has often been designated, with a great deal of truth, a dozy, non-progressive place, nevertheless there are some indications of progress and improve- ment. In the building line our new Post and Telegraph office is becoming something to look at-the second story being now in process of erection-and when completed will be a prominent and rather imposing edifice. A start has been made with our new School of Arts, and the walls have risen about a foot or two, but its progress is very slow, and a little quicker move will have to be made, we think, to complete it in contract time ; but I suppose that we shall have to continue to add to our spirit of ambition, patience. A great hind- rance to the progress of the buildings has been, and is, the insufficient supply of bricks, the local kilns being unable to keep up the supply ; but now we notice that large numbers of bricks are being brought from Maitland hence rapid progress may be expected to be made with the work. We notice that these bricks are the cause of a serious disfigurement to the structure. The lower story is con- structed of local made bricks, which are of a dark red hue, but the Maitland bricks are of a spotted light yellow sort of colour ; and to our eye the outside appearance of the edifice (the Post and Telegraph office) will be spoiled thereby unless it is painted or plastered. But we suppose there is no help for it. Besides the building in progress, we notice that Mr. Samuel Patfield is just completing a neat weather-board building on the main road, at the southern end of our town, which we under- stand is designed for a store which he intends shortly to open. Paterson, April 17th, 1884. 