LAY SERMONS.—No. XXXI. GIRL GRADUATES. [BY THE BROTHERS NEMO.] In a recent number of one of the illus- trated papers there appeared a picture representing a new version of "Town and Gown." The old version will be familiar to our readers from their recollections of the adventures of Mr. Verdant Green or of Tom Brown at Oxford. The new version depicts a couple of fair girls, one dressed in the newest fashion from Paris, the other clad in an academic robe, and with what boys call a "mortar board" on her. head. They are both very pretty girls, but verily the prettier face of the two is that which is under the trencher. What would an old university don of last century have thought could he have looked down the ages and seen such a development of his venerable academic customs? Such an invasion of time-honored precedent is enough to awaken the slumber- ing worthies of ancient Oxford from their final rest and call forth their astonished ghosts to protest against the mad doings of this busy century. If one of those old con- servative scholars did come to life again he would find that a real revolution was going on in this matter of female education over the whole world. If, frightened cut of England, he took flight to England's colonies, he would find that Sydney had among its robed students young ladies as well as young gentlemen; that in New Zealand a bachelor's degree was not deemed incon- sistent with maiden modesty; and that the rooms of the new University of Adelaide were frequented by numerous fair candidates for academic learning. Doubt- less after he got used to the novel idea of attaching the titles of doctor, master, and bachelor to the names of ladies, he would come to see that the change was a good one, and was not only an act of justice to womankind, but was likely to be helpful to the cause of learning; and on going back to his home in the crypt of some old cathedral would wish the new method all success. At all events we hope he would be open to the logic of facts. It is surprising how quickly and yet how quietly this revolution is taking place. When Tennyson in his youthful poem of the Prin- cess coined the phrase, "Sweet girl graduates with their golden hair," the whole poem was deemed a playful satire upon an impracti- cable whim. A satire it was, but whether written in jest or in earnest that poem has had no small share in popularising the idea that the higher walks of culture ought to be as freely open to women as to men. Its deep truth that "woman is not undeveloped man; but diverse" remains unmoved, but it is now seen that the highest education is not hostile to the graces of the feminine cha- racter, but may become its choicest adornment. This movement has not been without its opponents. They were wont to say at first that it did not make much matter, as the feminine mind, by its very constitution, would never be able to advance into the regions of difficult thought, and could not climb the Alpine heights of learning. The goodly batch of graduates that from time to time have come forward to receive their degrees has shown that these predictions were not correct, and the fact that many of these girl graduates have been proudly clad in gowns made by tbeir own fingers, and wrought out by their own sewing machines, has made it plain that classics and mathe- matics are not necessarily hostile to the needle or the thimble. When these critics found that girls could study, and could obtain degrees, they changed their argument and said that they would never win the highest places of honor, that girls might take an ordinary degree, hut would never win the gold medals or the scholarships, or any thing analogous to the coveted distinction of being an Oxford "double first," or a Cam- bridge senior "wrangler." Time will show. This question must be submitted to the logic of events. In the meantime we gather a few interest- ing facts on this question from a recent Eng- lish paper. It was only in 1878 that Lord Granville announced that the University of London was about to open its doors to women, and the number of those who have obtained the honorable distinction of B.A, or B.Sc, is already more than forty. To these must be added the students of Girton and Newnham "who have gained equal honors in the Cambridge triposes, though they aro not formally admitted to degrees." We are told, too, that no fewer than sixty young women are now studying at Owen's College, Manchester. There has not yet been time for any facts to accumu- late concerning the highest degrees, but we find that a certain Miss Mary C. Dawes, who won considerable distinction at Girton, has gained the M.A. degree in classics in the London University. This young lady occu- pies a unique position in England. She is the first and only female "Master of Arts" in the kingdom. She has no compeer on her throne. She has, however, a rival who occu- pies a neighboring height of solitary grandeur. In the same list in which Master Dawes' name is found appears among the Doctors of Science the name of Sophia Bryant. This degree is acknowledged to be one of the most difficult of attainment, and is consequently very highly prized. The aspirant selected as her special branch mental and moral science, which includes a "thorough and practical knowledge" of psychology, logic, and ethics, and a "general acquaintance" with the physiology of the nervous system and organs of sense in man and other animals, and with the history of philosophy, political philosophy, and political. economy. This is a pretty tough mountain to climb, implying as it does a fair acquaintance with both ancient and modern languages. The record of her pro- gress tells us that she gained mathematical honors at the B.Sc. degree in 1882, so that her scholarship must be of a very varied character. We do not know anything about these ladies, so that if any of our readers like to talk irreverently about how undesirable it is to cultivate the race of "blue stockings" we are not disposed to stop and argue with them. We do find, however, that this latter lady underwent a change of name in the midst of her ascent of Parnassus, so that she, at all events, has something in her analogous to what moves the whole sisterhood, and possesses that touch of nature to which the whole world is akin; and if marriage did not stop her ambition neither did subsequent widow- hood, nor the need for the employment of her faculties as a teacher. There is no fear of culture destroying the true woman's heart or making her unfit for her station in life. Human instincts are too strong and too deeply ingrained to be uprooted by any such process. Culture will adorn and beautify and enlarge any life that is able to attain it, be it the life of a man or a woman. It is a little knowledge that is dangerous, not a thoroughly disciplined education. A learned man is generally by no means a conceited man, for his learning has taught him how little he has conquered for himself out of the great realm of the unknown and the unknow- able, and the same will be true of a learned woman. It is the girl who is tricked out with a few shallow drawing-room accomplishments and nothing more, and whose reading is con- fined to the last novels from the circulating library, that is tempted into conceit and priggishnees. There is no reason that can be justified why a girl's education should be mainly ornamental, while a boy's ought to be useful and thorough. It is a lasting wrong to a girl to deem that her education is simply meant to get her up for the matrimonial market. Her chances in that market are certainly not to be despised, but as she has got as good brains as her brothers, she should be encouraged to use them and cultivate her mental powers to the extent of her oppor- tunity. By such a course of proceeding we venture to think that her chances in the aforesaid market would be rather bettered than injured, and she would be likely to turn out a more companionable wife and a wiser mother. 