INTERCOLONIAL. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, March 24. Mr. A. T. Holroyd, Master in Equity, has forwarded his resignation to the Minister of Justice. William Balbcck, a man employed on board the mail steamer Ballaarat, lying at the Circular Quay, fell overboard accidentally to-day and was drowned. The body has not yet been recovered. Mr. W. J. Foster, a barrister, has been appointed Acting Judge of the Supreme Court, and is to preside at the next Circuit Courts at Mudgee and Grafton. The appointment of Messrs. G. Campbell, Mrs. A., S. M'Caughey, and J. B. Christian as a commission to inquire into the recent outbreak of scab in the sheep imported from America, has been approved by the Cabinet. The Government will continue the consideration of the Estimates in the Legislative Assembly this week, after which the Land Bill will be proceeded with. It is understood that the Hon. J. P. Abbott, Minister for Mines, will be appointed Minister for Public Instruction. The question of a successor to the Minister for Mines has not yet been decided by the Cabinet. With reference to the recent cable message, stating that the appointment of a High Commissioner for the Western Pacific had been delayed owing to the failure of the colonies to contribute the required sum, no information on the subject has been received by the Government of this colony from England. No request or suggestion that the colonies should contribute annually £10,000 has been made to the Government of New South Wales by the Imperial Government, and until something authoritative and explicit has been received nothing will be done so far as the Government of this colony is concerned towards asking the sanction of Parliament to; the contribution of any portion of the expense attending the appointment of a Commissioner. William Beach has issued a challenge to Hanlan to row for £500 a-side and the championship of the world over the champion course on the Parramatta River. Hanlan being away from town all day on a visit to the Nepean River, on the invitation of Mr. P. R. Smith, it is not yet known whether the challenge will be accepted. The evening lectures at the University were commenced to-night, when thirty- one students presented themselves, being mostly public school teachers or clerks in thcGovernracntser vice. Ninety-five candidates out of 119 have passed the matriculation examination. The increased amount of interest shown is due to the establishment of the evening lectures, as well as the engineering and medical schools in connection with the University. The approaching thirty-fifth annual meeting of the Australian Mutual Provident Society will be of more than ordinary interest, inas- much as it closes the seventh quinquennium of the society. The amount of last year's business showed a considerable increase, and the society continues in a highly prosperous condition. The English mails ex: Sorata reached Sydney on Sunday, being the thirty- seventh day from the date of leaving London, which is one of the best records up to the present time by any route. The settling over the Canterbury Park races passed off to-night satisfactorily. The following scratchings were posted to-day For the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap , I Precious Stone. Rowley Mile - Morpeth, ' Segenhoe, Bargo, Salvo, Bellbird, Waxworks Le Grand, Mileta, Bohemian, Sportsman, ' Precious Stone, and Blenheim. Little wagering has been done on the coming events. Despot, Maroney, and Ghost are in favour for the Hawkesbury Handicap, but very little right, out betting took place. For the A.J.C. St. Leger, 5 to it is the best offer against Martin - Henry, and 6 to 4 against Le Grand, There is a disposition to back the latter at 7 to 4, while 5 to 1 is forthcoming against either OIE Colour or Warwick. The following are the leading features of the Sydney Cup betting: 400 to 15 against Commotion ; 100 to 12 against Le Grand ; 100 to 5 each against Martini-Henry and Despot; 100 to 7 OIE Colour. Among the horses doing good work at Rand- wick are Commotion, The Broker, Le Grand, Martini-Henry, Despot, Salvo, Bargo, Iolanthe, Tremando, Streets William, Sardonyx, Buckingham, Bolero, Favo, Jessie, Morceau, King's Owen, Stockdale, Morpeth, Exchange, Phyllis, and First Demon. Arrived : Dupleix, c, from Noumea. VICTORIA. Melbourne, March 24. The old County Court in Swanston-street was used for the last time on Saturday. junge Cope transacted bus.ines'î.Jit'Îtiê new law courts to-day. The I tofietiiirTit the G ioho Hotel on Saturday to Celebrate the birthday of the Emperor of Germany. The Minister for Lands and the Commis- I sioner of Customs started this morning on an official visit to the Wimmera district and the Mallee country. Large numbers of people visited the new Messageries steamer Yarra yesterday. An extraordinary case of shooting occurred near Brighton on Saturday morning. A resident named Hawthorn was asleep in bed when the window of the room was gently opened, the barrel of a gun put through close to the sleep- ing man's shoulder, and the gun fired, Hawthorn receiving a terrible wound in the shoulder. The police were informed of the affair ; black trackers were sent out, and tracked footprints from the window to the house of Hawthorn's brother, and the latter was arrested. It appears, that the brothers had some litigation about a piece of land, and the prisoner lately threatened to settle his brother. Tile wounded man is in a critical state. Very warm weather for this time of the year was experienced to-day, 100° in the shade being registered. A meeting of creditors in the insolvent estate of Emelie Melville, operatic singer, was held to-day, when proofs of debts were handed in amounting to £1343. The police have apprehended on the Hexham near Mortlake road, near Hexham, a man who is said to answer in every way to the description of an escaped lunatic named Bourke, whom the police suspect of being concerned in the murder of Francis Beech at Pottsville. The service of welcome to Bishop Barry, which is proposed to be held on the arrival of the RMS. Valetta, has been altered to the 2nd April, so as not to clash with the farewell banquet to the Governor, which is to take place on the 1st. Several Anglican bishops will take part in the service. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, March 21, The birthday of the Emperor or Germany was observed with considerable ceremony by the German colonies on Saturday. At the inquest on the recent fire in Pcnschke's cabinet factory, atiTonrood, a verdict of arson was returned against the man Drew, who was recently arrested, and who was suspected at the time of the fire. Drew- was thereupon committed for- trial. The Eastern Extension Telegraph Company are a.) big 420 miles of new cable in one con- tinuum length from Port Darwin over the S oh id Bank, to replace the defective portions of the old cable. The new cable has got the gutta-percha covering sheathed throughout with brass ribbon for protection against marine insects, The two cables are in perfect condition. The company's steamer is now picking up the old cable. In anticipation of Hanlin visiting South Australia, a committee has been formed to arrange for his i reception. A disastrous fire occurred early this morning on a farm at Koolniangu, belonging to a farmer named Birdseye, destroying 400 bags of wheat, two stacks of hay, and a quantity of farm- ing implements. The origin of the fire is unknown. Mr. D. Hardy, who is visiting the colonies with a view to opening up a trade between Australia and Japan, will leave in a few days for Queensland, on route to Japan, taking with hinVsaiuplci of the products of the colony. NEW ZEALAND. ?- . Weli.inxíTOI«.", March 21. News has been received that the bed plate of the hangers-on' on board UicRtiapetu has been fractured, and that she has discharged her cargo of frozen meat into the Ionic, and pro- ceeds home for repairs. The Japanese warship Tsukuba has arrived at Auckland. A telegram received by the Under Secretary for arises from the goldfields warden at at Menindie states that a very rich find was reported last week which promises to eclipse anything previously heard of in the colony. Mit. MATTiruiV Battkjwby, chairman of the Caboolture Divisional Board, was yesterday sworn in as a magistrate of the territory before Mr. B. MacDonnell, J.P. On Friday night last a very deliberate attempt was made to set fire to the rope works at Kangaroo Point. The premises consist of a block of main buildings of brick, connectedly is a long rope-walk of wood by a shed about Soft, long built entirely of iron. It was from the paddock actuating the back of the factory, and at the spot v, litre the iron shed'' adjoins the main building, that the attempt was made. The earth had been dug away front the bottom of the iron wall sufficiently, to enable a hand to be inserted beneath. A quantity of paper had then been rolled up and pushed through this opening, and then set Iii of to. If,. U generally the case that there is a quantities loose firing at this particular spot, but fôrl.uiî.itcîy on this occasion there were only scenic pieces of hessian lying there, which, with shire short pieces of pine scantling lying beneath 3in in, size quite consumed, The fire spread a"! ion; 5ft. in each direction among the hemp, dust, it, until stopped by the hardwood floor of the main building in one direction, atidbitriiii.'j:-, .'J'r,.r, on the carlton floor of thciopo-vv..k in the other, although when discovered in the morning a considerable body of fire was still! treads eig. But for the fact of all the sin rounding! being of hardwood, much of which was then red, and the care taken to render the building as fireproof as possible, the cntinrpiTmwc-, coid-iiiiinguomc i-'O.OOO worth of property, would have been destroyed. The water is laid on to the premises, and one hose placed where', had it been discovered in time and been necessary, a stream of water could have" been played for several feet beyond and around'the'spot.'" A reward of £30 has been offered on conviction the perpetrators. 