r i ';ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [By THE GrOST.J The oracle so long dumb has spoken at lait; and th'jMinistii" his oilicially an'k r nduncdd that no questions likely to- pl'o y voke any serious conflict of opinion are to be intruded on the notice of Parliament e during the coming session. Legislation is t6 be confined to matters of social import, such,for instance, as Trade Unions, Factory Bills, the constitution of .a Metropolitan i IBoard of'Works, With a Mining or Private Property Bill to keep class animosities from dying out utterly. Mr. Service and Mr. Berry availed themselves of the op portunity which the gathering of the Trades, ;Uion ildelegatei? in . Melbourne presented to unfold their programme. The mbttotof their predecessors, "Peacei ,Prob gress,'aihd Prosleirity," lias evidently'smo' to the present incumbents of office as a legacy, and they intend--warned. by the "shocking erxmple' 'of'( Sir Bryan O'Loghleni a&nd; his colleagues--tbo en deavourto act up to it, and thus.obey thein ijunction which sets forth that self-preserva I tiorn is Nature's primary law. And so at o the present moment there is apparently nothing, not even that oft quoted "little cloud no bigger than a' man's- hand,': to distuirb the pladid ataiosphere in w'hich the Government moves. Major Smith and Mr. Miinams, and eke Mr. Mackay, may after tihe fashion of tihe heathen "furiously rage,:' but tihe gentlemen whosit inluxu rious ease onithe Speaker's right hand will contiilio vwith a feeling of calm 'serenity to occupy the Treasury Bench and "smile and smile,and be "-Ministers. And tliat they value the position is made abundantly plain by the pains they are at to remain in the good graces of" the.many headed." Else why should the Premier and the Chief Secretary have attended the gathering of the Trades' Hall "delegates ? ', Quo diable aljaient' ils- fairs daos cette galere ?"i if' tleir object" .a's n6t to court popularity? Tlhatpoliticians of the calibre" oft Messrs. Sinithi' 'Gausson,'nadi' Wood should have attended as uninvited.guests, and takenrlaart i in the proceeddings, ias perhaps in accordance with' the eternal fitness of things; but that the heads of a stroiong Miiistrysliouiild th'usi triveto curry fiavor marks a "new departure" in the science of j?opulisritj-hiratiig, little credit able to isen whod aspire to the title of states men and desire to be looked upon as leaders of opinion.1. ;. ; , .' The inistake of2:" kooing' "-to' "the horny handed" is, moreover, not the only blunder the government has committed." Mr.)Berrjy has gazetted himself to one (of the vacalit tristeeshfps of th16 Public Library;and the recent appointment "of fr. 'Johnson,,tho;son ofsa ,gentloinan who, 'for'less thai a week, oc?ulied'the' position of a Victorian Minister of the Crown, turns out also toliave 'beieni'a "mniistale," / tlihi Crown prosecutorship not being tenable to any gentlemanwho has not been a practis ing barrister for five years, and the juve nile lawyer not having been,a ,member of " the devil's brigade " for more than ,three. The' disappoiited candliddtes are,' of course, making the mostof. their' grievance, and unless tlheyoiufig gelitleiman cuts the Vgor dianhknot by 'resigning. th?etr will, no, doubt, be a " row" ahmong the lawyers in) the Assembly,vwhen that august body iLoets '??fobr the' despatch of business." Aiiothor matter is also certain to provoke adverse commenti t:. Dri igtlie; ohtn'st fbr thef electoriate at Moira'three Ministers of tledCr or aand ""tli': G'osernmshre Whip who h~lappens to ?e one of the members of tlhe district-vce nt'i a?tour 'through'-'the oinsatitiiency, :itoe;iibly to determine the 'bestroute for certain. projeeteod railways, but realljy asitheir 'opponents , assert, for thejpurpos 'of influencing the electors'and enlistingitheir sympathies in favour of. an avowed" Mimisterial, supportor., The. soft' impeaclunent has, as a matter of -course, beienemphatically. denied by the parties implicated. :.But,, nevertheless, the, facts 0lok;'ugly,: ,and: facts, 'are, proverbially, 'stubborndtlings. The sense of security in i 'd:''by 9he" present G.Government is evidently.tiiking t&nii;' jst'a little reek leash Their time for giving place to others has not; hoisbeer; yet come, and although a classical' member of,. the, Opposition ,has beenllheard to mutter ' Quos Deus cull per dereArius demsistaf," tihere is little chance bf another. practical ;illustration of the saying until, atleast, another Parliamen tary session is numbered among "the things that were." 'T'he curtain has fallen for the present on the tragedyknown as the Pettavel murder. The case so elaborately got up by the detec tive officers against the lunatic. Bourke with a number of aliases, hias terminated just as everyone, excepting the police, ex pected, in the discharge of the accused on the preliminary iqvestigationbefore the magistrates. The case is one in which the proverb,that,',!murder will, out" is -not likely to prove correct. From the . very first, as .tatedin,fpirmer.letters, no person acquainted ,)yitlhi,the surroundings, of the affair suspected'the unfortinate lunatic to be guilty of the crime. But-the detectives had formed a theory of their own, and were they alleged,in possession of "a clue," and they have floundered and floundered, get ting moro anid,:more ,befogged until not even the well-tutored ,black - tracker was able to extricatei them~.from the position, ald the iinevit?ble result has happened. And so one more miysterylias reminnedun solved-a murder or murderess is still at largo-and the, victim's blood will, per force, cry vainly for vengeance. The dpisode is really a disgraceful one in the not ovedr-billiant annals of the Victorian police force,,, ; - iA good deal of ink has been shed over the question of' whether. it'i is right and proper: that : the -musical -oritic;,of a newspaper should be,a gentleman actively engaged in the. exercise of. his profession as a music teacher. -It would .be mere diffectation to pretend not to know that the correspondence has arisen .in- consequence of Mr. Plumpton holding .the position on the staff of the Age' and' Leader. Rightly dr wrongly complaints' .are: inade thlat justice, is denied to.all pianoforte perfor mers who donot take either MIr. or Mrrs. Plumpton as their' model' This lady is better known'as IMadame Tasca, who, as Charlotte Tasker, graduated as King's Scholai at the Royal Academy of Music in London so long ago that it would hardly be gallant to the lady to state the number of. years;l.'Tho Musical Associatin, of Victoria h'aio taken the matter up, and ait a meeting called expressly to ,discuss the loint, decided by a majority of nmoro than ,tvo.to one, that tlhe practice.of combining c?iticism and teaching was.inimical to the1 iiterests of th& 'professioni;iMr. Plumpton being looked upon as, doubly .an offender inasmuch as he alsoteaches the diving artas wdll as tholwife of his bosom. Some rather '"warm exohange"s "-as sporting gentler, men phrase it--lvo.. take plce betiveen the parties to the quairel, making it evident that familiarity with harmony does not always tend to harmoionious relations between the votaries of the divine art. On the whole, the advocates of the ¶' edu cated amateur" have the best of the' con troversy, the weight of arggument-and it may be added of public opinion-being decidedly against the "firofossional musi cian actively pursuing his profession" acting as 'a Press'critic.' Ship chsndlers apparently- entertain a strong.objection 'to being:' designated,. as "sharks," and this term having been ap pliedby the hon. 'Jiames Campbell, the Post-iiaster General of Victoria' to M'. HI. B. Donitaldsbn, the MZayor of Sandridge -or Port Melbourne, as it is now called the latter gentleman has issued asummons. "chai'ging the' foimes" with. publisliing "5 criminal 'libel. Tihe Rev. Mr. Rentoul; also, is,the object of the kind attention of thde "limbs of the lawe" having chargdd MIr. Mountain, a boat owner in Hobson's Bayj with being thei head :of an organised band'of sea-robbdrs, in consequence of a seal-skinjacket, whichI Mrs. 'itentoul lost overboard whetl'embarking on board the maiil steamer a fortnight ago, having beon picked up by one of his men. Majior Smith, likewise, is proceeding with his action.to recicer 'damages for defamation of character from thie Ballarat Stare Alto gether, there 'appears a probability of the gentlemen of the long robe having during next term plenty of work to do in defend ing assailed reputations. The numerous admirers of Miss Emilio felville will be glad to hear that the pecuniary losses whichl caused her to file her schedule in 'the Insolvent Court will not much affectthatladypersonally. One or two of her friends are not, hIowever, so fore tunats.. A well-known IMelbourne solicitor has had his household effects seized 'aiid' sold, and a certain secretary to an imPjdr tant Royal Commissidn? that has just ter nminated its labours, in the absence of its chairman has had to pay .£600 foi, the honour of having been illowe~d to write his name on a slip of stamped paper in con junction with the autograph ofthe charm. ing actress: WVlat power thera must be in a pair of bright eyes,to be sure I The theatres are all. doing a good busi ness.. The '"popular prices " have had the effect of fllling .the Bijou to overflowing every night, and of thus establishing Miss Melville ls: great a favourite -in grand .opera as she already is in,. opera bouffe. Carmen,' in which she.sustains the title role, will no doubt have a good run. At the Princess " Forget me Not." has given way.toutho "Queen's Favourite,"in which Miss Genevieve Ward is as charming: as ever, At' the Royal the attendanses at "Fun on the Bristol?" are becoming,. small by degrees and beautifully less,;, and the last nights of.the stupid. piece of inanity are announced. Miss Jennie Lee is leav ing the Opera House,' where Signor. and Madame Majeroni apipear shortly in ?"Jealousy." Maya. ... 