ASTORMY WEDDING CHAPTER XX. A ETBAKGX CONVERSATION ? A JEALOUS IiOVEB S TUSEAT — TH3 BLACK GHOST — A GLIOTSE AT A IIYSTEET. _fo one was to b& seen. — no stir or sound of Inman life was apparent about the house and yard as Kuth dismoutt-jd before the Witch Lake mansion and fastened, her horso to a rack near the gate. A -walir, shaded by scraggy, wide branched cedar trees, &-& up to the house;, wnich was a Ms-roofed, two-etc rv buildinsr of brick, origi nally covered with, plat ter ; but the plaster had fallen oil in places, expts ling the brick and giving a scarred appearance to she ?wails. This look was Snellowed, however, by ihe mask of mould and moss Tvhicb. time and. the moist climate had caused to gather over the building1. The high-shouldered chimneys were on the outside, mad the one at the east end of the house 'was muffled in ivy. About f.hin green tetwork a company of white and purple pigeons v/ore fluttering1 and cooing in the sun shine. This was the only sign of life Euth could see about the place. She knocked at the door, which opened upon the narrow, large-pillared porch ; but no step or . voice responded to the Bummons, though she re peated her knock again and again. The only sign it elicited was the deep-mouthed barking of a dog in the back yard. It was a savage sound ; bat Euth had never been afraid of dogs, and sha turned from the unresponsive djoor to reconnoitre. In the rear of the yard ehe found a fierce- looting bull-dog, which flew at her the length of his chain. The noise he made brought a tall, bony-looking ' mulatto woman to the door of a two-roomed out house. She stood rubbing her eyes that blinked in the slant sunlight, and yawning — evidently just roused from eleep. She caught sight of liuth, and stared at her in amazement. The stare gave place to an ungracious scowl when Euth told wiio she w&e; and asked if her aunt was not here. *i?artinly she's here/ was the short answer;? 'but she ain't used tobein' roused up at onearthly I hours. The sun's jes' ris/ ? Does no one stay here but my aunt ? Is there no man on the place ?' ' The overseer stays in that little house over yonder at the edge of the field, and the black people that works the piace lives in them cabins in the field nigher to the river. You must 'ave Been 'em as you come.' Euth. remembered that ehe had seen, from the higher ridge on which she rode, a group of cabins in the middle of a field that extended from the river nearly to the Louse. 'I will walk about the grounds until Mrs. Har land gets up/ she said. As she passed the dog he growled savaeely. ?It's a good thing for you that somebody chained him/ the mulattress said, with a grim smile. ? Must 'ave bees the overseer. He turns him looEe every night.*' Ziuth walked about the' back, yard, gathering here and there a flower from the nntrimmed, wild-looking .shrubbery, and presently opened a . gate that led into an orchard, tempted by the eight of some ripe figs bursting scarlet through their purple skins. The orchard was grassy and neglected — the trees and vines trapruued, and many of the latter old and ragged-looking, with mossy trunks pierced by the bill of the wood pecker. The enclosure was not wide ; and back of it stretched a tract of wild land, uneven and sparsely wooded, ezcept in one spot, just outside the orchard, where there was a cluster of trees, one of them a magnificent live oak hung with inosB. Near this tree there was an oval-shaped something that looked like a green mound, but vas presently seen to be a small building nearly covered with vines. To get a nearer look at this, and at the picturesque old live oak, Euth crossed the orchard and got over the low stile'. She found herself upon ground which it seemed had once been the site of a dwelling, for here and there was a venerable apple tree or a crape myrtle, old and bearded with mossy tags. A heap of decayed timbers and bricks, mixed with earth and overgrown with bushes, appeared to be the ruins of a house. Bat Hvtth fcsxdly looted at these. -She was attracted by the singular appearance of the mound-looking structure in the shadow of the live oak. It was now seen to be a small, low building, not over eight feet in height and breadth, and ten in length — so muffled in wild ivy and trumpet vines that its original material of brick and cement could only be guessed at. Was it a tomb ? Euth thought it looked fit to be nothing else. And the moss-shrouded oak, the ivy, the desolate look of the place had a funereal Beggestion. But where was the door of the tomb ? It must be at the other end, she thought, and she started around to see ; but her eteps were arrested by ttte sound of a voice — a man's voice, speaking impatiently : ' Well, can't you decide? 'Don't you see this kind of thing can't go on ? It's too great a risk, and too much trouble. I'm tired with it, dis gusted with it, and it can be put an end to if you will but say the word.' ' I cannot — it is too dreadful !' The stifled voice was a woman's. 'Is it as bad as being tied down here in sus pense ? Tou have grown chicken-hearted. You were not so once, when this little hand ? ' ^ ? Silence ! Have I not told you that you should not speak of that to me ?' Now Euth knew the voice ; it^was Selma liar land's. Astonishment held her motionless. The voice went on : 'Do you think I could Btay here a day, an hour, after that was done ?' ' 2Jonsen.se ! What would be the diffflrA-nno ? And, you need do nothing. Not a hand needa to be raised. Only be quiet, keep away, and the deed will accomplish itself. Jf you object to staying here afterward, why not go away ¥' ' You know well that I have no money. The Bale of the estate will not take place till fall.* ' You eaid jovl could get money — you had a plan on foot. '-' De Castro ? * ' Hush ! What is that ?' The harsh voice of the mulatto woman was heard from the house calling : ' Monk ! O-o-o. Monk !' The man exclaimed angrily : ' Ten to one that little devil hasn't followed us i» spy and listen! That is Phemy 'calling her. i will go across the woods to the field. Think over that thing. If a time this business was ended. It's too risky, and too cussed disagree able to you. It's made you as pale as a ghost. Say the word, and let ifc end. Besides, I must liave my reward. I have waited long enough.* 'Go!' Ehe cried, her voice at once pleading and imperious. Euth heard him move off in the opposite direc tion from where, she stood. She could not see Mm, the building being between them. She had . stood still, at first through surprise at suddenly hearing' the strange tone and words, then through wavering whether to go forward and intrude upon the interview, or to step softly back over the dewy grass and leave them unsuspicious of her presence. Before she could decide, the strange conversation ended. One of the interlocutors 'went away, leaving Mrs. Harland, as it seemed, /-one. . '£ will gpj^o her/ thought Euth. As she stood, with one foot advanced, she heard a stifled moan, then a low cry of suppressed jjingaieh. '*.%.' \- * Oh,* God, what 'roiseryj -what slavish fear, one ect has entailed upon me!' - ' 'What can .she' mean ?' -wondered Euth. . ' i~ Sheitood, perplexed and hesitating, a moment; then she decided to go on. Making a rustle -among the bushes as she parted them, she step ped around the angle of the Tine-covered bnild Ang, and«ame face to face with the pale, startled woman, who stared at heraa if she had been a , ^tutfi briefly explained her presence : '?' *I have iuBt come. I could not get into the house, j fought you were not -up, and deter-) \- minfid-SS walk about -until yon were. I did not v expect ;to find you here. This strange building ^atti^t^me; thenlieardyoiceB-— — ' ? .???'-' %...; 53roi£Miuw^lferbr?6r-$rg?readinif her face. ' ?:': |^^;^*6^p^iam'%deciaed-^hetherto: mm_\m£BBm&sm; \mmm nate and overhearing. But I am foiend to de pend upon him. I knew nothing about business. I wish from my'heart I could turn him off/ (to be -coxtikijed.) 