THE ELECTION. MR. WANT'S MEETING. The first public meeting in the election campaign was held on Saturday night, when Mr. J. H. Want (candidate for the Govern- ment side of the Assembly) addressed the electors. —It— was— held --in --tho Assembly' TToll nnrl ran c? o f f iirwlrirl Krr nVirnnf novo/ina Besides the candidate, the following gentle men sat upon the platform : — Rev. M. Gray (Church of England minister in Cootamun dra) ; Mr. T. M. Slattery, M.P. for Bur rowa; Messrs. P. J. O'Donnell, J.P., P. Bennison, J.P. (of Wallondbeen) ; A. N. Taylor, and J. J. Miller, — with representa tives of tho local press. On motion of Messrs. Bennison and Taylor, Mr. O'Donnell was voted to the chair. Tho Chairman said he had had very little notion that be was to f ake the chair ; but, however, he had great pleasure in doing so, and in introducing to the electors so capable aud 'worthy a man as Mr. J. H. 'Want. They should remember Gundagai in the past, which had always been represented by ment he very ablest among their politicians — such men as Macleaj', Forster, Leary, aud their now retiring friend Mr. Bruce Smith. As to Mr. Want, he must prove his own fitnoss for Parliament and for tho represen tation of Gundagai ; but he (the chairman) did not hesitate to say that he was a gentle man of ability and fitness, and that he would worthity follow in the footsteps of his predecessors. The candidate opposed to Mr. Want was.Mr. James Watson, who, he believed, had not the courage to come amongst them, but had sent his brother to play gooseberry for him at Gundagai. They could not afford to give Young three mem bers, which they would be doing if they elected Mr. Watson. However, if ho were to talk for any length of time he could not persuade them to give their votes to Mr. Want, but no doubt that gentleman would be able to do so ; and he had much pleasure in introducing him to the olectors. Mr. Want was received with loud cheers. He said he was before them seeking their suffrages, and he had to thank them for coming out to hear him that night, to ? enable him to explain his views to them with reference to the politics of the colony and their interest to the people of this electorate. It would not be out of place for him to point out, before touching upon politics, why he came as a candidate for Gundagai. He had noticed in some of the papers that some blaiue was attached to their late member, Mr. Bruce Smith, for supporting his candidature ; and he did not complain about that:' but he would tell them just what occurred in the matter of inducements to him and 'why he consented to come for Gundagai. On his arrival in the colony from England a few days ago he received a letter and telegrams from persons who urged that Parliament needed such men as himself — from men. who were disgusted with the abuses which had sprung '~lip inTconnection with the land laws of the colony, and who. were determined not to allow those abuses to be continued ; and he was asked to stand for the electorate of Canterbury, where he would have been elected without any trouble to himself : but ho preferred to come here, because he knew that Gundagai had always elected men not one of whom could be called a ' duffer' — they had never had a bad egg ; their uepresentatives had been men beyond reproach in their personal character, whose public services deserved to be written in letters of gold. He felt that he was corni rig among men of sufficient intelligence to know what they were fjabout, aud he felt that it would be an honour worth striving for to represent such a constituency. He fouud, toD, that a gentleman was coming for Gun dagai who wanted to saddle upon the country this old land law. Knowing all this, he con sented to stand. He had as largo a stake in the country as Mr. Watson, though ho had not as many dollars perhaps; and he felt sure that that gentleman would not get in for Canterbury ; so he came here to oppose him. In the first place, he came then as a can didate for Parliament because his interest in the country's welfare was as deep as theirs. ; but it was not so much out of consideration, for his own interests that he came as for those ' r of the struggling people who would settle upon the land — not moneyed men, but those who by their sweat made the country's wealth ; for it was not tho capitalist but the hard-working labourer and tiller of the soil who made the wealth of the country. Where would the capitalists be without the labour ers?'' He had boon asked — 'What ticket are you going to travel on ?' He had replied that he intended to bo a thoroughly indepen dent man ; that he belonged to no party ; was not going in for Government or any other contracts; that he intended to stand ? ? on.his own bottom ; but-th at-h o- w oul d~su' p~ ' port tho present Government until their Land Bill was passed — that if, after that measure was passed, they introduced bene ficial measures, he would continue to sup port them ; but othorwiso ho would as strongly oppose them. Having said this, it remained for him to show why he would so act as their representative. First of all, what did this Land Bill refer to ? To whom did the lands belong ? Tho lands wore thoirs — the people's, not the Govorrlmont's. He would ask them to regard the lands as their own; but he knew that they woro too intelli gent to claim that the laws for tho adminis tration of tho lands should not bo fair and. equitable to all. As to the author of tho present land laws, he bogged to bo allowed to pay his tribute of respect to Sir John Robertson, who to-day stood as high iu public estimation as any others of their public men [Voice: 'Barring Sir James i Martin'] S\r James had got fat, but Sir ? John had gut thin (laughter). He was proud i to call Sir John Robertson his personal friend. But as to his bill, it was a failure. No doubt Sir John had been actuated by tho very best motives in framing his land .system ; but, unfortunately, he had boeu greatly mistaken as to its oporation. People broke through the law. [Voice: 'The Squatters.'] Lot him show how tho land laws had been abused. He was a lawyer — [Voice: 'And a good ono.'] Some objec tions were made to lawyers being in Parlia ment ; but he would ask what sort of mem bers Yass aud Burrowa had ? [Voice : 'Very good ones.'] Then he wanted to come as another. He would ask them this — if they required legal advice and , it was given them without any charge, would tlioy not come and consult him often ?? Then he would have to work for them day and night in Parliament, if they elected him. As to the old Land Act, what had Mr. Watson said? He supported it &s; it was; so that, if they wanted the old state of things con tinued, they should then strike his (Mr. Want's) name off the ballot-paper. His own experience as a lawyer had told him that men had been run into heavy legal expenses in trying to establish themselves and families in comfortable homes. The husband, tho wife, and family had been driven like slieep to tho shambles : and they asked in despair, 'What are wo to do?' Throughout the whole length of this land (and be was glad to be able to call it his laud, which he had found not to be licked in his recent travel) — throughout this land money which should have gone towards making happy homes had gone to the lawyers ; and to the lawyers there were no fees which wero received so unsatis factorily as those paid by the poor hardwork ing settler, to receive which often made their hearts bleed — it was almost painful at times to receive such fees. It meant money in his and in any othor lawyer's pocket to perpetu ate the present land^s ystem ; but they' pre ferred to see that money saved to. the industrious settlers and their wives and families and in founding homesteads. Now, ho would refer them to a report' mado on the wholo question at the request of the present. Government, by two commissioners specially qualified to deal with the task com mitted to them. See what they, said about the old Land Act. (Mr. Want hero pro duced sketch maps or diagrams submitted by Messrs. Morris and Eanken in connection with their report, sho.wing how estates had been aggregated By. selection on the frontages, by which the back lands had been rendered useless for settlement. Ono parti cular instance named was that on the Clarence River, where, while the lessee had 250,000 acres, there wero only 250 acres in boua-fide selection, 'and this without any prelease— absQlutely-nono.) — Ho-had-just-as much respect for squatters as for the free selectors, so long as they honestly complied with the law ; but the rich lands of tho country had been and were being picked out, leaving no. room for settling -the cultivators on them ; settlement was completely__shut. out. And yet Mr. Watson condemned the Government's proposal for auction leases as absurd. He cited another case of a run on which there were 35,000 acres held by the lessee to 2,000 acres by bona-fide selectors, without prelease, as before, and all the frontage land secured by the lessee by the ghosts of erysipelas patients and the ghosts of old Waterloo veterans. There was no' choice of position loft to the selectors ; the lands were hemmed in iu impregnable posi tions, whore it was inyjossjhlo for bona-fi.de men to penetrate ; aud then an accommodating surveyor would place a selector just where he was wanted to put him. Now, let him show further what this Land Act had done. Thore was an old story — ' It was no use talking — tho apparatus can't lie ;' and~ltere~ was a plan which showed the increases and decreases of population in the towns and the country in the colony siuce 1861. At that timethere were 159,630_people-i n-the-to wn a— and 189,320 rural residents; while in 1881 thero were 433,391 in towns, and 314,850 in the country. It was shown by the land com missioners that, while the increase iu the population of the colony for the last decon uial period had been 247,000, only 49,000 was shown as the increase outside of towns and villages. Where had tho people gono to ? They had gone to work on the* railway and other contracts and in Government billets ; 'they*3 found themselves better off in the townships. They could not find homes for themselves in the country. What he wanted to do now was to bring before them the bill introduced by tho present Government. He proceeded to show first that Mr. Watson was fnvourablo at ono time to the principle of fixity of teuuro to tho lessees; but whon Sir John Robertson came back into power he suddenly turned round against this. Whon the House rejected Sir John's consolidating bill Mr. Stuart foreshadowed his policy. The Ministry _ap.pe,n.led„to-tho-coniitr-v-?i ml- ? 'they -were defeated ; and notwithstanding that Mr. Watson came hero and asked them to accept this old Land Act. ^Sir- John Robertson, on the other hand (\vT5ff* by tiie way, had forgotten more than Mr. Watson ever knew), said if tho country condemned the bill he would admit that ho was wrong and tho Opposition right. IIo afterwards, like a good old warrior, accepted his defeat. As to the new Land Bill, all would admit tho necessity for a radical change in the law; and ho submitted that the Government had placed tho best programme before the country, though' he did not admit that it was perfect ; and if ho found at the end of ten years that it was not a favourable system he would not support it. But thov would readily admit that tho Government wero actuated by tho bost intentions— that their measure would break down bad fooling, and prove an advantage to tho country. What did tho new bill proposo ? First, to do away with the indiscriminate selection before survey, which had led to so much disappoint ment and loss to the settlers. That sort of thing was to bo stopped. Could any one object to it ? No ono— except Mr. Watson. Then the country was to be divided into three districts.' The present system com pelled people who wont out back to be subject to .the. same penalties as those who were landed at their jnvn gates ; and there was no distinction between rich lauds and poor ones. That ought to be reversed ; and tho only way to do justly in this matter was to divide the country into classes. Could anyone object to that? No ore— except Mr. Watson. Tho next proposal was the division of runs. In connection with this matter he referred to the case of Mr. Ogilvie, who, he said, had been compelled to spend large sums of xnon.ey unnecessarily in securing his estate, whereas, it tho runs wero divided, as they wore in Queensland;, there would be room enough for tho squatferT and there would jje land enough left for agricultural settlement ; ' while the division would be fair inasmuch as the squatter would not know which half he was to have. As to the abolition oE auction sales, was there any mah''fn his senses who could n.joctto that? It was 'a serious thing* for them to part with the crown estate in a wholesalo manner ; and it was useless try ing to induce immigration to tho colon}' if we did so ; for then people coming from England and elsewhere would find no land left to settle upon. The man who came here to advocate auction sales was only a lunatic. [Voice, 'What about Chinese immigra tion ?'] If tiiey asked Mr. Watson, who had put them on board his steamers, he would bo able to supply tho information. Tho next1 good thing in the bill was the provision for local land boards. On this h« alluded again to his personal experience as a lawyer of the hardships suffered by poor settlers being dragged to Sydney in. connec tion with perhaps trifling law suits, which should be dealt with in the country. There was no justice so good and so cheap and effective as when brought to their own door. Then what could be fairer than the Goverti ment proposal to give them these country land courts ? Another good thing was the proposed railway reserves, of which he approved, and which would do a great deat of good for the countrj'. — These were the chief principles of tho Land Bill ; and he would say in conclusion, if they did not like his principles, they could strike out' his name.. If they wanted to continuo this old ghoul of a land system, let them return Mr. Watson. What he had said he meant, and he would stick to ; and if they did not like him, they could leave him alone.— Mr. Want then alluded to the question of lower ing the railway rates, and urged that they shoiild' be made as low as possible; the Government should be satisfied to get a fair percentage from Jhem, as the railways, like the roads, opeued up the country. [Voice : 'What about the Government's four- ton rates ?'] ' Well,' he did not know anything about_them-;-he-had~only just returned to the colony after a trip to the old country, and it was probable that questions had been under discussion that he was not acquainted with: but he would be glad to answer questions at the close of his speech. — One, other thing he would touch upon was the new Licensing Act. He thought that Act should be amended, as it was undoubtedly harsh in its operation, and there should be no more hardships placed upon publicans than upon others. The- present Act contained hardships which he would do his best to amend.— He said, he would also like to make some reference to the gentleman who was coming to oppose him, and in justice to himself — though it sounded like egotism— he would ask them to draw a 'Ipi'de^distinotioir Between Mr. Watson and him. He had more right on his side than Mr. Watson had. In the first place the principles of the Land Bill, which he sup -portedrwere approved by the country ; and Mr. Watson opposed that measure. He was a native of the country ; and a member of a profession in which there was a high sense of honour; and his social and moral character wero unblemished, though he did not say this by way of blow ; and he defied James or W. J. Watson to say even one word against him in his private or his public character. Against James Watson, on the other hand, he had something to say, and challenged him to deny it. Mr. Want then proceeded to charge Mr. Watson... with- some- sharp practices in connection with the tolls levied upon the Circular Quay, saying that this charge was brought against him iu the House. He then alluded to the case con nected wi:h Mason over the railway con tract, in which for Mr. Watsou's side it was shown he had arranged for tho payment of £6,000 to himself, he being a Minister of the crown, as his share of the profits in a Go vernment contract. And Mr. Watson now wantod ^ho~e'lBctofs~of~Gundhgai to white wash him, and after he had been kicked out of Young and Illawaira. Ho quoted from the Yass Courier the opinion of that paper ou Mr. Watson's canditure ; and he asked the electors if they were going to slime over such a man, to stultify themselves, and turn lound and send him into Parliament ? He (Mr. Want) desired to go into Partiameut for the sake of distinction ; while Mr. Wat son desired to get a coat of paint. — ITo had slid enough ; and was quite willing that they should be weighed in the scale of public opinion. If tho electors WjUited the old state of things to continue, they should put in Mr. Watson ; if they aimed at progress with reform, ho should support him : and he was before them with nothing to be ashamed of. If Mr. Watson came before them with a spotless reputation, all well and good ; but ho could not stand that gentleman's coming here to talco the place of men who had served tho electorato iu the past. If they placed thoir confidence in hiru (Mr. Want) they would not be disappointed, and he fel ^ that they would never havo cause tc regret., their act if they returned him to Parliament. Mr. Want resumed his seat amidst loud and continued applause, and he was applauded almost intermittently during his address. He spoke fluently, and displayed a ready wit in retort. Mr. Slattery (who was loudly called for) also addressed the meeting, in a humorous strain, and tirged the electors to consider well the duty they had to perform, and to reflect that the eyes of the whole country were upon them in this contest. He claimed that he had a right as a representative of the colony to come and help his friend Mr. Want in the election, and hoped that they would in a determined manner return that gentleman as their representative. He related some of his own experiences in Parliament, and spoke proudly of the 1 honour of having worked side by side with the late William Forster as the member for Gundagai. He urged selectors to rally up and vote for Mr. Want. The Chairman asked if any questions were to be put. A qestion was asked if Mr. Want was in favour of the immigration vote. Mr. Want said he was, but that he thought the immigration should be confined to Europeans [Voice: 'We don't want Manchester weavers here.'] The Chairman then took the sense of the meeting as to whether Mr. Want was a fit and proper person„to represent the electorate of Gundagai in Parliament; and a very large number of hands was held up for him, and none against him. The Chairman said ho was agreeably surprised at the result. Mr. Want acknowledged the compli ment ; and proposed thanks to the chairman. The Chairman replied, and made a vigorous speech ; after which cheers wero given for the Queen, and the public meeting closed. 