Sunday Evening Lecture, Professor Simon delivered his second lecture in Goulburn last, Sunday evening'. The large room in the upstairs portion of the Oddfellows' building was the place of meeting, and ¡1 fair number attended to hear what, the Professor had to say on ' The Great Death-Struggle of Christianity in Australia, or the Fearful War between the Mortals and the Ghosts.'' In the course of his preliminary remarks, the lec turer said he considered himself bound to make a few observations in reply to the letter which the Rev. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine had written by way of answer to his lecture of the previous Sunday even ing. If there was one quality which a lecturer or pulpit preacher should give evidence of more than any other, it was a gentlemanly character. He should show a refinement and courtesy that would prevent him from having recourse to mere abuse. From beginning to end of the worthy divine's letter there was not a single attempt at reasoning. The rev. gentleman simply dogmatised, referred to him (the speaker) as a Mr. Nobody, and in short resorted to sheer abuse. What little he did say outside of this was mere hypothesis. In Mr. Martin's reply to' Mr. Bright, he saw nothing more than what was continually exhibited by all his orthodox friends, viz.. a simple denial without the slightest attempt at proving a single assertion made. Not only this, but Mr. Martin spoke disrespectfully of Mr. Bright and Freethinkers generally. This: was not the way to settle the great question at issue. He was pre pared to meet any clergyman or layman, and dis cuss the matter with them on' the public platform, and- would challenge the Rev, Mr. Irvine to meet him publicly. He (Mr. Simon) had never seen tho rev. gentleman, nor had he ever had a description given him of what Mr. Irvine was like, but from his' letter he 'should conclude that the writer had' tho organ combativeness pretty well developed. He was further satisfied that 'the rev. gentleman was possessed of no small amount of reasoning power, but this he did not use in the right direction. Mr. Simon also gave the audience his opinion of the Salvation Army. That body he considered true re- presentatives of Christianity since its members were firm believers in all the superstitions surrounding that form of religion. Members of other denominations were willing to admit that there were portions of tho Scripture which should be received cum- qrano salix, but the Salvationists firmly believed in all the terrible teachings of the Bible. He regretted that in this enlightened age men were to be found who would adhere to such forms of belief, but so far as his observation had gone, he was satisfied that tho followers of the Army were men 'and women who were physically and mentally unsound. Speaking to the subject of the lecture Mr Simon undertook first of all to show that in the past men were actuated in their method of thought by great and ghastly superstitions and that all various faiths, creeds or dogmas, originated in the uneducated imagination of man. The great struggle has been and is the war of facts revealed to us through ex- perience and the alleged inspired teaching of a God. Inspired religion first developed in the human mind in those dark and ignorant days when education was unknown. Man then witnessed remarkable phenomena on every side as he does to-day. Con-' fronted with tho awful and terrible workings of nature he could not understand what his eyes be held. He was bewildered and fell upon his knees. He pictured to himself a mighty being and prayed to this ideal. Then again- when peace, and quietness reigned over tho earth—when the gales ceased—the birds renewed their silvery songs'—the flowers sent forth their sweet perfume and all seemed rest, fresh tales were told of the supposed cause of this more pleasant condition of things and so different con ceptions sprang into existence about the Deity and found acceptance amongst the, people. The' more terrible the picture the more sway had the idea over the popular mind, and the 'superstitious tendency of the human race being soon discovered was made use of by certain, parties who saw in this circumstance a means whereby they might hold the people in awe and become possessed of power 'over the masses. The book of Leviticus he considered as containing an awful testimony to this fact. Tho 25th chapter 45th verse was here quoted by the speaker and according to it slavery was commanded, but experience 'had taught man that his highest duty was to aspire to liberty and give to all -people that privilege. Chapter X of Leviticus was next referred to,-where Aaron and his two remaining sons are commanded to eat for one meal—one goat kid, two rams two young calves, one bullock, and' one 'meal offering mingled with oil. The Professor did not think it possible for three men to -enjoy appetites capable of accomplishing such a feat as was here set forth, and he contended that the idea was merely to work upon the credulity of the people, and set aside for future use a good store of provisions.. It was the fear of provoking God's anger which kept many from in- vestigating as they otherwise would have done, and portions of chapters 17, 19, and 20 of the same book were read to show how the people are kept down by threats. The manner of forgiving sins as laid down in Leviticus.16th chapter was next dwelt on, and the course of procedure ridiculed. Further quota tions were also adduced to show that God is repre- sented in the Bible as teaching doctrines which pre vent men from using their thinking faculties, and living in the world after a manner,which is indirect conformity with all that expedience and our own' nature dictate. Mr. Simon also contended that the same spirit has prevailed throughout the history of the Christian Church, which he said held' people in its grasp through working on the superstition of the human race. He, however, thought that the day was fast approaching when all would be changed and as education advanced, so would superstition die out. If some men had not stepped outside the old narrow groove and cast aside the teachings of their childhood all the great advantages and' privileges which the world enjoys to-day would be unknown to the human race. Condillac, Kant, Clarke, Malbranche, Hegel, Hobbes, Spinoza, Pascal, Newton, Galileo and Leibnitz were spoken of as 'shining-lights amongst the Freethinkers. Tho investigation and observation entered upon by them had been followed up by others whose studies, researches, and whose writings,had beautified the field of literature and opened tho eyes of the world to the loveliness of our universe, instilling ' all with a desire to still further inquire into the laws of Nature which call into full display the fmnctions, the higher sentiments appreciations and aspirations of man. Some people might ask why he did not relate some of the good laws of the Bible.' The reason was that not one good law or moral precept was contained therein which was not born of human experience, and in proof of this he would refer his audience to the ancient Vedas,' tho Sastras and the Maba Barada ; -That Freethought was advancing in these days' anyone who looked around him might see and still further progress would be made by it in the future : The lecturer concluded by encouraging ail present to join the Freethought Association which was about to be formed in Goulbiirn, and of which Mr. Loughrain would, lac a member. That- gcntlcmini had lccturcrl in Adelaide and he would continue- to lecture every Sunday night in Goulburn on,kindred fubjects to those with which he had been dealing ■ 