Local and General. A cmrnpEDB six inches in length was killed amongst some old timber in Mi&cquariestreet; on Thursday. In onr advertising columns Savings Bank depositors are requested to ctill at the office for their pass books. Thb provisions of the Nuisances Prevention Act will come into force in the Municipal district of Penrith on the 1st of January next. Thb contractor for the high-level bridge across the railway line below the Harris Park platforms has commenced operations, and. the work is proceeding satisfactorily. • Achnq 8DB-IaaEEcxoa TINMNM,- accompanied by .his wife and family, arrived at Parramatta on Wednesday, and commenced his duties Uie followingda' A las named (John Edrop was admitted to the Parramatta Hospital on Thursday. It appears that he was thrown from a horse at l'enrith about three weeks ago, and fractured his collar-bone. His injuries were attended to at the time, but he came to faxramatta as stated for further treatment. The following selections were taken up at the Parramatta J^nds Office on Monday:— I/ewis Peterson, 40 acres, parish of Castle H£U; Homas Marshall, 400 acres, parish Cowan; John Campbell Hamilton, 100 acres, parish Cowan; -Barton Haigh, jnn., 130 acres, parish South Colah. • A lux named Patrick IPCormack, suffering from burns on the face and one hand, was received into the Parramatta Hospital on Wednesday. Hie was working at Sooth Greek, and his caught fire the previous evening. In endeavouring to save Home of hi6 property he received the injuries stated, and everything he possessed was destroyed. , Texdkbs for the undermentioned works close on the dates specified:—600 cubic- yardsof maintenancemetal onthe mainWesterti Road, from Cross Boads to Burjrood Hal, 24th fnf*»"t Supply of building stone, etc., during 1885; erection of Bridge over Chain of Ponds Creek, oa'xoad Rirhmnnd to Penrith, 25th «nhnL Erection af.jcuwmb buildings, Lunatic Asylum, Gladeevflle, 16th December. Ok Thursday, the 13th instap t, while MIS. eg was attempting to get into'a cart standin front of Mr. James Purser's residence at"North Bocks she slipped and fell to the ground. The horse then started ott, and one of the wheels of the cut passed along her body, fmwiiig a nasty bruise over one eye, bat fortunately doing no other injury. • ' This afternoon one of the most extensive land sales that have taken place in this district r for a long time past will be held. The land is in jm"""*"**" proximitv to the RosehiU racecourse, and is beautifully situated. Six hundred and seventeen allotments will be submitted, and as the terms are exceedingly liberal there should be keen competition. Messrs. Hardie and Gorman will be the auctioneers. Ax accident of a severe nature happened to alittle boy, aged eight yean, son of Mr. Jaa. Purser, of North Bocks, on Wednesday evening. Hie occasion was the little fellow's birthday, fit his father placed him upon a horse, when the MiimJ suddenly started off and passed m»«w a. clothes-line stretched across the yard. ThiB drew the boy off the horse, and he fell to the ground, tewing one of his arms. The limb was set by Dr. Waugh, What might have proved A very seriousaccident occurred at the Vietuim Theatre while the ceedingon Wedneedayevening. A Jadysittingon the left-hand side of the dress circle pressed her feet against one of the iron balustrades, when it gave way and foil to "the* floorof the stalls, narrowly escaping striking some of; the audience in the latter part of the house in its The balustrade was broken, bat the damage has singe beearectified. Weunderstand the 'accident was caused by defective fsshtiings. . - : ^ - Sbokxlt after 6 o'clock on Wednesday evening a cab containing Dr. Bowling and one of his eons, and driven by a man named Batters, ; was overturned in Church-street. It appears that the cab, preceded by a van owned by Mr. John Parsons, and driven by Edward Clarke, •tnm proceeding Chnrch-stroet, from laabeUajbceet. A vehicle was standing on the side of the road opposite Mr. Caddy's shop, and in u it tiie hone in the van shied at gome- hing,*and rushed across to the opposite side, the off wheel of the van becoming locked between the near wheel andepring-of the cab, which was jut 'jewing bis van.* lbs horse 1 latter vehiSe kBpt making for the Opposite side of the road the cab was ovatamed in .front of-Mr. Brogiten'a shop. The driver was Uubwn from his seat'right aarosa the footpath, bat escaped with a few alight brtiiaa,vbSfe J>r. Bowling and his sen' untainted. The cab rely accidental, both men careful diirtuj , tr- aa Hbti, H.OKi$onr,a lady Wio wsopifcd the pod. Uie"Prol^^mtOrph^B^^l Pwoi^tt^for a "S3_y£aia,an4 Jrai tranferred to the •shbol i few months ago, died' at that place on Sunday. A Btrxotra has been circulated to the effect that a Polioe Magistrate was to be appointed for Panamatta in January next, but as no pro-' vision has bein made on the intimites for such an official, it is not very probable that we shall .have a Police M agistrato next year. Dcbxno the week some of the suburban passenger trains commenced to stop at the Harris Park platforms. Passengers csn be picked up and set down at these platforms by the trains departing from ParramaUa and Sydney at the following hoars:—From Panamatta: 4.60, 7.10,8, 9.25, 10.2S a.m.; 12.10, 2, 3.38,4.30, 6.38, 7, 8.4S, 10.40 p.m. Fsom Sydney: 6, 7, 8,10 a.m.; 12, 2.30,440,5.25, 6.30, 7, 9.30, 10.30, 11.26 p.m. We consider that some protection from the weather should be provided on the platforms for passengers. Facie the current number of the " Australasian Medical Gazette " we learn that Sir Henry Thompson, F.R.C.8.E., having xead in the July number the paper on '* Digital Exploration of the Bladder, , by - Dr. Bowling, of Parlamatta, has presented that gentleman with a copy of his latest work, entitled "Tumours of the Bladder," with the inscription:—'* To Dr. C. K. Bowling, with Sir Hienry Thompson's best compliments and sincere congratulations." On Thursday evening a lecture was given in the Primitive Methodist Church by Mr. S. Clarke, subject—"Ghosts and witches." The lecturer was introduced by this Bev. B. Kenny, who related some amusing instances of supposed Witchcraft. Mr. Clarke gave an interest' lecture, which was interspersed with sevi "ghost yams," and was listened to with great attention by a.fair audience. At the conclusion of the lecture a collection was taken up. After a vote of thanks had been accorded the lecturer, and the Bev. B. Kenny had pronounced the benediction, the audience dispersed. • .Tija scholars attending St. Mark's (Darling Point) Sunday school had a picnic in the Park on Thursday. They were conveyed to the tram wharf in steamers, and from thenca by trams to the Park. A little girl managed to slip into the river at the tram wharf, but was rascued by Mr. James Thompson, of Churchstreet, who plunged in after her. later in the day an other of the picnicers, a little boy named Rn-flcii Williams, aged 10 years, was climbing a tree in the Park, when the limb on which he was resting gave way, and he fell to the ground, breaking his left arm at the elbow. He was taken to the Panamatta Hospital, and Dr. Curtayne set the limb, A MEjmso of the members of the No. 2 Parramatta Volunteer Fire Brigade Company was held atTattersaU's Hotel on Thursday evening, Mr. S. Crouch presiding. Correspondence was read from Messrs. Hobbs and Hilton, Sydney, offering to supply 2| inch patent seamless flax hose, indiarubber lined, tanned, No. 1 quality, at Is lid per foot; 2f inch gun metal hose unions at 13s 6d each; attaching ends, with strong copper wire over leather to unions, 2s each. From Mr. John Danks, Sydney, stating that he could supply hydrants at £6 10s each; and 2$ inch lined hose at 2s 7d per foot. It was reported that the sub-committee had drawn up a code of roles for the management of the Brigade, and that the collector had commenced his duties. The meeting then adjourned for a fortnight, when the rules will be brought up for adoption. THE remains of the late Mr. William Abbott, who died at his residence, Grose-street, on Monday evening, were accorded a funeral by the members of the local branches of the Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows and Ancient Order of Druids, to which societies the deceased had belonged for some years. He was a Past Arch Druid, and the collar presented to him by his lodge on the occasion of his elevation to that office was borne upon the coffin, which was also decorated with four wreaths, one of which was com- posed entirely of leaves of the oak. In accordance with the request of the deceased the Oddfellows' service was read at his residence by G.. James Anderson. A procession, consisting of upwards of 50 Druids, about 30 Oddfellows, and 40 of the public was then formed, and proceeded to St. John's Church, the pall bearers being Past Arch Druids H. Crisp and James Telfer, and P.P.G.M's George and John Paul, of the Odd- fellows. The Rev. A. I. O'Reilly conducted the service at the church, at the conclusion of which the procession reformed and proceeded to St. John's cemetery. The Rev. A. I. O'Reilly officiated at the grave, and Past 'rch Druid Telfer read the service peculiar to the Druids. Thb forthcoming contest between Shaw'i team of cricketers and eighteen git jets of Cumberland forms the chief topic ofconversa tin in cricketing circles. - The name of Mr. W. A. Brodie was omitted in our last issue from the list of players picked to practice on behalf of the county. Following is the complete list:—Boon, Brodie, Bennett, Baird, Iiyder, Little, Maybury, Neale, Butter, 8chwartzkoS, Thompson and Walford, Parramatta ; T. Docker, Granville; W. Dafiy, Homsby; Power and P. Pearce, Seven Hills; Palmer, Blacktowu; A. Evans, T.Player and Jaa. Cleeve, Penrith; Nagte andRhackleton, Panamatta Hospital for Insane ; Spnrway and J." Docker, Byde. The team practice on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, from 3.30 p.m. The ground is ii order, and some first-classplay on both should result. A temporary grandstand, capable of accommodating from three to foar hundred people^ will be erected in the enclosure, and eveiy convenience and accommodation provided for the. public, bat it is understood that the Bark trustees will not allow intoiinsting liquors to be sold on the ground. A band will perform each day, and excursion fares axe to be charged on this railway lines. The rights in connection with the mntch wiU be sold by Mr. W. A- Brodie at noon on Tuesday next. 