PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. THURSDAY, DEC. 4. The PRESIDENT took the chair at 25 minutes toO o'clock. RAILWAYS CONSTRUCTION BILL!. On the motion of Mr CAMrnru., a supplementary message was sent to the Assembly, containing some amendments made by the Council in this bill, but accidentally omitted from the previous message LOAN BILL Colonel SARGOOD moved the second reading; of this bill. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was passed through its remaining stages, and returned to the Assembly WATERWORKS ACT 1871 AMENDMENT BILL Mr. CAMPBELL moved the second reading of this bill. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was committed On clause H, "Pavmcntof commissioners," Mr LORIMER asked why the Commissioners were to be paid for their services? Mr CUTHBERT explained that the revenue was about £18000, and that the amount divisible amongst the seven com mi "powers would be from 12 to WOO near. 'J bej met once a fortnight The tax upon the time of the chairman was very great The clause was agreed to, as was also the remainder of the measure, and the bill was passed through its remaining stages, and returned to the Assembly t HOW N LANDS BILL rl his bill was received from the Assembly with a message intimating the (decision of that 1 house as to the amendments made by the Council Ordered to be taken into consideration on Tuesday NOLUNTLDR S TAI Um 1865 AMENDMENT BILL On the motion of Colonel SARGOOD, this bill was passed through its remaining stages, and sent to the Assembly LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT AMEND MENT BILL I he consideration of this bill in committee was resumed, commencing with the following new clause, which had been proposed by Sir Zeal " If the council of any municipality shall exercise the powers con[Liri. 760 such council may make and levy rates upon the occupiers of all the houses in the lmmieipaliiv or of such of them from which night soil may be removed either uniform or van and an amount as may be determined. by the course 1 but no MI h rate shall be less than Rv L shillings per annum nor more than forty Billings per annum in respect of each house from which the soil may be remov i d and bitch rates may be recov ores in the same manner as rates are re severance under the Act Ivo Mil!. IheCltAIHMAN stated that he had considered since yesterday the new clause proposed by Mr. Zeal, and had come to the conclusion after consulting authorities that this House had no power to insert the clause Mr Jl NNLK asked if the clause could not be inserted in italics or red ink, as was done in similar cases before the CHAIHSI'vN-Ihe committee can disagree with my ruling Mr 1LNNLK remarked that the 5th section of the Constitution Act did not prevent the Council from dealing with the clause because the bill was not one imposing any duty array Crate was incidentally imposed, but it would not go into the consolidated revenue, and therefore it was not a tax within the meaning of the been on The Dog Hill was ruled out of one a last session by the Speaker but the Speaker was certainly not correct in doing so in the Council did not stand by their rights and privileges, they might as well shut their doors Mr CUUUSUU observed that the rate imposed by the clause was a municipal rate, affecting a portion of the community only It horn no other motive than that of preserv- ing the privileges of the House, he would support the insertion of the clause Dr HEARN said that the powers and privileges of the House appeared to be gradually slipping away For a considerable time past a distinct tendency had been shown in another place to limit the privileges of this House, not alone by the Constitution Act, but also by the usages and precedents which had been established between the House of Commons and the House of Lords, owing to the latter body habitually acquiescing in the rejection of their bills by the Commons 'the word "rate in the 54th section of the Constitution Act, meant a general impost and not a limited tax of the kind imposed in the clause. He hoped the House would not allow any more of its rights to be frittered away 'The CHAIRMAN all the hon. member move that the committee disagree with my ruling ' Dr HEARN moved that the Chairman leave the chair. Mr. JENNER suggested that as the clause was of no importance, it should be withdrawn, otherwise it would be better to report progress, and test the question on Tuesday Mr LORIMER remarked that as there was no disposition to none in against the ruling of the Chairman, the ceiling should be accepted Mr GUI HEBERT was not disposed to treat the question with the same levity us Mr Lorimer 'This ruling of the Chairman, if accepted, would be cited against the Chain her in the future He moved that the Chair man's ruling be disagreed with Mr LORIMER said that it would be a great pity to let a question of this kind interfere with the passing of so important a measure Ï be Chairman's ruling should be acquiesced in, light or wrong, so that the bill might pass Mr BROWN hoped the committee would not do me firmer oil ensue to the Chairman The CHAIRMAN Mr Cuthbert, motion is not in the lease offensive to me Mr. MELVILLE considered that the privileges of the House were going away bit by bit Colonel SARGOOD remarked that Lanser d would contain not only the ruling of the Chairman but the arguments of tion members against it. If this were a suitable time for discussing the question, he would be are pared to agree with hon. members Dr III AHN said that the position of the Chamber was not affected by what was said an 1 reported in flannel but by what was actually done (Hear hear ) it might be the best course for the Chairman to report the present difficulty to the President, Mr LORMER hoped that time that was wanted for other purposes would not be spent on this matter Dr 114 U *s - these questions always at ease in the last days of a session This has been going on For years I have seen it G01111I1*-, Mr Pt CIUNAN thought the question a Hit it important one Mr J) S M It said that if the House did not insist upon this clause being inserted it you d It viol, up its powers and privileges 1 crimps it would be better to postpone the discussion Mr li WM was afraid that the only way out of the difficulty was to disagree with the ruling of the Chair Then the clause might be passed the attention that the committee distance with the affairs-, of the Chair was p isse 1 I lie clause move by Mr Val was again put Mr H W K believed the clause was not require J Mr VvHLlAMbON said Mr Zeal was absent the clause had better be postponed the clause was negatived The remainder of the bill was passed and the re] port was adopted DOO till 3., Mr J1101 NELL moved the second read any, of this bill Mr Jl NM R supported the measure Mr LLVMJt thought the registration fee should be Os- for a mule dog, and 40s for a female dog Mr SI AN BRIDGE considered that a fee of Ids would be sufficient for a bitch, and 2s do for a dog In some other places the Enemies of climbing a higher fee for bitches all worked very Av II p Mr Mr EVILLE asked what were the limits of the powers of the Council as to amending, mum j clauses. The Ministry ought to decline them Colonel SARGOOD did not think that duty idea of a 1 upon the. Ministry Mr M C ULLOGII supported the bill 'The bill was read a second time and committed On clause 5 making the registration fee 5s, Mr LEAVER moved an amendment increasing the fee for bitches at 10s ("No ' ) Mr ROs-> hoped no amendment would be passed that would imperil the bill. Mr. HORSLEY opposed the amendment Mr ST ASHRIDGE said the amendment would deter boys from keeping cure Dr 111 ARE observed that last session a similar bill was rejected by the Assembly on on alleged constitutional point, and the Council had no opportunity of protesting against that decision He would support the amendment, partly on that amount. Mr M LI It ES thought that the Council should not stultify itself by accepting the bill in its present form Mr M CULLOCH hoped that a very good measure would not be thrown out by persevering with the amendment Mr LORIMER observed that if the consti- tutions) question was to be fought out it would be better not to fight it on this train pert question Mr MELVILLE said that if this bill could not be amended by the Council it would be far better for all legislation to come from the other Chamber. at once. Mr. BELL trusted that the amendment would be withdrawn Mr ROSS said that a better occasion than the present might be chosen for lighting, the constitutional question Mr W ALL VCE supported the amendment Mr 114 V Pit anticipated no trouble in the other lumber if the amendment were agreed to if he thought it would endanger the bill be would withdraw it Colonel SARGOOD remarked that the amendment introduced an entirely new feature it might be construed into a covert attempt to billie, about something. Ide a collision between the two Houses Such a risk should not be undertaken until there was a fuller House to express an ox mon Dr By AND Y said that he had received several communications asking, him to in crease the fees in the direction proposed in the amendment, Mr BROMELL felt certain that if the rs fee were enforce it would carry out all the wishes of the supporters of the amendment. Mr BAI 1 OUR would not support the amendment because the present was an exceedingly. inopportune time to raise a constitutional difficulty between the two Houses The amendment was withdrawn and the clause was libree 1 to the rent must, clauses were agreed to with slight amen Intents. Air HE AM R moved the insertion of the follow me new clause - " If the owner of any slut allows her to be at large in any street or public hlUiw a} while she is to lie it, he shall, on conviction, be liable to penalty not exceeding 2s * Agreed to The bill was reported, with amendments It was then recommitted. On clause 22, " Dogs used by blind not affected," Mr Zlw\L moved that the following words he added to the clause " Provided that such dog be duly registered, in accordance with the provisions of clause 13, and that no fees shall be charged for such registra- tion ' Agreed to, and the clause as amended was agreed to The bill was reported with a further amendment, and was then passed through its remaining stages. AMENDMENT OF INTORMALITILS HILL. Colonel SARGOOD moved the second reading of this bill The motion was agreed to, and the bill was committed, verbally amended,passedthiough its rt'imunmK stages, and returned to the Assembly. PATENTS BILL This bill was passed through committee without amendment. Mr WALLACH moved the addition of a new clause, providing that specifications and drawings, if any, should be open for public inspection for one month prior to the duty of hearing, due notice being given When applications for patents were lodged now no one had the slightest idea as to what the speeitieiittoiiB were Colonel SARGOOD was afraid the hon member had not thought out the matter. 11 a man patented anything that could not injure anyone whose ideas were printed, because application could be made to have the patent set aside If specific utions were lodged beforehand anyone could inspect them, and then utilise them for obtaining a patent elsewhere (( sheets ) It was important to keep such matters as private as possible until the patent was secured (Cheers ) | Mr. WALLACE-Applications could be made elsewhere simultaneously Mr CUTHBERT said that poor inventors might be unable to supply any where else and it specifications had to be lodged beforehand, inventors would be robbed (Cheers ) The amendment was withdrawn On the second schedule, Mr WALLACE said he thought the period of the patentees lights ought to assent over a pet toil of 21 instead of only 14 years The schedule was passed The bill was reported with amendments, passed though its remaining stages, and returned to the Assembly. AGENT GENERAL'S-. ACT AMENDMENT HILL The debate on the second reading, was resumed 1 Dr DOBSON thought the agent general of a colony ought to be paid the same salary as the Governor of such colony received ( So ) The sum of £10 600a year was not too much for the agent general of such a colony as this to receive 1 he duties of our agent "general bad increased in importance very much He had now to perform important di| lomatic services and had been in c Some mention with the French ambassador He was in fact at ambassador himself If he were placed on al then loosen. Perhaps he might not be all life 1 so much by the Secret try of State for the Colonies Dr Rl SI . approved of Dr Dobson's sue, gestion Mr Mr LVILI1 asked it the two previous speakers were nulli serious Ivo one would be more surprised than Mr Murray Smith at such a proposal He(Mr Melville)thoroiij,lilj approved of the bill but such nonsense as had just been uttered ought to be withheld Mr Bl I I said the sum proposed in the bill did not to far enough But we ought to creep 1 before we ran Mr LORIMER thought £8 000 a year would not have been too much J but it was no statement Colonel SAT GOOD stud the Government were in hopes that the present rent general would continue to boil his office for a further term It was ulm st a certainty that he would (Cheers) He desirableness of providing him with an official house was under the consideration of the Government, but it was not return to it it would be a kindness to him to provide him with an official resi- dence (Cluer's ) Mr HIM thought that the col in would made itself rid sions by piling the agent general ilO 000 in year it was to be hoped however that the Government at an early date he would see its way clear to increasing. the s carry further the bill was read a second time passed through its remaining stages and returned to the Assembly TRADE a USIONS 1 II I lins bill was passed through committee without amendment ADJOURNMENT The House adjourned at 25 minutes past o'clock until Tuesday next LEGISLA 1 FIVE ASSLMELA liaitsDAV DEC 4 The Si LVKEU took the chair at half-past 4 o clock ASS! M J O HILL S A message was received from His FNCCI lency the Governor intimating- that he had to in the 1 oval assent to the Residence Areas Act Amendment Bill Attorneys The mum ration will und Licensing" Act Amend- ment till SUSPENSION 01 SI SbIO s U, 61 DERS Mr ST KVJCJ moved that the sessional orders be suspended so far as to allow do eminent business to be called on alter 11 o'clock Agreed to NORllIPASll ON 11-13 HALL In reply to Mr ULM Mr GILL. I S sat that the Railway Commissioners were now considered, (one of alterations in the time tables It the hon. member would inform him what particular alteration he desired in the table for the North 1 stern lines he would burn. it under the attention of the Commission! is Mr HUM-I have informed them repeatedly STILL 01 llvLMS LUI Mr K 111 1 RD moved that the motion agreed to last is "lit discharging the Statute of Trusts 1 ill from the business pa] cr be rescinded and that the bill be restored to the 1st er Agreed to MM 11 1 MR ST CHON &1I1C110N& In reply to Mr Lworx»» Mr TUCKI It said it was not his intention to prevent further selection under the Milk section of the Land Act lbbJ PAULL V All NI HOUS! S In reply to Mr ( coals Mr DE IKIN said that in conse- ounce of pressure of work in the Public Works departed at the plans 1 in the west front of Parliament houses had been held over for a time but it was intended to proceed with them as soon as the pressure was s mevvhat relieved with a view to calling- for fresh tenders for the work In reply to Mr \\\ltl\o\, Mr DEAKIN said that a contract had been let for lighting 1 at hument houses by ( festivity, and it was expected that the dis- comfort arising fire in the detective ventilation of the Assembly chamber would be con- suitably modified when that work had been carried out JUSTICES 01 HIL PLACE in reply to Mr. W. MADDEN, Mr DEAKIN said that the list of new appointments to the commission of the peace was almost completed and tests appointments would be made without delay PAPI R. The following paper was laid on the table Proclamation under r tim 1 Fisheries Acts APPROPRIA I IOS' BILL Mr K Hill RD moved the second reading of the Appropriation Bill Agreed to The bill was read a second time and committed In the first clause, Mr MIRAMS said that before the bill was passed through committee the Government should inform the House what they intended doing in relation to certain amendments in the Railway Hill the CHA MIMAS -The hon member is not in order in referring to those amendments Mr Mill AMS Redress of grievances before supply was amiiMiu of Parliamentary law, and his grievance was that certain amendments had been made in He Railway Hill which affected questions of public policy If he were compelled to take any steps to prevent that policy being still closed with, one of the most effective would be by delaying the passes- of the Appropriation Bill two questions were raised the first being con stitutional point as to whether the Upper House had any right to submit a line in a railway bill Mr GILL IPS -I rise to a point of order The hon. member is not in order in discuss mg amendments made by another place which are down on the paper as an order of the day. The CHAIRMAN had already ruled that the hon. member was out of older. The hon. member knew that if he wanted to delay the passing of the bill, he could do so at a subsequent stage. Mr. MIK UiS did not wish to discuss the question at all, but surely no hon. member was to be permitted to ask the Ministry a question in relation to a matter which might affect the course of business The CHAIRMAN Not at this stage. It would be out of order for the Government to reply. Mr. MIRÎAMS. Then I move that you report progress The CHAIRMAN -You cannot discuss an order of the day on a motion to report progress Mr SHACK ELL -I should like to know if the ruling of the Chairman is to be respected. Mr. MIUAMS.-It will be time enough to ask that when I attempt to show disrespect to the ruling On a motion to report progress it is well understood that I can discuss any question except an order of the city. The CHAIRMAN wish to point out that while it may be well understood that an hon. member can discuss almost any question on a motion to report progress, that is not the rule of Parliament. There is a rule that when the adjournment of the House is moved the subject to be debated must be specifically stated. The same rule should apply when a motion is made in committee that progress is reported, but it is unfair to allow considerable latitude in these matters Mr Mill VMS said that the rule in regard to motions for the adjournment of the House did not apply to motions for reporting progress in committee the first clause of the Appropriation Bill appropriated over two millions of money, and every line in the bill could be debated He could if he chose start a discussion on the education question, but he did not desire to do so. If the Ministry) would indicate the course they intended to take in relation to the ann moments the whole thing would be satisfactorily settled, and the bill could be passed through committee the motion to report progress was nega- lived In reply to Mr Br s r, Mr SERVICE said that he proposed to take the third reading of the bill on Tuesday The clause was agreed to. On clause 2, Mr MI RAMS thought that the Minister had not treated him or the committee hardy in refusing to answer his question Mr GILLIES-I will really appeal to the hon. member whether he does not know that the Government would be out of order, is the chairman had said, in giving in in for mutton at this back such us he now seeks No doubt the Government will satisfy the House perfectly at the proper time as to the course, it proposes to take Mr MIRAMS remarked that it would have been better to have postponed the Appropriation Bill, because the Ministry must have known that the two issues raised by the amendments were of such importance as would call tariff considerable discussion As the Minister of Railways said that the Government would be able to satisfy the House, be presumed he must remain content in the meantime, and not oppose the passage of the bill Mr NIMMO thought the hon. member for Collingwood laboured under a wrong impression No provision was made in the Appro uri tion Bill for giving practical effect to the amendments made in the Railway Bill, find so long as that was the case the Government would not be justified in anticipating the older of the day for the consideration of the amendments Colonel SMITH said the hon. member for Emerald-hill ought to know that it the Appropriation Bill vii le passed the Government would be masters of the situation, and could close the session at once, but as the bill was not to be finally disposed of till Tuesday next, there was a great deal of force in what the hon. member said The clause was agreed to. On the first schedule, in reply to Mr M'l.smtF, Mr KERFERD Bind in the case of Main r of lines, Mr. Merry was suing the Government, and certain other persons who were: joined as defendants The Government held an indemnity for £00,000 against any loss arising from the cost of the action, and had no reason to expect they would be called upon to pay is. in connexion with it li the Government did not defend the action it would go against them by default, and although they were ga nuntin! for 200,000, the amount claimed was a quarter of a million, and that tact was sufficient to justify then fighting (Hear, hear.) The schedule was agreed to On the second schedule, In reply to Mr. Coi'i*i\\. Mr GILLIES said the salary of Mr Anderson, the general traffic Firminger of railways, was not much used on the leeotiiuieiidalioii of thcl'itiluav Commissioners U hcGoviinment considered the propriety of appointing Mr Anderson as one of the commissioners, but they thought it desirable not to do so '1 he recognised, however, that he had strong claims, and it was a There is ment that the increase did not appear on the original tall mates, as the Government arrived at their determination some time ago (Hear, hear ). In reply to Mr Gitwis, Mr GILLIES said his attention was directed some time ago to the desirability not only of conducting half time schools in this!) populous! districts, but also of nr ranging for teachers to death in two schools during alternate weeks A report was now being prepared fallowing where this could be done, and the departed that funds at its disposal for calling out the idea (Hear, hear.) The schedule was agreed to in the motion that the bill be reported, Mr MASON said on reference to the pair book Vu HON. Mr Mrs H -M hit prayer books (1 daughter ) Mr MAsONr-He was not surprised to hear bon numbers trials at the mention of ' Pro) 11 book,' ecstacy wcresouniccustoiiiecl to sell li book (Laughter) He found on reference to the pair book that he was a pre treated as bin nig voted against the right of married women to select Ile authorised the entry of his name but in justice to himself as a friend of the married ladies, daughter) -be must explain that he intended to vote for them (Hear, hear ) Mr WALKER complained of the slovenly manner in which shipping notices were posted at the Custom house and the various public offices, and suggested the importance of an improvement being effected in the despatch with which the news was posted and the st) h adopted Mr LANGRIDGE said he would draw the attention of the Postmaster General to the matter, and would remedy any fault that was now to be found at the ( custom house The bill was reported to the House SUNDAY TRAINS ON SUBURBAN LINES The Government business having been postponed, the first notice of motion, standing in the name of Mr Shiels, was called on The motion was as follows - 1 That in the opinion of this House, it is admitting Billilli hun districts of the iiictiú|>ulh<, Milich either now or will hereafter have enlisted should be treated claimed) in respect to the mining of bundle) p luscMiuur trains, provided the traffic (appears to the Railway CcTiiiiiiUsloliem to warrant it Mr WALKER asked how it was that the motion, of which notice was only given during the present week, took precedence on the paper of notices that had been standing for nearly the whole of the session The SPEAKER The notice paper entirely within the control of the Clerk of the Assembly, and I may say that I have never found the clerk take mistake since be has held that position I am sure the notice is in the proper place The three gentlemen at the table perform their duties with great care and ability), and better than they have ever been performed previously, and I have the greatest confidence in them. Mr. WOODS I do not feel satisfied with your explanation, Mr Speaker The SPEAKER Then move me out of the chair. Mr. WOODS -If it is necessary I will know that the House adjourn The question raised by the hon. member is a very important one, and the House wants to know how and by what means the denial of the Assembly eau place this motion in the first position It is not sufficient to say that these gentlemen do not make any) mistakes The SPE livER. Supposing that an hon. member gave a notice for Tuesday, if no other notices were given for that day, and all other members should postpone their motions till Wednesday, his notice would come on first on '1 nesday Mr GILLIES - Anyone might Know that if an hon. member desires to have his notice of motion taken first, he generally selects a tin) upon which there are no other notices. (Hear, hear ) U lie SPEAKER. if some hon. members go to sleep on their rights other members do not. (Laughter) Mr WOODS-I have no rights in the matter Mr RENT-Mr Shiels gave him notice on Tuesday for '1 Thursday) Mr SHIELS said the hon. member for Brighton correctly) stated the case Speaking to the motion he reminded the House that when the Railway Mulingi ment Act was just about to leave the House The hon number for Collingwood induced the committee e to insert a section prohibiting all) Rotation in the practice in regard to Sunday trains being made by the our missioners of Railways without the con sent of the Governor in Council Dunne, the present year a number of di mirth nous urged the claims of various suburbs to Sunday) trains, and but in the opinion of the Commissioners made out a good ease the Governor in C uneil was unwilling to grant the necessary sanction to the running of Sign ring times in addition to those at presentar ranged for, without an expression of opinion from the House and this was the justification h the motion It could not be said that at the present time the Government were only carrying out the obligations they had taken over from the Hobson's Bay Railway Company) as the). run their trains on to Cam bench in Sunda) the line from Hawthom having, been constructed by the Government, the sill urban lines were being, extended and would in on some of the present means of conveyance, and unless the trains were run on Saturday the residents of such a place as Kew w used be in a worse position on Sundays than at present He respected the consistent and eeiiseienlions convictions of a large section if the House and the e mummie who advocated the chum, of the Sunday, but he did not confound these people with the dismal pi HIS men who when they thought they were pie us were only bilious and whom the poet called His saints the spin fall after the tall All cant mirani to 1 high flown third series, Vale III on Mulka Sunday Mail All I FIRTH Clod of work in You should Slinn your life present question was not the same as an se upon the opening of museums and public libraries on Sunday because the) he wanted! it as an absolute necessity to provide people with a means of becomes >n He did not understand the arguments of those who said it was voted to mu trains on Sunday but that they must be kept upon the lil righted and Williamstown lines because of vested interests those who argued try this way appeare I to wish to make the calling and election son not so much to seats in the heavens) must ms us to seats for the suburban constituencies This ct) of vested interests reminded him of the logic of the 1 uri to us we find certain scruples of const tem e lib fat i ill HIt, the Red Indians of their country life) wrestled with the Lord. and light was sent in upon them from above Alli r here on Sunday they met and passed 1 three resolute inst The until is the lords and the fulness thereof 2 Glory) be to God what belongs to the I old belongs to his saints i Hallelujah ' Ut are his stunts (Liiu*_,htci ). It was in another way it) of 1 keeping one eye up the chimney) totheion the of -(daughters convenient way of doing, a little hedging so as to win on either eat it He hoped the House would take up the attitude of courts to-day and come to a sat after me and just ADDRESS n (Hear, hear.) The presentative of affairs was a gross outrage up in all common 'articles of fair play and justice and in the House established a nt vv order of things it went I enhance itself in the opinion of the c tints) (Hear her ) Mr. I Halliday seconded the motion. Mr. WAY 1 It ant 1 the hon. member had taken the House st me what by surprise he had pointed out the atom dies of the present his enrol Sun in) trams but his motion I did not cure it well I intensify) the evil It attain might run to Box hill, was) not to Sandhurst Î (Hear hear) li the people were entitled to the privilege of Sunday trams wh) consign it to Melbourne and suburbs (Hear hear) W li) should not all have it Air Mr 80x Will you vote for that Mr. W W KI Rintelen such a motion was proposed he would be prepared tovoteunoii it the House won continually being told that the suburban to fire was carried on at a loss, which the country districts had to make up Was that lots to be increased' was one section of the community to have Sunday) trains at the expense of another section who were denied that privilege? (Hear hear ) He did not defend the absurd lions of the present in Canberra it will r "aid to Mail) francs His position was tins He regarded all Sunday labour that could be avoided abun- cut and he would resist any proposal to increase Sunday labour among the servants of the state, until ltirhumcnt repealed the law which forbids men to en rry on private busi- m ss on Sunday (Hear hear ) Then again what were suburban (lists is ' V as he going to leave the Rodwii) ( commissioners to de Velde Mr 1 INGHAM- They decide that now (Hear, hear ) Mr. W ALK1 P -the motion would simply open the door to an unlimited extension of Mini'nj trains, depriving many public servants of that one days rest in seven which was among the greatest blessings of humanity) (Hear, hear ) Mr Mill IS - And so say all of us (lieu beat ) Mr WALKER I - Matters were and enough bend) in the Railway department for in spite of all the talk about the eight hours system he was told that boys coming, under ii per week were kept on duty in tin tied 11 oflUcs for 20 consecutive days Rail mi) servants were buried by the offer of double pay to work on Sundays Mr ORKNI J. -What about the men taking on your steamers? (Hear, hear.) Mr. M OODS -they cast anchor when out at sea on Sundays (1 daughter ) Mr WALK! It- When vessels were in port on Sunday) the men had a holiday) and when at sea they rested from all unnecessary work (Hear, hear) Mr M \S0ST considered it ridiculous to me the Railway Commissioners power to minimise the i always of the colony on busi s 1 principles for six days of the week and then limit then powers on Sundays. (Hear In ir ) Vi oil ing men, cooped up in the late toms and workrooms during the week, should have facilities for taking theirfnmiliis into the country find to the seaside on Sun- day (Hear, hear ) With regard to the rail and a plum on, clause 82 of the Railways Management Act gave them the right to refuse to work on Sunday on conscientious grounds (Hear, hear ). This was the first time he had ever heard the hon. member for Maroona! to say a word in favour of the eight hours' System Omnibus drivers and cabmen worsted 16 or 18 hours a day, but when it was proposed to insert in the Tramways Bill a clause limiting the working hours of the drivers to eight hours a day, the hon. member was one of those who spoke and voted against that proposal (Hear, hear.) Mr. BURROWES moved, as an amendment, the omission of the words which con- | lined the motion to suburbs of the metropolis. Mr. GRAVES seconded the amendment Mr NIMMO objected to the motion in the first instance because it was not brought for ward in a proper manner. The House was not prepared for it, The policy involved in it was called in question when the Public Library was opened and closed, and the majority of the people of the colony had expressed themselves as diametrically opposed to it. The proposal was based upon a fallacy, and the mover had not confined himself to the motion Why should the Pilgrim teachers have been dragged into the discussion The hon. member had too many theoretical ideas No doubt he would have moved amendments on the val lous Commandments had bobeen and Mount Sinai. Mr. SHIELS -I certainly would. Mr. NIMMO.-The hon. member would have opposed the Fourth Commandment. 'I he I hon. gentleman thought he was wiser than the framers of the Decalogue. Mr. SHIELS Will you give up Sunday | trains on your line Mr NIMMO.-The hon. member should have brought forward a motion dealing with all lines, it he did not want to steal a march on the community. Mr. SHIELS.-Give up your line Mr NIMMO -TheMiiiistiyshouldnothave tolerated the motion, much less given it precedence. The proposal was opposed to a greater theory that had been a blessing both to man and beast. Mr. ORKNEY.-This deals with an iron horse. (Laughter.) Mr NIMMO -The non horse was worked by human hands Mr WOODS was at a loss to know why this particular night was chosen for the motion was the hon. member for No means the selector or selected ' How came the match on the paper just as a similar amendment had been carried in another place Mr SHIELS-Its a pure coincidence Mr WOODS-The impression made on his mind was that the hon. member was playing the undignified _ art of that animal I noun as the lions provided He placed every hon. member at a dish landings His object, no doubt was to appear in the public press as he always did however made his remark s were considered In the House 1 he h in number was only the Hi on the wheat after all He could not command a vote be side his own hon. members should wipe this resolution out of the way w whatever their feelings on the real issue might be The rejected tile coincidence theory and when called upon in earnest would give his vote on the Councils nine Heimeilt in no unmixed e able wit) Mr ST ROVIGO wished to explain the post in ii of the Government with regard to this matter Some time back he promised the hon. member for Normanby) a night towards the close of the session for his motion i a condition that it was then postponed, the House being at the time occupied with! an permit business to (bage the Government the hon. member consented A fortnight ago the hon. member asked him to redeem tile pi Jinisc and after putting- him off from day t du) the) arranged last week that it should be placed on the notice 11th cr for to night At that time no member of the Ministry and he believed in one except the hon. member who moved the no non I new that in author place action would lot taken on tin must r 1 well. yesterday the) li 1 n t now it I he in mon came first on the oper strictly are in ling to the rules of (he is use and in the ordinary course (of business How, then, could it be called a bogus motion. The hon. member obliged the Car eminent, and theUoverumciit redeemed a promise b) postponing their business record ing to arrangement, to that the matter might he discussed Mr W MADDEN-It is a very great pity that public business was postponed Mr SERVICE The hon. member was entitled to his own opinion on that point I very hon. member was inclined to think that his own resolutions were the most in put taut. W whether desirable or not, the Government gave a promise and Kept it. They were prepared to deal with the Railway Bill when it came as though this motion never existed Mr FINCHAM thought the explanation of the Premier cleared the Government from any) blame As a matter of fact, when the l council's amendment came before them, it could be claimed that the question had already been disposed of in this motion Mr. McINTYRE -Not if the motion is passed Mr. FINCHAM -Why not proceed in proper form, and discuss the question on the amendment of the Council only 1 Mr BERRY.-Why not discuss it on the motion 1 Mr. PINCHAM-The motion was merely a general expression of opinion, and proposed no action. He admitted that he could not understand the consistency of the lion licensees for Boroondara and South Melbourne, who condemned Sunday) trains, butngrt id with Sunda v labour mother things The general wish of hon, members appeared to be that the motion should be postponed until the Railway Bill was under discussion, so that the amendment made by the Legisla- tive Council might not be anticipated He moved that the debate be adjourned Mt ROSISTO seconded the motion Mr GILLIES explained that the Government had made up their minds as to the course they would pursue on the clause introduced in the Railway Bill by the Legislative Council, and their action in our J not be influenced by the decision of the House on the present motion one way or the other Mr. PEARSON regarded it as a fortunate thing that the motion was introduced, here could testify to the fact that the lion license for Normanby had not the slightest idea of what was going to happen in the Council when he tabled his notice (Hear, In all 'the hon member, like him sell, was determined to bring forward tin Minda) question in some way or other, and he suggested that they should do so in connexion with the question, of railway accommodation rather than revive almost opening public has mess and picture galleries au Sun days 1 the question of Sunday travelling on the railway lines was of present importance, from the fact that seats in suburban districts were now reduced in a most unfair position. He would be willing to extend the cope of the motion to the country lines if considered necessary If the hon member for Emerald-hill who spoke so vehemently against the million, would give up the Sunday trains to Emerald hill, and Tel trains be run on the Brunswick and ( obmg line msU id, be would be contented ("Hear, him, and laughter ) 1 and was now 10 per cent, less in value in those places to which the Romans did not run in Sundays, and then sands of people were deprived of advantages which their neighbours enjoyed It was thought that the one thing to make the Coburg line pit) would be to um trains on Sunday, so as to allot! pt' iple an opportunity of going to the Zoological gardens with con veined e As to the question of increasing i lie hours of labour, most of the railway tiii/)/("/es in and about Melbourne worked on Sundays, and did not murmur at it Some men preferred to work seven days a week and bring their families up in comfort, rather than wait only six, and can on a hard struggle with poverty) Mr '/.Q\ -How about the Factories Bill' Mr PEARSON did not wish to increase the hours of labour, or desire that a man should work more than six days if it could be avoided No man who had conscientious sel tiples against Sunday work need be (compelled to vi or], it was infinitely better that hon. members should vote on the motion, and place themselves in an index of talent position when the amendment of the Legislative Council in the Railway) Bill was brought torn and 'He) could line you on the amendment without any suspicion of a desire to quarrel or bring about a hill cult) Mr WRIXON was opposed to increasing sunday work in any way, but apart from that, thought would be a mistake to pass such a motion as the one before the House of which the country had not had adequate notice He also objected to the Railway Commissioners having the discretion left with them of running Sunday trains. They would virtually be called upon to decide upon a question of public policy upon which they would receive the representations of main factions It was inconsistent to propose to run Sunday) trains to the suburbs about the metropolis, while no Sunday trains were in tended to be run at Ballarat or Sand hurst. Mr BERRY.-Aro you prepared to stop those that are running '" Mr WRIXON would be happy to answer the hon. member when he told him if he was going to confine the Sunday trains to the neighbourhood of the metropolis Some hon. members were prepared for consistency's sake to run Sunday) trains on all the lines, but the country had asked for no such thing the state took over the Hobson's Bay lines with certain obligations as to Sunday trains, but that was a widely different thing from the state stepping in and running trams on Sundays Mr C SMITH- At last about Willliamstown and Essen don ? (Hear beat ) Mr A RIXON - I am not going inf chair Bplittin" (Lamjiter ) 1 take my stand on the peoples wish that Sunday shall be kept intact and I shall in w as a vote against any addition to Sunday) labour (Hear hear ) Mr Al II D W11 S desired there should be as little work is possible on Sundays but it was a question whether more labour would not be required by the large number of vehicles brought into use If Sunday trains were altogether abolished (Hear, hear.) Still he wits prepared to vote for their total audition (Hear hear ) Mr MINIAR1 -If you did you would never get into this House again (Hear hear ) Mr M H DAVIES would speak and vote independently of whether he would get returned award or not because If any hon metal or was not free on an important matter of this kind, it was better he should not be in the House at all (Hear hear) Hebelioied that more trains than necessary were run on the Brighton St hat la and Camberwell lines an he would take away from them the unnecessary trains and gave them to suburbs that had no travelling facilities on Sundays ( Oh oh ) Mr MINE BILL -look how the land would fall in value where you took them all) (Hear hear) Mr M H DAA 11 S was interested in keep it, up the value of the law in all districts 1 copie in the suburbs where trains did not run on ben lays complained that domestic servants c will not be (got to stay (Hear hear ) the House should either abolish Sunday trams or make it equitable all round and he w ml I move an amendment to that directive later stage An Ilov McMILLAN - How are you going to vote' (Laughter) Colonel SMI THE sat that the representatives of all the suburban districts now enjoy) in the hrivUlfee of Sunday trams had so far as they had spoken opposed the extension of that privilege to other districts 1 they profess 1 to object to Sunday trams but they did not propose to stop the trams running to their own districts on Sundays. He would like to test their earnestness and consistency. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DAVIES.-You table li motion for stopping all Sunday trains, and I will vote for it Colonel SMITHS' I mu in order will move c "That after the first day of Jarman, 1880, no pay. senger trains shall be run on any of the Victorian Ullina)! on conclusion (Cheers.) Mr. McINTYRE Mr. Nimmo 's as white as a ghost. (Laughter.) Colonel SMITH An hon. member suggests that some men) travel on the luggage trams, SO I will omit the word passengers," and let the motion apply) to all trams (Hear, hear.) Mr.. NICOLL said that Sabbath breaking was one of the matters that the law of England never recognised. There were hon. members beside himself who would be placed on the horns of a dilemma by this question, but he believed they would take an exalted position amongst the colonies and before the world by closing the railways altogether on Sunday, He would vote for the amendment The STEAMER-The amendment of the hon. member for Ballarat West could be more conveniently put if the hon. member for Sandhurst withdraws his amendment Mr. BURRO WEST shall most cheerfully do so. Mr. FINCHAM.-And I withdraw my) motion for adjournment. Mr. MIRAMS rose amidst cries of "Divide" and "It's not fair He said that it the Speaker supported him he would speak in spite of the opposition of hon. members, he objected to the House being placed in the position of having to discuss the question at all at the present stage It must be remem bered that he was not responsible for the time of live House and the country being wasted on this question There was nothing in humid about any promise having been made by the Premier to the hon member for Normanby last session that he should have a night towards the end of the present session for this motion. The promise was given in connexion with the opening of the Public Library). The House had voted on that question, however, and now that the opinion of the country was known hon. members were entitled to a debate on a different issue altogether He was prepared to believe that the Premier knew nothing of the resolution to be carried in the Upper IlouBevvhen he give his promise to the hon member for Normanby) Hut he could have pointed out that the promise was given in ignorance of the line that the question would come before the House in another form and they have got out of the promise made and avoided two di butts on the same question He was the 1 now to draw the attention of hon. members to tin but that clause 81 of the Railway Commissioners Act stated that no alteration in the prm tice of the department in relation to the t minds- of Sunday trains should be made by the commissioner without the consent of the Governor in Council. The Ministry said that the vote on this motion would not take their action with regard to the Councils aiueiidtniiit, but would it not influence this mission in connexion with clause 81 of the Railway Commissioners Act Y If the motion was carried there would be an order in council empowering the commis- Mothers to extend the Sunda) as it was) truths Spelling on behalf of the working men in perhaps the largest working man's constt thence the colony) he said emphatically that the working. men did not want Sunday trams If else) could be posted on the question they wool 1 be distinctly a" night it (' Hear, hear, and No ) Hill) was the hon. member not consistent In proposing to run to all parts of the colony (Hear hear) Did lion metal urn realise the illogical position the Government would be placed in by such are now 'The Attorney ( enct d was instituting an action against certain persons in the city for charging for admission to lectures given on Sunday t), and yet if this motion was accepted the Government would be carrying on li r prove one of the largest trading stitutt jus in the colony it was prepared to vote for the closing of all railways on Sunday He respected the hon. member for Not mind by but reached the log cal point by a different road That gentleman wanted to open all the lines. He wanted to close the of Mr /0\ said that if the voices of the working man of Sundridge and St Kilda could be heard on this matter the hon number for Collingwood would bud that the opinion of the working men was not what he stated it it would nea simple to prevent the working men from enjoying the holiday at the seaside He had nccnclcrgymendriving to church, and compelling their my letter labour on Sunday 1 here was no consistency about those who opposed Mindil) trains, and he would vote for I am motion proposed by the lion ment ed for Normanby Mr COORI It regretted that the important question of running Sun In) trams had been burned at the present stage of the SCHOOL when it would take a number of members who were absent from the House li) surprise Ilealwns voted against Min has to be. in my abar e or form and he would be compelled to vote for the amendment proposed by the hon. member for Ballarat West Mr I HARRIS thought the amendment wiiBiijokc ( No no ) As a member r for a suburban constituency) it appears 1 to him all rot to any Unit the and address was put si no use) ( Oil I ) The question of a mining Sunday trains affected his constituent) more than any other, as the St Kilda Brighton and 1 Frankston lines passed through it, and he had come 1 petite n signed b) ii large nuiiibeiofeiti/eiisiiitnv trot I auntie, Sunday) trams II Sunday trains were done away with labour on that day would be increase I, and he thought the motion and amendment should be withdrawn he would vote for the amelioration of the Legislative Council in the Ifiulwa) I ill Mr Oil ICI It intended to support the motion as he believe 1 that with a complete system of the sill III JJ III railway travelling. on Sunday there would be ICHS work than with out it With reference to the action taken by the deed) and particularly the Church of 1 England circle.) on this subject, he would point out that the Anglican Cathedral was placed in the vin worst site in all Melbourne, for the simple reason that It would be near the termini of a great system of railways, which would bring in a great number of people, and especially wealthy people, from the suburbs to the church there was a deliberate opinion on the part of the land of the Anglican Church that railway travelling under certain circumstances was proper He attended a city church some years ago and heard a late respected minister preach a string sermon against Sunday travelling He took it so much to heart that he left the dinner to which he had formerly travelled by train on Sundays, and on the inquiry of the minister as to the reason told him the result of his own preaching prayer fully applied (Hear, hear) Mr lil NI said the subject could no longer be played with, and he regretted that the Government had not the pluck to face it H it had not been for the action of the Legis lative Council the motion wool 1 never have been allowed to come forward and no matter whether the motion of the amendment were considered it was not a fair way of putting, the question (Hear, hear.) It was not on refuses grounds that the hon. member for litigants West moved the amendment but the fact that there were a number of insincere men he would call them h)pocntes-in the House had forced the hon. member into taking the step he did It was all very well for the hon. member for St. Kilda to say it was not. I he SP! Ah! It- That is a term I do not understand and I do not intend to allow me. Mr 111 NT would not use the term himself -(laughter) he used hypocrite in preference The effect of the running of trains on Sunday son some of the suburban lines only was to cause much more work to be done A man living in East Brighton for instance, if he wanted to come to town on Sunday, had to put his horse into his trap and drive over to the North Brighton station and leave the horse and trap there in charge of his groom Again people wishing to go on to Mordialloc on Sunday s were reduced to all sorts of straits and had to put up with vancouver once to which they had not to submit before the construction of the railway) He claimed the running of Sunday trains as a work of absolute necessity and would give the whole of the management of the railway lines into the hands of the Railway Commissioners He asked the hon. member for Ballarat West to withdraw his amendment Colonel SMI 1H "Oh no Mr Frill 1 RD Bill the hon. member for Brighton did not beat the speech of the Premier, which should satisfy all hon members that as far as the Government were concerned the resolution arrived at in another place had nothing whatever to do with the present discussion (Hear, hear ) With regard to the amendment proposed by hon member for Ballarat West no doubt it was very attractive to those who were in favour of this accommodation being given to a large body of the public, and had the idea that their opponents would be driven into a corner by carrying the resolution to stop all trains. The House, however, should not rashly allow itself to be persuaded into following the course suggested (Hear, hear) If the House, otithcspuroftliernomont agreeing thieves station they would lutlictgronthnrdshlp and me inventories, and the stoppage of the trains on Sundays would involve the Government in vere notions complications There were a large number of retiring tied its issued to passengers on the suburban lines and It would be very undesirable to interfere with any of these contracts As far as the Government were concerned it would be seen at a later stage by the male lion they would take that the) land really consulted the convenience of the house in allowing the motion to be fully discussed before another important question, which was to be submitted for the consideration of the House As to the observance of Sunday there was absolutely no little, and the most glaring anomalies existed The House met) recently passed the Melbourne Tramways Bill without placing any restriction upon the company as to Sunday traffic (Hear, hear ) No doubt all the suburbs would be served alike in time, but nothing was to be gained by nt tempting to put a stop to all the trams that were running now. llebihcved the honest opinion of the House was in favour at the extension (Hear, hear.) Mr. S TAUGE TON held that Sunday trains should be given to all districts that wanted them, and that to abolish the present Sunday trains would be altogether anlag mimic to the spirit of progress (Hear, hear ) i Mr Rl.LL considered that the first thing was to stop Sunday) trains altogether Mr ROSES 10 desired to point out that the stoppage of all Saturday trams would be dealt mt Mai to the interests of the country districts, for that would mean stnouB de lit) in the conveyance of their wheat to the seaboard (Hear, hear) decided to no man with regard to the sacred ness of the fearsome Day, but the health of the community was the religion of common life, and the toilers of the metropolis should have facilities for getting to the seaside and to country places on Sundays (Hear, hear ) The stoppage of Sunday) trams would retard religion and not advance it (Hear hear ) Mr W M. CLARK said he had received a letter from the lords Dilj Observance SOCK h asking him to be in his place than ever um,, and were almost the motion for a xtendni-Sundiiv trains in the suburbs and the metropolis It was strange thittoutsideis should be better acquainted with the fact that this motion was coming in than their turn of the Assembly) (Hear, hear.) His opinion was that Sunday trains should be run in all districts (Hear, hear.) Mr AMJ1 RSOS thought they vi mail I do we beg to either run trains on all lines on Sundays or to stop them all, and the question ought to be deferred until the consequences had an opportunity of expressing their opinion on the subject. He should like to see all trains stoppt 1 on Sundays but was certainly not prepared to vote for that at present (1 daughter ) Colonel SMI TREVOR re a nice Sabba tunan, you are (Laughter ) Mr. C GAUNSON said his (constituents rejected the opposing e candidates who favoured Sunda) ch sing generally, and returned line who on the contrary was for Sunday opening generally He respected the plays of the clergyman who requested me congregation to pray for the pair elect (1 laughter ) It appeared the ' pair Bill was i He on wv days of the week and on the seventh day he was active (laughter) he was a child, of the pair dell, and believed in Sunday opening, but the lion , gallant and virtuous e oloncl-(liui.hter) Colonel SMI III-lluinlc you, much oh Irgul (I lighted) it and the hon member write that down and put his name to it (Laughter). Mr GAUNSON The hon and gallant colonel was renou mail for his extreme pure cattle) in all engagements especially) in the case of the fair (I traitor) But suppose he had such an engagement in San Ihtiiat on a Sunday) night, how would he the table to keep it unless there were Sur la) trains Mr URE I He would go on Saturday night. (LuuJiUr ) The Bill AKI It having put Colonel Smith s auction at, Mr bills I S said Mr Speaker will you permit me ' On reference to the pairs The SP) All It I will not pay it till) in terruption I have nothing to do with the pairs The House then divided on the amendment for stopping all trains on Sundays with the following result - Ayes '14 Noes (7 Major I) against the amendment 6 The following is the division list - AMS Mr I) vi or Mr Hull Dr Those \- Hell \- he) 8 Lol Smith \- kill on \- london \- rocker \- li man in \- Linnell's \- Urtu \- lim owes \- Jl Call At all or \- ( on el \- VI duty rear Wheeler \- Bit les Mil \- M I china \- Wools \- How \- Miiaius \- Wrixon \- 1 includes \- Mining The \- t at an \- piece \- young A \- Graves NG S J Anderson Mr Gibb Mr Oiltno) \- bent \- Gillies \- sermons \- Uirr) \- Korfoid \- Held \- Bosisto \- LvtncridJe \- Robertson \- Clark W J! \- Visit - Service \- Connor Sir C MacMahon \- Slim held a stop in Mr Madden J J \- tenders On ningham \- Miuldili VV \- Smith C \- Uealtlll \- Mivson \- smut, hton \- facilities \- Vloora \- Tooliov \- 1 but \- future) \- VI line \- (1 miner \- Off her \- Zox \- Common Mr 1>URR0A\JS moved his amendment, milking the resolution apply to all lines in the colony) Mr M li DAME he asked how this would affect his amendment. like SI I AkLR -That is an entirely different matter and cannot be put here The amendment proposed by Mr Burrowes was agreed to, and the motion, as amended, passed RAILWAYS CONSTRUCTION BILL This bill was returned from the Legislative Council with amendments Mr GILLIES said that three important amendments had been made in the bill by the Legislative Council. 'The first amendment was the insertion of a new line, the second was the omission of a portion of one line and the insertion of another section, and the third amendment was a clause to provide for Minda) trains being run on all Huburhuu hues With reference to the first two amendments, lum members were aware that the question had on several occasions been rinsed in this Chamber as to the desirability of the other Chamber either inserting a new line or making material alterations in those already in the bill On one occasion this Chamber even objected to the very slightest alteration being made by the other House hon. members were poor but aware that this was the most important railway construction bill that had ever come before Parliament, and at this late period of the session the Government were extremely anxious that no question should be raised as to the power of either branch of the Legislature to insert new lines in the bill. When such a difficulty occurred there was another course open to the Assembly, and that was to introduce an entirely new bill embodying the particular hues which the Legislative Council desired to insert He need not say that this course would be absolutely impracticable, but still the Government felt that it would be extremely unwise to imperil the bill! by following the course adopted by the Assembly in some instances when the same difficulty had occurred The Government therefore proposed to disagree with the amendments of the Legislative Council (Hear, hear.) With reference to the first amendment, he might say that the Government disagreed with it altogether. The second was one on which this Chamber had on previous occasions expressed a very strong opinion, and there was a considerable difference of opinion on the subject, both amongst the members of this House and else- where It was thought extremely inadvisable to raise the issue again at this period (Hear, hear) Considering, however, the spirit in which this bill had been accepted by the Legislative Council, he thought that this Chamber should treat their proposals in a liberal spirit and the Government would therefore ask the House to allow them to introduce a new bill containing only the two lines that the Legislative Council proposed to insert in the mills bill (Hear, hear.) He resultwouldbt that the Assembly could carry this bill, while at the same time allowing the Upper House that they were endeavouring to give their amendments fair consideration He believed the proposal was one that would meet the views of hon. members on both sides of the House With reference to the third amendment the Government had at on earlier period of the evening stated that they had already made up their mind as to the course they should pursue His y were of opinion that it would be a grave error to insert such a clause us that proposed by the Council with reference to the running of Sunday trains in a railway) construction bill at all It would they thought be recognised as a very undesirable thing to raise such questions at the close They came like a b jmfo shell amongst hon. members. The result might have been the loss of the bill altogether Mr GAUNSON- The title authorises it, Mr GILLIES thought that even on the ground of expediency) the course was not justified Mr GAUNSON said that while accept in the deductions of the Minister of Railway they need not accept his reasons The Council had no right to make any amendment in the bill which would have the effect of the! ¡ng money out of the general revenue The motion to dissent with the amendment of the Council was agreed to the remaining amendments which were unimportant were agreed with Mr GILL II S said that, by the leave of the House he would now introduce the bill he spoke of, so that the two measures might go to the other Chamber together. tHeM, The bill was read a first time. The talks. ing orders having been suspended, Mr GILLIES moved that the bill be "ad a second time. "-as Mr WRIXON asked if the bill conceded every thing asked by the Council """case Mr. GILLIES.-H includes the two lines proposed by the Company There will be Penshurst ' "" * "8 to U"nUU' '22 The House went into committee on the , On clause short title Mr. BENT remarked that in his opinion it was most outrageous to vote money for the" lines-one from Penshurst to Hamilton, Z the other from Penshurst to Dunkeld forming a sharp angle with each other with, so many) country districts were urgently requiring railway communication. tHeir being Mr GILLI! S thought that hon. members should "be home ei reiteration to anything. like a reasonable request from the Council after the considerate manner in which that body had dealt with this large measure He sincerely hoped the hon. member for Brighton in full not press his objection (Hem, fleur 1 1 he C council proposed to strike out the Dun ked line flint line was returned in the fire. bell, but the Council in this bill were to have the line to Hamilton which they proposed Mr. GAUNSONobseivedtlintiflion members considered the position, they would find that they were being misled by the Minister of Rail ways. The Council struck out the Dunkeld line, and inserted the Hamilton line How. then, could the Minister of lime. was SID that this believe the Council all the) asked for, women, is a matter of fact it would not carry out their desire to sink, out the Dunkeld line Mr GILLI) S- It gives them all they ask for as far as the new line is concerned Mr Giil'NSdN -But he don't turn it Dunkel I Jim 1 he) have struck it out Mr GILL II b -And we have restored it Mr GAUNSON was all minds at this proposal it 11 mu try a rule a) t through a barren haggard) miserable, could unless country) that ever) took one sheep five acres Mr W lil NON wished for an explanation from the G N eminent If their proves it were ad pled a perfect (mingle a railway would be formed through comparatively sterile country, rail JtOOOOO additions would be spent for no earthly) anson lb in to abuse the other 11 use Mr M \\( K vessel 1 the proposition at the first blush BLI ined monstrous but if the new line proposed were not made at present would have be include in the next ball Although the cost of 6000 was rather a sinecure brother House would be pained by the Constitution in the line, and the money could it be looked upon in thrown away) the Mornington line was one that would commend itself to hon members Mr lil She said it was not pretended that the crop will now made would be put forward at the Government were perfectly) free list) what course they should take but there was not so much objection to the, line us appeared at the first blush The question as to which place should is the terminus of the union) was weevil is in the Western district has long time and by the proposal now made the traffic for which Dunkeld was the natural outlet into the Al nut and Hamilton line would (go straight in, while the Hamilton people are uke have their wishes met and the line from that place to Penshurst would limit match lunn part of the black line which would be advanced assaults Mortlul e from the other end Colonel SMI 111 thought he had a right to complain of the action of the Government in proposing to construct b ith lines Mr (MUNMIN considered that hon. members had been deceived by the Minister of Railways The CHAIRMAN I dont think the hon. member is in order in saying that, (Hear hear ) Mr G MINSON stud he was elected but, of course, he was a man of humble compre decision and well intellect-espeeiill) tim evening's Hear hear and daughter). and therefore he was mine total entrapped He was told that members of the LiutrJIoiMc had been threatened by the Ministry that if they opposed the Government scheme they would not get their line Inna Penshurst to Hamilton. Mr. GILLIES - Who's your authority Mr GAUNSON. - A member of the Council. Mr. GILLIES.-So far as I know, there is not the slightest foundation for tlmlstilt1 incur. A member of the Council runs on deuvouring-niipropi'ily, in on) opinion-to influence members of the Assembly, by milking statements with, reference to the cost of this line, with which he had nothing day, and I said to him, "It tins 1 are be rejected from this bill through your influence, you may be perfectly certain that the Government mean to stick, by their bill, and they will not allow the line from Penshurst to Dunkeld to be struck out through your ItistiiiiiiciiUilit) (Hear, hear.) Mr. STAUGHTON. was that a private conversation I Mr GILLIES -Yes, and if any gentleman repeats a private conversation even) item member knows what he is worth. (Hear, hear.) Mr. GAUNSON said the member of the Council who told him understood it to he a deliberate threat, and he should he glad to hear from the Minister of Ilailuiijstlint his informant was under a liiisiipprclie'ii. said. Mr. GILLIES.-Certninl). Mr. OAUNSON.-And that in opposing the Government proposal, the member HUH only actuated by public spirit Mr GILLIES- I never insinuated anything to the contrary. Mr. BOWMAN corroborated the State ments made by the hon member for burial Melbourne, as to the Munster liiiviiigusni threats to intimidate a member of the Upper House. Mr. TOOHEY-It is a mibiindersttineliii¿. I was quite close. Mr. BENT said that he was never so ashamed at anything in his hire is at the Minister for Knilvvins action towards a number of the Upper House. It was no rule empty boast for him to say what he did he dare not do what he threatened while the hon. member for Dundas six burn for, him. Mr. UREN supported the line. The clause was agreed to, and the bill was passed through its remaining stages. BILLS RECEIVED FROM TI II COUNCIL The amendments made in the following bills by the Legislative Council were agreed with Patents Bill, Dog Rill, Justices of the Peace Proceedings Bill. VOLUNTEER STATUTE AMHNUMOr HILL. On the motion of Mr. Sutv let, this bill, which was received from the Legislative Council, was read a fuse time LEGISLATIVE COUNCILSALAKIRsAND EXPENSES The resolution passed in committee for the appropriation of a sum to provide for the expenses of the President and Clerk of the Legislative Council was reported, (to the question that the resolution be adopted, Mr. GAUNSON expressed the opinion that the Speaker and the Clerk of this House ought to be placed in the same position with regard to a permanent appropriation for their salaries as the President and Clerk of the Legislative Council He thought theSpiukii and Chairman of Committees should leave larger salaries The Premier was a wealthy man, and he could not take any better means to consolidate the power of the Minister) til in to spend some of the £1,500 which he did t want in giving entertainments to lion mein beds (Laughter.) Mr. SURVIcn -Ali, now we know how to do it (Laughter ) Mr. GAUNSON.-It had lion vine!) said that dinner lubricated lb. v hues of business, and he was decided!) on man that the Speaker should receive a salary large enough to enable him to give entertainments to hon. members Mr MACKAY considered that the principle involved in the resolution was contrary to all usage. The resolution was agreed to, and a bill to give effect to it was introduced and read a first time. EXPIRING LAWS CONTINUATION BILL. The resolution of committee, that it was expedient to apply a sum of money out of the consolidated revenue for the purposes of the Expiring Laws Continuation Bill, was reported. In reply to Mr. GRAVES, Mr. KERFERD said the acts to be con- tinued were the Drawbacks, Diseases in Stock, Fencing, and Fisheries Acts. The resolution was agreed to, and a bill to the effect to it was introduced, and read a first time. MARRIED WOMEN'S PROPERTY BILL. The amendments made in this bill in committee were agreed to Mr KDIU'LHD proposed to amend clause 18 by striking out the provision that the wife who lent money to her husband could only claim IIB a creditor in the case of as insolvency alter the claims of all othercrwlitoru were satisfied, and making the clause read as follows. " An) money or other estate of the wife lent or e" treated by her to her husband to the purposes of any trade or business carried on by him or otherwise t.. stated >. oMctn "' he Finland's estate in the young fish lnsolvencj.iiiiilur reservation after proof of fL.fielèîof the wife's claim to elivlilondnu a scroll or less one"" or value of such money or other is also proposed to amend clause 24, by providing that a woman must be 18 years of age desire she could, with the consent of her parents or guardian, and intended husband, make binding settlements The amendments were agreed to RABBIT SUPPRESSION BILL Mr TUCKER moved the second reading of the hill, which he said was framed largely on the basis of the resolutions agreed to h the conference of shire councils recently held in Melbourne. The mallee country was erupted from the operation of the act, as mat has already dealt with in the Mallee Act. It was proposed to give the Board of Land and Works power to enter into a contract with municipal bodies to destroy the rabbits on Crown lands, to enable two or more municipal districts to combine and secure united action in dealing with the pest, to empower the councils to call upon owners Bodie out burrows, or indelicate to do the work themselves, and to enable them to obtain verdict in the court of petty sessions for me money recoverable under the "ct The inspector was to be allowed to take one dog on to the land with him, being responsible for any damage done, and the most important provision was that enabling the Governor in Council to i r a time when simultaneous action should be taken by the municipal bodies. The Governor in Council might proclaim it pm and call upon all the councils in any dish met to take simultaneous action for the destruction. of the rabbits Power was taken in appoint Government inspectors to go all over the colony, and report from time to time as to whether the post was being kept down, until iilietherthecoiincilswerc carrying out nronsiotisot the act. If a council neglected its duty, the Governor in Council might an point a local committee to carry on the work, until their expenditure might be recovered from the council or stopped out of any Go a moment subsidy to which the council was entitled Technical objections as to any matter of form or procedure would not avail mean action for the recovery of money due from the owner of land. These were the ] Born provisions of the bill, which he believed would meet with the cordial approval of the House, because if it did not result in the tradition of the pest, it would at any rate serve to keep it within bounds. (Cheers ) Mr. V. MADIN said the defect of the bill was that while the landowners and councils were compelled to do their part, the Government got free. In committee he would propose a clause making the Crown respon daily for the destruction of rabbits on Crown lands (Hear, hear.) Mr. BENT thought that special legislation [in the infested districts would have been preferable to this bill, which applied to all pans of the colony. His council called its coaliaeittmg bill. in reply to Mr. GRAVES, Mr TUCK UJl said he did not think it would be necessary to appoint any new officers Mr SHACKELL suggested that games should be protected I Mr Kill Kill) said that when a coin I mittie the Government would ask hon members give them the benefit of their preparation" in perfecting the bill (Hear, hear) They were anxious it should be a Bill Press The hill was read a second time, come | mittal, and reported to the House ADJOURNMENT'. At a quarter-past 12 o'clock the House adjourned until Tuesday next. 