-A Story of theGoldfields: I was always fond of'the science of physi. ognomy. From my youth up I was noted for my -prbclivity for reading the character of a man by his face'; and I finally became such an adept in tlhoart that I could occasionally. guess. the very thoughts of 'the individual whose cquntenaice I was studying. Soon after the gold feiver broke out I went to Cali-. fornia, and :there, .I must confess, among what else there. was to interest me, I had a grand. opportunity for exercising my skill upon all sorts of .faces, seen under all sorts of circumstances, from the highest triumph Of'success td the deepest despair of failure. I first tried my luck at-digging gold myself; but soon tired of that, and, believing that I could make money fIster and with less labor, I opened a kind of grocery and provision shop, disposing of my wares at a fair advance to miners and others. M' y shop consisted of a rude skeleton of poles, with a sufficiency of cheap muslin drawn over them and pinned down to the earth, and was stocked only with the most saleable articles-of which flour, pork, and whisky found the most ready iarket--especially whisky. In the dry sea son it was very dusty, and everybody seemed to be dry with a thirst that mere water would not quench. If a man was successful he wanted whisky to bring his body.up to the altitude of his spirits; if unsuccessful, he wanted'whisky to bring his spirits up to the altitude of his body ; if it chanced to be a little cool, he wanted whisky to warm him; he needed. ,whisky in the morning to make him bright and active; he needed whisky at night to rest him and make him sleep well; he waited it when he bought'and when he sold; when he won and whendhe lost; when he stood up and when he sat down ; in short; whisky was the great regulator of all human feeling-the genuine elizir vita--and conse quently I did an immense business in whisky. Now this, though. iiomiawat Irrelevant, I aR MARGARET; brings me to my story. One day a man cam . in quietly, unobtrusively, purchased a quan tity of flor, pork, and tea, paid for: the same in gold dust, and went about his buniness. He repeated his visits at different intervals, perhaps some half-dozen times before he attracted my attention to anything peculiar in his appearance, and then I should have been at a loss to say what I saw more in him at last than I had at first. Ha was apparently about twenty- five years of age. of medium height and slender fiture. of a dark complexion, regular features, with dark, straight hair, dark eyes, and a beard that I covered the lower part of his face-in all of which there was nothing remarkable-noth ing striking' 1Ie6 was quiet, not talkative had nothing to say except about the business he came on-got what he wanted when I was disengaged, paid for what he got like 'i gentleman, and generally retired with'an ordinary ':.Good day," or some simila civility; And yet, as I have said; he begafi to attract my attention-at last, and I began -to. wonder thy.. Was it becauselie was so quiet, reetr~ea, ail gentlemanly, and did not purchase whisky like the rest and, oc casionally get excited and boisterous t or wi it because there was something about himn could not really fithom2 At all events, lie had bigun to interest me in some way. : He hsd'a hard stony look about the eyes, ahd-a mysterious manner that made it very hard for any dne-to read his character. I was al ways puzzling myself as to where I had seen. him before. I had some conversation with him one evening, and I found him perfectly childish in one particular. I also found out that the man had'been wearing an impend-: trable mask. I now had the key to the mystery and to him, and I used it. Ile-vas interested in slperstitions-he was super stitious himself. Why! Good men may be supersttiioun f lad men always are, hect*i they cary' i tworld o(wild fnicies with them. Thus it was with this man, as I could ase by .I • liiseye, and I oade his fancies work upon him.' I told hir stories of sorcery, witch. craft, and magic .f ghosts, and hobgoblins, till he became p -with fear, breathed with .compreosed: li U trembledin spite of his greatnheie d i. , But let me h tei to the dtnouement.. It chadioe' that b, tlier person was present when this con .eisitibn occurred abodt the superetitidun t ncite of men, anhr s as od as we were idterupted:by-the entrance of ad other eustomer?? 4 arkvisitor left some what abruptlf I i.fter that he did not comii as often as before, and never seemed na much at ease, and'neveerrenewed the conversatibji that had so agitated him, and never, in fa?t, entered into any other that he could posibly avoid. I kept my. thoughts to myself, but made some casual enquiries about him, and learned that he. had, been so fortunate asoto secure a capital "ilead," from which, -with his partner, another young man, he was tak. ing out gold in quantities that promised to enrich' both, and that both had the goodwill and esteem of all who knew them. Ode dark- night,.about three or fourweeks after this; I was startled frommy sleep by wild, prolonged shrieks aid dcies of " Mur. der ! murder i bhelp I. help I" I jumped up, seized myrevolver, and darted out into the open air. The cries and screams still con tinued, coming from a pbint on the bend of the river a hundred rods below. In a minute I was joined "? fi'e-others, all well-arnied, and atogether .imo nias l ard as we could to the place'.fro ?f'ich' the alarm proceeded. When we ar?sried there at least thirty men were collected in and round the tent of the dark man I hav6?been describing,' and he ;himself it-was who had given the alarm. Ills partner and companion had been muordered and robbtedand he himself had been slightly cut across the face and gashed on the -left arm,' and ib was all excstoment, hImenting his dearest:friesd, and vowing vengeance against the assassin. It was some time before we could get atthe particularis, and then we learned that both hid been sleeping side by aide,. when an unknown robber had crawled under: the light canvas, stabbed one to the :heart; and taken a large bag of -gold from under his head. With this he was escaping, whea the present narrator awoke and seized 4 him, anhd received the wounds Which had compelled him to relinquish his hold. I shall make no attempt to portray the in tense excitement, the-wild rage and cobster ;nItio, which this daring murder occasioned. Every man felt that, if the assassia escaped without his just.punishment, there would no longer be security for any one in our hitherto quiet anudpeaceful valley and solemn oaths were taken to :hang the -wretch, if foundr; upon the nearest tree. Ajarge reward was. oftIered: for his detection, and every gambler. that had ever been seen about there ws 'more or les suspected:; .and .I believa that, hid any man been arrested on the following day, bhe would have been hung first and tried afterwvard. ;My supersttitious frind grew.moeody with lgrief. He refused towr 'ois?lead 'any more, and propedel seliiig offa sacckceadd tools -nd quitting the country altogether. I ,Aldink.lhe:wiuild hl'e gone at once, -only I tolif him it would not look sell for him to leave, without a. effort to disoover the murderer, as some people might be malicious enough to say he knew momething oif the' matter, and so get him into trouble. He: tuined very pale and declared he woild'stay _ year-if by that means he could dis0cover the Sesassin of. his dear, beloved friend. u On iday,- about a week after the tragedy, I almost .every individual in the vicinity, the ,riend of the murdeleil man -mong the rest, iscemblled at my shop at my particular re. q?ast: I had told them I hid something to ommunicate concerning the foul deed, and that I thought it not unlikely I might give -heno some clue to the assassin. When Al' .had collected and arrangedihemselvies, a' _ r . ./ . : - hadl directed; <i a semicircle before my door -eager, expectant, excited'-I 4cane forward,. holding in myt.hand an egg. Then I made a short speech on the vanous superstitioni of mankind, and I mentioned how the ghoew of their victnii would often haunt their murdqrers, cohmpelling them to reveal their crimea ;" how- land and sea had been known to give up tlleir awfil:secret ; and how it had been asserted thatif the gniltywrietch were to place his hand ipon'.the body.o(tthe man he had secretly slain the wounds would bleed afreh.i. S"And now, gentle-en,".I continued,"' I hold in my hand as sore a test as any I have named. This simple egg, so fair to view, contains aminrderer's secret. 'Let himbmot take it in his hand, and the frail `hell will crumble to .pieces and show tb all that it is filled with the blood of his victim; You will excuse me, gentlemen, for putting you all to this test. We do not know each other's secrets-the murderer of the young man may be amongst us; but only the guilty need fear the trial-the innocent will sorely pass the ordeal unharmed.", :As.I said this Ifixd my gaze upon my diark viitor, my suspected.,man. I never sa?w a more wretched and ghastly counte nance; nor a greater struggle in any living. being. to keep a calm and unmoved exterior. The egg. began its' round.: Some took it gravely, some lightly,; some turned slightly pale, and some laughed outright. But on it' went, and" came, nearer and nearer to the man for whom itfwas intended. I could see that he was trembling-that his very lips were getting white. "It is your turn now," I said at length, in a cold, stern tone. "Mine?". ihe answered, with a ghastly attempt at a smile. "Why-why-should I--I take it? Poor Wilsonu was my-my friend I" " Prove so now l' I said. "'All eyes art ?pon you." He, gla;n.el.huriqd?t? iro'an.d All eyes were indeed uppn+him; an?4 with looks of awakening suspicioo. '-Hf riue one desepir ,g effort to be calmgulpe? :his breath like me 'choking, and-d"ezed the fatal egg with irembling hands Te '-next momentit was :rushed to atoms, and ;his hands were wet snd stained as if witl human gore.. A wild yell burst from.thie crowd: A wild-shriek came from the lipsif the guilty wretch, and fallingi rather than ?nking; down upon his knees, he cried out, God of mercy; forgive me ! I did kill him ! I did kill him for hhs gold I his gold! "Oh, God-of heaven, forgiWe "And, how many beforobiim!" demanded I, in an authoritative voice. " Three ! three ! Oh,- God of love and mercy, forgive me" - There was another wild yell-or rather howl of fury-a insh like.wolves upon their prey-and the poor wretch .was seized, al mosm torn limb frbm liimb" and dragged furiously away. In less than- tn miiote? fromir li confession' he .?s lahegljng frogs a neighbouilng tree ?isdgig by the -neck So;ldil the in mrd4eer, -*w srQ ame I hire uepreeelh'becauseh he tVd'iny respeat.able fricuds wrio are stif lil.ing: will only add that, believing him to .b guilty, I had jre viously prepared the egg, putting red colour ing matter into it, expeitine to see him crush it through his superstitious fears of a super natural disiborery.. They offered me the proniieled reward for the detection of the murderer, inut this I declined. Justice was all I had :ought, and this I had obtained. : I be' your pardon, milnme," said a gen t 1man, lifting his' hat. palitbly to a richly •dressled woman oin the stnret,' but your face is strangely familiario me. : I am'snre.that I have met ybn before.".- "Yis, y tithir ?Jones"' seply the richly -eiessed wo maa " it's meeself that knowv? ye -Oi'm your cook.'' II • ·- ! , ... , .+ . - +: + -+ . 