"I SAY NO;" or ' THE LOVE-LETTER ANSWERED. By Wilkie Collins. The ficlnsire right o( pnblicatlen tn New Bonth .lei baa been purchased by th. proprltt.rs ot the " Gaily Tele graph." BOOK THE FIBST.— AT SCHOOL. CHAPTER I. . the smuggled. supper. Outside tbe bedroom the night was black and still. . Tbe small rain fell too softly to be heard In the garden ; not a leaf stirred in the airless calm ; the watchdog was asleep, the cat, were indoors — far or near, nceer ine mnrky Heaven, not a eound was ttirriog. Insiue the bedroom the night was black and still. hli83 Ladd knew her business aa a schoolmistress: too well to allow night-lights ; and ilis3 Lidd'a yonng ladies were supposed to be fast asleep, in accordance with the roles ot tbe hon3e. Only at intervals the silence was faintly disturbed, when the restless turning of one of tbe girls in her bed betrayed itself by a gentle rustling between the sheets. In the long intervals of stillness, not 'sven tbe softly andible breathiog of young creatures asleep was to be heard. The first sound that told of life and movement revealed the mechanical Jmovement of the clock. Speaking from the lower regions, the tongue of Father Time told the boor before midnight. A soft voice rose wearily near the door of tho room. It counted the strokes of th clock, and re minded one of the girli of the lapse of time, " Emily — eleven o'clock." There was no reply. After an interval the weary voice tried again, in louder tones, " Emily 1" A girl whose bed was at tha inner end of the room sighed nnder the heavy heat of the nicht, and said, in peremptory tones, " Is that Cecilia ?" J'Yes." " What do you want f " " I'm getting hnngry, Emily. Is the new girl asleep ?" The now girl answered, promptly and spite fully, " No, ebe isn't." Having a private object of their own in view, the five wise virgins of Mrs Ladd's first class had waited an hour, in wakeful anticipation of tho falling asleep of tho stranger— and it had ended iu this way I A ripple of laughter ran round the room. The new girl, mortified and offended, oa- tered her protest in plain wordB. "You are treating me shamefully! You all distrust me, because I am a stranger," "Say wo don't understand you," Emily answered, speaking for her schoolfellows ; " and yon will he nearer the truth." " Who expected you to understand me, when I only came here to-day I I have told you already my name is Francincdc Sar. If you want to know more, I'm 19 years old, and I como from the West Indies." Emily still took the lead, " Why do yon come here ?" she asked. " Whover heard of a girl join ing a new school just before the holidays 1 You are 19 yeare old, are you ? I'm a year younger than you— and I have finished my education. The next big girl in tho room is a year younger than me — and she has finished her education. What can you possibly have left to learn at your age ?" " Everything I" cried the stranger from the West Indies, with an outburst of tears. "I'm a poor ignorant creature. Your education ought to havo taught yon to pity me instead of making fan of mo. I hate you ail. For shimc, for Bhamo 1" Some of the girls laughed. One of them— tin hnngry girl who had counted tho strokes of the clock — took Francine's part. " Xevcr mind their laughing, Miss de Sor. You are quite right ; you have good reason to complain of us." Miss de Sor dried her oyer, " Thank you, who ever you are," she answered briskly, 9 "My name is Cecilia Wyvll,' tbe other pro ceeded. " It was not, perhaps, quite nice of you to say you hated us all. At the same time, we have forgotten our good breeding— and the least we can do is to beg your pardon." This expression of gonerous sentiment appeared to hare an irritating effect on. the peremptory yonng person who took the lead in the room. Perhaps she disapproved of free trade in generous sentiment. " I can tell you one thing, Cecilia," she said ; " you shan't heat me in generosity. Strike a light one of yon, and lay the blame on me if Miss Ladd finds us out, I mean to shako hands with the new girl— and how can I do it in the dark ? Miss de Sor, my name's Brown, and I'm queen of the bedroom. I — not Cecilia — offer our apologies if we havo offended yon. Cecilia is my dearest friend, bnt I don't allow her to take tho load in the room. Ob, what a lovely night-gown!" The sadden flow of tbe candlelight had revealed Francine, sitting up in her bed and displaying such treasures of real lace over her bo9om that tho queen lost all senEe of rojal dignity in irrepressible admiration. "Seven and sixpence," Emily re marked, looking at her own nightgown, and despising it. One after another, the girls yielded to tbo attraction of the wonderful lace. Slim aod plump, fair and dark, they circled round the new pnpil in their flowing white robes, and arrived by common consent at one Bnd tho same conolu- tion : " How rich her father mnst be 1" Favoured by fortune in the matter of money, was this enviable person possessed of beauty as well? In the disposition of the bods, Miss da Sor was placed between Cecilia on the right hand, and Emily on the lift. It, by some fantastic turn of events, & man — say, in the interests of propriety, a married doctor, with Miss Ladd to look after him —bud been permitted to enter tho roam, and had been «sked what ha thought of the girls when he came ont, he wonld not even have mentioned Francine. Blind to tho beauties of the exponsive nightgown, he would havo noticed ber long upper lip, her obstinate ehin, her sallow complexion, her eyes placed too close together— and would have . turned his attention to ber nearest neighbours. On one side, his languid interest would have been instantly roused by Cecilia's glowing auburn hair, ber exquisitely pure skin, and her tender blue eyes. On the other, be would havo discovered a bright little creature, who would havo fascinated and perplexed him at ono and the sama time. If he btd been questioned about ber by a stranger, he would have been nt a loss to say positively whether she was dark or lieht. Ho would have remembered how her eyes had held him, but he would cot have known of what colour they were. And yet she would have remained a , vivid picture in his memory when other impres sions, derived at tho same time, had vanished. " There was one little witch among them who was worth all tha reat put together j and I can't tell you why. They called her Emily. If I wasn't a married man " There, he would havo thought of his wife, and would have sighed and Baid no more. While the girla were still admiring Francine, the clock struck the half hour past 11. Cecilia stole on tiptoe to lire door— looked out, atd listened — closed the door again— and ad dressed the meeting with the irresistible charm of her sweet voice and her persuasive smile. "Are none of you hungry yet?" she inquired. "The teachers are safe in their rooms ; wo have sai ourselvis right wiih Francine. Why keep the supper wailing under Emily's bed?" Such reasoning as this, with .such personal at traotiooB to recommend it, admitted of but one reply. The queen waved her hand grao:ously, aud said, " Pull it out." Is a lovely girl— whoso face possesses the crown ng charm of expression, whose slightest move ment reveals the supple symmetry of hor figure — lets lovely because she is blessed with u good ap petite, and is not ashamed to acknowledge it .' With a grace all her own, Cecilia dived under the bed, and produced a basket of jam tarts, a basket of fruit and sweatmeats, a basket of sparkling lemonade, and a superb cake— All paid for br general subscription, aod smuggled into tbe room by kind connivance of the servants. On this oc casion, the feast was especially plentiful and ex pensive in commemoration, not only of the arrival of the midsummer holidays, but of the coming freedom of Miss Ladd's two leading young ladies? With widely different destinies before thorn, Emily and Cecilia bad Completed their school life, and wero now to go nut into the world. The contrast in the characters of the two girl-t showed itself, even in such a trifle as the prepara tions for sapper. Gentle Cecilia, sitting on the floor surrounded by good thiog«, lelt it to tbe ingenuity of others to decide whether the bnsket9 should be all emptied at once, or banded round from bed to bed, one at n time. In tbe nio&nwbile;, her lovely bine eyes rested tenderly tn the tarts. Emily's commanding spirit seized on the reins of government, and -.cployod each of ber rcboolfeilows io'-he decup do' wh'ci Bhe was fittistto undertake. " Mi s !« do- let hie look at your hand. Ah I I thought s >. Y u h .ve got the thickest wrist amongst us; you rbAitdruv the corks. If you let the lemonade poo, no a drop goes down yonr throat. Effie, Aonis, Pri-cil.a, you are three notoriously lazy girls ; it's doing you a true kindness to set you to work. Effie, clear the toilette-table for supper; away with the comha, the brushes, and the looking-glass. Annis, teai up that old newspaper, and sot the pieces out neatly for dishes and plates. Ho ; I'll unpack ; nobody touches the basket but me. Priscilla, you have the ears quickest in the room. You shall act as sentinel, my dea , and listen at tba door. Cecilia, when you have done devouring those tarts with yonr- eyes, take that pair of scissors (Miss de Sor, allow me to apologise for the mean manner in which this school is carried on ; the knives and forks are counted and locked up every night I say take that pair of scissors, Cacilia, and carve the cake, and don't keep the largest bit for yonrself. Are we all ready j Very well. How take example by me. Talk as much as you like, so long as you don't talk too loud. There ia one other thing before we begin. The men always pro pose toasts on these occasions ; let's be like the men. Can any of you make r spech? Ah, it falls on me, aa usual. 1 propose tho first toast 1 Down with all schools and teachers — especially the new teacher, who came this half-year. Ob, mercy how it stings I" The fixed gas in the Lmonade took the orator at that moment by the throat, and effec tually checked tbe flow of her eloquence. It made no difference to the girls. Excepting the case of feeble stomachs, who cares for eloquence in the presence of a supper table ? There wore no feeble stomachs in that beed room. With what inexhaust ible energy Miss Ladd's young ladies ate and d ank 1 How merrily thoy enjoyed the delightful privilege of talking nonsense I And— alas 1 alas I — how vainly tbey tried, in aftor life, to renew the once unallojed enjoyment of tarts and lemon ade! In the unintelligible schemo of creation there appears to be no human happiness— not even the happiness of school girli — which is ever complete. Just as it was drawing to a close, tbo oujoymont of tbe feast was interrupted by an alarm from the sentinel at the door. ' Fnt out the candlo I' Priscilla whispered. ' Somebody on the stairs.' CHAPTER II. BIOGRAPHY IN T1IE BEDROOM. The candlo was instantly extinguished. In discreet silence the girls stole hack tu their bodB, and listcntd. As an aid to the vigilance of the sentinel, the door ' had been left ajar. Through tha narrow opening, a creaking of the broad wocden stairs of the old house became audible. In another moment there was silonco. An interval passed, and the creaking was heard again. This time tho sound was distant and diminishing. On a sudden it stopped. The midnight silence was disturbed no more. What did this mean ? Had one among the many persons in authority under Miss Ladd's roof heard the girls talking, and ascended the stairs to surprise them in tbe act of violating one of the rules of the house ? So fur, j such a proceeding was by no means uncommon. But was it withiu the limits uf probability that a teacher should alter her epinion of ber owu duty half-vtay up the stairs, and deliberately go hack to her rcom again ? Tbe bare idea of such a thing was absurd on the face of it. What more rationnl explanation could ingenuity discover on the spur of the moment, Francine was the first to offer a suggestion. She shook and shivered in her bod, End said, " For Heaven's sake, light tho candle again I It's a ghost." " Clear away tho supper, you fools, before the ghost can report us to Miss Ladd," With this excellent advice Emily checked the rising panic. The door whs cloae'd, the caodle was lit, nil traces of the supnerdistppearcd. For tivo minutes more they listened again. No Eound came from tbe stairs ; uo teacher, or ghost i c£n teacher, appeared at the door. Having oaten her supper, Cecilia's immediate anxieties were at an end ; she was at leisure to exert ber intelligence for tbe benefit of her schoolfellows. In ber gentle, ingratiating way, she offered a composing auggestion, " When wo heard the creaking, I don't believo there was any body, on the stairs? In these old houses there are always strange noises at night — and they say the stairs here were made more than two hundred years since." . ' 1 Tho girls looked at each other with a sense of relief, but they waited to hear the opinion of the queen. Emily, as usual, justified the confidence placed in her. She di-covered an ingenious method of putting Cecilia's suggestion to tbo test, " Let's go on talking," sho said. "If Cecilia is right, the teachers are. all asleep, and we- havo nothing to fear from tbem. If she's wrong, we shall sooner or later see ono of them at the door. Don't be alarmed, Mies de Sor, Catching ua talk ing at night, in this school, only mcana a rop-i- mand. Catching us with a light ends in punnh- ment. Blow out tbe candlo." Francine's belief in the ghost was too Bincercly superstitious to be shaken. She started up in bed. "Oh, don't leave me ia the dark! I'll take the punishment if we aro found out." "On your sacred word of honour?" Emily stipu. la ted, " Yes — yea I " The queen's sense of humour was tickled. "There's something fnnny," she remarked, ad dressing her subjects, "in a big girl like ihis com ing to a new school, and beginning with a punish ment. May I ask if yon are a foreigner, Miss de Sor? " "My papa is a Spanish gentleman," Francino answered with dignity. "And yonr mamma?" " My mamma is English," "And you havo alwa)B lived in tbe West Indies?" " I lhavc always lived in the island U San Domingo," Emily cheeked off on her fingers tho different points ihuBfardiscoveTedintbecharacterof Mr de Sor's daughter. " She's ignorant, and superstitious, and foreign, and rich." My dear (forgive the familiarity), you arc an interesting girl — and we must really know more of you, Kntertiia the bedroom. What have you been about all your life ? And what, in the name of wonder, brings you here ? Stop I Before you bt-gin. I ineist on one condition, in the name of all the you.ig 1 rites In tbe room. Ho useful informs ioa abmt the West Indies 1" Francino disappointed ber audience. Bho was ready enough to make herself an object of interest to her companions; hut she wta not possessed of the capicity to arrange eveuta in their proper order necessaty to tho .ucitil of the simplest narrative. Emily w»a obliged to help her. by means of questions. In one rejpest, the result justified tho trouble taken to obtaiu it. A sufficient reason was discovered for the extraordi nary appearance of a new pupil en tbe day before the school closed for the holidays, Mr de Bor'a social positioe ru Sun Domingo had been (to use hia daughter's word.') the posuion ol "a small planter— too poor to send to France or England for a governess." The mother's no. 1th was delicate; and the mother's interest centero i in her only other child — a son, born in the later years of her married life. From first to lam, Fiancine (in her own opinion) had been shame fully neglected. Six months, sines the pros pects cf tbe family had changed for the better on the death of a bachelor relative. Mr de Sor's bi other bad , left him one of the finest estates in Ban Domingo, and a fortune in money ns well ; on tho one easy condition that be continned to reside in the island. The question of expense being now beneath tbo notice of the family, Francine had been sent to England, specially recommended to Miss Ladd as a yonn lady with grand prospects, sorely in need of .. fashionable education. The voyage had been so timed, by advice of the schoolmistress, as to mik- tbe holidays a means of obtaining this objec privately. Francine was to be taken to Brighton, where excellent masters could be obtained u. assist Miss Ladd, With six weeks before her, She might in some degree make up for lost time ; and, when the school opened again, she would avoiu the mortification of being put down in the lowesi class, along with tbe children. The examination of Miss de Sor having produced these resnlta was punned no further. Her character now appeared in a nw, and not very attractive, light. 8he audaciously took to bcrssii tbe whole credit of telling her story. ' I think it's my turn now,' she said, ' to be in terested and amused. May I ask you to begin. Mies Emily ? All I koow of you at present iB thai your family name is Brown,' Emily held up her band for silence. Was the mysterious creaking on the stairs mvk iog itself heard once more ? Ho. The sound tha' had caught Emily's quick ear came from the b -> on the opposite side of the room occupied by tbu three lazy girls, 'With no new alarm to disturb tbem, Effie, Aonis, and Priscilla badjielded to the composing influences ot a good supper and a warm night. Tboy were fast asleep-and the fattest of the three (softly, as became a young Ldj) was snoring I The unhlcmisled reputation of the bed-room was dear to Emily in her capacity of queen, Sbefelt herself humiliated in the presence of the new pupil. ' " If that girl ever gets a sweetheart," she said indignantly, " I shall consider it my duty to. warn the poor man before be marries her. Her ridicni- ous name it Euphomia. I have. chrlst'ned her (far more appropriately) Boiled Veal, No eolonr in her hair, no eolonr in her eyes, no colour in her complexion. Iu short, no fiavonr in Euphemia. You naturally object to snoring. Pardon me if I turn my hack on yoa— I am going to throw my slinper at her." The soft voice of Cecilia — susDteiouslT drowsy in tone — interposed in the interests of mercy. "Sho can't help it, poor thing ; and sho really isn't loud enough to disturb us." " Sho wonT disturb you, at any rate 1 Rouse yonrself, Cecilia, We are wide awake on this s de of tho room — and Francine sajs it's our turn to amute her." A low mnrmur, dying n'way gently in a sigh, was the only answer. Hweet Cec.lia had yielded to the somnolent Influences of tho supper and the night. The soft infection of reposo seemed to be in some danger of communicating itsolf to Fran cine. Ifer large mouth opened luxuriously in a long-continued yawn. "Good night I" said Emily. Mits do Sor became wido awake in an instant. " No," she said, positively, " yon are quite mis taken if you think I am going to sleep. Plenso exert yourself, Miss Emily— I am waitine to be interested." Emily appeared to ho unwilling to exert herself. Sho became interested in tho weather. " Isn't the wind rising ?" she said. Thero could be no doubt of it. The leaves in tbe garden were bcgincing to rustle, and lhe pattoring of the rain sounded on tho wind >ws. Francine (as her straight chin proclaimed to all students in physiognomy) was -n obstinate girl. Determined of carry her point, eha tried Emily's own aystem on Emily herself — she put questions. " Have you boon long at this school ?" ' More than three years." "Have yon got any brothers and sisters ?" 1 1 am an only child.' " A re your father and mothor alive ?" Emily suddenly raised herself in her bed. " Wait a minute," sho said ; " I think 1 hear it again." " The creaking on the stairs !" " Y'et." Either she was mistaken, or tho chingo' for the worse in the weather made it not easy so hear slight noises in the house. The wind was still rising. The passnge of it through the great trees in the garden began to sound like the (all of waves on a distant beach. It dro7e tha rain — a heavy downpour by this time — rattling against tho windows. " Almost a storm, isn't it ?" Emily said. Francine's Inst question had not been answered yet. She took the earliest opportunity of repeat ing it : "Nevermind the weather," she ea-d. Tell mo about your father end mother. Are they both nlivo ? " Emily's reply only related to one of her parents, " My mother died before I was old enough to fesd my loss." " And your father ? " Emily referred to another relative— her fither's sister. " Since I bnve grown up," sho proceeded, " my good nunt has been a second mother to me. My Btory is, in ono respect, the reverse of yours. Y'ou are unexpectedly rich, and I nm unexpectedly poor. My aunt's fortuno was to have been my fortune, if I outlived her. She has been ruined by the failure of a bank, In her old age, Bho must live on an income of a hundred a year — and I must get my own living when 1 leave school." " Surely your father can help vou ? " Francine persisted, " His property is landed property." Her voica faltered, as she referred to him, even in that in direct manner. " It is entailed ; his nearest male relativo inherits it," The delicaoy which is cosily discouraged was not one of the weaknesses in tbe nature of Francine. " Do 1 understand that your father ii dead ? " sheBBked. . Our thick-skinned fellow-creatures have the rest of us at tbeir mercy ( only give them time and they carry their point in tbe end. In sad, sub dued tones— telling of deeply-rooted reserves of feeling, seldom revealed to strangers— Emily yielded at last. " Yes, "she said, " my father is dead." " Long ago?" " Some people might think it Jong ago. I was very fond of my father. It's nearly four years since bo died, and ray heart etill aches when I think of him. I'm not easily depressed by troubles, Miss de Sor. But bis death was Budden — he was in his grave when I first heard of it — and Oh ho was so good to me ; he was so good to me !"„ The gay, high-spirited little creature, who took tho lead among them all— who wag the life and soul of tbe school— hid ber face in her hands and bnrst out crying. Startled and — to do her justice — ashamed, Francine attempted to make oxcuses, Emily's generouB nature passed over tho cruel persistency that had tortured her. "Ho, no; I have nothing to forgive. It isn't your fault. Other girls have got mothers and brothers and Bisters — and get reconciled to such a loss as mine. Don't make excuses." "Yes, bat I want you to know that I foel for you," Francine insisted, without tho slightest approach to sympathy in face, voice, or manner, " When my uncle died, and left us all tho money, papa was much shocked, fie trusted to timo to help bim," " Timo has been long about it with me, Francine. I am afraid thero is something perversa In my nature ; tho hope of meeting ngain in a better world seems so faint and so far uway. No more of it now ! Let ua talk of th it good creature who ia at'.ccp on the other side of yoa. Did 1 tell you that I mu6t earn my own bread when I leave school? Well, Cecelia has written home and found an employment for me. Hot a situation aa govornofB— something quite out of the eommon way. You ehnll bear all about ir." In the brief interval that had passed the weather bad begun to ohangc again. Tha wind was as high as ever ; but, to judge by the lessening patter on tbo windows, the rain was pnssing away, Emily began. Bhe was too grateful to hor friend and school fellow, and too deeply interested in her story, to notice tho air of indifference with which Francine settled herself on her pillow to heir the praueB of Cecilia. Tbe mo9t beautiful girl in the school was not an object of intereat to a young lady with an obstinato chin, and unfortunately-placed eyes. I'ouring , warm from tbe speaker's heart the story ran emoothly on, to tho monotonous accompaniment of the moaning wind. By fine degrees, Francine's eyes closed, opened, and closed again. Towards the latter part of the narrativo Emily's memory became, for the moment only, confused between two events, She stopped to consider — noticed Francine's silence, in an interval when she might have said a word of encouragement— aud looked closer at her. Miss de Sor was asleep, " Sho might have told me she was tired," Emily said to herself quietly, "Well ! the best thing I can do is to put .out tho light and follow her example," As she took up the extinguisher, the bedroom door was suddenly opened from tho outer side. A tall wom&D;, robed in a black dressing gown, stood on the tbiesbold, looking at Emily, (To he Continued.) 