THE working classes have nothing to thank the Legislative Council for as regards this week's work in that Cham ber. It has been a sort of antidemocratic burst there throughout. A little reativeneta of the sort had been shown by the Council nearly all* through the session ;^and nothing but the conciliatory attitude of the Government kept it from "kicking over the traces" with something like its old vehemence and thoughtlessness on several occasions, Bnt its weakness for girding at'democracy Sulminated this week series of obstructions, which was quite worthy of " old times," and which would have shc-d gladness on the hearts of Sir CHARLES SLADEN and Sir WILLIAM MITCHELL, <fcc., had those Tory veterans remained alive to witness these Conservative outbursts. Another week, indeed, liko this one, and the question would have to be gravely considered whether it was not necessary to initiate another crusade for constitu tional reform, as the last one haB proved a failure, as we have for some months past been strongly disposed to believe it is. The Bendigo Independent a day or two ago was in a state of the miserables; because things political are so quiet. It appealed to politicians to get np a good cry for the next general election, although it frankly confessed it could not see on what-subject a cry could be raised. But let the Legislative Conncil only keep in the track it got into this week, and long before the. lime comes ronnd for the next general election, there will be a grand plank available, to give delight to our contemporary, and to bring the Liberals once more Bhoulder to shoulder together. The cry will be for a change in the constitution of that Chamber which shows itself more property-grovelling, and more hardened in its political sins, the older it grows, or the less disposed to befriend the masses of the community the longer it continues to exist. The cry will be that further, or rather better, reform is needed, because instead of liberalising the Council,, the laBt reform has made it rather more assertive and obstructive than before—expanded itB -Conservative proclivities just as the basis of its election has been widened. Is there any jaeti fication for these remarks'! will be id. L?t us take a canter over the doings of the Council this week, in order to answer this question. The first thing the Conncil did was " to bring the whole of the trades' nnions of the colony under the criminal law," as Mr RICHARDSON very properly put it, by making'an amendment in the Trades' Union Bill, on the motion of Dr HEABN. As the bill when it left the Assembly stood, the trades' anions of the colony were freed from this handicap and injustice^ just the same as ar» the trades' unions in England. But on the motion of Dr HEARST, this protection was withdrawn; and how the trades' onions are left to the-same liabilities; as they were before Mr RICHARDSON'S bill was brought in; indeed, they are in a worse position, because the amendment made by the Council has been agreed to by the other Chamber, and thns ..an obsolete law . is made workable and active. The amendment-was agreed to by :the , Assembly rather, than lose the rest of the bill; hut we -agree with Mr EiCHABDsoNthatit woaJdhavebeen better to have Jostthe ^ - bill r altogether . than bave it namediW this form- Any wgy, j his is oneof the obstructions of the; L A R A T C O U R I E R F R Oottiioil tfalB week; and it goes a long •way to show that there is no kindly feeling for the working clauses in that Chamber. The next freak Of the same kind was to Tefuse to go on with the Employers' Liability Bill, and thns to shelve it for the session. This measure passed the Lower Honse, and was designed to make employers liable to damages, to the maximum of £250, for any injuries sustained by their employes while at work, but with such safeguards that no employer could, complain of injustice. The bill, indeed, simply put employes in the Bame position as outsiders whenever an accident,, through the negligence oE employes, ortheir foremen, occurred. This bill no sooner came before the Council than it had to be withdrawn, as the Council refused to have anything to do with it, thus showing that, being a working maD'a bill, it was too obnoxious to the Conservative Chamber to be even considered. This was '.obstruction No. 2. Finally, comes the Railway Construction Bill, upon which the Council was so assertive, that only for one vote the bill would have been lost, and thus one of the principal measures of the session sacrificed. The Government adopted, a very ingenious method to maintain tbe privileges of the Lower House, and at the eame tiipe save the bill from being included among-" the innocents slaughtered." It included the Council's amendments, with the policy of the Assembly, in one bill; bnt in order to meet the desire of both Houses, it added the Dankeld line, and left the Hamilton extension untouched, thus acting in a conciliatory spirit to both Chambers. Yet only " by the skin of the teeth" was the bill saved only by one vote was the bill- passed by the Council; and it took a great deal of private influence to get even this end effected. The Council seemed resolved to provoke a row with the Assembly, not on the merits of the bill as a whole, which would have been defensible enough, but on a mere constitutional point, or a question of privilege; and had not the Govern ment acted with so much adroitness to ward off the danger, the ultra Conservatives in tbe Council would no doubt have rejected the bill rather than yielded. ThiB was obstruction No. 3; and, while it lasted, the whole of Parliament House, from the press gallery down to the doorkeeper at the -front of the building, was kept in a state of trepidation and excitement. Only add to these exploits this week, the action of the Council on the Land Biil, and its action also on the Mining on 'Private Property Bill (getting royalties extended for eleven years), and we don't think there will be much difference of opinion upon the view we take of the Council's proceedings of late, as mentioned at the outset of these remarks. The Council, as a whole, is evidently even more Conservative than it was before it was " reformed," and takes no more kindly to the interests of the working classes than it did when Sir CHARLES SLADEN and Sir WILLIAM MITCHELL " ruled the roost;" and, therefore, unless it makes quite a new start from the opening of the next session, it will certainly supply plenty of reasons why the demand for constitutional reform should be revived, as the last reform has gone a long way from meeting the expectations whioh it excited. Let. the Bendigo In/Jepenthen, rest its soul in /peace. There will be a good cry for the next general election, de upon it, if the Council remains unchanged, for Liberalism will not long put up with such freakB as the Council has committed this .week, without insisting upon such a condition of things being speedily and effectively altered. Meanwhile, it has to be said that the working classes have nothing to thank the Council for over what that House has done this week. For it has insisted upon each trade nnion being regarded bylaw as a criminal organisation; while it has refused the right of compensation to employes should they be injured at their work, although it waB through the carelessness of an employer, or his overseer, that the disaster happened. No thanks are due for these freaks, which simply weaken all respect for the Upper Hbuee wherever its speeches and acts are noted. Is the public never to hear the laBt of Mr HARGREAVES 1 This gentleman, on the faith of a claim he puts forth to have been the first discoverer of gold in Australia, althongh, according to parliamentary records, the claim is disputed by others, has been for many yeara knocking lustily at the door of the Victorian Treasury for a sum of £2619; and although he has been, figuratively speaking, repeatedly put off the doontep, he comes up to the scratch again as " fresh as new • paint," j though his appeal had never been rejected, Hansard is small-poxed with the name of HAR- GREAVES, for one can "hardly open a volume of it at random without finding his " case" a most prominent feature in the pages thus accidentally alighted upon. W.ben the Hansard of this week appears, HABGREAVES. will crop up asain, for Mr MACKAY trotted his " case" out once more on Wednesday, ^evening last, and nearly drove every .member out of the House when he did so, so sick and tired ia everybody of the subject. The gist of the claim;is that the £2619 was somehow or other voted by the old Legislative Council, about as far out of the reach oftfe mind as the flood that landed NOAH'S Ark on Mount Ararat, or the Siege of Troy,, but owing to Mr HABGREAVES not-being in the colony at the;time, he did sot get the money, and when he returned to Melbourne the Council was Ithim. too " hard This np ia " the to " find case" the as cash made to pay out for Mr HARGREAVES ; and it seems no UBB to refute it in the House, as Wed-, nesday's was about the sixth effort made to !»efc the Government to" pay this £2619, although the justice of the claim has been authoritatively disputed over and over' again, and yet some, member or other of the Assembly .Is always available to renew ^-the claim, and poor out the Har- -greavian agony in that Chamber. Every time the claim has been bronght: np in the Assembly it has been negatived- by a large majority; and yet there seems no way of killing it, each: is Its vitality, or rather, so- pressing is Mr HARGREAVES to get bold of-the money. The case on the other side is that-the money haa been paid, that Mr HAEGREAV.ES but received all he wpa ever .voted, - and, therefore, the: •gne'i vance onder which cMr &f; I D A Y , D E C E M B E R 12, of opinion he latere < S)f &0t having received the cas'jj ia all moonshine. We sha 1^ not" pretend to decide between . (he two complexions which are give: A to the case; but it may be remarked that Mr KEBFERD Baid in the AsBemb'^y on 3rd November, 18S0 " BB for the^ supposition that that gentleman HABGBEAVES) had not received the money voted for him in 1855, it was clearly a mistake," and we don'Vthink that Mr KEBFERD would hav/o made this remark had Mr HAR- GVKAVES not received the cash, or if the latter was not, in this Regard, laboring under a sort of hallucination. But whether he received the cash or not, Mr HABGREAVES has been handsomely rewarded for his auriferous discovery, supposing that it was he who really made the discovery of gold in Australia, for he has received £10,000 from the Government of New South Wales, and that is surely as much as he is entitled to, for whatever service in this form he has rendered. Certainly,, he has no reason to lay the Victorian people under any further contribution, for he had nothing whatever to do with the finding of gold in Victoria, which was due altogether to other people's researches and exertions. It is astonishing that any member of the Assembly can be found to take this claim up, after it has been rejected five times, and suchstrong reasons havebeen given by successive Governments why it is nnworthy of the least acknowledgment or respect. Clearly, Mr HAR- GREAVES should find no member in the Assembly to espouse his " case " from this out, for -more than enough of it has been heard in the House, and he haB been gorgeously paid for all he discovered. In another colamn will be foapd some correspondence on the bootmakers'lock-out. One of the letters is of interest, because it gives the decision of the Manufacturers' Association upon the recommendations made by the conference between employers and employes on Saturday, at the City Efall The letter desires Messrs Davies and Graham to convey their thanks to the mayor and the tradeB' representatives of Ballarat for the efforts they made in endeavoring to bring about a settlement of the present dispute. The letter farther went on to say that the attitude of the manufacturers was now, as it always had .been, of a conciliatory nature, and that they were prepared to confer with bona-fide representatives of the workmen, and in the event of not being able to settle matters that way, to refer the whole dispute to arbitration, if the workmen expressed a desire to do so: A meeting was held at the Trades' Hall laet evening of the committee appointed to consider the advisability of floating a cooperative boot manufactory, Mr C. Walton being in the chair. It was decided to form a company with a capital of £5000 in 10,000 ehsres of 10s each, 2s 63 on appliiaiion, 2» 6d on allotment, and the calls not to exceed 6d a month. A aub-committee was appointed to draw np a prospectus, which will be issued at an early date. The Bnb committee appointed by the Town Council to l-e-arrange the duties of the municipal officers has prepared its. report, which will be submitted at the nest council meetiug. \- We learn that one officer will be retained to carry out the duties of valuer, nnisance inspector, and other duties, at a salary of about £125, and that Mr Shepherd will be retained as.hitherto. The salaries of the clerk'of works and assistant town clerk, two efficient and not over-paid officers, will prob.bly be inoreased; whilst the town clerk's salary will be redaced, and some of his duties transferred to other officers. This re-arrangement should give satisfaction to Ballarat East ratepayers. We learn that the son of a well-known looal legal manager Is about to lead to the altarthe daughter of a gentleman formerly of South Australia, but who died in Ballarat about two years since. The young lady's fortune, it is stated, is close on £20,000. The numerous friends of Mrs Richard Gibbings will regret to learn that by latest aflvicee she was lying seriously ill in England, and that her medical advisers could not recommend her removal At the Town Court ycBterday, the four Chinamen, named Mi Sue, Lee Moy, Lee Young, and Ah Hoe, were charged with assaulting An Goon at the Golden Point Chinese camp on Sunday last. Inspector Parkinson stated that the oase was rather serious one, as An Goon had been assaulted because he gave evidence in criminal case" againettwo of the defendants. The Chinamen asked for a remand for a week, because Mr Gaunt, who had been engaged ss counsel, was unable to be present. No objection was offered by the police, and the bench—consisting of Mr Thomson, P.M., Mayor Walker, and Messrs Curtis and Ferguson, J.P.—granted the remand, At the Court of Mines this morning, the cases of the City of Ballarat Company to settle the list of contr.bntories in the United Hand in Hand Company and to admit proof of debt are set down for hearing, A sad accident happened on Wednesday to a fine little fellow, eight years old, son of Mr Kitts, farmer, at Mount Bnninyong. Tbe father and JOn were, each leading a mare with foal it foot, when one of the foals suddenly kicked the little fellow in the face, fracturing the jawbone and nearly cutting off the bottom lip, besides severely damaging other parts of his face. The injuries are so serious that Dr Hardy entertains little hrpes of the boy's recovery. Keaat v Watson, the last case' on the County Court, list, was called on yesterday, bat, owing'to the absence of defendant, adjourned -till Saturday. News -has been received at the death of Mrs Russell, relict of the late Eev. <3\. J. Russell. Mrs &ussell; expired in Melbourne, where she had gone from Sandjrarit for medical advice. This sad news has been receivi d with deep regret amongst the people of Buninyong, where the deceased was held in the highest esteem, The prisoner Dawson, who was arrested on Wednesday for wool-st9aling by Plain- clothes Se-geant Hyland, has been identified as a notorious criminal. He was discharged from gaol last December for-a similar crime to that which be at present stands charged with, and before that, durirg & period of twenty years, he has been frequently, convicted of horsestealing and other crimes. Twenty years ago a reward of £100 was offered for,, his arrest for horee-etealing, the prisoner' then going under the name of Doyle. Sergeant Hyland vividly recollects the circumstance, becanse he was very nearly bting in-a position tojdaim the reward. There, was •«. further improvement yesterday in the oondition of the Rev. R. T. Walker. ' Some little time ago the residents in a house on the lake aide were troubled by a " ghost." The manifestations of the spirit took the form of moaning noises, and some of the more imaginative of the human occur iants of thebnilding nctonly heard thedismal ndications of the presence of the spirit, but -thought they saw a white form flitting about in the darkness. And troublous times the residents,had;in.those periods, and their fears became so .'strong that at last the " ghott walki d" to them every n'ght. The buMing was .reoently bought by an nniiiperstitidus* youEg Scotchman, and the ghost dis»ppeared.<JnTueed»y night, however, be -waa somewhat concerned |to hear a -moaning noise~8s';; of -someone in pain or distress,;and started out -to learn What was the cause. FollowlDg up theghostly soundsj hefoundthey were caused by-the Vibrations of some lmpBrfeetly/;ttstenSd';.bo^rda :of-the bulldiDg. npoh whicb ihe half gile blowing' ^was taking effect. A few. blowa with a hammer tightened np the beards and killed the ghost. _ -Very ""contradictory evidence was given In a oase. at yesterday's Town Police Court, in which JSenior-constable Beardon - prooeeded agaiDBtayonng man named- White on a charge of having no name on his fcart. The senior-constable gave evidenoe in support of the charge, and-Mr Tress, for .whom the defendant was driving, went into|he box and deposed that the oait had a najne qn jt.. The casewas^djonrnedforhalf An-faonr.'andthe ^ ofSea^atAowawiijfUrTreBe. B ^gho^,, the'oart-referred-^Mr Tiesa. On the case l^i^ irefopenaa, 8ei3or-con- r 1884. stable Reardon swore that the cart was not tbe tame one at »il. the one he waa shown that day being a heavy spriDg-oart, painted green, whilst tie one the aefendant was drivingwas «light merchandiBe oart, painted red. The defendant stated that the seniorconstable was entirely mistaken, and that when aocosted just as he was coming out of Ramsay's shop in Bridge street he was driving the cut produced that day. He was then utable to show, any name on the vehicle. Senior-constable Reardon stated that he was positive the cirt shown him was not identical; and, moreover, he accosted the defendant near the Yarrowee bridge as he was driving from B»llarat Wett. The defendant stated that he was no further than Ramsay's shop that day; and Mr Tress said he was sure there was no mistake on his part, as he only had one cart. Senior-constable Rtardon remarked tjiat it W&B; ttrarge tbatif the cart wae the same one defendant ooula not show him the name when accosted, as a blitd man could almost see tbe name on the cart he was shown that morning. The bench, as may be imagined, was placed in a rather awkward predicament, and the case was adjonrned for a week to Bee if aDy further evidence could be bronght forward on either side. At a meeting of the Ballarat branch of the United Tinsmiths' Society held lost night, it was resolvtd that a sub30iiption-listbe opened amongjt its members to support the bootmakers in their present leek- out. Dnrlng'tho gile on Wednesday afternoon an advertiEement board pieced at Antcliffe's hotel was blown oa to tbe footpath, and an elderly gentleman who happened to be passing was knocked head < ver heels into the gutter. He intimated to Mr Antcliffe that he required something under £1000 in -the shape of damages, but Mr Aiit-jliffe disclaimed the ownership of the board, which advertised the coming A1 England cricket match. It is understood that the Ballarat Cricket Club also disclaims ownership, and the local agent of the English eleven will next be interviewed. Atameetirgcf the employes of the Phoenix Foundry on Wednesday, it was unanimously agreed to support the operative bootmakers In their'present difficulty with a levy of 2£ per cent, on their wages weekly, and, from the number employed, this levy should amount to a goodly sum. The trial of reapers and binders, under the auspices of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, will take place on tbe farm of Mr J. Baird, mar the Mount Blowhard hotel. There will be seventeen machines at work in the field, the operations of which will be interesting, more especially to ggrlcultariit.3. i John DawsOD, charged with stealing two bales of wool, value £35, the property of J. W. M'Kenna, of Baynton, was bronght np at the City Police Court yesterday, before Messrs Permewan and Little, J.P. Prisoner Btated he had r.csived the wool from a man who had owed him Bome money on a horse, He was remanded till Monday, The primitive piece of mechanism which has hitherto served to raise the alarm at Sebastopol,' in CBBB of fire in the model borough, has now bsen replaced by a fire bell, weighing SS lb. The bell arrived yesterday, and the interest which the borough councillors have taken in tbe matter may be held responsible for its early arrival, as the proposal was only brought forward at the last council mcetir g. The bell was procured from Messrs John Banks and Sons, of Melbourne, at a cost of £7 6s Sd. It was yesterday afternoon temporarily erected In the town hall yard. About eight o'clock in the evening the reflection of a fire was visible to the west of Sebtstopol, and the bell tolled out the alarm. Tbe Sebastopol contiagent of the Billarat City Brigade had its reel on the spot in no time, and it was found that some rubbish was bsirg burnt. The firemen were just about to return when a fire was observed close to tbe town hsl'. Tho second fire was reached in a couple of minutes, and was again found to be only burning rubbish. The Btrange circumstance of the iwj fires occurring on tbe d»y of the arrival of the firebell was remarked,, and some said it was a pre-arracged affair, but others soontcd the idea. The bell, at any Tate, was found (o answer admirably. The councillors complimented the firemen in their efficiency, and at the mayor's Invitation a glass of wine was partaken of. A yonng fellow staying at Mr Sim. Cohen's restaurant a few days ago got an advance of a few shillings upon a cheque with a face value of £5. and purp rting to be drawn in his favor by one Wm. Brown. The oheque when presented proved to be valueless, and the police are now desirous of interviewing the individual who got the advance, The Whelan board will sit this morning, at eleven o'clock, in the magistrates' room at the Ballarat East Town Hall buildings, The weekly night parade of the Ballarat Battalion was held iaBt n : get, when about ninety officers and men assembled, and Major Greenfield, in the absence of l.ieutenant-Colonel Sleep, commanded; Major Kildahl also being present. The men were exercised in company drill, under the company offiotrj, durirg the greater portion of the evening. The Union Foundry employes held a meeting yeBteriay, and decided to make a weekly levy to assist the bootmakers daring the lock-out, A service of song, entitled*",Chips," together with Christmas anthems, will be given in the Methodist Church, Sonth street, to- nigbt, by a powerful and well-trained choir. Mr T. Little will give the connective readings, and Dr Moffitt will preside. Solos from Handel's "Messiah" will also be rendered. "Tbe service" will commence at eight o'clcck. A numerous company of ladies and gentlemen assembled last eveniog at the residence of Mr H. Wardle, Doveton street south, to be present at the marriage of Mr W. Burbidge, analyst, of the School of Mines, to Miss Emma Esther Wardle, second daughter of Mr Wardle, The Rev. W. Clark performed the ceremony, and the following were tbe bridesmaids:—MIsees Emma and L. Wardle; Misses Beatrice, E, and Ethel Burbidge; MiBses Blanche and A. La vis, MIBB Clemence, and Miss Hntson. Mr Arnold S. Burbidge officiated as groomsman. After the ceremony, quantities of rioe and hearty good wlBhes'were showered upon the happy young couple, and a btnquef followed, at wnich the usual toast! incidental to such a joyous occasion were duly honored, A social party wound np the evening. The Victoria Private Quadrille Clob, atthe Lyceum Hall, had a moat successful social on Tuesday evening as a wind np for the season. Over fifty couples were present, and an excellent supper-was provided by MrMlntyre. The chairman, on behalf of the members, presented Mr J. Mullins, tbe hon. secretary, with a valuable tea and coffee set in silv, r, bearing the following inscription:—"Presented to Mr J. MallinB by the members of the Victoria Private Qaadrille Club for valuable services rendered during the seasons 18S3 and 1SS4." The chairman also'presented Mr Mullins, on behalf of the ladies ofthe clnb,.with a fine gold miniature looket; Mr R H Lake was presented with a handsomely framed testimonial in acknowledgment of his genial services aa M.C. to the «Iub. The recipients suitably replied. There were several toasts drunk, and the company returned to the hall, where the remainder of the sight was spent in dancing, interspersed with several songs by lady and gentlemen members. Messrs Soniaeder and W. Oyatoh supplied the music. Ur J. Lyons offisiated as M.C. The secretary of the Ballarat City Eire Brigale desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of a cheque for the sum of £2 12s 6d as a donation to its funds from the South British Fire Insurance Company. A cIVii' engineer named James Hule, at present engaged at the Ballarat Etst survey oamp,. appeared before the Ballarat Bust magistrates yesterday, at the instance of his wife Dorothea Hnle, on a charge of intending to. desert brr. The case occupied some time, ord was difficnltnf «ettlement. The husband alleged that bis wife -was nearly alwaye drunk and said that'she would convert his house into'a brothel If he lived with her.. On the other hand, the woman said that her husband had been the oanse of her rain and disgrace, and alleged that some months agohe was glad to live at ber expense. The; case was dismissed, and tbe woman enquired what she was to do for a living. The chairman of the. bBnch replied that she mast seek theproper remedy, or put np with tbe consequences. James Huie atone time occupied an excellent position, . being secretary, and engineer to-a large .shire near Geelong, bnt since-that time be has met with many misfortunes. , A meeting in aid of the Victorian'mission for ,tea6h1ng the -blind to read was held on Wednesday evening in the Pleasant .Street | tWeBleyanChurch.;.Tlie chair was* occupiedby \- . Bobert TTOBBB, Mr Nomas'James, tho teacher, described the rise and prrgrera ] of his iffcrts to stir np a desire for selfimprovement amongst thOBe over whom — 1 *•-- the shadow of darkness rests. He informed those present that there are about COO blind persons in variouB pirts of Victoria, in addition to about 120 inmates of the Mdboui-je Asylum -and Sohool' for the Blind. Abont 103 of these are visited by the teacher in their homes in Ballarat, Sandhurst, Melbourne, Sale, Beechwcrth, and other pirts of thiB colony. Mr James also stated that a supply of books, embossed by Dr MOOD, is obtained eveiy year from England, which he (Mr James) circulates amongst the learpers and those who have mastered the art of reading by the sense of touch. Mr John Matsen also addressed the meeting, and in an original way appealed for the liberal support of the Mission, so that the teachers' efforts might be sustained and extended. Mr Brown read a portion of a book embossed for tbe use of the blind. The Rev. J. P. M'Cann, in a few earnest remarlw, commended the Mistion to the cordial support of the meeting, after which a collection was takin up, which amounted to £3 7s 3d. The meeting terminated with a hearty vote of thinks to the speakers and the chairman. Pigeon - stealing continues a popular offence, and the theft of some valuable carriers has been rcptrtcd to the police. A service of song, entirled "Given in Charge, or Little Joy's Mission," was given in the Pleasant Street Wesleyan Church last night, and proved moBt enjoyable. The variouB numbers in the .service were performed with much sweetness, the members of the choir eingirg in a manner that refleeted no small credit npon Mr B. Jtffree, the leader. Miss V. Spear presided at the organ, and Mr R. Algie gave the connective readings. It has been reported to tbe-police that gome petty maruderxn Wednesday evening broke into a building in Ballarat East, occupied by a blind mendicant, and stole the blankets belonging to his bed. The blankets were only valued at 14s, but they were all the bedding the mendicant had, and their loss 1B a severe one to him The Carisbrook and Majorca branch of the Ama'gamated Miners' Association at their meeting on Tuesday evening (says tbe World) dealt with the subject of the intended strike recently reported in the papers as having been narrowly averted at the New Kong MeDg mine. Those present said that the first they heard of the strike was in the papers. It was true there had been a disagreement between a few of the men as to wages, bat the manager fell in at once with their views, and no strike was then dreamt of, A challenge has just been received from the Melbourne Chess Club by the Mechanics' Institute; players to play a match on New Yeat's or Boxing Day. The matter has been taken up warmly by two or threo playerr, and the following players will likely be selected:—Messrs Brvce, M'Lean, Taylor, Finlayson, Weldon, Verey, Irvine, Lampe, Ryan and Mitchell. Should any of the above be nnable to play, they are requested to communicate witn Mr Bryce, Mechanics" Institute, at once. The match is to be p'aytd by telegraph, The subjects for the matriculation examl nations to day are—French, pasB and honors, and elementary chemistry, pass, Frances Romeo, a girl about fifteen years of age, wi) charged by Sergeant Hall at the Town Court yesterday wich residingsJln a brothel with a woman ripnted to be a prostitute. Sergeant Hall Btct d that the girl was taken in as servant at a hotel on promising to reform, bit did not fulfil her promise, and the landlord bad to get rid of her. She then took up her l-ssidenoe In a house of Ill-fame, and several complaints had b j .en made sgiinst her, acd one man In particular reported that she had accosted him and been guilty of most improper conduct. She thereft re could not be allowed to go abont the streets any longer. Constable tttallard stated that the girl had been in the habit of roaming the Btreets, and some months ago reported that she had been assaulted hy five youths in the Market square. Her statement on enquiry was found to bs a fabrication. The Town Missionary, Mr M. Hooking, was present in court, and offered to admit the girl into tbe Female Refuge. The mother oi the girl was present, and this arrangement having been consented to, she was discharged on condition that she et.tared the Refuge. Negotiations have been satisfactorily com [ leted (says our Maryborough correspondent) for the AH- England Eleven to play twentytwo of tbe Maryborough district in Princess' Park, Maryborough, on 20th and 22nd De< oembjr. We remind persons who intend enterinu horses for any of th6 following events—viz., Maiden Plate, District Hardies, Springdsllah Handicap, Trotting Match, and Springdallah Hurdle Racc, to ba run on Boxiog Day, at Happy Valley, that the nominations will close tc- morrovr. Charity Sunday colleotionB will be made In St. Paul's Church on Sunday next, at the three Hervices. The Rev. Stanley Mercer, of Christ Church pro-Cathedral, will preach in the morning, and the Venerable Archdeacon Julius both afternoon and evening, A quorum of tbe council of the shire of Grenville met at the shirs office, Linton, on Thursday, and confirmed Bye-law No. 6, for regulating the proceedines of tbe council AccouutB, amounting to £21S Is 9d, were passed for payment. In the afternoon Councillors Fraser, Murrell, M'Ciffery, and the engineer inspected tha roads in the Derwent Jack and Moonlight district, with the view of ascertaining what works to carry out for tho season. A full rehoarsal, band and ohorus, of tbe Ballarat Liedertsfel fcr the forthcomine grand performance of "Luorezla Borgia" was held on Wednesday evening at the Alfred. HalL The opera' has been entered into with a spirit calculated to do jastice to the merits of the composer; Signor Modini was present, and expressed his pleasure and satisfac ion at the existence of the organisation and the ability of its performers. The performance will take place on the ISth instant, in the Alfred Hall, which will be specially arranged for the ccoaBion. Ex*» tickets are obtainable from the secretary, at the .cflhc of tho society, No. 3- Chancery lane. The following items appear in this week's Police Gazette:—Stolen from the person of. Robert Briggs, in Ballarat East, on the night of the 2ad inBtant, a silver hunting lever watch, No. 5008 supposed. A warrant of cornmitmtnt has been issued by the Allendale berch sgiinst James Minihan, for fourteen days' imprisonment, in default of payment of 22a 6d, floe and - costs, for cutting timber on Crown lards without a license. Stolen from A. Greenwood, draper, Ballarat, on the 6th instant, a bay horse branded \YC near shoulder. A new " Home of Hope for Destitute Children" was opened (says the Argus) on Wednesday afternoon, in Easey B'.reet, Collingwood. The premises are two-storied, built of brick, and contain ten commodious rooms. The dormitories for the girls and b'.ys each have space fcr fifteen beds, acd are well lighted and ventilated. There are now twenty-three children—of whom nine are girls—In the home, which was started by MrC. M. Gherbary five yeare ago. The system of .management is theroughly homelike and unsectarian, the chief qualifications for admission b:iog that the children shall ba quite friendless and helpleES, and free from the taint of crime. The Adelaide correspondent of the Age telegraphs that the South Australian Go- vernment have received a telegram from Major-General Downes, who is at present in S;duey, intimating that he had received the offer of a position from the Victorian Minister of Defence, and asking the Government for permission to retire in -Maroh instead of in Jnne, as the Victorian authorities could not wait till the lattor date. The Government have returned an affirmative reply. Owing to illnees; the Premier (says the Herald) was nnable to proceed down tie Iny yesterday morning with tho Parliamentary jionio. Mr Service is evidently' suffering : rom the effects of late hours, and the large amount of worry connected with-the close of a session of Parliament, and ho is cow laid np with a rather bid attack of his old malady, indigestion. His illness Is, however. not so severe bnt that a few days' rest -Bhould prove restorative. • The World says that there is no trath in the statement that Mr Anderson, traffic manager of the Viotorian railways, intends to retire from the Government service. The weights (says the Herald) for" the different events to be rnntor at the V.R.O. New. Y-esr'a Day -Meeting, wera originally; announced for declaration yestei day. The committee, bowtver.havo decided not to get Ibeip framednntU Saturday, the 27th Instant, in order that the handlcapper may have th. benefit of the performances of the hots.! prior to that date. "" Tho institution (says the Argun) 0f fashionable drive, somewhat similar to RM' ten Row in London, as an addition to tk social attractions of Me.bourne, has f queEtly been discussed, and our cont® porary is at lergth in a position to annonrf that stpps have oeen taken to give the n ject defiaite shapj. A number of ladies gentlemen have agreed to ride or dr!n • tbe Albert Park on Friday afternoons i'" tween ..the hours of four and six o'e'lt i Heir Flock's band will be in attendance • j will perform a selection of music. The mov ment will bo inaugurated this sftern™ when it Is anticipated that a conBiderahf' mutter of carriages and tqiieatrians will IT on the jground. It is expected thai L fl Loch will give her patroncgj to the'mn ment. , The paBBengers by the mail 1]Vn f„ Ballarat to Melbourao on Tuet(]av ? were not made aware (says the'e \ Advertiser) of the narrow escape tbevl" J from a fearful death. It WSB a miraeni one, and the circumstances which caa» ? were purely accidental. The side rod if iv' locomotive ixprees pissenitir trsiu lo H i larat,broke on the' right hand eide and ti rod, unknown to those in charge if tf e express, fell across the up IiD0 cf r.:i Melbourne, some distance from tbe \\\ ,to Geelong junction. The train procecdiDRt the metropolis via G^elorg came flown tk Lovely Banks incline at the rate of 50 m'i per hour, and when abont 40 ytrjs nT - yards from the bright a ted rod oa the ,0 ° cline the driver noticed the obstacle I instant tho ergine negotiated the ohstaef sudden jerk waB felt, and the lconrJr ' rattled on as if nothing had S Steam, bowiver, was shut off, the j ?' stopped, and an (x imination of the iino made. It was ascertained tl at the rof=, - been Btruok by the engine wheeh ™t tangled in the machinery under the |0Cj CD ' tiva, twisted into an inconcelvaHj - and driven several feit into thegtounj r ' which place it htd to be dug out. The'«S at whiob the engine was travell™prevented the train from becoming 11,! wreck, and possjbly preventing the Joli^' disaster from being eclipse d. A telegram from Albany, in yctt'rri. • Telegraph sayt:—"The hsrvest j0(t !!' commencing Is turning out ve>y welL m particularly in the case of tho late em crops. The grasshopper pligae is renorw to have appeared at D.'ght's Krest, ten mi!„ from Albary. The latest reports from th! rabbit infested diBtriots state that effort, for the abatement of the pest are b=inj attended with good results, bnt at enormon, expense." The rabbits (remarks " .-Egles" in tks Australasian are generally condemned a! mischievous vermin. Hear the other tide A few days ago an acquaintance' remarked to a Ballarat publican that he lookM m "That's only," he taid, " because I ntmi all night, I had a par y of rsbbltirs uriok Ingin the house.. They drank twenty-five bottles of champsgne at £1 per bottle'" K>li bits pay somebody. An unprecedented number of application for employment in tbe Government service are daily being made (s»ye the Age) to the heads of the various departments, the object of the candidates being donbtless to avoid the competitive examination which mnst be undergone when the Public Service Act comes into force, on the 1st January next. The PostmaBter-Gencral has beeu importuned to inch an extent that he desires it to be jrablicly known that, in future, no more appointments will be made in the Port Office and Telegraph Departments, excepting under the provisions contained in the Public Service Act. The charge (says the Argus) prpferred against Dr James Ponovan by the Sydney Bosvi of Health of neglecting to report tho recent cases of small-pox which he attecded, came on for hearing at tbe Water Police Court,. Fydney, on Wednesday. Dr Mac-' kellar, tbe medieal adviser of the Government, ar d other medical men, gave evidence for tbe prosecution. The defence was that tbe symptoms were not those of variola, but the benoh considered the charge proved, and fined the defendant £50. Harvesting operations in the vicinilv of Deep L*ad are now being proceeded with (says the P. C. News), but, like maDy others, the yield Is very light. "'^igles" in the A'istralasian writee:—"I have heard many caueea assigned for a disappointing mining yield, such as a lack of gold in the stone, &c.; but here is a quite novel theory of the incidence (or abseoc;) of the precious metal in a quartz reef. An inspeotor has bsen examining a certain mine whose first yield was a die appointment, and he explains things thus:—'I have no donbt that over-sanguineness on the part of the management was the cause of the poor crushing.'" A number of ship c:rpenters, who have been on strike for some months past, returned to wcrk (says the Telegraph) at the Alfred Graving Dock on Wednesday. A terrific wind storm (says tbe Age) paeaed over Geelong on Tuesday night, accompanied by rain, thunder, and lightning. The rain poured in torrents, and in a short time 100 points fell. Several paddocks of wheat hare been lain, and trees are strewn about in >11 directions. It was mentioned (remarks the Argus) t few weeks ago that hie Excellency the Governor was dieiccllned to attest the great seal of the colony to Crown grants dated before he was sworn in. The matter h&B; been fully considered by his Excellency with the Attorney-General, and the difficulty bas been overcome by altering tbe recital to the grants. His Excellenoy will therefore eigs the deeds forthwith. Tho Belgians (says tho Herald) Iuve started a Bystem^of publio telephony which promises to be an immense boon to the community. It will no doubt largely supersede tbe present practice of sending written telegrams, and save a vast deal of letter-writing as well. Telephonic communications for the nse of the public bave been established between the principal cities in Belgiam; and for the moderate fee of a franc, a man in Brussels can converse for five minutes with a friend or business correspondent in Antwerp or Liego. An extra fivepence will give bim the use of the wire for an additional fire minutes. The offices are to be kept open night and day, though after nine ia the evening tbe rates are doubled. We have received a very pretty wall almtnac lor 1SS6 from Mr T. Walker, draper, 'Bridge street. We have alto received from Messrs Brofcenahlre and Coltman, tha local agents, a wall almanac for tbe New Year, Issued by the Kew Zealand, 4c, Insurance Company. The Amlralasian SkeUhcr for the current month was delivered yesterday. It contains the nsnal number of well-chosen and well- executcd engravings, . with two very pretty supplementary pictures added. A lecture will bs delivered by Mr George Green' well in tbe DlscipWChapel, Bunloyong, this erasing, at half-past seven. The half-yearly general meeting of tbe Mineowners' Aiseclatlon of Victoria will be held In the Mechanic*' Institute' Ballsrat, next Thursday morning. tbe ISih instant, at eleven o'clock, for general business. Bntiies for the flying match In connection with the Ballarat Homing Clnb. will close on the £lst. A sneelal general meeting of the Operative Bakers' Society Trill be beld at Graham's room?. Camp street, next Satnrday evening, at seven o'clock, to confer the best means of assisting the bootmakers tu their pi esent lock-out. The monthly meeting of the Trades' Hall committee is called for this evening, at eight o'clock, 6t Graham's rooms Mr J. P. Collins, boot manufacturer, of B'Ufe street, announces eleewbere that notwithstanding tbe lock-out, he Intends to bold hi9 mnal Cbrtetmu sale of boots and ahoeR at a great discount, tfr Collins has a large-stock oa hand. 