dramatic drift. Mi?s Genevieve Ward arrived iu Calcutta ou 30th January, and gave a series of dramatics rccitul9. Air Ifollowoy and his cirapany have bean ex tremely successful in Liuncest-m .with Frank Harvey e sensation drama, Tha \Vsgo3 of Sin. Mr Stetson aesiunos tho entire exnause of producing Gilbert and Suilivati'n new opora. Tho I'riccoss, in Now York — that is to say, he furnishes the theatre ami pays fur the corn- pouy, tho orchestra scenery, c-wturaaa and advertising, and taken the first £1000 out of the receipts. The remuincicrho divides with Mr Carte, Tho f jllowing persons cmnoctod with tho stage as actors, writers, etc., havo diod in the yonr just closed Flotow, Wagner, Mario, Charles R. Thorn, jr., AIra Juduh, Walter Grisdnle, G. H. Rockwell, Arthur Matthiaon, Mrs Abbey (wife of Henry E, Abbey),. Henry S, Leigh, Mary Carr, ' Ctonrlea Backus, Torn Thumb, Obarles Woverly, Button C--»ok, J, B. Booth, John Payne Collier, Marie Wilktus, H. B. Norman, Mrs J. J. IMor, William !: call in, Mrs G. O. Bouifaco, Welsh Edwards and Charles P. Do Groor. Mr Sheridan aud his company began at the California Theatre on -Bh February, opening iu King Lear. Ho has been for some time, playing in Booth's off nights at the Star Theatre in Ni-w York. Alma Tnderna denies tha report that bo ar- ranged Mary Audewon's dross us Galatea. He wob not even present ut th<» sftifro rehearsal. She waR drspsed, he nays, from tho desigu of Frank D. Millet, tho Now York painter. Ha thinks tho impression of tho pieco more Parisian i than Athenian. This ia the Baltimore statement about Ir ving: "His success horo has iu ono ruspoct been duo to tho curiosity to see him and this was tho only reason why seats at 10? and six pence were sold without trouble. His acting was in many ways decidedly unapprocinivu and his Hamlet raised a storm of criticism about hid now faDgled idens. nnd when tbo Ghost appeared on tho stage iua green gown the audience roared at the stran<?o -ight, to the evident embarrassment of the ghost. Indi vidually, howover, Mr Irving'sttay iu Balti more wag' of tha m'>3t pleasant uature. Upon her, arrivals Miss Turry was received with open arms by society, who havo dono all in their power to make her stay agr -Gable." On the vexen question uf Mr Irving'. Ameri can tour, this is how Sir tpcl Griffin sums "Up tho result u Ellen T-.-rry's enc:es nan Vven unequivocal and complete ; while that of Irving has been as great as his best friends and admirers anticipated." Mr Irviug's greatest success was Louis XI ; Miss Terry's was Portia. 