BAPTISM OF TWO CHINESE CONVERTS. An iutereiting service was held' on Sunday even, ing iu St. John a Presbyterian Church, when two Chinese converts were received iato the church by baptism. It had been hoped that the Bev. Professor Macdouald, tbe convener of tbe Heathen Missions Committee of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, would have administered the ordinance, but his engagements elsewhere prevented his being present. The lirge church was filled by a deeply interested audience, of whom some thirty or forty were Chinese converts, these occupying the pews im. mediately to tbe front of tbe pulpit. The E=v. J. W. Ioglis preached an appropriate sermon from tbe text Mark xvi 16-"Go ye iato all the world, and preach the gospel ta every creature," duelling upon the command given, and tbe motive powe: leading to its being obeyed, viz , tbe love of Christ to hi9 people, and their love to Him. After the sermon he descended from the pulpit, taking his place on the platlorm in front of where tbe baptismal font was arranged, and, after a brief sketch of tbe work being carried on among the Ccinese in tbe colony, and especially in Baliarat, he referred more particularly to tbe case of tbe two converts thsit night to be baptised. He stated tbat they had been under the cne of Mr James Chue for sometime, who bad carefully instruciel them in the truths of the Gospel, and that he himself had examined them both as to tbeir knowledge of Di<lne truth aud their desire for baptism, the result of wbich was the service now beiog bfid. After reading the statements wblch had been prepared by the two catechumens, "in wbich tbey gave a brief sketch of tbeir history, and the circumstances under which they bad been led to adopt the Christian faith," he called upon the Chinese present, who sung one of their own hymns to; the tune of " Martyrdom." At the close of the -iyinn, Sue Lum and Lum Uu stood forward, when Mr Inglis put the following questions to them:—1. Do you, Thomas Sue Lum and David Lum Ou wish to be received into the visible church of Christ by baptism? 2. Do you renounce all your former idols, and do you promise to love and serve the living and true God only—the Father,Son, and Holy Ghost? S. Save you given your heaino Cbrist, and are you tmstisg in Him alone for salvation? 4, And do you now promise, relying upon God's premised help, to live a holy and consistent life? These questions having been trail.lated to tbem by Mr Chue, and satisfactorily answered, Mr Inglis then administered the ordinance of baptism to tbem, offering up a solemn prayer in which he commended them to the care of Almighty God, and asking for strength to be given to sustain them In the profession now made. Another Chinefe hymn hiving been sung by tbe converts present, Mr Chue addressed Thomas and David on the special duties connected with their reception into the Chsreh of Christ, and urged themto stand fast in the faith. Mr Inglis then made a short appeal for help in aid of tbe erection of a new pface of worship for the Christian vui.gtuu VIVUE3. Chinese In IU Ballarat, DVM1BI,WUC the old UIUUUG one having 1UVIUE become so dilapidated as to . be scarcely fit for use. Tbe Chinese had themselves contributed nearly £33 towards this object, and the heathen missions committee of tbe Presbyterian Church had promised £50 on condition that the balance Tequired should be raised locally, so as to open the chspel free from debt. He had already received several subscriptions, and he boned to receive more, and trusted that the service In which they had taken part wonld stimulate tbeir zeal aud liberality. He also referred to Mr Chue's labors amongst the Chinese in and around Ballarat, an^Is visits to the Hospital, Benevolent A<ylum, and the Gaol, in all ol which he showed bis earnestness and devotedneis to the cause of the Master. Heber'a grand missionary hymn, " From Greenland's icy mountains,V -was then sung with a heartiness which showed how dBeply the people had entered into the spirit of the service; and the benediction having been pronounced, tbe large congregation slowly dispersed. The collection taken spin aid of the Chinese Chapel fund amounted to i£9 30;. 