OPENING OF SALVATION ARMY BARRACKS AT NEWTOWN. Commodious barracks for the Newtown contingent of the Salvation Aims were opened on Saturday last. The build- ing is situated in Brown-street and has been erected at a cost of about £1100, including £460 which was paid for the land. The hall is 80 feet by 40 feet and 27 feet in height, is lighted by two large skylights, and has windows at both ends. It is supplied with a raised platform capable of seat- ing 250 persons and a small side gallery for the brass band. The hall could be made to accommodate about 1000 persons Staff-Captain Saunders has had the entire superinten- dence of the erection of the building, and it reflects credit upon him. At the rear are quarters in which the captain in charge will reside and there is space at the back to extend the premises, should that become necessary. Provision has also been made for the erection of a "horseshoe" gallery, should that be found desirable. Mr. Sargent, of Newtown, and Mr. W.E. Holloway, painter, have generously lent their aid in ornamenting the front of the building. Mr.Ross, honorary secretary, has been very energetic in promoting the work. Above the platform are painted the words "Repentance, Faith Holiness;" and over the centre of the platform is a coloured portrait of General Booth, the founder of the Sal- vation Army. Outside of the building there is a balcony where speakers may address gatherings of the people when- ever it is deemed desirable to do so. In connection with the opening of the barracks, a public meeting was held. The platform was crowded by officers (male and female), soldiers, hallelujah lasses (some playing tambourines), the whole being worked up to a high condition of enthusiasm "volleys" being frequently fired, and "Amens" and "Hallelujahs!" making the walls ring again. Major SUTHERLAND formally declared the barracks open. He said that building was dedicated in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, and of General William Booth, of the Salvation Army, for the salvation of souls and the glory of God. Every brick that had been laid, and every nail that had been driven were consecrated to God's services. The work accomplished by the army was that which none of the sects had even attempted. Mr. N. Melville, MLA, on taking the chair, was warmly applauded. He referred to the early days of the Army in Newtown. The few have multiplied and had be- come a thousand. The Army had accomplished what other organisations had failed to do; they had taken the Scrip- tures to the fallen, and had been the means of raising them up. Looking around that platform, he could see some of those who had been rescued, and were now fit to associate with. He cared not by what means the good was done; if the Army and its leaders realised that a certain course was their duty, it would receive his adhesion. To the credit of the Newtown Borough Council be it said that the Salvation Army and its band had been allowed to parade in its streets without hindrance. The people had declared that the glorious liberty of Englishmen, which had been purchased so dearly by their fore- fathers should be fully exercised and enjoyed by their friends of the Salvation Army here in New South Wales. (Cheers.) The Army did not hunt for popularity. That fine building had been raised -- and would be paid for -- mainly by the contributions of working men. The slumbering churches would do well to learn a lesson of per- severing energy and love of souls from the Army. Mr. Ross, honorary secretary, then read the balance- sheet, showing that £273 had been collected for the build- ing, £184 given in donations, there was still £270 due on the land, and £708 to Mr. Olliver, the treasurer. The ex- penditure on land, buildings, fittings, &c;, was nominally about £1435. A considerable time was then taken up by making the ordinary collection, and afterwards in making a special col- lection to reduce the debt on the building. Eventually the chairman announced that £100 sterling had been either paid or promised. Captain SAUNDERS, Captain CANTY (of Goulburn), and Mr F.K. OLIVER having given short addresses, The Rev. Mr. TAYLOR, of the Glebe, who was cordially invited to come on the platform and speak, expressed his own hearty sympathy with the Salvation Army and its work. He cared not who worked, or how it was done, so long as souls were saved. (Cheers.) He had long ago buried "etiquette." It was not to be thought of when souls were in danger of perishing for all eternity. There was so much evil and sin in Sydney -- and indeed every- where -- that they must get at it and grapple with it any way they could. True, the army made more noise than some other good people but that was because they had more lung-power (Cheers and laughter.) The churches, and the ministers -- at least many of them -- prayed God to bless the Salvation Army. He did so in his church. There was room enough in this world for all to work for the Master. So let them toil and fight "shoulder to shoulder" and "heart to heart. " Mr. J.J. WILLIAMS congratulated the Newtown corps and the friends upon possessing so handsome and commo- dious a barracks. The proceedings were closed with the benediction. 