The Desperado and the Puritan. ABOUT the year 1851 the most influential man in San Antonia was an alleged desperado named Bob Augustine. Bob came to San Antonio with a fearful record. He enjoyed the reputation of. having killed a dozen or so of men, and was respected accordingly. While he was in San Antonia he did not reduce the census at all, but that was not his fault. He had a seductive way of drawing his eighteen-inch Arkansas toothpioh and examining it oritically with a sinister smile while humbly requesting the temporary loan of $5. Thus WBB it that Bob went about acquiring wealth and warm personal friends, but creating no funerals. There were rumors that Bob was playing bluff, but that was after he had marched away. It was during the reign of Bob Augustine, - " the long-range roarer of Calaveras Canyon," as he familiarly called himself, that a young man from Boston, named John Winthrop, came to San Antonio, presumably in search of health, as he brought very little with him. He was far gone in consumption, and nothing but the fact that he had but a short time, to live, unless the climate of western Texas saved him, induced him to come to San Antonio. As everybody carried a pistol, Winthrop did not care to insult public decency by going unarmed. Besides, euch a course might as seriously interfere with his restoration to health as putting on a clean shirt. His Puritan training caused him to revolt at the idea of carrying firearms, so he resorted to artifice. He wore a holster, but, instead of keeping a pistol in it, he had his cash funds stored away in it, and nobody was the wiser for it. On the contrary, Winthrop was looked up to by the best citizens just the same as if he was loaded down with deadly weapons. Of course, everybody tried to make the stranger from Massachusetts feel as comfortable as if he was at home ; so he was told all about Bob Augustine, the longranged roarer, at least ten times a day, and he was advised not to be particular in asking security for the debt incase the roarer wanted to borrow a small loan, unless he (Winthrop) did not wiBh to regain his health. The long-ranged roarer sauntered into Winthrop's room at the hotel, but before the desperado could open his mouth or draw a weapon the unfortunate Yankee threw back his coat, and with trembling fingers tugged at his pistol holster to get at his money to appease the would-be assassin. On the other hand, as soon as the roarer saw Winthrop trying to get out his pistol he turned as pale aa a. ghost. The alleged desperado's knees knocked together, the cold sweat boiled out all over him, and he extended his hand and said tremblingly: "Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee. I was only trying to fool you. My bold Arkansas heart beats for you, my boy. I jest wanted to teach you a lesson. Never let any durned galoot get the drop on you. If anybody insults you just tell them that Bob Augustine, the roarer, is your friend." Winthrop, who was more scared, if possible, than the roarer, replied : " Oh, I'll give you what you want," and kept on tugging at the holster, which came unbuckled. With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through the window, carrying off the sash, and ran down Commodore street, the principal thoroughfare, with the sash on his neck, howling, " Police ! police ! " closely pursued by Winthrop, who kept on tugging at his holster, trying to get out his money, he believing that the desperado was running to his room to procure a shot-gun with which to commit murder. All that afternoon Winthrop kept on hunting the roarer, to* purchase peace on any terms, and the roarer hid himself to avoid the pistol of the Boston man. Next morning the long-ranged roarer of the Calaveras canyon was missing, and Winthrop was the lion of the day fqj having run off the terror of the Alamo City. 