An Extraordinary Story The'' ponuahinan " hasreceivedfrom aooraeepondenta narrative of a murder alleged to have* been committed in the locality, Che narrator professing to have remained silent tinder a fearful oath imposed on him at the time of the perpetration of the deed some. fifty, years since. The writer, irho signs himself *• G. H. 0.," and writes from Penzance, declares himself willing .to indicate the spot where the body of the murdered man was buried. The story is follows:— " AB I remember but too well, spite of the long.interval of fifty years which an effort of the mind contracts to n singly 4ay. it waq ofrJMonday, the 15th of Septmbei^. ,I?S4, r ; that ton my first visit to Penzafice I'WM 'staying at the same hotel as the one in whi5i I am i^i^M^tajg j&M.; awful but strictly true account. A fnend of mine, whom I had known in_ London, was at that tame living et St. Just, aS he and his ancestors - had all their days. I had faithfully promised to pay him a visit if l ever took the then tedious coach journey into Cornwall. Before I com mehce l mufit infomi you that l was a total abstainer before that term was so •widely known as now. To teetotalism I attribute my length of days and dear mind. In 1834, as now, no -alcohol disturbed my brain. My stray is not an illusion influenced by Strong drink. Let me also premise that I was then the 'trororin a firm of which I am now the i iead. Questions connected with the tin trade had arisen, .more particularly in connection with my firm's fast devel ing business with the United States. 1834, as well as my memory serves me, ill ingots—' blocks' I found they called them at the Ghyandour Smelting House—bars, pigs, or plates of tin or tinfoil were admitted by the Americans ' free of doty on all manufactures of tin, or of which tin wks a component material - Our 'cute' Yankee cousins got out of us, as they do in effect now, 25 per cent My "firm had settled with the American Customs officials as to the definition of the term ' of which tin is a component material, and if w^ . conld . inkkeb certain Arrangement with the smelters it was thought that we jnight 4o our New York pitrons of tin and ourselves a good-turn. But such an arrangement required an interview, discussion of terms,'etc., and I was entrusted with the rather delicate negotiation: On the -evening of 8atuMay, September 13th, I left the Bull and Ifcrath, Tiondon, and afteir travelling over Bagfshot-heatii to Salisbury, 84 aniles which was reached at daybreak, I got to Exeter between four and five in \- the afternoon of Sunday, and after a brief est coached it ' on to Penzance, which'I 'fir8t : sa.% abont eleven On the Monday morning, 300 miles in 35 hoars. " After a. wash and refreshment saw the respected heads of the firm had to treat with.. My business with Ihem wu soon settled to our mutual satisfaction. What might have occupied days did not consume many minutes. After a~look at the smelting process and the town, quay, and seaside green, tempted by a lovely night, I was off on .foot towake upjmy friend.- The sight was one of'the most:beautiful of lovely autumn nights. The stars wtire ahininglikediamondsinthesky. Scarcely a, breath of air w&fi; felt until I had risen to the.high ground beyond Tom Tre- -vail'e shop, ^here wereasinitheiy and honsea there then, . but no turnpike gate." AQ lhe wide stretch of lantt by Beggar the Boys was scarcely fanned by the gentle, breara. A twinkling light" here and there in some lone farm-house •wis the only sight, the : cbanfee ; and d distant bark of & watchful dog, or the nearer-low from the ^gearing heid, the t «nly'souhd to jprpve' that' Iwaa qot in ud an nninhabited tract of counfary. At Newbridge the pnblio-house was dosed, and most of the houses were in dark neoB. Beyondj again, Everything was AS quiet as if nature soundly, dept. disance, and wjasiiow enjoying the walk and the beauty' of the night, and thinking of the friend whoserestl should soon be disturbing, when I was met by two men who aooosted-^me <with the cufitom^ry Cornish greeting, 'Good itfgfct* which' I heartily returned, After l had * passed / theUv a few yards xnyquickeara heard ope say, 'X-think \- that's him,' and the other answer, 'No, I'm sure it's not.' On- hearing those words I looked back, when I saw them turn and - come towards me. I also turned and faced &em.; ! I had then, I have now,. speaking generally, an eptire trott'io the Oarnlsn character for honesty and kindness to strangers.' The thi>u£ht; flashed upon tne that they ooWltellme of-my St. Just friend, And -with thu'titppermbst .in .my . ttlnd I approached them tmetfufly. They came quite dose, .and-after scrutinising me a minute, one said, 'All right, master. We, took you to be another person. Good night again. I turned once more,' and- proceeded on' z&y; journey.- I had readied about, the the plaoe left, 'where when the I met chapd, another now stands, main, who on appeared of a more respectable sphere in life than the two I had previously spoken to. He was about my own eight, 5ft 9in. grey whiskers, black coat and vest, an< a li^ht ^ trousers. Hfe) 1 lso accosted me with ' Good night,' which I returned. rt A 'very canons feeling now caine over me, a kind of tremor, as if something terrible was about to happen. "I know that this is laughed -at by those who do not believe in presentiment, or ho have never travelled a strange road at night. To this audden motion succeeded calmer thought, and then in a moment it struck me that the two men I first met were on the look out for die gentleman, who at first sight looked not unlike myself, and that for no good purpose. I hailed him. Each turned and met, and I' told him of mv suspicions ; bnt he assured me laughingly that my doubts were wholly unfounded; He informed me that he was the captain of a mine in the district, andhe did not think he had the ill-will of anyone in it. Miners,' he said, ' were often moving about. We conversed for a short time, but long enough for Lim to tell me that my friend was well and he believed at home. His voice was cheery, his manner heartily blunt. We took farewell of each other for the first and last time. " I again went on my journey, but only a couple of hundred yards, when the same nervous tremor seized me, and my legs became as weak as if they were paralysed. I felt that I could go no further. Each limb shook, and ration oozed from every pore, not collect my thoughia so as to -pull myssly together, andinflneice the'body through the mind. Perhaps I ought to explain that I had been subject occasionally to something of this sudden weakness before, but never until after a severe mental Bhock on finding a relative dead in bed. I fell in the middle of the road, even as I did so blaming my own weakness. But thought it better not to stay there, so dragged myself on hands and -knees across the dusty road. I scrambled uj a small bank or mound, and foun myself on a common which appeared fc be many acres in extent. With , a little more exertion I managed to pull myself in, so as to be 40 or 50 yarns from the road A word or two as to my exact position. I was on the right hand side of the road from Penzance to St Just I had tremblingly, and with an oc casionsl effort to rue, dragged myself: over now a levd bit of sward, then a" slight depression, to a heather-covered strip between two dumps of furze. I threw myself at length on this natural and welcome couch, and dosed my eyes. The coolness and the rest brought calm to the brain, and restored some firmness to the limbs. I had lain thus about five minutes. Each , moment the cool dew- laden air reinvigorated me; I felt refreshed, and opened my eyes, The moon, J ought to have said,- was within two clays of full. It had risen at six, had shed its glorious light" on the late harvesters, and was noy. setting. As this wfrlld take place 'abput a quarter after two the light was waning, but it was vet strong, and lit up fresh e&rth; thrown up'just the other side of the duster of ftu-za nearest"St.-J«iBt.- I lay on my right side. There was a slight rift in the furze, and the moon lit up this newly made mound, which was now dearly seen—indeed, literally stared me in the face. A. new dread and another tremor-came over me. Everything was as still as a" grave, when a gun or pistol shot rang through the air, quickly succeeded by a seoond. Once more the tremor, the profuse perspiration, an agony of fear.'and weakness. I crouched closer to the heather and waited but a short time, for soon I heard the tramp of feet and the^sound of voices coming my way. Nearer and nearer they oame across muoh the same ground as I had wearily pulled myself over only a short thge before, only they had entered oh the croft, nearer New Bridge than l had.' Yes, over the common they were 'oomiiig-^-twc men bearing* burden. Oncemore athrill of honor ran thronghme, Jor I saw by bending the' hetidl jtorWard on the heather withont raising it the same two men I first met, : carrying'the lifeless body of the third man—£he captain. On they cune towards the newly-made grave, ahnoet touohtng my feet as they mored paBt. Then they turned to the right and threw the body into the pit with a thud that made every fibre in my body vibrate. " The corpse in the grave, the two men began to fill it up. Doing that isdosed me. The^.had not lowered the mound many inches when one of hem discovered tne. They pounced pon me, and demanded what I was oing there. I explained, but all to no purpfte. 'The same pit will do for nim.' Yes' shoot him? No; cut his throat* Stop; ril load my pistol again.' 'Don't leave any marks pf blood wout' 'Push him in uiepit first, and eutfais throat , afterwards? These were the horrible threats accompanied by frightful imprecatumsj ; which -greeted me. Said one of the men tq me at la^t, ' We have decided tojbuiy you alive. . S" off your dothes.! It's hardly WOL while burjing that good suit of yours. It will do for ohe of us? j[ pleaded my youth, my aocidental and unpremeditated presence, my wife and only child. This, at last, seemed to touch the hearts of the brutes. : Well said one, * we will spare your life on condition tliat-you swear, as you hope for Heaven ana; .the salvation of your wife, child, .and ' friends—you shall swear it, too, on the point of this knife and the' muzzle of this pistolthat what you have seen this night you will never speak of or divulge to any human being for a space of fifty years from this day, when we shall all be as this,' at the same time kicking into the grave a clod of light-coloured clayey soU. Need I aay that! was only too ready to promise. I did swear most solemnly. I bought my life on that lonely heath of West Penwith—* coward like/some will say—' unavoidably,' I thoughtthen. Ihavekept mypromise. It is a little over fifty years ago. I was then 26 years of age, so you see I am -old Ma ow; .ThxBe xnen om45"tosO,atthaf i they are dead"long since. " When X reached my Mend's houw at St JUBV and knocked' him up. |ie. raUied me on my ghost-like appearance*. Not even his cordial reception, his hospitality, the kindliness of his Cornish wife and their farming Mends at Sennen, the excursions to the grand cliffs and interestingminee, the jokes, the bracing air, the well-spread board, could restore my spirits, or give renewed bodily tone. The time came for,leaving. My friend's horse awaited, me; he had a borrowed one. mail" ooach for .London was to leave Penzance at halfept 22\. : I had yet some business in st two on the afternoon of Monday, Penzance, so we were up andbreakfasted before daybreak; but as we approached the fatal, the hideous 'spot, it was good that my friend joked and laughed. But now, having gazed at silent me, he suddenly .exclaimed, 'Why, George, you look as scared as if you had seen a ghost* No ghost was before me, but again I saw with the mind's eye as vividly as I ha^ beheld it actually the mound, the human burden, the savage eyes of the murderers. By a vigorous mental effort I reoovcred myself and said something about liability to spasm of her heart A beautiful Seabreeze was blowing over the Atlantic from the west. We had Teached that part of the road where I met the -Captain, then healthy and jolly, now cold and silent in his rude grave. All at once I reined up my. horfce, turned him round, and 'said, * In another forty hours, Stephen, I shall have changed this healthful breeze for the murky air of London. Let us ride bade a couple of hundred yards, and have one more lungful of this glorious air.' He laughed merrily. We turned and rode back. "Daylight only confirmed the too vivid mental impress of the moonlight of the 15th. I could trace my every movement—The spot where the presentiment unnerved me, the break in the low earth-hedge where I had crawled to the croft, my scrambling devious course on hands and knees, and, from the elevation of the horse's back, the veiy dumps of .mingled furze and heather dose to which I knew must be thetell- tele mound, unless the murderers had turfed it over, of the still corpse of the once strong and cheerful captain. I darbd not abk if any one was missing. I hadnotheard that any well-known mine agent was missed. Foryearslreceivedin town a Truro paper and carefolly read it; but I saw nothing of a lost man or. of suspidous circumstances away in the distant land's End district " I said ' Good-bye' to my 8t Just Mend outside the hotel from which I now write you. I have never seen him since, though we have often communicated. He is dead, and his decendants of several generations are found in his stead. I too have my grandchildren and great grandchildren. 'he gloom of the evening had settled down on our coach ere we left Truro. We reached Exeter at ten next morning, -where breakfast awaited us, but I haft'no appetite. At seven on Wednesday moring our ooach was at the Bull and Mouth, and in another hour 1 was at hojne. My wife was shocked at the wear and tear of the long coach ride, as she put it. nervouB ^nd dispirited, beset with anjieties as to the oath and whether it ought to be kept, wias soon absorbed in business. It was only at times, especially, in thewakeful minutes of the night, that I saw again the dreadful scene by the St. Just roadside Commerce, family affairs, even my business successes gradually weakened the bad impression and restored me to a >ur .which has brought me to hale age. .1884 and the month of September were "always looked forward to by me; I hiad not been in Cornwall for half a century. ^Cowards noon Saturday* - September 14, I, took the express from Paddington, reaching Pencanoe at nine thesatne evening. What a contrast between -that journey and mine in 1834, which lasted from eight in the evening to eleven on the. morning of the Beoond day. After a quiet Sunday morning in Penzance X carried otttmy resolve to proceed on foot/aged as I am, over the ground, and to the spot with which I am thus so mysteriously connected. What thoughts passed through^ my mind as I traversed once more the road—in the main the same and alike, yet in many .features altered. Beyond New Bridge, with the exception with a few additional buildings, and some leveUing:Of the hill, the track was much the same as in 1834. It;was not my years, it.must have been the. vivid remembrance of the events ofhalf aoen- ture that fiet my heart beating, my knees jtremblihg, and reproduce much of the horrible tremor of long past days, as I approached^ .the fatal spot The road seemed entirely unaltered. I solemnly believe that I crept through the very \- in the 16wheoge__of earth which ly protects: the croft, that , stood between the self-same dusters of. fuze which forined my hied—very nearly my bed of death—and peephole as the murderers hid the result of their accursed crime, and thatl knelt on the undisturbed grave where their victim's bones are now mere duBt. After half a century I knelt agaiin, not to implore mercy of man,- as I did then, but of God, lest unwittingly I had sinned in keeping an iBxtqrted pledge, and to save myself from harm had reluctantly shielded heinous criminals* I knelt, too, to thank God for having spared my life land blest me with abundance in gold, in loving relatives, in. health, and I knelt, praying that in the time so soon to come, on the day- which cannot be so far off when this mystery shall be unravelled, I may find two truly repentant sinners side by side with, the man they so grievously wronged, and may myself partake ofthe mercy vouchsafed to them. Humbled, but comforted, I passed on to St. Just, and had to pause for a while at the grave of my honoured Mend. That evening I drove back to Penzance, and havesincebeea daily amongst you. My tale, each word of which is true, { jjjjctw i i n o r n S labourers between Jfenzance and St. Just i il"' have, iougiA out the oldest ^miners I ^m fii^d in th^ hotel bare'of thetwo townflj harbour of the one sad In the farmsteads of the' other. € have asked a hundred tithes, indirectly at first, 2or the jiast week more directly, whether any mine captain, sub-agent, ox indeed aay one was missed In the Autumn of 1884r I find no due, ho trace, no tra&ition.; dually at fault am I in discovering any rumour of death-bed confessions. Here is the mystery. My words can be oonfirmed even now by a careful search of the grave, and if the mouldering boneB Siere would give a club, and Wat due would do any service to lone- deferred justice, my unSealed lips would indicate, aye, my aged limbs lead to the very spot As a last resource I write my sad experience to see if that evokes aught. If not, the mystery of half a century since will never be made dear on this earth." T , , .- . 