T l t l i UIXKI2CT STEAM m v i c K . [L aUNCESTOK “ E xAMIKEB."] The correspondence in tbe matter of the direct steam service presented to bold Houses of Parliament by His H«cllency’s command bas been issued uy the Government Printer, and covers no less than 32 pages of valuable paper. Assuming members of tbe Legislature to be men of ordinary business capacity, is there no method by which such documents could be carefully read by all concerned. ' and an honest summary, or, say such portions only as hear on the precise issue, .could be printed for future reference^ Some hundreds of pounds every year must be positively squandered away m tbe ordinary course of official routine, and it does appear most desirable that tbe Printing Committee of both Houses should come to an understanding, with a view of keeping in some sort of dices the publication of papers tbc greater portion of wliicb have little, if anything, of a permanent character to redeem them from oblivion. In the course of the preliminary canter of the season, the steam service came in for a fair amount of attention, and Ministers were twitted on the use ot tbc expression "Ho binding contract. Mr Alfred Hobson and Mr Adye Douglas icon tended that, if a contract at all, it .was binding, and if not ^binding, there was no contract. Tile Premier contented himself by replying that the members of tbe Cabinet were not all lawyers, which was of course a very easy way out of an apparent difficulty. With tbc almost unnecessary assurance that journalists are not connected with that urofcssioual body so pleasantly styled by George IV. “ The Devil's Own," it mav be suggested that tbe contention of Messrs Dobson and Douglas is not nearly so clear as it looks. For instance, it is not impossible to assume a contract it which a careless party bas bound bun self, without securing equal power over die oilier parties to tbe engagement, is neither assumed nor asserted that tbc Administration lias fallen into such perplexity, hut the bare possibility of contract binding on one side without covering the other should have been sufficient to have saved Messrs McGregor, Picsse, and Co. from the criticism winch has been so lavishly directed against them. One thing is clear enough, that bad there been a ghost of a chance of holding Mr McGregor to tbc supposed proposa , his scat would have been declared vacant amidst merry peals of laughter and ap­ plause. Fortunately the scheme failed tbe colony is not considered ready fort direct steam service, and it would be well for both sides to allow a hasty arrangernent to pass into the land of forfifUuL ness. Distance from the south enables the north to he more calm nnd impartial on questions of this character, nnd the only chance of loss of temper arises from tbe waste of pnpor nnd money employed in recording; the joys and sorrows of an unnecessary transaction. Perhaps it would be more respectful to remark that the affair is as good ns a play. Before rending the first letter the reader would do well to peruse any copy of the Sydney Herahl he may hare at hand. He will lind that there arc Orient boats and Orient boats; he will find tbc fast vessels of a magnificent serrice, and the wretched old tubs known as cargo and immigrant steamers. Now let the reader turn to this precious correspondence and ask himself one question—When M r James Macfarlai c and Mr Yuill, the agent of tbe Orient Company, first approached the Government, was the distinction clearly understood between the cargo and tbc ordinnry passenger vessels i Without tbe information gamed by intercolonial reading, arc colonists generally aware of the distinctioni This correspondence between Messrs Macfarlane and tke Government, including draft memo, of proposed contract, is continued to close of page 10, at which point tbe proposals are with­ drawn on the ground of want of sutlicient number of boats. In tbe south tbc fashion lias been to abuse Messrs McGregor, Picsse, and Co., for failure of contract. Surely previous negotiations form an important factor in any conclusion wliicb may be reached u)ion the subject. Clearly, so far, the cargo boats, and not the first-class vessels of the Orient line, were designed for the service of this colony. The correspondence between McGregor, Picsse, and Co. and the Government opens with the simple announcement of a proposed direct lino from London ; letters covering memos, from M'Caul and Co. follow, and a comparison of dates shows that up to tbe 29th January last, Ministers were considering applications from the local representatives of two London firms. On that date, the Orient having retired, M r Giblin asked Mr M'Grrgor's firm to obtain “ concurrence of their London correspond ents.” On tbc -Iill February, acting on cable message, the local firm expressed willingness to accept draft contract on behalf of M'Caul and Co. and the Orient Steam Navigation Company. Tbe draft contract was prepared, and Messrs Gill and Ball informed tbc Government that it did not agree with the correspondence. and finally tbe affair lapses. So far ns the correspondence is concerned, M'Grcgor, Picsse; and Co. appear as agents, and not as principals, from first to last. Against this it is urged that tbc lirm addressed letters to tbc Press, stating willingness to perform a certain work. Tbe question for mercantile men to answer is th is :— 111 dealing witii customers do (bey as a rule reveal their relations to their principals, or do they speak and act in their own names ? Was there so much as an error of judgment in their Press correspondence, in writing of the proposal of certain London firms os their own proposal? The correspondence with the Government discloses the real men and clearly exonerates the local firm. The correspondence with the Press deals with the work of the principals iu the name of the local house, and appears to fall in with the crdinary aud accepted lines of trade. A question of commercial morality has been raised iu the objections which have been taken to tbc position of M'Grcgor, Picsse, and Co., and common honesty compels tbe statement that they come out of tbc ordeal without so much as a stain upon their reputation. Ministers have bod time to blow oil steam, and the colony is saved from a 