CHAPTER XLI. SEVEBED. Sir Tom returned later, so much later than he intended, that he went home with such a senBe of compunction as had not visited him since the days when the alarm of being caught was a part of the pleasure. He had no fear of a lecture from Lucy, whose gifts were not of that kind; but he was partially conscious of having neglected her on her first night in town, as well as having sinned against her in matters more serious. And he did not know how to explain his detention at the Contessa's new house, or the matters which he had been discussing there. It was a sensible relief to him not to find her in any of the sitting rooms, all dark and closed up except his own room, in which there was no trace of her. She had gone to bed, which was so sensible, like Lucy's unexaggerated natural good sense, he said to himself; though at the same time a wondering question with himself whether she felt at all, passed through his mind; a reflection full of mingled^disappointment and satisfaction. But when a full hour after his return, after a period of smoke and _ reflection, he went leisurely upstairs, expecting to find her peacefully asleep, and found her not, nor any evidence that she had ever been there, a great wave of alarm passed over the mind of Sir Tom. He paused confounded, looking at her vacant place, startled beyond expression. " Lucy!" he cried, looking in his dismay into every corner, into his own dressing-room, and even into the large wardrobe where her dress hung, like shells and husks which she had laid aside. And then he made an agitated pause, standing in the middle of the room, not knowing what to think. It was by this time about 2 in the morning, the middle of the night, according to Lucy. Where could she nave gone? Then he bethought himself with an immediate relief which was soon replaced by poignant anxiety, of the only possible reason for her absence—a reason which would explain everything—little Tom. When this thought occurred to him, all the excitement that had been in Sir Tom's mind disappeared in a . his'mother watching most sacred group on earth to him, who, whatever his faults might be, loved them both dearly. He took a candle in his hand, and stepping lightly, went up the stairs to the nursery door. There was no sound of wailing within, no little cry to tell the tale- all was still and dark. He tried the door softly, but it would not open. Then another terror awoke, and for a moiucut took his breath from him. What had happened to the child ? Sir Tom suffered enough at that moment to have expiated many sius. There came before him a vision of the child extended motionless upon his bed, and his mother by him refusing to be comforted. What could it mean ? The closed door looked as if hope had departed. He knocked softly yet imperatively, divided between the horror of these thoughts and the gentle every:day sentiment which forbade any noise at little Tom's door. It was some time before he got any reply, time which seemed to him interminable. Then he suddenly heard Lucy's voice close to the door whispering. There had been no sonnd of any footsteps. Had she been there all the time, listeniug to all his appeals and taking no,notice ? "Open the door," he said anxiously. " Speak to me. \ • hat is the niiuter ? Is he ill? Have you sent for the doctor ? Let me in " "We are all shut up and .settled for the night," said Lucy, through the door. " Shut up for the night ? He has been very ill" Sir Tem^eried. . " Oh. hush, you will wake him; no, not very ill, but I am going to stay with him," eaid the voice inside with a quiver in it, "Lucy, what does this mean? You are concealing something from me. Have you had the doctor ? Good God, tell me ! W hat is the matter ? Can't I see my boy ? " There is nothing—nothing to be alarmed about," said Lucy from within. "He la asleep, he is—doing well Oh, go to bed ana don't mind us. I am going to stay with, him." " Don't mind you ! that is so easy," be cried, with a broken laugh ; then the silence striking to his heart, he cried out, " Is the child" But Sir Tom could not say the word. He shivered standing outside the closed door. The mystery seemed incomprehensible save on the score of some grealr calamity; the bitterness of death went over him. But then he asked himself what reason couldthere be to conceal from him any terrible sudden blow ? Lucy would have wanted him in such a case, not kept him from her. In this dread moment of sudden panic he thought of everything but the real cause which made a more effectual barrier between them than that closed door. " He is well enough now," said Lucy'3 voice, coming faintly out of the darkness. "Oh, indeed, there is nothing the matter. Please go -away; go to bed. It is so^ late. I am going to stay with him." " Lucy," said. Sir Tom, " I have never been shutout before. There is something you are concealing from, me. Let me see him and then yoa shall do as you please." There was a little pause, and then slowly, reluctantly, Lucy opened the door. She was still fully dressed, as she had been for dinner,' There was not a particle of colo-ar in her" face. Her eyes had a sacred look, and were fcurrounded by wide circles as if the orbit had been hollowed out. She stood aside to let him pass without a word. The room in; which little Tom slept was an inner room. There was scarcely any light in either; nothing but the faint glimmer of the nigbt lamp. The sleeping room was hushed and full of the most tranquil quiet, just touched by the regular soft breathing of the sleeping, child in his little bed, and of his nurse by him, who was as completely unaware aa he of any intrusion. Sir Tom stole in and looked at his boy, in the pretty baby attitude of perfect repose, his little arms thrown up over his head. The anxiety vanished from his heart, but not the troubled sense of something wrong—a mystery which altogether baffled him. Mystery had no place here in this little sanctuary of innocence. But what did it mean ? He stole out again to where Lucy stood, scared and silent, in her white dress, with a jewelled pendant at her neck, which gleamed strangely in the half light. " He seems quite well now. What was it ? and why are you so anxious?" be asked. " Did the doctor" ? "There was no need for a doctor. It is only—myself. I must stay with him, he might want me" And nobody else does —Lucy was about to say, but pride and. modesty restrained her. Her husband looked at her earnestly. He perceived with a curious pang of astonishment that she drew away from him, standing as far off as the limited, space permitted, and avoiding his eye. " I don't understand it," he said, " there is something underneath; either he has been more ill than you will let me know, or there is something else" She gave him no answering look, made no wondering exclamation, " What could there be else ?" as he had hoped; but replied hurriedly, as she had done before, " I want to stay with him. I must stay with him—for to-night" It was with the most extraordinary-sense of some change which he could not fathom, or divine that Sir Tom consented at last to leave his wife in tbe child's room and go to his own. What did it mean? What had happened to him or was about to happen 2 He could not explain ta himself the aspect of the slight little youthful figure in her airy white dress, with the diamonds still at' her' throat, careless of the hour and time, standing there in the middle of the night, shrinking away from him, forlorn and wakeful, with her scared eyes. At this hour on ordinary occasions Lucy was fast asleep. Whea- she went to see her boy, if society had kept her up late, it was in the ease of a dressinggown, not with any cold glitter of ornaments. And to see her shrink and draw herself away in that strange repugnance from his touch and shadow confounded him. He was not angry, as he might have been in another' case, but pitiful to the bottom of his heart. What could have come to Lucy ? Half a dozen times he turned back on his way to his room. What meaning could she have in it ? What could have happened to her? Her manifest shrinking from him had startled him beyond measure; her terrified looks when he spoke filled his mind with confusion. Bnt controversy of any kind in the child's room at the risk of waking him in the middle of the night was impossible, and no doubt, he tried to say to himself,' it must be some panic she had taken, some dread intensified, by fancy— something which she did not wisk to explain to him till the morning ii-*ht had restored her confidence. Women were so he had often beard; and the women he had known in his youth had certainly been so— unreasoning creatures, subject to their imagination, taking fright where no occasion for fright was, incapable of explaining. Lucy had never been like this, but yet Lucy, though sensible, was a woman too ; and if it is not permitted to a woman to take an unreasoning panic about her only child, she must be among hard judges indeed. Sir Tom was not a hard judge. When he got over the painful^ sense that there must be something more in this than met the eye, he was half glad to find that Lucy was like other women —a dear little fool, not always sensible. He thought almost tne better of her for it, he said to himself. She would laugh at her panic, whatever it was, when little Tom woke up fresh and fair in the morning light. With this idea he satisfied himself as well as he could. _ The situation was strange, unprecedented in his experience, but he had manysubjects of thought on his own part whicn returned to his mind as the surprise of the moment calmed down. He had a great deal to think about. Old difficulties which seemed to have passed away for long years were nowcoming back again to embarrass and confuse him. "Our pleasant vices are made the whips to scourge us," he said to himself. The past had come back to him like the opening of a book, no longer merely frivolons and amusing, as in the Contessa's talk, touched with all manner of light emotions, but bitter, with tragedy in it, and death and desolation. Death and life. He haJ heard of the dead who were alive again, and of the living whose existence could scarcely be explained to the world. His mind had been full and troubled enough when he returned to the still house, ana realized with compunction how many taoughts which he could not share with her he was bringing back to Lucy's lide. He cculd not trust them to her, or confide in her, and secure her help, as in most other circumstances he would have done without hesitation. But how could he do that now ?—not because she was his wife, but because she was so young, so innocent, so unaware of the complications of existence. How could she understand the temptations that assail a young man in the heyday of life, to whom many indulgences were permissible or venial, which to her limited and innocent aoul would seem unpardonable sins? To live even for a few years with a stainless creature like Lucy, in whom there was not even so much knowledge as would make the approaches of vice comprehensible, is a new kind of education to the most experienced of men. He had not believed it to be possible to be BO altogether ignorant of evil as he had found her—and how could he explain to her and gain her indulgent consideration of the circumstances which had led him into what in her vocabulary would be branded with the name of vice? Sir Tom even now did not feel it to be vice. It Was unfortunate that it bad so happened. He had been a fool. It was almost inconceivable to him now, how for the indulgence of a momentary p'assion he could have placed himself in a position that might one day be 60 embarrassing and disagreeable. He had not bebavjd ill at the moment, it was the woman who had behaved ill. But how in the name of wonder to explain all this to Lucy. Lucy, whe was not conscious of any reason why a man's code of morals should be different from that of a woman! When Sir Tom returned to this painful and difficult subject, the immediate question as to Lucy's strange conduct died fiom his mind. It became more easy, by dint of repeating it, to believe that a mere; unreasonable panic about little Tom was the cause of her withdrawal. It was foolish, bat & loving aud lovely foolishness which a mau might do uiore than forgive, whish he might •adore and smile at as men lov-e to do, feeling that for a woman to be thus silly is desirable, a counterpoise to the selfishness and want of ' feeling which are common in the world. But how to make this spotless creature understand that a man might slip aside and yet not Ijea diss; lute man; that he might be betrayed into ccrtaia proceedings which would not perhaps b< ar the inspection of severe judges and vet !;e neither vicious nor heartless' This problem, after he had considered it in • every possible way, Sir Tom finally gave up with a sort of despair. He must keep his Fccret within his own bosom. He must coutrive some means of doing what was now clearly a duty without exciting any suspicion -wi Lucy s part. That, he thought with a cemj.unction,:would be easy enoug.i. There was no ca>e whom it would cost less trouble TO deceive. With these'thoughts ha went to sleep in the room which so.uehow seemed Strangely Irnely without her. Perhaps, however, it was not ungrateful to hiin to be alone, "to think all those thoughts without the additional sense of treachery which must have ensued bad he thought them in her presence. There was no treachery. He had been all along, he thought to himself, a man somewhat sinned against in the matter. To bs sure it was wrong—according to all rules of morals it was necessary to admit that; but not more wrong, not so much wrong, as most Other men had been. And, granting the impropriety of that first step, he had nothing to reproach himself with afterwards. In all other respects he knew he had behaved both liberally and honourably, only he had been deceived. But how—how—good heavens !— -explain this to Lucy ? In the silence of her room, where she was not, he actually laughed ont to himself at the thought; laughed with a sense of an imjjossibility beyond all laws or powers of reasoning. What miracle would make her understand? It would be easier to move the solid earth than to make her understand. But it was altogether a very strange night; such a night as never had been passed in tha*- house before ; and fearful things were about in the darkness, ill dreams, strange shadows of trouble. When Sir Tom woke in the morning and found no sign that his wife had keen in the room or any trace of her, it roused cnce more a painful apprehension in bis mind. He hurried, half-dressed, to the nursery to ask for news of the child, but was met by the nurse with the most cheerful countenance, with little Tom holding by her skirts in high spirits and fuJl of babble and glee. "He has had a good night, then,' his father cried, relieved, lifting the little fellow to his shou'der. "An excellent night, Sir Thomas," the woman said, " and not a bit tired with his journey; and so pleased to see all the carriages and the folks passing." Sir Tom put the boy down with a cloud upon his face. "What was the cause then of Lady Randolph's anxiety last right ?" he said. " Anxiety, Sir Thomas ! Oh no, her ladyship was quite pleased. She do always say he is a regular little town bird, and always better in London. And so she said when I was putting of him to sleep. And he never stirred, r.ot from the moment when he went off till C o'clock this morning, the darling. I do think now, Sir Thomas, as we may hope he's taken hold of his strength." Sir Tcm turned away with a blank countenance. What did it mean then ? He went back to his dressing-room, and completed his toilet without seeing anything of Lucy. The nurse seemed quite unconscious of her mistress's vigil by the baby's side. Where then had Lucy passed the night, and why taken refuge in tnat nursery ? Sir Tom grew pale, and saw his own countenance white and full of trouble, as if it had been a stranger's, in the glass. He hurried downstairs to the breakfast room, into which the sun was shining. There could not have been a more cheerful sieht. Some of the dowers brought up from the hall were on the table. There was a merry little fire burning; the usual pile of newspapers were arranged for him by the care of Williams, Who felt himself a political character too, and appreciated the necessity of seeing what the country was thinking. Jock stood at the window with a book, reading and watching the cheerful movements outside. But the chair at the head of the table' was vacant. " Have you seen Lucy ?" he said to Jock, with an anxiety which he could scarcely disguise. At this moment she came in, very gentle, very pale, like a ghost. She gave him no greeting, save a sort of attempt at a smile and warning look, calling his attention to Williams, who had followed her into the room, with that one special dish which the butler always condescended to place on the table. Sir Tom sat down to his newspapers confounded, not knowing what to think or to say. 