The Teaching of the Twelve Apostles. THE NEWLY DISCOVERED MANUSCRIPT SECOND CENTURY. From the " Christian at Work." (Concluded.) OF THE 7\. But as to baptism, baptize thus: Baptize after thou hast imparted all the above doctrines [the moral teachings of chapters i.-vi.], in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, in flowing water. If, however, thou hast no flowing water, then baptize with other water; if there be no cold at hand, with warm. But if thou hast neither, then sprinkle the head three times with water in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. But before the baptism, the baptizer and the baptized are to fast. . . . Thou shalt command the baptized to fast a day or two beforehand. 8\. Your fasts are not to be ordered like those of the hypocrites; for these fast on Monday and Thursday. Ye, however, shall fast on Wednesday and Friday. Neither shall ye pray like the hypocrites, but pray as the Lord has commanded in His Gospel—" Our Father," etc. Tlu'ee times a day shall ye pray thus. 9\. As for the eucharist, ye shall give thanks : First in reference to the cup. " We thank Thee, our Father, for the holy vine of Thy child David, which thou hast revealed to us through Thy child Jesus. Honour be to Thee to eternity." In reference to the broken bread, however: " We thank Thee, our Father, for the life and the knowledge which Thou hast declared unto us through Thy child Jesus. Honour be to Thee to eternity." As this broken bread was strewn upon the hills [that is, as grain], and brought together and became one, so may Thy Church be brought together from the ends of the earth into Thy kingdom ; for Thine is the honour and power through Jesus Christ to eternity." Let no one, however, eat or drink of your eucharist except those baptized in the name of the Lord ; for in reference to this the Lord said, Ye shall not give that which is holy to the dogs. 10\. After ye have eaten, ye shall give thanks thus: " We thank Thee, Holy Father, for Thy holy name, for which Thou hast prepared a dwelling in our hearts : and for the knowledge, and the belief, and the immortality which Thou hast made known to us through Thy child Jesus ; to Thee be honour in eternity. Thou, Almighty Lord, hast created all for Thy name's sake; food and drink Thou hast given to men for their use, that they may thank Thee; but upon us Thou hast graciously bestowed spiritual food and drink and eternal life, through Thy child. Above all we thank Thee because Thou art mighty. To Thee be honour to eternity. Remember, Lord, Thy Church, to load her forth out of all evil, and to perfect her in Thy love; gather her together from the four winds—her, the consecrated one —into Thy kingdom which Thou hast prepared for her. Thine is the power and the honour to eternity. Let grace come and let this world vanish away. Hosanna to the Son of David ! Let him that is holy come forward ! let him that is not, repent. Maranatha. Amen." But permit the prophets to say thanks as much as they please. 11\. Whosoever now comes [to you] and teaches you all this that has just been said, him receive. If, however, the teacher himself teaches in perverseness another doctrine, so that he annuls the above, hear ye him not; but if he teaches so that he increases righteousness and the knowledge of the Lord, then receive him as the Lord. In reference to the apostles and prophets, moreover, ye shall proceed as follows, according to the directions of the Gospel: Let every apostle who comes to you be received as the Lord. He will not remain longer than a day, or, if necessary, a second day; if he remains three days, he is a false prophet. When the apostle goes away again, let him take nothing with him but bread enough for a day; if he asks for money he is a false prophet. And every prophet that speaks " in the Spirit," him ye shall neither examine nor condemn ; for every sin is forgiven, but this sin is not forgiven. But not every one that speaks " in the Spirit" is a prophet, but only he who shows the behaviour of the Lord. By his behaviour, therefore, the false prophet and the prophet can be recognized. No prophet [speaking] " in the Spirit" orders a meal and eats of the same, unless he is a false prophet. Every prophet, moreover, who teaches the truth, is a false prophet if he does not do what he teaches. But every prophet, proven and true, who performs an action to symbolize the mystery of the Church in the world, but at the same time does not teach [others] to do what he himself does, he shall not be judged by you; for his judgment is with God ; for even thus did the ancient prophets act. But whosoever says " in the Spirit," give me money or something else, him hear ye not; if, however, lie speaks of gifts in reference to others who are in need, then no one shall judge him. 12\. Every one that cometh in the name of the Lord, let him be received; but then ye shall examine him, and learn what his case may be : for ye should have the the power of distinguishing between the good and the evil. If the new-comer is a wanderer, help him as much as ye can. He will, however, not stay with you unless it be for two or three days, if it be necessary. But if he wishes to take up his abode among you as a workman, then he is to work and eat. If, however, he haslearned no trade, then ye shall, accordingto your intelligent perception [of the case], see to it that no one without occupation live with you as a Christian. If he will not agree to this, then he is one who puts Christ out at usury. Hold yourselves aloof from such. 13\. Every true prophet, however, who desires to establish himself among you, is worthy of his support. Likewise, also, is a true teacher, as a workman, worthy of liis support. All the firstlings of the products of thy wine-press and threshing-floor, of thy cattle and sheep, shalt thou take and give to the prophet: for they are your high priests. But if ye have no prophet [among you] then give it to the poor. When thou makest a batch of dough, take the first of it and give it according to the ordinance. So, likewise, when thou openest a vessel of wine or oil, take the first of it and give it to the prophet. Take also the firstlings of gold and clothes, and of every possession according to thy discretion, and give them according to the ordinance. 14\. On the Lord's day ye shall gather yourselves together, and break the bread and say thanks, after ye have confessed your misdeeds, in order that your offering may be clean. Let no one who is at odds with his friend assemble with you, before they have become at one with each other, in order that your offering may not be profaned. This is what the word spoken by the Lord has reference to: "In every place and at every time shall they offer Me a pure offering. For I am a great King, saith the Lord, and My Name is wonderful among the nations." 16\. Choose for yourselves, besides, bishops and deacons who are worthy of the Lord, gentle and not miserly, and upright and proven men: for they perform also for you the service of the prophets and teachers. Despise them not, therefore: for they are your honoured men [this passage is not perfectly clear] with the prophets and teachers. Convince one another, not in anger, but in peace, as ye find it in the Gospel; and if a man have injured his neighbour, let no one Bpeak to him, nor let him hear a word from you, until he has changed his mind. But your prayers and your alms, and all that ye do, so do it as ye find it in the Gospel of our Lord. 16\. Watch over your life; your lamps shall not go out, and your loins shall not become slack ; but be ready, for ye know not tlie hour in which our Lord cometh. Ye shall, moreover, assemble yourselves together often, and seek after that which your souls need: for the whole [past] time of your belief will not be of the least use to you, if ye have not grown perfect iiithe last time. For in the last days, the false prophets and the corrupters will increase, and the sheep shall turn themselves into wolves, and love will turn to hatred; for when unrighteousness assumes sway, they will hate and persecute and deliver up one another, and then the deceiver of the world will appear, as if he were the Son of God, and will do signB and wonders, and the earth shall be delivered into his hands, and he will do wickedness such as has never been since the beginning of time. Then will the creation of men [that is, all men~\ come into the fire of proving, and many will take offence and be lost. Those, however, who continue firm in their belief will be saved [here follows a doubtful clause]. And then the signs of the truth will appear—first, the sign that the heaven opens ; then the sign of the trumpet blast; and, third, the resurrection of the dead, yet not of all, but as is said " The Lord will come, and all the saints with him." Then will the world see the Lord come upon the clouds of heaven.—Christian at Work. [The first six chapters appeared in our issue of 11th July. —E.D.] 