ECHOES OF MELBOU1RNE: (Br TorE GnosT.) Marrch 14. . At length the oracle hits spoken.' Under banqueting influehces brought to bear at Bairnsdalo, Mr. Berry has' broken thie Ministerial' silence, and: dropped a few hints of the future 'intenhtions of the Government. Up to the 1present, according to the Chief Secretary, the Cabinet have not considered any of the measures to be subinitted to Parliament. Mr. Service was so fortunate during last session in getting a batch of ill prepared and undebated bills rushed" through Parliament; that thd' honourable gentleman evidently thinks it would be. akin to tempting Providence to depart from a ,pras-C tice that has been so successful in the past. So week after week the Premier leaves his official cares behind him, and. passes the greater part of liis, time at Sorrento. Yet the few weeks'to elapse be-. fore the 'Houses' again meet"i' would as suredly not more .than suflice Ministers to' consider the p?rovisions of the various bills, which,' according to Mr. Berry, are to be submitted for discussion. According to that honourable "gentleman's recent, post prandial deliverance, the' legislation during the .coming session is mainly to be of a "social" character. And in pursuance of. this" determination, there is to be a vigorous onslaught made. on' all the social evils. The liquor traffic is to be -so;quoth the Chief' Secretary-"dealt with," and already the Blue Ribbon Army are 'jubilant over the prospect of Local. Option. The employment of women and children in factories is to be "regulated,' and the morals of young ladies under "sweet seventeen" placed under the rigorous guardianship- of an act of Parliament, which will effectually dispose of Lothario and gentlemen of that ilk. And when the people have been made sober and virtuous through the instrumentality of the sMinistry, the same beneficial infludnce' will' further increase the debt of gratituide it is about to impose upon the colony, by affording its happy denizens the opportun ity of settling upon its drained swamps, which, it is intended-doubtless as a sop to Mr. Mirams, whose labours as tlloe head of the Tariff Commission are not even alluded to-to let on lease, and thus give' the "system" of the hion. member for Colling wood a trial. Then there is to be a measure constituting a Metropolitan Boardof Works, and last, but certainly not least, a Rail way Construction' Bill. There is, as can easily be seen, a total absence from the programme of anything in the shape of "burning questions." Not a word is said about any revision of the tariff, of the education report, or of the Mining on Private Property Bill, so often promised and so often shelved. They are apparently to be dealt with in the sweet by and by, when the measure for a re-distribution of the seats in the Assembly is to be brought forward. But perhaps Mr. Berry's motion 'was after all only a "feeler," and when Mr. Service takes the public into his confidence lie may largely supplement the promises made by his colleague to the hlop growers of Gippsland. Perhaps, too, the Premier is reserving his utterances until after the threatened attack of Major Smith has been made, when lie will fully unmask his, at present, very much masked oratorial batteries ; or perhaps bearing in mind that though speech may be silvern, silence is golden, the astute Treasurer may deem it wiser to take a loaf out of the book of the sailor's parrot, and not talk too much. Or perhaps again Mr. Service, embued with a keener sense of the fitness of ,things than Mr. Berry, may deem it wise not to expatiate too loudly on: the moral virtues, and hesitate to tread where his colleague has not feared to rush in. -It is whispered among Mr. Service's intimesthat when, in the. fulness of time, Mr. Murray Smith has accomplished his period of service, as Agent-General,'and returned to .the colony with a knightly preflx to his somewhat unfashionable but eminently British patronymic, Mr. Service will replace him as the representative af, Victoria in London. Should this be'the case, there will' be another refusal ,of ai knighthood. Not that the honourable the Premier objects in any way to titular distinctions, as far as he himself is per sonally concerned. But there are what our Gaelic friends term raisons de faeille which readers the refusal imperative. There it weeping among the hatters of Victoria, and Yeomnas refuses to be com forted. The Tariff Revision question, is not likely to be touched during the. ap proaching session, and the imposition of higher duties on male head gear runs. the risk of being indefinitely postponed. Mr. Mirams, too, is inconsolable. The little gentleman experiences the same delight in dealing with figures as a London sweep does, according to Charles Lamb,, in imbibing a cup of sassafras tea, and deefms it ha~d that after compiling a blue'bdlok that cost nearly nineteen hundred pounds in printing alone, he should be deniod'th'e opportunity of profiting by his book-mak ing. He is said to be employinga portion of hisleisure moments to the task of calculating the number of persons ever likely to' read the report of the Tariff Commission; and the chances of the recommendations it con tains in regard to a number of '" protected" items being accepted by' his fellow mem bers of the Assembly. The Railway Commissioners have atilast commenced work, if travelling along the lines by special train, with occasional halts of five minutes' duration, can be dignified by the name. 'But up to'the present time they have not inaugurated any of the re forms which were to cause the Victorian railways to be 'conducted !'on com mercialprinciples." They appear, indeed, afraid of -making any' changes' in the present system. They have a stereotyped answer for every deputation that inter views them.. "The question involves a matter of policy, and must be referred to thle Minister." ' Thisis wvhat theyinvariably roplyto requests for additional station as comodafion, now sidings, or additional trains. It is quite true tlhat up to the pre sent time the appointment 'f every porter, gatekeeper, or greaser, has been a '! ques tion of policy." But it was hoped that the appointment"e of the Commission' had changed'all this.. It seems, howevev, it is not so, and poodple are beginning'to ask, in relation to the trinity of which Mr. Speight is the head, if it is w?rth while paying so much to obtain so little I King Log apparently lias succeeded King Stork. Victoria is fast becoming" a find countrj for tihe working man"-- a. certai clqss:. It is a very paradise for murderers and lnrglais under the present police regiue. Three gundetected murderers are at large, and the nuuiber bf bank raobbers who leavo succ'e'ded in chldding the efflots? of t)he "detectives"--so cdalbi deoqbtless on. tile 1tlios anon EisaloeI prio clle, because thley -over deotec anything-las of late in creased aRt a wonderful rate. Tie number ofr those light-fingered and hbavily booty 1 laden individuals hI been swelled during s the week by,the Horsham delinquent, who has eased tlhe London Chartered Bank in tltht "griunary of the colony" of something like seven thousand pounds in coin and notes. Tie reward of £500 offered by the bank has failed up to the present to lead to any. discoveory. The services of the black trackers were callCd into requi sition, but as usual,"directly they' were senit for heavy rain set in, and "obliterated any " clue" they might have succeeded in furnishing. In connection w;ith these sable gentlemeni it is an extraordinary coinci donce that they invariably bring wet weathlier who sent for. Some of our squatters, whose flocks and herds are perishing for want of water, might' tke tlhe hint. Tihe Queensland 'trackefs ap pear as effeootual in breaking up a long drought as even Mr. MI'Coll himself. And then they dozl't reqitire thlirteen millions for a grand "canawl." Whistling by railway and factory steam engines has boon stopped, and members of the police force are alone to be privileged in future to: assault;the tympanum of the human ear with, the shrill discord. In future every constabloe is to be furnished with a whittle wheorowith to summon a comrade' to Iris assistance in caseoof need. That the plan thus deoii.ed of affording the guardians of the peace the means of calling each other is open to some serious objections, does not appear to have entered the miids of the authorities. An enterprising burglar, for instance, desirous of "cracking acrib," could easily contrive to havethe constable on the beat "whistledoff" to a convenient distance by one of his con federates, while lie pursued his avocation unmolested. The old-fashioned "rattle" may have been somewhat cumbrous and inconvenient to carry. But unlike the whistle, it was not attainable by everyone, and for that very reason was doubtless hit upon by a former gcnenration as more fitted for its intended purpose than the contriv ance now proposed. We may literally find ourselves paying dearly for our police whistle' when the criminal classes - have inastered the difficulties of the instrument. The Scota Church' will hear of iio, com promise, and intend fighting out their Strong quarrel to the bitter end. They in tend to have their favoui-ite minister back if they can, and meanwhile have raised the salary of their "beloved pastor's" succes sor and friend from .£500 to £750 per annum. Mr. Dods, who has been for some weeks 'past laid up ii Geeolong;'*hero he was hoting as locum tencns for the Rev. A, Wardrop, during that gentleoian's absence in' Tasiantia, bytidu attack of scarlet- fever, will doubtless find his convalescence expe dited' b&,' the advancement of his worldly iprispects.: 'Ilowv sadly' the apostolic in junction anent 'scrip and purseis neglected in these degenerate da?'s I Were it not for the " bawbees" and the fact that the Scots congregation in seceding from the, Victorian Presbytery would take with them property valued at sonme £20,000, they would have been allowed to "1cut the painter" long since. :They, how-' over, are as determined as ever to carry out their intention, and at the meeting held during the week, at which the, Rev. Mr. Hay "moderated"-whiloh.is Scotch, for presided-unanimously :resolved ,to reject all overtures for a peaceable solution of." the .difficulty,'. which codminated in. the departure of the oev. Charles Strong. There will be a fiercer fight over the " Enabling Bill" bly which the Scots con gregation seek to achieve their end-than over any other nitter brought under "the notice of the next Parliamentary session. With 'fost pIraiseworthy expedition Mr. IIaytoer, the Government Statist, has made public a statement of our Victorian harvest returns.' The season has been a prosporous one for agriculturists. The acreage under cultivation is larger than in any former years, 'and with an average yield of nearly 14 bushels of wheat, of 25 bushels of oats, of four' tons of potatoes, and a ton and a half of hay' to the acre, farmers have not much reason to. grumble. But they do growl nevcrtrheless, 'for abundance means low 1 prices, and, the "cheap loaf" has never bcen a 'favourite cry of those "who follow the plough." After an unprecedentedly succossfulrun of seventy nights "Impulse"'.hus been - withdrawn, and Miss Genevieve :Ward, a star of the first magnitude, is to make her first appearance to-night in. Grove and Merivale's famous drama :" Forget- me not." "'At the Royal the " Wages of Sin" is being performed to large housces, and at the Opera Miss Juno is pleasing crowded audiences with "Jessie Brown" in:" The relief of Lucknow." Mr. J. L. Hall in "Imprudence," at the Bijou, has been doing a satisfactory business.. Chiarini's and St. Leon's circuses are both here, and consequently there is a plethora of saw dust and wild beasts, but both have numerous patrons. I 