Q Optical Illusions. Woes tlie'ye is deceived and a person misled by things seemitg,tB'be'what they are not, it -is spokaen of as ain "~optical illusion." Thu familiar ~piession that?"e seing is believing' r implies that most people truet to their eyes more than to their'own senses. "I haveseen I It with my own ey'!e' ii lgoked upon as an r indisputablo, sooninoing argument, although 7 there are a.feawt doubting Thomases who I would add the testimony of the sense of feel ing to that of eight before admitting that a thing is actually so. \-- The- facts in the- case-are- that'ny' one-of our senses may mislead us, and will do so un I less we adite caution with experience. As sophista use logic to prove the false true, enso the ventriloquist by the exercise of his art dec eives the ear, and the sleight.of-hand' por. ftoiner cheats your eyes. How is this poeR eible?' SCertain:rays of light coteing from a distant body enter the eye, and produce certain sein I sations upon the retina, which sensations are reported: to the brain through the optic nerve. neTh brain interprets the signals by the aid i of past experience, and we think we haveseen the distant object. In fact, we have only re ceived 'a mesage from it. Ift the telegraph,? operator in Washington' strikes his key twice, V the New York operator writes down 0, but if h: I trikes it three times the latter writes down 8, unless he. fails to hear the third tick, or thinks he has heard but two, when he is led I into the mistake of writing O where he should e write'S. The signals, when correctly given, n may be interpreted correctly or incorrectly. F So the signals correctly registered on tihe retina and reported to the brain may be in correctly translated and interpreted, thus resulting in an error, an illusion. a Place a man and a dog side by side at a a distance of 20 feet, and any person with an eye capable of distinguishing them will be able to tell which is on the right, which on the left. The eye is not easily deceived as to Sposition at right angles to the line of vision. t Let the man advance five feet; it is easy to i tell that' the dog is farther away than the t man. Next,'place the man, at a distance of h 100 feet, the dog, at 105 feet;'it is not so a easily decided as before, although mistakes are rare with a normal eye., But. t 500. aid s 600 feet, respectively, it is ess. easy, although g we can still tell which is to the right and t which to the left.'"' The images formed on the 'retina by.the same object at different dis Stances are very similar,-differiog only in size s, and distinotnoss. For 'this reason it is I diflloclt to judge of distanbes, requirlig much practiee. A personi' standing on; a:straigght strip of railroad is irarely able totoll whaliether a.distant train is approaching, or receding, or at rest, so slight is the change in apparent t size from which the distancetis to' be esti mated.' Upon' the" sea it is very difficult, a without long practice, to judge of 'distanaes.; I'As a.curious instance of inability to judge f, of distances,'sand hence of' the direction of horicontal motion, may be menti6nedtliat a of th's governor, of 'a steam engine. At a s certain distance ..(say 50 feet)' the eye will ' seem to seenthe balls turning in a .ertain i direction, but 'on next looking at them this motion seems to have'ochanged to the reveres, and after several alternations the mind be. i comes perplexed; and finally is 'able; to see them turning either way.' ' . ,'Ari outline, drawing of.a 'cbe, may be e made to look like te interior or exterior at a: will at considerable distance: the roeal cube can :be 'made to do the same. Shading, perspective, &e.;, are resorted to by: the artist to give the idea of distance. In the matter of direction deception is not so easy as in distance. ' Our experience tells 'u s that if a person hits us in the back with a ball he is probably behind?? not in front'of us. The object seen lies in the same direction as that from which the light comes when it enters the eye. If by any means the dirda tion of the ray has been changed between the time when it left the object and, the time when it reached the eye, this rule is violated, and deception results. When thisn change is offected by the reflection it is attended with more or less.loss of light, sometimes with distortion, and a little experience leads me one to'saspeo,-a-rifocting esurfac:.-' 41-ie mirror is very perfect, the most careful person is liable to be misled. The well- known " ghost" is due to the reflection of a strongly lighted figure from a plate of uonsilvered glass. Many of the best tricks, with floating heads and the like, are arranged with mirrors. No illusions are more perfect than those produced with mirrors. IRefraction always changes the apparent place of an object, so that we seem to see the sun after it has gone below the horizon. A more striking but less frequentphenomenon of refraction is that knowyn as mirage. Re fraction also affects the color of an object. - ;, The media through which light passes has more or;less effect upon the ray. In a fog objects are dimly seen, the effect resembling that .due to distance, -hence objects look larger, for the eye judges 'of the sire of an object by multiplying the size of the image or impreslon' received by the euare of the dies tance, while the latter is estimated from the indistinctness of the object. In the fog the 'apparent distance is increased, but the eye interprets It as due to the opposite cause., On looking at the photograph of a tree, a' churoch, a monument, or a pyramid, it is not' possible to form a correct idea of its size un less a man or animal is seen in the same' view with which to compare it. In nature, especially on land, the intervening objects that lead up to it give the data on which to: calculate the distance;'. Where 'none inter-; vene, as in looking from peak to peak,' the eye must depend on distinctness, and where 'the air'is very clear and transparent, as in, Golorado, digtanoes seem loss than they are. If the object is seen through transparent,' but colored, media, the form remains true,. but the colors are changed. On looking directly at the loop or curve of an incandescent lamp it is frequently di0icult to distinguish its form, the whole loop being' radiant and dazzling,while its reflection is so much less brilliant that the form of the car.' bon Is easily discovered. A wire or bar of iron looks much larger when red hot than' when cold' for the same reason, and's fire' at night seems nearer, owing to its bright. ness, than in the day. ' No better proof is needed of the fact that' the eye does not and cannot measure dis tance, but only gives more or less imperfect; data from which the mind'calculates'the dis.' tance, than the child's Offorts to grasp the moon, and of the dog that bays at that dis. tant luminary which looka so near; nor can any of-us, with our naked eye, estimate the relatie distancesof the sun and stars. . . The shape.and color of ant object are all that the eye alone can report with tolerable' acouracy,.but by experience we learn to dis tilnguish the texture of substance, the nature of services, and many other things that belong more properly' to the sense of touch. We distinguish satin from velvet and wool' from cotton at a glance. The painter's artlargely; consists in deceiving the eye; in so mixig anq blending his pigments that they produce the same impressiio .as stone and wood, or earth and trees, or flesh and blood would do, and the greater his skill;,the more perfect the deception. The imitation is rarely so perfeet as to deceive the experienced, and yet the pleasure derived from the imitation exceeds that given by the reality, Just 'an misery 'aned and suffering, when well "depleted on the, stage, give pleasure, but the sight of the reality gives pain. , ' In many things the mind enjoys being de.' ceived, and optical illutsions give us pleasure, so much so that those who are capable of ,completely deceiving this the aeutest' of our senses get well paid for exercising their talents. ' H. 