A Jr ENXEEPBISinG CONSTABLE. A constable wa« awakÍDg cchoei on ailsnt night by the measured tread of 1 heavy footstep* on th« pavement of afaahic able west-endstreet, when be waa staitl by shrill cries of " thiaves !" and " murder close at band. Being a young man, eaj te distinguish himself, he ran at the top Iii« «peed in the direction whence the aoun prooaaded, and found a «mall group of me including another constable, congregate ouUide a large house. " What'« up 7" he inquired of hi« c< league. " Blessed if I know ! Thc v. cman aecr too f rightenrd to do anything except «cream growled the oiBcar-an old band-apostr phiaing tba row of head« which were thru .ut from the lipper v.induvvs. Viii, then come down and open the door 1" " I'believe somebody has been «hot. I'; ?ure I heard a report ai I turned tl .orner," «aid a young gentleman in evenir drats, who wai apparently returning from ball. i "Here, Smith, you run round to the back, said the cider constable to the other ; ' ' mali your way in, if you can, and I'll stay hei till th« door ii opened." Constable Smith started off on hil erran with, alacrity, and, turning the adjacei corner, climbed over the railing! into square or public garden at the roar af th premises. He had no difficulty in identify ing the homo in its altered, aspect, for light in the basement attracted his attentioi The diningroom had French window« opel ing on to an ornamental iron bridge or gan¡ way, which spanned the area and lcd int the 'garden. On« of these window« wi slightly ajar, and the constable, grasping h bull'« aye lantern firmly with his left bane walked aaro«s the bridge, aad entered th room. Paning through th« apartment an throwing a ray of light right and left aa li walked, he came to tho hall, and was advani ing straight to the entrance door to giv admission to his colleague, when he enaout tered a white- clad figure crouching in recess,, which was used for banging coal and hat« on. The constable experienced thrill of nervousness, and involuntarily lah his hand on his trouchcon. A second glanoi howaver, cpnvinced him that ho had not t deal with a burglar or a desperate character Tho individual waa a gentleman in hi« nigh attira, trembling violently, and in a hall fainting' condition. The constable rightl assumed that it was tho master of the house ?'. and addressed luna roughly, but respect fully. . . , ; '' What ii up, sir ? . I'm a polioeman." , \\-J They-they .have ihot him, ".gasped th other, apparently a trifle reassured at th aight of,the constable1! uniform. ' Shotwhot", ; . . ., ..' ;...'..."., : K Mr .butler." ' : \\- ';. ",.j ., -, Who did ut" : ; .. r m ..','iThe-the;burglars." J*. ..",W«11, . we had; better open the door Oom«, sir, there. is nothing to be afraid ' o ¿now," , ho added, a little contemptuously " .You understand the bolts and fastenings I'll trouble you to lend mo a hand." . : Being thus appealed to, the master of th« hous« made an etfort to control himself, and, with trembling hands, commenced to un fasten the chain and to unlock the hall door, .while, the constable threw , the light of hil lantern up the staircase, wi th a rapid survoj Of th* premises., When tho door was openec th« hall'instantly became filled with the orowd from the outside, headed by tin officer. ' A great hubbub and babel of voice! ensuod, in-the midst of whioh the master oi th« house repeatedly reiterated that hil butlet: had..; been; shot, and wu only witt difficulty prevailed upon to explain that tl« tragedy had occurred in the basement. < " :A> move'waa accordingly made iu thal direction, and after a brief search, the bod] ¡ of a man was lound huddled up on tho flooi .ol the kitchen, which smelt strongly of gua 3 powder. A oandle was burning on tin . dresser, the reflection'of which the constabh . had s«cn from the garden at the back. One . of the party was a neighboring surgeon, and he at once knelt down beside tho prostrnti man, who was dressed in his shirt ,anc troiui-rs, and with professional coolness ex amincd the naturo of his injury. ; : " Ha is dead, poor fellow," remarked thc : doctor, quietly, after a ahort pause. \- " Shot, oh ?" inquired the constable. ? '. >"Tn ; shot through the lung« Here il ; th« wound, you see. I can do nothing,' add«d the doctor, gently releasing his hold ' * of the man and rising to his feet. : . >r . : The party filed out of the room rather . > quickly, and made thoir way up the stairs, . -. awed «nd nervous, while the two officers " ..mmenced a careful 1 examination: of the .' premises. Tho rooms and offices on the basement had not been disturbed, and tho ~v lautier'» pantry was locked. From the state . of the diningroom, however, it was ovident \- that burglars had been at work. One of the ""Cupboards in the sideboard which contained 1 some silver articles ot' value had been dexter ously wrenched open, though apparently the ' thieves bad been alarmed, for nothing ap -peartdtobe missing. Some silent matches ' and'a neat jemmy wera found upon tho ' ? ({round, while the door leading to the garden .:; bore'traces of having been forced open. ¡ The ; 'older'constable muttered to his colleague '., that the thieves had been accompli shod "N," cracksmen. " S^Whilo thia survey was procoeding, . an ' inspector had been jsout for, and shortly afterwards made' his appearance; 'After \- .receiving the report of the constable« and ? ' examining the premises under their guidance, ? li« proceeded to interrogate the inmates of .? ' .the house. The master and mistress and "two terrified femalo sorvants had by this ,; time atsemblod in one of tho sittihg rooms, ?j and were incoherently discussing tue affair ; with some neighbors. The inspector having '.politely, bnt firmly, cleared tho house! of all ' intruders, produced his note-book and asked . for details. *!.> " What is your namo, sir!" was his first. h "question of the master bf the house. 1 ..'''". -, ' " My hame is Millor. I am woll 'known ' 'in tho neighborhood."' ' . .' ''.','' ; '" " And tho doc«asod'« ?" . 11 ::" "?';'.! ?'">'*k '' John Simmonds. Ho has beon iV my : Boryico for nearly twelve years, 'and' I V' ¡ esteemed him highly, poor fellow." " " j ' ' Mr. Miller had, in a great measure, ro '/covered'froin his fright, though he was still ''' pale'and nervous. He was an' elderly' man,. : ;'with groy hair and whiskers;' and now that !;!'ho'had dressed himself ho looked compara-' tl vol v'oailm and si lf-possossed.'" 1 ; ,', ? "; '" Will you tell mo what you know of this. ' affair, sir!" asked tho inspector. ' ' '." "I was.tho first who waa urousod," inter posed ni'S. Miller, before her husband could speak. .; ".About half-an-hour ago I started \- up on Hearing a knock Ht my bedroom door. Imagining that one of tho children wa« ill, I; hastily put on my dressing- gown, when ¡I recognised Simmonds' voice. I asked him what was the mntter, and he «aid th'èro were thieves in the house. I then woke my hus band, who waa asleep." ' í ."Is that all you know, ma'am?" ' i "Yes. When my husband went down, I waa so terrified that I shut myself in my room, A minute or two after, I hoard a noisa liko' the crack of a whip. I did not think it was a shot, but tho DÍICIIQC whidh fpllowod scorned ominous. Aftern while,íl, oropt out on tb tho landing, and onllod to my husband over tho banister. Ho shouted up that Simmonds was killed by tho burglars, and I then rushed to tho window and screamed for th« police."- j .."Thank you. Now, sir ?" said, the in spector, turning to Mr. Miller, , .... ' \ ?t'< ." When my wife woko me," said .Mr. Miller, with' a .visible' effort at solf-contrp), . "I jumped out of bed immediately, feeling' rathor dazed» and joined Simmonds outside, withbut waiting to ~Hrc««. He* whispered that there were thieves in the house, and led the way down stairs. I followed him. I don't know what we were going to do exactly. I was vary nervous and startlad, "and relied entirely on Simmonds, who was quite cool and collected. We went down without making a sound, for I waa bare-footed, and BO, I think, was Simmonds." " Had you a light?" inquirod the inspec tor. "No. I wanted to bring one, bnt Sim monda said we should be safer in the dark. When we approached the diningroom we stopper) and listened. I heard nothing, but Simmonds said he heard a noise in the base ment." " The silver is kept in tho butler's pantry, I suppose 7" Baid the inspector.' " Yes ; nearly all of it. There is a safe there. I expect the thief, or thieves, were I attracted by that." " Well, air ? . " Well, we went quietly down the kitchen stairs, poor Simmonds leading the way, as before. When we reached the bottom he went into the kitchen. 1 had let bim get a good woy ahead of me. Tho fact is, I felt thoroughly frightened," added Mr. Miller, with a lugubrious Birnie. " What made him go into the kitchen ?" inquired the inspector. "I tupposo he heard some one moving there. At all events, the moment after he had entered I heard voices, followed by a loud report, a groan, and » heavy fall." 1 - " Was there a struggle? Waa anything .aid ?" "I don't know. It all happened in an instant, and I was paralyaed with horror," «aid Mr. Miller, wiping the perspiration from his brow. " Before I could realise what had occurred, somebody rnshed up the stairs in the dark, and nearly threw me down. I just managed to catch hold of the bannister to save myielf from falling. A man-I think two men-hastily tumbled past me. I could not see, but I think there must have been more than one man." " Didn't you attempt to stop them ?" asked the inspector. ; "I h md no time. It was all so'sudden. I was breathless for a moment from' the collision, besides being' completely terrified," taid Mr. Miller, helplessly. "I suppose the thieves cot away throogh . the diningroom window." - ' ¡;Í "What did you do then?"' . " Well, I must have gone down stairs with a vague idea of assisting the wounded man,' who was greasing, I found myself groping about the kitchen.;' I'don't reeotleot: hov/ I got thrre. By chance I came across a box of matches. I struiok ono with great diffi culty, and then lit a candle which ; was standing on the dresser. . Poor Simmonds' waa uttering lowïnoans, ; whioh ceased when I bent over him. ' I then 'perceived;he was dead." ' - y..-,:: ¡»ní .h'c.- . ¡ "He never spoke to you, 'then ?V inquired the inspector, after a'short pause of sym pathy,1 during whioh Mr. Miller wasovercome by emotion. w :,,;<<-,.- »;».,« v',i-i><\ ' " No. When I found he was dead; I went upstairs', " resumed Mr: Miller, with an effort. "My wife called out to ma, and I1 shouted that poor Simmonds was Shot. I had reached tho hall by that tims, and then I suppose I fainted. - 1 remember nothing more till tho constable spoke to me." . The unfortunate gentlemau was ovidontly quito unmanned by the scone he had wit nessed. He seemed almost hysterical, show ing that the shock had seriously affected hiB* nervet. The inspector asked a few more questions, but forbode to prolong the inter view ; and after assisting to lay the body of the murdered man upou his bed, and promis ing that a policeman should patrol the house for the rest of tho night, he and his subor dinates took their departure. The affair caused a groat sensation in the neighborhood, and the tragic incident was placarded in large letters on the posten of the newspapers. Crowds of people came : and stared at the hoiiBe, and the advisability ' of arming the police was again hotly dis cussed. An inquest was held, at which Mr. Miller repeated his story, and the inquiry -which gaye tho coroner an excellent oppor tunity bf airing his importance-terminated in a verdict of wilful murder againBt some person or persons unknown. The. police,; a» usual, expressed themselves confident of being able: to' capture the ? guilty parties at 'any moment, and asserted that they were in possession of an important clue, though nothing ever,transpired to verify tho allega-' tion; ;' ., - ' .' About a month or six weeks afterwards, Mr. Miller was one day seated in his office in town-he was a Colonial broker in a large way of business-when a derk entered, and announced that a young man wished to see him. The caller declined to give his name,1 bub' declared1 that he had something'most important to communicate. , ; ."?'>. i ?'.'??' ; " What i» ho like ?" inquired Mr. Miller; who in broad daylight and ip his own offioe looked a very imposing and'important per sonage, "I mean is he a: beggar?.'"Why doesn't he send in his name? I can't bs dis; turbed in this manner."1 ; ',] ? ,: " He says you wouldn't' know his' name; sir ; but. he seems quite respectable "'said the'clerk, awed by his principal's outraged dignity.' ,".'?' '"?'? .' ".' -' ;." "" Well, you can ask him to step in. But, ¡ Marshall, you caa leave tho door ajar and; remain within call," said Mr. Millen'- .< ? Tho derk presently ushered in a tall young I man of military aspect; nnd Mr. Miller was ; dimly conscious that he had seen his'face; before As this reflection crossed his mind, j he realised that it was a rather unpleasantly^ determined face, and ho involuntarily drop-, ped his. eyes beneath tho keen glance which the Btrarjger fixed upon him. Judging from! hia ' dress the 1 young mah ' apparently be-j longed to a humble class of hfo,; and; Mr.! Millor thereforó' addressed him in alpatronis-i ing toneV'; .' " " "'' '.' !'"i';,;i' .*"??'. j "'Well; my 'mau',''what do;'yon' want withi me? : Why'didn't you' send' your* namo in.i oh?"-','"'. , ;.'.....-';.-» ': '-.'..?.-. ¡««si'.' "You wouldn't have beon" any the wis'or,» sir. ? I'll.shut.tho..door_if_ypu_don't mind,"] said tho young mau, seizing tho handle. j '" Thank, you;;I-prefor-it jOpen," said Mr.. Miller,,rat|ier hastily. ., ', .\ ! .'j''''¡Yon nepdn't be.afraid.lsir," replied tho] young'wan, calmly disregarding^ the snub, j " You've only to raise'your voice above a' whisper tb be heard through that partition."! ''' Mr. Millor was fairly taken abaok, not . only by tho man's coolness, but by, the sud den' conviction that' bis voice and manner : also wore familiar. - The stranger soon solved tho mystery by saying ::- : ' ? .. " You don't recogniao mo in privato clothes, sir, and in fact I didn't suppose you noticed -moat all.-. I am the constable that came into your houso that night when your butler was .shot."-' .;. vc ",.. -.!. . ..;'' .', \- " Ohl yea/iliXremembor;!! saidMr. Miller, chángihg oolor.-. Whot brings,you .hero ?' ho added, lowering his:i-voico. "'Has any thing transpired-?;ï ,". ':'. ;!>' ¡n i Í'M . ? -.i. . i >"> "No, sir,' not that I know ,of," said tho man, taking tho chair that Mr. Millor indi cated. "> ,-%'. I.' .'''', 1!; .: \ ?: ;i- ? ; "Have you left tho police ?" inquired Mr. Miller, struok by a Bort of constraint in the man's manner. .?{ ? -. '?, i : -II..,» "No, sir. That just brings me to what I want to say. 1 I haven't loft the police, but I am thinking of doing so. .I've a brother doing vory well in New Zealand, and, I wioh to join him! But, of course, it ia no use going without some capital. I sholl require ¿sor»." - ; "I really don't SOB how this concerns mo.. You haven't ooma to ask mo for £500, Isup poie,'' said Mr. Miller, jookingly. ,- ! , , Well;1 not exactly, rbut it may suit you'to, givo it to mo, sir," said tho young man, quite unabashed. ? " Indeed ! :' I don't' fanr/y it willf.tóoúgb," Eaid Mr. Miller, irritated at tho man's imy I pudence. "It strikes me you are waatiög my time and your own." "Then I will come to the point at once, sir. I know who shot your butler," said the young man, looking straight at Mr. Miller. "Do you ? Has the burglar been dis covered ?" exclaimed Mr. Miller, starting, and suddenly turning pale. "No, sir, I havenT; discovered no burglar, but at this moment I conld lay my finger on .the party who fired the shot," said his visitor, ?till looking him in tho face. "Do yon mean that you suspect me?" murmured Mr. Miller, looking like a ghost of himself, and trembling violently. "Yes, sir. It was an accident, no doubt. You had a revolver in your hand, and were so nervous that you didn't know what you were about. I expect the batter startled you by coming up against you in the dark, and you fired from sheer fright," said the young man, in a matter-of-fact tone. " What makes you imagine I had a re volver 1" gasped Mr. Miller, with a faint show of deriance. "Well, sir, when I came upon you sud denly in tho hall that evening, I noticed that 'you drew your hand away quickly from one , of the coats which were hanging up close by you. At the time I paid no attention to the ! circumstance, but when I thought of it after wards it gave me an idea. Next morning, \ being off duty, I strolled round to your house in private clothes, and hung about until you ileft to go to town. I guessed you would have the revolver abont you, and would try and make away with it. You « ill recollect ! that you travelled by tho District Railway to Westminster Bridge Station that day, and then went on to the city by boat. During the journey you dropped a small parcel into the river-" " Good God, you have guessed my secret?" interrupted Mr. Miller, in piteous tones; as he clasped his'hands together convulsively. "For mercy's sake, don't breathe-a word to any one 1 It was a pare accident,, and it happened as you tay. ? I was > so horrified and frightened that, like a, fool, X concealed the trnth.*' .¡.¡.-.(.-I h -<i -..<./.»* n-.-i.'iw itñ-nna "¡."Nobody suspects' you but me,'' said the young man, That is-why I' thought! it might suit your purpose to get me' but of, the country. You have complicated matters by giving false evidence.",¡ : : ;.-.:< '. ' ' ¡ il ' . " Yes, yes ; the matter must bo hushed up; You ebal! have the money you ask for if you will promise^ td leave the colony and never, breathe a word to a soul,"' said Mri: Miller eagerly, ns he seized his4'cheque-book j and turned.over the leaves in great agitation. ; " You can rely on my holding my tongue for my own sake," said tho youngman,' with a short laugh; .- ' .' j.--!'..' ? i-;-' : ? '>.,'. "Howie it you said nothing, about this before ?" said Mr, Miller, pausing after some futile attempts to guide the tremulous hand whioh held the pen*' : <.'- . i' ' : ' .!' . .;:!«« Well,; sir,-' i didn't know what might happen,'"'1 returned'" the young ¡ man . ' with another laugh.' "If the thief - had -been taken, everything might have come out." : i "l"-is that likely to happon ?" exclaimed Mr.'Miller,' with, another tit of trembling. * ' It is what I have always feared. The polioe say théy have a olue." - «?:"?? ? ?.?'?'' i i-? " You . can make- your -mind quitoi easy, air;¡ 'They've: got no clue,' and'knew the case was hopeless ' from tho' beginning. They've' no moro ohanoo :of catching>'the parties than they have of discovering your aeoret-if I get the'moriey;" ?' . ' . . ! . Acting oh this significant hint, Miv Miller -made no further objections, and the follow ing-week the enterprising'young ooustablo sailed for New Zealand. 