AN OLD CHUM'S EXPERIENCES OF THE EARLY DAYS. By R. P. WHIT WORTH. I' Yoojis must haye been a atrango life, tak e it altogether, I should say," said I to my old erony, Joo Penny thorne, an wa sat together last Christmas Day after dinner, smoking on the verandah. The goose had been a prime one, tho roast beef the best of its kind, the plum pudding, well too rich, if anything, and tho bottle of port, fit, as Thackeray aptly puts it, for the gills of a bishop.' Yhe young folks had gone for a walk on the beach, for the day wns a lovely one, and the fresh sea breeze was pleasanton that hot midsummer's afternoon. My wife was indulging in forty winks, the reward of a good dinner and a good con science, and Jos and I sat, as I have said in the verandob, shaded from the afternoon sun by a thick screen of pin], ilosvering dolicho3, smoking our pipes, and chatting about old times and the - many changes wo had seen since l we first met years ago on the Taron dig gings, for Joe; and I had been mates in thoso rough and ready days, and although circum stances had separated us for yoara, had seen many ups and dosvus together. " A strange life," said Joe, musingly, emit ting a long whiff of smoko before ho spoke. "Well, yes, I dare venture to say th?t a good many folks svould say so, if they knew it. What would you suppose how I was when I was a youngster ?" '?."?; I perpetrated the old time- worn joke of im agining he must have been a baby in arms. " Well, yes, I snppose I must," he replied, " although mind you, I wouldn't swear that, for I was brought up, or rather, dragged up rough, very rough." ? It will be observed that Joe didn't know muoh about the difference between adverbs and adjectives, and as for tho rules of syntax, I ones-ion if he'd ever heard of them. Still he was a clover fellow, a genius in his self taught way, a man respected and even looked up to by scientific men of far greater preten sious os regards mere book learning ; no mean artist, to some extent a geometrician, an admirable snodeller, a thoroughly practical chemist, and, in short; a clever and capablo man, as unobtrusive as he was clever, and as modest as he was capable. I had ventured on our long friendship r "o say to him, when ho bad beon telling mc in his unostentatious way of somo repairs he had been doing to a brokeu piece of sculpture which he spoko of as an ordinary thing, al though it was such a matter as might have puzzled many a clover artist, requiring as it did a thorough knowledge of anatomy, " Joe, old man, I've often thought what a pity it is that yon didn't receivo a thoroughly good education. Lord I what a man you might haya been to bo sure." :He waved hispipo, blew away a cloud of smoke and a little sigh at the same time, and said, " Ah I nobody knows that better than mo. Why, I nover.was.at school more than three weeks in my life, at twopence a week. I'll toll you a little, about myself if you like." " I should liko it of all things," said I, and so I got his story, which I found so interest ing, and withal so marvellous, that I venture, to reproduce it. " I was born in London about fifty-five years since, aud tho first thing I can recollect was having to nurse my younger brother. My father was a kind of building contractor, or contractor's foreman, making first-rate wages, hardly ever less than a pound a day, that is to say, when ho did, or would, work, which was only occasionally, for, although I say it, he was a bruto, who drank all ho could earn, and often left my poor mother and us children without food or firo. " Ab I told you, I never had hut three weeks' schooling, for bofore I was nine years of ago I had. to go to work at the buildings,, you may think how little I was, whon I tell you that tho bricklayers' labourers used to carry mc up as high as thrco storeys in thoir hods. My father used usually to tako my money, and oven at that ago I used to walk as much as four oriivo miles at night, through tho mud and rain it might bo, to earn a few penco tlirown into tho ring by putting on tho gloves for tho edification of tho blackguard denizens of a low boxing saloon. " Ah I it was a hard life, but it svas either that, or no food maybe, at homo. Well/there was ouo good thing, it taught mo ono thing that I never forgot, how to take my own part, aud although you know I'd rather run a, inilo than light is minuto, it has stood ma in ex cellent stead more than once. " Well, amongst knooks, nod kicks, and cuff;!, and hardships, I grosv up, and was soon couuted good at my trade, a plasterer, until, strange to say, at sixteen (although I looked more) I wns mado foreman over a largo job, 1 at Jfall men's wages. Then it was I found out tho necessity (I could barely read and write), Bo i; l*:go[i;fa'tf ss old Irish labourer who had fccen oated to tench mo arithmetic, and how .-to measure tip quantities/; ";?-',;:?;:- SSii&'i "I also used to pay half-a-c?pwn to learn drawing and applied gepmdtry, and# to my snrprise and delight was made amerii?p ; ber of the Koyal Academy, having examination in the construction'o£ ? spir£vl\'£:; staircfraes, a subject which, very I had just been studying, and in which I well np. Then I devoted myself to:;mode£i;| ling, and beoamo looked upon as so 'that Iwaa ohosen to go to Oaborno: Housej'SS the Queen's residence in the Isle of superintend some work for Prince Albert,' -WlipSfi ?was a good modeller himseli, and yeiy eular. Many a , - time I've had a chat *withf? him, and a nice affable gentleman he wasiH^ ? tOO. ??????,..????? ???? ?.?"?? ?'?''?'???'??"...?.? 'WiW^ " Alter that I started busineas on my own'fs account, arid did fairly well, until haying;;'? made a little money, nothing would do for but that I must come but to make my fortune at gold digging, about which' ?2 all England waa mad at the time. /\ ; ? ; ? '?" I never shall forget my first night bourno in 1853.: It-was a miserably wet andM cold night, and I couldn't get accommodation*;? high or low, that is, at any respeotable-look-st? ing hotel, and as r had over two hundred J pounds on mc, I didn't feel inclined to trust;'S myssif in any other. You know the 'stato;pf "i% Melbourne greets after dark in those days; and I knew it too that if it had been thought;i; J I had so much money on mc I should moat 0< certainly have been robbed and murdered, for tho place was infested with ft:; gangs of ruffians from the ' other side,' and ?? with all the riff-rafi.and gaol sweepings Europe,-so you; may imagine that I did not ;'2; feel very easy in my mind. However, going; ''.- along Elizabeth-street, I saw over a pavm-V'i broker's door a name that seemed familiar,; \v that of Browning,, and in I went; Td:rhyi'|: joy I found that the worthy pawnbroker was £:? oho who had lived near my father's and with whom I had had many transactions,"^; J in which various chattels, ranging from, flat-?££ irons to under-linen, figured prominently." '3s Here tha obliging pawnbroker took my money ; |S in pledge, and to a certain extent, myself top; !.;?: for he allowed mc to stop the night in a little i;. , ';- - ; baok room, where he oarefully looked me'in.;':;; However, I calmly pocketed T the picion, glad enough to get shelter and safety'-yj on any terms. , ??.??"?.'?'?? ?'? ? "Lord! Lord I What a place was in thbso days to be sure. I sometimea.'is' half wonder if, after all, it can bo true, if it;J,p isn't some kind of a wild dream I've had; : f ; |; The mad, mad excitement, tho wealth, the; , ;';;' shameless vice, the crims, the open orgies, Wβ tho restless, reckless, unceasing stir bustle. The red or blue-shirted and bronzed and . ? bearded diggers, driving at full gallop through ;/??? the streets in open carriages, accompanied'.by[i:V-S' brazon and blowsy female creatures, resplenv'W dent in gorgeous silks and velvets, and:?? poisoning the air with: profane oaths, a,hd;;K| drunken obscenity. The magnificent stores and shops, cheek-by-jowl with ramshackle ?5| shanties, the crowded bars, the noisy ?riigMSg; auctions, the rush to acquire wealth, and greater rush to squander it. All this etamped v ; r?: Melbourne, the mushroom Melboutoer4a';a'y.?v. place whoso like had never been seen and will, in all probability, never bqEaan;?!'* again. ..' '. ? ?? '?'.'?? ?'. '. : :;..?:-/??:';: vv " ? I did not remain long in the metropolis,/;-;?* for, although the very day atter I had I had an offer of no less than four pounds a fw day to work at my trader—l4iad-fl6t..ooma--?5i.? half way round the world to ba a mechanic—;/,'; J besides which I had made one of a party of. W five of the ship's passangers to try our for-; , -J tunes on the gold fields.'. -"A: w^ "Wo therefore bought a dray and hprseiVa; tents, stores,' and other diggers' and started away for the long, dreary to Ballarat, where, however, as we were not;;{';i : very lucky; wo did not stay long, being incited;:;;;;? to go further afield by the constant reports of :K-;? rich finds, most of them without foundation, '?s£ to tho westward-. ... ' "' ??.'?Vi P'.'''?s. "So to tho westward, or rather to "thatjiq north-westward we started, havirig_ no pa*ticu- [:;0 lar placo in view, but with the intentiori- cf; f? moving onward, proapecting from tune aa we thought advisable. At first' were very unlucky, on account, in all probai-:. ; bility, of not understanding our ! as*ys' we were allnew chumsV-r . ' :? ' : :v :, ' : " "But after a eouplo of months; spent hera v w and there, the fioklp goddeas smiled on us/'f: ; t "It was in this way. We had camped .;;;j:; shortly before Bundown bua evening, rigged v. , - \--the tent, made up a fire, had our supper, and-v;;'; turnod in for the night, having tied up our;-.;'. horse to a small gum bush, there being no ; : ; ; large trees reasonably near. It was'fine, but ';is cloudy, when we turned in, but at about mid-? night the wind changed, and brought up a ; S:i; terrible storm of rain, with thunder and v :S;'i lightning. It was one of those sudden torn-";:;? pests that occasionally occur in the Australian; *-.& bush, and the rain, while it lasted, was about;. ?>? tho heaviest I over knew. However, we had .| r ;V trenched round our tent, and lay snug and .;.; warm enough until morning, when, it being I) my turn to make up the fire, I ro3e,,disconsp-;'" i -'i : lately jenough, at daybreak. The sky wa3 ir.;; dull and gloomy enough and although] thi worst of the rain was over, there was Btill nasty drizzle falling. '"?"?;?''??','.?}? .-'???,=?* , " Tho first thing I saw on leaving the! teht-M was that our horse had got away during thp ?: ; ;f night, and this was not an event calculated to*"?: improve one's temper. From what I could:; ?;.'' see as well as_l could make out in the hal£ -lit light, he had, probably,half frightened by lightning, dragged the bush up by tho roots,. ; >< : and made for the distant timber. After a, Jβ? considerable expenditure of pationce.ingehuity,'; ? 4* and grumbling, I contrived, by chopping up :*? an entire: porter case and a spare candle box, to get a firo alight; and setting on tho billy went back to the root hole to see by the hoof marks which way the horso had strayed. >: ; ; "By thia timo it was daylight, and there I ; :.;';', saw weight which, for the moment, sot my -?'> blood running cold, for there in tho holel,';' saw, as thick as plums in a pudding, shining ;;ff, out from the wet soil, nuggets and spooks of j'-;;: the precious ore wb had como bo far .to , steaki-;!?£: ,At first I could not believe it. It seemed top '£? good to be true. Yot there it was sure enojughJ:/if Nuggets largo, and nuggets small, eizo of a pinhead to that of a bean, a few j'| larger than that. : "I said nothing, but knelt down in sodden earth, and in half an hour had gatli-^'; ered up a pannikin full from thia undoubted 'jeweller's ahop.' "? Then, and not till did I awake my mate 3.* They woco crpsa cold, and didn't seem muoh inolined to move:.;g:S \--1 I'll wako you up presontly, my lads, muoh mistaken, , thought I. ; : ????';'-.; . "'la it raining yet ?' said one. "'Yes.' '?' ," ;?;. .' ?"?'? : ? ?" "? : : >>''i\osl, "' Ah I billy boiling ?' said another; "'Yea.and the horso got away during: thp'ffn night.' ' ".'..;?; ?. ?'''?'?? ''?'.'???''C\/. : r3 % . ?' ' Confound the horso and tho .raid too.' i ? <jj "'Don't confound either the horse or tho rain, for both have' done for us what wo Vf? oouldn't do for 'ourselves—look; here, , and -?f"? with that I Bhowed.them tho treasure I had; : ; ;: picked up. '.\\.. ?"?''?. ;'; .. ? " ; ;-'-'; " Jack Payne jiunped up with a bound that:;;; nearly brought tho wet teat down about our '?'?'. ears, and tbo othors did not wait loug after ;; him. ?;?' ??'???.''..' . " .' '' ? '????.?"?/.; " We had struck a patch, and no iiiistakc, ? : : for wo could find gold, moro or loea, in every ; part of the fiat we tried for it. ' ; " You may imagipo we lost not no tiinpin: '?.?>; marking off our giouud, und I was sout down to Ballarat to secure it,.and to obtain etortis. : (CojiTZOTEU ON-BACK PAOE.) 'You may also imagine that wo wero not long " without company, for the nows went abroad ;by soino lnystoroun anil unaccountable tole graphy liko wildfire, lindltn less than a week there were fives thousand diggors on tho field, .iind a township, with stoten, hotcle, nnd nil tho other appurtenances of a gold field's town ship hnd sprung up in the wildornoas. "That was tho start ot tho Fiery Oroek diggings. , . " The usual Htato of things followed. Rowdyism, blasphomy, drunkenness, con tinual fighta, formed tho etuplo of the devil's game carried on from morning to nigbt. I candidly holiovo that tho worst lot of thieves, loafers, and genoral riff-raff that wna ovor aoon on any diggings was that assembled at tho start of l''icry Creek. Of courso thoro were plonty of quiet, rospcctablo, hard working men thoro too, and tboy, with tho nul of tho police, nnd of public opinion (for there was HUOii a thing nspublio opinion even thoro) kept, at least, a semblanco of order, although tho roughs tried very hard to rulo with tho right of might. " There was one great Blab- sided, power ful fellow, a Yankee, who with his mate, a hulking bruto from tho Sydnoy side, was the: terror of tho camp. He was an un mitigated bully and a thief to boot, as after events showed, and was nover so happy as when ho was picking a quarrel with nome inoffensive man who was not his match in strength or brutality. Ho tried it on with mo onco; hut .1 hadn't 3parred in tho ring a< nino years old for nothing, and before lie well know whero ho was, ho waa on his book in the, creok with a gashed ohcek, a split nose, and two broken ribs. His mate didn't inako any remarks, but got him away to their tont very quiotly,. Ho wna laid up for three wooks, and it was wonderful how meek ho was after that. " Well, we remained on , the creek four months, altogether, and we did. exceedingly woll. In fact, wo were all rich hion. Most of our gold we had sent away by tho escort, but at last the wandering fit doi/.ed us, and wo determined to start for Melbourne, and sec a little life, Wo had with U3 something like fivo hundred ounoca of gold, and wo know perfectly well how dangerous it would bo to carry it with us, and yot wo wanted, if wo j coill<l, to save tho escort duty. And now oatuo one of the most curious things I ever heard or know of, a thing which, if I didn't know to ba true, I could hardly believe. Jack Payne, who was a carponter by trade, took the box off the dray, and on tho top of the axle-bod or part of tho ehaft under tho box, hang mo if ho didn't out a groove, and in it placed tho gold wrapped up in a chamois leather, like a eauangc, closing up the holo with a pieco of wood so cleverly cut as not to allow tho joint to bo seeu. The whoels wero then taken off 'for a blind,' as ho said, and oiled, and the entiro affair bolted together again. " Clover, wasn't it ? Oh, yes, wonderfully , clover 1 Hut you shall hear. Wo loft Fiery Creek, and being a strongish party, ond, moreover, boing known to bo well ?armed, wore nevor molested, although hardly n day passed without small parties, or solitary travellers, being stuck up, and robbed or mal treated. In duo course wo got to tho Keilor Plains, and camped one night on tho Toolcrn Creek. We had finished tea, and wero sitting yarning round tho fire, when wo were awaro of two men coming towards us. '*' ' Good ovoning, mates," said ono of them. "' Good evening.' "'Going up or down.' "'Just come down, and bound for Mel bourne,' said I. ii i ?\y e ' VG just made a start from Melbourne,' "said tho new comer,' and intended to camp on this creek, but the whcoL of our dray i broko down half a milo down tho road, and seeing your fire, wo camo to_ sco who yeu wore.. Wo'vo left our mates with tho dray.' "' Broko down are you, that's a pity.' "' Well yes, it is a pity. Wo shall have to tako tho wheel baok ovor four miles, and it's i tho loss of timo we'ro thinking about.' " ' Wove got a nico little dray here,' I Raid ' wo don't particularly want it; and wo might make a deal if yon like, for timo is no parti cular objeat to us.' " Woll tho long and short of it was that wo did niakc a make a deal tho noxt day. Wo exchanged drays, we receiving twenty pounds to booi and taking the broken dray; not a bad bargain we thought, although! ours was a better ono though not bo big as thoirs had , over been. "In the course of conversationthoy told us that they wero not bound for any particular place, and asked us if wo could lay them on. to a good spot, and wo informed them whore we had just come from, that we had done well, and advised them to try it, and to tako a par ticular direction if they could not find a spot on tho flat itself. And so wo parted, they towards Ballarat, wo to Melbourne. " Now I never was particularly enamoured of d'Gging life, and as I had determined to re main in Melbourne, and had a pretty round sum of money, I cast about mo, and at last determined to become a bonifaco. I found a good hotel in the market, situated opposite the wharf, and there I went into business. It wad not what you'd call a first class house, my principal oustomors being sailors and lurapors, and diggers arriving by tho stoamors ; still it paid, and paid well. '_' In due course, and when thoy had had thoir spin, my four mates camo to mo, having lodged JD. certain amount of thoir money in my hands, for a goneral squaring up, as they thought of making a fro3h start. " ' I wonder how those chaps aro doing wo Sold our dray to?' I said, in tho course of general conversation. "' Dray I' exclaimed Jack Payne, jumping up, and his face turning white as a shcot. 4 Oh Lord I' "' What's tho matter,' said wo surprised. "' Mattor, , ho gasped;' why don't you re member tho fivo hundred ounces wo hid in the axle bed.' -. " Wo stared at one another as if wo had collectively seen a ghost. Strange, almost Incredible to rolate, not ono of us had ovor thought about it until that instant. How we could possibly havo forgotton it, I know not, but wo had. There was no mistako about , that. It was gone, fivo hundred ounces, say two thousand pounds in round numbers, four hundred pounds a man, and all wo had got was twenty pounds, and a dray with a patched / wheel. Eeoriminationwasoutofthoquestion, becauso we wore all equally to blame. Thoro was no use in crying over spilled milk; so with a rogretful sigh, wo wiped it off tho slato " And now, knowing as you do,- tho state of Victoria at that time, comes tho etill moro in > credible part of the story. My four mates started up?ondigo way, I preferring to remain in Molbourno, but being a sleeping partner in the conocrn. I didn't see them again for nearly twelve months, and when I did they . staggered mc a little. They drove down in . the evening ono day, and didn't say much that night about what they had been doing, al though I could not help romarking that thoy kept chuckling and laughing, as if somo groat joke wero under way. " Nest day wo wero all up early, and Jack Payno and Bill Thomas asked mo to stop into tho yard and look at tho now horse and dray. "' Why that,' I exolaimod,' is no now horse, surely. It's old Boxer, isn't it ?' " Tho dray, although one dray is so much liko another, seemed strangely familiar, and I said, 'Good heavens J you don't mean to say that you've got tho dray book, and tho—' " They broko into a burst of laughter, and Bill Thomas explained in this wise : "' Of course when wo loft hero we'd nover no hopes of every eeeing either dray or gold again, and had given it up for a bad job. We warn't doing mush either, and had been knocking about Bendigo, Kangaroo Flat, Eaglehawk, and so on, till we got tired. So at last wo started for tho Molvor. Tho second day after wo got there, I was going to tho butcher's for Homo meat, when, what should I sco, tipped up closo to a hole, but a dray that I thought 1 recognised somehow, although it was smothered up in yellow clay, fcjaya I to Jack, hem, ' bothered if I don't think that's thu very dray us wo want. , 'Nonsense, , says ho. 'Noii?enso or true scn?o, , says I, 'I'm jigger'd if I don't believe it is.' ' Well, , nays he,' that's easily found out. If you think bo, go up and find out who's got it, and whero they got it.' So I wont up pcrmiscoue like, to tho hqjo, and gottalkiu', 'I think I've mot you atpro Bomowlioro, , sayii I, to onoof tho chaps, i' Was you over atuok up at Koilor with a broken wheel ?' ? Tho chap ho looks at mo very dry, and says ho, 'Yes, wo was, and wo was directed to go to Fiory Creek. Wo went, too, and done woll. I wish I oould find tho man aR told us to go there.'. ' Would you know him if you see him,' says I \' I would that, and shout tho beat in tho oamp for him, too, if it cost mo a fiver.'. So I goes down to. Jack, for you know it was Jnck and you as dopo all the talkin', and ar'st him to atop up. Soon as over tho bloko seen him, ho comes out o'ithe holo, and blow'd if I didn't think ho was agoin , for to kiss him; ho wag so glad, and Lord I what fl night wo did have, to bo euro. Ho wanted us to sling in with thoir party, nnd maybe wo might, only wo had an other gamoon. Lor', whatagamoit was. Bays Jnbk, says ho, ' I b?s you've got tho eamo dray wq sold you that day.' ' Yea,' eaya tho cove, ? wo was thinking about gettin' another ; a big ger ono if wo could, and sollin this. In fact, w4s goin* into Bendigo to advertise in tho pn,pora to-morrow. 1 ' Why for tbo matter o , thjtU,' says Jack. ' Wo'vo got your old dray, that's bigger than this, and wo might make a deal.' So tho long and short of it was that tho ohap seen hie mates, and thoy agreed to change back again, wo giviu' thoin ton pound on the bargain, and hero wo aro with tho old dray back again, and tho bag of gold nevor toiichod, nor suspected, and it that's not a stroke of good luok,, I'm blossed if I know what is." " You can naturally imagine that I waa not a little gratified at the fortunate termination of what had been a serious lors, for, although wo ware all pretty well in, myself best of ell, etill thp losh o( four hundred pounds a man, through a pieco of stupid carelessness, or for- Rctfumoss, was not the oott of thing calou lnted to mako a man fool r.leaiwid with him self or hie mates, and although wo had made up; our minds, ns porforco wo might, to grin and boar it, still wo all bad folt inexpressibly chagrined at our own stupidity. " That was, I may safoly say, my first and last oxporionco of gold mining, for although I was?lcening partner for years, furnishing expe ditions 'with all necessities and money, and taking a certain risk for my vonturo, I novor wont up tho couutry again. In fact I may say that, except ono trip as far as Adelaide, when wo run ashore and wero wrecked on King's Island, and wore navod by tho ekin of our teeth, I'vo hardly ovor been out of Mel bourno sinco. "Ah well a day 1 times have alterod sinco tho old days, when monoy was made freely and spent as freely. In thoso times a man might bo down in tho dirt ono day, and up in the Btirrups next. Now, when hoe down ho may stop down, it eoom? to mo. " Why, I've scon tho timo when I'vo got up thoroughly miserable in tho morning because I couldn't find nn investment to put my money into, and I'vo boon just as miserable whon I'vo found tho invoetmont and not had tho money. AH'b ono for that. But hero coniGs -the Missis to tell us ioa is getting ready, my pipe's out, and I'm getting thirsty with talking, so I propose wo finish my yarn, if yarn you may call it, with a tasto of this ex cellent brandy and water, a capital thing after that pudding loan-tell you, and a smoke in tho gardon. By that timo tho youngsters will hnye got homo, and wo can go inside and finish tho ovening." And so wo did. 