"CONFUSION." ( This eccentric comedy, is from the ' pen of Mr. Joseph Derrick, an author ( new to the literary and dramatic ) world of London. It was first pre- \ sentcd on the stage at a special matinee / performance given at the Vaudeville . Theatre, Strand, London, on ine i afternoon of tho 17th of May, 1883, / on which occasion the parts were filled . by the following ladies and gentlemen : \ Misses Kate Bishop, Sophie Larkin, Katie Lee, and Emma Ritta, Messrs. Phillip Day, O. Grove, J. W. Piggott, F. Desmond, and Fred Thorne. It was immediately pronounced a " brilliant success " by the bulk of the London newspapers. » » The London Times, of May 18 th 1883, writes in most favorable terms of the production. It says : — "Anew . eccentric comedy, by Mr. Joseph. Derrick, was produced with very considerable success yesterday after noon, at the Vaudeville Theatre, under the title of "Confusion.-" The subject, though slight, is treated in -a thoroughly humorously manner. Tho ' confusion ' referred to' arises from a pug dog and a baby being surrepti tiously introduced into a young house hold,- the one by the 'mistress who sighs for and longs for a domestic pet, and the other by the housemaid who is secretly married to the butler. Out of' this situation, however, the a.uthor, has contrived to extract lots of fun ' from the multiplicity of farcical . misunderstandings between husband and- wife, and bachelors and spinsters which ,keeps.the house . in merriment for some two hours. The dialogue ' is lively, spaakling; and free, without a. tinge of vulgarity, and altogether the . comedy is considered as an unusually smart production. The author, though at .present' 'unknown in London, is .bound to. make his mark as. a dramatic author." ! I #.. . . # l # ' .! The summer season, at the Vaude ville, with Mr. Thomas Thorne as the lessee ,'and manager, commenced on the 16th of July, 1883, and the opening play was . "Confusion," supported by the' following ladies and gentlemen :— Misses . . Winnifred Emery, Laura :Villiers, Kate Phillips, and Sophie Larkin, Messrs. C. Glenny, C. Groves, J. 'R; '.'Crawford, Henry Akhurst, VV. Lestocq, and Fred Thorne. The comedy was performed nightly for over twelve months to crowded houses. A London authority : states that ( 'the great' and intricate drama, . . " Claudian,,' is likely to be produced in Australia as Mr. James Dewhurst. ( who has been playing Holy Clement in . " Claudian " -through the English " provinces, intends after the run of ( " Hamlet " at the Princess', in which . he essays the part of The Ghost, to ' take Messrs. "Willis and Merivale's ( famous . di'airia on. a tour of. of the . Colonies. Mr. Leonard Boyne, will, ' if possible, be eiigaged for the title ( role. / Young Australia.— "Father," ex- / claimed the' hopeful son and heir of. a gentleman of our acquaintance, not ( long since, while the latter was con- / gratulating the youth upon liis j smartness in his scholastic studies— I the youngster having attained eight J years of age — "Father, I'm an Aus« ' ) tralian, ain't I?" — "Yes, h\y boy,, f you are," responded the ' delightful J parent. — " Well, father, you aint, are N you?"- — "Not by, birth, my son."— i "Well, then," exclaimed young "J Australia, in a thoughtful manner, \ " when I grow up to be a man, I will r be able to lick two like you— won't I?" , j — The proud parent's answer is not \ recorded. , , ( It is said Henry VIII. never popped ( the question! 'He married his wives ( . first, and axed them afterwards. l Irish Arithmetic.— A jolly set of ) Irishmen, boon companions and sworn ) brothers, had made up their minds to ( leave the "old. sod,", and wend their J . way to Ameriky. They were five in S number— two Paddies, one Murphy, f one Dennis, and one Teague. It so ) happened, that the vessel they were \ to go in could only take four of them, f At length honest Teague exclaimed, J "Arrah! I have it. We'll cast lots \ to see who shall remain." But one of f the Paddies swore it was not jointeel J todothatthing. "You know Teague," \ said he, " That I am an arathmatician, ( and I can work it out by the rule of ) substraction, which is a great deal \ better. But you must all agree to ( abide by the figures." All having ) pledged themselves to do so, Pat ( proceeded — "Well, then, take Paddy / from Paddy you can't, but take \ Dennis from Murphy, and Teague ( remains. By my soul, Teague, my / jewel, and it's you that can't go." S Self- Applause. — Franklin when he / was ambassador to France, being at a ) meeting of a literary society, and riot ( . well understand ing the French wlien / declaimed', '' determined ' to'A applaud j when he saw a lady of his acquaintance ( express satisfaction. When they had / ceased,' a; little ohild,' who understood ' ) the French, said to him — "But, ( grandpapa, you always applauded the / loudest when they were praising you !" ) Franklin laughed heartily and ex- ( plained the matter. ) 