wimBXh MEwa. Communication on the West Australian telegraph line is interrupted beyond Bremer Bay, but it is expected to be speedily restored. According to a telegram from Shanghai, dated February 4, posted in the General Post-cffice, the Japanese lines are interrupted beyond Shigoroseki. Messrs. Harrold Brothers have been advised that their liner, Collingwood, which sailed from Kingston for London, arrived at her destination on Monday in time for the February wool sales. A fire occurred on Monday Dight on the premises occupied by Mr. H. Wallace, at Engel's Corner, Norwood, and which is used as a firewood yard. The sheds, which were used as stables, were completely destroyed. A notification from Berne posted in the General Post-office states that " the telegraph cable frcm Suez to Sonakim is open for inter colonial service. The tariff is that of Egypt with the addition of lid. per word. Secret language telegrams are inadmissable. We have receied a letter from Mr. James Pitt, giving seme particulars with reference to the recent fire at M3gil, which do not agree with those given iu our report in yes terday's issue snd taking exception to jaome statements contained in the report, but as the matter will be enquired into officially to morrow when an inquest will be held, it is hardly worth while to into the subject. Our Yankalilla correspondent writing oa February 4, says A very sad calamity has befallen the family cf Mr. James McKay, residing at Hay Flat. Hi3 son, a fine promis ing youth in the employ of the Government survey party here, went yesterday in company with another of the party on to the rocks bordering the sea coast between Cape Jervis and a place known as the " Blow Hole," and whilst there they were washed off and John McKay was drowned. His body was re covered to-day. Great sympathy is felt for the bereaved iamily in their terrible affliction. A correspondent informs us that an attempt was made last night to set fire to the timbsr yard of Messrs. Cowell Brothers, Sydenham road, Norwood, A market gardener who was passing between 2 and 3 o'clock in the morn ing discovered the fire, and it was extin guisbed before aDy damage had been done It was then found that the flames had been caused by a piece of burning wood around which several pieces of rag were wrapped and which appeared to have been placed there with the intention of causing a fire and the consequent destruction Of the timber yard, and probably of one adjoining. The police have been communicated with, and are prose cuting enquiries. It is a most fortunate' thing that the fire was discovered before it had got a hold, as with two timber yards so ciose to gether the consequences would have been most disastrous had it once got the mastery. Vtie deaths of no less than three eminent men— L<1 languished in his own par ticular L&e;^-are reported by our London correspondent.- A notice of M. Bouher, the celebrated Buon^paHist statesman, will be found in another co.Vunn. Wendell Phillips was three years older tfian M. Bouher, and eight years younger than Abraham Hay ward, the third on the obituary list, named having attained the age of 81 years. Phillips early identified himself with the movement which resulted in the emancipation of the slaves, and was one of the most popular orators America ever possessed. Hayward, on the other baud, was more of a writer than a speaker, although as a Queen's Counsel he was often called upon to use his tongue with (ffect. Unlike Phillips, he identified himself with no central leadingidca, the emancipation o? the masses, at which belabored all hi3 life, being more an emancipation from dullness and ennui than from actual chains. In this, however, he was extremely successful, as. all who have read his splendid prose translation of Daunt and his numerous chatty essay.? and reviews will admit. Of late years the elegant litterateur has been reposing on well-earned laurels. Mr. T. P. Jones held an enquiry into the cause of death of Albert Thompson, who fell down the Government well at Mount Brown Creek on January 30 and was killed. John Nolan said he saw deceased at Mr. M. Smith's place on the morning of his death. Deceased bad three nobblers of rum, and then went to the well with witness. He was the worse for drink, and Mr. Thos. Smith told him to go away and lie down, but he re fused to do so. As witness and Smith were drawing water deceased came close to the well, when his foot caught in the trough near the opening and he fell head first into the welL Thomas Smith said thBt Thomp son was helping to draw water. Asked hi in to go away, as he was frightened he would slip into the well. He wa3 about half diui'.k. Deceased stumbled over the trough near the brink of the well, and fell head first in as the bucket was being drawn up. In formed the police, and assisted in recovering the body. Mounted-constable PantOD, of Wiiwirgton, said on hearing that a man was down the Government well near Minbodogie Creek he proceeded to the spot and got the body up. Found a wound about 2 inches ltDg on top of the skull, through which the brain was to be seen. The neck appeared to be dislocated. There were som8 wounds on the body which witness said were made by the drags that were used in searching for the body. A verdict of accidental death wa3 returned. An inquest was held before Mr. Char. Price at the Yalpara head station on Satur day, February 2, on the body of William Arkland, whodied from the effect of a gun shot wound on the day before. Mr. B. E. Ragless said that while sitting in the dining room at the station he heard a shot fired, and running out saw John Adams with a gun in his bands. The deceased was close by in a stooping posture, with his hand on his abdomen. Witness and two others assisted the wounded msn, and washed and dressed his in juries, which appeared to have been caused by shot. Heard Adams, who was standing by, exclaim "Mr. Hag less, I did not do it on purpose." Did not know if the gun which Adams was holding in his hand at the time, and not at bis shoulder, was loaded or not, nor who used it la3t. Liiiau Rigless said she heard the report of a gun. Before this she saw deceased, who appeared to be larking with Adams. The latter had a gua with him, but witness took no notice of this, as she thought that he intended to sho w it to deceased. On hearing the shot ran out, and heard Adams exclaim, " Oh, good God, it was loaded." Deceased was in a stooping posture. On her accusing him of shooting Ackland Adams said, "Mrs. Ilagless, I never meant to do it." Deceased was five or six yards away from Adams. Ellen Culley corroborated this testimony. Ernest Rumble stated that he was one of those who assisted Ackland. Hear Adams say to deceased, " Don't think I did it on purpose," to which deceased replied, "I know you did not." On another occasion heard the injured msn say he did not biarne Adams, and that it wa3 an accident. Dr. Clark said be found deceased suffering from a gunshot wound in the abdomen. Counted the marks of thirteen pellets, some of which had penetrated deeply. The charge had evidently hit him sideways. Pronounced the injury to be fatal on account of internal bleeding, which was the cause of death. Mounted-constable Cahiil said he could ascer tain nothing to justify a suspicion that de ceased was wilfully shot by Adams. Decea-ied said Adams put a cap on the gun in order to i.-ighUD him, because he was throwing peach stones at Lira in a playful way. The jury returned a verdict of manslaughter against Adams, who roade no statement, and was committed for trial. The following shows the state of the Murray, Murrumbidgee, and DariiDg rivers, &e.f; at 9 a.m. on Tuesday morning, Feb ruary 5 -Wagga Wagga, 10 inches; Gun dagai, Hay, Moulamr-in, Balranald, Naomi, Barwon, Walgett, Brewarrina, Bourke, Tilpa, Wilcannia, Menindie, Pooncarie, summer levels; Wentworth, 2 feet 4 inches Albury, 1 foot 4 inches ; Wahgunyah, 1 foot 6inches; Euston, 2 feet5 inches; Overland Corner, 4 feet 4 inches. The following shows the quantity of rain fall for the twenty-four hours ending at 9 a.m, on Tuesday, February 5, at the under mentioned stations Port Darwin, 0 050; Yam Creek, 0 300 ; Daly Waters, O'oOO. Mr. Joseph Fisher was a passenger by i,he M.M. steamer Melbourne, whieii left for Marseilles on Monday. In future the Adelaide S.S. Company's steamers that leave for Melbourne direct will call at Gienelg en route, taking a filial depar ture from there at S p.m. The full pilotage fees of the steamer Ade laide on her first arrival at Port Adelaide, amounting to £5 lis. Id. have been handed to us by the associated pilots for the benefit of the Convalescent Home at the Semaphore. The following tenders were opened at the Architect-in-Ohief's office on Monday, Feb ruary 4 Erection of verandah, teacher's residence, T&nuuda;, twotenders, J. Basedow; ci'iciion of forag6-room, fcnciug, and sinking of well, Beltana police station, one tender. In order to facilitate the work in connec tion with the construction of the over way bridge", the City Council have agreed that tie Morphett-street crossing shall be closed to traffic for the space of two months. Drivers of vehicles will no w use the road by the City Baths, Mr. J. F. Harper, aide-de-camp to His Ex cellency the Governor, has resigned Lis posi tion, and will leave for Western Australia by the steamer Ofcway, which sails to-morrow. We understand that pressure of private busi ness is the reason of Mr. Harper's resigna tion. The local option debate committee, repre senting the fcjouth Australian Totai Absci nc-nce League, resolved to appropriate their Bbare of the net proceeds as follows Benevolent Strangers' Friend Society, £5 Is. Id.; City Mission, Home for Incurables, Deaf and Dumb Asylum, £2 2s.; total, £11 7s. Id. Visitors to the Government offices are now very much impressed with the improved ap pearance of the quadrangle, which is admira bly kept in order, well planted, and rendered \- quite attractive by its display of flowers. YVe understand that all this is due to the taste and industry of the caretaker, Mr. Benson, to whom the beautification of the ground under Lis charge is evidently a labor of love. The following is a return of the number of actions commenced, heard, and determined in the Local Court. Adelaide, during the years 1S82 and 1SS3In 1SS2 there were 11,455 summonses issued, the amount sued for being £17G,S02 lis. 5d. Verdicts were ob tained for £15,G43 lis. lid., and judgments by default amounted to £44,117 Is. Causes tried before a jury, 9; appeals confirmed, 3; dismissed, 7; abandoned, 2. In 1SS3 there were 12,745 summonses issued, the amount sued for being £223,31S 2s. 7d. Verdicts were obtained for £18,518 19s. 2-3., and judg reents by default amounted to £54,GS7 2s. Id. Causes tried before a jury, 20; appeals con firmed, 3; dismissed, 14; abandoned, 0. An extraordinary general meeting of share holders of the Adelaide and Hyde Park Tramway Company was held at the office of the secretary of the company (Mr. G. X. Lane), King William-street, on Monday at noon. There was a small attendance of shareholders, and the chairman of direc tors (Hon. G. W. Cotton, M.L.C.) pre sided. A motion to the effect that it was desirable for the directors of the company to make application during the next session of Parliament for power to construct a line of tramway through Victoria-square to the company's present stand, opposite the General Post-Office, moved by the chairman, was carried unanimously. It was further decided, that the articles of association should be altered so as to allow the reduction in number of the board of directors from five (,0 three members. The? .directors of the Adelaide and Hyde Park Trail? way Company intend, it is said, to apply to Parliament for power to carry their line otffi* the_ newly- made road in Victoria-square. IPn® matter was discussed by the City Council Oil Monday, when it was decided by a large majesty to enter a minute authorising the town elerir iO use every means to prevent such a concesBlotf granted by Parliament. A meeting of the Land Reform Association was held st Mr, Henry'a office on Monday j \ afternoon. The Hon. G. W. Cotton was ap pointed chairman, Mr. T. Johnson, M.P., and Mr. Wheeler rice-chairmen, Mr. E. A. D. Opie treasurer, and Mr. James Hftles secre tary and librarian pro tem. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Henry for the energy and zeal he had displayed in the formation of the Land Reform Association. Mr. Henry sent in his resignation as a committeeman. Some juveniles at Port Adelaide for want cf something better to do on Saturday after noon, February 2, amused themselves by lightings fire under the offices belonging to Mr. 1). Rower, M..P., on the Corporation wharf. Fortunately the smoke was seen, and the flames were put out before any damage was done to the property. This wharf, which is leased by Mr. Rower, is covered with large stacks of timber from the Baltic, which must have been totally de stroyed had the flames or.ee secured a hold upon t, AleDgthy meeting of the Semaphore Cor poration was held on Monday evening, and a large amount of business was got through. AmoDgst other matters it was resolved to have a complete assessment of the town made, and an offer by the rate collector to do the work for £25 was accepted. The to wn sur veyor was instructed to make an estimate and to draw up plans and specifications for the w ork of extending the Semaphore Esplanade northwards to its junction with the one at Largs Bay. A code of by-laws was tabled, and its consideration was deferred to a special meeting. We learn from Messrs. Maedonald, Carey, and Walton, who are making a tour oE New Zfaland with "Youth," "The Lights of London," and other pieces recently pre sented in Adelaide, that they opened at Dunedin on BoxiDg Night, and did three weeks' grand business with " Youth," and fol lowed on with "Lights o' London." The weather had been " something terrible—one continuous downpour," but the business was very encouraging notwithstanding the severity of the elements. The company were to go on to Oamaru and Timaru, and would open in Christchurch on February 4, In connection with the model of the break of gauge apparatus invented by Mr. S. Ha wke, of Kepundft, which was shown at the office of the Commissioner of Public Works on Friday last, we are informed that Mr. Mais, the Engineer-in- Chief, having inspected the ap paratus, has pronounced it to be the best for the purpose he has seen, and that Mr. Thow, the locomotive superintendent, endorses this opinion. It is probable that in a short period it will be practically tested with full-sizsd trucks. It will be remembered that Mr. Mais was commissioned by the Government to report on such appliances during his re cent trip through Europe and America, "A new experiment in rabbit extermina tion is being tried in the Riveriaa district,," states the Melbourne Argus of February 2, "For the past six months the mail steamers have been bringing out from Ceylon large consignments of mongooses, watch have been turned loose in the rabbit infested plains of the border country. Hp to the present it is believed that the animals have done good service ia destroying the pest; but sufficient time has not yet elapsed to produce any very decisive results. The R.M.S. Ro3etta shipped 340 mongooses at Colombo, Over 100 died on the voyage, but when the re mainder arrive at their destination the total number imported will have been between 700 and ECO. In addition to their liking for rabbits, mongooses have a decided partiality for snakes, and this will probably be of great service ak n in the districts where they are being acclimatised. The annual dinner given to the employes by the directors of the Gienelg Rail way Com pany was held at the Jetty Hotel, Gienelg, on Monday evening. There was a fair atten dance, and the chairman of directors (Mr. T. Craves) presided. After the loyal toasts, the chairman proposed "Prosperity to the town and trade of Gienelg," to which. Mr. Bickford suitably responded. In giving the tcrnst of "Success to the GlcneJg Railway Company," the chairman said the directors still had great faith in the success of the railway. The last half-year's balance-sheet showed that the railway was making no progress, and the directors felt that some alteration in the manage ment should be made. A new manager (Mr, (juain) was appointed, and he be lieved him to be a good man for the position. There were three courses open to the manager. He could leave the railway in the position in which it stood, keep all the men on and reduce their wages, or he could discharge a certain number of employes and give the re mainder a good wage for a good day's work. The latter course the manager adopted and the directors thoroughly believed that was the best way out of the difficulty. The direc tors had to thank the men for the extra efforts they had made during the recent holidays, when there was a deal of traffic on the line. The directors had confidence in the future woiking of the railway, and he trusted the shareholders would soon be able to get some interest on their investments in the company's shares. All had their little diffi culties, but if the men followed their instruc tions they would be overcome. The "Board of Directors," the "Officers," and other toasts wer6 honored, and a pleasant evening was spent. The institution of Archdeacon Farr, LL, D., as incumbent of St. Luke's Church, Adelaide, took place in the church on Monday evening, February 4. There was a very large congre gation. After an impressive service Bishop Reunion gave an address, basiDg his re marks on the following text:—"Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God which he hath purchased with His own blood."— Acts, xx., 28. These words, his lordship re marked, must have a deep interest for any clergyman, reminding him as they did of the terrible responsibilities of bis duties and the magnitude of the issues involved in his work. Great, however, was the hope inspired, for Re who set the standard was the very one who could give and would give them power whereby to attain it. God never repented of His gifts. He never drew them back again. He did not give that at one time to the church which He denied afterwards, and if they bad Dot more of the spirit of God within them it was not that the Holy Ghost lacked power, but it was because they themselves had not believed in God's gifts, and had not acted up to the example which had been set them. Seeing that the Holy Ghost had made them His overseers, how anxiously, ho w prayerfully, and with what self-sacrifice should they de termine to carry out His work. Having enlarged on the duties of a pastor to his con gregation, his lordship concluded an eloquent address by enjoining the congrega tion to help their pastor in every way that lay in their power to advance the kingdom of Christ. The Rev. A. G. Rawstorne (bishop's chaplain), l)ean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat theRev.M. M. Whitton, and the Rev. Messrs. Ives and Ward took part in the service, and the keys of the church were presented to Archdeacon Farr by Messrs. A. S. Jepson (minister's warden) and T. Hall (people's warden), Mr. Warirurat ably presided at the organ. Mr. Wjbert Reeve arrived by steamer from Melbourne on Monday to make arrange ments for his dramatic season, which com mences at the Theatre Royal on Monday next. The members of his company will come on by a later boat, and thi3 popular actor will no doubt meet with a generous raced of patronage during his stay here. An entertainment in aid of the widow and family of the late Captain George Yvorkman, who was washed off the fishing steamer Ariel, opposite Yar.kalilla, in November last, and drowned, was given at the Gienelg Institute on Monday evening. There wa3 a poor at tendance, but the entertainment, which con sisted of songs and recitations, was success fully csnied out. Miss Vandepeer sang "No sir"inavcrypleasingmannerand was recalled, when she sang a second time. The recitation by Mr. E. Reeves, " Clarence's dream," was loudly applauded. Master W. and Mr. A, Evctara were also very successful in their duet, "I would that my love," which was wtil received. Miss Bissett and Messrs. A. O. Bee'cscn, P. Wheelan, J. R. Morley, and Fleetwood also took part in the musical portion cf the programme. The entertain ment was concluded by the farce "The 'Turned Head," in which ike characters were well sustained by Messrs. H. AVilson, R. C. Grab-am, H. Walgr&ve;, G. E May, R. Morley, C. C. Presgrave, and Miss Vandepeer. The Rev. W. It. Hiddle.'.tone will give his song seivice, '-The Emancipated Slaves of America," a! the Baptist Church, aaagili, this evening A number of Gave songs will be sung by Mr. Hiddle stone, assisted by his choir. 