COUSIN TOM'S WEDDING. [Harper'» Toung People.] . IT vas to be io tbe church, with mnsio and flowers, and my brother Claude and I were to walk up tho middle aisle ' and lead the procession. "Now you must both put on your best behaviour," said mother, after we had worriod ourselves into our new clothes on the all important night ; then she kissed us just as if , wc d been going to bed, and sent us off to thé church an nour before the time. We. found the sexton just oponing the doors, and he let us go round with him while be lightened up, ana then I proposed tb&t; we ' Should stand outside and watch the people come. " I wonder if Cousin Tom feels nervous," said Claude, as wo walked ¿own the stops undor the awning. "I shouldn't think he would,, though, for you know doctors- But I say, Bert, what's the matter down the street there ti See all that orowd ? Let's run and find out." "Como on," I cried; I'll beat you there," and forgetting all about our good clothes and "belt ^behaviour," we both started off down tho block. "Oh, somebody's been run over, or some thing I I cxclaimod, os I won the race and found a lot of people bending over the form ot a man lying on the grass in front of the Baptist Church. , We both stood still for « minute, and I was ' trying to listen to what a gentleman next to me was telling a policeman, when Claude Ímlle's mo by tho sleeve and whispered that t might be the' vory case Cousin Tom, who had just graduated at tho Medical School, was waiting for. " Let's toll him about it 1" I cried. " Quick, before they get somebody else ;" and then wo both,,toro off, to his lodgings, around tho 'corner, and pulled the bell as if the house was nOra. ' I tell you, the girl came to the door in a hurry, and without waiting for her to anounce ns wo boltod upstairs to Cousin Tom's room, and ruBhcd in to find him just patting on his whito satin necktie. Oh, do come quiok I" we both fairly shouted. "Such a" "Why, boys, what's the matter ?" he ex- ' claimed, making a muddle of his cravat. "Hos Alice fainted, or the dressmaker forgotten io send her dress home, or what t" ' "No; no," cried Claude. "There's a man hurt, and an awful crowd, and" - - "Quick, how far from here ?" interrupted Cousin Tom, leaving the two endB of this tie hanging, and snatching his pea-jacket. "I can sparc just twenty minutes." ; .. why,' it's only around the oorner, in front of the Baptist Church," I replied, dancing around the room in great excitement, and then we all three raoedoff. "Where is lie, boyer"cried Cousin Tom. and Claude pointed inside the railing that ran in front, of ..the. Church, and against whioh, Btrango to say, nobody was leaning. Then, hot waiting to hunt np the gate, our oouBin, .who was a great strapping fellow, shouldered bis way through the crowd, aud without paying any attention to the efforts 'some of the people made to hold him back, be placed his hand on the top rail of the fence ?te vault over. ' ? ' The next instant he gave a spring backward instead of forward, and fell against Claude, who of course fell against me, and we all three went down one after another like a row of bricks, while the people aet up such a yell that you might have thought they had all turned into wild Iudians on tbe worpatb. Being boys, and quite used to bard knocks, neither Claude nor I was hurt, and we sprang up as lively as ever when Cousin Tom was lifted off of us. But there was not much spring ' about Aim, and we were awfully frightened when we found that he couldn't evenepeak. Then they explained the whole thing to ns, whioh was something like this-there was an eleotrio light in front of the store next the Church, and in some way the stuff-the eleotrio fluid, or whatever it is-had got off the track, br the wires, and run into tbe fenoe, and so .whoever touched it got a moat tremendous shock. That is what was tho matter with the man inside, and the crowd had tried to wara Cousin Tom, but he was too excited about getting an interesting case to listen, ."Oh, if he's killed, it's all onr fault for telling him about it I" moaned Claude. « And. he was going to be married in half an hour," 1 added, despairingly, "And Mils: Lord 'll bo in the Church waiting for him, and when he don't come she may have a fit or something, and oh, Clande, how can we .tell her!". . By this time they had picked Cousin Tom up and carried him into a drag store a few doors off, They told os be was only stunned, and would probably be able to sit np in the course of half an hoar. As he hadn't lived in town a week yet, nobody in the crowd knew ."who he was, and BO the burden of carrying the dreadful news to the wedding party fell upon Clande and me. ~"ItV five minutes to eight now," an- nounced my brother, nervously, as having left word w{th the druggist that we would soon bo bask with friends and a carriago, wo hur- ried off to the Episcopal Church, " Cousin Tom was to bo in the vestry by this time, and, oh my t won't it bc awful to have Mies Lord walk up tko aisle on her father's arm, and then find nobody to marry her ?" " But, Clande," I proposed, a bright idea suddeuly striking nie, " if we can only get to the Church soon enough to-see her drive up, weean tell bar then, and have the coachman keep right on to tho drug store." "Tho very thing I" cried Claude. "Let's Itsvcj t.'.' : And run we did, but, alas ! arrived at tho Church just in time to Bee the bride's carriage : drive away from the awning-empty. We oould hear the organ playing and tho pooplo whispering that tho procession would soon begin to inovo toward the altar. "Oh, why don't they make sure Cousin Tom's hore drat?" I exclaimed, in a whisper. ' "Perhaps they will," returned Claude. " At any rato they ought to wait for us to lead off ; but, atop, I've got a plan, and though it's a kind of desperate ono, it'll eave Miss. Lord having a scene before everybody. TU "-and he spoke the rest very softly in my car. " Why, Claude, dare you ?" I cried, under my breath. " And do you know how to do it?" " Yes, I noticed the place when we woro in hero with the sexton. Now do you think you can got up close to Miss Lord before 1 count twenty slowly ?" I nodded and hurried into tbe Church, leaving Claude to take up bis station in a dark corner of tho vestibule. Tho procession was evidently waiting for us, and as fast as I could I squeezed a way through the crowd to take my placo in front of thc bride. She smiled when she caught eight of me, aud put out her hand. Then just as I took it every light in thc Church wont out, and I knew Claude had succeeded in his plan of turning off the gas. ', Don't be frightened, Mies Lord," I whimpered, still keeping bold of her hand, " but como uut with mo ta thc carriage, because Cousin Tom's hurt, but not very bad, only bc can't stand up long enough to bc marriod yet, and- But I'll take you to him right away." Woll, tho didn't scream nor say she was going to faint, and just bt'ld on to my hand tight, and lot inn lead lier out in tho dark. Wc found i'lnndu ou thc sidewalk, holding tho «loor of tho carriago opun ; and ordering ttie couchman (who looked as if be tlum^lit wo were i'h.ping wil li tho bride) to di ive to thu drug 8t"io. Wc all Hil'« got in, und were ott before the people in thc Church bad a chance to think of anything CIBO but tho darkness into which they had so suddenly been plunged. "But-but did the electric fluid put out tbs ligUU iu Church?'' stked Mi» Lord, lifter wo bsd explained to bor about Cousin 1 Tom's shock. "Oh no ; I turned off the gas," said Claude, promptly. "Don't you think it was a good way to keep people from starting at yon and gossiping when they found the groom didn't como ?" " YOB, I sec now, and I am sure I am very much o'bliged for your thoughtfulness; but what will papa and mamma think has become of me? " That's so I" I exolalmod. " We forgot all about that part of it. Stop tho carriage, and I'll run back ;" wbiob I did, and found the Cnurch lighted up again, a bigger orowd than ever inside, sud Mr, and Mrs. Lord rushing about in every direction in search of their daughter. I was a little frightened at first, but re numbering how much the brido had been spared by our plan, I walked boldly up to the "distracted parents," and began to explain the whole thing. This took some timo, nut I told the sorry as quick ss I could, and I had scarcely fiuishod when back came the carriage with Cousin Tom and MÍBS Lord both iu it. I jumped as if I had seen a ghost, and in deed Tom looked like one, but declared that he was every bit strong enough to go through with the ceremony. Miss Lord was already in her mother's arms, and I was awfully afraid we'd have a sceno, after all, but luckily everybody thought it was becauso thc gas had gone ont, and in ten minutes they were safely married, and nobody out of tho family the wiser. 