DIMM'DAY TOILETS. (Mrlbournv Aryn*) AND now concerning Saturday's display of dresses, it may Ix; justly said that reaction has set in nf ter a period of exaggeration. Twelve months ago wc were in thc midst of crinoline and crinolctte, with a threatened ex Îiansion of both to unknown dimensions. But t Was not to bc. Tho dead set mode against thc hideous pair snuffed them completely out, and the result is that good taste and relined stylo reign almost supreme. Wisdom in re- gard to dressing is contagcoup, and thc "world that dresses" is fairly realising that appropriateness of material and colour and drapery to time uud occasion means very much more than mere costliness. A magni- ficent toilette ia always easily within the reach of a wwn.in with plenty of menus, but, as far as good taste goes, may have to yield the palm in point of positive worth to a much simpler costume. .She who knows how to adapt her material to tu it her style, the way it should be made up, ami thc kind and quality of drapery und trimming it will carry, even though her mean» are very much smaller than !HT more fortunate .sisters, is in good truth a richer worn,m than ehe whose bank batanee ia unlimited, but whose ideas are few and far between. A witty Frenchman lins said that " angels would cen sc to be adorable if their draperies were disarranged or their aureoles crooked," and our everyday angels, if clad in ill-fitting gowns or unbecoming bonnets, certainly cease to be admirable. The plainest woman in the world, if dressed becomingly and ber fDrial thajf-nu properly arranged, is wonder- fully attractive to thu average man, and bc it remembered that11 long, long ago," before thc icsthctc was even dreamt of, man expressed Ids admiration for well-fitting gowns and BI ii ta life headgear. He wrote of " cool muslins " alni ''shimmering silks" and "clinging stuffs," and though older and wiser now, lie »still ha« warm words of admiration for charming dre^i-s, and he loves to praise them and thc wearer when in harmony. With- out altogether agreeing with the cynic who »aid that *' he would sooner believe in the truthfulness of a woman who never made an error inlier d reship thaninthatof one who was inclined to lieglcetthe vanities of her toilette," ¡t must be admitted that Wunieu themselves very often lake the general outward appear- ance of one of their own HCK HS a distinguish- ing mark of thc bent of her mind for good or evil. Even in thc small matter of hair- dressing what a world of character its style and arranging indicates. Of course, people can wear their locks in any way they please, lint they must not forget their duty to their neighbour. Some thought muBt be taken on the score of effect. For instannu, why should a woman wear her front hair dragged off her face until one thinks how dreadfully it munt hurt, and nut on a huge hat with a mass of trimmings » As a consequence BIIC looks as if she had just returned from an interview V'itli tile family ghost instead of her lady's maid, and wonders why "everybody stares so ut her." lt should always bc remembered that certain face* demand a decoration as much m accord as the perfume nf thc violet- delicate without being overwhelming. All thc masters say, " study effects from nature," and in thc matter of personal adornment womankind would do well to lay this suggestion to heart, and to act up to it. Nature never puts the belongings of a violet on a jacqueminot, nor gives the luxurious odour of thc rose to the white saintliness of the lily. As regards bonnets and hats, there were changes tr» bc noticed, but they were chiefly modifications of styles that have had the seal of becomiugncss set upon them in thc past. The novelties in outline were very few, and those were chiefly ugly. Time was when a Bummer bonnet incant a straw bonnet of some kind or other, aud it was looked on as " bad form " to wear anything else. Hut that old fashioned idea has been buried long ago. At thc present day there are as many materials for thc composition of headdresses as there are for gowns, and if any woniau can discover or invent any material, from lace to leather, that will have thc effect of making her look more bewitching, she at once drops it, and defies thc mandates of fashion. Gha/mmx were present on Saturday in all varieties, net and tulle being amongst thc princi- pal materials. Then there were oil colours in m/»' and mull, basketwork, chenille India silks, and straw. Thc or;**' bonnets aie easily mode, and usually most becoming. All styles looked well, in this material, but thc oval outlines looked as smart as any. Tlic puff round the brim was generally of velvet, a darker colour being usually selected by way of contrast. Pom- pons, aigrettes, lace, flowers, fruit, or any decoration in harmony, were used os orna- ment. Gold was everywhere, and in profu- sion. Cords and buckles, gold laces and crowns, gold-sprinkled feathers and gauze, and gold lace, were all seen. Thc flower trimmings were Bmall in size, but many were clustered together. Grasses and weeds, ad- mirably reproduced, mingled in admired dis- order, thc idea intended to convey being that they had juBt. been plucked. Vegetable trimming was scarce, and in one instance the effect was a failure, a cluster of walnuts on u hat looking, at a little distance, for all thc world like a root of potatoes just dug from the ground. In another instance mushrooms mixed with foliage appeared decidedly heavy, and not in the least ornamental. One or two Leghorn hats were noticeable. They were of very fine quality, and certainly looked unaf- fected anduovel;thoamountoftriinniiiigsecmcd to be at thc discretion and taste of thc wearers, One of these hats was trimmed with rose-coloured mull and a wreath of wild roses ; just under the brim WUB placed a rich looking butterfly, nestling in sonic of thc soft lace with winch it was lined. Growns were marked by simplicity of style, and shades and colours were more than usually varied and delicate. Cotton materials were very much worn. Costumes composed of lace and cashmere, or nun's voile and lace, were very popular. Chenille tufted veilings were amongst the novelties, and helped to farm artistic combinations, pleated or flat skirts were most popular. Many were quite plaiu, or with a "fishwife tunic," looped under instead of lieing turned over. Em- broidered cambrics and muslins were plenti- ful' also printed delaines in cool shades, used in comination with shot silk or ficelle lace Terry velvet und shot silk were also much used for waistcoats and "kangaroo pouches." Jersey bodices were very popular, especially those ornamented with gold braid. They were very effective with all kinds of skirts, and were particularly so on good figures. 