THE POULTRY FIEND. By Silas Snell. -TD08e tallowy-faced misery-mongers, who are continually prating over th& horrore of bell, have never livednear a poultry-breeder, oi they.wfiuld give that locality tbe prestige fpr solid' unceasing torments. For sis months I existed nest to a fiend who grew fowls, and when I had a lucid spell, I,often wished to go off to perdition for a rest. I wag reduced into the .neighborhood by a lying advertisement,' which said: " For sale, oheap: a handsome, nine-ropmed cottage, in a salubrious locality." It was the salubrious locality fetched'me. I wanted all the salu brity I could get for my money, so I went and viewed the ruin. It was a cheerful prison, set away- back in a wild waste of garden, which showed evidence of . many abortive attempts at cultivation ; and tbere was such an air of weird desolation about, and tbe owner was so greedy for a settle ment, that I struck ghosts at once. Thought I, " Tbe shanty's haunted, and that innocent Jew fancies he's packing'the cards on me; thinks he's parting his old spiritualistic seance menagerie, off onto a guileless China man ; go't an idea that I don't know there's a headless man roams about the place of nights, eating fire and keeping decent folks frt>m ' their natural rest. But who cares 1 I'm eager to see the white lady with the stab in her breast, and the antiquated miser with a gash in his throat like a chop in a red gum log. . 1 knew that these tenants from the intan gible nowhere are ruination on property owners, and harder to evacuate than the wary bug; so I waB not surprised at tbe low price, and struck a bargain right off. Then I borrowed a wheel-barrow and carted in my costly furniture. Our first night in that house was a ghastly experience. From sundown, strange un earthly echoes travelled along the wall which adjoined our neighbor on the right, and an occasional yell sounded through the place, acting on my frame like a gust from a freezing room, and -making Mrs. Snell's fringe stick out like a wire brush. " Oh, Snfell I" she moaned, as a hoarse chuckling seemed to come ont of the plaster at the head of our bed, " that's my poor dear [ MJSS GENEVIEVE WAKD, i mother's voice. Sbe always spoke through her nose like that when she had a cold, and ehe said she'd haaot you for filing her false teeth to points like a saw. Oh, uh T'And Mrs. Snell wrapped a blanket round her head, and shivered hard enough to make my teeth chatter, I tried to re-assure her, and explained that her mother head gone to a place where icolds are not; but she said I was an ir reverent wretch, and it was no wonder we were haunted. The noises continued till i daybreak ; when, after a grand finale, they j ceased, and a few rainutes later I sprang ont of bed, and valiantly called upon the appari- ] jtion to come forth and show itself like a. j man.. It. wouldn't come, but I felt tbat 1 bad done, my duty; so I turned to and lighted the kitchen fire. After breakfast, I got down my old Colt's Revolver and went in search. I fired up all the chimneys, and subjected the cupboards to a raking volley, without rising anything . but the smell of a ghost. Then I went out-' side, Bnd a glance over the dividing fence divulged the mystery. Our neighbor on the right had 'a fowl repository all along the wall of my house, where droves.of. mangy poultry lodged and kept up a restless demo-, niacal clucking and. crowing the' night through. Unholy rage filled my breast when I saw this, and I yelled for Smith. I thought ft as likely as not that the poultry breeder's name was Smith, and it must have, been, for presently a mighty head wbb thrust out of one of the back windows of the dwelling, and a thick voice somewhere back in its depths said— "Hello."' "Are you the man tbat runs this asylum?" I asked. The face grinned. " Well, you'll have to hump it right out of that. We're not going to have another tiight of that racket. D'y'uhear? Shift it half-a mile away, or I'll buy a plug of dynamite and shoot it to destruction." " 0' goterblazes 1" said the bead bb it was drawn in. He was evidently used to complaints of this kind. From that time forward my life was a mix ture of misery and profanity. I spent hours turning over the ground of my garden and fixing things up. Then, when I came out a few minutes later, there would be a whole legion of .poultry scraping nnd delving the plants up, and scattering the garden about the country. I cursed their owner, his father and-mother, and all his ancestors and hunted the fowls with an axe handle. Many of them were sent rolling, the effect of half a brick from my vengeful hand ; but there was no satisfaction in it, as they re gained their legs And stepped for a hole in the fence ss< though they'd been hit with a rose-leaf,-.. I 'found out fatet that-Smith reared chickens for boarding-houses. Then I purchased a cannon and laid in wait. One aged Tooster I hated 4n; particular i a bandy-legged, featherless outrage, with. a Roman nose, and a look .about him that strangely reminded me of a bombastic J.P. whom X olice knew. That bird wbb the picture of ineffable conceit,. And. when I caught him up to some pew devilry, he would go for the fence in a self-possessed sort ot wayand . though I hit him hjiTd with a shovel more than once he never- became ruffled over it lil^e another fowl, tout juBt got up and strutted on as much as to say, " You may insiilt me, sir; but you are beneath my notice." i He led all^e raidB.^againBt me, and would amble carelessly into our kitchen at the head of about forty hens, and dig bis noBe into the butter, and invite the hens to rake the1 bread about and spill the milk, just as though things belonged to.him; and when I surprised them, and shut the door,' feeling sure of a deadly vengeance at last, his dignified deportment never failed him, although I could see he was a bit scared, but he tried hard not to appear so ; and when I went for him with a flat iron, he shambled past and went up stairs. I followed close on, but he sailed through a front window and stood on a post all the afternoon guying me. When I returned to the kitchen, the hens had all left by way; of the hole the flat iron made in the door-pannel. Another time he introduced a ben into our bedroom and invited her to lay on my pillow, which she did at every opportunity. The eggs were good enough to have, but the fowl-lice were not. He used to crow regularly every half hour through the night, and would talk with the pullets sometimes for hours, This attraction, and that afforded by a few hens who bad rising families just teething to at tend to, made oar nights livelier than a dog fight. I expostulated with Smith's head many a time (I never saw more of him than his bloated nob), but the only answer I got wag a grin like a ripple on a duck pond, or " 0, goterblazes." , One morning, when I had nailed up every crevice in the fence, and was having another turn at the garden, I noticed the vile thief's face, the color of an underdone pancake, peering over at me. He was nearly chuck ling his front teeth out, and I could see he fcas calculating how much fowls' food he would save through - my gardening opera tions. " Smith," J said, in a pleading tone, gradu ally .verging to the menacing, " will you chain up those feathered -fiend of yours? Will you feedthemon arsenic 7 ' Will you sell out and go to New Caledonia? You chuckling hen house—you mammoth-headed shark mouthed poultry generator—you—you 1" i "O, goterblazes," said Smith, and took n hiB face. Five weary months of sleepless nights and harassed days, and my great brain gave way. I became a drivelling imbecile, pos sessed with an idea that I was a Shanghai rooster. Mrs. S. managed to keep up and get me away, after selling the house to a man who kept a private lunatic aBylum, and wanted his patientBto remain as mad as pos sible. I am a little better now, but still drivelling, aB you will imagine after reading this. A new boarder spilt some milk on his now coat and wns fearful lest it would leave a grease spot. An old stager assured him that there wns not the slightest danger, but that lie might look lor a chalk mark when it dried. *' Pleasant Bight.—A nuin who was try ing to sell rather a dismal residence, boasted that it commanded a view of the railway station. "But that doesn 't make it any more pleasant," said the party who was cxpected to purchase'it. "Oh, yes it does," replied the owner confidently; it makes it gay ; just here; you can stand on this step and see everybody that misses'the train." 1 