AMBER; OB, ! The Adopted Daughter. By Mrs. Haeeiet Lewis. CHAPTEB XVIII. Ihpbisoned. ? For two or three days after the secret conference of Blair Moreland and his valet, the latter kept a vigilant watch upon the movements of the young governess ; but without any benefit to his plans resulting therefrom. Amber certainly took open air exercise ; but it Vas either in the family carriage with the children, or in the park or flower gardens, accompanied by them. But it was decreed that the valet should soon 'have an opportunity of trying his scheme of abducting the maiden. On the morning of the third*or fourth day after the concoction of the plot against her, Amber received an earnest and impassioned letter from Jasper Longley, stating that he had a particular and important communication to make to her respecting Sir Balph Courtney, and that he must gee her in person. He. reminded her that he had called upon her at Lord Moreland's country seat once during the preceding winter, and that he knew the place thoroughly. He concluded by lagging her to meet him the evening after the receipt of his letter by the fountain in the park, and besought her not to disappoint him. Amber turned the dainty, perfumed missive over and over in her hands thoughtfully, and mentally reviewed Jasper's conduct toward her since she entered upon her present life. He had bestowed the most delicate attentions ?upon her whenever they had met, which was seldom, the maiden generally refusing to meet him or' allow him to call upon her, but he had once or twice taken her to the opera, and had come down to Moreland Park once the previous winter on purpose to see her. Her refusals to meet him had proceeded from a natural delicacy, which did not fail to in crease the love and admiration of Jasper, even ?while he chafed at what he termed her prudish ness. ' I will meet him,' she mentally resolved, put ting the note in her pocket. ' When my school duties are over, my time is my own, and as he so ?kindly names an early hour, while it's daylight, too, I shall not fail to keep the appointment. But idiy does he not come to the house ? I wonder imat the important communication about Sir Ralph can be— dear, dear Ralph !' Her clear cheeks were stained with a sudden scarlet flush as she murmured his name tenderly in her mind, as she might never hope to do in roality to him, and her glorious eyes beamed with a world of beauty and sweetness. Her pupils wondered that day Avhat great good fortune had happened to their gentle teacher, for her face was like embodied sunshine — she seemed somehow suddenly to feel so very near Balpli, for she was going to hear of him, perhaps from him, that very day. As the hour approached, she dismissed her pupils to their nursery, and hastened to attire herself in her most becoming costume. Lady Moreland had requested her some time before to leave off her mourning garb, as it looked so gloomy to the children, and Amber had complied with her request. She donned a pretty gray dress and jacket, and a broad-brimmed Leghorn hat, which shaded her face without concealing it, and looked even more lady like and charming when she had finished than usual. Casting a single glance in the mirror at the reflection of her unequalled beauty, she left her room and hastened from the house. As she crossed the lawn, going toward the park, she was observed by the vigilant Tamley, who sauntered after her with pretended carelessness. Entering the handsome park, Amber threaded its cool dim aisles with familiar step, proceeding toward its centre, where, in a pretty glade, played a small fountain, while surrounding it were seats made of twisted grape vines. This was Lord Moreland's favourite retreat. On one of the seats sat Jasper Longley, await ing her. Jle was as singularly handsome as ever, his attire was faultless, aud hip manner expressed his genuine delight. ' Amber,' he said, taking her hand and draw ing her beside him, 'if you but knew the pleasure it gives me to meet you, to clasp your hand, to gaze into your lovely face! How very beautiful you have grown !' ' Do you think so ?' questioned the girl, eagerly, yet without a spark of vanity, her thoughts instantly demanding what would fialpii think. 'I was considered very plain once, you know, Jasper/ she added, apologetically. ' I never thought you plain/ responded Long ley, feasting his eyes and soul upon the rare beauty of her changeful countenance. ' I always saw you as Sir John did — beautiful in mind and person/ The .girl flushed under Ins ardent gaze, and both were too much occupied with each other to notice Tamley, who was peering into the glade, and looking astonished at beholding Longley. He looked at the couple only a moment, aud then glided away in the direction from which he had come. ' ' But, Jasper,' said Amber after a brief silence, ' -why didn't you call upon me at the house ? I do not like clandestine meetings, aud if — if i.his one had been for any other reason, I should have been tempted to decline it. Lady Moreland would think strangely of me if she were aware of my meeting you here/ ' The reason I did not go to the house, Amber, iras because her ladyship caused one of her ser vants to intimate to me on my previous visit tliat the did not like her governess to. receive com pany/ said Jasper. ' I fancy that her lady ship imagined that her house might be thronged irith your friends if she remained Bilent-on the Babtect. Her ladyahip did not know my name, however. If she had, she might have sent me a different message. So, you Bee, I had no alterna tive \m% to ineet you liere.' ' You wished to tell me something of — of Sir Ealph. ? * faltered Amber. Jasper jealously marked the trembling of her tone sb she mentioned the baronet's name. ' You seem to think that I bring good news/ he Eaid. ' What would you like best. .to. hear ?' . ' That Ralph sees how mistaken he was in hig estimate of me/ answered the girl, her face glow ing. ? That he knows that I am not designing and forward, . Do you bring me such news as that, Jasper?' *A7afl/ flol* sighed Jasper. 'How can I tell you what I must te»J you? Can you bear bad aewsj? '' ' What !' she cried, wildly. * Is he dead P' 'Dead to you, my poor child/ said Jasper, soothingly. ' Ha is engaged, to be marrifid — 7—' A low moan broke from Amber's lips, and a Eilence fell between the couple. It was broken at length by the girl, -who eaid, sith quivering lips ; ' I have long expected to hear ef his marriage;, and thought I had prepared myself to hear it calmly. But you see Low freak ond foolish I am, Jasper. - To whom is he engaged f ' To Blanche.' 'I am glad his bride is to be Blanche/ said Amber, after a moment's struggle to repress her emotions : ' that is, I know of ho one bo worthy of fialph as Blanche/ Jasper's lip curled involuntarily, andhe thought of the contrast between the puro being beside him tad his sister. 'Be brave, Amber/ he said. 'Trials come to dl. See/ he added, bitterly, r how I try to bear the pangs of unrequited loye^-but yon have aq pity f orjnp I' . Amber waa touched, remembering how devoted bid how constant he had been to her during' the past year, and how insensible she had been of hia homage. Seeing the impression he had made, Jasper hastened to continue t -? ?? H ' Give me the peart Sic Salph flung from him, ?;?? ?Rarest. I have often thought of your ionely, . - ? hard- working lif a, with ho .one to sympathise with ? B fou, no one to whom you can iraburd^n your ; ?Wt; and if, by tht §aj?ri4cp of my own life, I ' ??otlld iifwo giren you happiness,! frould w$ingly ; ?tare died. Let me gather you into my bosom, : '?.?Amber, a&d; fihwld you ti*W all the gfconnsof life. \t ?Let uifi love vcu ajijl «-afec ypyr Ufe happy/ * I like -yon, Jasper/ Tesponded the girl, gently and tearfully. ' I esteem aud respect you, I re gard you as a 'brother ; but I cannot give you the love you deserve. I told you long ago witti me to love once is to love for ever. The heart that throbbed bo wildly and foolishly for Sir Ralph Courtney a year ago beats even more wildly and foolishly for -»'' now. You may despise me for it ? ' ' Never !' exclaimed Jasper. ? But must your life be a waste because Sir Ealph marries Blanche ? Must your life and mine both be wrecked by an ill-fated love ? Oh, Amber, have pity on me 1' His eyes, beaming with passionate love, his earnest manner, his trembling voice, all pleaded for him. Could this man be the same who had pleaded one year before for Amber's love with an eye to his own ulterior benefit ? ' He was the same ; but as none are all bad, so one redeeming passion filled his being — his love for Amber. He was determined to win her by patient gentleness, by tenderness and pity, and whatever clue he possessed to her parentage, whatever worldly benefits he hoped to gain through a union with her, he placed above all other incentives the hope of gaining ultimately her affections. As the girl regarded liim, she realised for the first time how deep was the love he felt for her, and in her sore anguish she was almost tempted to seek refuge in his promised care. ' I would so carefully shield you/ he said, softly, as if divining her thoughts. ? I would guard you from every eviL I would sympathise with you in the great sorrow of your life. There are very few persons who marry their first loves, Amber. And I do not ask you to love me yet. I will win your love by loving you. But give me a husband's right to protect you. You must often feel desolate ?' Amber assented with a weary sigh. Jasper resumed, in a low soothing tone, that fell like balm upon the girl's hearing : ' I might be able to mitigate your sorrow in time, dearest, and you would render my life an Eden. You would elevate me, purify me, redeem me from my faults and errors. Take my Ufe in your hnnHa \s Jasper had no wish to undo any of his past sins, nor to forego any future ones that might be profitable to him, but he did earnestly desire to appear good and true in Amber's eyes, and to this end was anxious to lead an outwardly up right life. ' Have I so much influence over you, Jasper ?' she asked. *' You have, indeed. Without you I am miser able — with you life would be a heaven !' he cried, passionately. ' Oh Amber, give me hope '.' The girl pressed her hand upon her heart, and there was a look of anguish iu her eyes as she re plied : ' Although, as I told you, Jasper, I have long expected to hear of Sir Ralph's marriage, I find I am weaker than I thought — so weak that I can not give you an answer to-night. Give me a week to think the matter over. In three or four days the family goes to town. It will then be easy for us to meet.' * You will send me a note, then, in a week, con taining vour answer to my suit ?' 'I will.' Jasper caught her hand and pressed it to his lips in a transport of joy. The action and the manner went to Amber's heart. ' Leave me now, Jasper/ she said, gently. * I thank you for coming here from London to break the news to me yourself. But, first, let me ask you, are Blanche and Sir Ealph at Courtney Hall?' ' No ; they are at the baronet's town house/ * Good-by, Jasper. I think I'll sit here a little while. The air may do me good.' Jasper shook hands with her, bade her adieu, and hastened away in the direction of the neigh bouring village, whence he was to take the train for London. ' She is mine ! ' he muttered, as he went. ' How magnificent she is ! Blanche is coarse and homely compared to Amber. I'd like to see what Sir Ealph would say to her now ! Uow to wed her — then to announce the secret of her birth — and then — His eyes guttered with delight, and he hurried onward. Meanwhile, Amber sat by the fountain ab sorbed in thought. She did not pray for death — she realised the beauty of grandly living too much for such weakness, but her heart ached with a keen, sharp anguish, and her brain seemed on fire. But the mist gradually cleared from her mind, and she resumed the patient habits that she had acquired during the conflicts of the past year. ' I must not be weak and selfish/ she mur mured, growing calm. ' As Jasper says, I must not wreck two lives. I begin to think that I have done, wrong in remaining so wrapped up in my own grief and so insensible to his. I think I will devote myself to him. It will be so sweet to be loved and cared for — so sweet to make some one happy ! I grieve now because Ealph is going to be married; but I must banish this foolish grief, marry Jasper, and forget what anight have been/ She sighed — a sigh that was wrung with pain from her tortured heart. At that moment Tamley again peered through the trees into the glade. He looked flushed and warm, as if he had been hard at work. A-nibqr sat a few miimtas longer by the foun tain, and then arose to return to the house. As she did so Tamley approached her. 'If you please, miss/ he said, bowing, 'its get ting dark, and Mr. Moreland sent me to protect you home.' ' I need ho protection/ declared the maiden, in surprise. ' The distance is short. I can go alone. Don't presume to follow me !' Before she could take a step, Tamley drew a handkerchief, freshly saturated with chloroform, from his pocket and quickly applied it to her nos trils, at the same time seizing her. The girl struggled frantically, but she could not free herself from the strong grasp of the valet. The effect of the chloroform was soon percep tible, for her struggles ceased, she becoming un conscious. Tamley then gathered her form in his arms, glaced around him to see that his bold operation had had no spectator, and he then glided with her swiftly tlrrough the park, and soon gained the road. Here a horse and carriage were in waiting. \- No qther vehicles were in sight. He lifted the maiden into the' carriage and took a seat beside her. - The next moment they were proceeding at a rapid pace along the road, amid the gathering shadows of the night. It was not long before Amber recovered her consciousness, the jolting of the vehicle assisting to awaken her. The chloroform had, of course, lost something of its strength before being ap plied. , * What does this mean ?' she demanded, as goon as she realised where she was. * Where are you taking me ?' ' Yon'll soon see for yourself miss/ replied the valet, whipping up his horse. * You are going where you'll be well cared for, I advise you to keep still, for I have got material^ here for bind ing and gagging you, although I don't like to do it unless it should be necessary/ His tone was more menacing than his words, and Amber realised that it would be impossible to spring from the carriage and escape. ' I don't understand the meaning of this out rage/ phe said, indignantly. fHow dare you carry me off in this manner? You shall be punished as you deserve. I will tell iior-TMore- Iandof- ? ' 'Now, be sensible, miss. YouVe got a pretty ride before yon if you've a mind to enjoy it/ The girl became silent, resolving to appeal to. the occupant of the first vehicle they met for help, but when the sound of other wheels were at last heard, Tamley threatened to gag her jf eha did not promise to remain silent. She gave the required promise, and watched the vehicle pass with a feeling of keen despair. Tfag journey of go mileB at length drew near an end, and the -valet turned iutp ah unused lane that led away from $he road, and. finally ter minated at the side of a grim old mansion, which was alpjost hidden in a mass of shrubbery. fHer? we are!' he said, , springing put and assigning Amber to alight He led her to a door at the rear of the mansion; where he knocked loudly for admittance. ' The summons was answered by an elderly woman, who opened the door, exclaiming : 'Oh, ifs you, Tamley! Have you got the girl?' ' Yes, here she is/ responded the valet, leading Amber into the corridor and thence into a dimly lighted apartment. ' You are all ready for her ?' ' Oh, yes. I expected you before this/ Amber looked at the woman, to see if she might hope ibr mercy from her, but her! heart sank as she regarded her grim, stern face, with its heavy lines about the mouth, denoting -a hardness of disposition. 'Come- miss, I'll show you to your room/ ob- served the woman, taking up a candle. * I will not go?' responded Amber. 'Tellme why I am here, and by whose orders. ?' 'By Mr. .Blair Moreland's/ said Tamley. CI wouldn't tell you before, lest I should fail to get you here. You cannot get away. My aunt, Mrs. Glosson, will treat you well, and you needn't have a care or anxiety. Let us show you to your rooms.' Amber looked wildly about her for an avenue' of escape, but there was none. She then looked appealingly to Tamley and his aunt, but there was no pity in their faces. ' Let me go/ she pleaded. ' Take me back to Lord Moreland's, Tamley, and I won't tell of you. You shall be rewarded, if you will; I have a friend who will pay you better than Mr. More hind if you will only take me back to the park. Tamley smiled as he said : ' I suppose ? you mean that person you met by the fountain, Miss. I regret I can't accept your offer. I've made myself liable to the law, I sup pose, in carrying you off, and I'll see now that you are kept safe.' In vain Amber protested that she would not complain of him if he would let her go. Tamley and his aunt both assured her that her words and tears were useless.: Finally they compelled her to asceud a flight of stairs to the second floor and enter an apartment, in which they locked her securely. Amber stood in the centre of the room as if petrified, when the sound of their footsteps on the stairs had died away. The very boldness of her abduction made it difficult for her to realise it. But at length, as a comprehension of her situation rushed upon her mind, she beat at the massive door, begging for help. And the only answer that came to her tortured hearing was the slamming of the outer door as the triumphant -valet ' departed to inform his master of his grand success. CHAPTER. XIX. A 6PUB.NED BEIDE. For some time poor Amber continued to call for help and beg to be released, but at length she realised the utter futility of such pleading, and sank into a chair, endeavouring to collect her thoughts and evolve a course of action. That she had been thus abducted by the ordera of Blair Moreland seemed to her an idea almost too stupendous for belief — and yet it was impos sible to doubt the fact, after the assertion the valet had made. She thought of her pupils, of Lady Moreland, of the stain that would rest upon her reputation because of her strange disappearance, and of her probable loss of situation in consequence, if she should ever regain her freedom, and her brain swelled abnost to bursting, and she could only moan in her anguish. After a while, however, she grew calmer, and endeavoured to command her thoughts. The first question that occurred to her was how to discover a plan of escape, and while she was considering this she heard a key grate in the lock, the door softly opened, and a lighted candle was thrust into the room. Before she could move or. speak the door was closed again and securely locked. Amber stepped forward, piclld up the candle, and proceeded to examine her prison. It was a moderate-sized square room, furnished in the style common to first-class mansions 20 years ago. The chairs and sofa were covered with crimson damask that had lost its early vividness of colour ; the floor was of polished oak, laid in a regular and pretty pattern, that looked like the finest mosaic work ; and a massive table, darkened by age, occupied the centre of the room. There were two windows ; but they were care fully guarded by a strong net-work of wire, which Amber found it impossible to detach. Continuing her investigations, Amber noticed a door at one side of the apartment. This door stood ajar, and the girl pushed it open and passed through the aperture. She found herself in a bedroom, furnished much like the little parlour adjoining ; but containing in addition a low French bedstead, draped with white. There waa a window to this apartment ; but it was also guarded by net-work. There was another door at the . side -of this chamber, opposite to the parlour ; but, on trying it, Amber found it securely locked. As the maiden's anxious glances took in all these things, her heart sank in her bosom, and she murmured : . ' If o way of escape ! Oh ! what shall I do ? What ehall I do ?' She seated herself in a chair in the parlour, with that despairing question upon her lips, and sobbed aloud. The tears seemed to relieve both heart and brain, and she gave way to them un restrainedly. All the miseries of her lot rushed over her soul in that moment, coiivuiging it to its centre. Her unrequited love for Sir Ealph — the supposed fact of his speedily approaching marriage with Blanche — her lonely position in the world, and her dark future — all these things added tenfold to her anguish at her present terrible danger. She was suddenly aroused from her weeping by the sound of uneven footstep ascending the stairs, and the next moment Mrs. Glosson entered the room. * Tears, eh ?' she said, setting down a little tray of food upon the table. ' There's no use in crying, miss. You'll only make yourself sick, without doing yourself a particle of good. I have brought you up some supper, arcording to Tamley'e orders before he left. He thought you might be hungry after your long ride !' Amber made no reply. ' He said, too/ continued the woman, ' that you had hardly got over the effects of the chloroform he was obliged to give you, so here is some strong coffee that will soon restore you. Here's a bottle of nice wine, too, if you like wine/ ' I don't want anything to eat,' said Amber, re pressing her tears and recovering her calmnesB, although her lips quivered with emotion. 'I cannot eat!' 'What! not the oranges, nor the toast, nor the wine? I assure you, miss, the wine is of the very best. Tamley only brought one bottle, and he called it ' green seal/' ' 4b she spoke, » Mrs. Glosson gazed wistfully at the wine Bhe extolled. ? . It was evident phe had a weakness for finch things. ? I cannot eat !' again said Amber. ' Very well/ responded the woman. ? I won't argue with you, if you don't want $0 g&t.;^ FJ1 just 1 leave the thinga; bo that if you feel hungry during the sight you can help yourself.' fihe retreated to the door, and seated herself beside it, continuing : . 1 ' Ifs rather^ionely down stairs, miss, an, if you've no objection I'll sit with you awhile. There’s no use in burning two candles just yet. I s'oose yon are not afraid of seeing the ghost, 1 What ghost 9' *They eay the Italian lady, Mrs, Claenville, walks here. This is the very room she was mur dered in by her husband, You can see some bloodstains on the floor, for they ain't ever been washed out. Blood never will wash out of wood, they say I' Involuntarily, Amber glanced at the few dis coloured spots on tbV polished floor, which her garrulouB gaolor pointed out as bloodstaino. ' Thia was her favourite room/ oentinued Mrs. Glpssen, 'and it vas pretty enough befor* the trees grew so thick around the windows. Her pony.ilT. ClaenviUe, liked |t th# l-esfc of $py in the mansion. He occupied it when he was here two years ago. I shouldn't have thought he woul$, and his mother inurd^red Jnare,ltop, Jfyijr he ain't Enrf^h, tf his father was I He Jtaifce* after his mother's family, I suppose. He appears to fairly ha$o England and thu English, r didn't like Jus Joolce, I'm sure. 'Twosn't koftest. ilka th# English!' ?Amber continuing silent, Mrs. Glosson, after a short pause, remarked, in a confidential man aer — 'So, miss, you have the good fortune to have been fallen in love with by a live lord ! He must have plenty of money,- and I consider you are a fortunate young woman.' Amber was disgusted with her- tormentor ; but she managed to conceal her dislike as she said : ' I was brought here against my will, as you know. I was drugged so that I could not even re sist. I have not fairly recovered from the weak ness consequent upon the drug. Tell me whose house this is, and what it is.' ' It's the Haunted House, miss, and I'm its housekeeper. The master is in Italy. ' I've taken you in as aboarder, and Tamley sayB I'm to be paid liberal for keepin' you!' ' Mr. Moreland is going to pay you well; is he ?' asked Amber, after a brief pause. 'Suppose I should pay you better to let me go?' The woman looked interested. Amber marked the glitter of her cold, glassy eyes, and drew her watch from its pocket, display ing its enamelled case thickly set with diamonds, and said: ' This was the gift of a dear friend who is dead, but I will give it to you, chain and all, if you will set me free immediately. See! It is worth a hundred pounds 1' The old woman eyed the glittering ornament with longing eyes, but shook her head as she re plied : ' Them di-mnTis are most likely paste. Govern esses at your age ain't apt to carry a hundred pounds on them in that shape, much less to give it away to get away from a real lord ! Ho, miss, I can't be deceived. , I'm getting well paid as I am. I know all about cheap jewelry, which my late brother used to wear a plenty, aud look like a lord with it, too.' ' But these diamonds are real, I assure you/ de clared Amber. ' Look at them for yourself.' 'If they are real, keep them!' returned Mrs. Glosson, in a tone meant to be sarcastic. ' Real dimuns are not as plentiful as I could wish, and ifs well to keep a store of them by you. !' Amber replaced her watch in her j-ocket, with a hopeless feeling, and said, despairingly : ' If you will not free me for money, do so for the sake of humanity. You are a woman, as I am. For the sake, then, of our common woman hood, release me, I implore you !' The woman smiled. 'I beseech you by the memory of your own girlhood!' cried Amber, with despairing earn estness. ' I am a poor girl, with only niy good name. I wort for my living, but should I re main here, even this one night, I should lose my situation. I should not be believed when I should explain the truth. Young ladies are not carried off so often as to make my employers be lieve me ! Even this night's captivity here will blast my reputation for life — prevent my obtain ing employment — and cause me to be regarded with suspicion always. Then have pity upon me. Let me go !' Her wild pleading brought no look of pity to the coarse face of her gaoler. ' I can't do it !' declared the woman. ' Ifs im possible. But there won't be any need for you to go back to your situation, miss, for the young lord, as is to be, will take care of you as if you were a queen. He wants to marry you, and take you to a fine house, where you can order your servants, and keep a carriage, and have company, and dress elegant ! Tamley says that my lord is that captivated he would grudge at nothng to please you, and. you ought to be rejoicing instead of acting like a mad woman. It isn't every poor governess can marry a lord !' Amber again attempted to move the heart or the cupidity of her gaoler, even offering to allow her to show the watch to a jeweller, but the woman persisted in believing her diamonds paste, anc peremptorily refused to touch them. ' No, you can't get away from here !' she de clared. ' Bribing will do no good. I shall just mention your offer to my lord, though, and he'll pay me extra for resistin' the temptation/ and she smiled. ' No, ? I shall be firm. You'll thank and reward me for it when you become 'my lady!'' Amber shrank from the repulsive face of Mrs. Glosson, and her look of dispair deepened. It was terrible to be in the power of such a woman. ' I'll leave you now/ said Mrs. Glosson, after a period of watching her lovely captive. ' You must be tired and want sleep. I think I'll go to bed, too. You'd better make up your mind to your fate, miss !' She left the room, locked tho door, and Amber heard her descend the staircase, muttering as she went. The night that followed- was to Amber the longest she had.ever known. She walked the floor with hurried footsteps until her limbs ached with weariness. The candle burned down, its light going out in a sudden flare and sputter, and the morning light came in through the grated windows. The young girl at length knelt by one of the windows, her face pressed against the strong net work, her lovely features looking in the dim light as though carved from marble, and as the dimness of the scene grew more monotonous and dreary, her eyelids drooped and she slept. (to be continued.) 