A Visit to England. Many of your readers may not have bad the privilege of visiting Europe lately, BO a few of my jottings will be interesting. At eea, we were not fortunate enough to have an ordained minister on board, but thoroughly believing in divine ordination, even without the pall of apostolic succcssion, a few of us met in the Baloon shortly after leaving Adelaide; a committee was formed, consisting of one Baptist, a Wesleyan, two Episcopalians, and a Bible Christian. Arrangements were made, and the following order of services were carried out without exception all the voyage. Sunday morning at eleven, Episcopalian service, read by the captain or purser. Men and officers were all piped on deck in Sunday "toggery," and, after inspection, were piped below, a few only returning to the service which was held either in the first saloon, or, if weather permitted, on the main deck. In the afternoon, we bad what our Salvation Army friends would call a " free-and-easy," on the forecastle, and very joyous meetings these were. Among us we found three or four dozen of Sankey's hymns. Two of the third class passengers had cornets, totally unaccustomed to Saukey, but by dint of a little practice on week evenings, they managed exceedingly well on Sundays. An amusing sight to a casual observer were these afternoon services; sailors squatting or lying about in all directions, bushmcn, some of whom had not attended a service for twenty years, men and women from the back slums of our Australian cities, surrounded by wellto-do fanners, merchants, and bankers, from first and second saloons. Five or six would take part in the service, and as the simple story of the cross: the parable of the prodigal son, or some well-known Scriptural passage was commented on, we saw many a head turned, and a tear falling from eyes unaccustomed to such seeming weakness. Sunday evenings were appropriated to the second class passengers, either in saloon or on deck. A curate of the Episcopalian Church felt honoured in being asked to take part in this service, and so we had the evening prayers read; a large number of the passengers joining in the responses. To others the curate was at his best when, becoming a Nonconformist, for the time being, surplice and book were put aside, and his heart went out in fervent pleading for his fellow passengers. An old fashioned Methodist sermon would follow, and many present were wonderfully blessed. In our first service I ventured to assert that a new society would be formed called " The Cuzcoites," but during the last service on the forecastle, off the coast of Sardinia, we became " Compulsory Baptists," for a wave broke over the bows compelling us to close hurriedly and beat a retreat for dry clothes, and more sheltered quarters. It was my privilege to speak one Sunday evening as we were steaming up the Gulf of Suez, from the Exodus of the Israelites, and very thrilling was the story, repeated as it was with the mountains of the Sinaitic peninsula on one side, and the arid Egyptian sands on the other. Plymouth on Sunday morning. Never shall I forget the exquisite 6cenery basking in the full glory of the summer sun. It was my native land, and after thirty years of Australian landscapes, my heart was full of strange emotions as the vessel steamed at half-speed inside the magnificent breakwater. Cawsand Bay and the lovely seat of the Earl of Mount Edgecombe surpassed anything I had ever seen. The picturesque scenery of the straits of Messina with the Italian and Sicilian coasts on either side were nothing in comparison. Very soon after landing my hand was grasped by kind-hearted Bible Christian minister, and I received a warm welcome to England. It was very comforting while sitting in Zion-street chapel an hour later to hear the strangers from the far off " sunny south land" prayed for. But I do not intend inflicting on your readers a resume of my travels through England, Scotland, France, Belgium, and Holland. I have heard the great preachers of the day. Among others, the Bishop of Liverpool, Canon Liddon, Archdeacon Farrar, Marmaduke Osborne, Joseph Parker, Spurgeon, and Mark Guy Pearse. The three latter stand out very conspicuously for similarity in many points. They were wonderfully simple, tremendously in earnest, and deeply pathetic. Never have I been more deeply impressed, when coming from the services conducted by either of these men, with the enormous responsibility of those who bear the vessels of the Lord. I was fortunate in dropping in to Joseph Parker's Thursday morning service on the day in which he said, " To-day I conclude the fifteenth year of my Thursday mornings' communion and fellowship with you." Fifteen years of the very beet part of my life. The boys of fifteen years ago are heads of families now. It may be self-deception on my part, but it seems as if I had not begun to preach yet. The grandeur of the vocation, the infinity of the work that has to be done, fills me. Does society care for its preachers ? For some of them for a time. You have a short day of popularity, my friend. Live in your work. The aisles will not always be full. The older you get the more you will feel every man is worth speaking to, that a little child is a congregation. God has ministers of every stature. Receive all! Pray for all! Help all! Brethren, ministers of Christ, have I ever spoken to you in a discouraging tone ? My heart's desire has been to sympathise with you. On the other hand my brother ministers have supported me. They have encouraged and comforted me. Of these unique and peculiar services fifteen years in the city of London, like fifteen years, nowhere else, the claims amount almost to exactness. The Lord feeds the fire. The Lord lights the lamp. The Lord inspires the prayer. The deity and incarnation of Christ, the infinite necessity of Christ's atonement, the infinite need of the Holy Ghost have been my themes. If these mean preaching, then I have tried to preach. These are the rocks on which I have built my life's ministry. To God be all the glory without abatement, or distraction." These were among the concluding words of the service. My friends will know I am not a shorthand reporter, and that the above is a mere fragment of what he really did say. But many hearts were full, and I know some workers who will go back to their work with renewed earnestness and zeal on account of the inspiring words uttered on that occasion. A friend introduced me to Mrs. Parker, and knowing I was from Australia, she said, " You must see Mr. Parker," and led me to his study, and although several were waiting to see him, I was soon ushered in. His warm heart and genial homely welcome completely won me. His presence was an inspiration, and the words of loving greeting to workers from other lands were very cheering. But I have remained too long in the City Temple. The Metropolitan Tabernacle was just as interesting. Last Sunday week I went to hear for the third time " The Last of the Puritans." Mr. Spurgeon had been ill for some weeks, and as the church was crowded from floor to ceiling, there could not have been lesB than six thousand people listening to his words. A subdued whisper ran around the building, as this " giant among preachers " limped painfully down the stairs leading to the rostrum. His opening prayer was very touching and simple. " Heavenly Father, we feel glad to be here: we are ' at home' in Thy house. Grant that this day may be the illuminated letter at the beginning of the chapter of the week. May this rest-day be indeed a Sabbath to our souls. May the presence of the Master be with us on this Lord's day, and may our Sunday be brighter than the sun can make it." The sermon has been fully reported, and many of your readers will have seen it. One passage in his reading was very quaint. Both the Marthas and Marys of the church have a work. " Martha went out to meet Him." Well done, Martha! "Mlarv sat still in the house." Well done, Mary! In his second prayer he said:— " Father, this has been a week of great anxiety to some of us. May we be anxious no longer. May the sheep not take the shepherding, nor try to do the shepherd's work. We're tired of looking back. We often try to drive our Father's horses instead of sitting with Him. We are poured from vessel to vessel. We cry, ' Bury my dead out of my sight.' Visit Thy people— Thy next of kin. Be not strange to us. May we lean on Christ as hard as we can. May we swoon away on the eternal love. Some are preaching a gospel that is not a gospel. Blow them with a blast of Thy wrath. We get almost angry in our prayers with those who would rob Thy Son of His deity. Raise up a race of preachers, a Wesley, and a Whitfield. Let not the breed die out. Let the old doctrine still prevail . . . Oh! for ten thousand thousand hearts for Thee. Why tarriest Thou, oh Father ? Come quickly. The wheels roll so slowly— even so. Amen." Just before the sermon, he asked the congregation to pray for him, and. bowing his head, said, " Lord, help Thy servant by Thy great power, and if Thy power is to be shown in his weakness so much the better." Here, thought I, is one of the secrets of success— " Constant communion and reliance on the Master." Spurgeon was lost behind the cross. You look for the man. He is out of sight, hid in the shadow of the Master. We might well use the words of the men of Corinth to Paul, " His bodily presence is weak," but his words, like Paul'6 letters, are weighty and powerful. I heard Mark Guy Pearse in Bristol, a man of an altogether different stamp, but filled with the Spirit and presence of Christ. His theme in the morning—" Who healeth all thy diseases." In the evening—" Who forgiveth all thine iniquities." I can only find time for one or two quotations, allowing your readers to do the filling- in between the lines:— "He forgiveth all thine iniquities." "Doth no man condemn thee ?" " No man, Lord." "Neither do I." Christ presents Himself. The accusers are gone. No condemnation. A clear sky. " Who forgiveth ALL." Why, its the first music of heaven. Bless the Lord. We'll praise Him where there are no clocks to mark the flight of time. I was walking on the Cornish coast. Dinner time. The children had left the beach. There were faces drawn, holes dug, castles built, tracks of naked feet hither and thither. So all my life lies beneath Thine eye. Whence I came. Whither I have gone, There it is—the record of all my past. As I thought, in came a crisp and curling wave, and laughed as it came, as if it knew what it was doing, and then back again. But all had been swept away,—castles gone, pits filled, footprints vanished. O God, I thank Thee for this sight. So the blood of Christ blots all out. Having forgiven ALL your trespasses, blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against me, . . . nailing it to His cross. But soon I had to retreat, for the great Atlantic breakers came sweeping over them all. This, thought I, completes it. " Thou hast buried all in the depths of the sea." ALL! Imagine one unforgiven sin. A scene in heaven 50, 500, or 5,000 years hence. A hubbub at heaven's door. The accuser of the brethren outBide. He wants me. One of thy sins forgotten. He has been raking over the ash-heap of eternity, and has found one. I think they would never sing in heaven afterwards—wondering if one of their sins had been forgotten. Sweet are the echoes of the Scottish lakes. Have you ever tried the echoes of Calvary ? I hear it over childhood, manhood ; over all the dark and hollow places of my life. All! all! all! I hear it far off as my influence has gone. Look up into the face of the crucified. I hear it going away for ever. For ever! For ever! It's mine. Let us claim it. Oh, glorious God, Thou art here, make us to know that Thou forgivest all our iniquities. I visited the north of England and met a number of Primitive Methodist ministers and friends. Many and kindly were the enquiries for Australian friends; the names of Revs. Howcliin, Watson, and Cooke, being very lovingly remembered. When announced on a Primitive Methodist missionary platform that a stranger from Australia was to say a few words, enthusiastic was the welcome given. Nothing strikes me so much in England as the immense amount of religious work everywhere. Temperance, and religion hand in hand, working with might and main to win " England for Christ." The "Salvation Army" is working its way everywhere, and seems destined to live. Such sights as occurred at Worthing, or even in Clare, South Australia, are happily not very common, and many of the best workers, I have met from other churches are wishing them God speed. One evening I visitod a class meeting at Falmouth, three present; from there to the Salvation Army hohneBs meeting, where a hundred and fifty were assembled, telling what Christ bad done for them. One thing I am assured on every side. They are inviting other churches to greater earnestness and zeal in the Master's service. One form of religious work pleases me immensely, and may be a hint for some benevolent South Australian Christian worker. The immense placards containing texts of Scripture on railway stations and in waiting rooms, The first thing that attracted my attention when getting out of the train at Edinburgh was " God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son &c.;" I must reserve for a future letter further impressions. My friends will be pleased to know that I leave for Palestine on Monday, and purpose landing in Australia by the "Austral" on December 27 if the Lord wills. " I will trust, and not be afraid." WILLIAM G. TOEB. Bath, England, 