[?] 5000 visitobs at the Art Gallery on Monday. Between 7000 and 8000 people at Manly on Mon day. .? Gundagai polling- day, the 22nd instant. Canter bury, ttie 19th. Bbitish Columbia would like to exclude Chinamen. Canada, overrules. 600oz. gold found in some specimens just discovered in the Wilmot Extended. Mattees in China 6eem to point to the long expected, crisis with France. Iiush- Amekicans of the Rossa type are being closely I watched by the Parisian police. Commodore Erskine and the crew of the Nelson will leave Sydney in October next. bEVEN escaped recidivistes who landed in Queens land have been sent back to Noumea. Victorian Chief Secretary says Victoria can lose nothing but gain much by federation. Jewels worth £300,000 were thown by the Mdha rajah of Burdwan at the Calcutta Exhibition. Tub steamer Richmond seems to be in a bad way. The tank lifting scheme has been abandoned. Mn. 11. T. Booth starts here on the 4th proximo, at the Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park. Hon. J. L. Parsons is leaving Adelaide for the Residency at Port Darwin, amidst many farewells. The O'Donoghue has denounced the Irish- American faction as the contaminating element in Irish political life. The Nicaragua Canal project, according to a despatch dated the 28th January, has. been virtually abandoned. The first edition of the Queen's book, consisting of 10,000: copies, was sold out a few hours after it was published. His Excellency the Governor, Lord Augustus Loftus, left in H.M.S.' Miranda for Norfolk Island on the 12th inetant. If .the Imperial Government will not annex Egypt they have at any rate decided on'a British occupation of the Red Sea ports. Proposed improvements at Botany dams will cause a daily supply of 15 gallons per head. Mr. Wright said that was a fair thing. A gang of horsestealers just broken up in the Queanbeyan district. Six valuable horses recaptured, and one man in custody. In a fit. of madness a man at Gladstone (South Australia) severed his windpipe with a razor last week. Adelaide arid Wairarapa collision resulted in Cap tain Lockyer, of the Adelaide, getting his certificate suspended' for two months. Ma. Bebkt and the Major are not good friends now. The Major being 'out,' is misanthropical. Mr. Berry being ' in,' is sanguine. Miss Emily Faithful, the English philanthropist, has anived in San Francisco, and is to deliver lectures for the benefit of the Kindergarten there. Grand bazaar at Aietoourne Town Hall just opened by Chief -Justice Stawell. It is in aid of the Hospital for Incurable?, and £4000 is anticipated. Discreditable muddling on the part of the. Go vernment officials in connection with the quarantining of the P and OSS. Some «t Melbourne. At the battle of Zareba the enemy was between 10,000 and 12,000 strong, the losses being officially given as over 2000 killed, besides many wounded. The track from Katoomba to the Fish Biver Caves has been marked by Mr. Cooper, surveyor of parks, and Mr. Edward Hayes, of the Mines Department. An eminent English physician declares that betting an. I gambling are equally injurious to morals. and to health, often leading to drunkenness and ending in suicide. It is reported that the University presees of Oxford and Cambridge will have ready for issue before six months hence 'The Revised Version ol the Old Testament.' Lord Garmotle is described by 'Archibald Forbes as -a youth of the vacuous masher type, with a fatuous predilection for making proposals of marriage to actresses. It is Baid that the recent fatil accident at the Tubal Cain mine,' Walhalia, was owing to the lack of proper appliances. Considerable exeitement and indignation in the district. A- Chinese mandarin who is returning home expresses liimself highly gratified with the anti opiurn movement. Mr. Tart doesn't think it has gone far enough yet. The Immigration Board were hard at work on Satur- day at, the Orient Company's steamship Cambodia, and succeeded in clearing the vessel of all her living freight before the afternoon. Sm. G. W. Des Vcbttx, Governor of Fiji, Miss Dee Vceux,*nd Sir Henry Wrenfordeley, the Chief Justice of Fiji, arrived on. the 12th instant by the A. S. N. Company's ateamship Cintra. We understand that the Bishop of Sydney hai con sented to bicome vice-patron of the Bible Society in this%)tony, and that he has promised to'give the society his sympathy and support. The Apache Indians of Arizona gave the 'United States Government a substantial pledge of peace on January 27 by sending 55 of their children to the Carlisle Training School in Pennsylvania. The German press prognosticate all sorts of things concerning the Russian occupation of Merr, and even people 'in: St. Petersburg express surprise at the apparent . philosophical - indifference snown by England. - . ? Bbngling in connection with the commissariat de partment at Windsor camp. A lot of butcher s meat aliovred to stay in the sun at the railway-station, and sent on for human consumption after it had become semi-putrid. ??_.,:' Tub customs officials of Moama have, issued a return showing the value of imports and exports via Moama for the quarter ending 31st March. The value of the imports amounted to £64,562, and the value of exports for the same period to £54,157. The duty received was £788 16s. 3d. On Saturday morning the Inspector of Nuisances made en inspection of the dairies in the western division of the city. Nineteen dairies were visited, the result being tolerably satisfactory, so far as cleanliness was, concerned, but (here are other points conneoted with them deserving of very serious consideration. Tmre the Britbatte Courier re the recent libel action :— ' If it. should prove that the repair of that weak point in our constitutional machinery, the Elections and Qualifications Committee, has 'been facilitated by the case just concluded, we shall not regret anjrvexpense or anndyance that it may have caused us.' The Premier of New Zealand (Major Atkinson), re plying to a question at Hawera, said he held that presently the colony would revert to denominationalisin in a modified form in the large centres of population. He did not think the country was yet ripe for the change, but he did not doubt that it would shortly come to it. - The inhabitants of Dubbo and the district -(says the Dispatch) having tendered to the Chief. Justice an invi tation to a publio banquet, and his Honor having accepted the same, it was decided that the banquet be held on the evening of the 19th. The compliment to the Chief Justice is intended to mark Sir James's firat visit to Dubbo. Mr. Oscae Wilde has just delirereu his hundredth lecture since his return from America, and his ' dates are filled1' to the end of March ; then he resigns the lily for the orange blossoms. He thinks of an Aus tralian tour, with a view, he says, of, if possible, re forming the ugly shape of that country as depicted in modern maps, and wUl come home via Japan. A bill was introduced into the British House of Commons on February 6, by Sir Charles Dilke, Sir W. Harcourt, and Mr. Chamberlain, the object of which is to provide that in all elections, whether parliamentary or municipal, in boroughs with more than 5000 electors, the hours of polling shall be extended from 8 o'clock in the morning until 8 in the evening of the same day. Between 7 and 8 o'clock on Tuesday morning the dead body of a man was found floating in the waters of Farm Cove, and was removed by the Water Police to the morgue at Circular Quay. The body, which has not yet been identified, ia supposed to be that of the unfortunate man Peter Davis, late mate of the barque Prospector, who fell overboard in Sydney Cove whilst that vessel was leaving for Newcastle on the evening of ths 9th instant. The prizes given by the Art Society of New South Wales, in connection with their first exhibition of piotures in black and white, were awarded on the 10th instant, the eucceEsful competitors being — Mr. G. R. Ash ton, first prize of 20 guineas for his picture entitled 'Eventide;' Mr. Julian R. Ashton, second prize, 10 guineas, picture, ' The Trysting Place ;' Mr. Louis Frank, third prize of 5 guineas, picture, ' In the Stfamp, Macquarie Lake.' Messrs. W. H. Paling and Co., the well-known musical importers, have just received from Paris a magnificent cottage Erard, probably the finest of the many fine specimens of that maker that has ever come to this colony. The instrument is a mass of handsome marqueterie work of various woods, ivory, malachite, mother-o' -pearl, heavily gilt brass, and other materials. Style, Louis 16th. The piano is on exhibition at the George-Etreet warehouse, and fully deserves a vL-it. A return obtained by the Government shows that the New Zealand Education Boards spend one twielfth part of the whole iucome of the colony. It is proposed that only primary schools shall be supported at the expense of the State, and then only those children are to be free from fees whose parents are able to prove that they are not in a position to pay. Those who want more than the 'three RV will hare to pay the cost for themselves. The feeling of the country goes with the proposal. A youth named Walter Collesa, eon of Mr. John Golless, who was killed by a coach accident at Cobar, is now lying in Bourke (the Central Australian states) in a precarious state, arising oat of a fall from a horse, somewhere near Tantabulla, about 10 days ago. As the poor young fellow, who ib supposed to have re oeived severe internal injuries, besides sustaining con cussion of the brain, has never fully recovered con sciousness, it is impossible to give full details of the accident The following candidates (30) passed the last en trance examination in connection with the Sydney High School : — Girls : Booth, Bowes, J. Copeland, L. Copeland, Dunshea, Ewan, Farleigb, Fisher, R. Harber, Lloyd, M'Donnell, Merriman, Mills, Sherwin, Stephen son, Ward. Boyss W. D. Schrader, Fort-street school ; A. Eden, Cleveland-street school ; J. Nancarrow, Fort street ; R. Mackay, Tumut Publio school ; E. Martin, Parramatta Public school; W. Scowen, C. E. Smith, W. Beeton, H, Jardine, A. Fraser, J. Perkins, G. Rosenthal, J. E. Paul, L. Samson. The Brewarrina Express relates an incident that might have terminated fatally from Moleton Plains. Two men left the camp of one contractor with the object of proceeding to that of another, about a mile and a-half distant. However, they disagreed about the track and ia consequence separated. It is evident that one only could be right, and upon arriving at his desti nation and telling his tale, hie erstwhile companion not turning up, it was considered advisable to make a search. A black tracker waa sent from the Btation, and a young man with considerable experience in bush eraf t was des patched by the contractor, and ultimately succeeded in tracking and finding the missing man, who waa com pletely exhausted and speechless. It is generally allowed (says the Bourke Watchman) that it muBt be hard times when the kangaroos come into town of their own accord, but a day or two ago some seven or eight came past the cemetery and were proceed ingjdown Sturt- street, .presumably to the river, when some doga eet upon them and. dispersed them. None of the dogs were killers, so the 'hoppers' got off soot tree, but it is worthy of remark, as showing the condi tion of their feeding ground, that one old cattle dog headed and turned them two or three times between Sturt-street and the hospital. Another dog was a New foundland pup, some eight months old, and he kept welt *t their heels, or tails. In ordinary good condi tion neither of these doga could have kept near them for 10 yards. A gbahd bazaar, in aid of St. Patrick's Convent Build ing Fund, Parranlatta, was opened on Monday by the .Venerable Archdeacon Rigney in the Town Hall. The Rev. Fathers Hewitt, and Harnett, together with Messrs. Hugh Taylor, M.L.A., J. J. Taylor, and Denning, were among, those present. There were six stalls, presided over by Mesdames i Taylor, Ferris, Dunn, Miller, Kelly, Rigney, White, Stapleton, Mara, Delow, Ashby, Ward, Delaney, M'Cullough, Moore, and M'Auley. The refreshments were under the manage ment of Mrs. Greaaey. The various stalls were plenti fully supplied with useful and artistic articles, many of the exhibits being works of art. The trial of W, Everett Stone, charged with obtain ing goods under false pretences, took place on Tuesday at the Quarter Sessions and resulted in the ^conviction of prisoner, who was sentenced to five years' imprison ment. During the hearing of the case the Grown proposed to call evidence to prove a previous conviction against the prisoner, who vehemently objected to such a course being adopted until the jury bad found him guilty.' During 'his protest his remarks eeemed to excite the sympathy' of certain persons in'the~body of the court, and one man who had been detected in the act of applauding was promptly brought before the Judge. The offender, however, was so abject in his apology, and pleaded his inexperience in regard to court etiquette with such apparent truth, that he waa released, and retired with considerable expedition. King Tawhaio, the New Zealand monarch, who arrived here last week on his way to England, took his departure from Sydney on the 12th inst by the R.M.S. Sorata. Previous to embarking, the King and his suite were entertained at breakfast by Mr. Quong Tart, at his rooms in the Sydney Arcade. King Tawhaio seemed highly delighted with the sumptuous repast placed before him, and he expressed his eeaee of gratitude to Mr. Quong Tart for his kindness. As a mark of his appreciation of Mr. Quong Tart's hos pitality, the King presented him with a magnificent specimen of New Zealand greenstone, which he said had been in his possession for no less than 20 years. Mr. Quong Tart appropriately thanked the King for his present, and he wished him every success in the embassy which he was about to undertake. The Brisbane Courier thus dismisses the libel case brought against that journal by the Government : — ' The result of the Courier prosecution is what might have been anticipated. The juiy returned a verdict of not guilty, after a few minutes' deliberation, and the Judge said he coincided in their decision. It is not our intention to say anything more, or to allow any further discussion in these columns on this matter, so far as it affects ourselves, and the public, who have before them all that was said and brought out during the trial, will not misunderstand our silence. The constitution of the Elections and Qualifications Committee is of course a matter on which a great deal more may have to be said. If it should prove 'that the repair of that weak point ia our constitutional machinery has been facili tated by the case just concluded, we shall not regret any expense or annoyance that it may have caused us.' William Hampson, the young artilleryman, who was sentenced at the Water Police Court to 96 hoars' imprisonment and 15 lashes for persisting in indecent conduct in William-street, received the latter portion of his punishment on the 10th instant at the Wool loomooloo watchhouse. Dr. Egan was in attendance, and finding the prisoner in a fit condition to bear the flogging, he ordered it to be administered. The punishment, which was inflicted by the usual hand, was severe, and left the man's back much discoloured, though only slightly bleeding. Hamp6oo, who was ^hori and stoutly built, bore a good character previous to his present disgusting offence, having received promotion as well as good-conduct badges, and had he. remained sober in all probability he would have escaped the degradation he now suffers. He walked firmly to the triangle, as it convinced that his punish ment was merited, and though he writhed and clutched the air with his hands, the hardest stroke he received failed to elicit a yell from him. It would appear from a report published that ?so far from there being any abatement in the severity of the typhoid, or enteric, fever epidemic, there has been a considerable amount of increase in the number of persons attacked by the disease. Between the 1st January and Saturday last, 12th April, no fewer than 340 persons were conveyed to the Coast Hospital, at Little Bay. Of that number 106 were suffering from the fever, and 234, who had been in hospitals, were in the convalescent stage. Of the 103 fever patients sent to Little Bay, 28 were discharged, and 5 died. There are at present in the institution 73 fever patients. Of the 234 patients in a convales cent etage who were admitted, 191 have been dis charged, leaving in the convalescent division of the hospital 53 persons. The total number of typhoid patients in the hospital at the present time (including those in a convalescent stage) is 126. There are also in the Sydney, Prinoe Alfred, and St. Vincent's Hos pitals, about 63 patients. It would seem that there are two Bides to federation even in New Zealand. Thus writes a Wellington cor respondent of an Adelaide paper : — ' One of the most extraordinary acts is being perpetrated by our Premier and Colonial Treasurer Major Atkinson). At a time when the colony is full of trouble and financial diffi culties staring it in the face, when there is a cry throughout the length and breadth of the land for amendment to our existing land laws, Major Atkinson propose 3 to itinerate New Zealand to lecture on federa tion, just as he did upon compulsory national insurance with a poll tax. Such an act will be too trying for publio patience, when a Colonial Treasurer is anxiously looked to to deal with a rapidly failing revenue and an education system that has been permitted to drift into a state of confusion and almost helpless embarrass ment. With these and other grave necessities Btaring us in the face, the people of this country have^no inclination to attempt to solve the profound problem which is to work out the scheme of federation.' In connection with the recent proceedings in the Presbyterian General Assembly we are requested by the Rev. G. Maolnnee, B.D., the scrutineer appointed by the Moderator in the division on the question of Union with the Synod of Eastern Australia, to publish the division list. For the motion that the Assembly open negotiations with the Synod, there voted the Rev. Dr. Geekie, D. Moore, W. J. Outhbert, T. E. Clouston, A. A. Aspinall, W. Gardner, G. Maclnnes, A. Oaborne, A. Gardiner, J. Paton, Dr, Moore White, R, Jackson (Tumut), J. Adam, ' and Messrs. J. S. Adam and A. Dodds (15). For the amendment that the Assembly receive any overtures made by the Synod, there voted the Rev. J. H. Craig, W. Mackenzie, E.Holland, J. Burgess, J. Cameron, P. Fitzgerald, J. Lamont, J. Bannatyne, D. Allan, W. Bain, J. Ayling, R. H. Waugh, W. Baker, E. Bisset, R. Kay, J.'Auld, G. Grimm, R. Collie, Dr. Fullerton, R. S. Paterson, T. J. Curtis, R. M'Kinnon, J. Walker, J. C. M -Donald, and Messrs. Symea and Goodlet (26). The Lithgow Mercury reports that on Good Friday the body of a respectably dressed man was discovered in the bush near Middle River by Mr. William Cornish, of Lithgow. The latter was out shooting wallabies wth two companions, and he was. traversing a gully about 3| miles to the north of the town, over the moun tains at the back of the Ironworks, whilst the other two men remained at the top of the dins immediately above. On coming to a spot where two rocks stand side by side his attention was suddenly attracted by the body, which was lying on its baok between the rocks, It was much decomposed, the features being unrecognisable, and bad evidently lain as described for many months. The deceased wore a light tweed suit, the coat being buttoned, a white shirt, black necktie, and whiskers inolined to a reddish hue. His height was about 5 feet 8 or 9 inches, as nearly as oould. be judged. On the rook, a foot or two above the body, was a box of cartridges, and in the centre of the forehead there was a hole which appeared to have been caused by a bullet, but no weapon was observed. In reference to a journey from Wilcannia to Yan darlo we have been requested to publish the following extract from a private letter : — ' Bad as was the road from Hay to Wilcannia it was worse from Wilcannia here. No natural feed for the horses, and when what we carried with us had given out there was none to be bought for love or money. Yetj little water, what there was being generally undrinkable — the waterholes full of dead cattle. The people along the road told us they had lost most, some all, of their stock. One man said 3000 out of his 9000 cattle had been drowned in a waterhole. The roads were bo heavy that we could seldom do more than six miles between 10 a,m. and 11 p.m. Somotimes we had to take the horses from the waggon, and go on without it to the water, returning for it next morning. I have travelled as much as most people in New South Wales and Queensland, but never saw the equal of this country ; nevertheless the settlers all eay it is very much better in a fairly good season. We were very thankful to reash Yandarlo at last, where there is plenty of stored water, which is liberally dis pensed to unfortunates who have to travel in dry times.' The twenty-seventh annual report presented to the members and friends of the Unitarian Church, at the general meeting held on the 26th ultimo, shows that the church has continued to progress under the pastorate of the Rev. A. B. Gamm. The services have been well attended and the membership has increased, the result being that the funds have also been aug mented. Reference is made to the Floral Service which was held in September. Several alterations and im provements have been made in the church, but the report says many more arc needed, and might be dona were the necessary funds forthcoming. The interior of the building needs renovation and adornment, and other necessary things are required to complete it, so as to make it comfortable and harmonious in design. The death of the late Mr. William MacDonnell, oue of the founders of the Unitarian Church in Sydney, is alluded to in feeling terms in the report. The com - mittee duly acknowledge the services rendered by the organist and ladies and gentlemen forming the choir. In conclusion the report deals with the religious in struction of the young, provision for which has been made by the formation of a juvenile class. To outside readers prosecutions in Fiji under the coloured labour ordinances seem to result in rather heavy penalties. The Fiji Times, of March 29, reports 'that Mr. Edwards, the plantation manager of the New Zealand Sugar Refining Company's plantation on the Ba River, made a contract with the natives to clear some land of balawa trees ; and as the men demanded payment while the work remained unfinished, tbo matter came before Mr. Ross, who fined Mr. Edwards £10 under section 5 of ordinance :?:, 1883, for acting upon a contract entered into without forwarding to the stipendiary magistrate of the district the memorandum of such contract at tested to by two witneeses, oho being a native. In a second case, brought sgainst Mr. Patterson, the general manager, for ringing the lali to send the men to work before 7 a.m., a further fine of £10 was inflicted ; and upon a third charge of neglecting to supply necessary medical comforts, an additional fine of £10 was im posed. In course of the case it transpired that the 'medical comfort' wanting was a regulation water closet. In all these cases Mr. Ross acted as informant, prosecutor, and magistrate.' The Government Gazette of 10th instant contains tho following copy of a mandate which has been issued by the Queen, upon the application of the Archbishop of Canterbury, for the consecration of the Reverend Sydney Linton, M.A., to be a bishop : — ' Victoria Reg. — To the Most Reverend Father in God, Edward White, by Divine Providence Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England and Metropolitan. Greeting : Whereas you the said Archbishop have humbly applied to us for our license by warrant under our sign-manual and signet, authorising and empowering you to consecrate our trusty and well-beloved the Reverend Sydney Lintoa, Master of Arts, to be a Bishop, to the intent that he should exercise his functions in one of our possessions abroad, now it is our will and pleasure, and we do by -this ou; license under our sign-manual and signet, authorise and empower you, the said Archbishop, to consecrate the said Sydney Linton to be a Bishop ; and we do further authorise and empower you to do, per form, and execute all and singular those things which belong to your pastoral office in respect of such conse cration as aforesaid, according to the laws, statutes, and canons in this behalf made and provided.' The following document, containing the opinion of counsel on the case eent home in connection with the late exchange of pulpits, has been forwarded to the Church of England Messenger for publication : — ?' We, the undersigned, desire the opinion of counsel on the following point, — Was.it unlawful for the Bishop of Melbourne to permit the Rev. O. Strong to preach in the Church of St. Paul, Melbourne, under the circumstances eet forth in the accompanying case ? — J. Melbourne, G. O. Vance, W. Chalmers.' (Copy of opinion.) 'We are of opinion that the responsibility of preventing persons not ordained from preaching rests primarily on the incum bent and the churchwardens of churches, and that a person not £0 qualified ought not to apply to a bishop for a license, and that it should not be granted to him if ho do so apply. — J. Parker Dean, Arthur Charles, F. Bt. Jeune, Temple, 9th February, 18B4. Thomas T. a'Beckett.' The Bishop of Melbourne feels himself ?precluded by the above opinion from authorising any minister or member of any denomination other than the Church of England to* preach in any church or chapel of the Baid Church of England. The Western Advocate (Orange) remarks : — ' Some members chose to regard the amount of salaries given to teachers as the main item of expense and reprobated paying such high premiums. Money paid in this direction is net wasted provided care is taken that tho high officer is fully competent. The mistake which has been made is, that regardless of the regulations, incompetent men are allowed to hold high positions, consequently the results are not commensurate with the cost. In the classification of teachers it is provided that a certain position must be gained to qualify a teacher to hold a certain school, that is according to the rank gained by examination, the appointment would be made to schools corresponding with the grade of classicnation. Old teachers not holding the required classification to entitle them to retain the schools they held under the old regime were allowed to present themselves for examination. Some qualified themselves, whilst others did not, but we are not aware that their failure to do so made the slightest difference ia their position. If this is the case the whole thing was a farce and scarcely likely to secure public confidence in the administration of the Educa tion Department.' The Rev. T. S. Forsaitb, the founder, and for many years minister, of the Congregational Church in Parra matto, arrived in Melbourne, from London, by the ship Berengaria on the 7th instant, and was a passenger by the overland express on Wednesday last, getting oat at Granville, and proceeding thence to his residence at Parramatta. Both Mr. and Mrs. Foreaitharein the enjoy ment of good health, and have been greatly benefited by their trip. Daring Mr. Forsaith'a absence, extending over a period of two yean and one month, he has visited Italy, Switzerland, Germany, and France, and would have visited Palestine on his return journey to the colonies but for the disturbances in the East. He was for three months in Venice, where he occupied the pulpit of the Presbyterian Church as a locum tcnens. These services are conducted in English, and the church is filled with tourists every Sunday. Mr. Foreaith has within the past few months sustained a serious Ios3. A considerable quantity of furniture pur chased by him in London, together with private papers, curios, antiques, figures, notes of travels, and sermons, went down in the collision in the English Channel when the Simla was lost. Fortunately, the furniture was partially insured, but the remainder of the articles have gone beyond reoovery. The YachtiDg a ad Excursion Map of Port Jackson recently published by Messrs. Higinbotham, Robinson, and Ilarrison, although it very clearly shows every bay and every island in the port from ' The Flats ' on the Parramatta River to the extreme point of North Head, is a sheet which may without inconvenience be carried in the pocket of a pleasure-seeker. The reserves, fore shore reservations!, and spots where fresh water may be obtained are plainly marked. The nomenclature, too, lias received proper attention. The positions of the city and buoIi of its suburbs as are near the harbour are deQDed, and there are tables showing the tides and moon phases from the present month to the end of the year. The information concerning reserves will be of great service to boating parties, as it will enable them to land in numerous places with a feeling of certainty that they are not trespassing on some private land. On ihe northern foreshore there are fortunately many long stretches where the 100 feet of reservation has been preserved. On the southern shore there are no reserva tion marks, a fact which is not pleasing. The naviga tion of that favourite secluded portion of the port known as Middle Harbour is likely to be considerably facilitated by this little map, and, in fact, taken as a whole, on the ecora of usefulness, it may be commended as a publica tion worthy of public attention. Captain* Evans, the superintendent of the Ballarat industrial schools, who visited Sydney for the purpose of inspecting the Vernon training ship, and making himself personally acquainted with the working of the reformatory system pursued on board that vessel, has returned to Victoria, His report on the subject (says tho Age) has not yet reached the Chief Secretary, but on his return to Melbourne Captain Evans called upon Mr. Berry and expressed verbally a few general im pressions whioh he had formed regarding the Yernon system. From them it appears that the personal in vestigation which he has made into the method of work ing, and the results achieved, has not tended to alter the view of Captain Evans regarding the relative merits of the reformatory systems in the two colonies. In the first plase, he strongly holds that the two systems do not at all admit of fair comparison respecting the results achieved by each, for the reason that whilst in Victoria all children sent to the industrial schools are of the criminal type, only 45 per cent, of those sent to the Vernon trainship require any reformatory effort, the remaining 55 per cent, being the offspring of respectable parents. Captain Evans was afforded every facility by Captain Neitenstein, of the Vernon, in making his in quiries, and his report will no doubt be a very in teresting document. The announcement of the death of Mr. J. S. Jones will be received with a feeling of sincere regret, espe cially by the members of the profession with which he was so long connected. The deceased was a native of Liverpool, England. After serving an apprenticeship of five years as a pupil teacher, he completed his pro fessional training under Dr. Temple, the present Biehop of Exeter, and on this prelate's recommendation, was selected by the Privy Council on Education to fill the position of teacher under the late National Board. On hie arrival in the early part of 1855, he received the appointment of head master of Cleveland -street school. Having filled this position for some time, he was next appointed principal of the Fort-street Training school, and afterwards received an appointment as inspector of schools, which latter office he filled for the paBt 16 yeare. He was one of the few teachers who gained the certificate of 1A, and he did much to raise the status and improve the educational system of the colony. His intellectual and educational attainments were of a high order. As an inspector he was regarded as being straightforward, outspoken, and genuine, and among the teaching profession he waa Bincerely and highly respected. He died of angina pectoris,' after two hours' illness An amusing defeat of the American spiritualist, Mr. Bastian, is announced from Vienna, where (says the Pall Mall Gazette) for some time the eminent medium has been the cause of much discussion among the higher and highest classes of society. The Crown Prince of Austria and Archduke John, having deter mined to sound the mysteries of Mr. Bastiau's art, arranged three seances at the Archduke's residence. The firet was held without any revelations, but before the second meeting began preparations were secretly made to catch the ghost in a trap. After the select audience had gathered in a dimly lighted room, a spirit clad in a garb of mourning silently entered, while the medium was apparently lying in the next room stiff and fast asleep. This room was separated from that in which the audience was assembled by a curtained doorway through whioh the ghost passed, m this entrance the conspirators, however, had fixed a secret door, which they could shut silently and instantly by touching a spring. While the mournful ghost was jutnng before the awe-struck assembly this door sud denly shut, and the ehost, who stood revealed as Mr. tf astian, vainly endeavoured to make his escape. The merriment of the company knew no bounds when the medium's Bhoes alone were found in the next room, wnere a few moments before Mr. Bastian had been lying m mesmeric sleep. The depression in spiritual istic circles is naturally very great.' Rightly or wrongly (exclaims the Albury Banner), «,„?' .' a loag timo been Pretty generally believed that certain Sydney laud agents have been in the habit or obtaining from various branches of the Lands Depart ment Bpeoial information which was not available to £LSr!2e-rai; ^l0' aQd whica therefore gave the tavoured individuals exceptional advantages in the con duct of their business. That such a system is essen tially improper, besides being unjust to other competi tors following the same calling, goes without saying ; but we regret to add its existence is not the only ground for complaint in this connection. It is within our- knowledge that several condi tional purchasers in this district, on applying to the Lands Department for their certificates of fulfilment of conditions, have been referred by the department to cer tain land agents, who, on being communicated with, are found to hold the certificates and expect payment for delivering the same. In one case the selector, without taking any action himself at all, received a letter from a Sydney land agent intimating that the writer held his certificate of compliance, and would forward it on re ceipt of the agent's charge. In neither case; referred to had the land agents been instructed to act for any of the seleotors, and the question that arises, is this : How did the agents obtain their information, and by what right did they secure possession of documents belonging to other people ? The Commissioners of Fisheries for New South Wales have just submitted their report to the Colonial Secretary, It is for the period extending from October, 1882 (the date on which the majority cf the present commissioners were appointed), to December 31, 1883. The commissioners were unable to furnish any report for the year 1882, in consequence of the books and documents having been destroyed in the Garden Palace fire. The report, after referring to the changes in. the commission caused by resignations, gives a resume of the work in connection with the International Fisheries Exhibition, and then points out that so far experience has proved that the Act is far from perfect. With the knowledge that the present Act was passed as a tentative measure, the commissioners have felt themselves justified in preparing a bill better adapted to the requirements of the public* and the result has been a Fisheries and Oyster Culture Bill, which they presented to the Colonial Secretary with a view to its being submitted to Parliament. This bill makes special reference to the sizes of meshes to be uBed, and also provides an improved method for dealing with the oyster beds. The report then deals exhaustively with the principle of oyster-bearing and fish-producing waters on the coast, whioh have been arranged for the eake of distinctness in three divisions — the home division, embracing all marine fisheries between Port Stephens in the north and Bherrewerre, St. George's BaBin, in the south ; the Northern division, which embraces all marine fisheries from Port Stephens to the northern boundary of the colony; and the Southern division, embracing the marine fisheriis from Bherrewerre to the southern boun dary of the colony. A meeting of persons favourable to the exercise of the prerogative of mercy in the case of William Rice, now under sentence of death for murder, was held iu the Trinity Church schoolroom, Argyle-place, Miller's Point, on Tuesday evening. There was an attendance of about 50, amongst those present being the Ven. Archdeacon King, the Rev. J. B. Lavers, Alderman Playfair, Alderman Hart, and Mrs. Bice, stepmother to the condemned. Mr. Playfair occupied the chair. Statements were made by various persons with resDect to certain acts on the part of the prisoner which they considered tended to show that he suffered from insanity, and remarks were made as to the want of proper training when ho was young. After further discussion it was decided to ask those who had made statements bearing on the question of the sanity of the prisoner, to put those state ments into writing, so that they might be forwarded to the Government; and it was also resolved to present to the Colonial Secretary a petition, of which the follow ing forms part : — ' That your petitioners entertain great doubts as to the sanity of the prisoner William Rice at the time of the commission of the offence by him for whioh he is now lying under sentence of death. That your petitioners are of opinion that immediate steps should be taken by the Executive Council to inquire into and ascertain the condition of mind of the prisoner William Rice at the time of the commission of such offence. That your petitioners earnestly and humbly pray that, even if it should be proved that the said William Rice was of sound mind at such time, the Executive Council will be pleased to exercise its prerogative of mercy towards the said William Rice on aocount of his youth.' A deputation having been appointed to wait upon Mr. Stuart with the petition, the meeting terminated. Nearly all who attended the meeting then signed the petition. The Mayor of Melbourne, accompanied by the team of Victorian bowlers who have come here to compete with local players, paid a complimentary visit to the Mayor of Sydney at the Town Hall on 12th instant. Mr. Smith was introduced to Mr. Hardie by Alderman John Young, and a number of Sydney gentlemen were also present. Mr. Hardie gave his worship of Melbourne and his companions a hearty welcome to the city. He : expressed the interest he experienced in connection ' with intercolonial bowling matches, and he hoped these would be perpetuated. In speaking of the federation of the colonies, he considered the expedient as unneces sary so far as Sydney and Melbourne were concerned, for their respective councils were in most 'harmonious relation with each other. He concluded by proposing the health of the Mayor of Melbourne. The toast was cordially drunk, and was responded to by Mr. Smith, This gentleman said he had not anticipated the pleasure of a greeting of this kind, as he had come here simply as a private member of a bowling team. He reciprocated the compliments ex pressed by the Mayor of Sydney, and said that his visit to the city, was of a delightful character. He added that in the matter of road-paving Melbourne had taken a hint trom Sydney, and . was adopting her splendid method of using wooden blocks. He then asked those present to drink the health of the Mayor of Sydney, and his request was heartily responded to all round. Mr. Hardie proposed the health of Mr. Mark Moss, president of the Victorian team, and of his companions, and he stated his intention of present ing a gold medal, to the successful side in the forth coming match, Mr. Moss returned thanks not alone for the present honour, but for the hospitality which was invariably extended here to Victorian players. The health of Alderman John Young, who had popularised bowls here, was also drunk, and the party then proceeded to inspect the building and to ascend the tower, from which so pleasing and extensive a view of the city may be obtained, A total eclipse of the moon occurred on the 10th inst It was very cloudy at Sydney, and therefore it was impossible to observe the small stare which Mr. Otto Struve, the principal astronomer in Russia, had asked to be noticed for the purpose of de termining the diameter of the moon. The com mencement of the eclipse waa lost in cloud, and when the first star should have dis appeared behind the moon, a dense cloud obscured everything. A like misfortune attended the ingress and egress of all the other stars mentioned in Mr. Struve's list. Although' during the^latter part of the eclipse the bright part of the moon could be distinctly seen there was still sufficient cloud to obscure all the interesting colour effects which usually mark the progress of a lunar eclipse. At 9 hours 43 minutes a promising break in the clouds occurred, and two of the stars to be occulted were ob served close to the moon's limb, but before they reached it a cloud blotted oat all chance of observation, The commencement of the total phase was observed at 9 hours 16 minutes. At 10 hours 43 minutes a break in the cloud enabled Mr. H. C. Russell, Govern ment Astronomer, to see that the total phase was over. The predicted time was 10 hours 88 minutes. The last contact of the shadow occurred at 11 hours 45 minutes, according to the predicted time. The stars mentioned by Mr. Struve were all selected to be observed during the time the moon's light was dimmed by toe shadow. The portion of the sky in which the moon was moving being very sparsely supplied with stars, only six were avail able from the known catalogues, and there were no stars of sufficient brilliance to be seen when the moon's light was not dimmed. It does not seem probable that any observers in the neighbourhood of Sydney were more successful than Mr. Russell, but it is hoped that Mr. Conder, superintendent of the trigo nometrical survey, who is now determining the longi tude of Coonabarabran, has been more fortunate. 