S "The Long Pack." High-np among the hills, on s wagon' Smad that runs through the Cascita pass, Is 5sa a small tavern, much frequented by com. tal nercial travellers, and which bears the odd vai title of "The Long Pack." the "Does that mean a long pack of cards!" lie inquired a traveller, glancing at the swing-. al ing signboard, which also represented the re weather.worn picture of -something faintly in reembling a soldier's overgrown knapsack. ma "No," replied the grey-headed landlord. thr "It means a peddler's pack. Nowadays ral thev call them sample cases, I believe," dic pointing to the baggage of several commer- ons Cialdrummersthat stood in a corner Yon an, see have a good dealof that sort of cus- He tom. I try to make the 'road boys' as in comfortable as possible, for I was a little too nal hard on their fraternity once." Sol "' How was that ?" wa "Well," said the mountain Boniface, get who bhad waited until his daughter, a buxom fin matron had left theroom, "Itain't a very 10 pleasant story, but I like to tell it some- his times, just to remind myself that the worst his thing a man can have in this world is a hot, pre obst?nate temper. You see, I came to this bE east soon after the gold lever broke out, ric and settled down in the Santa Barbara to valley, below here, ranching. I was a tc widower even then, and;had brought with Ms -me fromthe states my only child-a dang.- he ter, past seventeen. She was a pretty girl; a -If Idosay it, and heing.as goodas pretty, we you can imagine I was quite wrapped up xi in her. Of course, I was anxious to keep co her with me, and if not that, at least I fo! looked for her to do something better than sot fall in love with a peddler." Es * And she did?" wi " Yes :; you see, in those days the conn- to, try was foll of young fellows who had struck tot nut for themselves, and were trying to get he a start by carrying knick-knacks around sk from one mining camp to another. Some of an them were lively chaps enough and well loi educated, but I was fresh from the States, wi with all the western prejudices, and it almost 1h drove me wild when Nellie told me she lt ?snted to marry a young fellow who brought mi his pack through our district a good deal re oftener than the trade seemed to require. lei I was a hot- tempered fool in those days, so re I stormed, threatened, locked Nellie up for wi a week, and sent word to her lover that I fo had loaded my gun for wildcats and pd- be dlers." de "What did Nellie do?" cc "You might have guessed it, stranger.' st One day when I came back from a cattle th sale she wasmissing. I chased her a couple r of days, but they had taken to the tall tim. at her and it was nO use. After a while I got. al a letter from 'Frisco, and I wrote back say- r ing that I disowned her, and that he had ft better keep out of the range of my deer w rifle." . .t "What did you do then?" in "Saffered, mister- just suffered. I-knew di I was wrong, but I'd have.died rather than at _givein. For four years I lived like a toad to in a rock, hating the whole world. All the, m pleasure I had was in'watching forpeddlers. se The number I chased off the ranch dfring lii that time would astonish you. One evening, hi after a terrible rainstorm, one of the `tribi h came to my house and asked for ahelter for b. the night, He was a thin, weak looking .fellow. with h as ace v 'by lssj oormonsy long snd heavy pack, and seemed soezxhanltad with' his trampthrough the mire that I hadn't the heart to do more than order him off the place, - "That was pretty.hard," said the list ener. "I uppose it was. The peddler seemed all broke up when ho found I wouldn't it even gIve him a bunch of straw in the sts, fl ble, and no other house within-twelve miles. Insteadbf complainig; howeveir, he merely 'begged-that I would let him leave the pack, which he said contained goods of value, under shelter from the rain. I finally con seated to this. So, as I had sworn one of his trade should never cross my threshold, i, i carried his pack inside, while its owner -limped off to crawl under some bhush or other." " Didn't you feel mean ?" "Yes; mean and bitter at the same time, for something about the man reminded me of Nellie's huhsband a little. However. I locked and barred all the doors and win. k dows, as usual, for some road agents had been around those parts about that time, t and had stood up and robbed some ranch ar., and, as I told yon, I was all alone. Soln'ih'ow I couldn't -go to sleep when, after that, I went to bed. After tossing around for awhile, I got np and sºt by the ! fie, brooding over my trouble, sand tryng tg not to think of the poor devil shivering out 'there in the cold and rain somewhere. I looked at his pack sitting up in the corner, and wondered what made it so long. As I" -watched it, I fancied I saw it move." "Saw it move?" "Exactly, I wouldn't believe my eyes at first. but after watching intently for a while, I distinctly saw the front of a hand pressed against the canvas from the inside. Like a flash then I understood the whole thing..- The peddler was one of the road agent' gang, and, knowing I had consider. sale money about the house, they had adopted this plan for smuggling one of their crew inside the house. After I had gone to sleep, the fellow inside could let in the rest art' finish the job. I walked qaietly acreoss the room, took my.gun from the antlers, knelt down a few feet from the pack, aimed \- sqare, in the centre, and pulled the trg ?? Go on," murmured the listener, with a shadder. \- "Bat the gaun didn't go off," continued Stheilandlord, clearing his throat. "The .aipple was rusty and wouldn't work, vo I laid-down the rifle and got an axe from the kitchen. It had been newly ground that day,-and when I lifted it above my head, I counted upon cleaving that pack, -robber and all, clear to the floor. Just as raised the axe, and braced myself for the blow, I-. I seaw a ghost." "A ghost?" " Yes, sir. The pak opened, and I asw sticking out of its top the crnly yellow head, blue eyes, and rosy cheeks of my Nellie when she was a little tot of four. The shock staggered me so that I asak-o ny knees. I wpedmy eyes; ant wnia e& if I had mot gone cray. I was almost er taito .it, when the ghoe stretched oct & lair of chubby white arms, and usaid ' 'f'Deevain, drandpa' I" ." saih' d the guest, with a relieved sigh, "I begin to see,; And what did you do then ?" "I don't exactly know," said the land lord, softly, "but if there is anything that will bend a stiff, stubborn neck quicker than .the arms of a little child, I'd like-to know.what it is. I put the tired little priaoner down by the ire, opened:the door and held oat my arms." "And theamother-" a " Yes,"noddesthe landlord, ,theywee \- both there ;and, mister, I guam fit':t.e eadbf.my story," and the old maa ijped hIseyes.. " You mnut exse nme;n, stlne, butthat was :wtetvening, iod someho Sl-haren't got quite dry Ue "," ' " : ": : L ; -: !: 