A CRY OF JUSTICE FOR THE30PLE TO THE EDITOE, Sir— With great pleasure I haveead the letter of 'Civilized Heathen' in yr paper of the 14th insfc,, and am glad we aye got such men amongst us who can so eilv dis tinguish right from wrong, and matt public without fear, i have been just nowrivateiy informed that some of our authoras have made up their minds to make am stand against all Sunday business. So fan good ; but where I see the greatest injube they could poBsibly commit is that tb begin with the poorest of shopkeepers in wn, on which they lately let their blooduoria loose in such admirable huntsman-likeaanner. They can well say—' ' We are able to fc lollies for our children, and beer for purives on Saturday,' for their salary is a big 6, and it comes to them on a regular day id at a certain hour. Let me ask if every tir work man can say so too? Eh, think a Title ! If they want to do'such things, whylo they not get the Government first to a an ex ample by stopping Sunday trainsand3mcars? The Companies could stop them tlhselves, but that would interfere with theividend of their shares, perhaps ; and to 8b livery stables for letting out for hire will ieither. These are too rich, and will engage Ivocates and fight it out, so the very poorc of the poor must be tramped upon, and tbworking man must not be able to get a bitf 'bicca for the threepence he saved out ofs week's wages, nor his children even a feW)llies for it. Oh, Adelaide, what sorb of aan have you selected whom you callfather Before concluding! let me ask yet whynust en trance-fees be ' charged at the ;oological Gardens on Sundays when it I free on Mondays 1 I conclude it cai on mean to get money out of the poor man wl has only got the Sunday to spare to loc at such things, while the more wealthy eople can go on Monday for nothing, tnd.ot be an noyed by common people there tin. I will sigh for the person who wil sto have to come to make times better, ant help the ghost to find Hamlet. ' . I am, Sir, &c; \- jYNCH. 