A MYSTE RYTNT-H E~B AN K ENGLAND. OF Qjjjj day the directors of the Bank of ' Eoglai^ wer0 raueh perplsxed, and not a little anuo^d, wben the secretary read to them, at their usual sitting, tbe following ill-spelt and satoiWhftt curious letter :— s Xo "Genllemin off Bank England : Yoo <• C'think-yow is all safe hand your Bank his eeafe, butt i knows bettur. i bin hinside the Bank thee laBt 2 nite band yow nose •r muffin abowt it, -But i um nott a tbeaf, so bif yeo wilmettmee in tbe gre' squar mm ,-,,, p,erh'*irl "the moneiye, at twelf 2 nite lie, i! ixplain orl to yoew, let only 1, bor 2 enm alown, and flay nuffin 2 nobody.—John :.: Lgtniff. ' Toe-letter having been duly read, waB SB inigbt be expected, the topic of converse. ' tion and 'suggestion for some little time Some of tbe directors, thought it was t hoax. Otters thought-that under the ap naren ly ignor'aBtlv. written letter deeper •WjnyAtjty was* hiddln ! jVnt all agreed that » be safest way ..was 'to put* tbe letter.with proper ~ • iriBtrnetionp, into the bands of tbe detectives. i— rTbe detecrives looked grave. There was a j piot at'work, they saw, and with their usual ii >penetration they at onoe penetrated tbe •deepest depths of the iniquity. There is a very .large room underground ; wbfcre the faiige wealth of tbe bank is deposited—millions and millions\of English sovereigns, bars of gold, and hundred- • weights pf silver, with myriadB of notes. The deteotives, of course, knew that this room must bs the place which tbe writer of the letter haddeBignated.ae " tbe-gret equar Itis iulljof-treaflure. Its. floor is a V feolid j^tQii^ ;pavement, and itB walto roof, . fff 1^ ^noriarfl. of wrought iron and Bteel. R SHjWljthe-nrgblt lonfedetei;tiv6B wereissoreted zS&iths; WoJOi .^ut,tbey;;%»w<fnothing and beard vbtbiag with the -exception that sntao eaid%eyWearjl, -aboukpne or two o'clock, a «trange(-not# Ib^y could not account for. w«« fibesame, and tbe next when tbe board-dav of tbekifnlc^Ue 'onnd tbe wbole of the direotorsMpn^ld-lifcve treated tbe affair as an idle ^oCtrlgVteDtb.em had not their «ttenw)i3»l0erianof2^strongly called to tbe tgljlMtt^^^B'ioUowipg/iDOiaent: —/•', .^England." The obest was of oourse opened \- ;^}Bfore tbem- at once—suoh a thing being : Yery nnasaBl^and found to contain a Urge j ^aoket^T'tuoBt valuable paperB and seonr- - itieB whioh had been safely deposited in tbe vault. ^ith them was the following .» -Jettert— 6« '^tbe Bireotors of tbe Bank of England, Centleinen,'—-My "husband, who is an honest anaii» 9W>te to yon last week, and told you ibat be. jmii ionnd a .way — which be ^Jmevfa ie only known to himself — of Aettiog^ntb^onr ttrong room, and offered, « a ifrou would :meet him ' there at nigbt. to « -if hiatter. He bad never anything from tbat room exeept tbe jMiblivseS I>DX let deteotives upon bim, to : 36o-v t"fiat fce conld 45jT^o''lbera) r Whbbfer-inigbtwatcb.if he obose. Jiifii»ill^iJ»t JOB #Braatahiatiic^t,— This letter was more rayBt< ri<>uB than I e last. Tie only thing tbat w«s evident was that tlfe writer, > Ellen Smith," was e better scholar than Iter liutband, who Btsled himself "Jon Smiff." The detectives one shown the lettrr/and acted aooor'linaly. Of courBe tbey saw through ." the dodge." Tim rleverest .men were posted iu the room. In the morning they told a etrauge story. Tbey said tbat tbey saw a light at about twelve o'clock. It seemed to come from a datk lantern ; but directly tboy ran to the spot from whence tbe light prnoeeded, it went out, and the strictest search bad discovered nothing. The bank officials became ala>med. Tbey, however, agreed to do what perhaps won'd liave been wiser if done ot first—viz, >o depute a few of their number to visit tlie vault al'ine. So it was arranged that three gentlemen shuuld remain ID the str<'n<j room all nii<lit, and that i o one FIKB tliouid be wit'i them. Every suitab" , j precaution was taken when nii>ht came, l'iio f>e»tinel paced up and down nutniJe ; the detectives were not far off J and aft'-r tbe most rigor UB acaroh had been institu ed, the gentlemen were looked in. At Inst one of them, who paced tlm floor rather impatiently, banning t > think thai perliapB after all it was only a clever trick, c:ied out : •* You ghost, you secret visitor, you midnight, tbief, oome out! Ttiere in no one here bnt two gentlemen and myotlf. If yuu are afraid, I «ive you my w-ird of Imnnur as a geutlemau f'at the police are not here. Come out, I say !" It was more in jeEt tlinn in earne<t that Major 0., for lie was a military man, Hliouti d out the absurd epeccli, for, ns we have Eaid, be had begun to euspoct that after nil nomo praotifal joke was being adroitly carried ou as had more than once beforn been perpe- rated, and h« (lid not muob like being vicimised himself. His astonishment, however, was great whon, in reply, he beard o si range voice saying: If you have keptyonr worH, I wi 1 keep mine. Put out yuur light, for I've one, and then I'll eome." The major and bis fellow-directors did not much like putting out the ligl.tr> but they were not cowards, and, after some demur, it was done. Whore tbe voice came from was, however, a mystery, for t'>ere were no biding plnoes in the ?oom. every side being of thick, many.fluted iron and steel ; the ceiling was BIBO of tbe eame material. Wbentl'G light Was out tbey waited in eilenoe, wbi:e .tUo major grasped fi mly in one band a revolver, and in tlie other held the lantern and afewmutohes. For M lit! 1 while a low, grating sound was beard, and then a voice, evidemlv tbat of eome one in tbe room, eaid : " Are you tbree alone sure ?" The major, who oared for nothing in bodily form, struck a matob, and instantly a crash wa9 beard, and a low, smothered laugh. .When the matah was lighted nothing oould be detected—uo one was there. Again the major called upon (be my?, terioua someb >dy to come forth, and again a voice was beard, saying, How can I trust yon now ?" The major was angry, and bis companions alarmed, and alter trying in vain to trace tbe point whenoo the voice prooeeded, b exclaimed, Well, we'll put out tbe light again ; only enme quiokly, and make an end of this bother." So saying, he put out tbe light again. A moment or two after, the eame grating sound was he*rd, then the falling of some heavy body, and tbe next instant a m«n was visible standing in the middle of tho vault with a dark lantern in bis hand. Ofcoursn he came from somewhere, but the pnzzl< was—how? A ghost oould not have entered more mysteriously. Tbe man soon spoke for himself ; and tbe direotorF, who were still at a loss to ex. plain liis presenoe t'oerp, lisfned in astonish ment. It appeared ihot he was a poor man and obtained aprecBri <us livinu in asTanrr way. When the tide was low, it is th ouetom of a certa : ti class of people, unknow to refloed soolety, to enter the sewers, search for any "articles of value which may have keen washed down int'i them. It is very dangeroUB task, and, of oourse, revolt ing in the extreme, but they not intr^. qnently find very preoious things bidden in tbe filth. This man was one of those strange adventurers. - One night be bad discovered an opening leading to B'ime plaoe above. Tn re was a large eqnare stone, wbioh be found could be easily raised. He listened for some time and finding all was silent, lifted up th stane without much difSoul y, and found afte- some little investigation by the light of bis lantern, that he was in the strong room of a bank. These men, liko miners, can readily determine the exact spot ground under which they are; and b« soon bad s clue to the whole mystery. He told his wife, who was a woman of superior education to his own, of the whole affair ; and lie then wrote, as we have seeD, to tbe directors. Down in the sewer, he waa able to hear all their movements as well as if above ground, and thus was not only able to know their plans: bat to frnst-ete them, and of oourse oojld watoh bis timf to remove tbe small but valuable box, to leave tbe letters ou tbe table, and to,arjear so mysteriously. So orieiMd ttaonght of looking to tbe stone pavement, whidh was supposed to be solid and immovable, as it was known that there were no vanlts below, although the ir.n walls and doors had been carefully tested. Tbe mystery was now oleared up, and the man well rewarded. • 