PROPHECY, IV. ; We reached the neighbourhood of Anti christ and his time in our last article).. Even Daniel's language can never bear the wresting which some of the Futurists would put upon it, to the effect that the little horn was not to appear for a thou- sand years or more after the ten horns had risen. There is a contemporaneous ness implied ; that soon after they rose, if not as soon as they rose, " the little horn " was to rise among them, and con tend with some of them. And to this agreeB the reference of St. John in the 17th of Bevelation — "And the ten horns which thou saweBt are ten kings, which have received no kingdom as yet (i.e., not during St. John's time) ; but receive power as kings one hour (or simulta neously) with the Beast." Here the reigns are made coincident; not the Beast's reign be it observed partly with the kings, but the kings' reigns wholly parallel with the Beast's, or "little" horn's " reign. But now we come to the more particular juncture of time, suggested by. St. Paulr in his Epistle to the Thessalonians (ii.). Six centuries had elapsed since the death of Daniel the prophet. MeBsias had come and been cut off, not for Himself, but for i our sinB. Jerusalem was ready to pass1 away with its preparatory dispensation, and Bome was in her zenith of earthly glory, the undisputed mistress of the , world, when it pleased God to light another torch of truth ; or rather, taking these visions of Daniel as an unalterable basis of truth, to hand on the one torch rekindled, and explain to. His apostles what the advance of time and the exigen cies of the Christian dispensation de manded. The three first great empires,, with their kings and changes had gone by. The fourth remained, very great at present — " Domina rerum ," as her poet Horace, loved to speak of heathen Bome. What further of that vast Power ? Can . it ever fall and crumble like its pre decessors ? Has God changed His thought and decree about it and its dis memberment, suggested to Nobuchad- " nezzar and Daniel ? Chiefly, what about ' that peculiar power — that little horn kingdom — so insignificant at first, and so dimly understood in Daniel's day ? When is that power to make its appearance ? These were very natural questions for the Church to ask, and the Holy Spirit there fore inspired the apostles, particularly St. Paul, to take up the thread of prophecy and think and write upon this matter. All are evidently concerned, as Irenssus has pointed out, with one and the same thing — the looming out of that form of evil which was to come forth under the shadow and prestige of ancient Bome, though in the disguise of the profession of religion, and disturb the relations of the Church and of the whole world. Turn we then to St. Paul's account of the Man of Sin in the 2nd chapter of the Second Epistle to the Thessalonians. And, first of all, a few words as to this Man of Sin's identity with Antichrist. We must not be surprised at the change ' of symbol or metaphor here. We have already seen that parts of an imago, and a series of animals, may represent the same thing. So here, we heed not be stumbled at the same person being called a horn or a beast in one place, and a man of sin and son of perdition in another place ; and then again, at the same person . being designated as a drunken harlot elsewhere. It seems to depend upon the point of view or special characteristic to 1 be brought out at the time, as to what ; symbol is adopted in Scripture — here a king simply, there a system intellectually " wicked, here a church, symbolized by a horn, by a man, by a woman respec tively. Bishop Newton, speaking of the Man of Sin (in this Epistle to the Thessa lonians), says:— r" The tyrannical power described by Daniel and St., Paul, and. .. afterwards by St. John, is both by.., ancients and moderns generally denomi nated Antichrist." . . . "The Fathers,",, he adds, " speak , of Antichrist aud the . Man of Sin as one and the same," . . . ., , ,) concluding, " the Man of Sin, then, is that,. . same arbitrary power that is described by . Daniel under the character of the little . ; horn." But we must not trust- to Fathers or . any earthly teachers on so vital, a point: ... as this. To see what this common con- " sent rests upon, we must examine St. Paul's own words, which, although some-, what : amplified by direct instruction and further light from the Holy-Ghost, will..,, yet be found based, upon Daniel's predic tions. For instance, the apostle reminds the TheBsaloniahs that they ought to have known better than to have misunderstood his First Epistle, and made such a mistake ; as to Buppose that Christ's coming was at hand. .Now how could they thus be open to this rebuke unless thew had neglected. . the study of the Old Testament prophe cies relating to the changes which the Boman earth was to pass through ere Christ could come?; Just as St. John afterwards, speaks to Christians of that spirit of Antichrist, "whereof ye have heard, that it should come, and even: now. already is' it in the world, " i.e. in some incipient sense. There are two or three points of con- utruction also: confirming the argument' for resemblance Here. The ubo of the definite article before the words " falling away,"' "son of perdition," " mystery of iniquity," signifies, according to the genius of the Greek language, something tat had been spoken of before, and which would be recognised and well understood by the Jewish and Christian Churches. The apostle's expression, "Let no man deceive you by any means, looks in the same , direction, implying that God had spoken, already on the matter, and that he — rthe apostle — is only endorsing and enforcing inspired truth. Again, the very ideas, and some of the terms, of St. Paul are borrowed from the Prophet Daniel, showing that they refer to one and the same thing. Thus Daniel had described a parasitic growth of evil out of the Roman world, proving itself very pushing and blasphemous, flourish ing .for a time, and at last atterly destroyed. St. Paul's language is but a running commentary upon all this. He describes a power gradually developing out of the same earthly state ; it will be lawless and profane, exert a pernicious influence over the world, and he put an end to by the coming of Christ. The horn having the eyes of a man, and a mouth speaking great things, is now re cognised in the Man of Sin ; and even the delicate shade of distinction in the use of the words "consume and "destroy," supposed by some to denote the slow con sumption of error by the preached Word before the sudden destruction at last by the, Advent of the Saviour, even this we say is carefully preserved by the Apostle Paul. . _ Taking, therefore, this identity between Daniel's and St. Paul's Wicked One for granted, we proceed now to show that the peculiarity of St. Paul's account, and that which the Holy Spirit enabled him to reveal more clearly than had been seen heretofore, was the juncture of time or the synchronizing of certain epochs at which the' Man of Sin would appear and be developed. The Church is informed that it would bo as soon as some hinder ing power, whatever that might be, should be removed. Here was something defi nite that had never been explained before, and' calculated to rule the whole question of the rise and reign of Antichrist. In deed, it is important to remind ourselves here that St. Paul was dealing with the question of time in this Epistle. The Tbessalonian Church, suffering under some unusual bereavement, arising per haps from wide-spread pestilence or mar tyrdom, had been comforted by the apostle with the thought that when Christ came He would bring the saints with Him, and, therefore, their departed friends, and there would be reunion and joy again. But the ThesBalonian Christians had impro perly inferred from this assurance, that Christ's coming was imminent. So in this, his Second Epistle, he corrects this mis take; reminding them, with a kind of rep rimand; that they were forgetting the long arranged course of events predicted in the Bible — that certain things must happen first in a certain order ere that Wicked One could possibly be revealed, and so Christ come. " Remember ye not," he says, " that when I was yet with you, I told you of these things ? And now ye know what withholdeth that he may be revealed in hie time. For the mystery of iniquity doth already work : only: he that now letteth will let, until he be taken out of the way. Then shall that "Wicked be revealed." We shall see pre sently that this hindering power was pagan Rome, which strangely enough though an adversary to Christianity was nevertheless at this time, unconsciously sheltering it from a still greater adversary, because physically and materially prevent ing his manifestation by occupying his seat of power. But now it is obvious that we have here the birth time of Antichrist fixed at last. His rise and co-existence with the ten kingdoms, at or near their origination, is implied indeed in Daniel, so that there ls.no ground for the Futurist scheme even there ; but St. Paul goes farther than this. _ He boldly states that the mystery of iniquity doth already work like some thing beginning to ferment; and that as soon as a certain event happens, then the full development will come as a necessary consequence of cause and effect. In equivalent language the apostle tells us that the same event which causes the ten hornB to appear, viz., the decadence — not 'the destruction — of the Empire, causeB the little horn to appear also. In fact, as though to remove all possible ground of dispute, St. Paul takes no note of the dismemberment directly, but simply states that when imperial Rome shows its first signs .of decay in some signal cri sis and removal of the seat of power, then .—not till then, then and not afterwards — Antichrist will be seen to rise. We can conceive of only three theories here. One is, that the whole thing is yet future, and that Rome has not been rent into ten kingdoms— -a view contradicted by the Fathers of the Church, and the vouchers of history at every turn. Ano ther might be, that the Empire, still existing in its ten kingdoms, .is still the hindering power and must be removed ere Antichrist iB due, which as we have seen comes into collision with our former posi tion, viz., that he is to be found within and not without the Roman period. And lastly, there is this, our protectant view, which has been most constantly affirmed by the Church, that when Rome fell be fore the Goths, and was thus partially " taken out of the way," and her emper ors had removed themselves to Constan tinople, then Antichrist was revealed "in his time". 