SPORTING NOTES. THE TURF. : V.A.T.C. Entries. (from ODi: MKLBOORNE COliKESrONPENT.) Monday,. 1st December. The following are the entries for tho different vents to ba rim for at Caulfield on Boxing Day:— Selling Rack.—Stonebroke, Wildrake, Nuncio, Hannilral, Scaramouch, Castaway, Sir Charles, Xlie Bey, M'-stilko> Hui'titigton, Hopetown, Royal Irishman, Primus. The Summer Cup.—Achilles, King of tlio Gipsies, Impulse, Footman, Claptrap, Prometheus, Coriolamis, Chuckster, Vernet, Lesbia, Grace l)arling> Guesswork, Mrs. .larloy, Yately, Gres wick, Salvo, Muscat, Madcap, Agat.ha, Caineriuo, Boolka, Signer, Lord Wilton, Anchorite, Dan ell, Colston", Pfocious Stone, Dirk Hatteraiek. HaKdicap Hukdi.k Race. — Assegai, Sir Pitrick, Brenda, Sinking Fund, .Tet, Lady Teazle, Hazard, Tantaliser, Ontario, Belle Brandon, Spartan, Bros, Duustan, Hunter, Gasalier. Steeplechase. — Echo, Denmark, Chieftain, Kestrel, Blackthorn, Dollai, Alnlallah, Tarnl sticker, Erm, Kins John, Hetieent, Deceiver, Hector, Wymlet, Meander. .Malvern Handicap.—Achilles, King of tho Gipsies, Josephine, Miles, Middlemarch, Gay Lad, Claptrap, Ironmaster, Leporello, Qnoen of tli'o 'Sea, Bohemian, Chuckster, Duenna, St. Lawrence, Vfirnet, Ghost, Gipsy's Warning, Berkley, Scaramouche, Sirocco,_ Gymkhana, St. Toll" Meteor, Umborto, Hurricane, Creswiok, jjarut'i Von Mueller, Solo, Madge, Napier, Car buncle, Too Too, Paillero, Mookra, Boolka, Anaichy, Anchorite, Darrell, Colstoun, Precious Stone, Dirk Hatteraiek, and Mary. B ' CRICKET. The match betiveon the 1st elevens of the North Bendigo and Bendigo United Clubs, played at Back Creek 011 Saturday, resulted in a draw, Tho home club, who had not their best eleven, made 14G- aud North Bendigo pot IIS, for 4 wickets. For tha'latter J. Harry played a spirited innings for SI, not out;;and W. Harry got 1-1, and J. Roach 9. For tho seniors, Bayliss made -13; A. Mackay, 29; Hanallick, 19; W. Bruce, 14; and Heffernari, 9. In bowling for North Bendigo Roach got 3 wickets for 21; W. Harry. 5 for 50: and Matcott, 1 for 20 runs, while for the Bendigo United Manallick, Parker, 11. and W. Bruce, each got 1 wicket. Our .A xedale correspondent writes:—The Axe dale club journeyed to a place called Tait and Hamilton's, about 7 miles beyond Toolleen, 011 Saturday last, to meet tho NVhroo Club, who had come about 13 miles also. A very enjoyable game was tho result, Wliroo proving victorious by 42 runs. • Tho Whroo Club had with them a noted bowler named Hipgraves, who bowls an exceed ingly fast ball, and I10 ir>ade short work of the batsmen, talcing 7 wickets for 7 runs. The Capulets beat a mixed team of Eaglehawk rather easily 011 Saturday. The scares being : Eaglehawk, 22; Capulets, 9!); tho Capulets winning by 77 runs. 'J lie Golden Gully team defeated the Southern Cross in the Reserve on Saturday, for Owen and Traliston's junior cup. The Southern Cross in their second innings scored 30, Stovens 10 (not out) Ung the highest scorer. The match euded in a win for tho Gully by six wickets and "one 1 un. A match was played beteen tho Hit or Miss and the New Chum Juniors,which resulted in a victory for the former by IS runs. A match was played on Saturday between tlib Happy Valley and Specimen Hill clubs, which resulted in a victory for the former by 4 wickets and 1 rim. The scores being Specimen Hill, 93; Happy Valley, 91 with 4 wickets. Tlio Eaglehawk Juniors played tho North Bcmligo second eloven on Saturday, and defeated them by 35 runs. The scores stood—N. Bendigo, 30; K. Juniors, 6 ). The West Bendigo succeeded, after a close con test, in gaining a victory over the Kangaroo Flat by eight runs. The scores being—West Bendigo, S2; Kangaroo Flat, 74. A match was played 011 Saturday between tho Buckley-street and Little Ironbark cricket clubs, which resulted in easy victory for the Buckley by 10s' ruus and ti wickets to spare. The scores being -Buckley-street, 19S, and Little Ironbark 42. Southern Cross (second eloven) v. West End, in the Reserve to-morrow. Cross team: —M. Downed, Cantwell, Hogan, Hardie, Butler, Murphy, Coates, O'C'onnel, Hughes, Meagher, l)owues; reserve, O'Connor, Kenny. West End team:—Angwin, Brewer, Trevarrow, Catlin, Kershaw, Thompson, Whitelock, Lewis, M'Veigh, Jarrett and Dean; reserve, Carnduff, Quin and Lingham. Tho match West End v. North Sandhurst re sulted in a win for the former by 1C runs, the scores being West End GS, North Sandhurst 5S. Our Rochester correspondent writes:—A team of cricketers from Elmore paid us a visit 011 Satur day. Tho Elmoreites were tho first to take the wickets, and in their first innings managed to put together 50 runs.. Our local men then jvent in and scored 74 in their first innings; as timo was not up a second innings was entered into, when they run up tho respectable score of 120. Elmore again took the bat until warned of the near approach of the live o'clock train, they had to desist, four wickets being down for 21 ruus. _ The View Point and Coachbuilders met 111 the Upper Reserve on Saturday, and the latter were treated to an afternoon's leather hunting at the hands of the Pointers, who went fiist to the wickets, and ran up a total of 18S runs for three wickets. A match was played at Spring Gully between tho Spring Gully and Sheepshead Cricket Clubs, and resulted in a win for the former. Tho scores were Spring Gully Oil, Sheepshead 5G. View Point v. North Bendigo in tho Upper Reserve to-morrow:—View Point team—Bruce (2), Fly, M'Lean, Wilkins, A. Wood, Tully, Juncke, Allsop, Elliott, Roeder, Edwards, O'Neil, Murray, and Smith. North Bendigo team— Harry (2), Calverley, Roach, J. Matcott, Hicks, Stean, Youlden (2j, Chappie, and Cox. View Point v. the Eaglehawk 2nd eleven at Eaglehawk to-morrow:—View Point team Hunter, Symonds, Evans, Crawford, Webster, Matchett, Read, Omomi, xVrmstrong, Rvan, Colo, Mathieson, C. Reed, Wotherspoon, Muerilliou, Sproat, Hart, and Flat. Eaglehawk team— Hooper, Harvey, Bartle, Graham, Keast, Steward, Llewellyn, Hayman, Richards, Smith, M'Donnell; emergency—C, Matthews and Griffiths. North Bendigo Juniors will play a scratch match to-morrow between tho first eleven and next eighteen, in lieu of the match with the B.U.C.G. 2nd eleven, which has been cancelled. _ Star of Bendigo Tent v. Hope of Australia Tent to-morrow:—Star team—Quin, Honeybone, Ro.ss, Skilicorn, Ropor, Bebeo, Mahatfy, Walker, Hall, and Affleck. Eaglehawk Juniors v. Kangaroo Flat in the Park to-morrow : — Junioro team—Attwater, Bartle, Bowen, Buldock, Cox, Evans, Ingleby (2), Hegarty and Harvey (2); reserve—Hall, Carpen ter, and Hegarty. North Sandhurst v. High School 111 the Show Grounds to-morrow:—North Bendigo team Kman, M'Veigh, Newton, Reed, Johns, Butson, Chamberlain, M'Lellaiid, Magh, Miller, and Carnduff; reserve—Crawford, Newson, Healy, and.M'j-ielland. BOWLS. _ The fourth drawing for pairs in connection with the competitions for Mr. Moran's prize bowls took place in the pavilion of the Sandhurst Bowling Club on Saturday, and resulted as follows:—Gibbs v. Stamp, O'Flaherty v. M'Leuuan, Pearco v. Small, Slack v. V. Watson, Smalley, a bye. The games must be played off by the 3rd iubt. 