"W'esleYan district meeting. Thb annuo] meeting of the District Com mittee of the Wealeyan Church in Qneenrfand coohzresced in the schoolroom, Adtlaide-etreet, on Wednesday, October 22, at 10> o'clock. The first session wen a strictly minis* torial^ on", as it re/erred only to question* affecting ministerial character, status, &o.; There Were seventeen ministers present, Xbo Ber.^ M. H. Parkinson (chairmen of the. district) presided. Preliminary meeting* were held on Tuesday. At half-paBt 3 o'clock the annual me- ting of the Pook Dep6t Gom mllttftf Was held The Rev. F. T. Brentnall read thu annua! report, which showed a con* Bid arable increase of business over the previona year j a large net profit was added to the capital account. The thanks vt the committee were voted to the steward J or his services during the yeir. A substantial recognition was made of the courtesy and diligence of Mr, Payne In the evening of 'Juetday a conn muDion Service was h«W in 'he Albert-street Church Appropriate add^s-** were de livered by tbe* hers E. J- Bodd and M. 31. Paakinson. WbDSEBDIY Mobning Session. The following ministers were prer^nt Bats. M, H. Parkinson, (chairman), /. T. Brentnall, H, Wiles, 8. J. Bodd. A, Swift, J. 8penc», J. O. W«rner, W. H. Bodgers, W. H. Williams, W. W.'.'1, ?• uu«» bury, E. Ring,. G. O: Coc»p, W. U. Garrison, W. Lucas, F W. A. Boberts, T. Sarginson, acd B. Dinning. Dispensations of absence were granted to the Beys. A. Douglas 0. Wiles, and H. Jones. The opening prayers were full of sincere , gratitude to God that death had,not been per* nntied to enter the micisterisl circle, for the restoration of the chairman from a serious ill ness, and of sympathy with the Bev. J. *pence, whose wife and children are severely afH cted. A resolution, having pasted the Bockbampton , quarterly meeting, was read by the Bev. W. H. William?, that tbe ensuing district- meeting bo held in Rockhampton. The committee felt that such a step would bt of advantage tc the northern circuits ? but difficulties of expense, accommodation; Ac, presenting themselves, it was decided that the committee meet in Bris bane next year. The Bev. J 0. Warner suggested that a more efficient representation of the Queensland district in conference is most desiiable. Afternoon Session. The afternoon sess:on was occupied in ready ing the Liverpool minutes and the twelve rules of a helper. An interesting conversation then took place on the work of God in connection with the Wesleyan Church in tbe colony, after which the following resolution ws* passed:—u We, the members of the Queens land District Meeting, having heard the Liverpool minutes read, do thankfully and devoutly acknowledge the great mercy of God in preserving us in and for His blessed service during another year. In remembrance of our many unfulfilled duties, failures, and sins, we d? now humble ourselves under the mishty hand of God, and sincerely and solemnly dedi cate ourselves anew to Christ and His Church, and earnestly and believingly pray for a fuli and glorious baptism of the Holy Ghost, so that the coining year may be one of gracious and wonderful prosperity in all the circuits of this colony " Evbning Sbssiox. The Loan Bund and Home Mission Com mittees met in the evening at 7 o'clock. The following laymen were present with the minis ters of the district and the Bev. W. Woolcock : —Messrs. J. Potts, G. I. Bourne, J. Fox, M. Mellor, B Edwards The report and batance-sheet of the loan fund showed a capital of £1,653 16s. lid ; loans amounting to £90$ 14s. 7d.; arrears in repayment of leans, £2310s. The following loans were granted: — Warwick, £300, to be repaid in ten ye*rs Tthaca, £50, to bo repaid in two years; Pad dington. £100, to be repaid in two yeirs; TownsTille, £3 0, to be repaid in five years; Charters Towers, £131 os, to be repaid in four years. Totes of thanks, on the motion of the Bev, F. T. Brentnall, were paas»d to Mr. G I. Bourne, as secretary, and Mes?rs C. Fletcher and R. Edwards, as treasurers. the balance-sheet cf the Home H«stion and Contin; ent Fund showed a balance in hand, 1883 of £237 lSi lid j income, 1SS4, £218 14s. Id ; total, £458 13s. Disbursements dur ing the put year, £316 5s 7d ; balance now in hacd. £240 7s 5d. The following grants were mado: -Pimpima circuit, £25 ; Charters Towers circuit. £ 17 ; Maryborough circu't, £19; Mount Perry, £50. The amount of £17 was due to the Rev. W. H. Williams in 18SI, but did not apprar in the circuit books. The amount of £19 to Mary borough arises from the fact that that circuit has taken up Bundaberg as a mission etation. The amount of £50 to Mount Perry circuit is solely the result of the failing condition of tbe Star op Peace Lodge, No. 3—At a meeting of the above lodge held in the Good Templars' TTall, South Brisbane, on Monday evening last/ Bro. Robert Love, W.O T, presided If was decided to hold frtv open meetings upon every alternate Monday tveaing, commencing from November 3. U3 tho best means of increasing the working power of the lodge, and of creating and encouraging temporauce life generally in the district. Licensing Court.—Tho adjourned licensing court was hold atthe Police Court on Vednesday. There were presont, Messrs. 1*. Pinnock (chair man), T.Finney, J. M'Jtasler, B Porter, J. Petrio, E. Mac Donnell. H. Wakefield A general publican's licence was granted to Joseph Owens for the Musgrave Hotel, Sandgato. Permission was grautcd to Mrs. May Pearson to carry on the business of her Into husband, at the Horseshoe Hotel. 