THE BLATCHFORD BEQUEST. CONCLUSION Marion Wrey spoke the truth. In linking his life with hers, Cuthbert had made no grand alliance. She brought him neither wealth nor influence. Ten years ago, be had met her at the bouse of a clerical friend, the Rev. Mr. Mayne. She was a pale, sad, but beautiful girl, who had awakened bis interest at once. For some time she had been acting as governess to his friend's children. A faint resemblance she bore to tbe first woman he had ever loved appealed to Cuthbert and after seeing her a few times, interest grew to admiration, and admiration culminated in love. He was not a man to linger long in suspense. One day he went to her and asked her to be his wife ; pleading for the gift of her love in so earnest a way, that she conld not fail to understand tbe deptb of tbe passion he felt. Yet the girl hesitated. She made no secret of the fact that she loved him but begged for a couple of days' grace before she gave him the promise he looked for. Puzzled, but hopeful, he left her ; and, returned at the time she specified for her answer. Marion took his hand. * I have thought and thought," she said, " but I cannot decide. Will you take me just as I am - just as you find me - without one question as to my past, or one allusion to it ? My life has been a bitter one ; and if I become your wife, let me bury and utterly blot out the past. Will you, can you do this ?" With a lover's impetuosity, he vowed that he wished to know nothing except that that she loved him ; and as her clear eyes met his, he knew that he would never regret or wish to break that vow. " If," she said, after a pause - " if you think I ask too much, go to Mr. Mayne ; he knows my history. It is a sad one - so sad, that I should like to think you never heard it." But Cuthbert preferred to trust entirely, and keep bis promise, like the loyal man he was. If there had been sorrow, let it be buried for ever. Marion's happiness was his future charge. They were married almost immediately, and from that hour every trace of sadness vanished from Marion's face. Every day, her husband thought, she grew more beautiful. She was twenty-six when they married her, and now, ten years afterwards, she was a refined and dignified woman, moving in the best society, and doing the honours of her house to distinguished visitors with perfect grace and composure. Dearly as she loved her husband, much as she longed for his constant presence, she was no bar to the success of his ambition. His aims were hers, and she would overcome any obstacle to achieve what he had at heart. As husband and wife, they were very well matched. Yet Cuthbert decided not to tell her the purpose of Mr. Dunn's visit, until something more definite was ascertained. The next day he went up to town and made arrangements with a noted inquiry agent to send someone at once to San Francisco, in the hope of getting some information about a man, name unknown, who, fourteen years ago, was shot in a gambling saloon. Then, dismissing the whole thing from his mind, as far as he could, he went back to what holiday he could allow himself. CHAPTER IV. It was several months before the agent returned from America. He had been ordered to spare neither time nor money, and had kept to his instructions to the letter, but with little result. Having, after some trouble, ascertained that the man who was shot, as described by Mr. Dunn, passed under the name of Winslow, he went to work to trace him back. It was a difficult task, and would have been even more so not, had the so-called Winslow, by sundry villainous acts left his memory green in the minds of some he had come in contact with. From the time when he quarrelled irrevocably with his mother, Blatchford could be traced a certain distance but no further, when he seemed to disappear. At last the agent returned. By the merest chance, he had found a man who had sailed from Liverpool in the same boat that carried Blatchford or Winslow to America. He like others, had reasons of his own for remembering him. Blatchford had sailed from Liverpool on a certain date, under the name of Winslow. After a short but discreditable career in North and South America, he had met his fate as described. Nothing was known about his wife. After hearing the agent's report, he suggested that an advertisement be placed for Mrs. Winslow. Cuthbert considered this carefully. " Not yet," he said. Go down to Liverpool and to try and trace him back from there. He was a saloon passenger, you say. Most likely, he stayed at a good hotel. A list of the guests may show where he came from, as he appears to have been content with one alias. Go down and see what you can find ; but don't write me or come to me until you think the case hopeless, or until you have learnt all." Tbe agent went on his way and Cuthbert knew that the time was drawing near when the old battle most be fought again. He tried to dismiss the matter from his mind ; but, no matter what he did, it was always with him. The sacrifice now would be tremendous. Even if all went well with his political career, and he won office, what good could be expected of a statesman who only has the emoluments of his place to depend upon ? He must degenerate - must sooner or later become a place seeker, when office was a matter of life and death to those he loved best in the world. No ; if he gave up - as he was by his own code of honour bound to give up - Mrs. Blatchford's wealth and a farewell to public life would ensue. And with these thoughts always with him, the manis manner changed. He became moody, preoccupied, and silent ; even the smile with which be greeted his wife and children was different - so different, that for the first time since she had been married, Marion Wrey felt unhappy and full of strange fears. It was about a month after her husband's last interview with the confidential agent, and Marion was home alone. Cuthbert had gone to the north of England to speak at an important meeting, to be held that night in a large town, one of the strongholds of his antagonists. Although the Wreys were now people of some note - Marion had half-a-dozen invitations for this particular evening - she preferred to spend it at home, thinking through many things, past and present ; and most of all of Cuthbert's changed manner of late. It had been a source of great uneasiness to her for some time. He did not complain or show any sign of illness ; he was sanguine as to the outcome of public affairs ; his ambition was not so high as to ensure disappointment. What then, had changed him - changed his way of speaking, changed his smile ? Could it be, she thought, with the quick suspicion of a loving woman, that his affection for her was waning ? Did he at last begin to think that, in marrying one as lowly as herself, he had thrown a chance away ? But such thoughts were passing quickly. He had given her too many proofs of the endurance of his love to permit her to harbour such unworthy doubts. Yet she sighed, and prayed that whatever weighed upon his mind might be removed, or that he would let her share the burden. After a while she rose and rang the bell. * Bring me tonight's letters," she said. Cuthbert kept no secretary. He was an energetic man, equal to any amount of work ; but whilst the House was sitting, his correspondence was so voluminous that, recently, Marion opened many of his letters and sorted them according to the importance they bore. In this way, she saved him much time. There was a goodly pile tonight. She opened and examined each letter in turn - all save one or two which she laid aside untouched, knowing from the initials on the envelopes, that they contained political matter so weighty, that she must not be the first to read it. Presently she came upon a thick packet, sealed and registered. It bore the Liverpool postmark, and was marked 'Private' - as was every second envelope. Without hesitation, she broke the cover and drew the letter out, leaving the other papers which accompanied it behind. 'A begging petition with testimonials,' she said as she opened the letter, preparing to take a hasty glance at its contents. As she unfolded the paper, a small bright object dropped from it on to her lap. It was a gold cross, one arm of which was broken off. She took it in her hand looked at it for a moment, and then started as if a snake had bitten her. With the trinket still in her hand, she turned to the letter, and her face grew paler with every line she read. The missive was short ; its meaning must have been plain, as Marion had no need to peruse it a second time. As she read the last word, she let both letter and trinket fall, then, uttering a low cry of pain, placed her hands upon her eyes. " Oh my !" she moaned, " so this is the reason why you have changed so much lately ! My love, I may have deserved it, but not like this !" She grieved for a time, then her mood changed. She rose, and dashing her tears away, paced the room like a queen. " If an angel had told me this, I would have laughed him to scorn ! After so many years - so many happy years ! Cuthbert, Cuthbert ! why did you do it ? How could yon do it ? It was your right to know. Had you wished it, I would have told you - and told you freely, in spite of your promise. But, to to learn it like this, through a hired spy !" Then her proud bearing forsook her, and the hot tears sprang forth again. After some time, she regained her composure ; but there was egret in the words she addressed to her absent husband. " Yes, you will still love me and I shall forgive even this. But never, never again shall we be tbe same to each other - never quite the same, Cuthbert !" She looked at the contents of the packet. Two or three letters in a woman's handwriting - one well known to her -which gave her the feeling of ghosts rising from the past. She replaced everything in the cover and locked it away, then sat late into the night thinking - longing for the morrow to end her suspense. The next day, Cuthbert returned, just in time to greet her for a moment before he went down to the House. He had a question on the notice paper, one that, he knew, would stick like a barbed arrow into the Home Secretary's well-seasoned flank. He was in better spirits than usual. " We shall smite them hip and thigh !" he cried. lnside their own fortresses we shall slay them ! My darling, how ill you look. What is the matter ?" " I have passed a bad night," she faltered. She could not reproach him at that moment. She could not understand why, with that letter waiting for him, his voice should express such unmistakable anxiety and solicitude. " Lie down, dearest," he said, and rest until I come home. I shall be back for dinner ?" He kissed her, and went to St Stephens. Except for the fear as to what news any post might bring him from his detective, he was in good spirits. Every paper had a leader on the speeches of last night, and his speech had been an important and favourably received one. He was feeling pleased with himself when he came home to dinner. His bout with the Home Secretary had succeeded very well. His manner to Marion, who still looked worn and weary had never been more affectionate. She felt bewildered. Dinner over, he must take up his duties again. She could not let the moment pass. She placed herself in a low chair near him - her favourite seat. " Must you go to the House tonight, Cuthbert ?" " I don't know about "must." I ought to, I suppose although there will be no division of importance. If you feel ill, my darling, I will stay with you." He kissed her so lovingly, that she knew it could be no pretence, and wondered more and more. " How cold your lips are," he said. " Yes ; I will stay with you tonight." She thanked him, but waited a while, as in deep thought, before she spoke again. " Cuthbert," she said sweetly but gravely, " may I tell you a little tale of real life ?" He looked at her, and felt sure that there was some grave meaning in her request. " By all means," he said. Calm as she forced herself to be, her heart beat and her hand trembled as she drew out the little broken gold cross and placed it in his hand. He looked at it and then at her inquiringly. " That was given to me, years ago," she said with an effort, " by the man who was my husband, or who I fancied was my husband." Cuthbert started. " Wait a moment, Marion. I did not ask for this. I do not want it. But if you wish to tell me, tell me with your hand in mine ; for I swear whatever you may choose to let me know shall make no difference between us." His voice was as passionate as when he first pleaded for her love. She did not understand. She looked at him almost dreamily, but did not place her hand in his. " No, Cuthbert. It may be I shall have a question to ask you. Let me tell it my own. way." He saw she was qnite serious, so listened with growing fear. " I was but a girl," she said, very quietly and with her eyes cast down - " a girl of twenty. He told me he loved me. He was young, and I believed, would change his manner of life for my sake. So I married him. For a few months I was happy ; then I found him as he really was - a false liar, a coward, a swindler. When years afterwards he told me I was not even his wife - that even in that he had deceived me, I think, in spite of the shame, my heart leapt for joy. He could claim me no more. Did I wrong you, Cuthbert, by marrying you ? I was only sinned against. My silence must have made you think it even worse than this. Now, I will give you your letter." Cuthbert was very grave. " Why do you tell me this, Marion? I was of course bound to guess at something of the kind. Why tell me now? I never asked; I never wished to know." He had not noticed her mention of the letter, nor would he have known what she meant by it. She drew it from her breast. " Husband," she said sadly, as she handed it to him. " We can never be quite as we were before you did this thing. If you doubted me, why did you not ask ? Why not have asked Mr. Mayne ? I will not reproach you, but you have degraded both me and yourself." He took the letter in stupid astonishment. That he and Marion were at cross- purposes, and that she was under some delusion, was evident. What it was he could only learn from reading the letter. So, without another word, he read : Dear Sir - I would have come to see you, but am ordered away on an affair of great importance. I do not neglect your interests in going. A child might now follow the clue. Winslow and his wife lived for some time at D__ ? He left her - deserted her, probably, when he sailed for the States. She lived on at D___ ? for a while, trying to make an income by keeping a small school. Then she fell seriously ill, and at last was taken away by a gentleman, whose name my informant forgets, but who was rector of St. Winifred's, a church on the outskirts of London. This should be ample for your purpose ; but I enclose some letters and a trinket she left behind, when she quitted the house at which she lodged. As he finished the letter and read the signature of his confidential agent, Cuthbert's head felt in a whirl. It was some little time before be could see the connection between his wife's grief and this letter which he had just read. His first thought was that Marion was troubled by his having concealed the matter from her. He glanced at the letter once more, and this time the mention of St. Winifred's arrested his attention. The whole truth came to him like a flash of lightning. Astonishment no longer expressed his state. He stared at his wife. She stood with her eyes cast down, her beautiful face pale and sad, and with tears slowly running down her cheeks. " But the child !" gasped Cuthbert - " your child !" Still ignorant of the truth, she looked at him with reproachful eyes. Why should he wish to probe every old wound ? " Poor little baby !" she said - " poor little boy ! The only thing in all that time I can look back to with a happy thought - the only gleam of sunshine in my life. But he died, Cuthbert - died before I wrote to my old friend Mrs. Mayne, begging her to come and save me from starvation or worse. Then it was I said now I will have no past." Cuthbert rose and clasped his wife to his heart. Had she wished to resist, those strong loving arms of his would have made resistance useless. " Marion, my wife, my darling !" he cried. " Can you not understand ? I have been sending across the world to find traces of the widow and son of Ralph Blatchford, to whom, if I had done what was right, I must have given up nearly every farthing of the wealth we enjoy ; and from this letter I learn that Ralph Blatchford was the man who married you under the assumed name of Winslow ! Marion, if you understood what this means to me, to you, and to the children, you would be happier than ever you have been before. Then Marion understood. She laughed a half-delirious but entirely happy laugh ; her hand stole into her husband's, and the whole question of the Blatchford bequest was ended, and at rest forever. 