Dorothy Forster.* Bt Walter Besamt. Chapter XVI.— (Continued.) Inthe afternoon, I told the wholeto Mr. Hilyard,and con fessed to him that, although I was now certain that I had been deceived or that I was nnder some charm, yet that I felt uneasy, fie received my stoiy with great s eriousness, and began to consider what it might mean. 'Truly,', he said, 'if this be a vision, and not a cheat by the girl Jenny (but how could she cheat without the assistance of Mr. Frank f j it is a very serious and weighty bnmiefis. It is a nitv that voi did not. befora von mronnAil away, throw your arms about the effigies or apparition of the girl, which was done by Lord Colchester about 60 years sgo, when he was visited by a Spectre, and clasped thin air, as Ixion clasped his cloud. We may not doubt that warn ings may take variousjjshapes. Thus it is related on good authority from Portsmouth that a gentlenun of that place has been lately troubled by the apparition of a man who constantly pursues him ana reproaches him for some secret crime; and Colonel Badcliffe, ^himself, affords another instance, who is also followed continually by some unseen enemy. There is also the authentic story of the ghost of Madam Bendish, of East Ham, near London, who lately appeared to an old gentleman there, and bade him reprove an obstinate sen with Proverbs, one, two, an3 three. There was also the young gentleman of All Hallows, Bread-street Parish, who had a vision of a burial, the doth held by four maids, which came true of himself. And the ehost of Thomas Chambers, of Chesham, iu Buckinghamshire, was alter his death seen by many, but especially oy the maid of the house, leaning, in a melancholy posture, against a tree, attired in the same cap and dress in which they laid him .-ont. We may no more deny these appeannees than we may deny the existence of tne soul or our immortal hopes. Besides which, if more testimony were wanted, Plutarch, Apuleios, and all the Bomtn and Greciin. histories are full of such instances.*' : ' Bnt, Mr. Hilyard, is there any like my own ?' \- 'I know not one,*' he replied, thoughtfully; 'for there is in your case no threat, nor any oatl for repentance. You have nothing to do with gipsies and flogging of backs ; and there remaina the friendly and comfortable assurance, if 1 1 may make eo bold as to say so, of my Lord's disposition and affection— of which I, for one, have long been fully certain. So, Miss Dorothy, I would -advise, and counsel that - nothing more be said or thought about this stiange. thing, especially to the girl, lest she be puffed up with conceit and vanity.' What happened that same day was this, though I heard it not till long afterwards. Mr. Hilyard, on leaving me, repaired to a quiet chamber, where he would be undis turbed, and then sent for Jenny to attend him. She came in fear and trembling. ' Now,'* -he said, shaking his forefinger in avery terrible way, ' what is this I hear about Mr. Francis and yourself?' ' I know nothing, Sir,' she began. ' About the gipsies' camp, now.' - ' If Miss Dorothy thought she heard Mr. Frank tell me about my cousin Pharaoh's hack, she must have dreamed it.' ' Now, girl, thou art caught. Know that your mistress said not one word to you of Pharaoh and his hack, which I hope hath been soundly lashed for his many thieveries. Therefore, since I know it, because she told me, and since i she hath not told yon, pray, how do yoa know it? Girl, ' on your knees and confess, or worsa will happen to thee.*' Upon this she burst into tears, fell npon her knees, and confessed a most wonderful thing, which made Mr. Hil yaid's Tery wig ttr stand on end, so strange it was. She owned that she possessed, having learned it fromi her grandmother, a strange and mysteriouB power over certain persons that aha amnsed herself with faying upon various - men; that therewas a poor fellow at Blancland (it was thehind. Job Oliver), whom she oould mate to fetoh and - carry at her will ; hot that there was no one over whom die had fpelaterj-ower than over Mr. Frank. Being jisked if he Imew, she denied it, saying that, although it pleased him to convene with her sometimes, and to learn from her the secrets of palmistry, and other little things which he persuaded her to teach him, he had ' Eoknowledge of the trance into which she could throw him ' at will; and *hat, during that period, he ooidd tell her what people were doing anywhere in tbe world, and what wtre Jtheir thoughts ; that she was exercising this gift of sorcery, the pewer which belongs only to the gipsies, and to few among them, When Mies Dorothy surprised her ; that she hastened to send Mr. Frank, still unconscious, luck to the library, %o that, when he returned to himself, he knew not \- that anything had happened; asd thereby she was able to deceive her mistress. 'In the name of Heaven, child!' cried Mr. Hilyard inaffrfght, 'hast thou such a power over me?' ? Jenny swore diehai none, nor was like to have if die fried; and thfttshe would never try upon him.bdng afraid of detection; nor npon his Honor, Mr. Forster, as In duty bonnd; nor npon her mistress. But that, as to this young gentleman, he forced himself upon her, coming oontinually to her. and begging to have the fatare revealed, either by cards,' or by the lines of his hand, or the shape of hU head, or the rfrcnmatancei of his birth ; and then nothing would satisfy bim but to know, and to learn for himsdf how, and by what rules and observations, these things wen done; so The right of publication in Australia has beenpuohased by the proprietors ol WW fytney Mail, that he laid himself directly open, -ag it were, io the Evil One; and when the young witch, for so one must now think her, essayed her art upon him, he fell a ready victim. Lastly, the girl implored Mr. Hilyard, with many tears, and on her bended knees, to forgive her, promising that ' never again Would she speak with Mr. Frank, nor practisa npon him this truly diabolioal art, on penalty of be in? instantly dismissed the service of Miss Dorothy, and haled before a justice of the Peace to be dealt with as a witch. Well, Mr. Hilyard, as he afterwards confessed, was greatly concerned at this narrative, which surprised as well as terrified him. First, he endeavoured to convince the girl that she was in the hands of the Evil One, who would infallibly, unless she repented, bring her to such sufferings as she could not yet even dream of ; next, that it was the height of presumption for her to exercise this dreadful gift upon a young gentleman ; thirdly, he promised to consider what was beet to be done, end, if he could, to hide the fact, on her faithful promise to abstain for the future, to fast once a week for six months for penance, and to pray night and morning to be delivered from the UeviL So he her. ' Next,' he told me afterwards, ' I fell to thinking how dreadful a thing it must be to possess this power, and how ccnsfsnt a temptation there would be to use it for one's own advantage, or to gratify malice, revenge, and private spite: | eo that, it all possessed it, for one who would use it for the public good a hundred would use it for their own selfish ends. Further, that an unfortunate creature under this power, and compelled by this influence, might commit the most horrible crimes and know nothing about it. Why, man y a poor wretch may have been hanged for things done by command ot her who had bewitched him. And es for me, I confess (which shows my nnworthiness) that I forgot the wickedness of tempting the Lord and the sin of Saul, and longed to consult so strange an oracle on my own account. From this I was protected by Grace.' As for myself, I resolved to Bay nothing about it, think ing that we should leave Dilston in a few dap, and that meanwhile, being still uneasy, I would watch diligently and prevent the meeting together in any place of the girt and Mr. Frank. But she gave me no more trouble, and I think there was not another meeting before we went away. End of Pa.rt XII. Chapteb XVII.— FABBWELL TO DILSTON. Of all things pleasant on earth there cometh an end in time. Nay, tne more pleasant are the things, the shorter they are, and the faster do they hasten away. This is wisely ordained lest we forget in the present the joys which await us, greater than mind can conceive or tongue can utter, in the world to come. Whereas I, for my part, by foretaste, and as it were by looking through the gates of Paradise (which I certainly was permitted to while my Lord bestowed his affections upon men, am privileged above my less fortunate fellow- creatures to know something of the grateful, happy, and contented heart of those who wear the golden crown and play upon the golden harp. As the time drew near for us to go it seemed as if every body multiplied kindness. The two ladies gave me more prettv things with generous words, and Laay Mary whis pered, pressing my hand, 'My dear, remember that a Radcliffe must always be a Catholic,' and 1 said, 'Yes; that lknew it well, 'thinking that she meant only th«t her nephew must not be converted to the Church of P.ngl»nfl by me. Lady Katharine took both my hands in has, and kissed me on the forehead, saying that no doubt I should be led, by pleasant ways, to see the beauty and joyfulness of that mid wherein alone poor sinful man could find peace and rest for his soul. This, too, I took for little meaning, because she was so pood and so pious a woman that she wkhed everybody to belong to her own Church. Nor did I yet understand what was meant by the text which forbids an unequal yoke. Certainly, we who had been brought up j among so many Catholics, seeing them no worse (if no better) in honour, loyalty, and virtue than ourselves, were not likely te consider a man an unbeliever because he attended mass. To this day, though I have long pondered upon the matter, I cannot quite persuade myself {with Mr. HOyard) that St. Paul, when he Set down certain instruc tion and commands, was thinking of the Pope and his followers. No ; I was thinking, if I tuned my thoughts at all in that direction, which I doubt, that my Lord might go to DQston chapel and I to Hexham church, a separation painful in theidea, but doubtless it would be made tolerable in time. Mr. Emngton, of Beaufront, hinted at the matter more olainly. He said that he was rejoiced to find that my Lord's fancy was so soon and so happily fixed, that the Forsters were fully the equals of thB Raddiffes, though there was not yet an Earl or a Baron among them. M My dear,' he said, being an old gentleman of a very soft heart, anxious to make ladies happy when he could, ' my dear, I knew and loved Lady Crewe 10 years before she married the Bishop; aheautiful creature, indeed, she was, and full of great majesty, yet not so beautiful as you, my second Dorothy, believe me. For thou art as sweet and gracious, withal, as she was dignified. We country gentlemen were too rude and plain of speech for her. I blame her not, and she was bora to be a Peeress, for hertaauiy and the awe with which she surrounded herself, as you, mv child, for your beauty, too, and for your sweetness. Hath my Lord told you that your smile ia like the sunshine on a field of growing corn?' 'Oh! sir,' I replied, 'my Lord hath paid me many sweet compliments, and 1 think my head is half turned.' ' Nay, a beautiful woman cannot rejoice too much In her beauty. 8eenow, Miss Dorothy; we are all of us pleased that my Lord shall marry a North-country maiden, one of ourselves; the marriage ot his father was not happy; we desire to keep all Raddiffes to the North; moreover, generous as he is, it cannot be denied that his Lordship does not know our gentlemen and their ways ; nor our people and their ways ; he must put off a little of the Versailles manner and descend to plain folk.' ' Oh! ' I declared, 'one would not wish him altered one jot from what he is.' ' Nay, keep him as he is, but make him something more ; itisnot3enoughtogivefhemnstundamtandhispeople. Well, he can have no lander schoolmistress. Pretty Dorothy f 1 thy blushes become thee, child, like the bloom becomes tne j poach. As for the one obstacle, to my mind it needs not i to be named. ' One religion will take a man to Heaven as 1 well as another, though Mr. Howard would not acknow- j ledge it; and I am a Catholic, and should not say eo. Let not pride prevent the removal of that obstacle. A religion j held by so goodly a part of Christendom oannot be wrong; and you shall be rewarded with die noblest young lover that exists, I bdievB, in the whole world.*' This vpeedi chilled my spirits very considerably. For to change my religion— what Would her Ladyship say?^ What, my father ? what, my brother Tom ? what, the Bishop ?- Tet what matter what all together said if it mads my Lord happy? And so, at the moment, it seemed a small thing and easy to change one's articles of religion and accept the chninBOf the Roman faith. Next, Mr. Howard sought me and begged a word. He said, speaking very gravely, that no one could affect igno rance of the fact that my Lord was fully possessed with the idea of a oeitain young gentlewoman; that the eubjeot was much in his own mind ; that, on the one hand, it was greatly to be hoped that he wonld ally himself to a family of the Northland with a gentlewoman whose good -sense and moderation would prevent, bim from felling- into the snares alway* laid for such as he; but these dangers were increased in ids case by his ignorance of England and the English people; for example, that there was, he believea, great exaggeration as to the strength of the Prinotfa Cause, ami therefore great caution must be observed as to any deci sive movement;Jhat he believed my self —that certain lady, namely— capable of giving good and wise oounsd, and he earnestly prayed— at this point of his disoourse the tears came inio his wee— that, should the thing which he sus pected proceed farther, such a measure of light and grace migfrt m accorded to that young lady as to lead her to the bosom of the ancient Church — with more to the same effect, andsll witheuchearnestnessandBO nmchaffectiontowardsmy Lord and his interests as moved me, too, to tears; especially when this venerable man spoke of ihe fellowship in the Church of Christ, one ana indivisible! so muoh was I affeoted}«o deeply &d; I feel the beauty of the piotures which he drew, that I verily believe, had he on the spot offered to receive me— if that offer bad been made in the presence of my Lord himself— alas t ons knows not; womanis at best a Weak creature, easy to be led— but there might have been one more Catholic hi the world ; there might have been a h*PPy bride ; yet, as wemay not choose but believe, and as the Bishop himself has oftea, Mid, thing* are directed for © ns we know not for what reason we are guided ; nor can we tell m the great scheme of the universe what put evaa bo insignificant a thin? as a young woman (though of mod family) may be called npon to play. His Lordship wag not present ; Mr. Howard did not offer to take me tothe chand ? and bo, w«h tears on both sides, we parted. Yet it£ut be confessed that I knelt to receive hiB Meaning as if ha h»rf been the Bishop of Durham himself. When one converse! with Papists like Mr. Howard, men so gentle, so blamelaia in life and conversation, so learned and so benevolent ona wonders about the hard things said daily of the anoient Church ; one forgets the cruel fires of Smithfield ? ona e™ ! forgets the Spanish lnquidtion itself. It is not till after? wards that one asks if it would be possible, even for tha I _ take of a lover, to belong to a Church which yearly torturas ' and strangles and burns men whose only crime is to thint- i for themselves. How can these things be? How can the same Church produce at once, in the same generation, such, a man as Mr. Howard and such a persecutor as the Grand Inquisitor? Then Frank Radcliffe came. «' I am right sorry you are going,' he said. ?? The »l*na will be dull without you. Dorothy. My Lord will head end mope. I shall have no one to talk with. Bat von will come back soon. Promise me that, Dorothy Yon know very well what I mean. Come back and m.v. M .ft happy.' 'Indeed' said Dorothy; 'would my coming back make you all happy ?' 5 ' First, 'he said, 'it would make my brother h*Wy because he is lnlovewiih you; next, me, because I lo va 1 y°V°°. 88 ?e,n' faut give way to his elder brother; next because Charles loves you. too, and swears Kr'e¥, tjU death ; and next, my aunts, who I happy if flie Earl is happy. Ail of ug, f4ir Frank, it « ofyou to say this. Remember that I know not what my Lord may intend; and if it wpm as you say, there would be mueh to consider ' 'Oh! the mass-the mass,' he replied impatiently. 'When one is brought up in the fold one troubles one's head nothing about these things. To eive up the Church. ! would be a great ^ flung, but surely there can be no trouble I about coming baok to it' This shows bow prejudiced the mind may become wh«n accustomed to the pretensions of Rome. But I was batter I brought up. It cannot be denied that the contemplation of this amiable family, aU combined in pressing upon me to accept what I most of all things in the world desired to obtain, was very moving to me, and when Lord Derwentwater himself conveMed with me on the subject I was, I now confess, ready toyidd unconditional submission. If menonly knew the weakness of women, they could make them say or do what they please. But perhaps men themselves are not so strong as they seem to be. Indeed, that must be so 'Feir Daphne,' my lover began, 'it to sad indeed to think that to-morrow thou must go from us. The sun will shine no more in Dilston.' ' Oh t my Lord,' I said, 'do not talk any mora the language of gallantry. You have spoiled me enough. I am but plain Tom Forstert sister, and in Northumberlaai we are not accustomed to your fine French compliments ' Let there be no longer, then,' he said, and as he spots his beautiful eyes grew so soft and his voice bo sweet that oh! my heart melted clean away, and 1 could have fallen at his feet, even like Esther at the feet of the Great Kinr, and that without shame 'lot there be no longer compli ments between ns. You dull be no more the Nymph Daphne ; you shall be, what yon are, Tom Former's sister, only the beautiful and incomparable Dorothy, whom I love.'* ' Oh ! my Lord ! Think— I am no great lady of fashion — you would be ashamed of your rustio passion in a week.' 'Ashamed !' Why, Dorothy, with their paint and patches and powder, there is not, believe me, in all Versailles and Paris, to say nothing of London, which I know not, there is nowhere, I swear, a woman fit to hold a candle beside so sweet a face as yours. My dear, thou art— no— I will not make any more oompliments. But, Dorothy, I lore thee.' And with that he fell upon his knee, and began to kiss my hand, murmuring--ftiy, ' I love thee— my dear, I lore thee, with all my heart.' ' Oh! my Laid,' I repeated, the fatal words having been fpoken, overwhelmed with a kind, of terror and awe aad shame, because why should he love me so much? 'You love me, you love me, alas ! how can it be? What shall 1 say. Oh, what shall I cay?1' 'Say only, my dear, that you will love me in return.' Then there arose in my mind, doubtless sent bv Heaven, the memory of certain words spoken by Mr. Hilyard con cerning the Church of England, how that it was as ancient as the Church of Rome and as safe, and yet unstained by the blood of martyrs. Also I seemed to see before me the awful form of the Bishop, tall and menacing, beckoning me with forefinger. 'Speak, Dorothy, my dear— oh ! Dorothy, speak. Why are you trembling ? Merciful Heaven ! Have I said any thing to terrify this tender heart? What troubles my love?** ' Oh, Lord Derwentwater, it is— the mass ! ' He let my hand fall, and for a moment he was silent, Then he began again, hotly: ' The mass ! Is it a mass shall part us ? Why, chill, I love thee so well that I will give up Church and all far thy sweet sake if thou wilt not give up thy Church for mine. The Mass against thy hand? Nay, I toe will become of the English Church. Thou hast converted me already.' Was inert ever so fond and true a lover ? But I remem bered again what he had said months before at Blanchland. 'No, no,' I replied, 'you cannot. Other men, smaller men, may change their faith. ; but you must not. Remem ber what you told me once ' ' Doth my sweet Dorothy remember even my idle words ? All my words are idle except my last— that I love thee.' ' Do I remember them, my Lord ?— as if I could ever forget them. You said without knowing, then, what the woros might some day mean, that I could persuade y on to anything except what concerns your honour, and that your honour is concerned with your faith. Never — never shall it be said that 1 sought to turn you aside from your honour. My Lord, if you serioudy think of such a thing, put it ont of yonrmind. Oh! what is a foolish, worthless girl com* pared with the career and the history of a great Lord like yourself?' He wonld have replied to this in the same hot strain, for there was now in his eyes the hot flame of love that will not be denied, the masterful look which frightens women, and compels (hem (yet I think he would never hare com pelled me to accept theeacrifice he offered), but Mr. How ard stepped between us. He had, I suppose, entered ' unseen, and heard the last wtirds. ' I t&ank; you, young lady,' he said, ' in the'name of a greater even his Lordship. The Holy Church thanks you. I would that all her daughters were as noble and as truly great as yourself. My Lord, your passion is honour able, as becomes your rank. - You would neither do yourself nor ask Miss Dorothy to do what in her conscience she would not approve.' Lord Derwentwater answered not. 'Part here, my children/' Mr. Howard continued. ' Enough 'has bean said. You. my Lord, can afford to wait sS months. If your passion d what you think it to be, six months is a short time indeed for meditation, endeaVour to make yoursdf worthy of this young lady. And ¥oryou,(MissJDorotby, IJpray you read the books which I shall give you. * Believe me, you have my prayers, my earnest prayers, and those |of the two saintly ladies of thii house. In six; months, my daughter, his Lordship, ifns be in the same mind, and unless you have already sent hi* away, will look for your reply.' v. . | Lord Derwentwater, without a word, fell on his knee i again, and kissed my fingers. Then he left the room with bowed head. .«,.?* ttNot the Chief of the Raddiffes only, but also his inf# and his children nn-^ grandchildren must remain in tns ancient Catholic faith,' said Mr. Howard gravely. And then I understood for the first time, folly, that the p»w(® of my Lord, however vehement, would never, by tno» greater than himself , be alb wed toj imperil his adherence to the.old religion. Alas', just as poor Frank had wid, play with ns, yon .feast with us, you sport with us; f ou; will not allow us to' fight; for you, or to make «*» or you, to administer justice to you.*' Bo I w®'?11* bitterly that I might say as a Protestant to the Catholiw i . , ' You play with us, you feast with us, you make lore to but you will not marry us.' 