Some mexican Superstitions, j Not long ago in one of the frontier towns of Mexico, a man Bhot a defenseless old woman down in the street in broad daylight. He was captured with his carbine in hiß hand, and when examined before the magistrate I gave as reason for hiB crime that the murdered woman had been called upon to nurse his brother, who was sick, and had, by working charms on him, caused his death. The firm belief ia phantoms is taken advantage of by evil disposed persons, who, disguised as women, glide about the suburbs secured from molestation by any passersby. Sometimes a confiding husband is made the victim of evil spirits, as was one poor wretch in Browns- ville, who, coming home late at night, en- countered a dark form standing at his door. He addressed it, but received, no reply, and then tried to drive it away, whereupon he was set on by the object, which he afterwards firmly declared was the devil, and terribly beaten, the fiend disappearing in a fiaBh of sulphurous flame just as aid reached him, leaving him standing in the middle of the street alone. These phantoms haunt graveyards, and grown men will gravely tell you of " phantasmus," as they call them seen at or near the spot where men have been murdered. These generally bear the form of men lying dead, weltering in their blood. Those that recount you these tales affect not to believe in the existence of spirits, but one can see that although, like Mme. de Staël, not believing in ghosts, they are afraid of them all the same. At Pueblo a man went before one of the judgeB and asked protection from a discarded sweetheart who, he declared, had made an image the exact representation of him, and, which was carefully dressed in clothes like those he wore, and that she stuck pins in the arms and legs of this puppet, which act caused him the moBt awful tortnres, fearful pains shooting through the portions of his body corresponding to those in which the pins were stuck on the puppet. He had dragged to court the woman, and actually bore the puppet in his hand as proof of what he said. He proposed to destroy this uncomfortable pirated edition of himself, and only risked that the judge would prevent the woman from making another. The superstitions, of course, give rise to a considerable traffic in charms, in which may be found a curious intermixture in religious belief. A thief, for instance, will carry as a charm against detection some curious verses addressed to the patron saint of Mb guild. Lore potions and powders are often used, and sundry old men and women, ycleped " curanderos," make a living as doctors, prac- tising a curious mixture of medicine and necromancy. It is not so long ago, in an in- terior city, that one of the old women smo- thered herself and patient, a tax collector of some intelligence, to death in a Russian bath in which she raised a mephitic vapour of cer- tain herbs for the purpose of driving out a witch that inhabited the body of her patient. The fact that she herself perished shows that she believed in ghosts and thought that she could conquer them. Before entering the bath she told her attendant to pay no atten- tion to any cries from within, as the witch would probably make a great disturbance before allowing herself to be dislodged. 