MISCELLANEA. The deposits in tho South Brisbane Weekly Penny Savings Bank on Saturday last amounted to. £4 -Is. There will be a subscription meeting of the Pou'h Brisbane Building Society to-night at the- Stanley-street office. T.HE Home Wool Masks*.— Wo are in debted to tho Queensland Mercantile and Agency Comi any limited, for a copy of the following cablegram received by them from their London agents : — ' London, 25th January, 1884— The Bradford markot is woakor. The demund for the Sootch wool trada is dull.' G nnATBB Botal. — Considerable preparation ha \ been made by the Oomio Opera Company for the presentation of that charming and popular opera, ' The Chimes of Normandy,' givn at the theatre on Saturday night. The scene painter had been very busy with brush and brain for some time previously, and his efforts were highly appreei&tcd; on Saturday night. He had provided four charming scenes, three of them being elaborate sots. A view on the coast of Normandy was a capital bit of painting. The hill in the Chateau de Gorne ville was just what it ought to he — ghomy, ghostlike, and cobwebby, a fitting place for ghosts to walk in; while tho last scene — an orchard — lookod delightfully cool and pleasant. Wr. Bartolomietti had provided a bright and tasteful wardrobe, and the stage presented a very pietty apprarance when all the characters woro assembled on it. Considering its numerous difficulties, the pieca went very well for a first night, and Kill doubtless run without a hitoh to night. Mr. Templeton took the part of the Marquis, and acted and sing with great tasto. He was very pioturesquely attired Ab might have been expooted, Miss 1 awbcrfc mado a delightful Serpolette, acting and singing charm ingly, albeit the music was a t-iue high for hor. Sho ontered thoroughly into the spirit of this most fetching piirt, and was frequently and loudly applauded Miss Lome it to be con gratulated on her performance of the graceful Qermdine. She sang very nicely, but a little mo.-o vivacity in her acting would be acceptable. This sho will probably impart to it now that tho first-night trouble ib ovor. Mr. Yernon Beid eang tho musio of Grenicheaux with good tarto and effoot. Mr. Magnay's Bdillie lacked humour, which cannot be taiituf Mr. Wallace's Gobo, whioh was a grand bit of fun throughout. Las', but not least, is Mr. 'i'yrrell as tho JfiW. Ilia was a splendid piece of aotiog. Jntho money toene he was most intenco. 'Tho. UhiinoB ' will be repeated this evening. vTo morrow Mr. Wallace will lako a benefit, when auactof 'The OhiineB of Hermandy,' and thewholoof tho.' Waterman' will be given, besMcs a musioal melange. Mr Wallace has bscomo such au established favourite with liri^'mua p'aygDers that we look to see tho house more thin well filled to-morrow evening. W. J. TaouTOU, (snocosBor to IV. J, Pago), dispims iwj and foiolly ouuail-t. Puro di-u^s auj ohomti-.als, Vifriuiuory, toilot. rcqnisito.i, natont juouieinoj, pnr.; HoaHnstmmonti, &o.; Proacriptions dispensed ut.all hours of the niglrc at both establishments— Queen mil George streets, Brisbane, andStanloy-utroet, »ear tho bridna, South Brlabuw. . . ? ,-j.. . , ?,?'??..: ' j 