PENTECOST AT ST. MARY'S CATHE DRAL. The eleven o'clock service nt the Roman Catholic Cathedral yesterday morning, Whit Sunday, was on a much grander scale than usual, and the special music in honour of tbe occasion gave the celebration quite n leslive character. There was a very large congregation, including not a few who were evidently strangers, and doubtless many of those who attended were attracted hy tbe music, it having been announced that Gounod's " St. Cecilia Ma," or, as it is perhaps better known in the colonies. " The Mease Solennelle.1' would be performed with orchestral accompaniment on the occasion. The Very Rev. Dr. Sheridan was tbe celebrant ol the High Mass ; Father Ryan, the deacon; and Father Moynagh, the sub-deacon. Before the clergy euteivu the sanctuary, Meyerbeer's majetie March iroin ' The Prophet " was aplendidly played by the orchestra under the leadership of Mr. Rice, of the Theatre Royal. Gounod's beautiful work was given in its entirety, with the original bind parts under Mr IfalleweU'H conductorsiiip, aud judged as a whole, the performance was a great success. There were defects here and there in some of tbe more diffi cult passages, and the chorus was at times weak and uncertain ; but these faults were scarcely noticeable in the general cxcollence of tbe whole rendering. This mass was sung in St. Mary's on Easter Sunday with the composer's own orchestral score for the first time ; but yesteriiny'a performance was by many degrees better, for both singers nnd players appeared to havo a more correct knowledge of the music, and a more intelligent appreciation of tho sentiments ox- pressed by tbo composer in his work. The Kyrie has a lovely strain of religious melody running through it, nnd tho beauty of the vocal parts is al most exceeded by the charming delicacy of the instrumentation. Nothing could bo moro impressive in a devotional sense than the opening of tho Gloria. A soft and tenderly beautiful air is played by the cornet, the brass instrument being sustained by a subdued accompaniment, and then the chief soprauo in a tell ing and delightful manner takes up tbo molodious strain, and sings tbe song of the angels, " Gloria in Kxcelsis Deo," the chorus humming the accompani ment with an effect solemn and beautiful in tho extreme, Amidst the fire and brilliancy thero it much iu the Gloria of the highest order of mass muBic, and one of the most diguitied and original numbers is the bass solo, with a singularly pretty arpeggio accompaniment written for harps, but played yesterday by tbo strings. Tho final chorus, " Cum saucto," with full united power of orchestra and Binger was magnificent in its effect. The Credo is ohiofly remarkable for the masterly and dramatic construc tion of tlm choruses and the mass of harmonios, some of tho tutti points rising to absolute grandeur. The "Et incarnntusest"of the Credo is a wonderful example ol the power of the composer in Infusing deep re ligious sentiment into his music, for every noto literally breathes n prayer. The latter portions of the juuss nro full of beauties aud graces, but thoy do not, like tbe Kyrie and Gloria and Credo, show tbe sign of tbo master hand. The treatment of tho Banctus is exceedingly happy, and the air sang first by tbo tenor and then chorused iu an oxquisite harmony is more nfter the Italian style than any other part of the work. Anything more sweet and tender than the Benediotus could not bo well imagined, and its effect when sung as it was yesterday, borders on the sublime. Mrs F. Riley, who led tho choir, had heavy and responsible duties, lor besides singing tbe Boprano solos, requiring more tlmn oidinary skill and expression, the talentod lady had to sustain tbo burden of tbo choruses as well. Mis. Riley's voice is of the kind especially adapted for church Bingiug. and it was heard in all its rich- J,cf® nnd purity throughout tho muss; Mr. D. F. Kelly1, whose fine tenor was heard to advantage, Miss Stafford and Mr. llallewell wore the other soloists, and the concerted part were remarkably well douo. K >r the Offertory piece Mr, HaUowel1 song a eolo, marked by a funereal melancholy not at all in htrmony «ith the musical of the morninjr. It r. Tn--mi Banks, the able organist "I the rath— tr-il, p ay-'t with his customary power and skill, an 1 the nrcae".ra was more than once indebted to the organist for timely aid. The fatuous H i itlnj »h Chorus from " the Messiah" was snug hy tbe fall choir, with tbe organ and band, at the conclusion ol the service the grett building ringing with those grand and heart-stirring strains with wrhicb we are all familiar. Tne nnlpit was occupied by tbe Rev. D. P. Quirk, M.A., O 3.B , who is, we understand, one ot tbe few clergymen In the Roman Catholic Church who hav been horn, educated, and ordained in this colony. Father Quirk, who preached in the ordinary white snrp'ice, with tbe black cow! of the Benedictine Order, ia a fluent and graceful speaker, and his clear and agreeable tenor voice give him sn advantage over tbe other preachers at St. Mary's ; so that hie words are baard almost throughout the entire bnilding. We are informed that no preacher — not even the late Archbishop Yanghan, who hvl a singularly strong, penetrating voice — ha succeeded in making himself clearly heard to the whole ot the e ngregation in 8t. Mary'B when the Cathedral wa . filled. Tbe preacher naturally made the dement of tbe Holy Spirit npon the Apostles tbe theme of his discourse yesterday morning, and tbe eermon was. both eloquent and felicitona. The text was — " But the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will eend in my name, He will teach yon all things, and bring alt things to yonr mind whatsoever I shall bave eald to yon." 