THE STORY-TELLER. MR. HEAPHY'S GHOST. Of all the remarkable stories of the alleged appearance of ghosts, none professing to be actually true has ever surpassed that which the late well- known London artist—Mr. Heaphy—related tome years ago in the columns of " All the Year Kound as having occurred to himself. The whole story has recently been republished by the widow of the deceased artist. The series of ghostly vieitatious recorded below are alleged to have commenced in the month of September, 1858\. An inaccurate version of the story was sent by a contributor to Dickens and was pub lished in "All the Year Bound," as one of the "Four Ghost Stories," Dickens sup posing it at the time to be a fiction. Imme diately after the publication the artist him self wrote to Dickens, sent him the whole manuscript account of his experience, whicb Dickens acknowledged to be far superior in interest to the inaccurate versions which had appeared, and the true story waB then pub lished in the same well-known periodical. The following is the story told by the artist in his own words, a few unimportant pas sages which have nothing to do with the story itself, having been eliminated in order to bring it within the compass of a newspape. article. The artist commences by stating that in the month of Septemper, 1858, he left Fork by train to fulfil an engage ment at the further end of the country to paint the portraits of Mr. and Mrs. Kirkheck: " The day was cold, wet, foggy, and every way as disagreeable as I have ever known a day to be in an English October. The carriage in which I was seated had no other occupant than myself, but at Doncaster a lady got in. My place was back to the engine and next to the door. As that is con sidered the ladies' seat; I offered it to her; she, however, very graciously declined it and took the corner opposite, Baying, in a very agreeable voice, that she liked to feel the breeze on her cheek. The next few minutes were occupied in locating herself. There was the cloak to be spread under her. the skirts of the dress to be arranged, the gloves to be tightened, and such other trifling ar rangements of plumage as ladies are wont to make before sitting themselves comfortably at Church or elsewhere, the last and most important being the placing back over her hat the veil that concealed her features.. I could then see that the lady was young, cer but iLing moderately tall, rather robustTn make, and decided in expression, she mfcht have been two or three years younger, I suppose that her complexion would be termed a medium one; her hair being of a bright brown or auburn, while her eyes, and rather decidedly marked eyebrows were nearly black. The colour of her cheek was that pale transparent hue that sets off to such advantage large, expressive eyes, and an equable, firm expression of moutn. On the whole the autemlle was rather handsome than beautiful, her expression having, that agreeable depth and harmony about it that rendered her face and features, though not strictly regular, infinitely more attractive than if they had been modelled upon the strictest rules of symmetry. • ■ It is no small advantage on a wet day and a dull, long journey to have an agreeable companion; one who can converse and whose conversation has sufficient substance in it to make one forget the length and dreariness of the journey. In this respect I had no. defi ciency to complain of, the lady being deoi dedlv and agreeably conversational. When she bad settled hereelf to her satisfaction she asked to be allowed to look at my Bradshaw, and not being a proficient in that difficult work, she requested my aid in ascertaining at what time the train paased through Bet ford again on ita way musk from London to York. The conversation- turned afterwards on general topics, and, somewhat to my but price, she led it into such particular subjects as 1 might be supposed to oe more especially familiar with; indeed, I could not avoid re marking that her entire manner, while it was anything but forward, was that of one who had either known me personally or by report. There was in her manner a kind of confidential reliance when she listened to me that is not nsually accorded to a stranger, and sometimes she actually seemed_ to refer to different circumstances with which I had been connected in times past. After about three-quarters of an hour.s conversation the train arrived at Retford, where I was to change carriages. On my alighting and wishing her good morning, she made a slight movement of the hand, as if she meant me to Bhake it, and on my doing so she said, f adieu, "T ' L"" 1 ;o which again," _ _ on the line towards London and I through Lincolnshire to A. The remainder of the journey was cold, wet, and dreary. I missed the agreeable conversation, and tried to sup ply its place with a hook I had brought with me from York and the Time-1 newspaper, which I had procured at Retford. But the most disagreeable journey comes to an end at last, and 5.30 in the evening found me at the termination of mine. A carriage was waiting for me at the station, where Mr. Kirkbeck was also expected by the same train, hut as he did not appear it was con cluded he would come by the next—half an hour later; accordingly the carriage drove away with myself only. The family being from home at the mo ment and the dinner hour being 7,1 went at once to my room to unpack and to dress. Having completed these operations I descen ded to the drawing room. It probably wanted some time to the dinner hour, as the lamps were not yet lighted, bnt in their place a large blazing fire threw a flood of light into every corner of the room, and more especially over a lady who, dressed in deep black, was standing by the chimney-place warming a very handsome foot on the edge of the fender. Her face being turned awav from the door by which I had entered I did not at first see her features. On my advancing into the middle of the rcom, howeven the foot was immediately withdrawn, and she turned round to accost me, when, to my pro found astonishment, I perceived that it was none other than my companion in the rail way carriage. She betrayed no surprise at seeing me. On the contrary, with one of those agreeable, joyous expressions that makes the plainest woman appear beautiful, she accosted me with,'' I said we should meet again." My bewilderment at that moment almost deprived me of utterance. I knew of no railway or other means by which she could have come. I had certainly left her in a London train and had seen it start, and the only conceivable way in which Bhe could have come was by going to Peterborough and then returning by a branch to A, a circuit of about ninety miles. As soon as my sur prise enabled me to speak, I said that I wished I had come by the same conveyance as herself. " That would have been rather difficult," she rejoined. At this moment the servant came in with the lamps, and informed me that his master had just arrived and would be down in a few minutes. The lady took up a book containing some engravings, and having singled one out (a portrait of Lady A ), asked me to look at it well and tell her whether I thought it like her. I was engaged trying to get up an opinion when Mr. and Mrs. Kirkbeck entered, and, shaking me heartily by the hand, apologized for not being at home to receive me; the gentleman ended by requesting me to take Mrs. Kirkbeck in to dinner. The lady of the house having taken my arm, we marched on. I certainly hesitated a moment to allow Mr. Kirkbeck to pass on first with the mysterious lady in black, but Mrs. Kirkbeck not seemiugto understand it, we pasBed on at once. The dinner party consisted of us four only, we fell into our re spective places at the table without difficulty, tne mistress and master of the house at the top and bottom, the lady in black and myself on each side. The dinner passed much as is usual on such occasions. I having to play the guest, directed my conversation prin cipally, if not exclusively, to my host and hostess, and I cannot call to mina that I or any one else addressed the lady opposite. Seeing this, and remembering something that looked like a slight want of attention to her on coming to the dining-room, I at once con cluded that she was the governess. Iobserved, however, that she made an excellent dinner: she seemed to appreciate both the beef and the tart, as well as a glass of claret after wards ; probably she had had no luncheon or the journey had given her an appetite. The dinner ended, the ladies retired, and after the nsual port Mr._ Kirkbeck and I joined them in the drawing-room. By this time, however, a much larger party had as sembled. Brothers and sisters-in-law had come in from their residences in the neigh bourhood, and several children, with Mass Hardwick, their governess, were also intro duced to me. I saw at once that my suppo sition bb to the lady in black being the gover ness was incorrect. After passing the time rPpppst>i-i!v occupied in complimenting the l raying something to the different persons to whom 1 was introduced, I found myself again engaged in conversation with the lady of the railway carriage, and as the topic of the evening had referred principally to portrait painting, she continued the sub ject— " Do you think you could paint my por trait?" the lady enquired. " Yes, I think I could if I had the oppor tunity." "Now, look at my face well; do you think yon should recollect my features ?" "YeB, I am sure I should never forget yonr features." " Of course, I might have expected you to say that; hut do you think you could do me from recollection ?' " Well, if it be necessary I will try; but can't you give me any sittings ?" "No, quite impossible; it could not be. It is said that the print 1 showed you before dinner is like me; do you think so?" "Not much," I replied; "it has not your expression. If you can give me one sitting it would be better than none." " No; I don't see how it could be." The evening being by this time pretty far advanced ana the chamber candles being brought in, on the plea of being rather tired, Bhe shook me.heartily by the hand and wished me good night.' My mysterious acquaintance caused me no small pondering during the ! night. I had never been introduced to her, I had not seen her Bpeak to any one during the entire evening—not even to wish them goodnight. How she got across the conntry was an inexplicable mystery. Then, why did she wish me to paint her from memory, , and why could she not give me even one j sitting? Finding the difficulties of a solu tion to these questions rather increased upon me, I made up my mind to defer further con sideration of them till breakfast time, when I supposed the matter would receive some elucidation. ' The breakfast now came, but with it1 no lady in black. The breakfast over, we went to Church, came home to luncheont and so on through the day, but still no lady, neither any reference to her. I then concluded that she must be some relative who had gone away early in the morning to visit another member of tbe family living close by. I was much puzzled, however. Dy no reference whatever being made to her, and finding no opportunity of leading any part of my con versation with the family towards the sub ject, I went to bed the second night more puzzled than ever. On the servant coining in in the morning, I ventured to ask him the name of the lady who dined at the table on the Saturday evening, to which he answered— , " A Iadv, sir ? No lady, only Mrs. Kirk beck, sir. "Yes, the lady that sat opposite me, dressed in black ?" " Perhaps Miss Hardwick, the governess, sir?" " No, not Miss Hardwick; she came down afterwards." " No lady as I see, Bir." "Oh, dearme,ves; the lady dressed inblack that was in the drawing-room when I arrived, before Mr. Kirkbeck came home." The man looked at ire with surprise, as if he doubted my sanity, and only answered, "I never see any lady, sir," and then left. The mystery now appeared more impene trable than ever. 1 thought it over in every possible aspect, but could come to no con clusion upon it. Breakfast was early that morning to allow of my catching the morning train to London. The same cause slightly hurried ub, and allowed no time for conversa tion beyond that having direct reference to the business that brought me there; so, after arranging to return to paint the portraits on that day three weeks, I made my adieux and took my departure for town. It is only neeessary for me to refer to my second visit to the house in order to state that I was assured most positively, both by Mr. and Mrs. Kirkbeck, that no fourth per son dined at the table on the Saturday evening in question. Their recollection was clear on the question, as they had debated whether they should ask Miss Hardwick, the governess, to take the vacant seat, but had decided not to do so; neither could they re call to mind any such person as I described in the whole circle of their acquaintance. Some weeks passed. It was close upon Christmas. The light of a short winter day was drawing to a close, and I was seated at my table writing letters for the evening post. My back was toward the folding-doors lead ing into the room in which my visitors usually waited. I had been engaged some minutes in writing when, without hearing or seeing anything, I became aware that a per Bon had come through the folding-doors, and was then standing beBide me. I turned and beheld the lady of the railway carriage. I suppose that my manner indicated that I was somewhat startled, as the lady, after the usual salutation, said, " Pardon me for dis turbing you. Yon did not hear me come in." Her manner, though it was more quiet and subdued than I had known it before, was hardly to be termed grave, still less sor rowful. There was a change, but it was that kind of change only which may often be observed from the frank impulsiveness of an intelligent young lady to the composure and self- possession of that Eame young lady when she is either betrothed or has recently be come a matron. She asked me whether I had made any attempt at a likeness of her. I was obliged to conresB that I had not. She regretted it much, as she wished one for her father. She had brought an engraving (a portrait of Lady M. A.) with her that she thought would assist me. It was like the one she had asked my opinion upon at the houBe in Lincolnshire. It had always been considered very like her and she would leave it with me. Then (putting her hand im pressively on my arm) she added she " really would be most thankful and gratefnl to me if I would do it"—and if I recollect rightly, she added—"as much depended on it." Seeing she was so much in earnest I took up my sketch-book, and by the dim light that was still remaining began to make a rapid pencil sketch of her. On observing my doing so, however, instead of giving me what assistance she was able she turned away, under the pretence of looking at the pictures around the room, occasionally passing from one to another 60 as to enable me to catch a momentary glimpse of her features. In this manner I made two hurried but rather ex pressive sketches of her, which, being all that the declining light would allow me to do, I shut my book ana she prepared to leave. This time, instead of the usual "Good morning," she wished me an impressively pronounced "Good-by," firmly holding rather than shaking my hand while she said it. I accompanied her to the door, outside of which she seemed rather to fade into the darkness than to pass through it. But I re ferred this impression to my own fancy. I immediately enquired of the servant why Bhe had not announced the visitor to me. She stated that she was not aware there bad been one, and that any one who had entered must have done so when she had left the street door open about half an hour pre viously, while she went across the road for a moment. ( To be continued.) 