VALUABLE DEFINITIONS OF 'ISMS.' 1\. Scepticism is doubt about the truth, though not actually denying it ; hesita tion about it ; reluctance to define what faith is. 2\. Agnosticism is denial of an acceptance of religion, except that which comes within knowledge. There may be a God, or there may not. There may have been such a divine person as J esus Christ, or there may not. It does not come within my knowledge, so I put it aside, because I know nothing about it. 3\. Positivism is non-acceptance cf any thing except it can be positively proved ; as, for example, a proposition in Euclid, or an object demonstrated by one of the senses. Thus differing from these, but hardly more perhaps than in name, 4\. Rationalism is a disbelief ill the supernatural ; nothing to be accepted imfil it be brought within the intellectual power. Man's reason must be con vinced. Faith is nothing. 5\. Deism is a belief in the existence of a first cause, called by the name of God, as creator of the world ; but no belief in flip acc.Rnta.nce of Messiah as Son of God or Saviour of the world, or in tho Holy Ghost, forming the Holy Trinity. And then at last. 6\. Atheism is not only a nonrecogni tion of the possibility of there being a God, but an absolute denial of his exist ence in any way whatever. As David says of the fool when he says in his heart, ' There is no God.' Out of these horrors of unbelief come, as effects from causes. 7\. Xladicalism, which means the up rooting (radix) of all time-honored insti tutions and customs of antiquity, and remodelling them with new ones, suited to the age of progress, for example, the revolution of the laws which have hither to been marks of civilisation, even to the confiscation of all property and the level ing of society from the highest upward to the lowest downward. 8\. Socialism and Communism, which assert that men have a common right to the things of this world, which are to be divided among them equally ; and pro perly because a thing of naught. _No man has a right to more than his neigh bor — share and share alike — to be enjoyed equally by the industrious and the indolent, the drunken and the sober, the possessor of ten talents and the possessor of one. From these we come at last to 9\. Nihilism, which carries forward into action the .-ideas of all preceding, and swallows up in itself radicalism, socialism aud communism, and in order -to realise them, asserts it to be right to destroy by assassination or murder, in secret or openly, by poison or by dagger, all who stand its way — all kings and governors and rulers. — Nortlbem Advocate. 