The Dump Cars. The discussiou that took place in the Assembly on Tuesday night with respect to the report of the select committee upon: rolling stock only served to leave the matter in a still more unsatisfactory condition than it was before. The unavoidable absence of Mr. Weight, through illness, prevented hon. members from dealing with tne question in anything like the way which its import ance demands, and it is to be feared that by the time Parliament re- assembles the interest in the dispute will have died out. It wafe pointed out by several members that the pro test which Mr. 'W sight attachedto the report impugned the honour of the committee, and through it that of the House, and it cannot be contraverted that such is the case. Mr. Weight charges the committee with. partiality, his complaint being that it sought for and obtained only such evidence as was condemnatory of the dump cars. The chair man of the committee indignantly denied this, and approved of a suggestion for a morning sitting of the House, at which Mr.' Weight could be present to substantiate the charge which he had made. The suggestion, unfortunately, could not be complied with, in consequence of the Minis ter being prohibited by his medical adviser from attending any sitting of the House whatever. The report of the committee expresses the opinion that there is a great deal more evi dence which could be obtained concerning the contract for the cars, and that if it were secured and published the public would have n still more unsatisfactory state of tliirgs to consider. On the other side, Mr. Wright recoi'ds the opinion that were the subject farther investigated the conclusions come to by the committee would be upset: The committee recommended that itshouldbe reappointed to prosecute its inquiries further, and as Mr. Weight is also of the opinion that further investigation is necessary the Government should have accepted the sug gestion of the committee in a modified form. It -would be manifestly unsatisfactory to refer the dispute between Mr. Weight and the select committee to the latter; but a hew committee could have been elected by ballot, with leave to sit during the recess. Had this been done during the session just closed, wliat has at the present time -a very unpleasant appearance could have ,been cleared up, and the Go vernment upon the one side and the com mittee on the other would have had a chance to dispose of the charges^ which must now rest in abeyance until Pai'lia menb reassembles. In addition to the statements already made, it was asserted in the Assembly on Tuesday night that, in connection with ? the dump - car affair there was a, 'conspiracy' in existence. Here, then, is another reason why the subject should not have been shelved. Mr. Eletchee is not in the habit of making rash statements, but he stated most positively that there was a conspiracy and that he could prove it. He was sup ported by Mr. Melville, who was as positive about the conspiracy as Mr. Fleichee. Though neither of them stated any particulars or who the conspirators were, it is manifest that if, there has been a con-r spiracy, it must have been either in the interest of the manufacturers of the cars from America or in that of some local firm or firms who are prepared to do the work. It has been rumoured that the latter is the real secret of the case, and that the select com mittee was organised for the express purpose of condemning the dump cars so as to have all such work done in Sydney. It has also been insinuated that the contract for the two hundred cars was a conspiracy to which the Minister for Works must have been a party; but neither Mr. Eletchee nor Mr. Melville intimated which of these two stories was the correct one, or whether either of them was the conspiracy the existence of which they both said would be proved. It was unfoi'tunate, therefore, that the subject should have been dealt with in such an irre gular and unsatisfactory manner ; but we presume its full consideration has only been 'costpoijed, and that it will be one of the questions which will ' spice up ' the pro^ ceedings of next session. ? ''' The electors of Carepar have decided that they are fitly and properly represented in Parliament by Hr. E. A. Baker— tlie liero^-or . vicfciin^ wMplr-' ever it may be, of the Milburn Creek- business. It cannot be pretended.tbat there is any cause for congratulation either- for the country orior- Car coar in Mi*. Baker's' political resurrection-; but then, in this1 inatfcer, 'Caxjboax 'is master, of 'the situation, and can please itself 'without troubling about the feelings or the interests: of the rest of the country. In England, ifprifiaiBpton: has chosen to return its Bradlaugh.over and over again; aa.d here, .Northumberland elects its.Lns combe ; while Mudgee fatuously believes in Davicl JBuchanaii. With such ' brilliant examples' of natural selection and the\struggle for political existence, the reappearance of Mr1. Baker' upon the Parliamentary boards is ; pbrhapsfless' a: matter of surprise than of jcegret. He cut a deplorable figure in the past; and at; JbestMs treatment by Parliament when . the. vote against ^ii-n was rescinded only, amounted -to white Tirashing by a technical process.- -However, the Carcoar people, 'knowing ';a31-thfe facts, r have evidently considered -that- Mr. ? Baker ? most nearly, resembles themselves, and they; , have exercised their free and .^depjeaojent:.rjghtsy j Mr.. Baker reappears m Parliament— 'the ghost of his former self — with jio .very .good ..feeling towards- him on the part of his felloiK legiBlatbra, who will find -it -.'.?iiiieir- .bonrideii dniiy to show a certain amount of virtuous indignation at his former conduct, and a general distrust in the :fujfcure. He lias been ipKurj^feted spmewhat:after; the fashion 'fjf .'s&p;«p{l, ^Mzari^.Tp.ih'v^g^yie' clothes on, and proT^bly -Uttha niore will be heird of him flianMslory^teUBit; that fortunatJe^andi viduaL Sfcwevssr.'Mav ^Baker's seareer' is Jioy 4nr bis own hands. He was wtra in dishonour land raised in glory, jsolkr^Garcoa^ ?.but Wfcare y§irpaj^fyri&*^&$^$^$& assume. ' ,: One Ominous fact niusp -be noted. [?'? '$ltc. Baker is ^^ith^-^osen'sal^iaate; .ipf ^hcT'I^ii^^ffli^ol' Industrial Alliance, :©JEjw3^1xJlBesre:;5fey4^L'aa^l A. G. *Paylor are the lugh prints, end heifi 'their fit* production. HjIJub $#& sample of the «laBg of lepresentativee % wbidi i^ ©lijaaoe psob'^ to, direct Bthe. legislation .of .the conntryy it 'will ,a3i^ly- desfeoy,' itself. , Which, all things' con siy.ereji, is. abgut .the best thing it could possibly do/ ' - - ' . 