ST. PETER'S, EASTERN HILL. Tho preacher at bt. Peter's Church, Eastern Hill, in the morning was the Rev. Canon Hand- field, who chose as his text, I. Timothy jdi, 16 : "Butif I tarry long that thon maystluiaw how thou oughtest to behave thysolf iu the houso of God, which is tho Church of the hiving God, tho pillar nud grou.hd of the truth. Ami without controversy proat is the my3tcry of godliness : God wua manifest in the flosh, justified in tho spirit, seen of angola, " T" preached unto tbo Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory." The preacher said . The words of the text are in the second lesson ot this day. Tho latter vorse takes up the whole order of tho ovents of our Lord's manifes tations, just as wo say in the Creed, "was inenrnato by tho Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary, and was mado man. Ho suffered and was buriod. Ho roso again front tho dead. He asccndod into Heaven." In |truth it has been supposed that, tbeso words may havo been a creed orconfcssion of tho faith, which was repeated amongst tbo early Christians.- Tho former vena epoaks of tho Church of tho /Living God, which, is tho pillar and ground of (truth : which is, if tho truth of God 13 to bo 'maintained in the world, it will bo so according as it is believed and loved by that society to which it has hoen committed as a trust ; no doubt the same traditions' which; are tho signs of _i godliness, nud are independent of tho opinions of : m-n. Hut that which maintains them in the world is tbo lifo, individual and corporate, of the i church, ami of the members of the church who havo received and profess to believe tliem. Not J the Christianity which is recorded in the Bible," but that which makes tho life of Christ a power i in tho world to grapple with the ills of mankind, ; is that which the world will understand as true j Christianity. Hen will seq the Bigns of the kingdom of hoavou whon thay see tho sick healed, the pcor cared for, and tho ministry of the Lata Jesus reproduced in tho works that minister f""\ light und healing to thoso who need them,' ''Eor, , suck the manifestation of onr belief — that is, tho I creed which we confess— and to show the force with which we held it, aud tlie life with which j it inspires us, there is opportunity affordod ns in - the special duties of tho Hospital Snnday. " Tho same works that I do," said our blessed j Lord, "shall ho do also who believoth in me; J aud greater works than thesa shall lie do, becatue ! I go to my Fatbor." Tha same, but greater ; the t same iu character, tho same works of mercy, of pity, of holp ; the samo war fare aeuiiuit sicknoes, and want, and ignorance ; and yet greater— greater because not in few indi vidual cases, bnt tnoro as being a law of our modern life, carried out by all tho energy which comes from tho uiiianco cf scientific resource ( witli the concert of many minda, and all these inspired by tho conviction that cotnes from the j faith of Christ, who was manifested in tho weak- -j ncss of our mortal ficsh, was justified in the j spirit, and received into glory. jj There was a full choral service. Garrett's anthem, Praise the Lord, and Hatton's service in C, were rendered. The collection amounted to £23 9s. 2d. In the afternoon the Rev. A V. Green, M.A., conducted a service for children; and at the ordi- nary evening service the preacher was the Rev. R. Stephen, of Christ Church, St. Kilda. In the evening, in addition to the usual service, Wes- ley's anthem, Blessed be the God and Father, was sung, with the duet for boys, "See that ye Love one Another;" and the chorus from Haydn's Creation, The Heavens are Telling, was rendered by the choir. A sum of £2 10s. 6d. was collected at the afternoon service, and £16 4s. in the even- ing. £1 was subscribed at the early service. The total amount for the day was therefore £43 3s. 8d. 