jjw.mniBii .1 i ' I" " " in—— NEWS IN BRIEF. Specially collated and epitomised lot M The Weekly Times.') The Mifbbione '01 Norman by is much better. Mr. Speight has assumed charge of the railways. The tamo warv Prince's Bridge is now open lor traffic. The Melbourne Wool'ea Company is to be wound up. Saffron ha bseu successfully grown at Bebastopol, Ballarat. Caleutta has one of the finest zooiogioal gardens in the world. The residents of Crete ere in revolt ag∫ Turkish role. The coopers of Sydney are on strike for eight-hours9 employment. The average cost of railroads in the United Kingdom i £41,728 a mile. Of the 45.000 persons arrested in PariR last year only 6.000 were women. K«v i h "W»les is the victor in the Tn-ero sloirnl Cricket Match. A.rrtiBeraeut8 are being made for the early occupation of the new Lw Court. A gentleman from Sydney intends to travel through New Zealand on a bicycle. London has a company which insures Igaitiet bicycle end ttioycle accidents. It is prooosed lo establish a direct lina of fteamers between India and Australia. Miss Whitney's pt4lP , ®arr®e Martineau has been ooveilla at Boston. There has of late b«en a great improvement In the receipts of the Land Department Miss Alice Reeswaa ecriovslyill in the early part of the week from gastric fever. A fish supposed to he the true Salmo been caught in the Glenelg at Postland, Mr. James Simpson, for sixteen yeys editor of the Hobarfe Mercury, died on Satur day. In Normanhy it is no uncommon event to see a driver refresh his horse with a pail of cider. . Five tigers for the Zoological Society at Melbourne arrived at Sydney by the, steamer Naples. Steps are being taken in Canada to PreTe® further assisted immigration from the old country. Tests are being made in Victoria of the knowledge of signalling possessed by railway officials. . It ie estimated that £100,000 if annually apaot ioNew South Watea in rabbit enter- zninstion. The opening of Messrs. Allan, Glover, ana Co b new stores in King street, was celebrated on Taesday. : The schooner Advance was totally wreaked on Henry Head, N.S.W., on Monday. The orew escaped. Mr. B Hepburn, , of Ballarat, has given £100 to the spire fund of St. Andre w s Kirk, in that city. A majority of suburban councils has agreed to the establishment of a Metropolitan Board of Works. The Tasmanian Government contemplate appointing an official inspector of all charit able institutions. Carl Bosa ha been giving operatic per formances, by aid of telephone, in two towns on the same evening The new Alhambrfc Theatre, in London, is described by the Eaglfab press as the fiaeet theatre in the world. Eliza Smith, at, Marrickrille, died on Monday from buras received through her clothes catching fire. A platelayer in Napier, N Z., intently murdered his wife and four children by catting .their throats. The Phoenix Park murderers sentenced to imprisonment have been removed from Dublin to Chatham. Over 180.000,000 cans of tomatoes have o been consumed in "the United States within , the last three years. Admiral Hewett, the commander ac 8ua- kin. has refused to allow French or Italian m rine« to land there. The number r f miles of railway built in the United Stat in 1883 was 6.600, against 11 603 in 1S32- Is is ce'-iamtea that ther fa now no ward f three million in fcbu United Kingdom, earning wan < _ The New York Herald says that a million dollars ie spent on a single Sunday by the excursionists in that city. There is a pripotion afoot to sell And Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum sites, the value of which ia £800 000 The famous actress, MissGenevieveWard a pupil of Madame Ristori, will arrive in Melbourne in about a month. India, Ceylon, and South America have recently been treated to the spectacle of a green Bun and a green moon. The spire of a Catholic Chu«ch in Phila deiphia is to hava &o; illuminated cross, which nt nioht will be visible for miles. It has been suggested that tuberculous in cfttt'e may be the ret nit of neglecting to provide rlielter for the animals. The London omnibuses, it is said, travel in the ysac upwards of 15 00 ) 000 miles, and carry more than 50,000.000 psenger. The United Methodist Free Churches commenced their- annual district meeting on Taesday, in the' Richmond church. The members of iho Publio Service Board arc making themselves acquainted with the routine of the' Government -Departments. A determmedjdtempt is being made by the Miners9 pAstociaidbn at Sandhurst to put down Sunday Working in the mines. A colossal statute of Sir William Wallace |b to he erected in the Dnthle Park, Aber deen, lately opened By the Princess Beatrice. The European Mail considers that a good trade could be done in rabbits with London, where the poor are fond of them as an article of food ' It is stated that MkS Aliifc Bhes, the well- known vocalist, has been very seriously ill for several days with brain fever, but has now improved. The Bbv. Dr. Kay, of Edinburgh, who recently caused a sensation in Sootland by his defence of the theatre, has resiged his pastorate. _ Mr. Gladstone is the only man living to whom a statue has been raised in a foreign country by popular subscription during his own lifetime. The Msllee question has apparently been most satisfactory settled. A large propor tion of the territory open to selection -has been taken up. A mother in - Ohio is reported to nave killed her infant in the presence of her six- year- old girl, and compelled the latter to bury the corpse. The tender of Mark Gardner at £63,059 7s. 8d. has been accepted by the Harbour Trust for the cutting of a ship canal across Fisherman9 Bend. It is proposed by the Minister of Lands to let a large area of land on the sonth bank of the Yarra upon long leases with conditions as to reclamation. The Dunediu Freethought Association celebrated Tom Paine's anniversary by a concert and ball. Mr. Charles Bright de livered an address. A subscription has been raised sufficient to purchase a library for Canon Barry, whose valuable collection of books was lost by tne wreck of the Simla. The inspectors of State-schools recom mend to the department the adoption of the work 44 Notes and Lessons on Moral Subjects 9 in the State-schools. Irish Americans who have visited the old country during the summer report that the farming class has hot been for years in so prosperous a condition. Mr. WilHe Collin s'a new novel, " I Say No I"9 is to appear in London Soeiety for 1884, The first portion will be found in the January issue of that magazine. A new Thames tunnel, to eost £1,400,000, has been sanctioned by the Metropolitan Board of Works. It will be situated one mile east of London Bridge. Mr. William Thompson, who died in Sep tember, left £30,000 to the University of St. Andrew's, partly to assist females in studying for the medical profession. During the voyage of the barque Glaslyn, from Mauritius to this port, Captain J. Kirkpatrick, the master of the vessel, died under a paralytic stroke. In West Virginia they have unearthed a human skull having a circumference of 40in. above the eyes. Physicians say its owner must have been 15ft. high. A lad of fifteen died near Yackandandah from snake bite in the early part of the week. The bite was sustained through the boy placing his hand in a rabbit hole. Sub-inspector Mackey, who has been for many years stationed as a first-class detec tive at Sandridge, is to be placed in charge of the Shepparton police district. London advices state that Messrs. Henry and Alexander Brogden have made arrange ments with their creditors by which their estate will be liquidated privately. An effort will be made by Geelong people to induce the Minister of Defence to send the Cerberus again to Corio Bay, on the occasion of the fire brigades' demonstration. The coal boring operations in the Win- chelsea district are being proceeded with speedily. The " country 99 at present being bored through is said to be almost as hard as flint. Last year John Wannamaker, of Phila deiphia, gave £40.000 far advertising par poses, bat is made £200,000 for him in trade, and he still thinks well of ths news papers. The Amalgamated Engine-drivers9 Asso ciation has been asked by the Mining De partment to nominate a member of the Government board of examiners for engine- drivers. Among the great audience who were present in the New York Theatre at Mr. Henry Irving's first appearance, were two famous preachers, Dr. Gollyer and the Bev. Henry Beecher. The long-loss African pigmies seem to have been found at last. It appears that there is a tribe in the Soudan named the Fikitiki, the men and women of whioh are seldom taller than 3ft. Colonel Butler, author of the 41 Great Lone Land,99 has bee'u making a tour in Manitoba in connection with a large emigration and colonisation, scheme which he hopes to carry ont this year. Within seventeen years more than forty peerages of England, Great Britain, and the United Kingdom, three of Sootland, and twelve of Ireland, have fallen into abeyance or ceased to exist. The gun-boats and torpedo boat recently constructed for Victoria are to be com missioned for the voyage out by an Order in Council, aad thus placed under the British navai regulations. A giant eucalyptus at Keerim, Victoria, at 4ft.. from the ground measured 72ft. In circumference, or 24ft. in diameter. The tree is described as " green ana nate, ana us height a giddy one.99 A piece of sandstone, with a moa's foot print — 9in. long by 8in. wide — has been found by Mr. Morrow, who had dug it off a large block of stone he found on the Gisborne Beach, Poverty Bay. It is annoanced that during this year the Primitive Methodist Review will contain a symposium on Methodist anion in England, conducted by ministers representing four Methodist denominations. Prince George of Russia, the poet of the Hohenzollern family, has completed another play in French, -entitled 44 Mademoiselle Esther," said to be based on incidents in the life of Madame Sara Bernhardt, r Mr. William Harrison, who has for some time been assistant goods manager on the Midland railway, has been appointed to the office of assistant manager, vacant by the re signation of Mr. Richard Speight, - A conrt-mtfrti&l; was held at Hobart pa hoard H,M,S. Nelson, when nine stamen were tried for desertion in Melbourne, and ; were sentenced to terms of imprisonment ranging from nine to twelve months. j It is stated that the authorities of St. j Paul's Cathedral, London, intend shortly - having the interior surface of the dome . further partly covered with psinted designs ; taken from the Revelation of St. John. The postal service . of Japan has been- ' organised and brought in a short time to a ; state o£ high efficiency. Excepting a few j foreigners in the international offices, the ; emvloyhs— 7,500— are wholly natives. ; Large hauls of trout and blackfish ho recently been made at Riddeli's Greek by anglers from various parte of the colony, who are attracted to the creek by the . splendid field for sport which it offers. j A young man, William M'Auly, a passen ger fromBaimsdale to Sale by the steamer Dargo on Saturday last, was arrested on his arrival in Sale, on the strength of a telegram charging him -with forgery and uttering. ; The print issued by the Art Union of ; London for 188" 4 is of an historic character, and represents the interior of the Tuilleriea j on 20th June, 1792, one of the most j impressive scenes in the French Revolution. ; Sergeant Coyne, of Dunolly, found a j man named Les iter lying on the road near - the hospital b elplessly drunk, and when . brought to the "lock-up and searched he had j no less a sum on his person than £1,228 14s. j lid. j Information ifrom Cobungra River, re- i ceivedon Monday, states that the 4 4 Italians, ' ; a party of miners working a claim adjoining . the Cobungra Gold-mining Company's lease, have cleared up 900oz. for nine weeks' j work. | It has been computed that the number of J paper-mills in tkie world reaches a total of no , .less than 3,985, turning out every year 959,000 tons of paper made from all sorts of substances, including, of course, rags and straw. During the Tecent excursion of Ballarat and Colac people to Port Campbell, the attention, of the visitors was directed to the existence of lime, gypsum, gold, and coal in the Heytesbury forest. Prospecting is pro bable. Dr. Siemens calculates that the present acnnal yield of all the coal-mines of the earth would suffice to keep up the fire of the sun, at its present intensity of light and heat, for about the forty-millionth part of a second. A very sad and fatal accident occurred at Stratford on Friday last, to a man named James Tobin. It appears that he was tying a rope over a load of hay when the rope broke, and he fell backward and broke his neck. A husband in Auburn, Me., in a cross libel for divorce, complained that his wife went to & man's funeral and made herself conspicuous by her manifestations of grief, and afterwards wore mourning for three months. The half-pay or retired pay-lists of the bishops bids far te grow like the Army and Navy lists. A third of the whole Episcopate are on retired pay, and the wonder is that there are no more on the venerable past work list. A society b&s; been formed in London to combat the ravages of sewer ga£. By the payment of £1 a year every member is entitled to have hie house Inspected by the society's engineers, and its condition pointed out to him. Mr. Dean, who is executor under the will of Mr. Beech, the victim of the Pettavel murder, offers to supplement the Govern ment reward of L200 for the discovery of the murderer by L50 out of the murdered man's estate. The Central Board of Health has formally expressed its disapprobation of the proposal to inocnlate rabbits with tuberculosis matter, on the ground that such a practice, if adopted, would be attended With damage to other living things. The construction of a boat harbonr at Portland for the protection of fishermen's craft is to be proceeded with as soon as possible. The Minister of Public Works has called for tenders, which will be opened ! on the 28th instant. It is stated that Mr. Christopher Rol- leston, C.M.G. ; the Hon. H. Mort, M.L.C. ; and the Hon. Thomas Cadell, M.L.C., have accepted positions as local directors at Sydney of the Equitable Life Assurance Society of New York. The fourth anniversary of the Ballarat Miners' Association will be celebrated on the 16th inst. by a trip to Queenscliff1. The defence works at Queenscliff and the light house will be thrown open to the excur sionists on the occasion. The Minister of Public Works has decided to send one of the snagging steamers now at work on the Goulbura to the portion of the River Murray, near Echuca, which is reported to contain snags in such numbers that navigation is impeded. Ballarat is apparently in a bad way. A local journal regrets to hear that three of the oldest inhabitants of the city, Messrs. Seeley, Fly, and Hunt, all of separate firms, are thinking of leaving that city to take up their residence in Melbourne. The longing to possess a large colonial empire which has of late taken so. strong a hold of - the French h&e; inspired a large number of influential gentlemen to organise a society for the propagation of the French language throughout the world. Over five years since, Mr. John Wrathall Bull published his "Early Recollections and Experiences of Colonial Life in South Australia.". The success of the book has been such as to call for a second edition, which has accordingly been issued. The Graphic has been analysing the stories which have appeared in the various Christ mas publications, and has discovered a great foiling off in ghost stories, the witching power of the hour of midnight not having been able to stand in the light of nineteenth century I ecienoe. I Mf. William Westgarth, of the firm of ! Wesfcgarth and Co., colonial agents and brokers, London, andv formerly of Mel 1 bourne, has offered prizes amounting to . I LI, 200 for the best essays on the dwellings of the poor and the rebuilding of the oentral part of London. Daring a heavy ttandn®- SfesS&XlStSBB; nearly 100 yards away. According to the J Belgian Association with regard to the ab s of alcoholic drinks, the annual of spirits is now twelve and a quarter, and that of beer 254 litres per inhabitant. Ane sum spent annually in the public-houses is estimated at £90,000,000. At Gordon a child wasrecentlykiUed by the administration to itof mutton broth strongly flavoured with garlic. The infant was three and a half months old, the offspring of a woman named Josephine Rousten, who pre viously attempted suicide, in consequence of the birth of an illegitimate child. ' The Ballarat Working Man's College has been started. It is intended to be a school for the tradesman, mechanic, or labourer, who wishes to make up what he has lost since he left school, or to give to his children the advantages qf education of which he doubtless has often felt the want. While riding in to Ben alia on Monday, a pian named Hoskins lost a leather purse containing cheques and notes representing £23 Ss. Next morning the black trackers instituted a search, and the lost purse was discovered among some long grass by the keen eyes of the " sons of the forest. Among the visitors to the township of Winchelsea on Friday was Billy Cozens, the aboriginal who, in years gone by, distill guished himself as a cricketer. According to Billy's own account, he appears to have saved money and settled on a \arge tract of land near the South Australian border. The opening of the new Sunday-Behoof in connection with the Hawthorn Presbyterian church, was made the occasion of a successful tea and pnblio meeting on Taesday. Mr. D. M'Dougall (of Sands and M'Dougall) recently donated £250 to the building fund of the Sunday school, which starts free of debt. The country folks are very anxious to secure cheap trains. The Commissioner of Railways does not, however, feel inclined to accede to the request of Wimmera Shire to allow the farmers of the district to travel at excursion fares during September in each year. The department is accordingly to be written to regarding the terms for a special train. M. Bochefort's son, who was with M. de Brazza'a expedition, returned to Paris recently in a most deplorable state. He is so eaten up by fever that his friends scarcely knew him. He reports that M. de Brazza himself, a man who laughs at hardships, is well, but that he has lost half his men, and mort of those who remain are in a had condition. The new regulation framed by the Rail way Commission forbidding officials to give information to the Press is (an exchange remarks) one of the most ridiculous that can well be imagined. Information on the most trivial points is refused, and even the common-place inquiry, " Anything new to-day ?" meets with no response except a direction to apply to the secretary. It used to be said that " La Prance est asses riche pour payer sa gloire bat, assuming these figures to be correct, neither she or any conntry in the world could afford such un productive wasting of the taxpayers' money as the expenditure on late wars. The financial condition of France is a very black spot indeed. The bare fact that in time of peaoe 160, 000,0001. are required speaks for itself. One of (the prettiest Bights in the Calcutta Exhibition ls tbe representation of an Aus tralian fern; gully in the Victorian Court, made np by a well-executed scene on canvas of a mountain range in the distance, and a deep gully, with its accessories in the fore- . ground, the approach to it from the building being lined with gigantic ferns, brought specially from Victoria to make up the scenic illasion. The marriage of the Princess Victoria, of Hesse, to Prince Louis, of Battenberg, is at present fixed to take place on the 15th of April at Darmstadt, and it is expeeted that the Emperor, the Crown Prince and Crown Prinasss, Prince and Princess Willis m, the Prince and Princess of Wales, and other English Princes and Princesses will be present. A hope is also expressed that ' Queen Victoria may attend the ceremony on her way to Baden Baden. A novel incident occurred at Hawarden Ca6tle. The Premier, Mrs. Gladstone, and the Mi sees Gladstone were going to meet the Duke and Duchess of Westminster. The Premier's coachman was unable to drive, owing to indisposition, but an able substitute was found in Lord Aberdeen. His lordship put on coachman's attire, drove the distinguished party to their destination, and returned with the carriage to the Castle. The incident caused much amusement. It wonld be well writes a speoial corres pondent) if some of those who write and folk of India as a country would take to heart the lesson whioh this great industrial gathering (the Calcutta Exhibition) has emphasised and look npon it as it is— a continent made up of many countries and peoples and races, with histories dating before the Norman Conquest, whose ancestors founded «"»pireg and built palaces when onr forefathers dwelt in mud huts, and painted their bodies with woad. A tailor, named Campbell, at BellshilL England, has received news of a very gratifying character. He has had left him out in Queensland an estate of 1,000 acres, with all the improvements and buildings on the property, and the stock, which, it fa understood, includes 600 herd of cattle and eighty horses. Campbell s brother went out to Australia twenty years ago, and nothing was heard of him till recentlv, when the news c£ his death oame, and with it the above „This Property fa worth from £8,000 to £10,000. Oetewayo fa reported to have been poisoned. The Biehop of Melbourne fa on a trip to Gippsland. Sinkat has fallen into the hands of the M&hdi;'s troops. A Fruit-growers Association has been es tablished in Hobart. Mr. Bradiaogh has resigned his seat for Northampton, to again seek election. Mr. B. Murray Smith has been leetaring in England on 4< An Australian Dominion,'' The Victorian gun -boats have been off ere j to the British Government for service in the Bed Sea. The Arabs are determined to erect a monument for Hioks Pasha on account of hie great bravery. It is said that the Salvation Army have secured the Theatre Royal, Castlemaine, at a rental of L4 per week. Miss Nellie Veitch will give a dramatic recital at the Ballarat Academy of Music on Tuesday, 19th inst. Miss Sarah Lewis and Miss Vera Goad will also appear. The Donald Carrie line gets £12,000 subsidy from the Imperial Government for running & monthly steamer from Mauritius to T&matave.; A precedent. Just to band. Isn't India ss much to Australia as Madagascar to the Mauritius? An appeal fa being made to the public of Australia for assistance in making a national testimonial to James Stephens, one of the pioneers of tbe eight-hours system. Stephens is now old and crippled to such an extent that he fa unable to support his family. Father Curci, the ex-Jesuit preacher, ho=e works on the temporal power of the Pope have created so great a sensation, is now in Florence revising the proof- sheets of another Important work which, it fa said, will contain important revelations regarding tbe Vatican. The nautical Injunction which reads— " Passengers are requested not to talk to the man at the wheel," has been re- produced in the order of the Telephone Company. 44 Subscribers are requested not to converse with the young ladies of the telephone exchange except upon business." Tbe following advertisement appealed in The Tunes of the 29th November 44 Skin Tightener fa used thus — For loose skin under ths eyes, pimples, and furrows:— Well wet a handkerchief in the liquid, place it ever the face, let It remain for a time, when an improvement will gradually ensue. Bottle sent secretly peeked, 10s. 6dL, etc " The Harpers have just published Mr, Bolfe's edition of 44 Titus Andronieas." Tbe editor bad intended to omit this play from hi edition of Shskspere, and now includes it only in deference to the advice of many friends on both sides of the Atlantic. Most of these friends, he declares, agree with him that gentle Will probably had little to do with writing the play. The text is given without expurgation. The Whitehall Review understands that, ss leading counsel for the defence of O'Donnell, Mr. Charles BusseU, Q C., received a retain, ing fee of 2,OtO guineas, drawn, bien entendu , from the coffers of the Land League ; acd adds that 44 so large a sum for the almost hopeless defenoe of a murderer, wbc?e conviction seemed from the outset so certain, is, we can readily believe, without precedect in the history of tbe bar." The recently published returns of the Government Statist of Victoria give the population of this Australian Continent in 1SS1 as 2,136,912, and it will be within ths mark to put it down to-day at a little under two and a half millions, or about s event v- four persons to every 100 square miles of territory. The Geelong Advertiser conse quently counsels that we should introduce the system of immigration. It is stated by the London correspondent of the Queenslander that Mr. Archibald Forbes has settled down mice more ss a London journalist, and, of course, in connection with the Daily News. It was supposed that he had abandoned the profession in which he gained so much distinction, and intended to live in America ; but he has quietly fallen back into bis old groove, and is working hard for the magazines and reviews. A good deal of mystery fa attached to the meaning of the word 41 Grip " which ie being largely advertised now in connection with the new boys9 weekly newspaper. In America we learn the word is now largely ased to express the small articles of luggage which travellers take with them inside the railway carriage, and it is so convenient that it is hkely enough it may be adopted in England. Your railway rug, your dressing case, your bundle of sticks, possibly also your bat box, your gun esse, and small portmanteau, woold in America be shortly described as your "grips." The derivation of the word m this connection is obvious enough. The Catholic Bishop of Sandhurst, the Right Rev. Dr. Crane, has fesued a Lenten pastoral. Upon the education question Dr. Crane says : — 44 One potent cause of the de plorable evils which to-day desolate soeiety is the apathy and cruel indifference of paremts regarding the education of their children. Real education, he holds, must be primarily the work of home influence. Under no pretext whatever must Catholic children cross the threshold of any school in which religion does not get its rightful place as the foundation and essential accompani ment of all true education. " A curious and novel idea— -that of a "spoken newspaper "aTbW carried into practical effect in Bans. Properly speaking, the newspaper in question fa no newspaper at all, the fact bong that a num- ®eiL jounnlfats appeared before an audience at the Athene Theatre, and de- hvered addresses similar in form to tbe different articles in a dally journal. One gS&ve; an account of the previous day's sitting in the Chamber of Deputies, another spoke Of politics, a third gave the telegraphic and so on. The reading of nfettiileton in imitation of the styleof EnuleZOia caused amusement ; and some sketches by M. Le Petit, the well-known caricaturist, which were added, were well received ; but the serious articles fell unite fiat, and the editor acknowledged that his first essay had no t proved sucoeesful 