TO THE EDITOR OF THE CO DRIER. £ra,—"ViTicll Omnia Veritas" has sprang up again,-Phcenix-like, from bis ashes. His quiet a j- sumption that all his veracity, and intelligence are on the side of tbe sceptics, Is, I suppose, but tbe natural fruit of the tree on whicb ft grows. To follow him through all Ms references would be a demand upon yonr space The. Courier cannot afford, -or it might easily be shown that such as refer to aicknesB are all against him It is nu new device, when hard pressed io argument, to try to cover an ignoble rer icit by raising side issues. When one's powder is done, anything will do tbat will raise a smoke bsbind which to retire. " Veritas " is trying this little dodge, but it will not do. It is wellknown tbst the subject of this controversy is " Healing by faitb ana prayer," the means by which and trom whom healing comes, when tbis is settled, It will then bu tlme enough to discuss who is the author of ticknes9, ana how it comes. It will be rather remarkable, "however touching and beantifnl," if both spiing from the same fountain. " My brethren, these things oughtnotso to be. Doih a fonntain send forth sttliB same place sweet watf r and bitter ?' (James, Hi., 11). " Veritas" certainly disproves nothing. All that be does Is to fling out imputation of fraud and trick, and thle unworthy method is so easy, for it neither demands ability nor labor. It is a field in which the most suspicions and tbe most malignant find most success, though they glean nothing but stabble. Yonr correspondent evidently objects to prove his disinterestedness, by pnblishing bis name, in response to Mr Allen's letter Even Mrs Webster, notwithstanding all ber prevarication, still maintains, according to Mr Mitchell's statement, that bers is a case of " healing from the Lord," and "Veritas" profestes to "believe in the nearness, and presence, and power, of Jetus Christ—tbat He can beal now as easily as in the days of His fiesb." Then by what authority does he asBert tbat Christ is less willing, or that He has changed tbe "means." I do not disparsge doctors' medicine, and other human "means," but I do maihtain tbe Bible teaches tbat tbe Lord has something better and surer than all these for bis believing children If to believe the whole of Matt. xxv. be fanaticism, then I am a fanatic I do not seek to lower the standard to the height of my faith bnt to raise my faith to tbat standard. I am firmly persuaded that " healing " Is not the only blessing we are losing for want ot faith in the promises of Christ. Not a ingle passage of Scripture has been, or can be, uoted to show that the "gifts of tbe apirit" were ntended for the primitive church only, or that tbe reaching of th- gospel wonld not be accompanied y the demonstration and power of the Holy Ghost, s indicated in Matt, xxv., so long as the church was united and its preachers faithful. The challenge is now given, "impugn it whoso list." Such anecdotes as that about Napoleon I would expect from some qnartero, bat not from a Christian. Napoleon's built:ts would ha equally destructive to other parts of the Christian armor that "Veritas thinks bullet- proof as to "faith-healing." The enemies of the Cross need no prompting by its -.io'eased friends. " Tincit Omnia Veritas " says —"Htpnily tbere the sure word of God's truth accessible tn all, to which we shall do well to give heed," ana to which I say "Amen." I am quite willing to accept a "thus salth the ; ord" as settling the whole controversy, and have twice challenged tbe prodnction of one passage of Scripture, stating thait "healing by faith and prayer" was intendc-d for the primitive church only; Will somebody kindly obliite roe, and "save me from my fanaticism?' Thes need not be particular about the "intelligently," if it be bnt "scripturally RNHVAMLL " VNNM Jlrr. ? 