lÄ0bitrq ?\pmût THE FAEMES8' ADyOOATE. SA TURD A T, JfOtSUBBR ti, X88$. FoRTT defaulting ratepayers summoned to Court-and more to come. Ie this « healthy sign ot nineteenth century morality. We fail to see it. We believe that any one of these ratepayers had a just right to oppose iniquitious taxation; but did they show that it was so P They did not not eren one of them ; for the few who did defend their cases set up the lamest excuses imaginable. One pleaded that the OouncQ Clerk had not served him with a ratepaper as he should hare done ; another that he was indebted for part of the amount only which was no reason why he should not pay that which he knew he did owe ; a third pleaded his-what may be termed-sus» pensory state ; that is, a sort of neutral position, that of being suspended, as it were, betwixt two spheres, like Mahomet's coffin-in plain English, his insolvency which, however, didn't wash, as it was shown that the rate was struck after thia chrysalis phase began; and a fourth declined to pay because the rate for the present Municipal year was a few pence higher than the last- and this was the only case which may be said to have gone against the Council- though it waa owing to an informality in serving the summons that the defendant obtained, a non-suit. There was certainly a ease continued though why, we utterly fail to see; but then we are sot Justices, and therefore cannot be supposed to see as they see.. At any rate, there was not much to find fault with in that direction, for if they erred one way, they certainly compensated for the error in another direction; and nothing could have been more apropot than the very straight way in which Justice COLMKB put the whole thing to the insolvent defendant. " Have you voted at each Municipal elec tion since you became insolvent?'' said the worthy J.P. ; to whioh the defendant assented. "Then you avail yourself of all the privileges of the Municipal franohise, yet you try to evade the Council's just de mands ; pay the rate !" This was about as well put, as if the Squire of Oaklandvüle had worn judicial hore-hair since the days of King SOLOMOH. Now, to show that the majority of these forty persona had not the ghost of an excuse for not paving their rates, by far the greater number never even put in an ap pearance, while those who did planked down their coin like men who were ashamed to be seen in the position they were, still men enough to admit their sins, and with a contrite heart, were only too ready to humbly make amends. Some people seem to think that it ia a proper and very clever thing to decline paying the State taxes or Municipal rates until they are compelled to ante up- some people even carry that particular line of conduct still further, and make a point of Saying nobody until they are compelled to oso. This is bad morality, and at the same time, poor policy, because when they are compelled to pay, they are also mulct in costs-which they might have saved by toeing the mark at the proper time. We do not wish to confound these two distinct classes of persons, because we know for a fact, and from experience, that men whose minds are so framed that they always look upon Government of any kind as a sort of huge constitutional machine for plundering people, are, many of them,',the most prompt and liberal in ali that concerns their busi ness relations with individuals. Still, it is juBt as well that such persons should form more correct ideas as to the relation of the State to the people, and vice versa-as well as between Municipal Councils and rate payers. It must be evident to any tolerably sane mind, that Government is necessary, both on the larger scale and on the smaller one of Municipalities, and that it is also necessary, in order that such Governments, either local or general, must have funds, to enable them to carry on with. The people derive a benefit from the collective wisdom and joint efforts of Municipal Councillors ; and for such bene fits they certainly have a right to pay. If things do not go on as the ratepayers wish, it is certainly their own fault-seeing that they have every opportunity afforded them of selecting, and returning to office, the very best men ; and if they do not do so, whose fault is it but their own ? We believe, then, that the Mayor-or rather, the Council (for they decided to a man that the thing should be done, and voted the money for the purpose) did per fectly right in instituting proceedings in thia matter ; and it is not because Alder man MOSES is Mayor that we say so, for it muBt be well-known that during the Mayorality of Alderman PRIMROSE, we incessantly urged that precisely the eame course should be pursued. It was not done however ; and thus it devolved upon the present Mayor to bring about a climax, by urging upon the Council the necessity of at once proceeding with the business ; and with what excellent results, the ver 1 diets of last Tuesday week has shown. ! We have heard that the Mayor has lost cante in certain quarters by his prompti tude, and has even Buffered in hts private I affairs-which, we are quite sure, troableth ¡ him but little ; but in this, those few small I minda who fall out with a man for doing his duty, are wrong, because if the Mayor is blameable, so also must be the whole Council, for, ns we have shown, every man Jack of 'em voted that ho should proceed as he did. But we feel confident that by far the larger-very much larger-number of ratepayers in the Borough will compli ment-if they have not already done so both Mayor and Aldermen for having done their duty-a duty which has certainly been held in abeyance much toe long a time. We are well aware that there ia always a considerable amount of odium attached to 1 men who do their duty ; and because of this, weak minds sometimes almost regret harina done the correct thing, because they fear either a little clamour from noisy individuals, who are all Bound and fury, or they aro apprehensive of a little individual loss. Lot us hope that this does not apply to any ono of our Borough Councillors ; out that nil will congratulate themselves that by following their loader they have done much this year to compensate for the post ; and that having done so well in this first attempt at getting in arrears of rates, tiley «ÏII just as cheerfully vote whatever «um ia required to enable the Mayor to get in Ute remainder. . ? , This money, and the sum of £260 lately secured by the energy of the Mayor, from what was considered a very bad «aje, will go s long way, if intelligently expended, towards palting old Windsor in some thing like ship-shape order; and both Aldermen and ratepayers will be enabled in years tooome, to look back at the Municipal year of 1885, as the actual beginning of a new order of thing«-a golden era in the Borough of "Windsor. TBS success that has attended the Windsor Parliamentary Debating Club, should be an incentive to people in other directions to go and do. likewise. We are pleased to ob serve, also, that our friends at Sackville Beach are still doing good work with their Debating Society-wbioh was formed seve ral months prior to the Windsor Club; of course, they do not come up to the Windsor Club, for many reasons : in the first place, they have not the population centred in a small area, such as we have in Windsor, and this necessitates long rides of some miles, on dark nights and over rough roads, I in order to be present at their meetings ; and then they have not the advantage of a library for works of reference, such as the Club has here, in the School of Arts-for much as that library has been decried by grumblers, there are many good works to be found on the book shelves, which must be of great use to young men taking part in a debate. Besides this, the Sackville Club do not seem to have the same system of Govern ment that obtains in the Windsor Club, where the " rules" and " standing orders" are rigidly observed ; and moreover, it is not based on strictly Parliamentary lines which, we may say, has been the chief factor of success in the Windsor Club. We did not intend to draw invidious com parisons between the two Clubs-that would be unfair, as the circumstances of each are so different; but as we have touched upon the "Parliamentary" prac tice-and we know that many intelligent, educated, and well-read gentlemen in our midst do not believe in the system-we may be allowed to say a word or two. in defence of it. We candidly confess that we did not at first like the idea, and our reasons were based upon exactly the same grounds as are those who now oppose it. We believed that a stated question, put to the Club, and de bated on its merits, was far better than the paraphernalia and formality of a mock Speaker, Government, and Opposition ; we believed that the question would be better argued out that way, that there would be lesB loss of time upon useless " motions for adjournments," "points of order,'*" "personal explanations," "questions,"and so on ; and that there would be lesB liability to disorder. That was our first view ; but having seen how well the " Parliamentary" principle works, when carried out as closely as possible to the original, we have altered our minds, and we now contend that a Suestion eon be discussed much better «líder ie system that now' prevails in the Wind sor Club, than ia any other way. 7 Ad- < mitted that there kat been much lost tinie; admitted, even, that there have been scenes \- but what of that? does it not show that the members copy, " true to nature," the doings of those gentlemen in Maoquarie street, upon whom rests the welfare of this great colony ? It is contended, on all sides, that the Club should be a nursery, as it were, for future statesmen-that the Windsor Parlia mentary Debating Club should turn out more CUNNEENS, or we might even say, DENIEHTS ; well, if such great things are shadowed forth, what better can the mana gers of this excellent Club - do than instruct its members thoroughly in Parliamentary simply a Debatiug Club- having to discuss a set question, as to whether Buch a thing is right or wrong; everything must be done in a proper manner, and in carrying on the business of the country, all sorts of ques tions arise which, before the House met, were scarcely thought of. Thus, many a good debate takes place- spontaneously, it may be said-which is by no means a waste of time. So in the Debating Club-a matter is introduced by some member on a " motion for adjournment," which no one is prepared for; and no better test of a young man's ability in debate can be given than by his rising in his place then and there, and giving expression to his senti ments without having time to read or study any particular part. It teaches him to grasp a subject quickly, and as promptly frame his line of argument, and put his thoughts into words-which could never be done in the old-fashioned Debating Club. All sorts of exigencies arise at any sitting, in which the young member may be called upon to take part ; he is, therefore, on the om" fiee, for whatever may turn up -he is like a well-trained charger, ready for the fray at a moment's notice ; and we fee] assured that any young man having the advantage of such training for a year or two, would be in a far better position to take part in public affairs- either in or out of Parlia ment, than he who had a taste of simply debating stock subjects. We can see every I advantage to be gained in this " playing at Parliament"-especially as there is a good deal of " playing," even in Macquarie I street ; and given, that there are good rules, and standing orders, and a firm, intelligent " Speaker" and " Deputy-Speaker" to put | them in force, we unhesitatingly affirm that ! a Debating Club conducted 011 Parliamen tary orincipies, is superior to any other. 1 We, therefore, truit that our friends at Sackville will see their way to conform to our idea es soon as possible, uni that our. Richmond .friends will also make one of those energetic starts, for which they are noted, and go in for a Debating Club on these lines. C0MM0KAOE.-The Pitt Town Commoners are anxiously enquiring when the Senior Trustee, or the Secretary, or somebody, is going to call a meeting to elect other trustees vice Messrs, Bowd and Davies, resigned. The first named resigned some months ago, and the second the other week ; these vacancies should have been filled long ngo, and who is to blame that, they are not ? Now then Messrs. Pendergast and Johnston, hit out ! USE Hop Bitters once and you Jill use no other medicine. Test it. Be sure and read. Parliament is not 