NEWS AND NOTES. The c orrespondence per R.M.S. Ganges will reach the Ballarat post-office by first train this morning. To-day will be observed as public holiday. bairig'tbeanmversary of the proclamation of the. consfKutioh, but this will be the but occasion on which there'wiUbea suspension of Govern i meat hnriooM'in "commemoration of that event. The Pnblio Service Act of last session, which is soon to come Into. operation, abolishes the hoU day- : " " ' '. - - r The Premier is in receipt of a cablegram from thoErrl of Derby..intimating that the. question* 'of appointing ■n'Aastrriian'cbancirof advise' to' assist the High Commissioner in his management of the New Guinea protectorate would -be allowed, to stand over until Major-General Scratchelyarrived in Australia. A similar de termination has been come to by the Home authorities in respect to the appeal made to the Australian Governments for increasing the New Guinea protectorate subsidy to £30,000. ! The postponed drum-bead military sacred service, which was held yesterday afternoon at the.Eistero Oral,, will result in the addition of a ▼ary .handsome sum to the Charity Sunday foods, which it was intended to benefit. The Ballarat Battalion mustered at the Orderly-room at about half-past 2 o'clock, to about the number of about 150 of all ranks, under the command of Lieut.-Colonel Sleep,.- The men fell ; inin ordi nary anuorm, but without rifles;' thence, pre ceded by the band, they marched . along Gren ville street, and through Bridge street,’ by way of Peel street, to .the O-al. The Salvation Army created a diversion io Bridge street by suddenly defiling out of a right-of-way and marching with their band at the head of the procession as far as Peel street. The Ballarat City Fire Brigade, headed by the City and Town Dram and Fife Band, and the Ballarat Brigade, headed by the ' Soldiers Hill ' Bind, also marched from their respective- - stations to tha gronod, to assist in the service. The streets ! passed through by the Militia were lined, with large numbers of people, and the Oral, thanks to the beautifully fine weather, was thronged with an immense crowd, such as it has' scarcely yet held. The attendance continued to increase,.until at, about 3 o’clock it must have reached clbsie upon 10,000/about two-thirds of the green.being covered by a dense mass of heads and parasols. - The service was'conducted by the Van-Archdeacon. Julius in front of the pavilion, where a pulpit had been improvised by a pile of drams, over which was thrown the Union Jack. ! The Militia wero drawu up in line ‘in front, while the pavilion was occnpied;by the band'and a choir of some 200 children and others, under the. baton of Mr T. J. Datable, The proceedings', were opened by singing the “. Old Hundredth,” and as tbs familiar notes of the well-known hymn rose'upon the air,'the scene was very impressive. After prayer and a. short service, the ven. archdeacon gave an im pressive address, which was attentively Uscened to by those fortunate enough to be in a position to catch the words that felt from the speaker’s lips; In eloquent words he counselled the men, and spoke of the Christian virtues necessary to the true soldier, as illustrated by Christ himself during his sojourn hero. The following hymns were sang daring the service, to the accompani-: meat.of the Militia band, led by Mr Batch— “ Work for the night is coming”; “San -of my j spnl,” “Onward, Christian soldiers,” “Abide | with me.” Owing to. the else, of the assemblage some time was occupied in taking np the collec tions, bat a larae number of gentlemen assisted in the work. No charge was made at the gates, though a collection was taken: np at each of the entrances. The total amount- thus raised by voluntary subscriptions was £126 15s. L'-ent.-' Colonal Sleep and the members of the 3rd Bat talioo v .tnay well be complimented on the success of the effort, as also may the Fire Brigades, the Town and City and Soldiers Hill Bands, and the other gentlemen who came forward to assist the : cause of charity. - ' ■. The discussion of the M'Parland case at the meeting of the Town Connell, on Friday night,-is to be' productive ’ of either-a civil or criminal action for libel. One councillor, who referred to Mr Inspecter Parkinson,' is to be made defen dant. On Saturday morning Mr Parkinson gave his case into the bands of a well- known Lydiard street firm of solicitors.- The ■ surroundings of the case of ex-Sergeant M’Parland.will,' so it is rumoured, bs the means of creating a good -deal of excitement before all is over. Fears were entertained some days ago that the lockout in Melbourne in the bpptmaking trade would disturb the qdietnde and harmony which at present prevail in the business'in Ballarat. Such is not likely to be the case, however; for we are informed that on Saturday morning a meet ing of the leading local boot manufacturers was held, when it was decided not to follow the ex- 1 ample set by the employers of Melbourne- We j have not received this information officially, but still there appears to ba‘ no reason to doubt the correctness of the resolution said to bo arrived at. All the Ballarat trades—employers and cot- j ployes-r are working smoothly together, and for I the sake of :tho good name of the district, it is to be hoped that . they..will. long continue j to do so. Saturday night’s World says:— “ Tnere are now abont 1300 bootmakers out on strike. Most of tho large factories are closed, and a number of dickers, finishers, and girls, who do- not belong to the union, and who have not struck, are locked out. Amongst those where the general lock-out has been introduced, may be mentioned Bedgood and Thompson’s, at Richmond; Ewell’s and Corris, Craig, and Cos., Little Latrose street; Levy’s, a’Beskatt street; Richardson’s, West Melbourne; Marshall and Go’s, Sandridga road; Nicholls and M’Cartney’s, South Melbourne. Some of- the. factories are etill employing girls and men who do the pre liminary work in the boots, but by this means a lot of unfinished stock will be accumulated, so the work is not likely to be carried on long. The retail price of boots is bound to advance in conse quence of the stoppage of work. A large number of the “ strikista” assembled at the Trades Hall this afternoon for the purpose of paying 15 per cent, on their gross earnings foe the week towards the expenses of conducting tho strike. The men are determined to stand out, but one or two employers have shown 'signs of giving way, one of them going so far as to say to the men that if they can prove that any of the other employers who signed the circular are employing union men. he will taka them all on again on their own terms.’? Satnr day night’s late, edition of the Strald says; —“The bootmakers' strike, or rather lock out, is now complete, about 1400 now; being eat of employment. ■ There was a large muster, of operatives at tho Trades’ Hall this afternoon to pay up their levy. The bootmakers have re ceived _many_ promises of substantial support from private individuals and public bodies. A telegram was received from Ballarat This after noon, that four manufacturers have not locked out their men, and work will be continued.” The drawingroom entertainment which takes place this evening id Christ Church schoolroom, ' attached to tho Pro-Cathedral, promises to be of exceptional merit. As will be seen by our adver tising colums, some of the best talent will take part in the rendition of the programme. Among the instrumental soloists wo notice the names of Miss Ada Willette and Miss Farrar.' Archdeacon Julius and Mr John Kobsbn will contribute recitations. There will also be a flute trio, and two grand quartettes on two pianos, which, from the well known ability of. the artists, will un doubtedly be of superior excellence. Miss Martin, of Crewick;- Miss Lewis;, Mesdames Madden, Webb; and Messrs Webb and M‘Noil will contribute vocal selections to the entertain ment, which, from the great demand for tickets, is bound 'to be a success ,financially; and will greatly add to the funds of tba Sunday School, for which .it was inaugurated. A special meeting of the Ballarat Typographi cal Association was held oo Saturday afternoon to consider the Factories Act as affecting the printing trade. Resolutions were passed agree ing with tho bill generally, and it was derided to ' take joint action with the Melbourne Society in its support. . . The Railway, Commissionera expect to be able to complete tbeir inspection of the railway line* -of the colony this week. The weather yesterday was beautifully fine. Tba attendance at the lake and gardens was; however, limited, owing to the many attending - the dram-head service at the Eastern Oval. Wo are informed that ,the total collections in j the Ballarat Roman Catholic churches in the district on behalf of the Charity Sunday move ment will amount to over £100." The Rev. Father Cleary, of Hamilton, brother to the late Ballarat priest of the same name, celebrated two masses' at St. Patrick's Cathedral yesterday. At 11 o’clock an impressive sermon was'de livered on the “Judgment Day,” The people in Sturt street on Saturday even ing received a musical treat of no mean order. Tho Allendale and'Kiegston Brass Band, under tho able leadership of Mr T. E. Butch, per formed in the rotunda, to, the. delight of many hundreds of persons, who testified their ap proval by loud clapping of hands. Mr Bulch, who is the bandmaster to the Ballarat Militia, is a musician of a high order of merit, and like nearly all German artists,, he possesses a won-’* derful command over the instrument itou which he performs. It is no matter for surprise, then, that his Allendale and Kingston band are so perfect, and it is littlo wonder that a number of musical critics should on Saturday night applaud them. The following programme was gone through:—Contest march, “ Jumbo,” T. E. Bulch; valse,■ “Boccaccio,” SuppA; -grand fantasia (descriptive), -“Joan of Aro,” H. Round; solo (tongueing), polka, “Tritono." T. E. Bulch; valse, 11 Mountain' and glen,” H. Round; mazurka, “Queen of song, Linlef; .contest march, “ Ballarat,” T. E. Bulch; quad rille,- “ Janette,” H. Bound; contest march, -‘.‘Tempest,’’. H.,Round. The march *‘Ballarat” is to bo performed in band' competitions at Christmas-time. Mr A: T. Morrison, the Mayor pf the City, at the conclusion of the perforinance, ibvitejl Mr Bulph and,- his musicians Jto refresh ments at Lester’s hotel. /The mayor proposed the.health of “Theßandmaster andßand.”_ In, doing so ho’ said that he was delighted with the musical treat which the boys from Allendale and Creswiok bad given that night in; the rotunda, and he felt.sure’that every person in the Urge crowd, that gathered round the; band-stand, was alro highly pleased : with the performance. Mr \- Monish replied oh-behalf. of tho bandmaster, and. band, and mid that the efficiency of tba mntic&mwasdito; to IfciiWahVahffityaa ani- Welmay state thit':fitk'#« : pw4.| • tb'illndilr'Mil'; Kingston during tbs auannsr, give a number of Saturday night parfornrinoat In* Ballarat,, Itiaalso intended to hold "aavaral sabred performancee ia 4h# Botanical Qu3esv on Sand*;*, daring tlio ensoiag hhoo. . H I Yesterday was Chanty Sunday ia fho Scots’ Church, Soldier* Hill.. Than was a largo attend* 1 once morning and evening. The preacher took as his subject in the morning the Parable of the .Good Samaritan, preaching therefrom a suitable disbourto/.ahovingthat lore to onr -neighbour meant love to every needy, man, to_man as mao, to erery man;' and that" this' stood ’ broad-based' I upon the natural factthat all men; are of one blood, that-all-men rhave-a common Father, | hence men are brothers all He appealed for the Ballarat charities on the ground that the Hospital was in name and in idea a Christian in- | institution; in foot, the fruit of Chrstianity. This was the glory of humanity—to succor the feeble and save the lost. In the evening Mr M‘Connell preached from Ist Corinthians ziii., 13—“ But now abideth faith, hope, charity ; but the greatest of these is charity.” The rev. gentle man at some length dwelt upon the great virtue, charity, and pointed out that it was entirely un selfish, and that the word “ charity” did not express the full meaning of the Christian grace; neither did lore truly express it, and there was no word to folly express the meaning of charity id its Christian sense. The collections for the day amounted to £lO. ; It seemsthatthe Melbourne magistrates misun derstood the order from the Crown Law Depart ment with reference to J.'sP. sitting in certain eencte. The Attorney-General does not intend to confine justices to any particular -court or courts in their respective bailiwicks, but merely desires to know the courts regularly attended, so that an official list may be compiled for gene ral information. This explanation reached Bal larat on Saturday, and it is probable that the meeting of local magistrates convened for to-day will not now be held. “One man’s opinion of the devil ’’ was the title of a Lecture delivered by Mr W. J. Martoll, at the Academy of Mnsic, last evening, before a fairly targe audience. He argned the existence of the devil io man. -The devil, the speaker alleges], was external force, arising from chemi cal properties evolved from the strata of the earth. The devil that .tempted Eva in the Garden of Elen was licentiousness The devil in the case of Cain, who slew bis brother Abel, was the effect of intolerance and jealonsy, re solving themselves into mnrdor. Tha "foregoing instance was the first record of carnal warfare on this earth. Job, the lecturer said, was afflicted with the devil “ self,” and ho had to endure sufferings to be purged of that evil part of his nature. ; Mr Martel! intimated that be believes in the existence of 'God, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost, and that departed sonls are in a state of progression in the after life. Next Sunday he' will speak' npon "The Salvation Army. and what we may learn from it." Mr Martell disclaims any idea of seeking popularity by his discourses, and states that the matter in them is the result of patient study for years. \- The distribution of- prizes in connection. with the Ballarat Hebrew school to the successful pupils took place yesterday. The position of dnx of the school was obtained -by Master J. Vince, while Master Phillips obtained the head teacher’s prize for Hebrew reading. Some 20 prizes in all were distributed most;of them given by Mr I Jonas, who also made the presentation. Mr Mitchell, of Sydney, gave a' donation of £1 Is towards tbs prize fund for next year. The weekly, return of the Ballarat District Hospital shows that dnring the past week 83 in patients and 519 out-patients, including eight casualties, received treatment. No deaths oc curred. The bon. medical officer for the ensuing week will be Dr Ochiltree, and the bon. surgical officer Dr Pincock, On and after to-day correspondence for Pens hurst will be sent via C-mperdown, in addition to via Duokald. The time appointed for clo-ing is 3.15 p.m. daily, except on Saturdays, when the office will close at 6.30 p.m. . The scholars attending the Wesleyan Sunday, school, at Creswick, visit our Botanical Gardens to-day for their annual onting and picnic. \- A horse owned by Mr Eastwbbd, of Laxton, was kicked by another horse on Saturday after noon, at O’Farrell and Son’e sale-yards. The animal, which sustained a broken lag, had to be destroyed; - - Mr J. -S. Cooper, secretary of the Ballarat Fish Acclimatisation Society, expects a consign ment of salmon and tront ova from Sin Francisco in a few weeks’ time. The condition of Mr Thomas • Mackay, who was removed to the Hospital on Thursday, con tinues about the tome as on his admission to the institution. He has lost the power of movement in his right leg and arm, but retains the tonsa* tion in them. The bullet, it is thought, is lodged-in the left side of the brain, and may probably remain there.* An elderly man named J. Craig, a resident of Little Bendigo, had his arm broken yesterday morning by a fall from a tree. He attended at' the Hospital during the day, where the injured limb was tot. - * - “ Under the VaJms” jrill be performed to morrow night in the Wesleyan Lecture' Hall, Oanastroet. This beautiful and instructive can tata should draw a crowded audience. An official error crept into the prize-list of the Horticultural Society’s Show published on Fri day. The prize for the quart of large straw berries in Class Ilf. was won by Mr John Splatt, of Ascot street. We are now told that with one exception the drapers of Billarat are averse to the proposed change in the weekly half-holiday. The trades man who does not object to the alteration is not in a very large way of business. Mr Andrew Anderson, J.P., attended at the Town Court, on Saturday morning and adjudi cated in the cases of two persons. A notorious female toper, Agnes Butterworth, was sent to goal for six months as an habitual drnnkhnrd. The other prisoner, an old ewagmao, was dis charged, and he subsequently went on a begging tour through Soldier’s Hill. The South Ballarat Football Club held an ex ceedingly enjoyable social gathering- at - the Fhcenix Hail, on Friday evening. The testiriuss were directed by Mr James .Lyons, who was master of the ceremonies. Over 60 couples were in attendance. Among the dancers we noticed Mr Salter, solicitor, one of the patrons of the club. Apologies were received from M>jor Greenfield and the Mayor of the City, the other two patrons of the club, -The room was nicely decorated for the occasion, and dancing was kept np till an advanced hour ’ to the - music of Mr Piper, piano; and Mr Sehraeder, violin. Refreshments were laid - out in an ante-room, Mr M’Keoxie, of Bridge street being teocatersr. The social proved a moat enjoyable affair. Mr Edmund Knights' has been appointed deputy electoral registrar for the Soarsdale divi sion of the electoral district of Grenrilte, and for the Grenville division of the Nelson Province; During the week ended 15th November 195 births and 133 deaths were registered in Mel bourne and suburbs. Of' the deaths 67. were of children under three years of age, and IS under one year. The Gazette of Fridaj last officially announces that a post- office has been established at Ballarat North, and that the post-office at Ormond will be closed on the Ist prox. , Money orders may how be obtained and made payable at the post-office, Lai Lai. \- Mr T. B. Trezise baa been temporally ap pointed Inspector of Mines and Mining Machi nery.' On Thursday a lad captured a crayfish in a dam near the iceworks in Barkly street, and commenced to play with it. Suddenly the fish nipped the boy on the finger, and shortly after wards the digit gave signs .of poisoning.'- It is (thought the crayfish was feeding upon-putrid animal matter when caught by the lad. The pianos to bo used at the Christ Church drawing-room..entertainment this evening are two. of the Brinsmead upright grands, kindly lent by Mr Birtcbnell. That the quality of these instruments may be fully appreciated, they have been brilliantly tnned and adjusted by Mr Sior, the new London tuner. Mr J. S. Cooper, J.P., held a magisterial en quiry on Saturday touching the cause of death of a woman named Grace Hargreaves, 50 years of age, a gatekeeper at Wallace who had been fonnd dead in her bed in her bed at about 7 o’clock in the morning. Tbs post mortem exami nation showed that death was the result of heart disease, and the magistrate found accordingly. •The Children’s Aid Society, in New York, has a summer home for poor children in Long Island, and during the past summer 4000 little children from the most crowded sinms of the oity were guests, ■ On the 18th January next the London Timzt will have completed the first century of its ex istence, although it was not until 1788 that the present name was adopted. It is computed that three quarters of a million of people go into Londonby rail erery day to earn their livelihood, and leave it at. night, and yet an accident rarely ocbnrs. The He'ali hears that Mr Halliburton, jnn., Q.C.. of Canada, who writes under the title of “Sim Sliok, jnn.,”a son of the original “ Sam,”- ia about to visit Australia. Ho purposes coming by way of San Francisco, and will leotnro in these colonies in a department of science which he has made' a special study, so that yet another intellectual treat is in store for the literature loving portion of the community. - Thirty members of the Salvation Army have .-been fined £2 each, with costs, for marching through the streets of Kapnnda, in Sonth Aus tralia, without obtaining leave from the corpora tion. An appeal is to be made to, the Supremo Court. ' . SThe Loudoncorrespondent of the S.A. Reaitier qnotea the following from the /forth German. ! Oaaeftr:—“We learn .that in view rftoe endeavours of, the British Colonial authorities to take possession of all territories atilt unoccupied in too Sonth Seas the Imperial Government some time ago took steps in London for the pur pose of assuring German commercial interests in the western portion of the South Seas. We sow hear that a .'friendly exchange ■ of 'ideal on this subject with primary reference to Naw'Qianea, the English' Go. to pl-csTunder British protection ■}*•>• WoUkTaoiit of Now Guinea sad tbs fahutds IjintheJinmodUU neighbourhood of thw ooatt |:A tiutte agreement also may bo hoped for wiuj .raepfcsttoetber points where English and Gat. :bsb interests might dash. - ’ The short and long of this is (says the Tima) that Mr Gladstone Government bad already come to a private agreement with Germany about New Guinea, and that negotiations are now pending between these two parties with respect to other still nn , occupied tracts. The London correspondent also Lsays that New Britain and the surrounding islands may. now be . looked on as practically German. — - ■*. 1 The proceedings at local land boards (says the ITamMasioof 'lndependent} are usually very dreary, but Thnnday’a were enllrened by one or two hucßOrous episodes.— One man waxed very wrath atbeing called a non-resident of a certain locality, . and .he demanded in irate tone* “ Doesn't I live' there fL and wondered at the laughter which followed. Another man said that be did not know which was the eider of two of his children. “Why?” asked'tbe land officer, “ Because they' are twins," and there is only a few minutes between them,” was the triumphant reply. This' applicant. further amused the audience by saying that his wife had another set or two of twins. Another, applicant was cross* examined by a lawyer, with the view'of showing what bad become of a farm, of 200 acres be queathed to him by his father. -After consider* able badgering the applicant .said that the farm was sold. “For whit reasoo I” asked the lawyer. “Oh, yon know, Mr ——said the applicant," “ for yon had a big share of the spoils,” 1 \- Tbs body of a man named Thomas Booth, who hsd been missing for over a month, has been I found in the Darling, -near Corranyalpa. Two stirrppleathers were buckled round the neck with a canvass bag with the head of an axe and a maul ring Inside. The deceased, who is sup posed to have committed suicide, is reported to have been the son’of a London clergyman. The Premier’of Tasmania has informed Mr Service that be will, at the earliest .opportunity bring before his colleagues the proposition that there should be a conference between members of their respective Cabinets on the subject of reciprocity of trade between Tasmania and Victoria. : The application to have the Bnzolich Patent Damp-resisting and Anti-fouling Paint Company wound up his been dismissed with coats. ' " An inqnest was held on Friday last at Murchi son on the body of an illegitimate child of a woman named Ellen Rickards. The jury brought in a verdict that death had resulted from asphyxia, but that there was not sufficient evi dence to prove bow it was caused. \- ' A selector named James Wall, residing about six miles from .Wycheproof, .has committed suicide. The deed was committed by a pocket knife being thrust into the neck near the ear and then drawn round to the front, the head being half severed from the body. A verdict was returned of suicide while temporarily de ranged. The new-Protestant Hail at Benaiia has been opened by the ..Hon. E. Richardson, JLL.A. A banquet was held in faooonr of the occasion. At Port Albert General Sessions on Friday last before Judge Moleswortb, a married woman named Mary Ann Marker, was charged wit£ stealing £lO5 in. notes from . Thomas Dakea, hotelkeeper, atTarram. The money, which bad been concealed by Mrs Dukes for safety in a piece of oilcloth table cover, and tacked under the table .in a belroom. was stolen while the accused was visiting at Port Albert on the 23rd May. She is a niece of Dukes’, and was, accord, ing to the evidence, the only person in the bed room that day except Dukes and his grand daughter. " No money, however, has been found .on the prisoner or at her residence. A verdict of cot guilty was returned.' Constable Moiloy, who was stationed in this district for many years, but who is now located at Geelong, has been promoted to the rank of senior-constable. Though a good duty Senior-constable Moiloy has on many occasions had mere recruits promoted over his head, bat it is said that this is due to the fact that ha did not belong to the clique which alone speedily secures promotion. The Glasgow Christian Leader says of the re vised version of the Old TestamentWe have good reason to behave that it will be of a highly conservative character. The revisers, it ap pears, have been frightened by the outcry against the revisers of the New Testament. It Is possible, however, they way have got too far bn the other side; at all events there is little doubt they will- be exposed to the keen criti« eism of scholars. Wo hear on excellent author ity, though it is hard to credit, that the I famous passage. Job. xuc., 25, 25, “ Fur I know that my Redeemer livath, etc.,” has been left verbatim as at present. An Aye _ cablegram says -that as the result of the interview which the Agents-General recently had with the Eirl of Derby, his lordship has now promised to renew his protest to the french Government with regard to the E&idrriste; Bill. . The gasworks at Queenscliff are fast approach ing completion. The company has issued a circular annonnciog that they will supply gas at the latter end of December. The old bridge over the creek at Lexton, which has done duty for nearly a quarter of a century, is being taken down, and a new one is in. course of erection. A special meeting of the members of the Sta* well Rifle Club . has been held, at which it was unanimously resolved to procure Martini rifles for all the members of the ciub. It was also announced. that the Rev. P. O’Hate had pro- I miaed a rifle for competitions i A telegram published in the Age says that it I was reported to the police at Tarnagulla on Fri -1 day that a woman was lying murdered in a pad dock near Janevaie. Constable Considine left for the scene of the murder, and on arriving found a woman lying on her back, near a tree, io Malode’s paddock, covered with blood, and her skull presented the appearance of having been fractured by kicks. A man was present, who gave his name as James iTKenni. He stated that the deceased was, his wife, and that they had come from Ballarat a fortnight ago. His clothes are covered with blood, and he stotes .the deceased was murdered on the road,'sod I that ha removed the body into the paddock. Ha subsequently stated, that the woman was not bis wife, and that her name was Margaret Walsh. M'Henna was afterwards arre-ted by Constable Considine and lodged in Tarnagulla lockup, charged with, wilful murder. The body is lying at Malone’s hotel, awaiting an inqueet. An insect of a bluish-green colour, much resembling a beetle, is ' creating great havoc among the fruit trees in the Ballarine district The Geelong Advertiser says that it has appeared in myriads, and attacks every fruit tree except the mulberry and fig. The inseots not only eat 'the green leaves up to the fibres, but consume the green fruit bare on to the stone. The plague is described as a serious one. An inquest was held at Eohnea on Saturday morning on the body of Michael Walsh, killed on the previous day by being pushed over a rail opposite the Crown hotel by Jobn Rogers, who appeared in custody. The evidence showed that the men had been drinking, and hud a quarrel, during which deceased dared Rogers to put into execution his threat to throw him over the rail he was leaning against. Rogers gave Walsh s slight push, and he fell over, sustaining injuries from which he died shortly after. The medical evidence' showed that death was caused by frac ture of the spina ia two places. The jury re i turned; a verdict that deceased came by bia death by being pushed over a wooden rail or bar, at the Crown hotel, by John Rogers. Pri soner was committed for trial for m-mslaughter. Bail,was granted in one surety of £lOO or two el £5O. The deceased (says the Herald) was sn old mao, a shearer,' and prisoner is a youog ntan, whose friends are said to be in a good position, and reside in the Western district. It ia now understood (says the Herald) that there shall be .no formal recaption of the Bev. Charles Strong. When the Ganges arrives at Williamstowo, he will be met by several of the leading members of the Scots’ Church congrega tion, one of whom will take him to his private residence, and on .Monday foreuoon he will con sult with his solicitor as to any steps be may take for the future. There are also on board the Ganges Mr H. J. Lsngdon, M.UA., Dr GilbW; the Rev. J. Megaw, and Spoffortb, the “demoa bowler.” The Age says that Drs Warren and Robertson havehsd an interview with the Railway Com tnissioners in regard to the St. John’s lance Association, which has been established in connection with the Victorian Railways-. The medical gentlemen, to whom every credit isdnn lor the excellent lectures delivered by them to the employit, informed the commissioners tha* the result of the examinations had been eminently satisfactory.. They desired, Howevoiv that the lectures and examination- should t? extended to the whole of- the employes » ™ railway service. Several- other matters ot®- 1 nected with the. association were discussed. W commissioners expressed their obligations toll Warren and Robertson for the kind atfrntw they had bestowed on the association, audetst®* that they would take steps to have the sugg* 5 * | lions of those gentlemen carried into efibot. . l" Several young ladiee were among the aPPjj, cants for the Lake Cartoorronge frontages the Land Board on Thursday, but unibrtunat J ! for the reputation lor gallantry of the leu Department officials only one was granted wish. The demoiselles in all instances * , good looking (says the W.irrwoisJool , ... and were freely “ backed to win” on tb at . count, even by some of their opponents. “5 s .". ’ as personified by Messrs Blundell had, however, no eyes for beauty, and the competitors, with the one axception were unplaced,.,c - . The burial ground of the late Re. Dean Back- haus in Sandhurst has been enclosed at the back and two sides by a high brick wall, and front facing the church by a massive bin . plinth course of finely rubbed Malms™ 1 '?. (tone set on a granite snb : base. nicely onarn and set on a concrete foundation. The corner and gate-piers are of Malmsbury bluestone, and stand 7 feet high; with nicely finished caps of the same material. The plinth course has a neat and handsome palisading, painted bronze green, picked out with gold. The pathway from the gate to the tomb has been laid with blue- *?* f mvitia. similar to the pathway, anoToring •?"?«?! "Mi«a Halfpenny (says* Hie'.Bm3ipa' ordereS to wV? wS r,-ViHalfoenny was-the recipient ol about ?I5 000 under the late Dean’s will. *n’ WB Richardson estimates that ’ the uni" maeiics of total abstinence, over .a pop* y 6 ,?* 35 000,000 would be. equal to a Baring if b {°he lives of upwards of' 200,000 persons an nUa'writer in the Dublin F'eemqtCt Jourral saya • Drink lies at the foundation of all diir na- TTJi tnisfor'iinsß and misery. Ireland sober miT fl late Countess rof ; Bose .bequeathed to the University of. Berlin, for the be-, ne« of poor student* jn medicine.. ■. v- ;i in exciting scene .occurred in the Roman Church at lithgow. on, Friday morning V„. a telegram in Saturday might’s Hvald). A man supposed to be of unsound ‘ mind entered ttWcWrch during mass; 'took off bis coat, and offered to fiaht the priest. , His; friends'believe mi sd has become unhinged through recent land speculations. - The Rev. George Sturrook,. late of Corsook, Dumfriesshire, Scotland, lectures' to-night on Reminiscences of my home parish and its sur roundings,” in the Ebenezer Presbyterian Cb Tendirs for the masonry of the Eureka Stockade memorial are invited elsewhere. The adjourned annual meeting of the Ballarat cHre Council trill be held in the • Shire Hall. Yarmouth, on Monday, Bth proximo, at 12 o’clock noon. - „ The letter signed “ Silver Com’ can only ap pear as an advertisement. : . are invited by the City Council for the cleansing of the streets for,, the queuing, 12 *The R«v. J. W. Inglis will lecture tbia evening in All Saints’ eohoolroom on President Garfield. A lecture entitled “ A nicht wi’ Burns” will be delivered in the Mechanics’ Institute on Fri day by the Rev. J. jW. Inglis, in aid of the Burns memorial statue. The .lecture will be in terspersed with appropriate songs by favourite singers- ' " " ■ 