WINNIE, THE WAIF; OR, THIS FORTUNES OF A CASTAWAY. By WM. C. HONEYMAN, Author of "For Fame," " Under the Lamps," "Little Nell," &c.; Chapter XV.—Out is the Streets—A SXilAXliE MbKXIXG—X'OXY SlCBUS &AIC3S; A I'lSUUVSJiY. ( C's-nlinnsd.) .So Tony crept cioaer to the unconscious | girl till he steed leaning against the street lamp, -which was expending most yt "us light on her sweet ami innocent iV;e, I staring intently into her i'er,tares, ?;5uil trying | in vein to decide where ho h-v.l c.?en S face, not nearly so beautiful, yet slightly re I senihling that .before him. The cast of" the [ features was decidedly familial' to him— the ! beauty alone was strange. While Tony war ! thus ciosely inspecting and wondering, another man had drawn, near for a simiUr purpose, till he stood at the kerb of. the pave meat close to the housebreaker. Tnis was a dark-faced, gentlemanly-looking arranger, with a quick pair of eyes, a carefully trimmed moustache, and that travelled and wide-aweka look which marks o-I at a glance the profes sional musician from the independent gentle* man. This man had been drawn forward by the strains of the violin, and then attracted and interested by the style oi Winnie's play ing. the tone sho produced, and the music she played. His keen eye3 followed the motions of her lingers and arms long before it reached or rested on her face. Others around hini locked delighted or astonished — this man's face was as stolid, yet not I? is expres sive, than that of the Memnon of Egypt, Whin his eyes had followed her fingers for seme time and he had swiftly summed up the total of her powers of execution, they travel led to her face and rested there somewhat sadly for many minutes. "How, isn't this a cruel and crying shame 1" was his mental remark, " to ac-nd out- a child like that on to the sireets. The poor thing was born to be a great player—Ihere 13 grace and fiexibilify in every motion sho m Vices — she hrs been created for the instrument with a finely strung ear and a soul so full of tenderness that the light of it seems to 3tream from her very eyes ; and yet she is turned out by seme ignorant brute of a father or mother to hawk her talents through the streets and be spoiled and crippled for life. It's enough to make one swear." At that moment Joe T.ip3oa, ia taking some money offered by a bystander, cvuirht sight of the lowering face of Tony S lifers close to_ the lamppost, and indicate! ""the recognition by a slight lowering of the left eyelid. A motion of Tony's head drew him . closer. "Who is she? and how did you pick her up?" enquired Tony in a low tono, which nevertheless reached the ciuick ears of the stranger at his side, Joe's eyes twinkled merrily, and fchon he grinned and wicked with a look of experi enced knowingnc-ss which at once damped any hopes which might have risen in Sigers' breast. t " That's my secret," answered the shoe black, and in a moment he was gone from the side of his old trainer. , "Sharp, by Jove, curse him!'' w33 Sigers' inward comment, " There is a secret about her, then? Secrets always mean money to thorn as can use 'era right, I like secrets, 'speeialiywhen I'm hard up. I'll get at the bottom of this one, or my name ain't Tony." Fortune sometimes favors the brave, and the want of a certain kind of brute courage was c&rtaizdy; not one of Tony's failings. Even while he made the dogged resolve there wa3 a rattling of wheels and clattering of horses' hocf3 on the causeway, and half of the crowd were forced aside to make way for the stylish carriage and pair of a fashion able doctor, who apparently intended feo visit some one near that spot, as the carriage had 110 sooner got within the circle than it drew up and the door was openi 3. A dark-haired man '.villi a pale face and downcast eyes stepped from the carriage in the orthodox black clothes and snowy-whits necktie of a medical man. The doctor was evidently angry, for he scolded his coachman loudly for setting hitn down almost in the middle of the street instead of close to the kerbstone, and the tones oi that voice were instantly caught and recognised by Tony Sigers. " That's I)r. Allison," was Sigers' quick thought j ''I"wonder if he would be good far a little more bleeding ? I haven't tried hiui for a long while." With this thought in his mind Sigers watched the doctor keenly as he crossed the open space. Winnie's eyes went in. the 33ms .direction, and as chance would have it, Dr. Allison, in an unguarded moment of curiosity . raised his eyes and caught sight of her well* remembered features. The effect of that un expected meeting was as startling as if Winnie • had been buried with the doctor's own ha ad 3 ,ond had now stepped bodily from the grave. :Ee started back paralysed and horror stricken, with his face a triiio .paler and his hards raised, his eyes chained in a spsc:e3 of fascination to those of the fair child, and his feet apparently rooted to the spot. A whis pered ejaculation escaped Lis lip?, and though it never became a sound the watchful and astonished Tony Sigers read the words oil the ashy moving lips as plainly as if they had been shoutea in his est— "My Gcd ! that girl here !' It seemed to Sigers for a moment that Dr. Allison was about to drop in a faint on the ground, but in another instant, with an apparent tfic-rfc of strong will, the doctor had recovered himself, stepped hurriedly through the ring, and disappeared into one of taa housc-s close by. But the mischief was don?, though he knew it not. Sigevs had seen every play of those of eagerness seldom felt by his alu^g'sh and careless mind. " Ho stared at her like sho was somebody's ghost stepped from the grave. Waat a face he put on! My! I'm bad enough, but it strikes mc he's a deal worse. I wonder if there's murder on his mind. Who is this girl, and what is sho feo him? Hs knowed her the minute he set eyes on her face. And he's afraid on her. One look of her innocent mx iiiJiJhLU iilli * U.L1U l'!!:a TlicitUl illlH £0? ltf» Maybe she's his own child—no saying—a man like him must havo as many blacx cesreta oa his mind d he has grey hairs in his head, He was awful scared when ho clapped eye3 on her. Good! he'll maybe want her out of— quieily put out of the way. I thick I'll wait nil he comes out and have a talk with hint. He den's like to be seen speaking to the liko 0' me, but I csn't help it. Busir.tai afore | pleasure has al'ys been my motto." Chattes XVI,—A Hew Lnrs O.peeked XO WlI-TEia—TOJSY SIGEK3 A1XD DP.. AllISOPT. While Sigers was thus muttering his re solves, the strange gentle man with the mo-cAn-liko cast of countenance approached the waifs during an interval in their music, end placed r« shilling in Winnie's hand. " Ob, uuink j ou, sir. You ave very kind," was Wiiit-io joyful response, and the tone in which it was spoken, with the artless simplicity of her bright gbmce, were 30 different fi cm v.-hat he had expected that the gentleman pause d tossy more. J03 Taps oa. vhohrct stalled off feo take some proffered coin, noted with his quick eye the action, and was back at Winnie's 3ide in a moment fee guard, counsel, and direct ar became a watch ful ana affectionate brother, . . little old woreao, so perhaps that will count for more," said Winnie frankly, " Oh, indeed?' said the gentleman,, smiling at the odd remark. "Might I ask your nrnie?" '• Ob, yes ; Winnie Markle," answered tha young player, before sho could obey the warn ing much of Joe upon her arm, " Well, I play the violin mysolf. I used to make,my living by if, indeed, and am c-n side-red a very decent player. Perhs.pi you've heard my true—Sam H.elden ? I am not ex« cstedly ?*i'that lino now, fcr.I am pr.rfc pro prietor of Muller's panorama, " Two Hours upon the Continent," now in t'ac Waterloo Boom?. I think I could give you an engage ment if your father would bo willing. We could do you up in an Italian dreis, and bring you on in th8 Bay of Naples scene to plsy a sole or two. I believe it would take, aud you seem to know something of Italian music. I could give you a pound a week and travelling expenses, which would be better than playing on the street," "Apound a week?'' said Winnie to Joe, " Is that a lot of money ?' " Ob, pretty fair as to that," answered Joe coldly, "but then you'd have to travel and you'cl to away from me. I couldn't stand tba'dycu know." "You're bev brother I suppose," said Mr. Holden, with interest. " Hot exactly, but I've got to look after her and protect her," said Jce sturdily. " That's right," laid Mr. Hoiden heartily. " Ob, well, I ca"e::ay we might fiad tome thiug for you to do as well—programmes to cell, cbfeking, andhelping the men behind with the moonlights and the eruption of Vesuvius." " Ob, will you, sir?" cried Joe, as eager as before he had been cold. "I'd be willing to take a very small wage to begin, 'and I'd work my very hardest to bo near Win nie." " Ah, bat what would Mr. E lb urn 53y observed,Winnie, thinking of the antiquary ^jj^fiffiffipgrgBagEgggsasaggacgasaMgraKssfflsoraggg: for the first time. "He could not give me any more lessons, and he's so fond of me that he might not like me to go away." "Your teaching would go on as usual under me," said Mr. Holden promptly. " There is nothing in your playing but pro mise and a certain degree of purity. It'll be very different in a year or two, when you get a good grip of the instrument, especially if you are under my care. There may be a great future before you, but playing on the street you will never come to anything. You'll be but a scraper all your days." "She isn't a street player," said Joo, rather hotly; " she never was on the street before." " I almost thought so," said Mr. Holden ;. "and what induced you to make the descent. Don't tell me, pray, unless you please," ho hurriedly added, as the waifs looked at each other and flushed uneasily. " Her folks are in a fix for money, and I advised her to it," said Joe at last. " If any body's to blame in the matter it's me. I'm a shoeblack, sir, and I've been on the street all my life ; so it doesn't seem bad at all to me. I think it a very good thing, for we've go more than I expected." "In a fix for money ? Oh, now, I begin to understand," said Mr. Holden. "I've no doubt that I can make that'all right for them. Will you give me your address, and take home word to your father that I shall call upon him to- morrow to talk matters over ?" Winnie looked at Joe, and he nodded in decided approval, so the address was given, and carefully written down by Mr. Holden in his pocket-book. While it was being given and taken down Joe felt a strong and some what whisky-flavored breath close to his ear, and starting round was disagreeably surprised to find ToDy Sigers beside him listening coolly to all that was said. Joe gav3 his old trainer a scowl of aneer and rebuke which had no mere effect than a blow of his fist would have bad on one of the pyramids of Egypt. Joe waited only till Mr, Holden had bid them good-bye, and then turned hotly on Sigers. "Well, that's mean," he scathingly ob served to his old trainer. " Youve been listening?" " Certainly," said Sigers, without taking his bands from his pockets. "Yyhat for?" demanded Joe, looking as if be could have throttled the burly house breaker. " Oh, nothing—just in ease the information might turn out useful. You're a nice young cock :pnrrow to flap your wings and show your beak at me. W ny, I could knock you over by only whistling at ye." " I'm getting bigger and stronger every day," said Joe, passionately, I'll be a match for you some day ; so take care. If you try to interfere with her or do her a wrong, lock out for me ! Big or little I'd have a go at you!" Sigers chuckled hoarsely and derisively. " Humph! the little wasp, to turn round and offer to stingit's own benefactor !" he said busy getting hi3 pipe lighted, "Joe, Joe! You're awful ungrateful. You know that my principles is to look after myself afora every one; I tcld ye I wanted to know something about the girl—my ear's that fine for music, ye see, that I wss quite captivated," he added with another coarse chuckle, at the same time Wowing clouds of tobacco smoke right into Winnie's face. "I'm no worse than the panorama gent, therethat talked so sweet and persursivo. I only want to earn an honest penny. Don't it touch your feelin's to know that you're standin' there with your pockets quite weighed down with tin and me here without a penny ?" " Look after yourself as much as you like," retorted Joe, " so long as you don't look after us. I'll give you a bob out of my own pocket," he added, softening a little and feeling for the money, "if you're really on the rocks; and ycu may follow me and torment me as much bs you like if it dees you any good, but she's very different, and I won,t have her interfered with. Mind I've told you!" " Oh, keep your money, lad," said Sigers, puchingback the proffered coin; " I was only chaffing. There's them not far off who will put down pounds to me for every shilling you could give if I only work 'ern right. Of course 111 have to work for the money," ho added, with a r.-flective glance at Winnie's sweet feature-?, " and the work may be unpleasant, but that's only what folks must expect. I see you're both in a hurry to get away, so I'll say good night. I'd go with you a bit of the way. only I'm waiting for a friend that I svauldn't miss seeing for the world." 17c be continued.} 