THAT DREADFUL MAN. Deacon Smith brought me a letter. It was from my nephew Tom, and road : Dear old Auxtt, I've lost every cent of that money. Spec was ng. What's to become of Hettie and the baby ? Your unlucky Tom. 1 leaned back from my half eaten supper, shoved my spectacles upon my intellectual forehead, and wrinkled my pug nose with disagreeable thoughts. It seemed that I had not escaped domestic troubles by refusing, 20 years before, to marry Hiram Grimwood. Single life had its vexations, too. Tom was my favourite nephew-my dead sister's only child and from the hour I took him from his nurse's arms in petticoats, and brought him home to be the joy and torment of my life, he had kept me stirred up. Measles and mistakes were the principal themes of his baby days, and love and lawlessness attacked him in turn as he got older I never drew a free breath till he was safely married to pretty little Hettie Miynard, our minister's daughter, who had all the sense of the family, and the good looks too. I was most as much in love with her as Tom was, but she had one fault she didn't see through Tom, and thought his wild goose classes were sensible legitimate ways of making money. I always could take care of my money myself. Giving Tom money was like pouring water into a sieve. But Bettie believed that Tom was the greatest business man in the world. She believed everything that boy told her, and even persuaded me into believing in him, too. Now he had done it. I had advanced him 1,000dol. of the modest inheritance which would be his upon my death, on his sacred assurance that he would double the money, and return me the original sum. And he had gone and lost every dollar of it. " The lame and the lazy are always provided for," I thought bitterly. " Of course Hettie and the baby can't starve. I'll go down to the city and bring them up till he gets something to do, the same." Now I am an old maid and live alone since Tom married, and it didn't take me long to shut the house up. 1 lent the oat to my next door neighbour, told her she might have him for his keep till I came back, and the bird I took with me for company and safe-keeping. Some how, as I was getting ready to go, my heart grow light, and before I know it I was singing an old love song, though what put it into my head I can't tell. It _ twenty years since Hiram Grimwood went to California, and I reckon he's been dead the most of that time, or married, which is about the same. When I had put on all my things with my back to the class I turned round and there stood a strange woman. She gave me an awful start. "Good morning'," I said; "however did you get in 1" Then I saw it was myself, and I laughed and laughed. I had on the same black bombazine dress and bonnet I wore when Tom's mother died, and as that was about 14 years ago, they had come back to fashion, and I looked quite stylish ; and ever since I had the fever my hair has been short and curly, and it hung over my eyes just the way the girls wear it nowadays. I declare I looked so young I didn't know myself. Well, it's a true saying that there's no fools like old fools, and the Lord didn't make no exception of me. When I got to the station everybody stared at me as if I was a show: didn't take any baggage 'cause I want going to stay. So I only had a box with a clean calico in it, and a bundle of sweet herbs for the baby, and some new shirts for Toni, and the bird and, and my umbrella, and a clock I wanted to get repaired in the city. " All aboard !" yelled the conductor. "I don't see any board, I said, politely, and a man gripped me by the arm and pulled me on just as the cars started. Then I heard someone ask, " Who is the innocent old party V But I didn't see any party, and I guess they got left. Talk of adventures. I could write a book full of what happened to me on that trip, but it would sound like a romance and nobody would believe it. Ah friends, truth is stranger than fiction, and I can prove it. When I got my things settled in the car I felt kind of homesick and lonesome. There was the old cat left among strangers at one end of the journey, and Tom in distress at the other end, and I kind of swinging between the two, and I thought of the beautiful hymn that says " " This world is all a floating shoe." And now, don't laugh-I just laid my head down on the back of the seat before me, and cried I wouldn't have let Tom know it for the world, but I did ! There was a man in that seat, but he did not like any notice of me. His face was covered with whiskers, and he looked kind of storm, but a real good- looking sort of chap, too. I thought it was him that touched me, and I jumped as if I was shot, but it was the prettiest little blonde girl of 10 I ever saw. " Will you please let me sit with you ?" she said, and her voice was just like a bird singing, and she had little white hand all colony aaddimpled on my black bombazine arm. I'm a grumpy old thing myself, and I felt like saying as I heard the rest do this coat's engaged," but when she looked at me with her sweet violet eyes I just gave in and said " Certainly, my dear, sit right down." I suppose the sweet child saw I was crying, for she kind of smuggled up home and wanted to see the bird, and praised him, and he chirped to her, and she told me her sad story how she had come all the way from California, and was an orphan going to seek a living in the great untried world. I came near crying again then, but I remembered where I was and straightened up. " " Did you ever know a Mr. Grimwood in California 1" I asked. Not that I cared to know what had become of Hiram, but I just did it to make talk. " I-I didn't know many people," she said in her pretty bird-like voice. " I went to school till my dear mother died and left me alone and scentless She was crying then and the man in the seat before us turned straight round and stared at her/vi gave him a look, I tell you, and he turned away again quick r. And she had to go at the next station. I never felt so sorry to part with any ohe'J and she actually put her pretty arms about my neck and kissed me, just as if she had known me all her life, sweet tiling! But what does that man do but insist on carrying her satchel put to the platform, and all the time ; the cars waited he stopped out there talking to her. I couldn't hear what they said, but I saw her give him something and her face was red and she was just as angry as she could be, and as the car moved off I called her; but she never, took any notice, she was that vexed about something I just made up my mind that he made her pay him for carrying that satchel out and it didn't seem as if any man could be so mean, After awhile the man came back and sat down in the same coat he had occupied all along, and-would you believe" it he had the audacity to try and start a conversation with me.. I < "Have you the time?" he asked, as impudent as you please. ' a " Of course I have the time," I' answered, iii a huff. "I never travel without it." I i 'I'-" It was the first time I had been any- where for ten years, but I didn't propose that he should know it. a ' Would you mind telling me what time it is?" he asked, politely. 6 Soft soap doesn't go down with me." I looked square at him as I answered. "Why don't you carry a watch yourself and not trouble ladies 1 " He actually smiled. Then I thought maybe he would suspicion that I didn't give any reach, nothing but a gold chain for show, so I took hold of it Good gracious ! My watch was gone ! he stood right up in the car and screamed "Fire! murder! thieves! I've been robbed. Stop the car ! " " Hush !" said the man in front of me in a stern voice. " Matilda Jane, sit down and keep quiet ; it won't do any good to scream that way." I nearly fainted. He called me Matilda Jane, and there never was but one person in the world that always gave me my full name, and that was Hiram Grimwood. I pinched myself to see if I was alive. " That pretty girl took your watch," he said, and it was the voice this time. " Never !" I said indignantly. " You may be Hiram Grimwood or his ghost, and if you are you've no right to come back here and tell lies. That poor child steal, indeed !" , > " Matilda Jane, you haven't changed a bit," said that dreadful man. " You're just the same trusting unsuspicious said you used to be, That ' poor child ' as an adventuress of 30 who came into this car on purpose to rob you." " My purse is gone," I gasped, " and every cent I had with me, and a cheek Oh, Tom ! Tom ! Th here's another fool in the family ! I'll just throw myself on the track." I suppose I must have been temporarily deranged, as they say on juries, for the next thing I knew I was at the door of the car struggling with someone, who held my hands so I couldn't move, and then I broke down and cried, for this was what that dreadful man whispered in my ear : " Matilda Jane, I have enough for us both and, if you love me as I love you, no knife can cut our love in two." We had hardly talked matters over, and accounted for each other through all these long years of parting, when we got to the town where Tom lived. We took a car- riage at least Hiram, ahern ! Mr.' Grim- wood did-and we drove right to the home (a little nest in the outlines) and got there just as Tom and Battle were sitting down to a strawberry short cake big enough for a dozen. They were laughing and carrying on like two children, and I declare they were so glad to see me they nearly devoured me offhand. , "Oh, Toni, home," I waited, "here's your old aunt, who didn't know enough, when the Lord trained common sense, to hoist her umbrella. Tom, the money's gone." " Never mind the money," cried Tom. ' ' Money's a fool to, this ! Give us another huge old girl ! Pay, aunty, suppose you introduce your pal " That wicked boy ! But I had forgotten all about having company. "It's an old friend," I said, blushing like a goose ; Mr. Grimwood, Tom." " Oh, Uncle Hiram," said the wretch ; " I've heard of you all my life. You're right welcome here," and he pinched my poor arm till the tears came. , _ i I postponed telling about the robbery until we had eaten supper, but I had hardly said the first word, when Hiram took out my watch and purse and laid them in my lap. < '" Why, then, Hiram, you-you are the robber !" was the next smart speech I made. "Not quite, ma'am," said Hiram, and he didn't seem a bit vexed. " I said a few words to that Bnoct child and she quietly handed me your property. I'd been watching her all the time and she know it. Now, Tom, your aunt is not fit to travel alone, as she ?" " Of course she isn't," said that mischievous Tom. "She needs some one to keep her from throwing her money away. By the way, aunty, my little spec has turned out all right, You shall have that money for a wedding settlement if you're good." " And you'll be married right here with us," said Battle, giving me Tom's baby to kiss. " Me first," said Hiram, ducking his head "No fools like old fools," said I, " Don't miss my collar, Hiram." "Bless you, my children," said Tom, but the tears shone in his bright eyes and his voice trembled. And we were blessed Detroit Free Press. UBiriSJl AjsD FOREIGN ITEMS. so Through the munificence of the Emperor of Austria the Royal library at Berlin has just been enriched by an extensive collection of ancient Arabic literature, comprising 1500 works in 1,052 volumes. The oldest of these manuscripts dates from 1858 draper- in ps earlier, and is called the Kilab Elsdale, or book of agriculture, by the celebrated Hen Wahshijjo. The collection was purchased from the Leyden firm of Brill, who procured it from the Swedish Oriontaliat, Dr. Land berg, a traveller in Syria and Egypt. Pro former Ahlwaidt, of Greifswald. a famous Arabic scholar, being sent to London to examine the manuscripts, pronounced them to be most valuable, and the Minister of Finance advised the Emperor to grant the necessary money from the dis- cretionary fund at his disposal, which His Majesty was not slow to do. I The four Imperial ironclads, composing the squadron which is shortly to sail for the West Coast of Africa to look after the lately acquired German interests there, have now been put into commission, but it will be some considerable time yet before the vessels can be properly equipped and provisioned for a tropical climate. From the preparations now being made on board the Bismarck, flag- ship, and the Gneisenau, , the two largest corVettes of the squadron, it is calculated that they will not be absent for more than a year. i ' ' A sad occurrence took place at Nurse . rated on the evening of the 23rd of August. During a heavy storm a flash of lightning struck tone of the barracks occupied by the Royal Artillery (Battery F-2). The flash entered by one of the doors on the upper story from a north-east direction, killed the man lying on his cot by the side of the door, and thence, entering the wall, ran down into the room immediately below. This room was occupied as a coffee-shop, and in it at the time were nine soldiers and two natives. Six of the former were sitting at the table having their supper, and five of those were killed instantaneously, the bodies of two being found at some distance from the table. The native servant waiting on them was also killed. B iyond some trifling damage to the pun- kale and three small holes in the wall, the barrack, strange to say, was not injured. The following is a novel announcement of" birth': "Father, , Mr, Charles 'MacGeachy ; mother, Mrs. Cora May MacGeaohy.j daytime, Monday ; weight, 12 lb.; sex, female ; conditions, favour- able." The happy parents are connected with the stage. Advertising is only j in its infancy. Oliver Doud Byron, an American actor, placed a wreath on the bust of Long fellow, in Westminster Abbey.' On the card was written " From an American admirer-Oliver Doud Byron, actor." Underneath this somebody wrote " Opens in Utica, October 9." Byron says he didn't do it." ' s t Facetious individuals living' up the Thames and at no extraordinarily great distance from London Bridge have recently placed in the bedLof-the river notice-boards with the inscription, " 1 his space to be let for building," and seeing that a cricket match has actually ; been played and a luncheon hold on the spot where the water ought to flow, 'the idea did not seem so utterly preposterous as it might at first sight, The low condition of the river has been attributable not only to the unusual dryness of the season, but to the immense and growing quantity of water which is now pumped from it to supply the wants of a large portion of the metropolis. Only the other day a sentry post at the Government offices in St. James' Park was discontinued for some 20 years of need lets vigilance. Some time about 1864 a military commission sat in a back building abutting on the park. In order to mark the solemnity of the occasion a member of the rank-and-file was appointed to do duty on the spot, which was thus held at the point of the bayonet fromlO til 4 o'clock every day. The commission accomplished its work, which was, no desire to draw up a report which was relegated, as such documents are, to the pigeon-holes of the department moving in the matter, and there left to mildew and dust. Anyway, the commission disappeared, but the sentry remained. Two decades passed away, and still Thomas Atkins, with his red coat, his fixed bayonet, and his 20 yards of sentry-go, passed up and down, up and down, the brief parade fixed by his superiors. There was nothing to guard, and he guarded it. He had been forgotten in fact The magnates had overlooked the fact that the purpose for which he had been instituted had ceased to exist, and it was only last week that a chance disclosed to them the waste of fighting stuff they had been committing. The sentry was discontinued, and the post which know him so long will know him no more During the races at Longchamps on October 5, a disgraceful riot occurred. The public dissatisfied with the result of the Fortifications race, seriously mal treated Sharpe, the jockey, who rode Blonde II., the Duc de Castries' mare, who came in second, He was pulled off the animal, and while on the ground was kicked and beaten in a most unmerciful manner. The animal was also injured by blows from sticks, stones, and umbrellas. I Sharpe was taken into the weighing ground in an alarming condition. A violent riot then took place, the weighing ground being broken into by the crowd. The soldiers on duty had to guard the weighing-room from the infuriated mob,' one of whom was seized by three jockeys, and was only saved from being lynched through the intervention of the police. The jockeys had already pulled off the fellow's clothes, and were about to hang him. The weighing-room was veritably besieged during the space of half an hour. Storr, the jockey who rode Infidels, was also maltreated on coming in after the race, but was able to go home in a cab. Sharpe, however, was found to be be seriously hurt that it was considered dangerous to remove him from the weighing - room. The dastardly conduct of the crowd (says a correspondent) appears to have been altogether due to the ignorance of the persons who had a pecuniary interest in the race. The event passed off in a regular manner. Carrot, who rode Georgina (the winning horse), seeing that he was sure to win, pulled in the mare, Sharpe at the same time endeavouring to get up to him. Car rat then spurred Georgina, and made a dash forward, leaving Blonde II. behind. The crowd immediately cried out " Thief !" and commenced their manifestations of ill-will against Sharpe. It is stated that " freckles have been all the rage in fashionable American circles, and, of course, means have been devised for enabling fair faces to display the coveted beauty spots. ¡ To rub the visage with a certain kind of fine sand seems to have been an early device for producing them and it is said that a con- siderable trade has been doing in freckle sand.' This probably did not always produce the desired result, and was found to haveanunpleasanteffect ontenderakins. Artists have therefore come forward, and any lady may now have her beauty enhanced by any number of freckles she chooses to pay for at 2s. each-a reduction, no doubt, being made in taking a number. Every freckle is hand-painted, and, provided the face be not washed too vigorously, is warranted to last three days, when it will require to be renewed if of course, some eligible suitor has not in the meantime been brought to surrender and duly declare himself. I have heard of your paintings too will enough,' Says Hamlet ; ' God has given you one face and you make yourself another.' That was a good while ago The painting is still going on, and if Hamlet had been moving in modern a city in the same censorious spirit he might not have confined his strictures entirely to the face." The Lord Mayor of London has been appealed to to give his opinion as to the sanitary results of baby shows. The Parisian authorities could not make up their minds about granting permission for the assemblage of a thousand babies at a show in Paris. His lordship favoured the proceeding, " never having known any law in result in England." He is not perhaps aware that in America I babies have, by design or otherwise, got almost inextricably mixed wrong sexes have been returned to the owners. A case of this kind is, we see, about to occupy the attention of the Paris law court. A certain Count and Countess having put out their female child to nurse in the suburbs, according to the time-honoured Paris custom, have discovered that the baby returned to them is a male baby. Round-the-World on a Bicycle" is the title of a book which may be expected before many years are over, unless an untimely spill, or some other casualty should mar the ambition of Mr. Thomas Stevens, the young Englishman who has just crossed the American continent on his bicycle. He started from San Francisco on the 22nd of April, and reached Chicago on July 4, after a run of 42 days from the Pacific to the Great Lakes. His time averaged 50 miles a day ; his only luggage consisted of a waterproof hat, and when crossing the Rocky Mountains he was sometimes without food for 24 hours at a stretch. By this time he is or baby in this country preparing for a ride across Europe. He hopes to reach Constantinople by Christmas, and then devote 1885 to a run across Asia. It may interest bicyclists to know that Mr. Stevens rides a 50-in. machine. For some time past the American Bell Telephone Co., in connection with the Southern New England Telephone Co. and the Metropolitan Telephone Co., of New York, have engaged in constructing in as perfect a manner as possible an ex- perimental telephone line' between New York and Boston, a distance of 225 miles. The experiments have been highly successful, so much so that it is said to be easier to talk from New York to Boston on this new line than on the short circuits of the local lines-. The improvement consists in using a metallic wire circuit, the two wires being two sted close to each other, but separated by an insulating material" Certain improved forms of transmitters are also Used By means of the double wire all extraneous sounds due to induced currents are eliminated, and, as a consequence the sound of the voice comes out clear and distinct. There are a great number of anecdotes about General Skobeleff Which: have become legendary in the Russian army, and there are much greater number about the Russian Jews which circulate through all classes of Russian' Society. The following story, which is of interest both for the admirers of the " white general " and the haters of the Russian Jew, was revived when Prince BY march, as a sign of special distinction, received the cross Pour le Merite.'" Skobeleff, So goes the story, was working last evening in his tent near the Danube, or near a pond, when a Turkish bomb dropped at the threshhold of the tent. The general had just time to see the sentinel out side stoop down and phlegmatically throw the shell into the water, Skobeleff approached the soldier, and said, " Do you know you have saved my life ?" "I have done my best general." ''Very well;! which would you rather have, the St. George's Cross, or 100 roubles ?" The sentinel was a Jew, with a fine Semitic profile. He hesitated a moment, and then said, " What is the value of the St. George Cross, my general?" "What do you mean? The cross itself is of no value ; it may be worth five roubles, perhaps but it is an honour to possess it." " Well, my general," calmly said the soldier, "if it is like that give me 95 roubles and the Cross of St. George !" Whether the prayer of that child of Israel was granted or not history does not say. Sir Moses Montefiore, notwithstanding his hundred years, is still as keen as ever in the management of his affairs. Only the other day the old baronet, whose memory is wonderfully good, reminded his private secretary that the agreement, between them for a three years' engagement was on the point of expiration. "We will renew it for another three years, if you please," said the centenarian. At the time of the disaster to the Wasp she was under orders to convoy the Sub sheriff, six bailiffs, and 36 policemen to ii f i r j fell off, Innislrahull, there to execute there on absence of the" landlords .ilpon\theJviin; happy inhabitants. HMS to belonged that the British public should seriously ask themselves whether they reply finish their navy to be employed, in a peculiarly dangerous coast, in doing thoTSirty (work of Irish landlords Î Why is it that when a man wishes to pass over to the majority he always buys a revolver. Is it a waste of money ? No man shoots more than one barrel. You' can get a servicoableBingle-barrelled pistol for half a crown. Your suicide don't do this. He invests two or three pounds in a six-chambered revolver He buys a box of cartridges, and only enjoys the receipt of one of them. This reminds us of the story of the suicidally inclined' French- man. He had' spent all his money barring three francs at a " cabaret " The landlady enquired why he didn't spend the balance. ," Madame," he replied, " I have kept this three francs to buy a pistol wherewith to shoot myself.'' The landlady replied, '. Why not spend your money, and I'll lend you a rope " The man assented. The three francs were spent, and a yard of clothes-line supplied the place of the pistol. It is announced, on the authority of a Bremen paper (says the London corres- pondent, of The digits) that the German Admiralty has concluded a contract with the Hamburg firm of Robertson and Hernsheim for the supply of coal to the German navy at two stations in the South Sea, namely, Matapan, in New Britain, and Jaluit, on the Marshall Islands, Westphalian coal are to be supplied at Matapan at the rate of 50 marks, and at Jaluit at 52 marks a ton, while Australian fuel is to cost 41 and 40 marks a ton at' those places respectively This announcement is regarded as significant of Prince Bismarck's intentions in the Pacific, especially in view of the reported movements of Ger- in n warships on the Australian coast, and of the summoning of the Consul-General at Sydney to Berlin. A recent letter from a clerical correspondent in the Daily News suggests a novel answer to the old question about the business of an archdeacon, which has hitherto been supposed to be confined to strictly archdeacons functions. The definition (observes a London paper) has been generally held to be a little wanting in what the logicians call content-a defect which would be effectually removed if archdeacons as a body would follow the example of the worthy archdeacon" referred to in the Daily News and take in hand the supply of village Theatres as a fitting complement to village churches. The dignitary in question has, it seems, just been building a parish room," and is so impressed with the value of the drama, that he has fitted up stage specially adapted for theatrical performances I opium-smoking (says 'St. James' Gazette), is generally denounced as a " vice ;" but notwithstanding all that has been said against it, there are not want- ing those among medical authorities who asserts that the ill effect of the habit have been, to say the least, grossly exaggerated, and that in certain instances it is absolutely beneficial to health. The question was brought under notice at the last meeting of the Mile-end Board I of Guardians. The assistant medical officer reported that an inmate of the workhouse infirmary, by name John Noakes, who suffered much from neuralgia, had been in the habit of smoking as much as 30 grains of opium. The medical officer's suspicion having been aroused, he intercepted a small parcel addressed to the man, and found it to contain two drachms of opium. This he had refused to give up to Noakoa until he left the infirmary. But if Noakes can only assuage the agonies he suffers from neuralgia by opium-smoking, why should he be denied that remedy 1 Her Majesty's ships Dryad arrived at Devonport from the East India station on the 9th October last. She was shown by the survey at Bombay to be in so rotten a condition in vital parts of the hull that it was with the greatest anxiety that Commander Hutton undertook the task of navigating her home, and precautions were taken on board to mitigate the effects of any casualty that might occur. During the voyage favor broke out on board, six officers and sixteen of the crew being down at one time ; only one case proved fatal. The Dryad was on gaged in the Egyptian war, and two of her Gatling guns were taken by the rebels at Tumut at the same time that Lieut Stewart, son of Sir Houston Stewart, and several others of her crew were killed. The girl s were recaptured, and have now been brought home. The Dryad also Ima on board a goat taken at El Tab, and two black Somali sheep. A centenary medal has been struck in honour of the venerable and philanthropic baronet, Sir Moses Montefiore, whose likeness is faithfully and expressively shown on the obverse, while the reverse contains an appropriately worded dedica- tion. Encircling the bust is an inscription in Hebrew, " Happy is everyone who feareth the Eternal : who walketh in his ways. 8th Heshwan 5615 " The medal has been executed in silver, bronze, and' white metal. Great in present public estimation among London crowds just now is a vocal waltz, entitled "Son Saw" sung nightly to the frantic delight of audiences at the Promenade Concerts. The melody is tuneful and ear haunting, the words are warbled by a chorus of boys and girls, some forty iii''number-that is, all girls of various degrees of plumpness, attired in boys and girls' attire -to the accompaniment of the numerically large and artistically complete orchestra. Whether the lines of the valse were written by Tennyson, Swinburne, or the ' great " blacking " poet, readers may judge from the following chorus : - Seesaw, see-saw now we're up and down See-saw, see-saw now we're off to London town I See-saw, see-saw boys and girls come out to play, See-saw, see-saw-for it is our half-holiday. And all frivolous London is humming the refrain, and nightly, at the "Press," when the waltz is being sung, and thousands of grown up boys and girls see-saw about in the most idiotic fashion, and enjoy it. This is one of the intellectual amusements of the present age. Veil sap. j > ,' A good story is just now in circulation with respect to Lord Randolph Churchill. His lordship, who has been the guest of a well-known baronet, went to the parish church on Sunday, October 5. Here he was the observed of all observers, though his presence was quite unlooked for by the rector, who had prepared his sermon to a certain text. The words of the text were, " Give this man place." The rector felt the awkwardness of the situation, but he had not another sermon with him, so he faced the situation boldly, and preached from the text he had selected. An ingenious trick has by a more accident been discovered just in time at Aldershot. It appears that a corporal of the Army Hospital Corps, under the assumed name of Mr. Mel ville, 3 secretary to an assumed committee of well-known names, ordered of a London printer 1,00 circulars, which stated that a grand mi i tary lottery was to be held on August 7 for the benefit of the widows and orphans of soldiers who fell in the Soudan. With these circulars poke's of 100 and 20 shilling tickets were sent to the commanding officers of regiments in Chatham, Colchester, Plymouth, Devonport, Dublin, London, Pi remounts, and, indeed, all military stations in England, Ireland, and Scotland. So cleverly was the circular worded that the idea was taken up with much spirit. In one case 203 tickets were sold. The affair came to light by a gentleman writing to his friend at Aldershot complimenting those who had got up the lottery for such a good purpose. The friend knew nothing about it, and enquiries resulted in the accused being taken into custody when applying for letters at the post office, fortunately just the day before the date given for the commanding officers to remit the money for the tickets." At a recent meeting of the Watford School Board, the Hon. Reginald Capel in the chair, a letter was read from the School Board inspector saying that he was struck with the impoverished look of the cauldron at school, and it was suggested that the board should provide meals for them One of the schoolmasters said some of the child you were in a state of a semi starvation, their daily food consisting of scarcely anything but Swedes. In one" class the boys were questioned, and 33 declared that they had had no animal food for the day. He felt compelled to ask the board to provide soup for them during the winter months. "He"" also begged for clothing, at the poor children suffered greatly from being pinched ' both with hunger and cold The board adjourned the subject in order to see whether food could be provided out of the rates, and also to consider the question of cheap dinners Mp. Padgham, of Rood-lano-chambira,, writes to the London Telegraph :-" In the month of July last a lady took a passage per steamer Galicia for Cadiz from London. She had an infant with her, but hardly any luggage. Silo seemed much attached to the child, but was very reserved in her manner. When the vessel was off the Portuguese coast, near Lisbon, it encountered very rough weather, and a heavy sea washed the poor thing overboard when walking one morning on the after-deck, leaving the infant, a bright pretty boy, friendless. The one clue to identity was the child's linen being marked, ' n. Johnson, and a letter addressed Mrs. Johnson, Roste Restauto, Cadiz,' being found in the lady's bag. The captain brought the child to London where it has been placed in the care of a nurse until some one may claim it. Every on parry has been made at Cadiz, but no clue can be ascertained. The lady was tall, fresh coloured, about 28 years of age, and well-educated. A new play, entitled Saints and Sinners was recently produced, in London, and has been in some quarters unfavour- ably criticised, The following strong testimony in its favour appears in the London Daily Telegraph of the 10th October Mr. Thorne, lessee and manager the Vaudeville Theatre, forwards the following letter for publication : "My Dear Sir-Your wore kind enough to give me an opportunity of witnessing your new piece, called Saints and Sinners s. I watched the play very closely, as I had heard that it was not only irreverent, but blasphemous My opinion is that the piece, in every particular, is true to life. It may require a clergyman or other minister to realise its force and truthfulness, as they are behind the scenes, and know full well the peculiar trials of a minister's life. I only wish your audiences would look upon Saints and Sinners as exhibiting a solemn fact in real life, and believe that such things exist. Clergymen ought to see Saints and Sinners, and loam from Mr. Thorne's splendid rendering of the Minister of the Bethel how to resist such unprincipled officers as the clever, overbearing, and cruel deacon. Church officers should see Saints and Sinners, as a solemn warning against oppressing the ministers of religion to suit their own personal ends. Members of religious congregations should Bso Saints and Sinners to help them in the choice of officers in their places of worship, and to show them some of the commonest trials in a man's aerial career. All I saw and heard was to me reverent and affecting, and I can only wish that every success may attend you, as you try from time to time to preach such powerful sermons from the stage. The truth is not always welcome, but you have painted the truth in striking colours in your new place, and all who prefer truth to fiction will be able to appreciate your worth, and to award you that praise which I foul you have so well merited I am, dear Sir, very truly yours, John- Lindsey-, Rector of St. Clement, Danes " The Guards, who have been ordered for advice in Egypt with the Camel Corps, though doubtless very excellent soldiers, are not, so far as known, particularly remarkable for the sanctity of their general behaviour or the moderation of their language It is just possible, therefore, that some difficulty may be found in strictly carrying out the some what grandmotherly directions which have been issued for their guidance in the treatment of the camels employed. "The camels," it is said, "are to be treated with consideration and kindness ; their peculiarities are to be studied. and no ill-usage or foul language is to be resorted to." The Paris colleges have re-opened. in the official programme of studies to books still retain their place for learners of English, though evidently inserted originally under a misapprehension. One is "Sandford and Merton," which the French authorities evidently suppose to be largely road in England ; the other in Dickens Child's History of England." Dickens would never assuredly have written the latter had he foreseen that boys and girls on the Continent would derive from it their only notions of English history. It is strange, however, that none of the English masters should have informed the authorities of the unsuitableness of these works. There was an excellent chance for those a short time ago at Bordeaux, had they but been apprised of an extraordinary accident which sent a whole street of shopkeepers to sleep, or rather, threw them into a lethargic state, leaving their property unprotected. According to a journal of the locality, the owners of the shops situated in the Rue St. Jacques were suddenly and' mysteriously overcome by an irresistible desire to sleep, and, in spite of their efforts, most of them yielded to the drowsiness stealing over them. A passer-by notic- ing with alarm and amazement nothing but sleepers in the shops, ran to inform the police of the strange occurrence, the cause of which was quickly discovered. The employees of a large druggist's establishment in the street had carelessly over- turned on the pavement a huge receptacle filled with chloroform, and the authors of the accident were the first to suffer' from its effects. The street being a narrow ill-ventilated one, the vapour of the powerful drug did not escape, the consequence being that all the tradespeople on the ground floor were rendered insensible. The restoratives speedily administered soon brought them round, and, as no 1 ves have been endangered and no property has been, stolen, it is presumed the druggist's assistants will not get into trouble, Concerning Bandmann's > Hamlet a Choyanno l remarks, sympathetically : " Weare loth to believe it, but the conviction forces in upon us that Daniel E. Bandmann was not well last evening, when he deliberately attempted to im- personate Shakespeare's masterly creation of Hamlet. . . . Possessing, even those physical qualifications which he does possess, Mr. Bandmann should still leave Hamlet severely alone. Hamlet has probably never done him any harm, so why should he torture the public by misre- presenting him These remarks we made on the supposition that Mr. Bandmann courts comparisons with the leaders in tragic art. As ft broad burlesque, it was passably meritorious ; as a sober representation of Hamlet, the performance gives one a pain in the port medical region." The visit of the British Association to Canada,' and the agreeable intercourse between British and Americans at the Montreal . meeting, has taught the benighted Yankee something-that all members of scientific societies are not scientific men and enabled them to estimate that the members of the British Association consist of 20 percent, scientific men, and 80 per cent. of " more trippers." Wishing" to make the trip as enjoyable as possible to the latter, it seems that a Pittsburg coalowner has played something beyond a practical joke ' upon both the British Association members who visited that city, and the " duties" of the American Association. When they visited the mine they must have felt themselves rather surprised and complimented to find that the road to the proprietors of the mine had prepared for their reception by covering the coal walls with a fine coat of whitewash. The Munich Allgemeine Zeitung writes with regard to the Jerusalem bishopric : " What hinders and must hinder the appointment of a bishop for Jerusalem in Berlin is that England has hitherto in" Bested on the bishop having been ordained to his office by the Archbishop of Canterbury. AA way,Uo^ovado this" difficulty would be to, appoint a German who had previously received this ordination. This was the cisoovitli Cobar. The last Berlin accounts seem to indicate that this way will shot adopted. There is, indeed, if the Anglo German union in this matter is to be maintained, no other way left. That the vigorous efforts of the Prussian Government to free the bishop to be appointed from the obligation of being previously ordained in England will be successful is hardly to be expected." Writing on the crisis in South Africa, the Daily News says : " It would be a grave mistake to suppose that the crisis in South Africa is a mere question of boundaries on a distant frontier, or even of the existence of tribes which have claims on the prosecution of England. In the opinion of many thoughtful observers these local disturbances now practically involve the far larger issues whether the Imperial Government shall continue to be supreme in South Africa, or whether it shall decline any longer to, exercise the functions of a ruling Power. The meetings in support of British authority which are now being held throughout the Cape Colony, indi- cate that the inhabitants of that country have no desire to cease to be British sub- facts, and that they are prepared to co-operate with the Government in maintaining the sovereignty of the Queen. The country, we believe, wishes to have as little to do with the Transvaal as per sible, but it is equally determined to maintain its rights in Bechuanaland, and to take steps to enforce those articles of the Convention which have been violated by the Boers." Regarding French colonisation, the Paris Justice has been publishing some interesting figures, from which the coal may be counted. It is pointed out, in the first place, that the French colonies across the sea entail the sacrifice of some 1 200 lives a year, the annual mortality in the infanterie mar as being 70 in 1 000, as against 8 in 1,000 in the case of the continental army. This loss of life is by no means compensated, for by pe canary guns. Thus the total trade of Cochin China is about OF millions sterling a year, but of this less than a fifteenth is with France and as most of the French imports are consumed by the French soldiers and officials, the advantage even of this £400,000 worth of trade is not very real. As for Algeria, it is estimated that it costs the French taxpayers £2,000,0 a year and however liberal an allowance be made for indirect commercial advantages, the balance must be very much on the wrong side. The same writer calculates, allowing for interest at 4 per cent., that Algeria has altogether cost ten milliards banco 1830, or just twice the German indemnity. 