THE SUPERNATURAL EXPERIENCES OF PATSY CONC. It was a clear sinning dfty in April wo were on a small blue lnko set far away anions the sterile brown moors of Conneinar.-v ; nnd tho long salmon rod lay over tho gunwale of tho boat, idly trailing behind it forty yards of lino and a phantom minnow. Indeed the day was mucli too lino for proper fishing ; one might as woll have thrown a fly over the wood pavement in Pail Mall ; it was a day r&tlicrfor; laziness and conversation, and an inquiry into tho mysteries of existence, if haply one or other of my companions had chanced to cu counter any of these, in this remote and soli tary and silent part of the country. But Patsy did not 4ook like a bolievor, somehow. He was a small, red headed Colt, with shrewd twiukliug, grey-blue eyes ; and there was frequently a sort of quiet, sardonic humor running through his speech, accompanied now and again by a good iiatared grin that over spread the little, pinched, sunburnt face. Moreovor, Tatay had seen tho world, In former years ho had tried his luck in America had been employed on tho Union Paci&o; railway as far west as Council Bluffs ; had had a turn at tho Pittsburg irou works ; and was now returniug to his native district with a wide and genoral knowledge of mankind, On the other hand, his neighbor at tho bow — Tim Muloahy by name— was nothing but & ghost and an echo. Ho was a small farmer who camo down from his croft in tho hills to eko out his living in this way— a characterless, white faced, depressed looking, amiablo creature, who stared at his boots, lazily pulled at his oar, and limited his con versation to saying ditto to Pasty. " That's so, Patsy." "Your right, Patsy'1 "Hot wan less than fourteen salmon did he catoh that day." "Your father was a good man, Patsy ; lie wouldn't tell a lie for hardly any thing." "That'B true for you, Patsy; tho liko of thirn for minnows I never saw." Now at the head of this small lake that we were slowly and Idly rowing round and round stood a long, low cottage situated in the middle of a patch of trees — lilac-tinted leafless birches and sparkling dark green hollies. Iu summer no doubt this must be a very charm ing place ; ovon now tho situation was picturesque enough — tho still waters of tlio lako in front ; tho trees along tho curving alioro ; and than rising far behind iuto tho palo blue sky tho vast and lonely and arid mountains 'known as the Twelve Pins of Binaboln. This prettily sltuatod cottage, however, was unmistakably empty. Tho windows woro barred up ; thcro was a look of desolation around ; not a sound of any kind came from that scattered grove of birch and holly. "The very place to be haunted by ft lepreohaun, isn't it, Patsy ?" ' Is it Barney Joyce your honor manes ?H says tho iustantly loquacious Patsy ; " the man that comos to look after the houso ? Well, now, your honor wouldn't beliovo what a great soldier that Barney is— oh, ho is the mighty fino soldier, by the fire , Suro the battles he'll tight ; and the campaigns, and tho atratagims ; and the ginerala, and the maroh- inga, and tho cou uter-marchings 1 I niver heard his nqual ; and tho dtvil a foot has he iver stirred out of Connatuara 1" " But when the house is empty, Patsy, isn't there a ghoBt or & goblin somewhere about ?" " Well, indeed, tho fairies used to coino tbore," says Patsy, with indifference. "Thoy used to say that. But thirn ould stories are all nonRiose." " They're all nonsinse, Patsy, thirn ould stories," says Echo at the bow. " Bid you ever happen to hear what thoy called the kiug of the fairies ?" I ask — curious to know whether tho Bon Fieraa of the Blnckwater and the south reigned also in thcBe western wilds. But Patsy was puzzled. Then he turned to Tim Mulcahy, and there was a long con sultation in Irish, in the course of which a phrase sounding like Piobar&Shec; was twice repeated. " Had they a fairy.piper, then, Patsy ?" . " Begob," says Patsy, eagerly, "that was him. The Fairy Piper was the King of thirn ; and many a one has heard him playing in that very house there. I maue that was the ould story, sorr, but sure 'tis all nonsinse." And now en-suod a long and rambling general conversation, whioli need not be set down here, on the subject of fairies, phantoms, leprechauns, and similar kittle cattlo ; throughout which Patsy - was evidently anxious to show that ho had discarded all such superstitious. Was it for one who lived in an ago of reason — who had worked on tho Uniou Pacific — to heed such folly? Nevertheless, Patsy was frankly disposed to admit that strange things might liaro happened — probably did happen— in former times. " There was a power of witchery in this couutry in tho ould days," said Patsy, gravely shaking his head ; "yis, sorr, theie was ft power of witchery in this country in tho ould days ; but 'tis all gone away. Sure the people are turnoJ moro cunning now." And then he added, inoro gloomily— " But maybe there's more going on than we know," By this tirno it had become pretty obvionfl that Patsy's oagorncaa to disclaim all beliof iu ghosts and witohery and tho like was assumed, partly, no doubt, in prudent deference to the general opinion of a sci< ntifio and sceptical age, but partly, perhaps, bocmiso a man who had been to Pittsburg felt bound to pose before a poor creature like Tioi Mulcahy, who had never left his native moun tains, Aud bo, to find out whether PatBy might not have some reciprocal confidences to voluuteer, I told him my own ghoBt story, which isn't much of a ghost . story after all That a lad of thirteen or fourteeu should look in at tho open door of a diniugroom, and bohold fhero a woman seated .before tbe firo ; that lie should carefully regard her shawl aud hat, and gown, Wondorlng who she oould bo ; that he should, forthwith go and ask the other people in the house, and bring them to tho door of tho room, only to discover tlint tho chair was vacant, and that by no possibility could any otrangcr have bcon there and left ; and then to find that this portent was followod by no oalamity whatever— neither a fimoral nor a wedding nor anything— this, it must be confessed, was a poor and ivealc ghost etory, which I should bo ashamed to say a word about to tho l'aychical Society. But it dcoply in terested Tatsy ; and ho was onger to know whether it wub a real ghost j and when I answeiod that of course it was only an optical illusion, ho remained silent for a time, and then repeated his wise aphorism — "Maybe there's moro going on than ,wo know." ... . , Again Patsy was silent for a timoj and then, rather with tho air of a man who is compelled to confess so'mothing against his pill, he said — " Well, sorr, now that wo'ro on it, I will tell you what happened to mo ; but I don't like spaking of It— the lcs3 that'B said the bettor — but I will toll you what happened to mo, sorr ; and it's manny tho year since I tould any one the story. I was nineteen at tho time. My mother and me, wo had gone to tho fair of Lettcrnahinch to sell two sheep ; and there we wero all day, and the divil a bit could wo sell the sheep. ' No matter, Patsy,' said my mother to me, at the iud of the day, ' you'll buy yourself tho pair of now boots all tho tame, for who knows when we'll next bo in at Letternahinch from tho farm ?' And so I bought the pair of boots ; and mighty proud I was of thim, sorr, you may be sure ; and I kept them on during the evening, until it was time for us to sot out to walk back to tho farm, for tho divil an offer could wo get for tho Btieep. Well, now, sorr, nbout tree miles from Letternaliinoh, or maybo 'tis troo miles and a half, there's a wood — and a dark wood it was that night, though it was a moonlight night, and tho road as white as Bilvor ; and Bays I, ' Mother, tho now boots aro hurting my feot ; wait a mitrnto now and I'll tako them off.' But sho went on with tho sheep j and I was sitting down at tho edgo of tho wood taking off tho boots, whin there was a noise, mid something rushed at ma from tho wood, and hit mo a siaD. and went bv. Sure I bono yonr honor '11 niver seo anything like that terrible beast. 'Twos in the road now, and I was up, witli the boots in one hand and a little bit of a stick in the other ; and I kept threaten ing it when it came near to attack mo. I called out to my raotbor, but she was frightened too ; sho wouldn't look back. ' Come an, Patsy, come an I' sbo cried to me ; and I dursn't ran, for fear of the beast." " Bnt what was it like, Patsy i" " Well, Borr, I will make you sinsible of it ; though I was all of a thrimble, for it followed me along tho road, and sometimes 'twas in tho ditch, and when I couldn't see it I heard it, and my mother heard it, and she was as terrified as I was. 'l'was about four or five feet long — yis, sorr, maybe fivo feot it was — and red, nnd when it put up its head, 'twas like to strike at mo like a snake ; but I had a bit of a stick in my hand, and I kept that turned to it. Maybe it bad legs, bnt I could Bee none ; and tlio body — well now, the body was about tbo thickness of a thin dog, long nnd thin it was — and the noiso it made was terrible, terrible. Well, now, sorr, maybe it was a fancy. I understand that. Maybe it was something in my own bead— like a fever. But manny and manny is tho time I havo thought over it ; and what bothers mo in- tirely ia that my mother should havo board It when it was growling at mo in tho ditch." Even now tho recollection of this strange thing seemed to overshadow Patsy with fear and trembling. His eyes wore distraught; and he spoke lileo one speaking to himself, and describing something that be actually saw before him. " 'Twasn't tho size of it, yonr honor, that frightened me ; snro it couldn't reach at me higher than tho kneo, when it put up its head as if it would Btriko mo; but thera was something terrible about it that made me thrimble from me head to mo foot. And wliiu I put down my stick it would keop back, running along by tho side o' mo, bnt always wid its head turned to mo, nnd threat ening ; and snro I was afraid to strike it, if I had had tho power, but I was wake with the thrimbling ; and my mothor sbo wouldn't look back — 'twas a God's truth, your honor, I never was in sucii a fright as thnt night, And thin, whin it left tho road for a whilo, I knew it was there still all the time, by henring of its growling at mo ; and at such times, whin it was in tho ditch, I would iiavo hurried on faster, and got np to my mother, but my legs wero wake with tho fright, and sure I was afraid it wonld come up behind me if I was to run. There now, sorr, there may bo an explanation — I will not say no to that ; maybo 'twos a kind of fever in my head ; but suro that couldn't havo madomy mother hear tho beast whin it was growling at mo in tho ditch, and mado lier liurry on too, for she was too frightened to look back 1" " Bnt yon haven't finished the story, Patsy : what bccamo of the, boast !" "Well, 'twos a terrible night, yoor honor, and that's a fact. I thought wo would uevor get to the farm, though my mother kept ahead of mo with the slicop, and I was afraid to overtako her, for foar of giving tho beast a chance at me. Suro I think it must havo been between one or two in tho morning when We got up to the farm ; and the beast kept following mo— sometimes in sight, nnd soma- times in the ditch— all tho way, until wo wore nearly at tho door ; and then it tnrned and went away down tho hill again, nnd I'snw it as far as tlio lake, but thoro I lost sight av it. Divil tho wink of sleep did I got that night, you may be sure, sorr ; nnd tho next day my mother cautioned me not to Bpnko of it to anny one, for fear of bad lnck. Now, sorr, I will tell yon anmothlng moro about that snmo beast — " But just at this moment, as it happened, tho supernatural world got sudden notico to quit. There wns a sharp, shrill shriek of tho reel instantly tho rod was seizod and raised ; and then, forty yards away behind tho boat, a creature — that soowed to tho excited imagi nation about oa long as the boast thnt Patsy had seen on tho Lotternahinch-road — sprung into tho air and foil back again with a mighty Bplash. Visionary monstors had to givo way to this- vary actual animal that was row c«"y'ng on a series of unseen cantrips in the BtiU watora of the lake. Patsy rcgardod the Btand up fight with comparative indifferoneo ; his ministrations woro not noodod yet, nml apparently ho had no doubt of the result. «or, Indeed, with an ordinary care, ought there to havo been any doubt of tho result ; tor the fish was hooked with a phantom min- nftHl'1 j? 'aek' was tested, and tho rod was » brand new one, powerful enough to hay# hauled out a horse. But wlioovcr thinks that fighting a salmon in such circumstances is too certain a thing, enn have nil tho excitoment ho wants by importing into it two furthor conditions, First, let liim havo for his second boatman a person who, to use the American phrase, comprises within himself nine differ ent sorts of a born fool ; nnd then let him have for his chief boatman a superbumanly smart follow (who 1ms been to Pittsburg, and all tho rest of it), and who is far too clover to gaff the salmon in tho ordinary way, but mnst needs make a plunging shot at tho gill. When the twenty minutes or five-and twenty minutes aro over, and when the fish is being towed gradually nearer and nearer to the j boat, then the angler will havo quite enough of excitoment — there will be no lack whatso ever of excitement, for, of coarse, when tho fish happens to sheer along the side of tho boat, the niuo ply fool at the bow has his oar rest- ing on tho water; and when lie is yelled to lift liis oar, of course ho tries to draw it in ; and of course the handle catches in the opposite gunwale ; and of courso the blade goes rasping across tho now tightened lino ; whilo the Iangnago that suddenly fills the air becomes emphatic and Ggurative. Then tho smart gentleman, to savo the fish from tlio slight soar left by tlio ordinary method of galling, must perforco try for tho gill ; he misses it, and strikes the lino ; the fish plunges, and thoro is a pause of breathless despair. Ilowover, tho upshot on this occasion, as it turns out, is more lucky than wo have any right to oxpect, for after these twin stupidi ties, tho frayed casting line still holds ; the olivo green back of the salmon by and by comes nearer tlio surfaoe of the water, Blowly and ineffectively heading th is way and that ; ! and then there is a qnick dive of the sharp still gaff, and the next second there is in the bottom of the boat a splendid largo gloaming creature — no longer showing anything of olive green, but all a flashing and glowing bronze blue and Bilvor, Of course at such a moment there can be nothing but rcconcilia- ' tion and forgiveness. I "Well, Borr," says 'Patsy from the deep3 of his ncnitence. " wlion I missed him T felt sick." I And now the redinltgraeio amoris nnd the capture of tho fish alike call for a modest libation; and presently, with a repetition of the accustomed toasts, "Good Bport to your honor 1" " A tight lino to your honor I" wo aro again on our way round the lake, 1 leisurely paying out the long lino, and quite ready to hear further about the red beast of Lettcrnahinch. j "Yes, sorr," says Patsy, "and this is tho strangest part av it. Sure if no ono had seen the beast but mesilf, ono would say it was a draine, or what a man sees in a fevor. But it wasn't tho drink, anny wny. When I was a young fellow tho divil a drop would I touch ; I wouldn't have drank a glasstf whisky if my throat had been as dhry as a limo burner's wig, Bnt now I'll tell yonr honor what happened after that. 'Twa3 six months after — six or seven months after. My mother and mo wo had not been speaking about what had happened on the Letterna- hinch road, for tho fright was on me for manny and manny a day ; and my mother wonld never spake of it either, for fear of bad luck. Well, sorr, ono evening I was going into tho house — 'twas about supper time — and I was thinking of nawthin' but that ; and tho door insido was a bit open, j Well, sorr, there was a woman Btanding I talking to my mother — well I know tho j woman, she lived at Maskenc — that was about eight miles further on tho road — and my mother was asking her to sit down and rest herself, for 'twas a long way to go, and she bad not passed our way for manny and manny n day. ' Thank yo kindly, Mrs. Cong,' says sho, ' but 'tis n lonely road to Maskenc, nnd I nm frightened to bo out after dark since what happened to mo at Lettcrnahinch.' Bcgob, sorr, yon may suppose I listened thin ; and her back was to mo so that she couldn't see me, and my mothor couldn't seo me nayther because of the door. Well, sorr, what she said was that two yoars before sho had been in at tlio market nt Lettcrnahinch, nnd she had a power o' things to carry ; and so sho waited for tho night mail car, that would put her down within a mile or so of Mask one. Sho was on tlio bnck seat of tlio car, and thoro was no one olso but the driver; and 'twas a fine clear night. Well, sorr, slio declared that whinthoy were passing n wood about threemiles from Ballynahinch, a terrible beast sprungoutof the wood, and sprung right into the car, and stopped there beside her, and the divil a word or a cry could she get out, for the fright that was on her. How long the beast stopped In the car she did not say ; nor was Bho saying annytiiing of what it was liko ; and my mothor sccmod too frightened to nsk her any questions. But that was the reason she made to my mother for going on in the daylight ; and not a minuto longer would sho stop in the house. Now, sorr, what can anny one make of that ? That was a year and a half before what happened to me, and at the very same part of (ho road," " Yon hadn't heard the woman's story before. Patsy, and forgotten it? It wasn't the coming to the wood on tho Lettcrnahinch road that suddenly brought it back to your mind nnd frightened yon ?" " Aw, the divil a bit, sorr ! Sure I asked my mother nliout it, and 'twas thin for tho first titno she heard of it too, though 'twas mighty littlo you'd get her to spake about it. Well, sorr, that is all I know av it, and 'tis thore I'll lavo it ; but depind on it, sorr, there's more going on than sve know." I This, Patsy's favorito maxim, seamed to both his companions so Incontrovertible that they acquiesced in siienco. As for Patsy himself, ho scorned rather glad to get away from thoso memories. A kind of gloom had hung over him while ho was recalling tho various particulars ; perhaps he shared his mother's fears that no good wonld come of speaking of such matters. At nil events, as soon as ha began to talk of legends and stories and superstitions in which ho was not personally concerned, ho quite rocovorcd his ordinary oheorfuliicss of tone ; indeed when ho came to treat of the water horses that used to haunt these lakes he spoke in qnito a jaunty nnd matter-of-fact way, as ff thtir existence " in tho ould days" admitted of no mannor of doubt whatever. Of courso I was not surprised to find the water horse myth as common hero as it is in my own country, whero every other looli boa its oircumstantial legend ; but the curious Thing about tlio Conncmura water horses is that tiiey are reported to hare interbred freely with the farm horses around, and that tho offspring wero put to work on tho farm as an ordinary affair. But they wero lazy animals, these half breeds, and not to bo dependod on whenever they came near a lake, for then, unless the farmer was on tlio watch, they would most likely make a holt for tho water, irrespective of what was behind thorn. In fact, there was a yonng animal of" this uncanny blood employed on a farm belonging to Patsy's unclo ; and ono day it did make such a bolt, and was only prevented from plunging itself, and tjio ear, and tho driver, into a Iako by the traces fortunately hitching (how, was not oxplnined) on a rook. I wondor if it was tho sarao uncle who was tho _ hero of Patsy. Cong's next Btory. By this time, it may bo unnecessary to say, I had come to regard my friend Patsy as a rank impostor. His Translantio experiences may havo given him a thin veneer of scopti- cism, wiiioh ho thought it fine to parade before tlio simplo dwellers among tlio hills; but underneath that nnd deep down in his naturo thoro obviously remained the ineradicable Celtic belief in a mysterious and magical world, just hidden, and no moro than hidden, by tho visibio phenomena around. Patsy was clearly thrown nway in Connemara. If only ho had belonged to tho wealthier classes, if lie had been brought up in a library, and got ids brains bemuddled witli neo- Platonism and port wine, there is no saying to what cmlnonce he might not havo rison as a writor of sentimental history or tlio constructor of a new ethical system. Hero tlio gates wire ajar to no purpose. Hero he was tied down to tho telling of old wives' tales about water horses nnd tlio like. "There's more going on than we know," Bays Patsy, surveying tlio BtiU blue waters of the lake in an absent kind of way. "I'm suro of that, sorr. It's a positive fact, Maybo I wouldn't bolavo all tho stories that are touid, but there's something — there's something. There was my unclo, now, that lived at Kincrce ; and ho used to bo going down to the say shore, coortin' the young woman that he was to marry. Well, one even ing as ho was coming back, ho stopped to talk to some min that were blasting rocks near the roadside ; and I don't know how it was, but there was a quarrel and a fight, and one of tho min he takes up the blasting rod and hits my uncle with it over tho head, and thore ho was, a doad man. Well, sorr, it wa3 about a year after my uncle was killod there that a woman living close by in the neighborhood went ont from her cabin with a milking pail in her hand, and went np to the hill Bide to milk the cows. They saw hor go up — moro than one saw her go away — and she was quite alone by herself. Well, sorr, she didn't come down again, and tliey got frightened, and they went in search of her, and the divil a sight of her could they find anny where. Well, now, your honor, this is tho Btory nv it ; sure, I'm only Baying what I was tould about it, and what everyone about there bclavcs until this day. 'Twas on tho evening of the third day after that that sho came down again — looking very quare she was — and she Baid sho had met tho man that was murdered tho year bofore— sure, that was my uncle — and ho had taken hor away with him over the hills, she could not tell where. I don't know what to make av it ; but 'twas a strange story anny- how." "Patsy," remarks on of the two listeners, " was thore a bothan dubk in those hills " What's that, sorr ?" " What they call in Scotland a black bothy — an illicit still. Weren't they brewing a little potheen np in tho hills, and glad to get the woman to help them for a day or two ?" " I doa't know about that, sorr," said Patsy, "But anoyhow, she was never the Bame woman after ft— no, sorr — there was always something weighing on her mind, and she never got the better of it. I suppose she's dead now." Hero Patsy paused, and had a look round the sky, for there had been some faint indica tions that we might after ail get a breath of wind ; and then, stiU'avorking away at the easy oar, he continued : "No, sorr, I Baw nawthin' nbout thim Btorios but that they were tould to me. What happened to mesilf on tlio Letternahineh-road, that was different — begob, I'm not likely to forget that. Bnt there was something that happened to my father that was strango too, and I know he wouldn't toll a lie about it." " Your father was a good mau, Patsy, ho wouldn't tell a lie about hardly annythiug," sayB the meek Chorus. '"Twos whin I was a boy, but well I ro- mimber It," says Patsy. "Ho was at work ou tho farm, and my sister had to carry him hiB dinner, nnd they Bate down on a side of a littlo hill where it was toe. rough and rocky for digging — the divil a thing could a spado do wid it. Well, sorr, there was a woman coming along the road that knew my father, and she sate down with them for a minnto or two, to pat the basket off hor shoulders, and thero thoy were sitting whin they hoard people spoking below thein inside tho hill. Oh, as clear as annything they heard the voices below the ground, so tho woman tould me, for I met her as I was going to the field not fivo minutes after. And says bIio, ' Patsy, ask your father was ho hearing annything wlion your sister and him and mo were Bitting on the hill.' Well, sorr, I went along, and there was my father at his work again ; and I went down to him, and askod him about what tho woman tould mo. ' Yes, Patsy, true it is,' says he, ' but it is not a thing to bo Bpaking about ! and ho wouldn't answer no more questions. No, Borr, not thin nor at any other time ; ho wonld be getting angry wid us when wo were afthor asking him anny questions about it. Snro, sorr. thoro mast bo somethin' in it. Tho woman might be making up a Btory to frigl|ten us childer, but my father wouldn't tell a lie about it. There's something going on, sorr, and that's the truth. It's a positive fact. And if the ould witchery lias gone away from tho country, sinco tho peoplo aro more cunning now, still, tiiero may bo othor things that wo don't know. That's truo, sorr, that's a positive fact. But what does your honor think av it, if I may bo so bould as to ask J" Bnt now thero ib something far moro stirring ahead than clattering dry bones of discussion or weaving Impalpable webs of theory ; for the littlo varying puffs of wind havo boon gradually increasing to a good, stoady, honest breeze ; quickly it is resolved (seeing thnt Patsy's experiences of tho supernatural hove carried us on till near lunch time, and the process of landing, collecting stioks, lighting a fire, and cooking our pot of Irish stoiv is a tedious one) to havo a final try with the ily before the picnic begins ; so the long lino is rapidly got in ; the minnow detached ; thero is a word or ao about the rival claims of a " Harlequin," a " Grey Monkey," and tho shining "JFlower of Kelso ;" ultimately thoso are all discarded in favor of the old, familiar, and ubiquitous "Jock Scott;" and presently we aro making our way across the now raffled bosom of tbo lake to try our luck in tho plashing and whirling waters of tho Butt of Derryclaro. — English Illustrated Magazine. 