THE HANDS OF JUSTICE. I^Y F. W. B0BINSO2J. Author i-£ 'Grandmother's Money;' *' Coward Conscience;' 'Annie Judge, Spinster ;' 'Poor Humanity ;' ' As Long as She Lived f 'Mattkj, a Stray;' 'Owen, a Waif ;' ' No Church f ' House of Elmore ;' ' A Woman's Hansom;' ' For Her Sake ;' (Fublisbed by special arrangement with the author. AU rights reserved.] BOOK IV.— TEE MOVING OF THE HA2TOS. Cbattetx IV.— The End of Farm FOKUOBS. ( Continued J. John Woodhatch had never been a man to brook much questioning, but be made no protest in this instance to Reuben Fladge's enquiries. He was like a man anxious to ex plain to this one being, whose brain was not able to receive it, the motives for his despe rate act. _ His anger at the sight of Reuben had vanished, and his voice was low and earnest as be walked on with Fiadge, his arm xtQl linked in his. 'I burned it down, Fiadge, because in that house I had met nothing but grievous shame and gross ingratitude,*he said. 'I wanted — I, a poor thief ?born wretch — to act as God Almighty in this place and rale as king and saviour. I wanted to be talked of as a great reformer of bad lives, a wondrous man, who, having known what crime was, and what temptation was, knew best thejway to lead poor sinners from them. And I knew nothing — not even myself— rand have been laughed at for my pains. Do you think you understand me?' 'Hardly, sir— hardly.' 'Try and do so when yon arc alone — so that you can tell this story when £ am a long way from Skegs Shore, For you are left, Fiadge, to gght my battles here, you know,' he said, you who stood by me to the very end, aod was'the one friend left when the wreck came.' 'I— I don't understand,' whimpered Fiadge again, 'I cant. Where are you going, master— tell me that? And what are joa -going to do 7' John Woodhatch did not reply to these two extra questions. They were of the class to which se would hazard no reply. But he went od in his own way. 'Too «iHge-toSleathorpe, and see what earn lie done theie, Reuben— and you will take care of .old Carlo for me till he diet, I knew.' » Ay, that! will,' Fiadge answered. **X Jbad intended to drown him here to. nighty ont cf his misery— the misery of a \- SDMtcrV Ices, Fiadge, and which a dog feels jUBf£' fce jo£i4tered to bJmeelf, *' bat your lurking here to-night has saved the Kttte life tbat'alefthim.' „ __ t ? - Ay— is that it!' said the troubled &9uben. Here John Woodhatch came to a foil stop, and Fiadge and Carlo stopped with Was. ' I was rough and bearish to yon when I saw you first,' Woodhatch remarked,' let van . say with my good-bye to you that I'm-sorry you should have had any harsh words of mine to-night to sting you. But I am not myself just now— and I daresay,' he added, with another short, mocking laugh, 'X shall never be quite myself again. Who knows ?' Fiadge regarded him wistfully. As John Woodhatch held out bis hand towards him in farewell greeting, he did not withdraw his own hands from the pockets into which a moment since he had thrast them. 'Why can't I go with you?' asked Fiadge. ' I have said ivs impossible.' ' You'll want somebody— you ain't fond of your own company — and I'll never say a word, or do a single thing to make you say ' I'm sorry 1 took the feller with me,9' pleaded Fiadge. It was true earnestness, and for an instant John Woodhatch wavered, although Reuben Fiadge was not aware of it. 'It can't be. At all events just now. ' Perhaps,' he added, ' I may write to you in time to come. Write to Bleathorpe, where jou will be,' *? Ah ! — that's no good,' muttered Fiadge ; ' joi; don't mean it.' ? ' Well — good-bye.' ' What are you going to Hull for ?' asked Fiadge ; 'you said you was going to Hull.' ' It's a handy place to start from— and the ships sail cut there night and day, hour after hour, to new worlds, new hopes, new lives. And, Fiadge, I am very tired of the old life. There,' he said, ' will that do ? I can explain no more than that.' 'Yes. I make out— some of it,' answered Fiadge. *'? Then good-bye — and God make a man of you, and a good man.' 'Thank you, sir,' answered Fiadge very humbly, and even inclining his head, as a suppliant might do receiving a benediction from his priest, 'thankee, master, and— God blessyou — aliens !' 'Thanks, Fiadge— I will value your last wish for me. And good-bye again,' he said, extending his hand once more. 'Why the devil don't you say good-by??' he cried petulantly at last. ' I ain't a going yet awhile.' ' But you must.' 'My waj's your way,' said Fladgo, ' there's the horse and trap at the Swan, and Fve got to fetch it.' '1 am not going to the Swan.' ' Bo — but you're going that way,' replied Fltdge, still persistent, net to say obstinate. John Woodhatch shrugged his shoulders, and pressed the question no further. He walked on moodily towards the sand banks where the pathway met the sea shore and led to the village where he was known so well, &nd; where Lucy Brake had lived to this day. A poor, weak, loving, warm-hearted little woman, this Lucy, and not fit for him in any way, he thought very suddenly and remark ably just then, but the only woman in all bis life whom he had ever thought of loving, and would have made an idol of, in his own clumsy way. Where was she now, he won dered ''. And why had she, with all the rest of them, gone away so easily from him, with a few common-place expressions of regret? She might have guessed they would never meet again, that that had been his lixed resolve from the hour her father thought of giving up Skegs Shore. He walked on, thinking of her still, and Fiadge and Carlo followed in the rear. The sky was all ablaze, and lighted him along the footpath to Skegs Shore— the old gilt tips to the vane upon the church tower seemed like little jets of flame that night, and the glass windows in the quiet village were bright with dancing lights. There had been a rare race of the inhabit ants to the farm, but there were a few dark figures dotting the main street, too in dolent to make the journey, or too indiffe rent to sight- seeing, or with too much busi ness at home upon then* minds— and there was quite a crowd of idlers round the doors of the Swan, all talking of the fire and of John Woodhatch, and all with .their faces turned to the red glare in the sky. One or two more were hurrying in the distance towards the railway- station, where the down train was nearly dne, and John Woodhatch seeing them was reminded of the time, and took longer strides in their direction. But the master of Farm Forlorn was recog nised by those left behind in the old village, and more than one called out his name as he stepped into the foreground, and a few came running after him. He turned abruptly aside with the object of evading them and the hundred questions which would be hurled at him, but they intercepted him at right angles, and were in front of him again, two Ken on whom he had never set eyes before, standing completely in his way. Mr. Woodbatch,': said one of them. ' Yes— but I am pressed fortune, and have the Bull train to catch,' he said, striding by. 'Very sorry, sir,' replied the man, as he snd bis companion kept pace with him, ''but you can't go that journey yet awhile !' 'Why not?' ' Very sorry, sir,' he said again, ' but I sm a constable, and it's my business and my unpleasant duty to arrest you.' 'To arrest me,' exclaimed John Wood hatch. *? Yes, sir— that's it.' ' It is my own farm — and no one's loss but mine, you fool,' he thundered forth. 'I don't know anything about the farm, Mr. Woodhatch,' said the officer, 'mine's a different affair, and I hope you'll come quietly with us, and save all fuss and bother.' He glanced at the stalwart proportions of the farmer and trusted sincerely that he would. *' What is your charge V asked John Wood hatch, calmly. 'Murder.' ' Murder,' repeated the accused man, and 'Murder!' echoed Reuben Fiadge, in a higher key. 'Yes, sir. The old Morris Brake business I'm sorry to say,' replied the man, still deferentially, 'and you'll come quietly, I hope.' ' Yes,' replied John Woodhatch, 'quietly enough, my man. I am your prisoner.' Chapter V.— On Remaxu. More news for this quiet and sleepy part of Old Lincolnshire— this dead-and-alive Skegs Shore, where news, as a rule, flew by and left no trace, like carrier pigeons with tidings for a busiersphere. Moreover, here was news to be transmitted from Skegs Shore to English towns and cities, to the mighty London even, many miles away — news which might interest folk who had forgotten this dull, flat strip of coast, but remembered something about a murder near it years and years ago. And now the murderer was discovered, and the whole story, with strange, supplementary details born of the mighty imaginations of descriptive reporters paid to make the most of itjtfbpped up afresh in the newspapers, and, Heaven be praised, at a slack time of year, when politicians were grouse-shooting, or, if, extra energetic, wearying provincial sad scanty audiences with second-hand platitudes, stage thunder, and blue fire — with dismal prophecies of the country going to ruin for not taking their advice, or hymns of praise and glory for *»fring it implicitly and being none the better for it just at present. The Skegs Shore murder came as a relief to the wind and water of the dull season, and people talked of it and grew interested in it, and saw love and jealousy, and deep dire revenge in it, and heaps of mystery, and all the component atoms of a big sensation. It was a murder well pieced together, and the general public gave no thought to the possibility of the innocence of the man under arrest. It was so indisputable a chain of evidence ; it was as everybody had thought ; it was as clear as day, as true as gospel ; it was absolutely natural. John Woodhatch and Morris Brake had been rivals for the affection of the parson's daughter, and when the former had discovered the secret marriage of his pupil with the ob ject ofjiis love, he had waylaid and killed the youth who had supplanted him. These had always been the facts of the case, people said down in Lincolnshire, but in the absence of proof, and with a liberal expenditure of money ,-and an artful attempt to pose as a philanthropist, John Woodhatch had lived down the first suspicion which had fastened on him. And now the murder was out, and the proofs rose like ghosts from the crave of the slain man, and all was bare in the white light of God's day. with the Hands of Justice closing on the guilty one at hist. A grand moral thatsin should not have all its own way, and there was retribution to follow the com mission of it. It was known now that the weapon with which the murder was committed had been buried in the sands, and that the name of John Woodhatch was on the handle. The farmer and one Reuben Fiadge, a mere tool of a stronger mind, it iras asserted, had been seen together digging up this spud one dark night and sinking it deeper again for more obscurity. There was an old cap found also, a something Woodhatch had worn probably by way of disguise ; and the weapon bad been missed from the night of the murder, and bidden here in preference to hurling it into the sea, which would have ebbed away along the level eands with the next outflow of the tide. The murderer knew that very well, and understood the coast. This Reuben Fladee was probably an accomplice, and would turn Qneen's evidence whenfrigatoned a little more, the good, worthy, perspicacMus, general public thought. He would make the whole story stronger, having been bribed heavily, for even a farm called ToUand's had been settled on him for no earthly reason that any one could conceive, sate m ? price upon his silence. The evidence m somewhat weak at Sraect, hot the discovery of the apod would taaitofaannm, Alreadyitkad been ascer tained that Jobs Woodhatch was not at his farm on the night of the murder, but on Che sands, creeping stealthily in the direction of Skegs Snore ; and the police were anxious to discover the whereabouts of a certain Mrs. ChaddcrttiD, who had sat up for him that cicht, and wbo had evidently disappeared from farm Forlorn rather than be a witness in the case. Here was another party bribed and sent out of the way, John Woodhatch having had an inkling that the deed was being talked about again, and himself ;once more euepected. A deep, designing man this Wood batch — a desperate character, and ready with the knife even as a boy, and one who might bave been hanged for murder as a boy, if his victim had not been mercifully spared. They had all his antecedents in the p&pers; now ; the mighty Press had him by the throat. And then to burn down the farm, and doubtless with many proofs of his crime therein ; to pay his servants heavily to keep them on his side, in case of an arrest, and rescue him — if the destruction of his farm should not divert the attention of Skegs Shore fclk so com pletely from the village as to enable him to slip away to Hull, thence tc take ship away and be lost. By some mysterious means he had been warned of his danger early oa that day, but had acted just a little clumsily in some respects, and so had come to grief. Always the way with these calculating criminals— a merciful dispensation it was that they should help to put the hangman's rope around tfaeir own necks, when left to their nefarious devices. There were two letters found upon the ' prisoner also, it was said, which tended to implicate him more deeply than even the new evidence which had cropped up to his detriment. One letter was to a Mrs. Gregory Dorward, the wife of a deserving youth who had left Farm Forlorn, probably in disgust at the conduct of its owner, telling her where money would be found to pay the passage out tc Canada of herself and husband, and hint ing that they were better away out of Eng land, and might rely on further help from him when they required it. This was further evidence of bribery and corruption. The second letter— and strange that it should be so, it was thought at first— was written to the widow of the murdered man, who also, as if doubting him at last, had left suddenly ifor Paris, to which city the letter he had never posted— as though he had been afraid to place himself in her power — was addressed. Herein was allusion to the murder, as the motive for some forgiveness which he had asked of the young widow, and she had granted him, not knowing for what offence. 'I knew who had killed Morris, and I kept the truth from you, for the sake of your own peace !' he had written very vaguely, although she would guess the truth at once, he knew, when he was far away from England and beyond all chance of capture. Of course there were hypocritical wishesfor her happiness, allusions to old times, and the old love he had had for her ; words of long farewell, and words which were incoherent, or of a meaning which only Mrs. Lucy Brake could satisfactorily explain. It would be necessary to find Mrs. Gregory Dorward and Mrs. Brake, two beings who had occupied almost the last moments of Mr. Woodhatch before he had made a bonfire of his property. They would throw a light upon the dark corners of this cause celibre, and add to the interest of the plot. But neither Mrs. Gregory Dorward nor Mrs. Morris Brake were readily discoverable ; the Dorwards, a disreputable gang, as it transpired, had dis appeared from Bolter's Rents a day or two ago, and up to present date the Brakes had not been discovered in Paris. Meanwhile the first examination of John Woodhatch before a bench of magistrates at Lincoln was duly reported in the papers ; and the facts, more or lees distorted, which had led to his arrest, and which we have foreshadowed, were set before many dull but worthy gentlemen. One fact was startling, for a man who had maintained some position in the county, and whose badly packed portmanteau — unmis- takably significant of sudden flight and haste — was crammed with notes drawn from his own bankers twenty- four hours before ; and thatf act was, the prisoner remained completely undefended. He had refused to send for his solicitor, or to employ a counsel ; it was not worth while, he said ; and it was remarked in court that he regarded the whole matter apathetically, as if he were a half- interested witness in the case rather than the party principally concerned, and over whose head was hanging so terrible a charge. He said not a word to criminate himself, which was a wise proceeding ; he did not even state that he was innocent, and to the evidence against him he listened with a languid interest, which must have been sheer affectation, sceptical people thought. There would have been a lack of sensation in the whole matter altogether had not the preliminary business been enlivened by the putting of Reuben Fiadge into the witness box against bis will, and swearing him to the whole truth, and nothing but the truth; which, to all outward seeming, he particularly objected to, raving and protesting and blundering and contradicting, and feigning to be idiotic ; even raising the ire of the bench snd the observant public, and then convulsing both with laughter. It was a bad case, and went against John Woodhatch from the first. This Reuben Fiadge would get himself into trouble presently, it was considered ; and, if not more explieit on the next occasion, might find him self in the dock along with his master. He was a bad one ; had once upon a time borne the worst of characters, and it was not un likely had had something after all to do with the commission of the crime. Still he was not arrested, although detectives were told off to keep an eye upon him until the next examination ; which they did, and found it dreadfully tiresome work, Reuben being prone to long, swift walks of twenty-five miles or so at a stretch, without any object that was apparent, save to render himself disagreeable, and trot the official force of Lincolnshire completely off its legs. He behaved like a madman in his perambulations, too ; flinging up his arms and raving at the sky, and calling to all kinds of people to come and help his master ; he was altogether ' playing a pretty game,' it was asserted by the exhausted police detailed to follow him, and who were dead beat already. Only the master of Farm Forlorn was calm and grave, and terribly at his ease. He would see no one ; to those who came by special order to see him, or wrote to offer in one way or another their services or ej mpathy — there were a few of these folk to his great surprise — he sent word to thank them, and to decline their kind offers of interposition on bis behalf. In his cell, under remand, he sat and thought a great deal, but he asked no one lor the news beyond his prison walls. 'What does it matter now ?' he was heard to mutter once in the airing-yard when he was taking bis exercise with other unfor tunates to whom bail had been refused, and on whom this Justice — grand and stern and merciless — had laid its mighty Hands ' what dees it matter now I' Chapter VL— How it Mattered to Lucy Brake. Meanwhile the news of John Woodkateb/n arrest did not reach the ears of Parson Lar ccm and his daughter. 'They think me guilty; they do not care to write to me, or ask a single question. They think the very worst,' John Woodhatch said to himself; and meanwhile they were proceeding on their holiday without a sus picion of what had happened to Farm For lorn and its owner, without the faintest idea that they were being sought for by busy folk, bd xiqus to constitute them principal characters in this story. They had proceeded straight to'Paris, where Mr. Larcom, with a horror of hotels and the expenses to which he might be subjected therein, had procured apartments in a little side street near the Rue -le Richelieu. They did oot dash into a round of sight-seeing, after the fashion of new-comers to the gay city ; sight-seeing was hardly in Mr. Larcom's life, and they were scarcely in the fit and proper mood to enjoy this great change in their lives, they discovered, after they Jiad attempted to settle down. There was much business to attend to, trustees to find, and their own identity to establish, and much wearisome business in understanding where the money was ,and how it was to be trans ferred, and all this in a language which Lucy but imperfectly understood and Mr. Larcom knew nothing of; and when business was over fcr the day, they were too tired for that fair amount of distraction to which English men in Paris consider themselves entitled. Then it happened that little Morice fell ill, and there came a grave anxiety to the young mother, and no more thought of holiday making, or even of money-making, to the Larcoms. Mr. Xiarcom began to grow very sick of wandering about the streets without Lucy and Morice, and to wish in his heart for an excuse to return to Skegt Shore. It began to impress itself slowly upon his mind that he had been in too unseemly a Jmrry to get away from John Woodhatch, and that John Woodhatch mutt have noticed it and been offended by it ; end, the pareon being a man with a conscience, this began to render him unhappy. Why he had not asked John Woodhatch to accompany them, at the slack time of the farming season, when the harvest was all in, and John couldhave got away so easily, began to harass him too. ' I could have exeested in this unchreestian place with John, mayhap,' he muttered ; but to he trapesing apoot by myself, and with never a sopl to speak to. is a terreeble nui earjee, and the sooner £ke law beesiness is settled, and Moiice is well again, the better for a quiet Methodist like me, Pm thinking.' Finally the news came to him suddenly, and a day or two after the first examination of John Woodhatch at Lincoln ; it startled him f torn the potes of a h&etSy; scrawled letter sf the gentleman left ia'char** of HslttHo and a request to know how the chapel-folk were getting on. 'You have doubtless heard of tho man Woodhatch's arrest for the murder of your sop-in law,' hie 'correspondent added, in a light and almost airy postscript, ' and I do not wonder at your keeping a-ray from Lin colnshire as long as yon can. I shall give no one your address until I receive permission to do.so ; andas the next examination is not fora fortnight, you certainly should not hurry home. There is really nothing to be done— and there is no doubt in the public mind or in mine that John Woodhatch is the murderer.' Mr. Larcom sat down and wiped his fore head with his silk pocket-handkerchief. Was he dreaming, or wm all this stern, sober, soUd fact, solid enough to crush him ? It was fortunate that Lucy was not with him when the letter was received, for hecould not make up his mind what course to adopt, and he thought it would be necessary to be cautious in communicating the news to his daughter. ONato daysahe appeared to have recovered considerably in health and spirits ; her thoughts were not always of Morris and the mystery cf his murder, and here was now the old, awful business to the front again, with a horrible sequel in which then- one friend stood out as the villain of the piece. He did not believe it, and then he hoped he did net, There must be some wretched mistake— he had known John Woodhatch all his life ; but in what way Lucy would look at the matter now he could not tell. There was the powerful reminiscence of how Lucy Brake had looked at it five years since, when she was first struck down, and how this very Woodhatch was the man whom she had connected with the crime. True, she was grief -stricken and unnerved, and as she grew stronger she set the suspicion aside, and was sorry it had ever distressed her; but now, with fresh evidence — evidence that had been considered strong enough to justify Joan Woodhatch s arrest— what would Lucy do? He did not know, and he could not imagine. Never was a father who knew less of his daughter's thoughts and inclinations than Alec Larcom, for the reason that he had been too much absorbed in his own occupation, his sermons, and his flock— even in himself, be it said regretfully, and despite his many virtues —to trouble himself too deeply with a young woman's fancies. He had not understood Lucy five years ago, when she had deceived him and married without his consent — and he did not profess to understand her now, for all her quiet words, her sad thoughts, her general submissireness of demeanor towards him, as though she would make amends by it for the past disobedience of her life. ' Women are beyand me,' he had said to John Wood batch before this. ' I can preach at them, John, but I don't make them out — not a scrap.' He went forth that morning to a public library where the English papers were kept, and spent an hour in looking over them, and in arriving at a definite idea of all that bad occurred from the evening of his departure from Skegs Shore. When he returned there was a Lincolnshire newspaper waiting for him, with the details in full of the first examination of the master of Farm Forlorn. He read the particulars carefully, with his face growing grave and extra lined ; with the doubts on his mind increasing and gathering weight. It was so plausible a story, and he was one behind the scenes, who knew John Woodhatch better than the world did— who had known him years ago in Canada, and had helped to charjge him from a rough desperate fellow to what he was at present. He had known him violent and strange enough; what if the old, bad blood had leaped to the front again in the moment of his disappointment, and in his anger against Morris for supplanting him? He was not a hero, Alec Larcom. Naturally, he was a suspicious man, and a man of the world, who understood what evil might lie at the bottom of a fellow-creature's heart; he had never taken human goodness upon trust. He remembered all John Woodhatch's career at once, dating from his first murderous attack upon Gregory Dorwood, senior ; he bore in mind the strange manner of John's latter days, the sudden change in him, the new mystery and eccentricity about him, and he linked it all with the story which had reached him from Skegs Shore. 'I hope it isn't true,' he said, 'bat I am desperately afraid it is. It reads like truth to me.' Later in the day he broke the news to Lucy Brake. Little Morice was better, and pro nounced out of danger. The child would be well in a few days again, it was said, snd hence Lucy was stronger and brighter than she had been since her arrival in the French capital. StroDg enough to hear the news, which her father was afraid might reach her from another source and wholly cast her down. It was his duty to tell her, and he had been a man always proud of doing his duty under adverse circumstances. ' Lucy,' said he suddenly, after their late English supper, 'I have had news from Ske^s Shore to-day.' ' To-day,' was the quick reply, ' and you have not told me before this ! Ah ! it is bad news. There is mere trouble. We are not long in the sunshine, father.' 'That's true. But then, trooble is sent for ? ' ' Yes, yes, that is understood ; but is it any the more bearable ?' cried Lucy irritably. 'To a Chreestian, certainly, for ? ' ' What has happened to John Woodhatch ?'' she cried, interrupting him again ; for it is of him you are going to speak.' ' What made you think that?' ' I believe I have had foreknowledge of it,' said Lucy quickly. ' He is on my mind so much ; we left him in so dark a mood, and in so strange & way. He has not written to me as he promised. He asked my forgiveness for something which he was to tell me presently in a letter -poor, foolish John !— and that letter has not reached me. And now he has written to you instead ; and it is bad news which has come to hand.' 'He has not written, but it is bad news.' ' I knew that. Well, what is it ?' Mr. Larcom coughed, and hesitated still. He approached the subject nervously, know ing that Lucy was so easily affected and dis mayed. If she had been, throughout her life, If.ss of an impulsive child, it would have been the better for herself and him. ' It is aboot John Woodhatch,' he said slowly. ' Yes, yes.' ' And poor Morris,' he added. ' It is the old story cropping up afrash, to the horror of us all. There, Lucy, you can read the rest of it,' he said, tendering her the newspaper ; and for the Lard'a sake read it calmly, and tnink it over calmly afterwards.' Lucy Brake snatched at the Lincolnshire paper, and gave a little cry at the ominous head- lines with which the editor had em bellished his columns then she set herself to master the contents — this new version of an. old tragedy which had altered her whole life. Mr. Larcom watched her nervously from the background, and took hope presently from tho firm expression on the fair face before him. The truth had not wholly dis mayed her, the past spectres rising up from their graves had not completely daunted her. Luey Brake would know the truth, the whole truth, or what these Lincolnshire folk were proclaiming noisily was the truth, and till then, at least, she was strong and self possessed. There were no tears to fall from those blue wondering eyes, and though the lips quivered at portions of the evidence, they were set firmly and closely together afterwards. When fche had read the whole facts of the case against John Wqodhatch, she folded tho paper and returned it to her father. ' We must leave Paris as soon as possible,' she said. 'Yes. my dear, I am completely tired of it myself,' replied Sir. Larcom ; ' but there is no occasion for haste so far as this unfor tunate case is consarned. But when the money matter is in a fair train of seettlement, no one will be more glad to shake the doost of the ceety from his feet,' 'We must go away tomorrow. I, at least, will go,' said Lucy. 'To-morrow! Ye forget Morice will not be well enough to leave her bed,' replied the father. 'I must leave Morice,' was the extra ordinary reply to this ; and Mr. Larcom at once arrived at the conclusion that his daughtc r'a brain had suddenly and completely turned, for Morice had been all and every thing to Lucy, whose morbid, passionate love had made an idol of the child, and whose life bad been absorbed in her, and in nothing else that lived and breathed and loved her. ' Leave Morico gasped forth the father.' 'Yes. She is out of danger — completely out of danger, and in a few days will be well,' said Lucy, ' She and our nurse, and you, if you will, can follow me as speedily as you ple&ae;, but I must go to him at once.' 'Good grawcioua!' exclaimed Mr. Lar com ; ' but why to him— and for what reason —and how ? I— I don't see in the least, my dear, what ye poorpose doing.' '1 don't know myself,' cried Lucy, very wildly and helplessly at last; 'but John Woodhatch is in trouble— his life is in danger —he has been unjustly accused, and we, bis friends, must not keep away from him. We mvBt be by bis side in these cruel times to show we trust and honor him.' 'Ye dont think, then— ye don'tsnppose he did it ?' said the parson hesitatingly. ' I !' exclaimed Lacy passionately. ' Why should I think ao badly of him ?' ' Well, my dear, if ye remember-: — ' 'I remember nothing but that he is in prison.' cried Lucy; 'and I know the man so well, and the true and noble heart he has. He killed my hntband 3— he would have been his best and stoutest friend had Morris lived, and Morris would hue looked up to him a* MsfOide. It ia only people who Jiave nwrer known John Woodhatch who will, for an instant, think this deadly sin of him.' 'Preceesely so. That's it.' mattered the bewildered parson, losing all wish to argue the point, and feeling like a miserable ' I have only understood him of late days,' continued Lucy. 'I have learnt so much of him from poor Hester, and of the good he has sought to bring about. I have seen his efforts to think the beat of all by whom he has been surrounded, bis sorrow at those efforts fail ing him and the desperately wicked going their own way, until one has marvelled at hia self- sacrifices. And this man to be charged with murder — oh ! it is infamous.' \ ' Preceesely so,' said Mr. Larcom again, i He's a wanderful character is John— I never met a man like him. And yet I am poozled, too, as to why he wanted ye to forgeeve him.' 'He woold have afforded the man who killed Morris a chance of repentance, of sal vation,' she cried, ' because he knew who he was snd was sorry for him; because the man was Greg Borw&rd;, father, and he had been ;o proud of Greg.' *? Greg Dorward !' repeated Mr. Larcom ' what makes ye think of him ?' ' I am sure of it. I see it all,' said Lucy thoughtfully. ' Greg Dorward said Mr. Larcom again ; ' that would accoount for much. Ye're wan derfully cute to night, Lucy, or I'm drad fully dcolL My head aches tit to split, and the truth seems too hard for me to wrastle With.' ' And the truth is vnry close to me to night,' waB Lucy Brake's reply. (To be continued.) 