HERBERT SPENCER ON RELIGION. WHILE the blatant assertions of infidel ignorance may always be treated with the contemptuous disregard they deserve, it is, on the other hand, peculiarly interesting and instructive to note the views on religious matters of men of highly cultured intellect, and to watch tha reasoning processes by which they more or less scientifically and methodically deduce the con clusions they adopt. In the former case we have half-understood or wholly misunderstood phrases, caught up at secondhand and used only as a sort of justification for the policy of eat, drink, and be merry, without any nobler restraining influences than the con stable and the gaol; in the latter we have the laborious search for truth of original and earnest, though possibly erroneously-directed minds. The religious sentiment which exists and which has existed from the earliest times, in different degrees of intensity,, among all men is one of the most remarkable and important in the whole range of human phenomena; and it is not surprising that philosophers in all ages should have devoted themselves to the task of tracing and accounting for it. In the present age of theory-formation, it occupies a foremost place in every thinking train, and the different systems emanating from the devotees of various branches of knowledge supply ug with ample food for meditation on their diversities and on their agreements. It is a singular proof, however, of the firm hold that DARWIN'S doctrine of evolution has taken of the scientific mind, that all the later theories of the supernatural are founded on this principle. HERBERT SPENCER'S hypothesis, as expounded in his article on " Religious Retrospect and Prospect," lately published in the press, is no exception to this observation. According to his ghost theory, as he calls it, the first notion of the supernatural was sug gested to primitive man by dreams, the images they present being taken by him (the primitive man) as real, and the actions dreamt to have been performed as really done, only in a different state. Accordingly, a dead person was supposed not to be really dead as long as he appeared to anyone in dreams; and gradually even this condition of appearance was dispensed with when the memory of th© deceased was kept alive by tradition, so that he took up the position of a permanently existing ghost or spirit. After a while, gradations in rank were established among the numerous (spirits analogous to the positions occupied by them when alive. .With advancing civilisation the characteristics of these spirits .were more and more differentiated from those of ordinary human beings; the dematerialisation of these imaginary beings progres sively increased till at last they were regarded as gods with different powers and attributes. Thus, in process of time, the various mythologies with which we are acquainted were, step by. step, constrncted. The reader will perceive that, so far, this ingenious solution of the problem of the supernatural is altogether at variance with the philologico-evolutional one, of which Mr. MONCURE CONWAY is the exponent, though not the author. In fact, the one is just the reyerse of the other. The latter begins with the natural pheno mena of the universe, which were described by the earlier inhabitants of the earth by names and phrases, the original mean ing of which came to be forgotten in time through the dispersion of the people. Words designating such objects as the sun, moon, clouds, <fec., were taken to be the names of heroes and gods whose exploits were supposed to be related by what at first were only descriptions of the ordinary events in the external world, such as the rising or setting of the sun and moon, and so on. This process is from nature to spirit, but Mr. SPENCER'S is from spirit to nature, for the external occurrences of the universe do not ..appear in the latter till after the establishment of the mythology. At any rate, the one system is as plausible as the other; we leave to the reader the embarras du choix. Continuing his exposition, MR. SPENCER goes on to say that after the evolution of the spiritualised ideas of gods, came finally that of a god; but it is to be particularly observed by the believers ip. a revelation that he does not show how this came about-he .merely states it as a fact; a rather unscientific proceeding. This idea of the one Deity, at first of a coarse nature, through being mingled with the ascription of human attributes and imperfec tions, was " in the course of social evolution, and the evolution of intelligence accompanying it," more and more etherealised and purified till that conception is arrived at which all civilised races possess at the present day. Very strange to say, our philosopher passes by in total silence the evolution of the Trinity from Unity, and leaves us in the dark as to whether or not he looks upon this development as a progressive advance, in which light he explicitly regards all the others. In speaking of " what MR. FISKE aptly calls the deanthropo morphisation" of the divinity, that is, the removal of human attributes, our author refers to the Hebrew God (whom Jews regard as the Father of all created things) as being described in the Pentateuch to be manlike in appearance, appetites and : emotions, and contrasts the grossness of this representation with later conceptions. To completely refute this inference it would he sufficient to adduce the simple and universal canon of Biblical interpretation: "The Torah speaks after the manner of men," which means that when human attributes are assigned to the Almighty (whom we believe with a perfect faith not to be a body, and to have none of the properties of a body), it is only that certain events, and the part taken in them by Providence, should be made intelligible to human minds. But, fortunately, we can convict the philosopher out of his own mouth. We quote from the article in question as follows :-" Subjective analysis compels us to admit that our scientific interpretations of the phenomena which objects present are expressed in terms of our own variously combined sensations and ideas-are expressed, that is, in elements belonging to consciousness, which are but symbols of the some thing beyond consciousness." So that when the Bible says God repents, is angry, or hardens a man's heart, this is nothing more than a method of presenting certain providential dispensations of events so as to make them possible of apprehension by our circum scribed faculties. " The strength of Israel doth not lie nor repent; for He is not a man that He should repent" (1 Sam. xv. 29). MR. SPENCER'S prognostication of the ultimately true and beau tiful culmination of the religious idea in the remote future is worthy of serious notice, for the simple reason that this grand climax has been reached by Judaism centuries ago. He says that the alloy of materialism in the conception of the Deity will go qn diminishing till it is ultimately reduced to zero ; that men will bo " hereafter forced to drop the higher anthropomorphic characters given to the First Cause, as they have long since dropped the lower. The conception, which has been enlarging from the beginning, must go on enlarging, until by disappearance of its limits it becomes a consciousness which transcends the forms of distinct thought, though it for ever remains a consciousness." Now, to support our remark as to the position of Judaism in this matter, we need do no more than give a few extracts from DE SOLA'S translation of the lirrn w, one of the sublimest poems in our liturgy :-" Thou art our God, and we are Thy servants, and the witnesses of Thy Unity : there is no commencement to Tfyy existence; nor is there any end to it. This the human heart can not conceive. . . . There is no boundary nor extreme limit to thy divine essence, therefore, no mortal can behold Thee. Neither can we attribute locality to Thee, for length and breadth cannot comprehend Thee. No angle nor diameter can be applied to Thee: no human wisdom can know Thee, nor knowledge reach Thee." " His centre, end, and beginning are the same." " Thon art He who encompasseth all, and filleth all. . . . There is none above or below Thee; none can be outside Thee, nor any in the midst of Thee. There is neither front nor back to Thy Unity; nor is there any corporality to the essence of Thy Unity; accident and chance exist not in Thee, nor time." " No quality or quantity is applicable to Him, nor can any likeness, accident, chance, mutability, union, association, dependence, light or dark ness be attributed to Him." "We have diligently searched with all our intellectual powers to investigate His essence; but we are unable to find, or to know Him; yet, by His works, we understand that he alone is the only Creator, the living, Almighty, and omniscient Being! that He existed before all, and is therefore called the Eternal God !" Many more similar passages might be cited, but these will suffice to show that no effort of science or philosophy can imagine anything surpassing the grandeur of Judaism- or even attain to it, unaided. It is all very well for MR. SPENCER to deduce this great result from barbarous dream superstitions, and then try and account for it by saying that at the outset there was a germ of truth in the primitive conception, a consciousness of force-effort, and so on, but would he have arrived at this conclusion if ho had not had it plainly before him to work up to, consciously or unconsciously, by hook or by orook? Yet, inasmuch as he persuades himself that he has discovered the truth by reason alone, the truth is of no practical value to him, for he confesses that he is forced to agnosticism. It is a mere theory to be enjoyed as an intellectual excitement by men of culture. But Judaism, imparting as it does a full consciousness of a beneficent revelation, reaches the inmost heart, and influences the minutest actions of the humblest as well as the most gifted of those who accept its doctrines. 