MOSLEM CHRISTIANITY. {Pall niall Gazette.) By Mr. MONCURE D. Conway, M.A. "I sit in this veranda," said Arabi, " and wait and wait to see what England will do in Egypt." "And the Mahdi?" said I. "Ah!" said tho exile, and then paused a few moments, while I thought his face clouded at the thought of the great events that might he imminent in his country while he was in a foreign land. Then through our interpreter he said, " The Mahommedan world has of late been looking for the Mahdi. If they find this is not he they will look for another." At the time I remember the words in Matthew, " Art though he that should come, ' or do we look for another ?" Lately I was again reminded of my conversation with Arabi last Christmas by the telegram an- nouncing the appearance at Darfur of a new Mahdi, who, when surrounded by foes, miraculously vanished. This new Mahdi has not reappeared, and he probably will not reappear so long as the acknowledged Mahdi holds his own. He is the ghost who appears to stimulate the energies of his swarthy Hamlet. He is also a sign that there is a Mahdi in reserve should Mahommed Ahmed be " smashed." The Mahdi does not die. His rôle is not a very difficult one. In times when there is a conjunction of popular despair with tradi- tional expectation of a supernatural event, a strong man needs only perfect faith in himself to draw to himself all the strength of heart and brain around him. It is neces- sary, if a prophet is to find believers, that he shall have a "message." This "mes- sage" must combine a revival of rigid orthodoxy with protests against some pradical evil or wrong. " When the tale of bricks is doubled Moses comes." The sor- cerers of Pharaoh cast down their rods and they became serpents, but Aaron's rod swal- lowed up their rods, because Aaron came with a " message" against a wrong, and a hope of deliverance. The Mahdi's appear- ance means a heavy burden on the Souda- nese, and a vehement agitation which is poured into a mould of religious belief almost as fiery as the furnace in which it was molten. The millennial idea, which since A.D. 1000 has steadily declined in Europe, preserves its strength in the Moslem regions of Africa. In the year 1000 the Moslem shared the excitement and expecta- tion of the European world, and Hakim, who then reigned at Cairo, proclaimed him- self the forerunner of Christ. That expecta- tion having failed, the millennial doctrine in Europe, after a brief revival just before the Reformation, was rationalised away ; but the Mahommedans cherished it, and the present Mahdi is supposed to be tho re- appearance of one bearing the same name who " disappeared " 1000 years ago. It is a fact strangely ignored that the Mahommedans are Christians. It is true that Moslem Christianity has suffered a sort of arrest in a primitive phase, outgrown by the development of Christendom ; but the Mahommedan's faith in tho present and hope for the future of the world centres in Christ They are called Mahommedan, but it is an epithet ; Mahommed is to them little more than what Wesley is to tho Wesleyans. I asked Arabi, in the course of a conversation on theology, why he and his friends so constantly spoke of Christ as to appear instead of Mahommed, and why the Prophet was assigned no function in the approaching consummation. " Mahommed cannot appear," he said, " because he is dead." In answer to my further inquiry he said, " Christ is not dead ; it was a mere effigy of him which the Jews crucified. There are two men who never died—Elias and Jesus." He did not say that Elias was to be " he that should come in the form of a Mahdi," being rather reticent on that point, but he was clear in his belief that Christ still lives, and that he will " appear" to judge the world and reign over it. This, indeed, was warranted by what I had read in the Koran and other Mussulman books, but I did no realise before that it had been formed into so consistent an eschatology. Afterwards I took some pains to converse on such subjects with other Mahommedans, and found that these ideas of Christ were held by most of them with a fervour of faith rarely known among those generally called Christians. The Mahommedan also believes with uncompromising fidelity that Jesus was miraculously conceived, that He is " the Word which He cast into Mary, and a spirit from Him " (Koran), that He alone of all the human race performed miracles, and when he shall again be heralded and again appear will convert European Christians from their one error (belief in the Trinity), and gather them with Jews and Moslems into one divine kingdom, of which He will be King. In a letter from Dongola (Daily News, 1st May) it is related that when certain Austrian priests and nuns were threatened with death unless they would abandon their religion, one of them said to the Mahdi, " You say that Christ is to come and join you to aid in making the Mahommedan religion universal. , Then let us live until Christ comes and tells us to follow you." The Mahdi agreed, and gave orders for their release. I was in- formed by one who has seen Osman Digna that the cross is conspicuous upon his dress in front, and a cross on a blue ground is on the scull-cap of the Mahdi's soldiers. The dervish-cassock which the Mahdi recently sent to General Gordon, with the request that he would be converted and wear it, and which the general kicked across the room, no doubt had the cross upon it. It is possible that if the impulsive general had worn it, and visited the Mahdi, he would have been welcomed as a brother Mahdi, if not a higher personage. General Gordon's views of Christian doctrine and history and of his own " mission " are called peculiar, but they are such as would readily be understood by a Druse of Lebanon, or by any Moslem of the Soudan. Since such preachers as Bulwer's "Olin- thus overspread Italy and found their " message "—the approaching end of the world—confirmed by catastrophes, of which the destruction of Pompeii was the last, there has been a great separation between Semitic and Latin Christianity. The latter recovered more and more the characteristics of Aryan religion, images, arts, rites, meta- physics. But there was a Semitic Christian development, and it is especially represented by these Moslems in Africa. Anyone who, by historic imagination, can place himself back in the period when the burning themes were the Man of Sin—crowned in the person of the destroyer of Jeru- salem the same year that Vesuvius rained fires on later Cities of the Plain—the struggle between Christ and Antichrist, the coming Messianic kingdom—will realise the ideas and expectations amid which the humble Soudanese are living to-day. There have been oppressions enough to keep alive Pharoah and the taskmasters ; and no doubt recent earthquakes in Italy, Turkey, and England are as significant to these primitive Christians as that at Herculaneum in the first century was to Jews of the Ghetto. "What forces have attested the Moslem mind in a phase of primitive faith known among ourselves only through some occa sion ?" Second Adventist or other " rever sion ?' European and Moslem Christianity differed from their parent Judaism in being proselytising creeds They both found in their sacred records instruction to smite un- believers. While Buddhism, which never shed a drop of blood, has converted more than half the human race, these two variants —reverencing the same patriarchs, prophets, angels, and Messiah—came into a feud which rendered conversion of one by the other equivalent to national as well as religious disloyalty. Although anti-Trinitarian move ments among ourselves may inspire the Moslem with renewed faith in his doctrine, any Trinitarian development among Mahom medans is impossible Unhappily European Christianity his hitherto touched Islam chiefly with its superstition and its antago nism The Mahommedan need only go to the nearest nomadic missionary to hear dog mas that confirm his fanaticism, -while by centuries of antagonism, by our false stereo- typed epithet ("Impostor" ) for his Prophet, we have built a wall between him and our- selves impervious to the peaceful sunshine which Northern Christianity his gathered in 1000 years The Christianity which so long warred with Islam for the sepul chre of Christ no longer exists. Eng land would not now shed one man's blood for the sepulchre of Christ , but the quincentenary of Wycliff's death may remind us that the Christ who with him rose from the ecclesiastical sepulchre, where- in his spirit slept throu0h crusading cen- turies, is represented in no changed attitude towards tho Moslem Christian. He can readily see that Christ in Christendom is throued in purpie and gold but the lowly " Isa, the Son of Mary, he feels to be on his side The Soudan Mahdi sleeping on the ground sees a ladder to a new paradise, and does not envy the English Mahdi in his palace. Contemptuous of the worldly king - doms which the triumphant tempter has shown us from a high mount, the Moslem believes he has chosen the better part that shall not be taken from him When Francis Newman (now Professor) went as a missionary to Aleppo, a Mahom- medan carpenter, who had listened patiently to his conversation, replied " God has given to you English a great many good gifts You make fine ships, sharp pen knives, and good cloth and cotton ; and you have rich nobles and brave soldiers and you write and print many learned books (dictionaries and grammars), all this is of God. But there is one thing that God has withheld from you and has revealed to us ; and that is the true religion, by which one may be saved." The young Oxonian found himself silenced. "His position towards me was exactly that of a humble Christian towards an unbelieving philosopher; nay, that of the early Apostles or Jewish prophets towards the proud, cultivated, worldly wise, and powerful heathen ' Through many centuries the inflexible, unquestioning unity of belief in the Moslem world was a source of strength, and even a condition of survival, to a race. But that which was once an advantage has become a disadvantage. Since the Sufis were exter minated there would appear to be no scep tical or inquiring Mahommedans. At tho same time, it becomes increasingly plain that the Moslem conception of the universe and of the world is wrong, and that to maintain it against the experience and science of Christendom tends to become an insanity. The Moslem Christian in the less civilised regions seems prepared to hurl himself against the walls of fact and neces sity. But has not European Christianity largely helped to imprison the mind of its nomadic brother in his fatal error ? Is it not Jacob with his comfortable flocks who has driven Esau to the moun tains. It was Christendom chiefly that made Moslem fanaticism a factor of survival And now that the most powerful of Chris tian nations has virtually inherited the throne of Akbar and the throne of the Pharoahs, there is an opportunity of revers ing the dismal traditions of enmity between Northern and Moslem Christianity. If " the Spirit of Christ means anything in England to day beyond what " the tomb of Christ meant to the Crusader, it will now make itself felt among those humble tribes whose blood is kindred to His own. And now that as they watch and pray for his appealing their prayer can only be answered by a crowned Christ from the North—now that England is compelled to become the earthly providence to these poor and ignorant millions--it were a simper sarcasm than Voltaire ever uttered should Isa come from his Northern throne to the region of his birth only to deliver up his lowly brothers to Turkish or Multiple or other taskmasters, or to crush their half-won piberties 