AS OCEAN WAIF. BY A SEAFARER. " I WAS second mate at the time," began Mr. Humphrey Roband, who related to us the following story," and our vessel was a bark, named the Eagle. We were bound from Newport, in Monmouthshire, to Cape Town, with a cargo of iron, and then we were to go on to Melbourne, and thence to Callao. Beside me, there were Captain Blackett, the^master, and Josiah Bitting, the chief mate, along with fifteen or sixteen hands forward, including the idlers; and, taking as all round!, I don't think that ever a better ship's company sailed out of an English port. There wasn't a foreigner among us; there was no growling,no loafing; everything was done quickly and with a will, and it was not only a pleasure to give an order, but a happiness to watch the execution of it. Well, we left Newport on a Monday afternoon, and went away down the Bristol Channel into the Atlantic Ocean, under all plain sail, in the finest of weathers. For near upon a fortnight there was nothing but brightness overhead and blue water under us,tnade feathery by the whipping of the breezes which blew, sometimes nor' east and sometimes nor' west, coming now and again a trifle fresh, but never so strong as to cause us once to furl the mainroyal day or night. We saw nothing of the trade wind till we'were in about latitude 20 degrees north, and then, after blowing us along for a spell, it failed us one morning with slowly falling glass and, a long, ugly grey swell coming out of the sou' west, and a sort, of dirty blue Bky filmed o'er with haze that might have passed for the .drainings from smelters' chimneys. Amid this the sun hung like a huge jelly- fish, a shapeless oozing of brightness, with scarce enough of power in him to put a streak of light into the brow of the swell that swung heaving up tall out of the near horizon, with summits that seemecl to be trying to wash the yellow staia he made out of the vault of the sky. There was a queer smell of decayed marine vegetable matter about, which came up in whifis when the rolling of the bark made white water alongside, and, spite of the sky being thin enough to let the ghost of the sun show through, there was a look overhead that made you think that, if it was night, you'd see green lightning playing about over the mastheads, like the dartings of the phosphorus from the ship's side in black water when you're in the tropics and the night lies dead upon the breathless bosom of the ocean. "Well, what these plain signs betokened came to pass right enough. The glass went on dropping, and the swell came along in a wilder and angrier roll, until at three o'clock that afternoon there was scarce more daylight visible than you'll find in the last lingerings of twilight ashore. We were snugged down to lower top-sails, the yards square, for there was no call to brace them one way or another when for hours there hadn't been a breath of wind, no, sir, not so much as to give a flutter to the vane at the royal masthead, saving what the barque gave herself by the sweep of her spars. All hands were on deck, standing by, knowing that something was bound to happen, but incapable of guessing from what quarter it meant to come. It was as much as we could do to see one another's faces. The strain on the spars and rigging was something fearful with the rolling, and in the gloom overhead you could hear the creaking and complaining, the squealing of sheaves, the groaning of parrals and trusses. At four o'clock, or thereabouts, the wind swept down upon us in a body, right in the wake of the swell. It was wind at first, but it became a moving wall in a short time, and before the clewlines could be manned the foretopsail blew up and burst into smithereens, just like one of those elastic air-balls when Med too full. It was a terrible tempest. I, who have seeu some* fearful weather in my time, will take my affidavit that a worse storm of wind never raged than that. It picked the sea up and made wheels of the waves that looked—I don't say they were—but that looked to be forty or fifty feet high. The Eagle was full of iron, very deep, and labored heavily, taking in tons of water forward, so that the Tmderdeck forecastle was scarcely to be come at by the men through the scuttle. In the troughs, during the weather rolls, the barque would lay so far over to windward that it was enough to make the oldest seaman hold his breath to look at the curl of the oncoming sea, and speculate whether Jt was possible that she could hoiBt herself out clear of that terrific, white, roaring, flashing arch before it rolled its enormous volume clear over her. But the Eagle was a good sea-boat, having a flaring bow .that forced the head surges to throw her up, and a swell of the sides that made her cork-like on the lean of a twentyfoot hill of water. Had she been of the ordinary tank-shape it must have been all froth to ten feet above the mast-coats, with the watch on deck in the weather-rigging, and the master and mates keeping a lookout in the cabin and conning her by the telltale. " Fo.r thjee days we had terrible weather; then it broke, the wind veered to' due east, and after blowing a double-reefed topsail breeze for twenty-four hours settled away into the northeast and blew along steady and bright again into the trade wind. It was a Wednesday, the morning watch and I had charge of the deck. Daybreak found us under a foretopmast stun' sail, the sky clear, and the east, as green as moonlight with the dawn. The sea was calm, the trade clouds rolling in puffs of vapor athwart the stars overhead and in the west, and the horizon a line as black as you could produce by the sweep of a pair: of compasses dipped in India ink. I stepped over to leeward to have a look at the sea under the foot of the mainsail, and just then the arch of the sun jutted up and sent a long beam of silver light flashing across the ocean, the extremity, of which sparkled upon an object that appeared white and glistening in the radiance. It bore about four points on the lee bow. I fetched the glass and took a look. She was a vessel, of what rig J could not distinguish, but apparently under small sail. I put down the glass and waited a bit and then had another look. I now fancied I could detect signs of confusion aloft, but of this I could not yet be sure, though the small-canvas she showed made her appearance singular considering the fine weather. Just then Captain Blackett came on deck, and I reported the sail to him. He pointed the telescope at her and said: ' It seems a case of distress. Your sight's better than mine; have you made out anything resembling a color ? ' ' No, sir.' 1 Well, we will bear down and see what's the matter. Keep her away,' he called out to the fellow at the wheel; and at the same time I sung out to the watch to lay aft and brace the yards in a trifle. This was done, and the vessel brought about apoint on our lee bow. It was not long before we were able to make her out very plainly with the glass. It was now seen that she was a small, full-rigged ship, of about eight hundred tons; her three lower topsails and topmost staysail had been blown away, and her wheel and all boats were gone. She had black bulwarks, and lay very deep, as though full of water. In the lower mizzen rigging theEnglish ensign had been seized, union down, and there it blew, flickering like a flame, making as strong an appeal for assistance as ever a man could by waving his hands. Well, we shortened sail, and approached her, keeping a'sharp lookout for anything that should resemble a human being; but there was nothing in that way to be seen. There was a longish deckhouse aft, and the remains of another one forward. There was not much swell on, and she lay pretty quiet, giving herself a slowslant now and again that hove a space of her wet side into the sun and made her flash out like a beacon. • She looks to bs abandoned, sir,'says I to the captain. 'Why, yea, that's her appearance, certainly,' says he. ' But it's a fine morning; no harm can be done by your stepping aboard and giving her a brief overhaul.' So the bark's maintopsail was laid to the mast, a boat lowered, and three hands pulled me aboard the wreck. Two men clambered over the rail after me leaving one in charge of the boat. We stood a moment looking around. Her decks were full of raffle, ropes, staves, and casks, and the like, the main hatches were off, as if the cre w had bean jettisoning her cargo, her port bulwarks forward of the main rigging were smashed flush with the deck; and altogether she had the most wrecked and strained appearance that amost ever I saw in a vessel afloat. I put my hand to my mouth and sang out' Anybody aboard here ?' but the only answer thai, came was the sound, of the streaming of the wind through the rigging, and the bubbling and washing noise of the water over the side. 'No fear as to her not being abandoned, sir,' said one of themen. 'An empty coffin could'nt be more destitute of- life.' I stepped to the door of the deck house and looked in. There was no appearance of ( injury here. A table went down it, with .fixed chairs on one side and a locker on the other, and on the port side was a row of cabins, five or six, I think. The door of this deck-house swung open, and I and the two men peered in, and then says I, ' I'll just step in and see if I can come across any papers" belonging to her,' for I must tell you there was no name on her bows, and whatever might have been written on her stern was under water; but scarce had I uttered the above observation when a sort tof thin, wailing cry came from one of the cabinis. ' Hello !' says one of the men, ' the crew has gone and left poor pussy bshind. ' Pussy 1' says I, who had caught the cry very clearly, and heard a note in it there was no mistaking ; ' that's no cat, lads. Follow me.' And I walked straight to the cabin, from which the sound appeared to come, and opening the door, saw just the kind of sight my mind seemed to have been prepared, by the cry we had beard, to witness. The cabin was a bit of box with a shuttle over the topmost of a couple of bunks. There were some female garments on tlje deck, along with an infant's feeding bottle, broken, and a few other domestic odds and ends only met with at sea when there are women aboard. As we entered a second email, wailing cry came from the upper bunk, and, looking, we spied a dead woman in it, with her right arm cast round a baby nine or ten months old. It was impossible to tell that she was dead till we drew close and saw the signs plain. She was a young woman, not more than twenty-six or twentyseven, the hair yellow, and in life I don't doubt she had been pretty enough, but now her face was so strangely white that she might have passed for a figure worked in plaster of Paris. The baby was too young to sit up; he lay—it was a boy, sir—he lay'in his dead mother's arm, giving now and again the -queer cry we had heard, the wail an infant utters after it has exhausted itself in crying for hours. I picked him up out of the bunk, and found him wet through, and his flesh like stone for the cold. His mother's clothes—if the woman were his mother, which I don't doubt—were streaming wet, too, and this made us suppose that she had been driven from the deck by the washing water, and had entered her cabin and lain down to die there. " The men spoke hurriedly about how it came to pass that these two should have been left alone in the wreek. Who was she ? I said there was no accounting for what happened at sea. She might have been the wife of the master, who was drowned in the storm, and left no one to look after her; or all hands might have perished in getting the boats over, or the crew might have forgotten her when they put off; there was no telling. There lay the woman dead, I said; and I gave the baby to one of the men named Nipper to hold whilst I pulled off my coat to wrap the little chap up in, for he trembled like a shivering bird with the cold, and kept on wailing, as if our handling him and the sound of our voices had put a bit of life into* him. We looked hurriedly into the other cabins, but they were empty, and we could find no papers. There was no good bringing the dead mother along with us to bury; the ship she was in was her rightful coffin, and being very deep, with her main hatch open, I rightly reckoned that the next bit of sea that got up would sink the wreck fast enough. I don't say as I didn't mumble a prayer as I came away holding the little chap. It was an affecting sight to see that young woman lying there so lonely—quite recently dead, as we might suppose by her little one being alive; and when-1 took a last peep at her I almost felt as if she knew that, I was taking her baby away from her. We handed the infant into the boat, and shoved off for the barque that lay hove to waiting for us about half a mile to leeward. ' What have you there, Mr. Roband?' sings out Capt. Blackett, leaning over the rail. ' A baby, sir,' I answers, and I pulled my coat a bit open to let him see the little face inside. 4 Well, well,' cries he, tossing his hands. ' Look sharp and get aboard." All hands were looking over the side when I handed the baby up, and there went a deal of hoarse whispering among the men as they pressed forward to see the waif. I carried him to the captain—the worthiest man, sir, with the tenderest heart that ever sailed a ship; he pulled off his cap as if awed by the misery and suffering that was typified by the bairn, and his eyes filled with tears as he gazed down upon it. 'And the mother lies dead yonder, Mr. Roband ?' says he, pointing to the wreck. ' Ay, sir,' says I. 'God receive her!' says hq. ' D'ye understand the management of babies, Mr. Roband?' 4 Why, I have two of my own,' I answered; 4 but I was so much away at sea when they were little ones that I can't say I ever had a chance of watching what my wife did to 'em to keep 'em healthy. But what we have to do with the baby," says I,' is to feed him and get him "warm at once.' ' Then take him below—take him below, Mr. Roband,' cries the captain in a tremulous voice. ' Give him your attention, sir, and never mind about your duties until you've got this poor little creature into shipshape condition.' Well, I carried him to my cabin, and sung out to the steward to help me undress him, for the thought of handling this frail and delicate object alone unnerved me. I'd any day rather have the job of taking in the masts of a two- thousand-ton ship than the handling of a baby for ten minutes. Both the steward's and my fingers were squareedged, and we had to be very careful in hauling out the safety pins and clearing the little chap of the things he was dressed in. He cried so that I was in agony, making sure we were hurting him; but the steward said: ' No, I knojw the nature of infants; it would be unnatural if they didn't cry; it's a fashion their lungs have of growing.' ' Are you sure?' says I. -' Cocksure,' says he; 'haven't I seven of my own, Mr. Roband ?' Then the baby was wrapped up in one of my flannel shirts, that being softer than any blanket we had aboard, the steward went and warmed some Swiss milk at the galley fire; and while I was sitting waiting for the steward, with the baby lying on my knees, the captain comes in. ' God help this poor little one!' says he; ' what age would you take him to be, Mr. Roband ?' ' Not a year old,' says I. ' Not a year old!' he cried; ' how wonderful are the ways of Providence that a tiny bubble of humanity like this should be left unharmed by a storm that, maybe, has drowned all the rough and sturdy fellows who filled that vessel. It's like seeing an iron ship beaten to pieces by seas amid whose hollows you observe the little stormy petrel securely flying.' The steward arrived with the warm milk and a spoon, and we turned to feed the baby. I tried my hand, but it was no good; I couldn't get the milk down his throat; it capsized down his neck, and his being ravenous and crying made the job more difficult. ' Here, give me hold, sir,' said the steward; so I put the baby on his knee. Well, he knew more about it than I, and got a fair caulker of milk into the little 'un, and after a bit the little chap fell asleep, whereupon he was laid down in my bunk, and there he was, quiet enough. ' Sir, we had some hopes of his thriving after this. He was a sort of .a trial in his way, for he wanted washing and dressing and feeding and looking after, and it came hard upon us who hadn't the fingers nor the understanding 'for such work. He was a beautiful boy. I never saw finer eyes in an infant; blue as the heavens under which we were sailing, and lovely a little, figure, sir. Sometimes when it would come to my turn to undress him I'd let him he naked on a flannel shirt stretched across my knees, and tickle him and make him laugh, until the dropping of a tear, like a parched pea, down my cheek, would make me feel that I was acting the fool, and allowing thoughts of my home and this bairn's loneliness to trouble me too much. He had but the clothes we found 1"'™ in; so the Captain and I gave each of us a soft calico shirt to one of the men forward, a neat hand with the needle, a chap named Claw, to make into a couple of suits of linen for the baby; and this and a knitted waistcoat and a swathing of flannel round his little starn and legs kept him tidy and warm and comfortable. We all got mighty fond of him. We'd bring him on deck and lay him in the fold of a sail or on the ensign when the weather was fine and warm, and then you'd see him kicking up his legs in the sunshine, toasting his tiny toes in it, and looking at his fingers and talking to himself. He made the. bark more human than ever I thought a vessel could be rendered. He begot a strong home feeling in us all, and you'd see the moving fancies he'd put into the men as they'd creep aft—and I never pretended to notice them— to have a look at the little 'un. Many a stream of tobacco juice I've seen them squirt overboard from the quarterdeck after watching the baby, as. if their hearts were too full to suffer 'em to wait until they got forward to expectorate. But one day, sir, there came an end to this. It must have been the cutting of a tootl}, I think. He had a fit, but pulled through it, and we thought him all right, and I left him sleeping and looking comfortable enough in my bunk while'I went on deck. We were then in latitude 28 degrees south, in the tail of the trade wind. I had been on deck two hours, when the steward came up through the companion, and, approaching. me slowly and speaking very solemnly, he says: ' Mr. Roband,' he says, ' little Jimmy,' that was the name he went by. ' Little Jimmy,' he says,' has gone to jine his. mother.' I started and said: ' What's that you say?' He answered:. 'Our little un's dead, sir.' I ran below and found the captain in my cabin looking at the baby that lay a corpse in my bunk. I had grown wonderfully fond of the bairn, sir, and the sight broke me down, and one or two heaving sobs came from me, no more to be helped by me than the tightness in my throat. ' Oh, sir, it was as if a beautiful little Indian bird that you had cherished and looked after had died of the Cape cold in spite of your love. Only this was an immortal being, a fellow creature, a little baby that we had plucked frsm the very brink of an ocean grave into which his mother's dead embrace was dragging him; and we had learned to love him.' 'He is gone!' said Captain Blackett; ' 'tis God's will, [Mr. Roband. We did our duty by him—we could not have done more? ' We may take it, sir, that his mother wanted him,' says the steward. 4 Ay, steward, and her entreaty has been answered,' says the captain, with a glance aloft. " I could not take any hand in equipping the little mite for his funeral. , I was too much upset, sir. The sailmaker made a tiny hammock for him, and they put his hands together, and smoothed the little wreaths of yellow hair upon his head, and dressed him in clean things, and, before he was stitched up, all hands lay aft to say good- bye, and ne'er a man among them that entered the cabin but stopped to give the "little cold face a kiss before leaving. We kept him till next day, and buried him after eight bells had been made. It was a green, windy, glistening morning; the emerald seas ran «t ub, melting in froth as they came, and the shadows of the men gathered around the gangway swayed at our feet as the bark rolled over the surges and the dancing sun darted beams like spears of light from the clouds through which he swung. Oh, sir I the contrast of that little hammock upon the grating, with the huge grave that was to receive it 1 The service was almost more than some of us could bear; I'd see the men turn their heads away and look down, and when at last it came to the passage that's a signal at sea for the tilting of the body into the water, we all let our breath out in a sob as the tiny hammofik sped like a snowflakeover the Bide and vanished in the slant of a sea whose breaking summit flashed a rainbow over the spot."— London Telegraph. 