WEST GoULnunn.--Tho ceremony of laying the memorial stone of Christ Church school building at West Goulburn was performed last Saturday after noon by Mrs. J. B. Carter. Thoe attendance num bored about fifty, and included tho lRv. Canon Soares, incumbent of the parish, and the jRevs. J: Auchinlech-lloss and If. Dunlop: The afterfiooia was cold and eq ially, and this probably interfered with the attendauce. The proceedings were com moenced by tie singing of a hymn, followed by prayers read by the incumbent. A lesson from the book of Haggai was read by tho lev. Auchinlech. loss, and was followed with prayers read by the Rbv. II. Dunlop.. The stone was then laid by Mrs. Carter, withl tho following declaration: "I lay this memorial stone of a building to serve the pur pose of a school, as also of a temporary church, for the parish of West Goulburn (and to bear the name of Christ Church School Building), to the honour and glory of the Holy, Eternal, and undivided Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen." Beneath the stone a bottle was placed, containing a parchment with the names of the bishop of the diocese, the incumbent, and the ofllice. bearers of the parish inscribed upon it. Addresses were delivered by the incumbent and the two other clergymenou present. An amount of £36 was laid on the stone. The building is situated on two allot. ments of ground, having a frontage to Addison street. The site is an excellent one, and was pur chased for a sum of £100. The building is of brick on stone foundations, and when completed will cost £018. After this there will be the fencing of the ground and the internal fittings to be paid for. Seating accommodation will be provided for about i0l persons. During the incumbent's late visit to BEngland he obtained £650 from friends, of which amount e£75 were paid to make up the balance for the land. PROPOSEeD cAILWAY FROv BOWvAL TO BOnEnSeor.. A deputation of residents of the districts around Bowral and iRobertson, accompanied by Mr. Garrett M.L.A., Dr. Tarrant M.L.A., and Mr. tIe Court M.L.A., waited upon the acting minister for works (Hon. G. R. Dibbs) on Friday afternoon, to urge the construction of a line of railway from Bowral to Robertson, or from Moss Vale to tRobertson, and that it should be included in the railway proposals which tihe government are about to lay before parliament. Mr. Dibbs said be would make inquiries as to the feasibility of constructing such a railway, and on. deavaur to arrive at a conclusion as to which of the two routes suggested would be the better one to adopt. lie asked if the residents of the district through which the railway would pass were prepared to give the laud necessary for the railway free of cost to tihe government, who, however, would fence both sides of the line. This suggestion the deputation did not appear to approve of, but lMr. Dibbs pro mised to obtain from the department of tile engineer. in-chief for railways all the necessary information as to the levels and cost of the proposed line, and said that if the railway could be made at a moderato cost he would submit the matter to the cabinet for their decision as to whether or not the proposal shlpuld be carried out.-S. M. Herald. TE?sDEs ACCeer'TEr.-Tho eUdermeutioned ten ders have been. acepted in connection with public schools:--Goulburu North--luepairs and improve ments, J. H. Bell, £75 ; Goulburn South--Wooden Building, (for girls), J. II. Bell, £525; Gunning Water-closets and Improvements, J. Page, £115; Marengo-Repairs and Improvements, A. Brown, £68; Jerrawa-Wooden Building, W. A. Branden, £159 10/; Gullen Flat-Water-closots, Fencing and Repairs, W. Spiers, £93 ; Barmedman - Weather. shed and lepairs, A. Brown, £59 2/. ELECTRIC CO0I)IUNICATION ON IAtILWAY TRAINS. A satisfactory mode of communication between the guard and passengers and the driver of a railway train has long been a subject of experiment. Recently the express trains between Sydney and Melbourno have been fitted with an electric apparatus. A boll is placed in front of the driver, with which all the carriages and the guards' van are placed in communication by means of a wire similar to a telephone wire. In each carriago a button is fixed, upon pressing which a small battery is set in motion and the electric bell rings, which is the signal for the driver to stop. Connection be. tween the carriages is made by means of a spiral wire covered with india-rubber, the necessary elasticity being thus given. The apparatus is of course intended only for use in case of accident or pressing danger, and is on no account to be trifled with. Should the experiment prove satisfactory, its application will no doubt be extended to other trains. New PUnBec SceoosL.-A public school has been established at Jindabyne. A shooting affray occurred at Waddai station near Darlington Point on Saturday morning. During a quarrel between some station hands, sa man named Leslio was shot in the arm. The occurrence is not likely to end fatally, but it is said Leslie is sure to lose his arm. The Pastoral Times (Doniliquin) says the first wool of the season passed over the bridge at Cowra last week from the Yathong station. 