Presbyterian Intercolonial Conference. Tbe fifth conference of representatives of the- Presby terian Churches of Australasia and Tasmania commenced its sittings in fct. Stephen's Church. Phillip-Btreet, at 11 o'clock on Wednesday morning.. The chair was occupied by theBev. John Gardner, .Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria. The firet hour of the sitting was devoted to a religions service, tn which the Revs, Dr. Macdonald (Victoria), E. Borke (South Austra lia). J. LvletTasmania). and C. M'Culloch (Queensland). took part. The Bevs. Dr. Nieh (Victoria) and J. Auld, M.A. (Ash field) were appointed to act a» clerks to the conference. The roll having been made 'up, it was found that the following delegates were present New South Wales — . The Moderator (Bev. J. S. Laing),- Bovs. Dr. Steel, Dr. Geekie, Dr. Moore White, 3. M. Boss, J. Cameron, J. Auld, A. Gardiner, G. Maclnnes, T. E. Clouston, R. ; M'Kinnon, A. S. Patereon, G. Grimm, P. Fitzgerald, B. Collie, 'A. M. Tait, J. T. Main, William Bain, J. H. Craig, and WilliamGardner, 'ministers, with the Bev. J. Cope land, and Messrs. J. H. Goodlet and W. Neil, elden. Victoria— The Moderator (Bev. John Gardner), Revs. Dr. Macdonald, Dr. Nish, H. M'Farlane, J. Weir, A. Hardie, ? A. R. Boyd'M'Cay, W. G. Fraser, J. D. Dickie, J. A. . Taylor, A. MacVean, J. Henderson, J. Fraser, W. H. . Holland, D. Frazer, W, Ross, ministers ; with Messes. W.^ Anderson, D. Fletcher, J. Baird, and A. Turnbull, ' . elders. Queensland— Bevs. C. M'Culloch and D. F. - Mitchell ;with. Messrs. D. Milne and A. Bag, elders. . South Australia— Keys. J. Lyall and £. Borke. Tas mania—Rev, J. Lyle, Some business of a formal nature having been dis posed of, Bev. Dr. Nish read the first portion of the report cn Union. He moved that they now confirm the principles embodied in the report, while they wonld have an Assembly of Qneensliuril, -another of New South Wales, . another fif Victoria, an Assembly of South Australia, and assemblies of Western 'Australia and Tasmania, tbey would also have what was known as a General Assembly of the whole Church. . That General Assembly might meet once a year, and it was suggested that for the' . present it should meet alternately in Sydney and Melbourne. ' It was not contemplated that the meetings of the General Assembly should always be confined to thoee two cities ; bnt that eventually it would meet in Brisbane, Hobart, and in Adelaide. But for the next year or two it might be deeir- ' able that the meetings of the General Assembly should one year be held in . Sydney,' and the next year be held in Melbourne. Whilst the General Assembly would .have a connection with the wholg/of the. $hnrc£e», and supervisi6n to a certain extentrof the bper&ohs; bf thi6 whole of the seperate assemblies— provincial assemblies he would liketa call them — although some objection had been .shown to the designation of 'provincial' — in order to distinguish between the General Assembly and the other assemblies. Well, each provincial assembly wonld have supreme con trol over ite church property, and its decisions would be final in all cases except in cases of alleged unsound doctrine. All cases of dispute, misunderstandings contention, or im morality .should be dealt with in the respective provinci il assemblies. The General . Assembly would have to look after the doctrine of the Church— the purity of its doctrine— and if it was to do so, it must in the first instance look after the purity of - the doctrine of the Church as laid down in the theological halls. They had the nuclei of what would eventually become theological halls in New South Wales and Victoria. It was to be hoped that those halls, or theological schools, would be under tbe direct control of . the General Assembly ; but if they attempted to deal with a minister or with property, the proposed General Assembly would find it was treading on very dangerous ground. The only point he would advise them not to touch— or at any rate to touch with a very gentle' hand— were the arrange* ments made in the respective churches for the support ofthe ministry and for the extension of the churches in their respective bounds. Bev. W. Grotxhiwater Fraser, Essendon, said that tbe report which had been received from the Presbyterian Church in New South Wales with respect to the proposals for the basis of union was indefinite. Therei was nothing in that report approving of any one of this proposals. Be fore thay proceeded any further the conference should have submitted to it a definite minute as to the facts of what the supreme courts of the Church had eaid about the matter. Bev. J. Cameron, M.A., said the whole matter would hinge upon determining the power of tbis proposed General Assembly. _ Whatever name they placed upon it, let them give it such a constitution as would hot destroy the outonomv of the diflerent churches, and then they would be satisfied.' Bev. A. M. Tait said that what they wanted was a com mittee appointed for the purpose of drawing up a statement showing at what the conference had arrived in the discus sion of that question, accompanied by a statement showing what was required to be done. Bev. C. M'Ctnxoctt, Queensland, said it would be with very great diffidence that he wonld support any proposal for an incorporated union. He felt that if they adopted the proposal to establish a General Assembly, and to ha vie pro vincial assemblies, it would be almost impossible to preserve the autonomy of the ohurches. The distanoe to Queens land waB so vAy great it would be almost impossible for delegates from that colony to give regular attendance at the proposed General Assembly. He considered it wonld be absolutely impossible for Queensland to take her proper share in the management of the General AsBemblyi snd, to illustrate his view, spoke of the legend of the dwarf who was married to a giant. To his mind it was extremely doubtful whether tha cumbrous ap paratus wonld work well, and whether it would work well for the Church in Queensland. Bev. Dr. Geikie deprecated one Church standing aloof and then another felling off until there would be left only the Churches of Victoria and New South Wales to enter into the nnion. The proposed union would not in any way interfere with money matters or local discipline, bat each Church would remain as it was at present. Mr. Raff (Queensland) Baid the Queensland Church was not opposed t6 union, but was ia favour of nnion, provided it was underetopd.what that union was to be. The people in Queensland were afraid that it was to be an incorpora tion. Bev. C. M'Culloch moved as an amendment,—' That the recommendation from the committee on intercourse with other Churches of the Presbyterian Churches of New South Wales (which was as follows:—' 1. That inasmuch as various views as to the nature and extent of the proposed union. exist, the conference proceed to consider the same, and the question of supreme jurisdiction and authority as preliminary matters firet to be determined. 2. That when these questions have been determined, the conference do then proceed to consider the regulations suitable to the character of the proposed nnion ') be first taken up and settled.' He urged that some definition should be given of what was meant by ' federation.' After further discussion the debate was adjourned until Thursday, and the conference then adjourned to meet again in the evening. EVENING SITTING. The meeting of the conference was resumed at 7 o'clock in the evening, when there was a large attendance. The chair was occupied by the. Moderator of the General Assem bly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales (Bev. James 8. Laing)^ The minutes of the morning sitting having been read,, attention was directed to the fact that the amendment moved by the Bev. C. M'Culloch had been omitted. An explanation waB made to the effect that the amendment had not been recorded because the conferencc had in reality entered upon the course Contemplated by the amendment, and therefore there was now no necessity for dealing with the amendment. r Bev. James Cameron, M.A., acting convener ef the committee on intercourse with other churches, explained that the meeting that night was not exactly for the transac tion of business, bnt was rather a meeting to afford an opportunity of tendering a welcome to. the distinguished brothers who had come from the other colonies. The Chairman, addressing those by whom he was sur rounded, said Brethren of the Presbyterian name from the sister Churches of Australia, the agreeable duty devolves upon me of offering to yon a cordial welcome in the name of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. We rejoice to meet so many representatives of the Church of Victoria— brethren who occupy influential posi tions in the counsels of their own Church, ana are deservedly esteemed for their attainments and abilities. We owe much to the brethren in Victoria for their zeal in thiB matter, and it would be ungracious not to acknowledge the vigour and ability they have thrown into the project. Ours must be a friendly rivalry— provoking each other to love and to good works. We also cordially welcome the brethren : holding honourable office in their respective Churches, from the more distant colonies of Tasmania,' Queensland, and South Australia. We feel inclined to think all the more pf . their presence here, as we call to mind the long and fatiguing travelof the in journey to this city. It does not devolve upon me to say much as to the actual business of the conference, or to anticipate the duty which belongs to those who have that business in hand qnd who will lay it before yon in detail, bnt I may say that we have surely passed the stage at .which a free interchange of ideaB is all that is neces sary. Asmy dutynowiBsimplyto offer the salutations of the Church to the brethren from afar, which I do most heartily, I shall be brief for a welcome long drawn iB apt to be em barrassing if not wearisome; and I shall conclude by say ing that, -as Christian men, we may rightly hope and pray that the divine blessing may rest upon this oonferenoe, that the same cordiality and harmony which have characterised former conferences may abound among us on this occasion, and that the spirit pf love and truth may guide us ia all our deliberations.. (Applause.) The Bev. S. Gardner, Moderator of Victorian General Assembly, spoke in an impressive manner of the beneficial effects which should flow from a conference of the Presby terian ministers of the Australasian churches. He then referred to the experiences which the Church in Victoria had recently passed through. They had had upon them the shadows of a very stormy tempest. They were still passing through the tempest; out amid all those changes ana through all those ecenes there had been walking with Ahem, - as was the case with, regard to. the Jewish children of whom they' read, one like . the Son of God. They did cotre«d that those three Jewish children saw the One who walked with -them. They might not see with the . eye of sense the help under which they went forth— with the help of tbe Lord — against the mighty, but it was felt He had no doubt that when the storm passed away, as he - trusted it coon would, they would be able to ponder over . that passage in Acts ix., 31—' Then had the Churches rest throughout all Jndea and Galilee and Samaria, and were edified; and, walking in the fear of the Lord and in the i comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied.' Well, give Mm the storm at any time, notwithstanding tdl thesqueam* ishness of the press and other critics— give him the tempest with all its vividness and reality — give him the tempest thepaft. (Applause). ?- Bev, C. M'CciLOCH (of Queensland) deli vsred an inter esting address with respect to the work done in Queensland, and appealed for pecuniary assistance from the Church of New 8outh Walea for 'lier little sister,' the Church in Queensland. ! . , Bev. J. LYaix f Moderator of the. Church in South Australia) said tbat Presbyterians in that colony werb strongly fa favour of the proposed tmion. They wfere not afraid of their 'tig brothers,' Victoria and New South Wales. (Hear, hear,): They had no fear that this pro jected union would do' any harm. They expected nothing ' butgoodtocomeof it, and expected that it would strengthen . the position of Presbyterians in South Australia, and they in that colony hoped to bring some contributions which would help the Church as a whole. The union would, for instance, instead of confining the influence of the Bev. Mr. M'Culloch to Queensland, enable him to use the influenoe he possessed throughout the churches in Australasia. (Hear, hear.) The gifts possessed by individual churches * would become the property of the whole; their sympathies would go out through the whole Church, and would be of unspeakable value to every part of it. He might say that . they cordially sympathised with the position in which their brethren in Victoria were placed at the present time in reference to the Soots* Church Bill. (Great applause.) They would look npon it as a disgrace to the Parliament of - Victoria if that bill were carried— 'Renewed applause)— and they would be furprifed if that bill was not thrust ignominiously out of the Parliament. (Applause.) The object of the union they proposed to enter upon was not dis integration, bnt strengthening,- buHding up. At the present time there was in the various colonies a good deal that was tending in the way of disintegration. There was that bill he had referreid to.' That, he thought, tended a good deal in the. way.pf disintegrating the Church. There were other agencies which tended in the same direction. He referred to the evangelistio agencies which were the peculiar feature .of the present age, and a great many o-f which were conducted outside their Church organisations, and the result of which was not always favourable to the strengthening; of the Church. Bev. J. Lylb (Tasmania) referred to the history oi the Church in Tasmania. There they had not only storms, bnt tempests, and the Bev. J. Gardner had had something to experience from them, but was still vigorous and doing a very good work. Although the Church had passed through storms and tempests, they believed they had a bright and prosperous future. (Applause ) Bev. A. H. Stobo (fnvercargill, N. Z.) described the work of the Presbyterian Church in New' Zealand. Bev. Dr. Geikie, in . speaking ef the contemplated union, said the next best thing to being strong yourself was to get hold of a man' who was strong. The nest best thing to, being a strong organisation was to connect yourself wifh a kitdly vigorous hearted unity, and get connected with the benefits which flowetLfrom that unity. (Applause ) A vote of thanks having been passed to tl^e speakers, the doxology was eung and tbe benediction pronounced. 