OUR MELBOURNE SPORTING LETTER. (FROM OUR ows COREroSPOc.DET.) Tops is out and marbles is in" was the old ungrammatical saying, "when we wcre boys together." And now we are no longer in lace-draped petticoats, still we follow out the ideas of our youth, and exemplify the old saw, that " the boy is father to the man" in that we now express ourselves by noting that "' the leash is out and the rein is in." To drop metaphor, however, this preamble means that coursing is now now a "thing of tihe past," so far as this blessed year of our Lord 18S4 is concerned, and that we are now once more seriously interested in that great British pastime which is so much beloved by tile representatives of the " right little, tight little island," in this bigger island of ours, which geographers distinguish by the title of the " fifth Continent." As the sport of coursing is not dead, but only sleeping, the quotation--ld morlirr, nil nisi bonumri can hardly lie said to apply to it. andil therefore I may be excused, if, as an old coursing man. not only on these shores, but on the "home of sport," I enter some what into a criticism of the past season's performances. Some dozen years ago the sport of coursing was introduced hby some lovers of the leash, and b ing a new fangled idea, it was immnediately seized on by our "lords of creation," as something worth patronising, for by it they conul gain plenty of kudox without risking too vast a quantity of tile "siller," as many had found to their cost to be the case with that noble sport of kings-lhorse racing. They argued that once they had the possession of a greyhound it would cost about half-a-sor a week to train it, instead of live or six times that amount as was required to bring out man's other best friend "fit to run for a man's life." The glory of having one's name tacked onto the list of Waterloo Cup winners, was almost equal to that of owning a Melbourne Cup itinner. " fuecli glory, little cost;" and thus tie sport flourished for a time. Those great hilnd proprietors, Mesrs Clarke and Chirnsides setting a portion of their vast estates apart for the gratuitous use of the gamle. Tihe sport went merrily on, judges were introduced from England, sportsmen with plenty of backbone imported the most fashionable " blood" existing in tile old country, and dreams were fondly enter tained by sonme enthusiasts that not only could we breed a dog that would astonish the old world, hbut, even that coiurers in that dilapidated old spot would fly to Aus tralia to find such climate, such coursing ground, such judges and such officials as could not be produced in the sea-girt chores of old Englandl. But a change has come over the reene. Quite nine-tenths of these colonial nabobs i who supported the leash have fallen away from that love they professed for it, and the melancholy fact remains that coursing in Victoria is on the wane. Yetthe answer is not difficult to find. In tihe old days when it was necessary to tramp for hour I after hour there was ever some excitement in tle waiting and watching for the welcome " so ho," and chiefly was there the glorious uncertainty that the owner of the worse dog in slips lmay, through sonime lucky accident, obtain the verdict. There werealwaysthese , little affairs that made owners of the lonug tails live on hope that his favourite may n bring grist to tile mill by accidentally Iowl ifg over some great pot. But all these expectitions have been knoc!:ed on the head by the introduction in our hand of that sys. tern of enclosed coursing grounds, inaugu rated Iy Slr Tom Case of Plmrpton, in cus sex. Here, if the judge be perfect, tile best dog must win. No uncertainty about it. Unless the courser possess a good greyhoundl ihe knows it is useless entering him with a big entrance money on these enclosed grounds, and so, as he has not got the pluck or tile coin necessary to compete with the squattocrats, lie gets rid of the few dogs he has in the speediest manner possible. Is there" any remedy for this ? I helieve there is, and a very simple one, for tihe effect of one trial has proved its effieacy. It lies in the fact that a reduced entrance money is absolutely necessary; and this was fully exemplitied at the late Sherwood Park meeting, when Mir J. B. Scott had full entries for the stakes run off on his pretty little ground, whereas the powerful Victoria Club svwas very modestly supported on theirI oval tile samne week, because they main tained their conservative tactics of having big entrance money. They must take care of this matter inl framing their programme for next season, otherwise it will not require I a prophet to predict a rank failure amongst the "fathers of the leash." Since its introduction, no two men have been stauncher supporters of the leash than tihe Hon. Wm. M'Ciulloch and Mr ftobt. Chirnside, and it is indeed gratifying to chronicle tile fact that their respective ken iels have been to the fore in nearly all the good stakes run for thirs season. Tile two blue ribbons of tile leash, for instance, have been won by them, for tile N.S.W. Waterloo Cup was won by tile Glenroy representative -Moonsoon, for whom M1r 1M'M1'Culloch gave a Iig.sum last season after this great son of Chester had won the V.C.C. Derby, whilst the same clog occupied the position of runner-up in the Victorian Waterloo Cup, to Mr Chirnside's imported son of Bedfellow and Aunt Martha-Melfort, who hadl pre viously distinguished himself on British soil. I say it is satisfactory to know that such enthusiasts have carnned their reward, and the hope of every true lover of the sport, is that they may again be to the fore. Some of tile clubs which once made a big splash have deteriorated muchly, especially tihe A.C.C. and Ballarat C C., whilst the North Gippsland has shone with great bril liancy. It is noticeable that the two former stick to high entrance money, whilst our friends of the " new province" go for the sport, not troubling much about the dollars, their entrance money only being enough to cover tile expenses of the training of the winner. .May such patriots flourish. But coursing is now synonymous with sour grapes, for we cannot get any. Therefore I go to wield the sword's conqueror on wlat we can obtain-racing. Surely we have a plethora; for every Saturday for some three months to come is engageld by some metro politan or suburban turf club. Certainly the season has commenced, and a more calami tous bIeginning was never seen except for the wielders of tile magic pencil, wsro geqepally come cet square ill the end, whichaever way thie issue may bire. As I prqer?nr my readers know, the ab soL:tty legitimrnate racing season always coinmences with the usualy pleasant meeting on the banks of the Hawkesbury River, 'hrere the principle eventis tile HRarkesbury morI Handicap of Ilmiles Igtirisevr(at the erstwlile. eigru 4Et cN Kew Zealand seas credited witf\ tlh top weight after the with dra?o: is "on ryoan, M.rtirra.lmn; s nrotsyitlrstaoding that the handsomest horse south of the lie was called upon to carry thie heavy impost of 9st, the dollars were put ldown very freely on this great scior of The Lible family. But there was a small cacoratchra buzzing about in thIe air, and the pen was put through his name to ithe intense disgust of everyone, for the SI horse was backed to win no less a sum than £30,000; and, nothwithatanding that he was knocked about like a shuttlecock in the market, there were still nibblers after the golden bait. Now, how did this all come about? As it has not yet appeared in prinnt, I will be the first to enlighten the gentle, confiding public. Know, then, that we have amongstourring masters two certain books, who hate one an. other, like a certain gentleman-well, you know the rest; and each of these said bookies is an owner of racehorses. Now No. I laid no less a sum than £10,000 to the hooky No. 2 that No. 2's horse would not win the Hawkcsbury Grand. Of course this at once sent the horse up in the market, and the noble No. I-who, by the bye, is one of the most progressive men in the ring-could not get round. So what does he do but hacks Sir Modred towin him to win about £15,000 at li to I. But then Sir Modred's owner became sore that he could not get anything like such a price against his own property ! so, a strokeof tile pen, and i; was done-No. I had lost a cool thou. for certain, without stanring anrything against the £10,000 which the lines in Iris book showed he still stood to lose. How. ever, he was in luck's way, for his dreaded wager fell to the ground, the winner turning up inthe despised outsider, Hastings. And then came a further series of pen dashes Malur and Off Color for the Metrop., and that greatest of all surprises, the victory of Sir Mlodred in the race, he not being thought to have a ghost of a show after his defeat in the Spring Stakes by Manlua and Off Color. And then again he non in a canter from these two in the Craven Plate of I1 miles. However, I am at the end of my tether. but in my next I shall have something more to say on this matter as well as on other sports. Howell, the celebrated English wheelman, on his two*wheeled steed, has just defeated Jolly, one of Englanl's fastest trotting horses, in a race of three miles. The S"port in; Life says :-"According to the articles, the horse was to occupy the trotting track (three laps to the mile), and Howell the bicycle path (four laps to the mile), and neither was to have anyassistance, save that the bicyclist was to start in the usual way. Upon the signal being given, the contestants were soon at work, Howell negotiating the first lap in 4lsees, and the half-mnile in Imin 27sees, while Jolly occupied Imin 2lsces for the first, and 2min Isec for the second lap on the big track. Up to this stage neither had gained any perceptible advantage, and, continuing at a similar rate of progress, the first of the three miles occupied just 3min, bicycle anl horse completing the distance to. gether. Entering the secidl mile, Jolly, Who was behaving in the best possile manner, increased his pace, anrd, notwithstanding that Howell spurted in the eighth lap, he was ten yards in the rear when the second mile had been accounted for by the horse, in 5mrin 59secs. (Howell's time, 6min.) Getting well into the last mile, the Iicycle cut through the winl andl rain at an increased pace, and, quickly equalising matters, lie came with a rush through the final lap, and landed an easy winner by fully forty yards. Time, 8 min 54sees, last lap l(quarter of a mile) occupying 42secs. The horse completed the distance in 8mrin 585 sees Good steady work has been the order of the day at Flemington during the past week (says'Asmoleous in the Lendlrr) and though the distinguished visitors have not yet ar rived on the scene of operations, there is metal attractive enough to well repay a visit to the training tracks. In view of approach contingencies, I notice that Jonathon has been furbishing up the furlong posts, and they now look quite gay with their red and white adornmennts. As was ever his wont, Joe Morrison is out before sunup, anl with out entering into details at present, it may be stated that the whole of his team, from The Broker downwards are looking bloom ing, the Derby colt especially coming in for gape-seed. The Messra Dakin have their charges in rare buckle, and though Con ingsby has been causing W. E. soime anxiety of late, I hope-should forestalling tactics not be adopted-to see the chestnut son of Hughenloun andl inno-.Mungie at the post for the Melbourne Cup. There are some owners, however, who are not content with scooping the pool and landing £12,000 or so over a six furlong flutter. but who take ad vantage of information surreptitiously gained to get on to a supposed good thing, and as rnunour hath it that Coningshy has been the subject of similar attentions, I shall not ie surprised to see the biters bit over the transaction. Fryingpan is looking splendid, and thumping weight though ,at 21b is over the Caulfield course, all going as well as at.present, he will cause the winner of tihe Caulfield Cup to stretch ihis neck. Of the other horses located at head quarters Robert the Devil, Signor, Conjecture, Guess work, and The Agent are all that conuhl ie desired, and, such youngsters as The Pencil and lProcida being a little above the average of Victorian flaribyrnong Platers, that the contingent at present at head quarters may more than hold their own at the spring re r,oiont now so close at halld. .SJrte Be1io, gives rll account of a race run at Forest, one of the suburba of Brussels, when the horse first past was made a hot favourite at the eleventh hour. It was known that the public, who were supposed to be ' in the know" with the owners, were going for the previous favorite, and tihe horse ill question came in an easy winner amid the groans and ironcal cheers ct the crowd. The scandal appears to have in fluenced the judge, who rquitted his box and refused to give any verdict or to place the horses. The consequence was that the race was declared null and void, and that the bet. made on the event were all off. Geelong occupies the premier position in tihe football contests this season, not having experienced a defeat. The others arcatpre seni as follows :-Easendon, Fitzroy, Ho Cham, South Melbournce, Melbourne, Carlton, and Williamstown. Clifford has accepted Beach's challenge to row for £500 a-side and the championship. lie is willing to row Hanlan on thie sanme termrs. 