WATTLE CULTIVATION, TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Scarcity of leisuro has prevented an earlier reply to the letter on this subject by " Wattle llioeson]." I may now, however, be permitted to point out that the figures quoted by this correspondent were antici ' * id criticised in my article of May 15. pated, and _ _ I do not fcr a moment deny that the profits anticipated by your correspondent might SoBsibly—nay probably—be realized; but I o assert emphatically that in order to realize them a different balance-sheet to that of the Victorian Wattle Commission must be presented. In order to get the full value for wattle-bark, this commodity must be sold in London, which involves the presence of more capital in the concern than if the produce be realized on locally. In my article I made one grave omission, viz., a reference to the in feriority of bark grown on limestone subsoil. This, however, would not handicap the in dustry to any great extent until tannic acid in place of the actual bark is recognised as the marketable commodity. I have to-day seen a letter from a wattle-stripper of My ponga, in which he affirms the practicability of stripping the trees at four years' growth with profit. This I do not deny, but I would point out that the district referred to is especially suitable for wattle cultivation, while my article was intended to deal with the matter from a general standpoint, viz., its adap tability to all the agricultural districts. It is unfair to compare wheat-growing with wattle cultivation, because the former has not a ghost of a show, the latter being the most profitable industry which presents itself to the agriculturist of South Australia in the year 1884. I am, Sir, &c.;, AUAUIA June 12,1884. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I notice in your issue of 14th inst. some remarks by "Wattle Blossom," which to my mind are very misleading. He says that 1,000 acres of leind growing at the rate of 400 trees to the acre would produce a total of 12,150 tons of bark, which I think to be ont of all reason, as that would be an average of about 70 lb. of bark to eaoh tree. Now, I have lived for about nineteen years among wattles of nearly all ages and sizes, and never knew a tree to produce anything like that weight of bark, much less to average such a weight. At the same time I know it is high time that something besides wheatgrowing should be done, but in tiying to induce others to launch out we should be very careful as to how we represent thingB, as by not being careful we may induce others to speculate in that which may prove^tobethejr ruin. X am, Sir, (See., (JLUSK UiJSIiKVISK. Sellick'a mil, June 16. 