OUR SPORTS?l LETTER. (FIroM 05o 1 OWN ContsroSPOXDEr.) " Tops is out and marbles is in " was the old ungrammatical saying " when we were boys together." And now we are no longer in lace-dracped petticoats, still we fillow out the ideas of our youth, and exemplify the old saw, that "- the -boy is father to the mall " in that we now ex press ourselves by noting that " the leash is out and the rein is in." 'To drop meta phor, however, this preamble means that coursing is now a " thing of the past " so fis' as this blessed year of our Lord 1881 is concerned, and that we are now once more seriously -interested in that great British past-time which is so much be loved by the representatives of the " right little, tight little island " in this bigger island of ours which geographers distin gitish by the title of the " fifth contin cut." As the Aport of cotrsi:g is not dead but only sleeping, the quotation-tdo moritds nil nisi bonumi-can hardly be said to ap ply to it, and therefore I may be excused, if, as an old coursing man, not only on these shores, but on the " home of sport," I enter somewhat into a criticism of the past season's performances. Some dozel years ago the sport of coursing was intro duced by some lovers of the leash, and being a new fangled idea, it was imme diately seized on by our " lords of ?rea-, tion " as something worth patronising, for by it they coutl gail plenty of :Kudos Wuithout risking so vast a quantity of .the " sillor, " as many had found to their cost to be the case with that ioble sport of kings--horse racing. They argued that once they had tle possession of a grey hound it sould only cost about half-a' sbo. a Wsteek to t'aint it, instead of five br six times that amount as was required to bring out man's other best friend " fit to run for a mati's life. The glory of having one's name tacked on to the list of the Waterloo Cup winners was anlmost equal to that ofowning al3felbourne Cup Winnler. " Miucis glory, little cost;" and thus the sport flourished for a time. Trhose great land proprietors, 'Messrs Clarke and Chirn sides, setting a portion of tlheir vast est ates apart for the gratuitous use of the game. The sport sent merriiy oin, judged were introduced from England, sportsmen with plenty of backbone imported the most fashionable '" blood" existing in the old country, and dreams were fondly enter tained by some enthusiasts that not only could we breed a dog that. would astonish the old world, buto even that coursers in that dilapidated old spot would fly to Aus tralia to find such climate, such coursing ground, such judges and officials as could not be produced in the sea-girt shores of 'old England. But a change has come over the scene. Quite nihe-tenths of these colonial nabobs who supported the leash have fallen aweay. from that love they professed for it, and the melancholy fact remains that coursing in Victoria is on the wane. Yet the answer is not difficnlt to find. In the old days when it was necessary to tramp for hiour after hour tlhere was ever some excitenment in the wanting and watching tli the teileoute "'i oa h.'' and chierly was there- tih.* glorious uncertainty that the ownaer ,i the wanse dog in slips may through smle luekly acciden?t lotain -thet verdict. 'IThli were alwras these little aflhirs that made owners of the long-tails live on hope that his th:,oriats may. bring grist to the mill by accidentally howling over some great pot. But all those oex ipecta'sions have been knocked on the head by the introduction in our land of -that systen of enclosed coursing grounds, in rauittted by Mfr T. Case of Plttuttpto1n, in Sussex. Here, if the jutdge be perfect, the best dog nmust winl. No uncertainty.about it. Unless the courser possssesse a good greyhound lie knows it is useless entering him with a big entrance money on these enclosed groanuls. and so as he has not got the pluck or the coin necessary to com pete with the squattt:tocrats, lie ets rid of the few dlogs he has in the speediest man noer possible. Is there any remedy for this ? I believb there is, and i very simple one, for the effect of one trial hasl proved its efficacy. It lies in the fact thati a reduced entrance imoney is absolutely necessary: and this wat fully exemplifited at the late Sherwood Park meet:ng, when t r. . B. Scott had full entries for the stakes rntu off on his pretty little ground, whereas the power .fill Victorian Club was v.rvy modestly sup ported or, their oval the amine week, be tactics of having big entry nouney.-'They must-take care of this-nmatter ini ftirnminj their progranune for next sea:so, other wise it will not require a. piophet to pre dict a rank fiilure amongsot the " fatheir of the leash." As I presume mb" readers know, the absolutely legitimate racing season always commences with the nusually pleasantt meeting on ithe links of the IHawkesbury Sliver, where the principal event is the lIawkesinry Grand :Handlicap of 11 mile. For this event the erst cha:npion of Nesw" Zealand was credited with the til tweight after the withdrawal of his counttrynutai, ifartin'i-lenri ; :and notwithstanding that the ihandsmnest horse south of the litm was called l1upon to carry- the hleaIvy it'po.st of lst., the dollars were put down -very freely on this great scion of The Tilblo fispsly. But theie was at small cacotii'atcha buzzing about in the :air, and the pen was put through his nI:e t tihe intense dis giust of everyone, for the horse was backedl to win no lIces -a suiti than £30,000; and notwithstandling that he i:t.s knocked about like a shuttlecock in the market, there were still nilblers after the golden bait. Now how did this all comei- abotft "c X it hias not yet appeared in print, I will ba the first to enlighten the gentle, condidindt public. Know, then, that we have amongst our ringnmasterA twvo Certainl hooks, who hate siltn another, like ,a cer tain gentlemian-well, you know the tlest and each of these said bookies is an ownei-r of racehorses. -Now, No. 1 laid nO less i smnt than .i10,000 to the booky. No. , that No. S's tor.ro would not swin- the Hihawke:lkniry Grauld. Of course, 'this at once sent the hoers up il ithe market, and the nobile No. 1-who, by the bye, in one of the most progressive rmien in the ring could not get roni-td. s?:i wha:t does he doi but backs Sir lodred to will him alto. gethler about .U15,000 a:s t 15 to 1. 'Bnt then Sir tuodred's owner became sore that Iha could not goet anything like such a price agiainst his isi piroperty ; so, r. stroei of tlid pe?l; siul i-vs-?a .....o--ce.o. I had lost a cool thou. for certain, witliouti -standinug aisythi-ig against the "10,00? which the lines in his llook shdwed he still stood to lose. HIowver, heL was in luck's way, for his drea:.lod wager fell to :tlhe grotund, the winner turning up in the derl pised outsider. ILHstings. And then -cal-n a further series of ,)n dlashers, M1alua tndl Of Color ltr the Metrop., and tllat greiotest of ill sunpises, the victory - of Sir MIodred in the race, Ihe not leing thought to have the ghost ofa shows after his se: feat hi the Spring Stakes by tfabl: sntud Off Color. And then again hie won i ai canter from these two in the Craven Plate of 1 mile. HIIowever, I amn at the end of my tether, but in my next I shall have something more to say oi thids matter, as well as oni other sports. 