Ml II€ km &M1L; The revival of ' Macbeth ' on a scale of magni tude and completeness never before attempted in Sydney iB a gratifying incident in the record of the doings at the Theatre Royal. Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove, have hitherto been content to give us opera bouffe, sensational dramaB, and modern fight comedies or society plays, but giving these with the best materials to be procured, and so raising the standard of the mounting,, scenic, and costume portions of the business that would ^ a few years ago have excited the greatest enthusiasm, but iB now calmly accepted as a matter of course. For manv vears Shakspeare has been terribly unpopular v ith managers, and whenever a short season has been attempted empty benches have been the reward. True, the recent efforts had little to command the support of the public, beyond the fine acting of one character, as in Mr. W. E . Sheridan's case, when usually the rest of the east were as far removed in essential qualification for their work as night is from the day. Mr. George Kignold's grand performance as Henry Y., with splendid, scenery and appointments, and an able cast to support him, .always receives the warm wel come of tire people, and is safe for several weeks run. But 'Henry V*' admits of so much spectacular effect that the delight of the eye is fed to the uttermost, and so many of the King's speeches appeal to the deepest sentiments of British patriotism that they stir the warmest national feelings. The tragedy of 'Macbeth,' with all its stern grandeur, kindles awe and admiration for the genius who wrote and for the artists who interpret his words; alone it stands in terrible sublimity, the portrait of tne naturally heroic impelled, by the agents of the Spirit of Evil to perpetrate a monstrous crime, and driven thereby to the succession of dire deeds which tread so quickly on each other. No words can exhaust its praises or lend a greater lustre to the genius which created it. 'Macbeth,'' musically, has an important history. According to Grove, first, it was adapted to new words, a tragedy, in three acts,' by Rouget de i'lsle and Hix, with music by Chelara, produced at the Academic, June 29, 1827, without I success; in London, at the King's Theatre, July 4, 1832. ? ?Second, asanopera, in four acts, the libretto by PiaveJ ' the music by Verdi, first produced at the Pergola,. Florence, March, 1847 ; - at Paris, with alterations, at the Theatre Lyrique, April 21, 1865. Third, Sphor wrote an overture (op. 75) for orchestra, in B minor. Fourth, the first act of an opera, ' Macbeth,' was. published by Yon Collin in 1809 ; and sketches by Beethoven for the overture (D minor, €-8) and first chorus therein are given by Mr. Nottebohm in Mus. Wochenblatt, 1879, No. 10. The music used for 'Macbeth,' which is a very interesting feature in the. present revival, dates from the time of Chjurles II. Sir 'William Davenant, who succeeded Ben Jonson as poet laureate in 1637, who had been page to the Duchess of Richmond and also to Lord Brooke, and who having fought for his King, was knighted in 1643, on the decline of the Royal cause went to France, was afterwards taken prisoner, and would have been put to death hut for the intercession of Milton. At the Restoration he obtained a patent to erect a theatre in Lincoln s Inn Fields, and determined amongst other changes to in crease the attractions, of ' Macbeth' for the public by combining with it music, improved scenery, and stage machinery. He died before the experiment was tried, Four years later, in 1672, his widow and son carried out his ideas at the new theatre in Dorset Garden. Downes, who was then, and for many years after, the prompter of the theatre, published in 1708 an ' His torical Review of the Stage.' In this he says ' The tragedy of ' Macbeth,' altered by Sir William Dave nant, being dressed in all its finery, as new clothes, new scenes, machines, as flying for the witches, with all the singing and dancing in it— the first composed by Mr. Lock, the other by Mr.' Channell and Mr. . Priest — it bring all excellently performed, being in the nature of an opera, it recompensed double the. expenses. It proves still a lasting play.' Following the course adopted in their manage ment of outer plays, the lessees of the Royal have placed ' Macbeth ' most worthily before the public ; grand and appropriate scenery in keeping with the results of historic research and traditions ; as re gards architecture and costumes, rich arrangements of primary colours, picturesque landscapes with a' weird grimness in that belonging to the witch scenes, the witches and their many attendants draped in sober gray, with veils of a mystic blue which heightens the supernatural aspect oi the surroundings. The electric light apparatus enables | the stage effects to be produced with especial com- ^ pleteness, so that while in most representations the * j witches excite ridieule, here all is so solemnly and j grandly arranged that the imagination is powerfully ; excited, and the dignity of the .tragedy heightened rather than diminished by the prominence- given- to v I these chief instigators of Macbeth's crimes. Much, however, as the scenery and music aid in the success of - ~ J the revival they would have been powerless without the J cornerstones in the presence of the artists who fill the ^ chief idles in the tragedy. Miss Genevieve Ward is : | pre-eminently fitted by nature and art to represent J the partner of Macbeth in his ambitious career. - * Decision of character and the power to rule others .' 'j are as much a part of her natural self as tire features - ] of her expressive face. She has evidently studied ' j the character of Lady Macbeth in every minute - 1 detail, snd she gives us the grandest impersonation ] which the present generation of English actresses lAs ~ j afforded, and one which it is difficult to believe can be ] surpassed. As regards length, the actual part of ] Lady Macbeth is a far less strain than 'Forget- I Me-Not,' or the 'Queen's Favourite;' but the j mental exertion is far greater ; in all there is the : - J one craving for power, though power of a differ- . j ent kind and in different ages ; in Lady Macbeth the - J first step is by blood, and by blood alone is the- power j sustained. The changes are marvellously delineated ; 1 in the eager expectancy with which she gathers '* J the news in her husband's letter, the rapidity -with 1 which she seizes at the first moment on the means ' - { by which the prophecy of the witches shall be J fulfilled, she reveals by every look and tone her j perfect mastery over all the subtle intricacies of the , V| ambitious woman. The speech in which, while re- T vealing her own character, she shows her thorough J knowledge of her husband's, was perfectly spoken ; * 1 the momentary caress as she welcomed the victor from. I the battle field, , and then the indomitable energy with 1 which she strove, to inspire her weaker lord, who 1 longed for greatness, yet feared to use the means by J which alone he could attain it. The winning courtesy J of her manner to +he king was irresistibly charming ; - I the recall of Macbeth to the banquet hall another - I glimpse of the true woman urging him on to that oourse ] from which there was no retracing ; then again her ~ 1 calm questioning as to the thorough accomplishment I of the -murder ; her own visit to the chamber to re- ' I place the daggers and besmear the Bleeping guards J i with the blood of the slain Duncan, and the gentleness '1 with which she leads the murderer to his rest. Finely ' 1 acted too was the return during the tumult, mid the , i collapse as the mental anxiety, relieved by the know- . 1 ledge that none lived to tell of the deed, allowed :fl nature to have its way, and she was carried ] fainting from the scene. The banquet was I a grand spectacle. The scene represents a - -1 spacious hall, beyond which the long line of v ] arches seems interminable ; the perspective is 1 excellent, the architecture, massive pillars supporting -I circular arches with a belt of stones placed at angles 1 for decoration; massive tables; the floors covered with. 1 skins, save on the dais and stepB, where crimson cloth 1 drapes the part set aBide for royalty. Macbeth, at \ I first grave, is roused to fury by Banquo's ghost ; and J here was another display of great power and charm, as 1 the queen, arrayed in regal robes, alternately 1 soothed her lord, explained and excused his I fit addressing her brightest smiles to the astonished 1 assembly. Then finding his madness would not be 1 restrained, how earnestly she met the difficulty, /I hastily despatched the guests, and in her gentlest 1 tones turned to the haunted partner of her guilt, not '1 with taunts or anger, but a ready excuse for his 1 strangeness ; he lacks 'the season oft all nature's, 1 sleep.' From the queen in her splendour to 1 the poor creature, unable to fight against fate, 1 unable to refresh herself by nature's- season; the 1 tortured being who left her couch and 1 wandered through the passages vainly trying to I wash the stain from the little hands, the change was -I terrible; the delineation was so powerful that the 9 great throng which filled the theatre in every, part 9 was spell- bound, and watched the face and hung 9 upon the words entranced. It was truly a triumph '9 of histrionic power, and places Miss Ward indis- — -j9 putably at the head of living tragediennes. Her. voice 9 is capable of many varieties and. modulations ; the . 1 wretchedness of the wailing sigh was- most heart- I rending, and the reference to the wife of: Macduff v- I showed that all the evils were present to her distracted! - * I brain ; and when she ceased her fruitless washing of I the stained hands, and, imitating^ the actionpf that V I terrible night, stretched out her arms, trying;to seize- j I Macbeth and lead him 'To . bed, to bad, to bed,' and- J I so. passed from sight, the applause that buret from, I all parts of the house was a very. smalL tribute- ' I to the grandeur of the pouxtrayaL Mr. W. Hi: .-I Vernon has also achieved a. genuine success gs . I Macbeth. His conception o£ the chaxacterhas- I little in common with the ranting, tearing -.. I versions of the old school. He is a hero, bravo . I and dauntless indeed; one who as he says I dares to do all that becomes a mar., who, yielding. t» ~ I ambition, by which angels have fallen, finds himself ~ I hurled' into a sea of troubles,, and ever enthralled - . I against his better nature, either by the predictions of -r I the witches or by the goading ambition of his wife. - - 1 His speeches are all' admirably delivered, hi& solilo^ . _ ' ; I quy beginning, ' Is this & dagger' intensely power- ~ ?* I iul.' In the banquet scene it is hard to say who is I best — Macbeth, in his frenzy, addressing the ghost, — ^ I Thy bones aie marnralese, thy blood is ooiit; '.* I Thou hast no Speculation in thoM eyes— |l or the Queen, in her suave courtesy, trying to still the ' I agitation. On the first night the last act flagged a . .|| little, but this disappeared on the second, and in the ' I action, as in the text, Mr. Yernon entirely satisfied I all. In bis dialogue with the physician during the . ?' I Queen's illness, his bearing and aspect, were adinir- ' . I able ; and again, When to his fast increasing load of . I sorrow came the newB of her death, there was a dazed ' I far-away expression of face which well accorded with - 1 the mournful words. The whole of this arduous part, - I with its constant changes, and the high pressure 1 which has to be maintained throughout is so 1 delineated that a lofty - and wonderfully effect- -. - 1 ire ideal is admirably worked out, and it is ? I a very large part of that crown of fame to which .. . I Mr. Yernon, in his profession, iB fairly entitled. I In costume, Mr. Yernon's Macbeth is for more artistic - | than any ever seen here. His dresses and those af I Miss 'Ward were designed by the Hon. Lewis 'Wing- , I field and prepared* by Auguste et Gie, and both ass ' ; | rarely executed. That worn by Miss Ward in tha ' I banquet is marvellous in - its beautiful simplicity. A - 1 robe of pale-blue cashmere, bordered with golclswn- j I demeath the crown a quaint head-dress of white : . 1 edged with gold, the long ends foiling over the ' \ 1 s-houlders almost like Persiansleevds ; an antique belt I end second circlet of gold with large jewe& ttotwa ' I connected with golden chains inlongcircttlair loops ; . I and over this a long robe of imperial purple bordered 51 with gold. The ladies of the Court are most artistic- i ally attired, the veils and dresses harmonising per- . - | fectiy in colour — no modern finery — but blues, ; | oranges, reds, and browns, in plain woollen fabrics, ' | with fine effect. At the discovery of the murder there | ? was a splendid tableau ; the ancient castle, with its ' J double staircase, which, at the sound of ..the , 9 alarm, was crowded with:, courtiers, ., soldiers, and the ladieB* their white ^robes - half - . -J9 covered with bright shawls, snatched heavily as U-rch |n hand they rushed from their bedchambers. The other parts are little more than shadows. Mr. £,N. Jones isa stately Duncan, Mr. Leake a good r Baaquo, Mr. Boothman rather too loud as Malcolm, _ Mr. Fentongood as Rosse, and Mr. Darvall as Sey ton ; Mr. Steele father too boisterous as Macduff, and con spicuous for his eccentric dress, which is entirely at variance witb all the others. No Highland chieftain Or warrior wonld ever so have apparelled himself ; his tights are white, and his dress more like a tunic made from Lafayette's Republican sash than that of Macduff. Mr.- Steele's position amongst actors ought to have given him a better judgment. The weifd sisters, Mr. George Leitch, Mrs. M. A. Melville, and Mr. Harry Leston, are wonderfully made up; their appearance would make any one believe in witchcraft. Mr. Leitch as chief oracle is scarcely vigorous enough in voice ; he has not forgotten the Italian prince, and uses the action and tone which Stephanie inspired as one of the divinity sort. Mr. £. C. Calvert sings Hecate so well that Mr. Hallewell may be proud of coaching him. He choruses, too, and the singing witches are so good that the audience was quite taken by sur prise, and repetitions are demanded each night. Mr. Rice, in addition to helping with the chorus, has ar ranged some very good music as incidental to the action in many places. The scenery is by Gordon and Hennings, which is equal to giving it high praise, and the whole goes with great spirit. The public have quickly recognised the great merit of the per formance, and, in addition to the crowd on Saturday and the recalls which then greeted Miss Ward and Mr. Vernon, the houses, in spite of the bad weather in the early part of the week, have been very large and enthusiastic. ' Jo ' at the Opera-house has drawn well for the fortnight fbr which it was announced, and will to \- night (Saturday) be replaced by ' The Grasshopper,' in which Miss Jennie Lee plays a dual part with very great ability. Additions have been made to the already powerful Majeroni Company, and the amus ing piece will be mounted with all care. Miss Ada Lee has a prominent part in the cast. Mr. John F. Sheridan and his clever company are still drawing crowds to the Gaiety with ' Fun on the Bristol,' and people find as much to amuse as in -the first week of the entertainment. The Federal Minstrels, also, have crammed houses every night, and their excellent entertainment well entitles them to the support they receive. Mr. HiscockB has specially engaged Mr. Frank Hussey to strengthen the company. This afternoon an entertainment unique in charac ter will take place at the Theatre Royal. This is for the benefit of Signor Riccardi, who, as stated in last week's issue, has for several months been confined to bed with a painful illness. The managers have given the theatre and the orchestra their services, and the following is to be the order, of proceedings, all engaged having generously volunteered their ser vices: — The Federal Minstrels, in a 'first part;' piano solo, Mr. C. Huenerbein ; Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. W. H. Vernon, in 'The Wager;*' the 'Mignon' polonaise, Miss Annis Montague; and ' The 1 Message ' (Blumenthal), Mr. Charles Turner. Next, the fourth act of 'Camille,' by Signor and Signora Majeroni and their powerful company; piano solo, Herr Max Vo grich ; song, ' The Monk,' Mr. Hallewell ; romanza, Signor Giammoni; Mr. J. F. Sheridan and the ' Fun on the Bristol ' Company in the amusing chorus of Hie 'Dandy Blues.' Every seat in the dress circle hits been Becured, and a portion of the stalls set apart at dress circle prices is being rapidly taken up. It is to be hopied that the prompt generosity of the profes sion will be amply supported by the public, that the design of the former may be fully realised. 