KSr VHOMEv^MD FOREIGM. W? IRELAND. j ' THE SEE OF OSSOEY. The members or tne Cathedral chapter and the parish priests of the diocese of Ossory met last Thursday, May 1, in the Cathedral at Kilkenny, under the prosidoncy of the Cardinal Archbishop or Dublin, Metropolitan of tho province. The object of the meeting was to neleet three persons to be recom mended to the Holy See as fit to be appointed Bishop of Ocsory, in succession to Archbishop Moran. For a considerable time, public opinion, both among clergy and laity, had pointed to Canon Brennan, parish priest of Mooncain, as the person in every way best fitted to fill the vacancy. But he was iakon away by napid illness a few days before the meeting, to the groat sorrow or all who knew him. The Cardinal arrived from Dublin on Wednesday ovoning, and was received at the railway station at Kilkenny with great respect by the mayor aad other menabers of the eorporation, and the principal ecclesias tical dignitaries. Nest day the solemn High Mass of the Holy G-host was celebrated, and immediately afterwards the parish priests and chapters proceeded to the nomination, with, the result that the highest number of votes, eighteen, was given to the Rev. Michael Murphy, a professor in Carlow College, eighteen votes ; Very Eev. Dean M'Donald, tho Vicar Capitular during the vacancy, received foui'teon votes ; Eev. Canon Hennossy, a parish priest of the diocese, received three votes. According to the Brier of Pius VIII., the protocol of these' proceedings should be forwarded immediately to tho Propaganda. In a short time the Bishops of tho province, now re duced to the Cardinal Archbishop, and Bishop Walsh, of Kildare, must assemble, conformably to the provisions of the Brief, and report to the Propaganda their judg ment upon the absolute and relative fitness of the priest nelected by the clergy of Osfiory. ; The Catholic Times, May 3, says :-~The ' Eev. Michael Murphy, the erudite young priest who is dignisshnus, was, we may state, born in Kilkenny, in the parish of St. Canice, 1848\. His preliminary studies were made in , tho local schools, and he entered, in 1865, the claso o£ Philosophy then opened, by Bishop Walsh.- In the following year ho entered i Maynooth, where he was awarded a burse for the elass ot Physics. During the next five years Father Murphy's name was always at '. the top or the list. At midsummer, 1871 — \ though he wag still too young to be ordained —he was appointed Professor of Theology in St. Patrick's College, Carlow, which post he has held to the present. It is remarkable : that the great Bishop Doyle (' J.K.L.') was taken, at the same age, thirty- five, from the Chair now occupied by Father Murphy, when he was appointed Bishop ; and that the third last Bishop of Ossory, the Most Eev, Bishop Xinsella, who had filled the same chair, was also appointed Bishop at thirty- five. 