A MODEL GHOST STORY. j A very singular story, which. forms, one of the sensational social topics of the day, is the best authenticated of the many stories of the supernatural that have been lately told. Only a short time ago a young and well-known artist, Mr. A., was invited to pay a visit to his distinguished friend, -Mr. Izzard. The house was filled with guests, but a large and handsome room was placed at his disposal, apparently one of the best hi the house. For three -days he had a delightful visit, I delightful in all particulars save one — I he had each night a horrible dream. I He dreamed — or was really — suddenly I awakened by someone entering his I room, and looking around saw the room brilliantly lighted, while at the 1 window stood a lady elegantly attired, j in the. act of throwing something out. I This accomplished, she turned her face towards the only spectator, showing -a countenance so distorted by evil 1 passions that he was thrilled with horror. Soon the light and the figure disappeared, leaving the artist suffering from a frightful nightmare. On re turning. to his city home he was so haunted by this dreadful countenance which had for three consecutive nights troubled him that he made a sketch of it, and so real that the evil expression seemed to horrifiy everyone who saw it. Not a great while after, the artist went to make an evening visit on Mr. Izzard ; that gentleman invited him to his picture gallery, as he wished . to aliow him same remarkable old familv portraits. What was Mr. A's surprise | to recognise among them, in the like- ness of a stately, well-dressed lady, | theone who had sotronbled his slumbers I on his previous visit, lacking, however, I the revolting, wicked expression. As I soon as he saw it he involuntarily ex- claimed, "Why I have seen that lady." " Indeed," said Mr. L, smiling, " that | is hardly possible, as she died more than | a hundred years ago. She was the second wife of my great- grandfather, and reflected anything bnt credit on 1 the family. She was strongly sus pected of having murdered her hus band's son by the former marriage, in order to make her own child heir to the : property. The unfortunate boy ! broke ins neck in a fall from a win- ; dow, and there is every reason to believe that he was precipitated from the winj dow by his stepmother." The artist then told the host the circumstances of the thrice repeated experience or dream, and sent for his sketch, which so far as the features were- -concerned, was identical with the portrait in Mr. Izzard's gallery. The sketch has ! since been photographed, but from its hideous expression, is far- from pleasant to look npon. — Boston Courier 