Miscellaneous, Grandmother Ctray. . . ur By Mas. M. L. Bissp." v \ : . ; s I THINK Tommy Gray fully appreciated the fact that his bread was batteredon^bothsides for when he got into a street riot with Gharli Wilson, who threatened to tell Tommy's father and get. him an "all-fired liddr?" s Master Tommy just ran off laying: I "Dassn'M - I've got ^ grandmother tew home." , •• - : .. . .'.- -. r Tommy's grahdmother was ifae kiri^^ji, woman who is all fireand flamein yontii Jaid all ashes-Of-rose in old age. She had b^n a beauty, once, but there was nothing tuxhow. for it but" the tendergia6e of a.dayihatwas gead." Wrinkles had . taken Cthe plaie dimples, her eyes had burned themselve8 ;but t her cheeks werei .shrivelled, $nd as for :tjsein she fciadflnly toom'her , :iead. Bnt, ; fKa; ?, jthe Lord, they.are opposite i'eacii other, 1 said Grandmother Gray. ~ . . Y',."j- ' She had a lap for -the ohlldren, 4oo—^xnost {grandmothers don't have any. lap-^nand she, pung themto sleep every nighti Tpmmy ha^i made her premise in an unguarded momabj that she would rock him to sleep nntilWVas 21\. She seemed in a fair way to do it, bat jshe reposed his overgrown.feet Vmd limbs on a chair «nd fondled the amy h£ad tillhe fritf h fust "awakeness"left, afterhis.j^andmatin vespers, to liable him to steer straighl to The -songs she sung were very'iunny ohbt or very sorrowful. They were, either otthe titooral-to-lop" order, or'like "Hark, from the tombs a doleful sound." What Tommy.liked most was .the Scotch ministrelsy. He never tired of - ' " Over the water and Over the tea, , And over the water toOharley. Oh, Charley loves good ale uid wine Ami-Charley Jotos to 1ciss thegirls ' AB%weetm«ogar candy."; : .-. Tommy thoug^it tiierewaB an «dacational difference between him and Charley. but he made no comment tbsr f&ir; of "being deprived of the music. On SnndayB^hiiafeang: • " Fm wearin'awa, Like snaw wreath in thalr, &j8ii;, _ Fm wearin' awa • ' ' . To the land o v theleaJ. ,r "An' what is .'the leal,' grandmother?"- Tommy would aBk. . : " And the aged woman would fixhersadv tired, patient eyes on the blae beyond Iba make answer in her low, quavering voice : "It's' aye to be txue, ma boy, true to your king, true to your God, and ower true to yoursel'.'-' - ; - ' . The old lady had some quaint ways. One of these was always.to attend th&grandest; church in the parish, where a- celebrated divine preached in the modem vernacular of amended theology. - , ' . " Why do you go to hear so difficult preacher ? someone. asked : the old lady. "Do you understand him?" " Na," she'answered," I dinna hear a word that-he says. r „ « Hhen what pleasure can you'get out .of his sermons." * ««Child I" answered the old lady , re verently, " oan't I see the holy :wag of his head?" ' <> Is there a pot of gold a& the end of -t rainbow, grandmother ? ", that Tommy would ask. "Aye, child." " And does anybody findit ? " '«Aye, many. And they go far first.. Ifs not in the fleshyou'll findwkat lies hid at the end of the rainbow." . .. She oould tdl time by the. flowersand the son. She had seen a ghost. She could find Job's coffin in the sky. . Sh^had a oharm for bruises and cuts. It was like entertaining, ah Angel nnawares to have ihiB dear old lady with them, for, underiier little supe^titions,' lay a . grand soul. One: day . she coimted'her years and said-r' " I'm getting old." « Nph8ense, mother," they laugluad at her. "Yoqaroosdy^girlof 80." v,.- ." I remerrlber when f-was 18,andhad,ro«s on my cheeks," she said. wqnder wliai will-ever be thom -ngutn.v \ , One night the children, went irito her room to t« rooked. She satin the tvgQight, and the lamp was unlit. She sent them away,! firs Mss&ig; them all around, She kisked Tommy twice ; he looked like his grandfathei whose likeness she had worn in a breastpin far forty years. ' ' . ""Pm expectin' company,''.she said to them, " (Jang your ways, and God's tlessing go with ye." It 'was Tommy who jumped up in the night from a fearful dream and ran into room for comfort. She .still in this window. At least her figureWas there, bat Grandmother Gray had gone 'away with her company. 