ROCKHAMPTON. WEDHESDAt, JONE ll, 1884, !--W EVERY selector, 'who owns an acre of j land in the colony, is bound todefend it in the event of any attempt being made to talc« it from him by force. -Some may smile at such an idea, and think (he . prospect of such an event is BO remote they need not' give it serious con i aideration. Just now, however, when the relationships of {Trance and Britain have been slightly strained upon the question of the transportation of habi- tual criminals to the Pacific Islands; and when the advance of Russia to ! Merv, and the strengthening of her fleet in the north Pacific, attract attention and excite alarm in some quarters, the responsibility of every one, who has a ' stake in the country, to defend his own interest, must be evident. At the same time it must be equally plain that if every one were left to his own resources in this matter-that if there were no i united action, in the event of the in- vasion of Australia, the defence made would be weak and ineffectual. Thus, in any scheme that may be proposed for the defence of the colony by a military force every citizen has an immediate personal interest. We cannot, there- fore, too earnestly and strongly urge upon our readers, the duty of considering well the report of the Commandant of the Volunteer Force, Colonel French, which has been pre- pared for presentation to both House of Parliament. It is, we may remark, somewhat regimental in its curt style and brevity, but so also is it in its clear- ness, decision, and amplitude. There is no mistaking what Oolonel French means, and if his scheme does not meet with approbation it will not be because it is beyond the comprehension of any ordinarily intelligent citizen. Any one can understand it, and he is entitled to credit and commendation for being so plain-spoken in his language, and simple in the exposition of his proposals. Oolonel French proposes that our defence force should be re-organised, and as a preliminary necessary to his remarks on his new scheme, he shows that thc prcBent system is quite in- efficient. Its operation has not been attended with satisfactory results. Our present volunteer force is our only defence, and Oolonel French makes a strong point when he says, that in trust- ing to it the country hos been leaning on a broken reed. That is too evident, for when wo think of it, what have we to rely upon, if our volun- teers were suddenly dispersed by thc onset of a strong and well drilled force. Contemplation the more strongly convinces us of the weakness of our protection, and thc justness of our reviewers' reflection. But, more- over, while we have only one line of defence, that safeguard is far from com- petent. Our force is small ; only a limited number of the men turned out when called upon to drill in the presence of the inspecting officer; some of the officers are .efficient, others are hope- lessly adrift if. out of earshot of the' sergeant instructor ; and the majority of the non-commissioned officers should not be permitted to wear stripes, The «nen, however, are fairly well acquainted with their drill, and are of excellent physique generally, the country corps being best in this respect, The arms of the' volunteers' need not be superseded, unless it be the guns of the Ipswich field Battery. » The cbmparatively use- less state of our military force, such as it is, Oolonelj'French attributes to the lack of interest manifested in it-by the Government, which has allowed the property of the' volunteers to be used by public departments ; and-by the public generally^ with the exception of the press. Additional evidence condem- natory of our existing defence force Col. French draws from the report of the Military Committee of In- quiry. Making every allowance for the peculiar circumstances of Queensland, Oolonel French has come to the conclu- sion that "the force seems to have suffered in the past from a vacillating policy' regarding its ' administration. 1 It will be a great gain if a definite system can be adopted and adhered to." Such a system he briefly and clearly sketches. In considering Col. French's proposals we must keep, in view, the purposes of such a force as he aims at establishing. These are :tw'o-fold ; first, there is the maintenance of peace, law, and order in the colony. It is necessary we should have a force to he depended on, to pro- tect the industrious well- disposed, from any outrage and violence on the part of the wicked and lawless members of the community. The military serged the community faithfully in the Cincinnati .riots. On the other hand, history re- cords : instances in which the progress of anarchy has been accelerated by the solóUeryfratexnüing with the mob: .Our military force must' not be of such a .character that it would bp apt to become an instrument of repression in the hands of an upstart oligarchy. To protect ourselves against. ourselves pur army must be composed of men having a per- manent interest' in the welfare of the State. This will be the case under the new system by the recruits being raised where tho corps and where the men ure known. A guarantee of their reliability, will also be afforded by the existence of that esprit de corps, on which Colonel French lays considerable emphasis, and without whioh tie most complete system will be weak. While a small force would be adequate, in the present state of the colony, for internal defence; à much larger would be needed for. protection from enemies without our domains. It is such a force as the latter oar military adviser has evidently had chiefly in contemplation when preparing his report. In a sen- tence his proposal is-that we should have a force partly permanent and partly militia. He recommends-(1) The formation of a battery of Artillery, as a Behool of instruction for the force at large, of the average'strength of a, hundred men all told ; (2) Volunteer Militia, with reserves, instead of the pre- sent Volunteers; (3) the formation of, Bille dubs ; (4)' the enrolment ot tjojfce and .Pensioners in a reserve force j (5) that the Government equip, the force ; and (6) reserve' appointments in the pubiio 'Service for properly qualified members of the Volunteer Militia,. Pid space permit , we might comment at length on the details of this scheme, but at present we will content ourselves by remarking that it seëms simple, efficient, and ..admirably suited to the circumstances of the .colony. It 'has this great commendation, that it would cost little more 'than our present force, and give us a system cf defence, .Colonel French says, superior to that of any colony. Long ago we advocated the introduction of the militia system in connection with our defence force, and we are pleased to find it has a practical and able exponent in the present Commandant of the Volunteer Force in Queensland. TUE Cemmittee of the North Rockhampton State School, realising the necessity for pro- viding increased accommodation, have decided to bring the matter under the notico of the Minister for Instruction, and at the same time point ont the additions and alterations that require to be made to facilitate the proper instruction of the pupils. A MEETING of the Committee of the Rock- hampton Bowing Club was held last evening, at the Belmore Arms, Mr. Harry W. Johnson (captain) in the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, and accounts for the month passed for pay- ment. A Regatta Committee for the coming joint regatta, to act in conjunction with a Committee from the CQ.R, Club, was ap- pointed, consisting of the'following gentle- men :-Harry W, Johnson, S. G. Hill, and S. W. Hartley. The Joint Regatta Com- mittee will, no doubt, be in a position to offer a really attractive programme, as we hear that already substantial offers of assistance have been volunteered by townsmen. THE Committee, appointed at themcetingof the Early Closing Association on Friday even- ing last watted on several prominent citizens in the course of the week, and requested them to interview the tradespeople in the centre of the town for the purpose of inducing them to join in the Wednesday half- holiday movement. The Mayor, Mr. J. Ferguson, M L. A., and AldermanHopkins, kindly consented, and yes- terday afternoon waited on those who had not hitherto closed on Wednesdays. That thc result of their labours woe successful may be judged from thc fact that seven out of a dozen have agreed to suspend business on thc afternoon named. Only four dissented, and one employer being absent no answer was obtained. The promises were only made on condition that the movement should bc general,.and it now rests with the committee to take further action to induce thc co-opera- tion of others. Ono gentlemen declines to close unless the proprietors of all thc small shops in thc town do so ; and another stipulates that thc doors should bc shut front and back and no employees brought back to work. Thc canvass was more successful than had been anticipated, and all that is required to make the Wednesday half-holiday generally recognised is tho assistance of thc employees in tlic different shops. If the membership of tho association increases, as it should, the fundB will enable steamers to be chartered to make short tripB down thc river or picnicing parties to be formed. The Committee recom- mend the formation of a ladies' committee to bring the matter before the public mort, .prominently ;jind that in the event ot holi oa*i fccourring tba Wedneadny relaxation irom business bet dispensed with. A meeting of the Association wilrbe held on Friday evening to' receive th* report of the Committee,. and transact other-Business. . ' \ ' \¡¿. IN a community in whioh the number Brid profession of the members are limited a little. . consideration in talking of one's neighbours is always commendable, if not discreet. Espa- ciáis; ja thia the case on the part of clergy- men, and we are sorry to have to complain of ¡some of our .neighbours. A. .member of the ! Press, on whose mind mental work and occa ; sional indulgence seems to have had a woaken , ing effect, hoing without friends, has been I taken care of by the proper authorities for a i time. His misfortunes nave been made tho theme of discourse at a temperance meeting ' by local clergymen, and a member of ' the Fourth Estate ÍB being referred to as "the latest victim." There are several members of the Press in Rockhampton, and the public may not understand who is referred to unless our preachers are moré specific. As it is, however, we think they might point their homilies without being even so particular as they have been already. WE understand Mr. Leresche, the Secretary to the Queensland Steam Shipping Company, is now en roule for Queensland, for the purpose of gaining a personal knowledge of our coastal trade, We believe it is the intention of this j company to -considerably augment their present fleet, with a view to extend their operations to évery port along the coast ; and to give as good accommodation and com- fort , to the passengers travelling via the ports to Rockhampton, as they haye already acne to the northern ports, by such steamers as the Maranoa and Warrego." ' At present their steamers from Sydney terminate their voyage at Cooktown, but it is in contempla- tion to make them continue it as far as Thurs- day Island, thus providing a weekly service tb thé valuable pearl fishery in the Torres Straits, To carry out these arrangements effectively, two steamers of a Bimilar class to the Maranoa, : bat having increased speed and superior accommodation,'are about) to be built. There will also be provided for the mora southern ports, as far north as Rock- hampton, a cuss of steamers of a like character, but of à mach lighter draft of water, to enable them to go in and out the port»; at .all states of the tide, and thus dis- pensé' with 'the serions 'and inoohvenient délaya felt by passengers on hoard river tenders, OK several ' oocasions recently we have warned our readers about strangers corning about in a surreptitious manner. Yesterday morning, very early, a respectable family was excited at th« appearance in their midst, of a native in 's complete state of nudity. He behaved in an extraordinary manner, yelling And crying in an astonishing; way. He either could not or would not make himself - under- stood, and for a time gave no heed to either speech or signs. Yet as 'he seemed to be in trouble, thoBO on whose care he had thrown himself felt, they could - not well turn bim adrift. They were fearful as to the con- sequences of putting him out of doors this cold weather, without, even so much as the Queen's blanket to. cover him. Meat or drink seemed to be objecte of nö concern to him. At last he became reconciled to his position, and when calmed down fell asleep, The aid of the police to remove the intruder was .thought of, but it seems the Police Magistrate had just been called to consider a case of the kind, and finds that such an intruder, when once admitted and recognised in a friendly way, cannot bs so easily. expelled. It h generally'understood a man's house is his castle, but in such an instance as this it seems tho law is powerless, and the native may remain till ho chooseB to take his departure. When that will be in this instance remains to bc seen, TUE parade of K and L Companies last evening was attended by about twenty five men. The number of non-commissioned officers present was very small, which is much to be regretted, and the only commis- sioned officers were Major Feez and Captain Ellis. The men were marched from the Drill Shed to North Rockhampton under the oom mand of Captain Ellis. Near the Rifle Range a halt was made,and the menwereputthrongh skirmishing drill and volley-firing. The latter was particularly well executed, the guns being fired almost simultaneously, At, the, con- clusion of the exercise the corps wai marched back to the Drill'Shed, where a lew remarks were made by Captain Ellis. He expressed a hope that the attendance at the dalis of K Company on Tuesday and of L Company on Thursday evenings would Ax greater than 'hitherto, and that more interest would be displayed iii volunteer affairs. We understand tba): the . .companies are, in point of ' numbers, ' very ' weak, and about, twenty-five recruits are required for each. ' The formation of a band is non in contemplation, and we hope that the effort being made to establish one will be successful. About £20 have been subscribed towards the purchase of instruments, &c;, and it only requires that an active canvass should be mode or an entertainment given to raise the re- quired Bum. ' ' ' ' y "?LWE are informed that the owners of the celebrated Mount Morgan goldmine are about to erect chlorinising works on their pro- perty on the Dec River, capable pf treating 150 tons of tailings per week. Arrangements have been made with Mr. A. Lymburner, late of Gympie, and a contract entered into with bim to treat that quantity per week for six months. This, we understand, is in the nature of an experiment, and if successful, works of a larger capacity will take their place, Chlorinisationisanewdeparturcsofaras this district ia concerned, and one we trust that wi)! have a material influence for good on gold minino, in the neighbourhood., Under existing conditions miners have thought themselves fortunate >if-half the gold »-assaved, bulby this procesa we believe from 70 to 80 per cent is guaranteed. We gather from the notice board at the Warden's Office that the follow- ing transfers and applications have been made since our last notice:-A. S. R. Osborne transfers to William Robertson the Great Mount Morgan Extended claim and water rights j F. Morgan, A. Morgan, and -G. Wheately transfers to M. C. Thomson jhe Ko. 1 South M'Kinlay claim (Crow's Nest). A. S. Tompson applies for 800 ft. by 400 ft at 1200 ft. Mount Morgan ; il. XV. Risien for by 400 ft. at Mount Risien, one and a-half miles north-oast from Mount Morgan, and five acres as a water right on the Dee River ; 1'.' Hardy for two claims, each 1200 ft. by 400 ft. at Mount Morgan ; and T. S. Hall for 3 chains by 7 chains 14 links on thc Dee River as a water right. Tn EKE was a numerous and deeply in- terested audience at tho Theatre Royal last night to witness the clever feats of Professor Baldwin. His performances were watched with keon interest, and his explanation of some of thc tricks revealed thc ability dis- played in them. Mrs. Baldwin, in her mes- meric trance, answered a number of questions apparently correctly, and to the satisfaction of those who put them. She also, when in thc same state, prophesied in anBwcr to interrogations, and declared that the Griffith Administration would come to au end in about sixteen or eighteen months by thc death of the Premier. Professor Baldwin Baid in Cooktown she gave a similar answer to a like question. Wc hope a political and not material demise is meant. In answer to another inquirer she said Mount Morgan would be thc moBt productive goldmine in Australis, and Professor Baldwin advised those who held stock m it not to part with it. On Mrs. Baldwin's advice when elie was in a mesmeric state lie had bought a goUlminc-at Charters Towers/and already had received as much money out of it as he had paid in. To- night thc Professor will give his last enter- tainment, and everything will be explained ead exposed, He Will reveal the secret of the ?4 pillory trick, also how he got ont of Detective f i Clark s handcuffs, the ghost illusion, and all the other marvels, Mrs. Baldwin will give some new mesmeric tests, and there will Be a complete change of programme. As it is tbs last night and the reserved seato are selling rapidly, it is likely the house will be crowded. . IT will be seen by our advertising columns that Ur. Edward Trickett has purchased the Oxford Arms Hotel at the corner of East and Denham Streets. This hostelry has been very . popular, and doubtless under the management iof the. new. proprietor will be more BO, especially among rowing men. SOME inquiry has lately been made as to whether the allotments to be disposed of by Mr. G. S, Curtis.on .the 3rd proximo at Emu . Park is Government land. From inquiries ! instituted we learn that it ia the. property of j a private individual, > and so ^ar as we can ; learn there seems no probability of an early I sale of Crown land there. ! ALLUSION was lately made in our columns to the proposal to establish an artillery corps here. The project has been actively taken in hand, and there is every prospect of it being carried to a successful issue. A large number of young men have agreed to become members and to provide their own horses ; and the only other difficulty -- obtaining an instructor -- has boen got over by the offer of Mr. C. W. Cowburn, manager of the Gasworks, who still holds a commission as lieutenant on the per manent staff of New Zealand, and has had a good deal of experience in artillery exercise. He is willing to act for twelve months, or until another officer is able to take his place, and a well-known gentleman has, we understand, agreed to fill the office of captain. A memorial will be drawn up immediately and forwarded to the Colonial Secretary asking that the for mation of a corps here be approved of. SERMONS were preached in the Primitive Methodist Church last Sabbath in commemo- ration of the anniversary of the Sabbath school. The Rev. W. H. Williams (Wes- leyan) officiated in the morning, and Rev, R. Hartley in the evening. In the afternoon there was a children's service consisting of recitations, sacred songs, abd brief addresses. On Monday evening the annual meeting was held. In the absence of Mr. J. W. Power, through illness, Rev. R. Hartleypresided. Addresses were delivered by Revs. W. Powell, C. Wesley, and Mr. Rowley, the superinten- dent of the school. Mr. Beer, the secretary, read the report, which showed that a very encouraging increase in the number of scholars had taken place during' the year/ and finan- cially the school was in. much better circumstances, collections and subscrip- tions being nraoh larger than a year ago. Several of the scholars recited with good effect some appropriate pieces full of useful lessons, and two of them sang a duet. Mr. Moore conducted the singing, and Miss Power pre- sided at the harmonium, to whom votes of thanks were accorded at the close of the meet- ing for the excellent service they had rendered. A library has been formed, which it is in- tended to increase with part of the proceeds of this anniversary, and other improvements are contemplated. - A MEETING of the North Rockhampton Municipal Council will be held this afternoon at four o'clock. TUB adjourned meeting of the Rockhamp- ton Benevolent Society takes place at four o'clock thia afternoon in the Committee-room of the School of Arts. THE long expected has come at last. At about noon on Friday the Maitland main road, at the foot of Ingall-street, Tighe's Hill, New- castle, fell in with a orash in consequence of the thoroughfare having been undermined for coal. The road has been completely blocked, and aUrtrafficis suspended. The public are highly indignant that, despite all remon- strances, the Government did not inquira into the matter. The traffic will now be diverted. The wonder is that many lives were not :sacrifioed; A. ooHREsroNDENT informs the Melbourne Argtu'that "an artesian! well has just been sucesafully 'Bunk at the1 Heart'Estate, near Sale! " It is;3I7ft.'deep, and the strata passed through consisted principally of sana and clay, .Decayed wood was passed through at 05ft. and 131ft., and again at 208it. At 312ft. hard sand, with decayed sheoak apples, was met with. The water is remarkably olear and nure,, and the supply is fully 50,OO0gal,. in 24 'hours, rising'6ft. above the surface pi the ground. The oost is sinking aud tubing these wells ls 25s. per foot." ANOTHER welcome discovery of water in the west is reported in a telegram received by the Colonial Treasurer from Mr. J. B. Henderson, Hydraulic Engineer, under date Hughenden, 21st May, as follows s-" Glad to report that Inspector M'Lennan has obtained good stock water at Bradley's Creek, about forty miles from Muttaburra, on the Winton road. The bore waa down 305 feet on the 11th instant, : when the Water rose to within 83 feet of the natural surface of the ground. . The yield has been measured, and found to be 176 gallons per hour, or 4224 gallons in twenty-four hours, and I think this will increase."-Ara- mac Mail. THE export of cedar from this district says the Maryborough Chronicle is being carried on at a rate satisfactory at least to those immediately concerned. The steamer Burwah, which left here yesterday morning for the south, shipped 68 flue logs of cedar for Melbourne. Since January eome 500 logs have been sent éway by Howard Smith's boats for Melbourne, and shin accommodation is already bespoken for about 300 logs more. We may therefore fairly calculate that about 1200 cedar trees are cut down annually in the Wide Bay district for export to Victoria. The gilt in the profit to those engaged in the trade must be considerably rubbed off owing to the.distance of haulage, most of the cedar bein; obtainod some distance the other side of Gympie. WE (Melbourne Argils) hear from New j Guinea under date April 28, that the Queens- land diggers who hal been prospecting inland along the Laloki River, the Kemp Welsh, and its tributaries, had returned to Port Moresby reporting no success, further than obtaining " colour in various places. Messrs. Currie and Guise wore still engaged in beche de mer fishing at Hula. Mr. Goldie was arranging for a shipment of cattle from Cooktown, which he will run on a tract of country recently leased by bim. It is anticipated that the speculation will bs a great success as far os the increase of the stock is concerned, but the question as to the value of such when there is no market muBt not bo overlooked. The missionaries and all the Europeans in New Guinea were reported well. WE ( IVflrtpicJfc A rr/nn) are very sorry to learn that the eldest son of Mr. Robert Brown, of1 Emu Creek, met his death on Monday with appalling suddenness. From what we have been able to learn it appoars that Mr, Brown, and bis family have teeo engaged clearing scrub, and some of thc standing trees had been lighted in the course of carrying out (his work, while thc other members of thc family were down at the Emu Vale station seeing thc arrival of thc first train from Warwick, young Brown Iud g.me to thc scrub by him- self. Some time afterwards Mr. Brown, eenr., went to where the work of clearing was going on, and was horrified to find his son lying on his face with tho limb of a newly fallen tree lying across thc back of his head. He was quite dead, and his death had evidently been instantaneous. Ost paint ia favour of Australian mutton appcara to havo been ovcrlookort (observes tho ¡'all Mall Gazette of April 24), and that an important one. Thc universal complaint in < this country, of those who know what they are eating, is that old mutton has all but vanished, and that ninctcen-twcnticths of thc meat reared on our Engüoli downs and other pastures, and sold by our butchers, whatever its quality, is barely two yoarB old. That which forms one of the chief merits in vension -the being from four to five years of age-is never enjoyed la mutton, gr only enjoyed by those who eui teed their own sheep, and keep them regardless of cost. Butin the ease of AustraUan mutton the age is assured, for the simple reason that the sheep increases in value as a wool producer till over three years, so that it is directly against the interest of the the farmer to sell it as meat until after that age. This is a material element not only of the value, but also of the healthiness, of Australian mutton over English. Os Sunday afternoon (says the. Charleville Times) some eidtement wai. cajotsed by one of Cobb and Co.'s horses falling down a well. .It appears that a team had been driven into j the yard at sundown and, one of thealiimala i when rushing to jump th« fence near the well,' by, some, means knocked tie windlass, over 1 and tumbled into ¿he holer fairing to tte sur . face of the water which is aböu*jaie*|f/ojn ithe top of the well,. Mr. J. K. Keable i volunteered ^o be lowered in flie bucket far ithe purpose of fixing' ropes around the home j BO that the animal may be brought np. Mr. i Keable had. a very narrow escape from ¡ death [however, for, while ,the bucket' was being ! lowered the rope slipped two feet. The shock loosened his hold and he fell from the bucket on top of the horse, a distancé of about 'twenty feet. The animal fortunately did not'sViove. Mr. Keable was quickly hauled up again, when it was found that he had sustained no serious injury, but the shook to the system was so great that he was, confined to his bed for some aya. The horse was afterwards' removed from the well but not without being killed during the operation. .., ,/ , | THOUGH tho prices of Australian meat (says a London correspondent) have not quite jnatjai I tamed the high price which I last quoted, they, nevertheless, remain at a substantial height. It is somewhat unfortunate' thai -those' who cater for the Australian newspapers should, in'regard to the frozen meat, hâve in- variably met, not simply with discouragement in obtaining information as to the realised prices of Australian mutton, but 'shóúld have been rebuffed with absolute' discourtesy-; tin many quarters. I should have thought that firms like Leishman and- Inglis, and others, would have been glad to have had their names, associated with the fullest possible informa-' tion that could be given to the public of Aus- tralia in regard to a branch of the trade which promises to'reacb a great development. But, ' for reasons which I cannot explain,''auch ls' not the case. Consequently, readers of-Ansi' traliah newspapers are left very much tn the dark, save where, -ai In a case this Week, prices that were absolutely wrong, and Which" certain ' persons must have '.known to have been inaccurate, were given tooneot the news agencies for the express purposs of irMsadlng the Australian publie. ' * TM, London correspondent, of the wS. M. Herald says':-"Mr. Parnell has just ap- peared before the world In the novel ctaracter of a landlord suing for arrears of rent,, and what makes the ease a little worse against that gentleman b the fact that he has been suing a widow, It appears, that Mr.;Paroe}l is the owner of an estate called Mount Eden, in the county of Wicklow. He granted a lease of his property to Mr. West, who. Was formerly his agent, for a term of .years, at a rent of about £60 a-year. Mr. West assigned this lease to a man named Dalton,/whoi acting up to the spirit of the 'Mo Rent' manifesto set on foot' by Mr. Parnell,' paid no no rent for three years. Mr.. West i has since died, and Mr. Parnell has sued, his ¡widow for the sum of £168. Her, defence was that Mr. Parnell, ' while he was 'IA Eil mainham Gaol, had told her husband riot to trouble himself about the rent, as Mr. Dalton would be liable for it in future. ' This conversation Mr. Parnell denied,, but he diji not dispute the fact of the assignment. ' As Mr. Dalton declined to .contribute towards the support of the curse ;0f Ireland, land- lordism, and did not pay his rent, the "un- crowned king1 sued the widow of .bis former agent, and obtained a verdict.: Considering that the hon. member for Oork has just re- ceived a tribute ol nearly £40,000 from 41» people of Ireland, it is thought ¿hat h* might have submitted to a loss of i£l68, parttcularlflT as /the latter arose out of » too literal inter- pretation of the doctrines which -be himself -had propagated so earnestly. A curious feature about the lease to Mr. West waa that lt contained a clause stating that lt was granted] expressly ' in lisa -cf- «nd in bar to sV claims for compensation past and future, and .Iso in lieu of all claims for distúrbanos, ' " ? ' - ? -_ ? ?_L-L._' ' ' ?<?<.' ?.' ?'?'?? 