Wt* IN DAYS GONE BY.* Br AK OLD SETTLER, CHAPTER TTL ; r' WHEN morning brok« 'bey rooted themselves, inoited thereto by the promptings of hunger. The weather wat, if anything, worse than on the previous night. AdrinJing rain fell, the wind was blowing a gale, the sea in moun- tains. They were sheltered by. their position from the violence, huit there wat nothing to . be jolly about, except that they .were in com- parative safety. The provisión» had been completely spoiled by the salt water. As they sat mournfully by the embers of the fire, looking at the war of wind «nd sea, Sims S'aoulated, " Good God I whore it the boat." ot a sign of her. Had Jack been blown ?way while they slept t or, had be deserted them. Many oonjeotnres were hazarded on the subject. " What fools we were to pay half the money down," said Bolto, "and we are left lament- ing." " Hallo 1 here oomea some one," said Sims. A man was seen approaching them from <the westward, ls it Jack 1 No ; this man is top stout.. It is like him. Yes, it's him ; but what bn barth has happened to him. Jack appeared to be fully double his width ; he carried a billy in one hand. "I 'apoae yer thought I wet' off I" he said. " We did not know what to think, whether your were blown away or not," He saw their looks of astonishment at his appearance, and laughed. "Make a good fire, Peter, and roast these 'era eggs," saying which he produced from the breast of his shirt a couple of dozen of turtles'eggs. Peter's eyes glistened. ' ' Plenty more that fellow. Jack," he asked. " Yo-i, plenty." " What are they ?" asked Belan. " Tortlee' eggs to be «ara." When tiiey were cookeS Bolto stood oat for some time, hs did .not like < their appearance, but seeing the other* devouring them with relish he fell ito. Jack had brought some 'water, end some .half liquid tea and ingar ^mingled, which waa very welcome. When they had eaten things seemed to improve. "Now,"said Jack, "ye'd best come with me round to .where I have the boat. It is a good spell to walk, and there is nothing here to stop for. We are likely to bs hers for a day or two yet. Now, the weather has broken. Ii the night f s moderate we might ca ton a turtle or two," stying whioh he led the way round the point he baa indicated. It seemed to Botan to bs a foolish thing to stop where they were. Why not go by land to town ! But «hen he had heard Jack's description of tte : Und they had to travel over lie thought perhaps they were quite as welt off 'whare'they were, with aplenty of water and turtle's eggs. The tobacco and rnatohes, having been pat carefully away in the fore looker, were dry. . Botan; in over- hauling the boat, found a bottle half full of rum, which was produced and shared round. The raia had «eased. Their ' clothes and .blankets were dried. With plenty of food and water they came to the conclusion that things might be far woree.. "Aa long as the weather continues dry," .aid Bolan. * ?. " Oh, as for that," said Jack, "if it comes down too heavy we oan unbend the boat's mainsail and mue a tent of it, only its a poor Ohristmas for the likes o'you gents. "By the way," wald Bimi, ''there's Bolan's yaru to come." Bolan wanted to be (noosed, He had no stirring tale to tell, ftc He had proposed the aeries Tn the first ina tance, > Ha oould not be \- -allowed to back out now. Tiras wu allowed bim.' It was suggested that Jack (london oould possibly add his contribution. Jack .had no objection to twinning them a yaru. -"Well, yon will be allowed to embellish your tale. Bot there must be a ground work of fact. None of your Mary Dunn of Doner kind of things," said Sims. ' " Where did yon get that word ' embellish ' from, Sims," asked Bowley, "it strikes me as as a new. application.", . "I do not ¿now that it is aooording to Cáoker. I heard it many yean ago from an old Irish piper. I was-visiting some friends In the south. One. evening an bid piper was >ronght in. - He waa afine^lwking old chap. His pipes were silver monnjted, and bedecked with ribbons. , Could ha not knock music ont of them t ^ P^ela and jigs and contre dances, followed in quick inooessJon, until-we were 'fairly done up. A reel-ensued perforée. Our host asked Murphy Jip,play the "Sixth Dragoon's March." "When he had finished, Mr. Coran laid .'that it not carnot, listen to me now," and lie whistled, the march. "Shure sur, and isn't it all as one ; only fur some little " embelhahmenti " uv my own I put to it." " Now, Belan, Sahib, ohoel oheel 1"-this from Sims. "Hear that benighted idiot airing bis Bengalee. No donbt ne thinks to pass it off on me for Gallie, or aome of the dead languages. Its not Irish anyway. I . suppose I need not speoify the country whioh gave me birth." "No indeed," laughed Rowland. "Sweet county May-o you know," breathes forth in every existence. "That's better than your county Wexford drawl," retorted Belan, "Come, a trace to this foolery, and go on with your composition, or whatever it ie to be," said Jaques. "I fear the composition will be a failure for want of-" "Not brass," said Sims. "No; spirit. How oan anyone expect a fellow to soar into the realms of Cobon on turtles' eggs and water. "If I bad- Ahl God be with the times," said Belan, heaving a sigh. " If you had whatT" said Jacques. "lean supply the remainder of the sentence," said Rowland-"About five inohes of whisky toddy inside him, he would tell us about King OToole's goose, or some such veritable history.' "No. I disown all inch vain oonceits. I am not conversant with such relations. I was about to tell you such a oapital ghost story. But as I perceive you are not ' i the vein ' I. shall defer the relation for the present." "Ohl go on Bolan, go on. Don't shirk it now," cried the bthen, (Tobe continued. ) * Written for the Capricornian by a gentleman of I long and varied colonial experience .A COLOURED girl in Atlanta, Ga, wai knocked over by an engine, and in a few minutée got up aa if nothing unusual bad I Ihwpened, and looking after the engine, said, .JÊpioa't got a heap ob politeness to serve a ^^Lrdy dat way." 9 At Carham Assises a deaf old lady who had brought an action for damages against a neigh, bour was being oxamined when the Judge suggested a compromise, and instructed counsel to ask what she would take to settle the matter. " His lordship wants to know what you will take," asked tho learned coun- sel, bawling as loud as he could in the old lady's ear. "I thank bis lordship kindly," answered the ancient dame ; " and if its no ill-convenience to him, I'll take a little warm t*r ' 9 