GHOSTS OR NO GHOSTS. B* 3. 0. "Oh, I don't believe in ghosts and haunted houses at alL It is all bosh and nonsense, only dreams of a siokly and depraved imagination. "And why, pray, do you not believe?" said Alf. " Do you question it because of the impossibility or the improbability? If you take itj on the former, score you will find Borne difficulty in your proof, if you admit that there is anything beyond the material— a BOTP"fl"*"g intangible to the outward senses; if you advance the improbability, why you know as well as I do that you know nothing, absolutely nothing, about the matter, and never will know until it is too late for us to benefit from what you have learned." "Itis useless arguing about it. It must be simply put out of doors." " Well, my dear fellow," if that is the way we must look at this question, what else can we say about the thousand and one other questions whioh arise from the unknown. Remember, your soeptidsto is only of a very reoent date, and is a part of that great plague of doubting which assails other dogmas you would lose your right hand sooner than foreswear Few philosophers, either anoient or modern, doubt the possibility of existence apart from the contingency of matter—— "O hang it, man, don't talk psychology. We belong to a practical .age, and I am not aoing to believe every old woman's tale, when She is twrified out of tro Bensw by the sour- tying of a rat over the floor,'orthe scratching of a mouse behind the wainscot. My own experience is evidonoe against it saffioient to my mind." . " Well, if you want an experimental proof I am glad I can give it to yoa." " Yoa l why I never thought you hdd converse with the invisible. Surely to goodness yoa're not a medium 1" "No matter what I am, I will give you a chance of ^ratting your scepticism to the proof—that is, you know, if you are willing, for to tell the truth, withont questioning your own oourage in the least, I have found, you sceptics not too egger to test the troth when the opportunity is offered you. Alf and I were seated in one of the fineold houses of Northern Tasmania—one of those honBes whioh remind ub so much of the "stately homes" of the old country. The early oolonists of the " Tight Little Island" were thorough Britons, and carried with them ell the Englishman's ideas of comfort and stability* Caimstook House might have been taken bodily by some genius like Aladdin's slave, and plaoed in the middle of Yorkshire or Surrey, and no stranger would have noticed muoh difference between it and its neighbors, unless that its broad verandah would look a little incongruous, in a country where they think bo much of the san rays that they receive all they can of them, and intercept none that will escape a parasol or umbrella. The sarroundings were picturesque in the extreme. At the bottom of a sloping lawn then.flowed a broad, silent river, whioh had in its impetuous youth leaped over a precipice and thundered in rapids, but now glided oalmly and majestically through wide meadows and undulating woodlands. Behind the houSe the hills rose tier after tier, until they culminated in a. peak, whose summit uways received the earliest winter's snow. It was a lonely enough position, however, as the nearest neighbor was ten miles away. Alf and his sister lived in the old house, and gracefully played host and hostess to many guests. I had met them in Paris. One San day morning while enjoying a contemplative cigar on the top of Napoleon's Arc De Triomph, and surveying the unrivalled urban views which can be oaugbt from that position alone, I was attracted by a silvery laugh, whioh came from the rosiest lips in that city of the beautiful. Ada and her brother Alf Meadows had been like myself admiring the magnifioenoe of the Queen city. As they were strangers I did the guide to them, and pointed out the beauties of the Tnileries, the Louvre, the Invalids and the other show plaoes. We became friends, and it was not very lonj until I fairly suocumbed, and was the devote slave of the beautiful Ada. Certainly I was a little taken aback when I discovered my acquaintances came from the opposite ride of the world, but "love conquers all things," and space in the bargain, and before we had known each other six months I was ready not only to risk a sixteen thousand miles journey, but even veritable transportation itself, provided I oould claim her as my own in the end. I had arrived at Cairnstock House the very day (23rd December) on which the fon going conversation had taken place, and ' somewhat unexpectedly, as I had completed some business in Melbourne more quiokly than I had hoped. Ada had gone to see some friends, and was not expected home until the next day, and I had to be contented with the company of her brother, a dear, good Mend, but scarcely a satisfactory substitute. After dinner I happened to say that the position and surroundings of the houBe would bring to mind one of those haunted establishments of which old country folk think they have the monopoly. I was sur prised to see my brother-in- fiituro take matter, as the French say, au grand eerieux, and actually consider the possibility of spiritual manifestations. As this was so foreign to his usual devil-me-care characteristics, I ventured on the inevitable chaff, bnt was still more astonished at seeing Alt's face lose all its buoyancy, and assume something very like the aspect of fear. I had not the slightest idea of what he meant by his final proposal, and asked him to explain himself. He remained for some time in deep thought and at last said: " Yon have a right to know all about it, and therefore as it is a family matter I shall tell yoa, though when yoa have heard the story yoa will understand why we don't mach care to speak about it to outsiders. He paused again and then proceeded: " My grandfather came out to Van Dieman's land among the earliest of the colonists. He had been in the army, and therefore .very easily got all the fine land which yoa can see for miles around as. The climate of the country suited him and his family well, and indeed it would have been a wonder if the old warrior had not contented himself in suah a country after his life of toil and battle. Unfortunately he had all the sternness and harshness of the soldier, and these wen exaggerated by the position of absolute masterdom in which he found himself. You are aware, I suppose, that the convicts were assigned as servants throughout the colony, but you are not aware that in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred the unfortunates were the slaves, and nothing else, of their masters. Certainly they were the very outcasts and dregs of society, degraded by every sort of crime and ready for any description of villainy. There is scarcely a square mile of Tasmania which has not its tale of murder and outrage, and I remember well all over the island the gibbets on which were hang in chains the bodies of. many an outlaw and bushranger. But these wretshes were men at,least, and they were treated as brute beasts, and we need soaroely say they gave beasts' service. You oannot oonceive the horror which this lovdy island witnessed ^^uob-lesscany^ thecauses bis ;master w sneaking ^nd t^beuing on biB fellows. It is 9ne of the misfortunes, or, rather, the penalties of slavery ihat it insensibly vitiateis the character -of the masters themselves. The old soldier who detested anything like meanness, toleratedworse than meanness in the people, whom he looked upon as inferior animals, and he thought Limping Joe a very useful creature. Joe, on the other hand, hated the Colonel with all the venom of a depraved heart. The Colonel believed in the oat, and Joe had sworn to be revenged for every weal scored on bis back, and they were not few. The villain meditated no small revenge. It would have been easy to have met the old man alone, but the chances of a straggle with him wen desperate, and besides his sadden death would have bain a poor satisfaction for the years of oppression at which it mast be confessed my grandfather was an adept. " A fresh servant was brought from Hobart at the very time Limping Joe's schemes were taking shape in his head. The new-comer was a man. who had been convicted of connection with some trade outrage in Sheffield. It was a strange time that, when men were driven from home and all they oved for the merest trifle, or if they showed the slightest opposition to the all-powerful oligarchy. The misfortunes of hiB life had naturally soured poor Ned Williams, and the unluoky wretch had come tothe very worst place for sympathy. My grandfather would allow nothing but the most ordinary communication between his servants and his family, and the young fellow, innocent as he was proved to be, was left to brood over the injustice of the world without a word of consolation or a touch of kindness. No wonder that there was nothing on his side but sullen submission, and on my grandfather's a determination to 'drive the devil out of him.' " By all aocounts Colonel Meadows made Cairnstook a hell to poor Williams. The Colonel was a magistrate. Yon - will see a large tree on the opposite side of the back court, and near it a detMbtf buildlug. The building..is the old Bridewell to which prisoners wete consigned before .being sent, to Hobart, and, Heaven help ns, it was rarely without a tenant. That big tree and that paltry honsb eoulii tell some awful tales if we could give them- tongues. " The Golohel had two ohildren, a girl and a boy, both of whom he loved passionately, as men such as. he sometimes do; bat he especially adored the lovely little Ada', the very apple ol bis eye.' You will know whence my sister gsts her name. Matters grew worse and worse for Williams, and lamping Joe watobed everything with a tiger's eye,. About this time there wen reports that a strong body of bushrangers who had kept-the western parts of the island in terror had come northward, and then Joe, taking advantage of the despair and wretchedness which possessed Williams' soul, tempted him to join them. Williams seeing nothing but a life of misery or self-destruction before him consented, and one night they settled to start the next day for the mountains, and appointed a place of meeting. On that next day little Ada was found dead on the bank of the river, and her lovely body was mutilated almost beyond recognition. A bloody^ knife was found near, and every one recognised it as having belonged to Williams. He was not to be found, and of course the crime was at onoe laid at his door. Certainly the attending circumstances went far to prove his guilt, and at that time muoh less would have established it in the eyes of free colonists. No one in the hurry and confusion seemed to notioe the absence of Limping Joe. There was at that time one of the aboriginals hanging about the station. We have contrived to civilise them off the face of the earth; So you will not have a chance of seeing a specimen. His servioes as a tracker wen immediately employed, and soon there was a strong parly in pursuit. I need give you no details. It will be enough to tell you that the fugitives were overtaken, and,after a fierce struggle Williams was severely wounded and made prisoner. Joe escaped for the time, and as it was thought the murderer was hard and fast no very active pursuit was made after his companion. " The captive was brought here and thrown into that Bridewell. The unfortunate wretoh, covered with wounds and with a leg broken, was a miserable right. When he was accused of the crime he denied it. in the strongest manner, but his judges were prejudiced, and he was alone. Their passions were excited, and some one more brutal than the rest proposed to roast the prisoner or make him confess. I can scarcely bear to tell you the end. Good God! how unlimited power brutalizes us! The wounded man was dragged before a large fire beneath that tree, and hung up by the arms from one of the boughs, exposed to the double torture of the fin and of his injuries. I cannot imagine that the executioners^ really meant more than to extort a confession, bat whether they meant more or not the miserable man was not oat down until his senses had forsaken his wretched body. As they dragged him back to the look-ap he partially recovered, and seeing my grandfather near he cursed him and mis,, and prayed that neither his son nor his son's son should ever live to reach his own age. The poor fellow's body was found cold, stiff, and still in the cell—done to death by our omniscient law. The very next day oame his free pardon, his entire innocanoe of the crime in Sheffield having been proved. A Short time brought the confirmation of his innocence of the murder also. Limping JOe joined the bushrangers just in time to share in a few depredations and in their speedy ruin. He was shot down, and the had barely time left to confess that he was the murderer of little Ada, and that to keep suspicion from himself he had used Williams' knife to do the deed. " These few bald particulars will not be sufficient to make yoa realise the horrible truth. One almost doubts the goodness of the Creator when we puzzle ourselves to find why such things can be.' The share poor Williams had in this world was a very poor one, and I would give all these broad lands that no one of my blood had helped to main his part in life more wretched. Sometimes I think that his curse must have fallen on us. My father had barely reached thirty-five —William's age was about that—when his dead body was washed up by the river near the spot where his sister's had been found yean before. Oar poor mother did not survive him long, and we wen left to the strangers' can. In all the southern hemisphere we have neither kith or kin to can for us or feelfor us. Can it be the curse?" The story affected me more than I «amd-to acknowledge. Englishmen an not often brought face to face with such horrors. But I was not going to let a simple story so easily undermine my foredrawn conclusions, and I said to Alf: "It is oertainly a most painful inoident to be even remotelyconnected with, but you will scarcely bring me to believe that the acton in the tragedy have not something better to do than return to the scene. Is it said your little Bridewell is haunted? To be sun then aren'tmany places that deserve it more." " Yon may judge for yourself if you like," said Alf, "but I give you fair warning. J would not pass a night there for a kingdom, I have done it once, and onoe is enough in a life-time." " Well, I shall try.it this very night. Ada will not be home nntil to-morrow, and I may as well spend the time unravelling the seoret." " All right; and if yon do so no one will thank you more heartily for anything than I shall for this." The conversation turned on other topics, but AlFs spirits seemed to have, fallen to sero, and ^radually we became silent. I watched the lengthening shadows of the trees overthelawn x assun.dipped a*-the _ jfttf £ itfstwrt ypaifc - If {jdmped to my' feet at onoe, and was rather surprised that Alf took no notice unless a sickly smile on hiB lips betrayed his having heardit. " What was that ? " said I. "Oh, nothing!" said he, "or, rather, something we an pretty well accastomed to." Of course I oould not show too mnoh cariosity, yet I could not help feeling something uncanny, but this gradually won away under the combined influence of a stiff glass of toddy and the soothing smoke of a fragrant Havannah. Meantime whatever little preparations were necessary to make thejsolitaxy Bridewell tenantable for a night had been made before sundown, and Alf told me pretty plainly that I should have little chance of company, unless the ghostly, as not a man, woman, or child, for miles around would venture near the little building for its weight in gold. This, however, was npt going to deter me, and that night I was a lodger in a place which poijld not boast of one before, daring zpore tfran fiftyyjears. CHAPTER IL There are two classes of sceptics with regard to spiritual manifestions. The first simply ignores everything that would seem to savor of proof. Suoh extraordinary oircum- Btancea as Lord Brougham relates in his Autobiography, an to them merely evidences of a disordered liver, or at the best, only vague proofs of some affinity between mortals not .depending on material existence, the exact extent of whioh Bcience will determine in the fulness of time. The other olass will acknowledge tbe possibility of communication between the other world and this, bnt doubt tbat there are isolated oases of such communication. Tbey say with fair enough reasoning, that the benefit to mankind would be so great that if granted at all it would be universal. Now, I belonged to the former class. Of course my education had led me to speculate on theories which have been before the world tor (&itari;&, bat my coinflasionB tferewidely different from the supernatural. The Lacretian doctrine of a present mind in matter seemed to me to satisfy all the demands of so-called spiritual phenomena, and where we could not comprehend, we coqld take that doctrine as the basis of our investigations. My experience had never given me an opportunity of-putting my theory to any test, and it was something akin to pleasure I found at hand a chance of testing the matter. The evident sincere ty of my friend assured me that, so far at least as he was ooncemed, there was nothing approaohing imposition, but this did not oohvince me that there was no imposition elsewhere. IE human beings had anything to &o; with an attempt to frighten the stranger, I was determined they would not get off scot free. I took with me a faithful little revolver, whioh had done me good service on the Upper Nile. The little building was a plain structure two stories high, evidently formed with a view to strength. The upper storey had been the prison. The prisoners were scoured in a very primitive fashion. Tbe upper storey was reached by a ladder and trap-door, to which were still attached the rusty remains of the anoient fastenings. This means of confinement certainly saved the trouble of the warders who took possession of the lower chamber, but there was little need of constant watch and ward. A stretcher bed, a table and a fire were all the preparations made for my reoeption—the fireonly to give some cheerfulness to the desolate scene, as the weather was warm enough. I had provided myself with both an ordinary lamp and a small bull's eye lantern, and to occupy my mind had brought a copy of Horace, whose sterling common-sense and manliness would, I thought, prove an antidote to any mental vagaries. I first mounted a crazy ladder, and thoroughly examined the upper chamher, but found nothing—absolutely nothing. The poor prisoners had not even a ray of light to gladden them. Then was not even a slit in the thick masonry to admit a Btray sunbeam. Verily our fathers were men of iron. The inspection did not take long to complete, and I turned to the trap-door todescend, but as I oame near I saw it gradually fall over, and that, too, without any noise, though it oreaked loud enough when I first pushed it from beneath. Down it sank gradually as if the moving power supported it in its descent, not as if it had received one impulse and then dropped of its own weight. Of course the time taken was not sufficient for me to reason on the matter. I oould only grasp for the moment the bare fact that the door was shut and that I had probably neglected to push it up high enough. Passing my fingers through an opening at the ride I pulled and pulled with all .my might, but the door resisted every effort. Again and again I tried in every direction without any success, and I had come to the conclusion that by some means or other it had got jammed, and I Bhould have to spend my night on the bare boards, when it suddenly flew open with such violence tbat I was almost dashed against the wall, and at the same moment I heard what I can only desoiibe as the echo of a hoarse laugh, but where it came from I could not say. I am not ashamed to confess that when I got to the foot of the ladder I seriously deliberated whether or not I should give up the enterprise, but the fear of chaff, which makes many a man a hero; prevailed, and I determined to see it out. I threw myself, dressed as I was, on the little bed. At its head was the table, on whioh were plaoed the lamp, the revolver, and my watch. I settled down to one of the Satires, and for a time forgot where I was. Just as my eyes began to feelheavy I was recalled to full consciousness by observing a peculiar haze grow around the lamp. One minute before it burned bright and clear, now, though the flame was still there, it seemed robbed of its light. I quickly sat upon the bed, and with something like terror saw the blaze of both lamp and fire overwhelmed by a palpable darkness. The darkness approached slowly, as if it was a bodily entity, and bit by bit conquered its enemy, just as a thick mist coven .the landscape after sunset. I feltits approach, but if I conld have gained a kingdom by doing so I oould not move a single limb. It approached from all Bides, and just as its most opaque part reached the table something like an immense band was sent forth and enveloped revolver and watch before my eyes. My senses wen painfully acute, and I thought Icoold hear the clink of the chain of the latter when it was raised from the table. I myself was foroed baakward .as if by. a mighty weight, but felt no weight, or even touch. For some seconds I lay without moving, but bending every power of my mind to resist, I would not fear. Then I was oonBeions of the bed floating in the air, though I could perceive . no motion. It soon settled again, bat Ithought in a different position, and I immediately seemed to recover some power over my limbs, I tried to pierce the surrounding darkness with staring eyes, but I felt as if the blackness clothed everything like a positive envelope, and for the firsttime I realised "a darkness which oould be felt," not merely a negative want of light. From one part, however, I was convinced all these manifestations proceeded. It was like a centre of operation, and to this part I direoted all my attention. Without any relief in the surrounding dark ness, I fancied the obscurity here became intensified and the other parts by contrast less dim. Soon it took shape—indefinite, but still a shape, and at the same instant a lurid glare tinged the extremities and gave a horrid prominence to the indistinct mass. Like the phantasms of a feverit revolved within itself, and the -horror of its possibilities were in my mind a thousand times more dreadful than the realities:- One minute, and then; struck my eare the rii^^spream ^ ia cfaild, whioh enrdled the Ue>b>d in in^ ilini! ' mum fdi _ xougbly .over tiis floor; filled my The huge indefinite mass seemed the origin and soaroe irom whioh all this arose. To me it took the form of an irrevocable destiny.. Notwithstanding all these horrors I retained my senses, and even tried hard to speculate on them. That I was in the immediate presence of some awful power I knew; that it coald injure'me I doubted, bo long as I was true to myself. The greatest torture I endured was the consciousness of my own impotence. I oould only passively resist my spiritual faculties being weakened by human disabilities. What I saw dimly appeared the reflection o* the evolution of an .inevitable fate. While ibese thoughts crossed xny mind thie mass before me became more .and more distinct, as the obscure forms of a magic lantsrn gradually assume shape on the.iUnmined field, and then stood out in relief a face with the features, writhed and distorted with aeony and bate. The faoedid not seem tor< present the mass as the human faoe represents the man. It qeeined rather dm emanation or product of it. I was horror struck by its expression bat did not fear it. It gradually faded and gave place to a succession of . ghastly appearanoeB, each of whioh retained human characteristics, but a thousand times mon repulsive than the creation of a nightmare. All this time I was endeavoring, with all my strength of will, to parsuade myself that what I looked at was nothing bat a waking vision without reality—a dismal fanoy, but ! dared not, however, attempt to spring up and dispel the illusion. I caught myself hoping that the horrid din might bring some one to my assistance, and the next moment I doubted if anyone save myself could hear it. From the very fact tbat I oould reason on the matter, I judged I was regarding a reality, not the phantasmagoria of delnrion. The whirling of the centre Btill continued, and gradually it seemed to take the form of a child with long fair hair, but a glow around the head revealed the features a mass of wounds, and a broad deep gash from ear to ear. The sight for an instant almost unmanned me, and I felt my courage to endure almost forsaking my heart actually. I hoped for insensibility as a relief, from this mental torture.. By some intuition I seemed at this moment to gain an insight into the hidden meaning. Ithought I looted upon thegfate of the house to whioh I waB.about to ally myself, at least its fate in connection with that place. The mythology of anoient Greeoe and Bome gives us many instances of places being under the direct influence of some odonlt power, sometimes benevolent, more frequentlymalevolent or oapriqioos. The folk-Ion of Garmany, of Inland, of Scotland, and indeed of all countries, tolls us of the awful power of these genii loci. Why then if then is the slightest grounds for such traditions should these countries not have them as well as those longer known? The malign influence with whioh they are credited in Europe may be quite as active in Australia, and tbey may have revenged themselves for some landed slight on the family of my host and of my future wife. It is strange that suah thoughts, *nd indeed conclusions, should force themselves on my mind at such a moment. I seemed, however, at this stage to have become. an indifferent speotator, and by the force of logic to have reconciled myself to look apon this horrid apparition as one having no personl interest in its significance, but I was mistaken. . Suddenly, the darkness lifted like the fleeqy cloud before the morning breeze. The soene enlarged and I saw tbe deep river as it flowed past the Cairnstook meadows; bat, great Heavens 1 in the stream, struggling for life and beating the waters with ineffectual blows, I Baw my dear friend, my brother. God of Heavens 1 was it a fact, a present disaster, or the premonition of a future fate? Madly X struggled to hurl myself from my oouah, but I was bound to it as if by seven- fold cords, and had to gaze helpleBs while the white ghastly faoe rose and sank again and again until the waters slowly rippledover his head, and the dark shadow became more and more obscure in the cold depth of the stream. The icy sweat of horror sprung from every pore, and I fancied the sound of hideous mocking laughter—the laughter of fiends— filled all the space around. I was powerless —powerless, and could not even summon courage enough to put an end to my agony, by active resistance. The river soene then changed, and a distinct view of the House appeared, but bow. different 1 The flames gushed from every window. The dhimnqyB tottered and threatened the roof-tree, across which the stealthy fire spread slowly as if sure of its joey. Bnt whom did I see at one of the wmdows girt witha dreadful circle of lambent flame ? The glowing eddy lioks her form, and her glorious hair is Bhrivelled at tbe touoh. Soon the bright form will be in its deadly embrace, and my Ada, my life, my sool . Human nature could stand no more. I shrieked an agony, and threw out my hand. It was clasped in cold, deadly fingers, and from the extremity of the nails to the shoulder a chill as of the gnve Btrack to the very marrows. I remember no more. When my senses wen restored, Ada was leaning over my bed, her sweet oountenance betraying the anxiety she felt, and with ~ misery in every feature, stood watching me. He bitterly blamed himself, and was blamed by his rasterfor allowing me to subject myself to suoh an ozdeali but I maintained that only' myself was in fault, if any fanlt there were. It was anything but a merry Christmas we spent. I related what I saw to Alf, and he seemed struck with niy theory of accounting for the phenomena. " I may tell yon,?' said he, "that on that awful night I spent in that room I saw everything that you saw, with the exoeption of my own appearance. That the two of us should have the same experience is something more tlmn extraordinary. Yon mean to say that probably the infloence, whatever it may be, is onlylocal, and if we should remove from this we should have peaoe." -"At any rate I think bo, and it is simply ageless to attempt to reason on such a theme. It is one of those things which our: philosophy cannot comprehend. I give you my word, my Ada, with my will,.: andpleasure will never re-enter this home After she onoe leaves its door in my company. Indeed, I should prefer that our marriage should take plaoe immediately in Launoesjkon, and; dear Alf , ypu wOl, I am sure, agree wfth me that after tbat dreadful nightl have not one-Bumiiwt is • ibadaiBiiil^^?- This is iny storyv. and ! leave thr wiM to ; aooount lor what I have related. :13w Wdl may gay it iB all nonsense, fee man of the : world may sayi a dream of fevarish ekci tement, but the sage will say, then is mon things in Nature than we dream of in our philosophy. THE Emperor of Austria has just presented the Sultan of Turkey with six white horses of remarkable symmetry and beauty. Theee orses are of Spanish breed which exjste only n the Emperor's stud, who possesses now nly a dozen. Two superb Bets of harness wen sent with each horse. 