TALES km SKETCHES. JUDITH SHAKSPEARE : HER LOVE AFFAIRS AND OTHER ADVENTURES- By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "Macleod of Daw:," "SiiandojD Bells," " In Silk Attire," -S-.c,, &c;, Chaftee XVIII.— A Conjecture, When sbo got hack to New Place, Ehe found the house in considerable commotion. It ap- ; appeared that the famous divine, Master Elihn Izod, bad just come into the town, being en bis way towards Leicestershire, and that he had been brought by tho gentleman whose guest he was to pay a visit to Judith s mother, Judith had remarkod ere now that the preachers and other godly persons who thus honored tho New Pluco generajly mads thoir appoaranco a trifling time before tho hour of dinner ; and now, as she reached tho house, alio was not sur prised to find that Prudence bad been called in to entertain the two visitors — who were at present in tho garden — whiio within doors her mother and tho maids were hastily making | such preparations as were possible. To tills latter work she quickly lent a helping hand ; j and in the courso of time tho board was spread j with a copious and substantial repast, not for getting an ample supply of . wine and ale for 1 those that wero that way inclined. Then the j two gentlemen wero called in ; Prudence was easily persuaded to staj- ; and, after a I lengthened grace, the. good preacher fell to, ! eeasouiug his food with much pious oonversa- I tion, | At such times Judith had abundant oppor- i tnnities for reverie, and for a general review I of tile situation of her own affairs. In fact, ! on this occasion, site seemed in a manner to ; be debarred from participation in these infer- i mal services at tho very outset. Master Izod, ! who was a tall, thin, dark, melancholy visagod man — unliko his companion Godfrey Butler, of the Leas, near to Hinckley, who on the contrary was a stout yooman-liko person, whoso email groy aheont eyes remained mo tionless and vacant in the great breadth of his rubicund face — had taken for his tost, as it wero, a list he had found somewhere or other of those characters that were entitled to command the admiration and respect of all good people. Thcae were : a young saint ; an old martyr ; a religious soldier ; a conscion- able statesman ; a great man courteous ; a learned man humble ; a silent woman ; a merry companion without vanity ; a friend not changed with honor j a sick man cheerful ; a soul departing with cqmfort and assurance. And as Judith did not make bold to claim to be any one of these — nor, indeed to Imvo any anch merits or excellences as would extort the approval of the membership of tho saints— sho gradually fell away from listening ; and her mind was busy with other things ; and her imagination, whioh was vivid enough, intent npon other soeneB. Ono tiring that had struck her tho moment sho had returned, was that Prudoncoseemed in anunusuallycheorfulraood. Of eonrso, tire arrival of two visitors was an event in that quiet life of theirs ; nnd no uoubt Prudence was glad to bo appointed to entertain the strangei'3— one of them, more over, being of such great fame. But .'so pleased was sbo, and bo cheerful in her manner, unit Judith was straightway convinced there had been no quarrel between her and Tom Humey. Nay, when was tliore timo for that? Ho. could aourcoly have aeon her that morning ; While the night before there had certaiuly . been no mention of bis projected migration to America, else Prudoneo would have Baid as much. What, then, had bo suddenly driven him to the conclusion that England was 110 longer a land fit to live in ? And why had ho paiu Prudence such marked attention — why hod ho presented her witli tho spaniel gontlo and olfered her the emblazoned missal— one evening, only to resolve tho next morning that he must needs leave tho country ? Nay, why had he so unexpectedly broken the scornful silence with whioh. lie had reoently treated herself ? IIo had giv.cn her to understand thnt, as tar as lie war concerned, alio did not exist. He scorned determined to ignoro her presence. , And yet she could not but remember thnt, if this contemptuous, silenco on his part i was broken by the amazement of his seeing her in _ tho company, .of . a strauger, his suspicions in thgt direction wero very j speedily , disarmed. A few words, and .they fled.. It was iiis far' more deadly jealousy of- , tho'. parson : that remained, 'and was like to remain ; for she certainly would not stoop to .explain that tho, 'meeting in the churohyavd was quite accidental. ..But why should ho trouble his head about cither her or the parson ? Had ho not betaken himsolf elsewhere — and that with her right good will? Nay, on his own confession ho had discovered how kind , and gentle Prudence was — there was a tit mate for him— one to temper tho wildne3s and hot headedness of his youth. Judith had never seen the sea, nnd therefore had never seen moonlight on the sea ; but tho nearest to that she could go, in thinking of what Prudence's nature was like, in its restful nnd sweet nnd serious beauty, was the moonlight sho had seen on the River Avon, in the calm of a summer's night, tho water unbroken by a ripple, and not a whisper among tho reeds. .Could he not perceive that too, and undcr- 'stand ? . As for herself, she knew that she could at any timo cut the knot of any complications that might arise by allowing Master Walter to' talk her over into marrying him. Hor 'father' bad assured her that tho. clear headed and energetic young parson was quite equal to 'that. Well, it was about time Bhe Bhnuld abandon the . frivolities and . coquetries cf her youth trad her yielding wonld please many goodtpeople, especially her -mother and siBtor ; land obtainlforl herself a seonre and established position, with amend to all those quarrels and jealousies and uncertainties. Moreover, there wonld.besafcty there, : For, if tho truth must be .told, bIio was , becoming vaguely nnd uncom fortably 'conscious that her relations with this young gentleman whoiiadcomesecretly into the neighborhood were no lo'uger what they had been at first. Their, friendship had ripened rapidly ; for he was an audacious person, with plenty of self assurance ; and, with all his professions of modesty, and doferenco, he seemed to know very well that ho conld inako his society agree able. Then those lines he hnd repeated: why, licr fnco grow warm now as she thought of them. She could not remember them exactly; hut she remembered their purport : and sho remembered, too, tho emphasis with which he had declared that thc honniest of our English roses were those that grew in the country air. Now a young man cut oil from his fellows as ho was might well bo grateful for some little solaco of companionship, or for this or the other little hit of courtesy ; but lm need not (she considered) show his gratitude just in that way. Doubtless his flattery might mean little ; the town gentlemen,' she understood, talked in that strain and perhaps it was only by an accident that the verses wero there in tho book ; but still Bho had the uneasy feeling that there wassomcthing iu his manner and speech that, if encouraged, or suffered to continue without check, might lead to embar rassment. That is to say, if she continued to Eeo liim ; and there was no need for that, Sho could cat short this acquaintance the moment she chose. But on the- one hand sliedid not wish to appear uncivil ; and on the other she was anxious that lie should soo the wholo of this play that her father had written— thrown off, as it wore, amid .the 'various cares and duties that occupied his time. 'If Master Leofrio Hope talked of Ben Junson when lie came into the country, she would have him furnished with something to say of hcr'fathcr when he returned to town. Thcso wore idle and wandering thoughts; and in ono respect they wore' not quite honest. In reality she was using them to cloak and hide, or to drive from' tier' mind altogether, > suspicion that had suddenly occurred to her that morning, and thnt had set her brain afiro in a wild way. It was not only tho tune of tircen-slccyos that was iu hor lioad as she set off to walk' homo ; though she was trying to force liersolf to believe that. The fact is this : when Master Loofric Hope made tho protty speech about the country roses ho accompanied it, as has heen said, by a glance of only too outspoken admiration ; and there was some thing in this look — apart from the more Battery of it— that puzzlod' her. Sho was confused, doubtless ; but in her confusion it occurred to her that she had met that regard somewhere before. Sho had no time to pursue this fanoy further ; for, in order to cover her cmbarrassmont, nho had botakon herself to tho sheets in her satchol ; and thereafter sho was so anxions that ho should think well -of t, ho play that all her attention was fixed on that. But after leaving him, and having had a minutcortwo to think over what had happened, she recalled that look ; nn l wondered why there should he something stvavigo in it. - And then a startling fancy 'flashed across hor mind the wizard ! Was not that tho same look— of tho sarno black eyes — that Bhe had encountered up lit the corner of tho field above tho Weir Brake— a glance of wondering admiration, as it were ? Arid if these two were ono and tho same man ? Of course, that train being lit ran rapidly enough ; t-liere were all kinds of parallels — in tho elaborate courtesy, iu the suave voice, in the bold and oioqnent eyes. And she had no magical theory to account for tho transformation— it did not even occur to iitr that the wizard could linvo changed himself into a young man — there was no dismay or panic in that direction — sho in stantly took it for granted thnt it wns tho young man who had heen personating the wizard. And why— to what end, if this be wildering possibility were to bo regarded for an instant ? Tho sole object of tho wizard's coming was "to point out to her her future hus band. And if this young man wero himsolf the wizard? A triok to entrap li'er? Ariel himself could riot have 'fiasliod from place to place more swiftly than this wild con jecture ; hut tlio next moment she had collected herself. Her common- sense triumphed. She bethought her of the young man she bad just left— of his respectful manners— of tlio letter he had brought for her father— of the circum stances of his hiding. It was not possible that hi hud como into the neighborhood for the deliberate purpose of making a jest of her. Did ho look lilco ono that would play such a trick ; that would name himself as her future husband ; that would cozen tier into meeting him ? Sho felt ashamed of her self for harboring such a thought for a single instant. Her wits had gone wool gathering ! Or was it that Prudence's (earn had so far got hold of her brain that she could not regard the young man but as something other than an ordinary mortal ? In fair justice, she would dismiss this absurd surmiso from her mind forthwith ; and so sho proceeded with Iter gathering of the flowers ; and when she did set forth for home, she had very nearly con vinced herself that there was nothing in her head but the tune of Green sleeves. Nay, sho was almost inclined to bo angry with Pru dence for teaching her to be so suspicious. Nevertheless, during this protracted dinner, while good Master Izod was enlarging upon the catalogue of persons worthy of honor and emulation, Judith was attacked once more by the whisperings of the dcinou. For a while she fought against these, and wonld not admit to herself that any further doubt remained in her mind ; but when at last she found herself, despite herself, going back and back to that possibility, sho took heart of grace and boldly faced it. . What if it were true ? Supposing him to have adopted tho disguise, and passed himself off as a wizard, and directed her to tho spot where Bhe should meet her future hus band—what then ? What ought she to do ? How ought she to regard such conduct ? As an idle frolic of youth ? Or the device of ono tirod of the lonoliuess of living at the farm, and determined at all hazards to secure companionship? Or a darker snare still — with what ultimate aims sho could not di vine ?: Or again (for she was quite frank) if this were merely some one who had seen her from afar, at church or fair or market, and considered she was a good looking maid, and wished to have further acquaintance, and could think of no; other method than this audacious prank? Sho had heard of lovers' stratagems in plenty ; she knew of one or two of snoh that lmd been resorted to in this same quiet town of Stratford, And supposing that this last was the case ; ought she to be indignant ? Should she resent his boldness iu hazarding suoh a stroko to win her ? And then, when it suddenly occurred to' her tlmt, in dis cussing this possibility, alio was calmly assum ing that Master Leofria Hope was iu love with her — he never having said a word in that direction, and being in a manner almost a stranger to her — she told herself that no audacity on bis part could he greater than this on hers; and thnt the best thing sho could do would be to get rid once and far ever of such unmaidenly conjectures. No ; she would go back to her original position. The facts of the case were simple enough. He would have brought no letter to her father had he been bent on any such fantastic enterprise. Woe it likely ho would suffer tho thraldom of that farm-houso, and live away from his friends aud companions, for the mere chance of a few minutes' occasional talk with a Stratford wench ? As for the similarity between his look and that of the wizard, the explanation lay no doubt in her own fanoy, whieli had been excited by Prudence's superstitious fears. And if iu his courtesy ho had applied to herself tho lin03 written by tlio young Devonshire poet- well, that was but a piece of civility and kind ness, for which sho ought to bo mora than usually grateful, seeing that she had not ex perienced too much of that species of treat ment of late from one or two of her would bo suitors. She was awakened from these dreams by the conversation suddenly ceasing ; and in its place sho heard the more solemn tones of. the thanksgiving offered up'by Master Izolli - " The God of glory and .peace, who hath- created, redeemed, ' and presently fed. 'us, 'be blessed for ever and over. So bo it. The God of all power, who hath callod from death that great pastor of tho sheep, our: Lord Jesus, comfort and defend tho flock which' he hath redeemed by the blood of tho eternal testa ment ; increase the number of true preachers;, repress the rage of obstinate tyrants ; mitigate and lighten the hearts of the ignorant ; reliovo the pains of Bueliasbe afflicted,' hut specially of thoso thnt suffer for the testimony of thy truth ; and finally, confound Satan by tho power of our Lord Jesus Christ. Ameu," - And then, as tho travellers were continuing thoir journey forthwith, they p.'oposcd to leave ; aud Master Bullcr expressed his sorrow that Judith's father had not been at homo to have made tiie friendship of a man so fam ous as Master Izod ; and tho good parson, iu his turn, us they departed, solemnly blessed tho house and all that dwelt therein, whethor present or absent. As soon as they were gone, Jnditli besought her mother for the key of tho snmmor house, for sho wished to lay 011 her father's tablo tho wild flowers sho had brought ; and, having obtained it, sho carried Prudence) with her into tho garden ; and thero they found ti.omselvos aldno, for good mau Mathew had gone home for his dinner. " Dear mouse," said she, quickly, " what is it hath happened to Tom tininoy ?" 01 know not, Judith," the othor said,' in some surprise. "It is in his mind to leave the conn- try!" : " I know not that." " I daro bo sworn yon did not, sweetheart," said she, "elso surely yoii'would have told mo. But why? What drives him to Buoh a thing? Ilia business prospers well, as 1 hear them say; and yot must ho forsake it for the company of those dospcrato mon -that are going away to tight the Indians beyond seas. Nothing will content Iiiin. England is no longer England ; Stratford is 110 longor Stratford : mercy on us, what is tho meauing of it all ?" " In truth I know not, Judith." Then Judith regarded her. " Good oousin, I fear me you gave him but a cold wolcomo yester night." " I welcomed him as 1 would welcome any of my brother's friends,'! said Prudence, calm ly and without embarrassment. " But you do not uudorstand I" Judith said, with a touch of impatience, "Bless thy heart, young mon are suoh strange creatures ; and must have all to' suit their humors ; and are off and away in their . peevish fits if you do not entertain 'them, and cringe, and- Bay ypnr worship to - every sirrah of them I - Ob, they be mighty men of valor in their own es- teem ; and they must havo us poor hand maidens do them honor; and if all he not done to serve, 'tis boot and spur aud off to tho wars with them, aud many a line tale thereafter about the noble ladies that were kind to them abroad. Marry, they can crow loud enough; 'tis tho poor hens that durst never utter a word, and all must give way before his worship I What then ? What did you do ? Was not the claret to his liking ? Did not your brother offer him a pipe of Trinidado ?" " Indeed, J udith, it cannot be through aught that happened last night, if he he speaking of leaving tlio country," Prudenco said. " I thought lie was well content, aud right friendly iu his manner." " But you do not take my meaning," Judith said. "Dear heart, bear me no ill will; but I would have you n little more free with your favors. You . are too serious, sweet mouse ; could you not pluck up a little of the spirit that the pretty Rosalind showed— do' .you remember?— when she was tea3ina Orlando in the forest? In troth these men are fond of a varying mood; - wheu taoy play with a kitten they like to know it has claws. . And again if you be too.civil with them, they presume ; aud would become the master all at ouco ; and then must- every thing be done to suit thero lordships' fautasies, or else 'tis up and away with them, 03 this one goes."; . "I pray you, Judith," her friend Baid, arid now in great embarrassment, " forbear so speak of sucn things ; iu trutli my heart is not set that way. Right well I know that if he bo leaving tho country, 'tis through no discontent witli me— nor that he wou.d heed in any way how I received him. Nay, 'tis far otherwise; it ie no secret whom he would choose fur wife; if you arc sorry to hear of his going away from his home you know that a word from you would detain him," " Good mouse, the folly of such . thoughts 1" Judith exclaimed. " Why, wheu lie will not even give mo a 'good day to you, wench !' '! . "You best know what. reasons lie had. for. his silence, J udith ; I know nit." . . ... "IteoeouB?" said she, with some quick color coming to hor face. ",\Ve .will-let- tliat alone, good gossip.- I'meddle. not with any man's reasons, if heohooso to be uncivil to nio ; God holp. us,. tho world is.xvide enough for all I'.' .u " Did you not anger him, J udith, that he is. goiug away from lus home and bis friends?" - , , " Auger him ? Perchance his own suspicions; have angered him!" was the answer; and' then she said, in a gentler tone : " Bat in trutu, sweetheart, I hope he. vill , change ;his mind. Twenty.years — for so lie Bpeaks— is . a long Space ,to be away from one's native; land ; , there would be many changes ere he came, hack. Twenty years, ho said.", .Judith rather, timidly looked at .her, com-, panion ; but indeed there was neither surprise -nor dismay depicted on .the pale and gentle face. Her eyes were absent, it is true ; but they, did, not seem.to crave for sympathy.,.. . I' 'Tie Btr.iugo," said she, " he said naught of suoh a' scheme last night;- though he and Julius spoke of this very matter of the men who were preparing to cross the seas. 1 know not . what can have moved , him; to', suck; 01 purpose." " Does lie imagine, think you," said Judith, " that we Bhall all be here awaiting him at tho end of twenty years, and as we are, now ? Or is liu so sure of Ills owu life ? They say thero is great peril in the new lands tlioy have taken possession of beyond sea, and that there will be many a bloody fight ore they can- reap the fruit of their lauors in peace. Nay, 1 will confess to. thee, sweet mouse, I like not his going. Old friends ' are old friends, oven if they, have wayward humors; and fain- would I have him remain with us here iu Stratford — ay, and settled hore, moreover, witli a sweet Puritan wife by hij side, that at present mu3t keep. everything hiddeu. Wei), no matter," she continued, lightly. "I seek no secrets—: except those that be "in the. oaken box within here."- 1 ; ' . She - unlocked ' the door of the' summer house, and entered, and put tlie fiowera on tho table:-.' >, : ; , :"Tell me, Fruo, "said, she, "may, we venture, to tako. some more of tho play, or must I wait | till I halve 'put back the' other sheets M 1 " You have hot'put tboin baek?"' " In truth, no," said-Judith, carelessly. "I dent them to: tho yoimg' gentleman, -Lcofric .Hope,'!- "i/yi i-y-,:.- > 1 1. .: " Judith I "' - her friend exclaimed,: with', frightened eyes.'.' . . . , . . " What Then ?" "To one whom yori know nothing of? You h'hve parted \Vith the3C sheets1— that are so valu able?" ' I '! "Nay, nay, good mouso," said she, "you- know tlio slioets are cost away as useless. And- I but lent thein to him for an hour or two, to lighten the tedium of his solitude. Nor was that all, good Prue, if I must tell thee tho truth : I would fain have him know that my father can do something worth speaking of, us: well ns his friend Ben Jonson, and perohanco, oven bettor: what think you?". ,v "You have eeen liim again, then?— this morning':" " Evonso," Judith answered, calmly. "Judith, why will you run into sncli dan ger her friend said, in obvious distress. "Iu truth I know not what 'twill come to. And now. thero is this farther bond in this secret cominorco— think you that all this can reinniu unknown? Yonr meeting with him must como to Borne one's knowledge— indeed it mnst, 'sweetheart." ' , " Nay, hut this time you hare hit the mark," said Judith, complacently, " If you would assnrd yourself, good l'rue, that the young gentleman is no grisly ghost or phantom, metliitiks' yon could not do better tliim ask Tom Quinoy, who saw him this very morning — and saw us speaking; together, as I guess." " Ho saw yon ?" Prudeneo oxclaimed. "Aud what said ho ?" "IIo talked largo and wild for a space," said 'Judith; coolly. "Imt soon I persuaded liim there was 110 groat liurm in the stranger gentleman. Iu sooth his liiind was so full of his own affairs— and so bitter against nil preachers, ministers and pastors— and I10 would linvo it that England was no longer fit to livo in— marry, ho told mo so many tilings in so few minutes that I have half forgotten them!"' Arid then it suddenly occurred to her that this fantasy that had entered her mind in the morning, and that hnd haunted her during Master Eliliu Izod's discourse, would bo an oxcollent thing. with which to frighten Pru dence. 'Twos but a chimera, she. assured herBclf ; hut there was enough eubstarico.-in'it for. that, And so, when she had carefully arranged tho . fiowors on the table, and cast another longing look at tho oaken chest, sho locked the door of tlio summer house, and put her arm within the arm of her friend, and led her away lor a walk iu the garden. " Prudence," said she, Beriously. " I wonld liavo you give me counsel. Seine ono hath asked mo what a young maiden 'should do in certain circumstances that I will put before you ; but how can I tell — how can I judge of anything when my head is in a whirligig of coufnsioii witli parson's arguments, nnd people leaving the country and I know not what elsel But you, good mouse — your mind is ever oaliq aud equable — you can speak sweet words in Israel — you are as Daniel that was so excel lent a judge even iu his youth " " Jnditli 1" the othor protested ; ' but iudeed Judith's eye3 wero perfectly grave and ap parently sincere. " Well, then, sweetheart, listen : let us say : that a young man lias seen a young maiden that is not known to him but by name— per chance at church, it may have been, or as she was walking home to her own door. 'And there may be reasons why he should not' go' boldly to hor father's house, thougli he; would . fain do so ; his. rancy being taken with her in a small measure, and he of a goutle disposition, and ready to esteem her higher' than, sho de served. And again it might ho that he .wished for private speech' with her — to jiidgo of hen manners and her inclinations — before coming publicly forward to pay court -to liar ;,buh alack, I conuot tell the story. as: my fathec. would; 'tis the veriest skeleton of a. story j and I fear you will scarce understand. But let us Bay that tho young man is bold and in genious, . and bethinks him 'of a stratagem whereby to iriake acquaintance with the dam sel:,:. He writes .to her as a wizard that has- important news to tell her ; and bogs her to go, forth arid inect him ; and that on a certain .morning lie will bo awaiting her at such and such a place. . Now this maiden- that I am .telling you' of has no great faith in wizards, but being curious to sea the juggling, she goes : forth to meet him as he asks " , , " Judith,' I pray. y.ou speak plain; .what "is'ff ; you mean ?" . Prudence exclaimed, for she had begun to suBpect.' . " 1 " You must listen,- good mouse,1 before yon' can give judgment:". Baid Judith calmly, and: sho: proceeded, Now you must understand that it . was the young gentleman .himself, .whom she met, though she' knew, it not ; for; he had dressed liihisblf up as an ancient , wizard, '!and lie' had 'ii solemn manner,: and? Latin speech, and what not. .Then says '.tho!: wizard to her, I can show, you tho man thnt is ' to be your.lover aud sweetheart and liusbaud ; ' that will: win you and ivcar.you in the timo coming; and if you would See him go'toBUcli. and such a cross road aud Ho will appear. Do; you perceive, now, sweet mouse, that it was a right! safe prophecy, seeing that he had Tip-, .pointed himself tu be the very one who should 1 imesthor?"; : Prudenco had gradually slipped her arm- away from that of her friend, and 'now stood still,' regarding, her, breathlessly, while Judith; 1 with . eyes quite, placid and -inscrutable, con-; tinued her story. : ' , 'Two's a 'noteworthy stratagem, arid 'snc< jcessful withal ; for ;tho ;niaidon goo's ' to the- cross road, and there she meets tile young gentleman — now in his- proper costume, t But - she has no great -'faith'! in magic ; she regards : liim not as a ghost summoned by the wizard ; she would rather see in tliis meeting an1. ' ordinary accident, and the young man, being ' . mostcourteo'us and modestaudoiyil4p6ken,thoy become friends. Do you follow the'atbry ? . ' You soe, good'monse, there is inricli in Mb con dition to demand sympathy and kindness— ho being in hiding, and cut off from his friends ;: i and she, not being too industrious, and fond i rather of walking in the meadows arid the like, - meets him now here now there, but with no ...- other thought 'than friendliness. I pray ybn;'T" . bear that iuinirid, 'sweetlieart ; for th'onglf 'It .'esteem herinot highly, yet wonld T do her 'justice, there was no thouelit in Jifcr rniud but > friendliness, and a wish to .be civil To ono that seemed , grateful for any > such communion. ; And tlien, one morniug, ' something happens— ib'eshrew'me > if I can tell th'ee'how it' happened, ' !' and' that' is thO truthH- > but'soidotliing hajipens > i— aniidea jumps iuto/iher head— she- stvspeoto,? > ' .. I that,. this young gentleinau. is.no;, other.. tlian> ;tho ,80010 who > was the. Wizard,,and that she lias - ; - ibeen ehtrappbd' by him,. and that > lie'havingjv ; played the wizard, would, now1 'fain' play tlio?-, , lover— I > '!'.! ' ' "Judith, 'is't possible !! la'tposslblc !';' :. !<t " Hold, > cousin, Iio'd ; your tiinc is urit:yet..i I grant you.. 'tis .a bold > oonjeoture, aud soma;; would say. not quite seemly and becoming to a.; > maiden, seeing that he had never spoken "any . word to her of the kind ; hut > there it was fc,- her head— the suspicion that this young gentle-' - man had > trioked her, for his own amusement or,- .perchance:- to secure -her company. > . ;Now,,. sweet, judge in Israel, for yonr judgment.! And on two paints, . > please : you. First, supposing this . conjecture to bo false, how is she to > atone to the young gentleman ? And how is she To punish her- self ? And how > is she to bo anything hut uneasy should sho chance to sec him again? Nay > more, how is she to get this evil suspicion bauished from her mind, seeing > that she dare not go to liim and confess, and hog lum foe- : the assurance > that he had never heard of the v wizard? Then the second point : supposing;: > the conjeoturo to be true, ought she to bo very.i indignant? How should she > doinean liersolf ? - Should sho go to him and reproach: him with his. > treiiohery? ,: She would never forgivo .it, dear 'mouse, woukP'sho, . oven > as a loveFe" - stratagem?" T.;: 1 - KV ".Judith, I cannot understand 'you :i > Lean- .' not understand how you can even regard .sueh , a possibility,, and > ; remain.. ..content . and' Bmilirig— — " .: ; " Then i ''ought ' to be > indignant ? Good oousin, I but asked for your advice !" Judith said. "I must > bo angry: I. must fret and fitrno; and use hot language ; and play the > tragedy part? In good sooth, when I think 011'fc, 'twas a piece of boldness > to put himself : forward Oh my future liusbaud— it was indeed — though 'twas > .cunningly contrived. Marry, , but I understand now why my goodman wizard > would take no money from me ; 'twas i myself that lie would have in paymont > of hit skill ; and ' grnfcious lady ' and ' sweet lady 1 — thcso were tho > lures to lend mo on ; and his shepherd's dial placed on tlio ground! Then > off go heard and cloak ; and a couple of days 'thereafter he is a gay young > gallant; and ' sweet lady' it iB again — or ' fair lady,' was't ?— 'know you > one Master Shakepearo in tho town?' And sucii mode3ty, and suoh downcast > eyes and an appeal for ono la misfortune : heaven, savo us, was it not well > done ? Modesty I Bp mt life, a wremodext gentleman ! He comes down to, Stratford, armed with his' London ffpaorh nnd his London -mannors, and he looks around. Which one,- then — -which of all the (saddens will : his lordship choose for: wife? Oh'saith he, 'there 1b Judith Shakspeore; tho will 'do as. well as another; perohnnce better, for. New. Place is tho fairest house in tho town, and doubtless sho will have a goodly marriage portion. So now how-to secure hor — how to charm her. away -from any clownish sweetheart she may chance to have ?. Easily done.i' faith !— a country wench is sure to believe in magie ; 'tie but raising my own ghost out of tho ground, and a snmmons to her, and I have- her sure ond safo, to win- and- to wear,, for better or worse !' " Sho looked at Prudence. . " Heaven's blessing3 . on- us all, good Prue, was there over poor maiden played such a Bcurril trick ?" . . V Then your eyes are opened, Judith, said Prudence, eagerly you will have naught more to do with suoh a desperate villain !" .. . Again Jndith regarded her, and laughed. I but told , a -story to frigliton thco, good heart," said she. "A desperate villain.!. Yes, truly ; hat 'tis I am tho des perate villain to let such rascal suspicions pos sess me .for an instant. Nay, good mouse, think of it 1— is'nt possible that, one would dare so much for so poor a prize ? That tho young gentleman liath some self assurance, I know ; and he cau quickly make friends ; bat dq .you think, if any such dark design had been his, he wonld have entered my grand mother's cottage, and nte aud drank there, and promised to renew his visit ! Sweet judge in. Israel, your decision on the other point, I pray you! What penance must I do for letting euch cruel thoughts stray into my hrain? How shall I. purge them away! To whom must' I confess ? , Nay, me.thinks I must go to the yonng gentleman himself, and say : 'Good sir, I hare a friend and gossip that ie (iamed Prudence Shawe, who liath a strange belief in phantom men and conspirators. I pray you pardon mc that through her my prain is somewhat distraught : nnd that I had half , a mind to accuse, yon of a plot for steal- iog.mc 'away— me, who have generally this stoat' mastiff with m'e. I speech you, sir, steal me not-nny, forgive me that I ever dreamt d of yoiir having any such purpose. 'lis our rudo country manners, good sir, that teach a maid to believe a man may not speak to her without intent to marry her. I pray you pardon me— my heart is kneeling to you, cohlo. you bat see — and give me. such assurance that you meditated no such tbing-.as will bring me back my. scattered sonses. Were not that well done ? Shall that lie my penance, good mouse?" , . .'.'"Dear Judith, tell me true," her friend Bsld, almost piteously, " do you nuspect him of having played the wizard to cheat you and entrap you?" ' " Good cousin," said she, in her frankest . manner, " I confess : I did suspect — for an in- stants I know not what put it into my head. Bat sure I am I havo done hiin wrong — marry, 'twere no such deadly sin even had he been guilty of such a trick ; but I believo it not — nay, ho is too civil and gentle for a jest of the kind. When I see him again I must make him amends for my ovil thinking : do not I owe him as much, good gossip ?" This was all she could say at present, for Matthew gardener here made his appear ance, and that was the signal for their with drawing into the house. But that afternoon, as Judith bethought her that Master Leofric pope would be coming to her grandmother's cottage with the manuscript he had promised to return/ she became more and more anxious to see liim" again. Somehow she thought she -could more effectually drive away this dis- . quieting sarmiso if Blie conld but look at him, and regard his manner, and hear hint speak. As it turned out, ' however, it was not until somewhat -late on in the evening that she found time to seek out little Willie Hart, and pfpposc .to liim that lie should walk with her atfSrnsShottery. 