BUDDHISM IN RELATION CHRISTIANITY. A.t the last large meeti ng held in February, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Adelphi Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Rev. II. C. Collins, H.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Referring to the parallels between the persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he siiid;—Take, as a prominent instance, the birth stories. I need not here give details, which avo to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tuaita heaven; 1 he Divas acknow ledging his supremacy; the presentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves at his feet, the temptation by Mara-which legends are embel'ished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as " Conceived by the cioly Ghost," " Born of the V rgin Mary," " Song of the heavenly host," "Presentation in the Temple and temptation in the wilderness"—none of these in found in tile early Pali texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine of human suffering, and new way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in ihe Pali mxts, of deliver ance at the ha-.ds of a go I; but the man Gautauia liuddta stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance The accounts of his dcsc. nding from heaven, and being conceived in the world of meu, when a preternatural light shi'ne over the worlds, the blind re ceived sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, ilie sick were cured, toge her with such embellishments, are certainly added by later hands; and it here we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the in fluence, as 1 have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long subsequently. Tl.is is a point which has been much overlooked, but it 13 abundantly erident from among other proofs, the story of the god Krishnu, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bhagavat-Gila. a the03opliica! poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of the East, con taining many gems of what we should cull Christian truth wrested frjm their proper Slitting, to adorn this creation uf the Brahman poet and indicating as plainly their origin as do tbe stories of his life in tbe jSlaha-Jiharata-; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded th«t the story of Krishna wns inserted in the Maha-Bharata to furnish a divine sanction to tee Bhai/avat Gila, If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, tbe Christian story, some ■wheie between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarkable popm that eter saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddliist stories also ? Several Home and Colonial applicotions to join the Institute as guinea Subscribers were re ceived, and its object being to investigate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible,—a discussion ensued in which Mr. Hormuzd Rassam, Professor leitner, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, an earnest studout of the question during 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Professor Rhys Davids, and others took part. All agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr. Collins* paper. Dr. Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculptures, showing the first introduction of the Christian story into those monuments between about the second and tenth centuries, and lie pointed out the value of such additional confirmation of Mr. Collins' statements. i 