STEW BOOKS. A number of books have been sent tons: by Mr. 6. Mullen onbehalf of the publishers. Stone- Working Machinery, by ML Fowls Bale,; deals with the dressing and preparation oi stone for variouspurposes by machinery, and; supplies hints on the arrangement and management of stoneworks. It describes stone-sawing by frame saws andby circular saws, and gives full psrlieulais -of atone dresBing and planing and moulding machines, all of which' am illustrated with careful diagrams. The book is a very complete one on this subject The Blowpipe in Chemistry, , Mineralogy, and Geology, by Iieut-Colonel Boos, deals luddly and comprehensively with the various. uses of the blowpipe in analytical science, and is copiously illus trated. Steam, and Machinery Management, by M. Powia Bale, is intended to afford prac tical guidance respecting the management of; steam engines ahd machinery, and gives a great deal of useful information which would assist very much towards the economical working of machinery and the reduction of wear and tear; Earthy and Other Minerals andMmng,by D,C. Daviea,is intended as a companion volume to the same author's Metalliferous Mineral* and Mining, and deals with the earthy minerals, such as silica, alumina, lime, clays, sodium, chloride of aodium (common salt), nitrate of soda, phos phate of time, carbon, sulphur, ko,, in the same wwas the fonnet work did with the metallic minerals. All these books are pub lished by the firm of Crosby, Lock wood, and Co., London, who have issued so many books in the department of applied science. Mr. Mullen also 6ends us, on behalf of Messrs. G. Routledge and Sons, cheap editions of two books by Robert Iloudin, the famous conjuror. One is The Secrets of Stage Conjuring, which is translated and edited, with notes, by Professor Hoffmann. In this the clever preslidigitatcur describes the construction of his theatre and his stage arrangements. He then explains the trick of the vanishing handkerchief, the light and heavy chest, the lighting of 100 candles by a pistol shot, the ghost illusion, the Indian basket trick, and other similar performances. The " suspended lady," the speaking bust, the "decapitated speaking," the "protean cabinet," are explained, and a minute account is given of the manner in which the rope un tying and re-tying feats of the Davenport brothers are performed. The editor, Pro fessor Hoffman, adds to this an explanation of the " phenomena" which are bo frequently produced by spiritualist mediums at dark stances. The wonders of the "enchanted portfolio," in which some engravings, a couple of bonnets, four live doves, three large stewpans, socage of canary birds, and a child five or six yean of age, are all succes sively produced from the portfolio in sight of the audience receive detailed and graphic explanation. The other work by Houdin is Cardsharpwg Detected and Exposed, tlie title page of which bears the Bnggestive motto from Montesquieu, " Eclairez Its dupes, il n'v aura plus de fripons," i.e., en lighten the dupes and yon abolish the swindlers. This seems an obvious truth, but when we remember the number of times that the tricks of confidence men, matchbox men, and cardsharpers and magsmen of many kinds have been publicly exposed without at all reducing the perpetual supply of their dupes, the correctness of the principle be comes more doubtful than it at first appears. However this may be, M. Houdin's book on cardsharping is a very interesting one. The first j part consists of a number of anecdotes illus trative of the proceedings of the cardsharping fraternity, or Greeks, as they are called by oar author. The natural history and habits, the; sits and professional allurements of this class of men are dealt with very fully and com prehensively. Next we come to the technical part, in which their practical methods are described in detail The reader is initiated in the mysteries of " bent cards," the "cat replaced" or " crossed over," second dealing, '1 palming," substitution, false shuffles, partial shuffles, arranging shnffles, various ways of marking cards, and "the telegraph," and many more devices employed in this work of card sharping. The application of these principles is then explained, and the elucidation is made complete by a number of illustrative tricks in various games. Altogether the principles and procedure of cardsharping are made sufficiently clear to fit an assiduous student for practices qualifying him for a sentence of two years' hard labour within a very short time. 