CHAPTER XXVII. " iBAVK BT&I; TO ME." Not a word was spoken all the way to the depot. When they arrived there, Dot alighted without assistance. " Do not dare to touch me," she had said, flashing a withering glance upon Gilbert, when he would have helped her, and he stood quietly by holding the door for her while she got out alone. She had her change ready and dropped it into the hand of the driver, and then hastened to the ticket office and purchased her ticket for Rochester. Gilbert Fontaine followed her, and watched her with a bitter smile, beginning to think he might find it harder to manage her in the futme than ¡¡he had done during the last few weeks. They had sometime to wait, and as she took pains to seleot a seat, in the waiting-room, where it would not be possible for him to get near her, he contented himself with pacing up and down jnst outside the door. When the train was ready Dot hurried forward to a car, and sat down beside an elderly gentleman, while her slighted fellow-traveller was obliged to oc- cupy a seat directly behind her. She deigned him not so much as a glance during all the ride-one would have imagined him an utter stranger to her, rather than a new-made husband, ' and when they reached Rochester she called her own carriage. But with dogged persistence he followed her into it, and together they were driven to Mr. Arnold's place. " Dorrie, don't you think it would be better to make the best of this?" he aaked, when they were almost there, and making one last appeal to her. " There is nothing in the world that I will not do for you if you will be kind to me." One contemptuous glance of her flashing eyes waa ' all the reply be received, and he concluded that eilence would be more conducive to hiB comfort than conversation carried on in that way, although he flushed an uncomfortable crimson to his very brow. When the servant carne to the door, in answer to Dot's ring, she gave a shriek of surprise and delight on beholding her, and lost her self-possession en- tirely. " Be sensible," Dot said, sternly, " Are papa and mamma at home ?" She put this question with her heart in her throat, not knowing what she would do if she did not find them there to protect her from further persecution. " Yes, Miss Dorrie, they came home Saturday night, and a heart-brokener set you never laid eyes on," returned the girl, wiping the tears from her own eye?, and wondering what could have happened to her young mistress to change her so ; while she kept casting inquiring glances at her companion, Dot glided post her without another word and went directly to the library, where she felt sure she should find her father. As she laid ber hand on the silver knob of the door she turned and faced Gilbert who had followed her. " It would have beau well for you if you had never set foot in this house," she said, ominously. " I will not answer for your reception when I tell my father about the events to-day," The man's face paled a trifle, but be was not to be daunted, ha meant to establish his rights at once, and the sooner the scene was over the batter for all. He made no reply, and gently pushing open the door Dot entered the room, Mr. Arnold was sitting at bia desk, writing ; but he lookod old and care-worn- as if years, initead of weeks, bad robbed him of life, since Dot's mysteri- ous disappearance. " Do not be frightened, papa-but I] have come home," she said, softly, and io as calm a tona as she could command, fearing to startle him too suddenly. He sprang with a bound to hia feet at the sound of tbat loved voice. " My darling !" he cried, and the next instant she was clasped in hia arms, and sobbing wildly upon his breast. He gave bat a passing glance to her companion though he wondered to see him there, but devoted himself to the task of soothing her, which, however, was no easy matter, especially when Mrs. Arnold came flying in greatly excited, and there followed, another season of weeping and rejoicing, auch as bad never been known in that house before, " Where have you been, Dorrie, and what baa kept you from us all thia time ? we had almost given you up as dead," Mr. Arnold said, when they wera all a little more composed. This question brought her to herself, and calmed her instantly. " Papa," she said sternly, and losing all her color again, while she turned and looked at the man who had followed her, " I have bsen the victim of a vile plot, and that man ia accountable for it all." Gilbert Fontaine, resolved to put the best face pos- sible on ihe matter, advanced, smiling blandly, and said,with his best bow : "It gives me great pleasure, Mr. Arnold, to be able to restore your daughter to you to-day." Mr. Arnold had never liked him, and Dot's words Caused him to regard Fontaine with less favor than ever now. He merely bowed distantly to him, and then turned again to her. " What does he maan, Dorrie P" he asked, Dot threw off her hat, and laying hei head against his shoulder, while she clung to him with both hands as if she feared sha was to be taken from him again, told bim of her accident in New York on the day that Roy had «ailed, how she had fainted from the palo, and then upon coming to her senBes again she hud found herself in Mrs. Agnew's house, where she had been detained ever since. She related bow the woman had told her that a stranger bad brought her there, and left her to be taken care of until she could get wcrd'to'her friends. " I do not believe it was a stranger at all, papa," she said. " I think be," with a glance at Gilbert, " bas been at the bottom of the whole of it." " Why did you not write, my darling P-we would have gone to you at once." "Write!" Dot returned, bitterly j «*I wrote letter after letter to you and every friend I could think of; I telegraphed to you, but nothing ever came of it. I do not believe either letter or telegram ever left that houee, And ob, papa, papa, when that woman brought me the paper with that dreadful notice of Roy's death in it, I was almost too miserable to even care to live," and her wild grief burst forth afresh, "Poor childi poor childi" he said, tenderly, as with a trembling hand be stroked her dark head. He bad been wondering how he could ever get courage sufficient to tell her the dreadful tidings > but there was no need-the worst was over since she knew it already. They, too, had read it in the newspapers, and that was the first intimation- indeed the only i-timation they bad had that the operation which Roy contem- plated submitting to had proved fatal, and they were shocked beyond expression. Mr. Arnold had at once cabled to Paris for particu- lars, but receiving no answer, he had written, and was still waiting in great anxiety for news. Had it not been for Dot's mysterious absence, he would have started immediately for France to ascer- tain for himself, and to bring back all that remained of their dear boy ; but ha could not go while they were in auch torturing suspense regarding his only child's fate. Dr. Southwick was appalled at the intelligence, notwithstanding he had known how small the chances were for bim, while at the same time there was something very strange about the fact that they had received the news through the newspapers alone* If Roy had died during the operation, it was the duty of the head surgeon to cable at once to his friends, telling them and asking directions as to the disposition of hia body. Then, too, there WSB the man who had accom- panied Roy-be had not returned, or at least he had not presented himself or sent them any word regard- ing his master. The physician did not believe that Roy would undergo any such doubtful ordeal without leaving explicit directions as to what should be done in the event of bia death ; he was too thoughtful and con- siderate for that. "I cannot understand it at all," he bad said, in deep perplexity, when talking over the affair with Mr. Arnold, " it ia a very irregular proceeding, and a very culpable matter for the surgeon in charge to neglect to notify his friends, if there was any fata1 result. If I could leave my patienta I would go myself and look into it," He could not go, but he wrote to Dr, Ffeffal, urg- ing him to reply immediately and relieve the in tense anxiety of Mr. Davenport's friends. But no reply ever came, and they atill remained in doubt and sus- pense. Word was sent to Mrs. Davenport at the Weat, and the dread news prostrated her completely, while she asserted that if she could find any one to accompany ber, she should go to Paris herself just aa sogn as she was able, But while we have been disgresaing upon this point, Dot has told all the story of her wrongs to ber parenta, and their indignation knew no bounds upon learning how she had been compelled to go through the mockery of marriage with Gilbert Fontaine. " What do you mean, sir-how dare you be guilty of such a villainous net ?" Mr. Arnold demanded striding up to him, perfectly livid with anger. "Miss Arnold was pledged to me before and at the time of her marriage with Mr. Davenport ; and it was understood between us, that, aftor hia death, her promise to me should he fulfilled," he calmly ex- plained. " It is false," exclaimed Mr. Arnold, indignantly and never suspecting how truly the man was speak- ing, Gilbert Fontaine smiled. " Ask her if it was not so," he said. " Dot," ejaculated her father, astonished, yet with a questioning intonation. Dorrie colored a vivid crimson at this appeal, " Papa," Bhe said, humbly, " it is the only secret that I ever kept from you or mamma, and I don't really know how it happened either-somehow I was drawn into it before I knew it," " Then you were really engaged to this man?" Mr. Arnold said, reproachfully. " I do not think it could be called an engagement papa, but there wat a sort of tacit understanding. I met Mr. Fontaine for the first time at Mrs. Esta brooke't, and his conversation and manners were very fascinating to me-I seemed to be strangely at- tracted to bim, and every time that I met him after- ward only served to increase his influence over me. It waa while you and mamma were away in New York that he told me he loved me, and wanted me to be his wife, and I, believing that I returned hil «Section, told him that he might apeak to you on your return. But you know Roy was very ill when you arrived, and so we concluded it would be best to lay nothing until he was better ; and after that it waa all ao dreadful. You remember how, when he thought he waa dying, Roy sent for me and wanted me to marry bim. At first I thought I never could do It, but I sent for Mr. Fontaine, and told him about it, and he said is there was no possible hope of hia recovery, perhaps it would be best to gratify his last wisb, but of course it was understood that it was to make no difference with our future plans-ha said he would lend me to bim for the few hours that he had to live. And io, knowing that you also would wiah it I consented to grant Roy's request." "And you sacrificed yourself-you did violence to every feeling of your own heart aimply to gratify him and-wa."' cried Mr. Arnold, feeling almost aa if ho alto had been guilty of driving his child into an uncongenial marriage, and beginning to understand some things which before had puzzled him. " I thought at the time that I waa sacrificing myself -that I was doing violence to my affections, and it waa very, very hard," Dot returned, sadly, "I thought, too, it waa not exactly fair or honorable toward Roy, to consent to become hil wife, when I believed my heart belonged to another; but of Course I could not tell bim this then ; though if I had had the least idea that he would get well, I never could have done it-I mutt have told him, But you will see that I did not know my own heart then* When be began to get better, and Dr. Southwick said he WBB in a fair way to get well, I thought, papa, for a little while I could not bear it. How could I live a horrible life during all tba years that were to come P How could I be a true and faithful wife to him when I believed that all my love was given to another ? " There were dayB and nights when such thoughts as these drove me wild and fairly made me Bick." " Yes, yes, I remember," Mr, Arnold muttered, BB his mind went back to the time when he had been so puzzled as to tha cause of Dot's miBery and illness -especially to the day whan he bad given har the diamonds, and her extreme sensitiveness regarding her new relations with Boy. | "After Roy was able to be about a little.-Mr. Fon- taine came to see me one day," Dot resumed, "and we had a stormy interview. I had been striving during all those weeks to conquer my weak heart-I was Roy's wife, I told myself again and again, I had given myself to him of my own free will, and I must school myself to do my duty in every particular ; and yet, try hard aa I would, I could not kaep hack regrets for the happiness which I supposed I had lost forever. But he," with a flash of scorn at Gil- bert, " cured me moat effectually of my folly." Gilbert Fontaine flushed an angry crimson at these sharp words, and realized how, that day, ha had been guilty of one of the greatest "mistakes of hil life-time ; If he had not shown his true colors at that time, Dot would doubtless have been a willing bride. " He "became greatly excited," she went on, " over our,séparation, end took it for granted that I should regard him in the same light that I bad done before my marriage. " He said I belonged to him as much as I ever had done, and he tried to tempt me to go away with him and leave Roy." " What ! elope with him !" exclaimed Mr. Arnold, appalled at the very idea of euch a disgrace ever touching bis stainless name. " Yes ; though he did not call it by that disagree, able word." Dot answered, with crimson cheeks ; j " but, papa, my whole soul revolted at the thought -I could never be guilty of such a wrong as that ; if I had made a mistake by consenting to be Roy's wife, I would not add sin to it. He urged and pleaded and threatened, saying things to me which no honorable man would ever say to the woman whom he truly loved, and then my eyes were opened to see how base bia nature was-there come a terrible revulsion of feeling, and I knew that what I had thought was love for him was sot such in its truest sense-it had been but a mere fancy, or rather the worshipping of an ideal instead of the real man, I sent him away from me, telling bim never to isek me again-I bad lost my respect for him, and with it, of course, every atom of what I had supposed waa love, and I never wished to see bim again. Of couria I was unhappy-it could not be otherwise ; but the worst waa before me, for Roy had followed me"down stairs and had heard tha whole conversation, and you can imagine that neither of us was very happy after that." "I should say not," groaned Mr. Arnold. "I understand now many things which puzzled me then ; this accounts for your pale, sad face, which haunted me like a ghost for weeks and months, and for Roy's miserable attempts to be patient and cheer- ful, poor boy ! I do not wonder that life became a burden to him I" " That is the saddest of it all, papa-if I could only bave made Boy happy, it would be such comfort to me now. I devoted myielf-all my tine and thought to him after that, and, papa," Dot added, with a vivid blush, though the tears vere streaming over her cheekB, " I waa not long before I began to dis- co ver that I loved him far better than I had ever dreamed I eould love any one else." " Did you, Dorrie ?" har. father asked, eagerly, his gad face brightening at this confession, while Gilbert Fontaine ground his teeth with rage as he listened to it. " ladead I did, and it increased with every day-I should have been perfectly happy if Boy could only have been well, and would have believed that I loved him. But be never did-he assumed that whatever I did for him was prompted merely by a sense o£ duty-all my cheerfulnees"every fond word or act, was all an outgrowth of «hat I felt I owed him because I occupied the position of his wife, And now he ÍB dead, papa 1" Dot concluded, throwing her- self, with another wild burst of grief, into his arms, '? he is dead, and he will never know how entirely my heart was his. He was so still and strange before he went away, seeming almost as if he was shut up away from me ; he would not allow me to wait upon him if be could help it, while he used to chafe and rebel continually because he had bound me to bim, Often and often I wanted to tell him how I had changed-how much dearer he was to me, ill and crippled though he wai, than any one else ever bad been or ever could be ; but if I attempted to say any- thing fond, if I offered him a caress, it appeared to irritate bim, and* be would say something dreadful about not wanting ' duty service.' Oh, if I had only told bim in spite of all-if I bad only insisted upon going with him and compelled bim to believe in me !'> Poor Dot bad got home among sympathizing hearts where she could pour out all her Borrow, and the pent-up grief of long weeks had to have ita couroe now. I "Dorrie, my dorlins, don't grieve so,"her father pleaded, as he folded her trembling form elie© in hie arms and tried to dry her raining ta&TS.; " How can'I help it-how can I help it when my whole life ia ruined and my love is dead I" she sobbed, in a perfect abandonment of wretchedness. For a little while there was no sound there but that of aobs, aa the fond father and mother mourned with their bereaved loved one, Then a slight noise at the other slue of the room attracted Dot's attention. Looking up, she saw Gilbert Fontaine's gloomy eyes fixed in a stern, relentless gaze upon her, bis face black with anger. She had almost forgotten his presence there in her sorrow. The sight of bim recalled the present, and all that she had suffered at his hands, and aroused all the fire of her nature. Sbe started up from her father's clasping arms and confronted him. " I had almost forgotten that you were here," she said, " but you can go now-I repudiate you utterly. You have followed me here against my will, you have forced yourself upon me, you have instituted a system of persecution and intimidation to-day, but it will ceBse from this moment.) "Papa," turning to bim eagerly, her cheeki crim- son, her dark eyes flashing, " that miserable mockery of this morning can mean nothing-it ean easily be set saide, can it not f I have read of such InitancsB -indeed I law an account of a forced marriage being annulled, in the paper, only a few days ago-and I never, never will consent to be called by that man's name for one moment, or acknowledge, in any wey, the claim which he assumes to have upon me, " My darling," Mr. Arnold said, soothingly, for «he was greatly excited, " leave him to me ; go with your mother. " Take her to her own room, dear," he added to his wife, "end try to make bar forget this miserable business if possible, while I deal alone with the wretch who has been-the canee of it all." He led Dot to the door, kissed her tenderly aa he gave her up to her mother, and then closing it after 1 them, faced about upon the craven who had BO wronged them all through her. 