AGRICULTURAL' NOTES. At the 'sale hold 'List welek at Avoca, of thestock, etc. of Mr. J. F. Boiultbee, some excellenht stud Merinos (descended from thb celebrated St."Johnson flocks) were dis posed of.. A number were put up, and the best'lot; of '45, selecied by Mr. G. P. Oak 'deii,'were secured'by Mr.'Wardlow, Mr. C. 'Alford eveitually selecting a small number 1'ft?tliin. t These sheoep are by. the well knowin rai Empdror,'bred by the late Mr. George Taylor, of Wanstead, which was diso'secured by Mr C. Alford. ' A shipment of draught stock arrived at Melboirne onApril 16 (says the Argus) by the steamship Essex, froni London. The number shipped on beard was 10, but this was reduced by three shortly after leaving England. The cause was attributable, it _is said, to the very .stormy weather which 'prevailed. "The horses, it is supposed, Scaught cold, and inflammation ensued and carried thein 'ff. The shipment'comprises four entires and three mares. They have been brought out by Mr. Power, a well known importer.. The horses comprise Brown Boxer, a brown Lincoli. entire, rising 5 years, and his number in the stud book is 2,404; Montrose,' a, bay Clydesdale entire, rising 5 years,'No. 2,293 in the stud book; Lord Lorne, a brown ;Clydesdale, rising 3 years; pedigree intheo'th voluine; and Brown Champion, a brown Lincoln, rising 2 years. The latter is a son of Brown Boxer. The mares are Flower, a chestnut Lincoln,-rising 5 years, No. 666 in stud book; and Kirkton Rose, a bay Clydesdale, rising 4 years. This mare took a champion prize last year, beating Mr.'Duce's Queen. The last is Florist, a bay Lincoln, rising 3 years, and a daughter 'of Admiral' Her number is 71. The three which died were Pride of, Forth, by. Old 'Topsman; Prince Imperial, .a foue-year old; and Ben Pollock, a youngster rising '2 years. . pcd It is rather an expensive proceeding to destroy sheep for scab'. The .bill of Mr. 'Lomax, for-sheep and properties destroyed in New'So?th Walei recently amoints to 'A24,651 12s He has furnished a bill of pairticularsto the department. .During 'the past six months in the Vermin Listrict No. 12 of the East Murray Division, on the Victorian border, about 90,000 scalps have been obtained, includ ing 87,000 rabbits.' ' There are now' only 183 places in Eng lanid'affected'with foot-and-mouth disease, :with 8789 diseased animals upon thenm; four in Wales, withli 152 diseased animals ; tliree'in'Ireland, with 868diseasedanimals; and'none in Scotland;? so that now the disease has been restricted to less than 200 infdsted places in the United Kingdom, with.very little over 400? diseased animals uponthem; , , Alexander M'Whinnie; dof Mýelbourne, has, says the Live Stock Joit-al, bought six grand animals, among others the well known-horse Blue Ribbon,wlhieh has won' a host? of 'prizes; Topsail, by Topgallaht 1850? and'Piince George. The bay horse Blue 'Ribbon, 1961, which was foaled in May,'1877, was bred'y Mr. R. 'Taylor, of Darivwhilling?House;, Fenwvick; Kilmarnock, by Daisrnley," - 222, out of Jess, by Sir William Wallace.- Blue' Ribbon has been very suecessfulas a sire?; and many of his get'are' highly prized, both at home and abroad,' Mr." M'Whinnie takes with hint two brood mares, in foal to Darnley. Mr. Robert' Lennox, of Melbourne,-has secured three 'grand-looking animals-the Border KingstheAlderman,and thleRouglshDiamond. :'An examination of the sale- catalogues (says 'the Agricultural-Gazette) of 'several Australian" breeders, prepared for their annual auctions held'lastNovembei', brings one to this conclusion:' The preference of tlih?Australian breeders is distinctly' for Dates :blood. All the highest priced lots in four " sales rep?orted' 'are "by inmported ",Ducehes'' kibulls, as Colonel 'Gunter's Duke of-Treguiter 8th 'and Earl Bbetivo's Dtske of TUnderley' 5th. But so lthiat the siret b-of 'thefavourite' strain, the' Aus. tralia'n "ulik2 e the 'English buyer-seems indiffeient'teo the pedigree of the' dams. These. a'e in' man?iy cases from Mason's, from Townley," from Harvey Cooinbe's or from 'quiteo unfashionable Lincolnshire herds'y and yet,, so that the' pedigroe, be topped' up with DBates, the 'byoung ' bull passes muster. We cannot doubt-bit that personal appearance goes for mich,'yet, even so, "a bit of 'Bates" evidently fetches the:Australian. In; the ,Wonwondah district, Victoria, some of. the farmers are '(says a con temporary) : using .. a. new.; implement for'.preparing the' soil, which is likely to, supearsde therplough. It is, patented, as, "Gillenan's ..Cultivator," 'and it will pulverise the ground: more thoroughly than the plough, and turn ove' six acres per da ay..'' The.Nw Zealand farmers are exporting cheeso:sto England.. Mr. John Bruce, says the Akaroa Mail, sent home some cheese per. s. Doric -last October. It arrived 'in England in excellent condition,. and reia-. lised 6d.per lb. As the expenses, in con sequence of :its going as general cargo, were only 14d or.2d per lb., Mr. 'Bruce will net more than 4d per lb:: This is certainly worthy of- public attention.. As most of our' readers know, the calm belt in ,the tropics between the trade winds is only some. 800 miles, and, this being the case. the steamers are only a short time in that' warm locality which is so detrimental ,to cheese. The question is therefore opened. whether cheese cannot be sent home, now that steam communication is established, in perfect safety; and, if so, of course the expense of sending per cool chamber is very materially diminished. "Mrs. Grimes, lend me your tub." "Can't do it; all the hoops are off-it's full of suds-besides, I never had one- I washes in a barrel." T . ' " An English magazine is speculating as to "the kinod of clothes ghosts wear.". We. ssluways'suppgasdjlhey wore spirit wrappers, 