, - LAW REPORT. gas,-,- ] SUPREME COURT-FRIDAY, MAY 30. Banco Court-Before, his Honor Mr. Justice WINDEYER and a jury of four.) THOMPSON- V. WHITNEY. Mr. M. H. Stephen and Mr. C. B. Stephen, instructed by Mr. E. Meyer, for plaintiff: Mr. G. ). Simpson and Mr. Rogers, instructed by Mr. T. J. Dickson, for the defendant. This was an action brought by the English Acre of Thompson and Thompson against J. S. Whitney, to recover £2000, for goods sold and delivered to the defendant between the years 1874 to 1878 inclusive. Evidence was given to-day proving that the partnership had existed between Messrs. Yarnton and Whitney at the time the goods were delivered, and evidence was also tendered as to the goods sued for having been supplied. At the close of the plaintiffs case Mr. G-. B. Simpson moved for a nonsuit on the ground that there was nothing to show that the goods were supplied during the partnership, and that there was no statement in the accounts of how much was for goods and how much for interest ; also, that there was no intimation in writing on the part of plaintiffs that they were going to charge interest from a certain date, as required by law. His Honor, however, declined to take the case away from the jury. The defence was that the goods were supplied after the dissolution of partnership between the firm of Yarnton and Whitney, and that after such dissolution plaintiffs agent in Sydney accepted from Yarnton promissory notes for £1000, agreeing at the time to take Yarnton as" the sole debtor, knowing that Whitney had gone out of the firm. The case was not concluded when the court rose. Jury Court-Before his Honor Mr. Justice riveters and a jury of four.) WARREN V. WEBBER. Mr. Roger, and Mr. Harris, instructed by Mr. Blackmore, of Goulburn (through Messrs. Robertson, Fisher, and Ralfe) appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Pilcher and Mr. Pring, instructed by Messrs. Norton and Company, for the defendant. William Tyler, formerly chief officer of the Zealandia, sworn and examined by Mr. Rogers, deposed: I remember the 26th February, the date of inquiry into the conduct of plaintiff; the impression conveyed to my mind by the inquiry was that it was a very laughable thing altogether; the captain and the doctor were reviling each other ; I do not remember any specific charges made by the captain against the doctor, but one charge was that of ignoring him I do not remember the captain saving anything about mutiny; he said the doctor had ignored him, and I heard the captain charging the doctor with making a statement about some disease which the doctor said the captain was suffering from I think the doctor denied it, but I do not remember what the captain said, he did not appear to believe what the doctor said; he was very excited and angry; I do not remember exactly what occurred in fact I was laughing nearly the whole time, and so were the others, and it seemed to be an amusing affair altogether; the captain and doctor were talking at each other across the table, I did not hear the word "liar" used, but I was not paying much attention ; I went down into the saloon by the captain's orders, and I knew I was going there to hold an inquiry; I don't think the captain said anything about suspending; the doctor on that occasion, but the captain told me he was going to suspend plaintiff and get another doctor to go with-he vessel to Sydney; I resigned from the Zealandia after the last trip ; I remember the morning we got to Son Francisco, and I think I remember the captain saying afterwards that the doctor did not obey his orders to muster the passengers on deck ; I have never seen passengers mustered on board ship in the middle of the night except on one occasion ID Sydney during the emttll..ox scare ; when we arrive! at an Francisco It was very cold and wintry ; among the passengers were a number of ladies, and a minister of children, too ; after the inquiry I was in the captain's cabin speaking to him about ship matters, when the doctor came to the door and asked permission to go ashore, and permission was refused; I had been promoted, to the position of chief officer at the time, and I had orders not to let the doctor go OF shore ; the captain was always excited in his manner towards the doctor, but he is an excitable man, excessively so. Mr. Rogers : Tell us now be acted. Witness : Do you want me to imitate his manner Y Mr. Rogers : Yes, If you will. Witness : I am afraid I can't. The captain said (Witness imitated the captain's gestures), " No, so, you can't go on shore, I refuse permission, I refuse permission ; " I can't give you MR manner exactly. His HONOR : You will do it better after you practise a little. (Laughter.) Witness resumed The captain told me more than once that he thoroughly disliked the doctor ; after the inquiry the doctor went up town to one of the hotels, but I do not remember whether that was when he was ill ; ft is true that I said to the doctor that from what he paid at the inquiry an impression was conveyed to my mind that the captain was suffering from a disease ; had it not been for that I would never have known anything about it I never heard before the inquiry, of the doctor going about and speaking of the diseases of his clients ; I remembered the captain referring to a bad smell coming from a forward cabin on the port side, I believe, and the captain ascribed it to the door ; we had Chinese passengers with us, and the things they carried with them had an abominable smell ; both the luggage and the Chinamen smell ; we had a second cabin in the ship unoccupied, end we took the tables up in this cabin and let them sleep on the deck, where they were packed like herrings in a box, and just as close as they could get to one another, and we used to turn them out every morning on to the upper deck and with their quarters out; they did not bathe very much; there were about 60 or 70 of them ; some of the finest ships in the world carried Chinese passengers, although perhaps in a little better condition ; they do not allow them to sir upon the deck, but the Chinese on the Zealandia were therefore only seven days; the doctor was ill on the voyage to Sydney, but I do not know what he was suffering from. Cross-examined by Mr. Pilcher; I do not remember during the inquiry the doctor saying, " You had better be careful what you say to me or I will expose you and your disease," or his saying to the captain "What disease did you consult me for on the passage 'i ;" I believe he asked the captain what he consulted him for, and I have no doubt that the words used by the doctor implied that the captain had been suffering from a loathsome disease, but I cannot say what specific words were used ; the captain challenged the doctor as to his statement, and the latter replied, " I insinuate nothing;" and it may have been then that I said " Excuse me, doctor, but that was the impression conveyed to my mind by what you stated;" the captain told us that on the voyage he had been suffering from an affection of the kidneys ; I do not ten ember the captain saying that he had a fall, and I do not remember the doctor saying, "Everybody has a fall when they have that but he said something to that effect ; I heard that Doctor Warren had sent a cablegram to Scotland for the purser, and that fault was found with him in connection with it it is the duty of the doctor upon going on shore to inform the officer in charge that he is going on, shore; the chief officer is not over the doctor strictly, but if I told him he was not to go and he went in defiance of the order, it would he a breach of duty ; the chief officer would not stop the doctor from going on shore from mere . caprice or spite ; if the captain suspended an officer I would not consider it a breach of duty for the doctor to send a cablegram for the officer suspended to the owners of the vessel asking them to act in direct opposition to the captain ; he was on shore and could do as be liked; I should probably have down upon the officer who had done it, but that is all I could do ; the captain and doctor were going on at each other the whole time, one at each end of the table, both excited, but the captain more so by a long way ; the captain was making charges, and tbe doctor refuting them ; I believe the doctor made charges too ; I admit that the captain, so long as he is captain, must be obeyed; I believe I wrote a letter to the doctor by the captain's instructions. requesting him not to go ashore that morning ; the captain charged the doctor with misconduct in sending the cablegram ; after the inquiry the captain told me not to allow the doctor to go ashore, and to place him under arrest if he did go ashore ; subsequently he got the captain's permission to go on shore, and I believe, he went on shore several times. Re-examined by Mr. Rogers The captain told me that he had seen the doctor going to the British Consulate, but I cannot say positively whether, from the time the doctor went to the Consulate up to the time he went ashore ill, he left the vessel on the morning of the inquiry T sent to the doctor the following letter, under instructions from the captain :-" Royal Mail Steamship Zealandia. February 26, 1883\. Captain Webber requests that you will remain on board ship until he comes down this morning." Ronald McDonald, formerly purser of the Zealandia, examined by Mr. Rogers, stated : I was not actually suspended until the inquiry ; before the suspension Captain Webber requested me to get ready my accounts for his inspection, and I k oked upon that as suspension ; it was after I gave Dr. Warren a cablegram to case on shore; in the cablegram produced there are two Insertions not in my handwriting, namely, the word me'' and c. o.," Neither was there when I gave it to Dr. Warren; I remembered Dr. Warren after being ashore coming to me for extra money ; I did not then give him another cablegram ; I paid for the cablegram; Dr. Warren was present when a suggestion was made to me that a cable message should be sent, and in talking the matter over Dr. Warren approved of its being sent in his name instead of mine, as I was then under his treatment ; he had reported me unfit for duty in consequence of illness, and had not reported me as fit for duty again at the time of the conversation : I remember the morning of the inquiry ; I was down in the saloon ; I was sent for by Captain Webber ; I remember the captain accusing the doctor of stating that he (the captain) had been treated for a disease, and be called the doctor a liar, a spy, and said that he would ruin him I cannot remember the intervening; words be made use of the captain also charged the doctor with sending a cablegram, and the doctor said he did not take the responsibility of sending it; some one then said that I sent it, and as it concerned a party not mixed up in the matter, I said it was not sent at my instigation ; the captain subsequently said he would suspend the doctor and take him back to Sydney, but he would not say inwhatpo.itinn: after the inquiry the captain told me but I was to consider myself oft duty, and hand over my part ors and accounts to him from information I received from others, I believe I was suspended on a charge of drunkenness, but there was no truth in the charge; during the inquiry the captain accused the doctor of having insulted come of the lady passengers, and this the doctor denied ; the captain also said that the doctor had been guilty of mutiny, and ought to be tried by court martial, and that if he were on board some ships he would fare worse there was a passenger named Ranken present ' ' _. the inquiry ; the afternoons- on their side of finishes, in the second saloon, was dismantled at the time the doctor was sent there it was used by the Chinese boys, except in cases of emergency, when it was used for passengers ; the second saloon and those cabins had been occupied by Chinese passengers from San Francisco to Honolulu, and until they were thoroughly cleaned, fumigated, and painted they were not fit for Eui open to occupy; I do not know ', whether this was done or not; when Dr. Warren took possession it had a bed and a boy in it, but no bedstead ; the , steerage closet adjoined the cabin, and the overflow from the closet, caused by the sea striking the vessel, > frequently found its way into the cabin ; almost immediately overhead there were the stock pens and poultry coops ; Snelling, the steward, was the person who suggested the sending of the cablegram, and Dr. Warren was present at the time. Cross-examined by Mr. Pi.cbejr : I will not swear that, when Dr. Warren said he did not take any responsibility in regard to the sending of the cablegram, the captain did not tell him that the agents had informed him, through the telegraph office, that Dr. Warren did not take the responsibility ; I do not remember any remark being made to the doctor, except by Mr. Marshall, the chief engineer. Re-examined by Mr. Rogers : I remember . passenger from Sydney to San Francisco; from something that had transpired on board the ship, he requested me to give that passenger the key of a special "water-closet, which he was to retain until the termination of the voyage, as he was suffering from a contagious disease in fact, the passenger told me so himself; I heard of so complaints by any of the lady pas- sengers against Dr. At erren, except what was mentioned by Captain Webber at the inquiry. Plaintiff, re-called, stated that he had not the slightest recollection of putting the word " me in McDonald's cablegram ; be remembered M'Donald handing the cablegram to Snelling, who made some remark and returned it for M'Donald ; it was in the same condition as when he handed it to the telegraph office. Samuel J. Wittle, sworn, was examined by Mr. Harris, and stated that he was freight clerk in the prisoner's department on board the Zealandia during the voyage in question, and remembered, after the arrival of the vessel in San Francisco, Dr. Warren asking for permission to go ashore and the captain refusing ; he also remembered Dr. Warren asking whether he was to consider himself a prisoner, and Captain Webber answering "Yes;" Captain Webber was very excited at the time ; Dr. Warren was ill during the return voyage to Sydney. Captain Horace Grainger, sworn and examined by Mr. Horne, stated that he had been in the Pacific Mail Steam- ship service, once in the City of Melbourne and once in the Macgregor ; from his experience, extending over 23 years, be believed that the doctor of a ship was master of his own department, and did not necessarily ask leave to go on shore ; it was usual for him to leave word with the quarter- master that he was going, and it was not necessary for him to ask permission even from the captain ; he (witness) never mustered his passengers on deck; if a doctor on board, as a matter of friendship, took a cable message go for an officer who had been suspended, he would not consider that mutinous; the Doctor would have a right to do as he pleased in that respect. Cross-examined by Mr. Pilcher: If he gave an order he should expect it to be carried out ; In case of suspension the officer responded would have a perfect right, if he considered himself wronged, to go to the British Consul on arrival in port and send any message' to his employers if he pleased. This was the case for the plaintiff. the following evidence, taken de bene esse before Charles James Barta,a,commissioner for affidavits, was read on behalf of defendant: James frnplling, sworn and examined by Mr. Pring, deposed : I was chief steward of the Zealandia in the beginning of last year; I remember the Zealandia sailing from Sydney for San Francisco about the end of January, and her arrival in San Francisco about the end of Fcbtrwy; Dr. Warren was surgeon on board daring that trip the doctor occupied a state cabin on the port side forward of the sale on, leading from the main saloon ; after leaving Oran Francisco on the return journey there was such a bad smell forward that he was shifted to a cabin aft on the starboard side, one of the saloon berths ; I complained of the smell and reported it to the purser, and he to the captain ; it is part of my duty to examine the cabins every day, and I never omitted that duty ; the captain, doctor, purser, and myself examined the cabins together; I asked the doctor where the smell was coming from, and asked him to allow me to search his room, which I did, and it enabled me to say what it was; I found that the smell came from a topcoat of his hanging in his room ; it smelt To me the dead rats ; I drew city doctor's attention to it, and he said it was not coming from the coat, and that he could not smell it ; I suggested to the purser that the doors should be shifted, and get the cabin cleaned out and see where the smell came from the doctor did not complain to me in any way about the shifting, and the cabin I have spoken of was of the same class as the one originally occupied, and is a state cabin ; I noticed a similar swell to the one coming from the former cabin ; 1 made an examination of the latter cabin, and could not detect the cause of the spell ; the doctor would not come to the table, and I brought him his meals in the cabin ; he had nothing to eat except beef tea and chicken broth for two or three days ; he said that he would starve himself, and make the captain pay for it at the other end, meaning Sydney ; the bill of fare submitted to the -saloon passengers wes always sent to him it is always an excellent one, and he would give his orders from that bill, and was always supplied ; there is no truth in the statement that he was deprived of proper food and attendance : there is a Chinese servant appointed for the doctor, but, independent of the Chinaman, Dr. Warren had a white man to attend on him, both of whom were supplied by the ship, and not by the doctor ; Doctor Warr, n, when he was occupying the starboard cabin, told me he was suffering from low typhoid fever ; I told him that in consequence of the purser's orders his cabin would be changed again, and he did nor make any objection to me ; he was then shifted to the after cabin on the port side, in the second class ; it is, in fact, a first-class cabin, as we do not carrry second-class passengers; it is well ventilated, and on the whole a very comfortable cabin ; Dr. Warren remained in it until we arrived in Sydney ; I did not receive instructions to deprive Dr. Warren of food or attendance, but, on the contrary, the captain told me to see that he was properly cared for after the inquiry at San Francisco Dr. Warren told me that the captain had a certain disease, and that he had treated him for it going up to San Francisco. Cross-examined by Mr. Blackmore : Dr. Warren was removed to the second-class cabin because he had typhoid fever, and the passengers had got hold of the fact. By Mr. Pring: I have 46 servants under my personal superintendence ; the captain told me to have the doctor properly cared for, and I carried out his instructions by giving orders through my subordinates; my orders are always carried out, and I heard of no complaints from the doctor; be never over and over again complained to me, and my subordinates never brought me any complaints; I don't remember the doctor complaining bitterly to me of his treatment on board, and no restraint whatever while I was on board was placed on Dr. Warren's movements ; there was a lock on the cabin door, but no key to it; the passengers complained of the stench from the doctor's cabin while he occurred the starboard on him. I Alexander '1 homes shirk, being sworn, was examined by Mr. Pring, and stated that he was one of the bedroom stewards on board the Zealandia in the early part of last year, and that while he was in charge of ttte'dictor's cable between San Francisco and Honolulu it was always kept clean ; he always took the doctor that he ordered from the bill of fare ; the doctor used to make complaints that the food was not good enough for him too food supplied to the doctor was exactly the same as that supplied to the saloon passengers; he never particularly noticed that the doctor was prevented from going about the ship it he liked. By Mr. Blackmore: The forewarned was not a dirty place; after the Chinamen left it was thoroughly disinfected and cleaned. Honora Daley, stewardess of the Zealandia, being examined by Mr. Pring, stated she was stewardess of the Zealandia last your; she remembered the time that Dr. Warren was on board and remembered a lady and gentleman passenger complaining of a bad smell coming from the doctor's cabin : they occupied a cabin next to the doctor's ; she noticed the smell, and it was not a very pleasant one; it seemed to come from the doctor's cabin ; she did not make any report about it, but she tried to get oth if, over to the passengers ; the doctor was removed, the cabin cleaned, and the fine'! disappeared ; the doctor was removed to a cabin on the opposite side, and the same smell si need to come from that cabin ; the food on board the Zealandia is always good. Henry Ghost, captain of the steamship Australia, and formerly chief officer of the Zealandia, was examined by Mr. Pring, and stated that Doctor Wardell was true. ed in the same way as the other officers ; during the inquiry he certainly understood Dr. Warren to insinuate lb at he had treated Captain Webber for a certain disease, but he did not think the captain used the words complained of by Dr. Warren ; he remembered that several of the crew had to be. Set ashore for medical treatment in consequence of the doctor going on shore and not returning in the evening ; no force was used to prevent the doctor going ashore by the mass of the ship everybody was subordinate to the captain. Henry Webber, sworn and examined by Mr. Pring, stated : I am captain of the Zealandia, and have been so since February, 1882; I have been at sea 27 years, and have been in command of several vessels before the Zealandia namely, the Egmont, City of Melbourne, Gunga. Elamang, Katoomba, Wentworth, Collator, end scorn, all belonging to the A. S. N. Company, and temporarily in other vessels in January last year the Zealandia was in the port of Sydney, and I was in want of a doctor, and my agents, Gilchrist, Watt, and Company, appointed Dr. Warren in consequence of an application made by Dr. Warren I consulted Mr, Watt, and he left it to me to make the doctor as comfortable as possible, and instead of letting him occupy the usual surgeon's cabin, 1 let him have a state cabin on the port side of the saloon, and allowed him to dismantle it to suit his own convenience ; he did not express any dissatisfaction to me about it, and if I remember rightly it was his own choice; nothing particular occurred on the voyage, except that complaints were made by lady passengers of their food having been stopped by the doctor's orders, and a complaint from a deputation of gentlemen passengers with reference to the doctor have circulated a report that several of severing gentlemen passengers were afflicted with disease ; 1 spoke to Dr. Warren about the complaint made by the ladies, and he asked me what the rules were for, and I said that they were to be enforced or relaxed at ray will he told me in a very uncivil way that they ought to be torn down ; there was nothing to prevent my ordering the passengers their meals in their cabins, notwithstanding the doctor's orders to the contrary ; my orders are paramount, and that is the case of iii ot__r:»biOT except ID Î^V______T_L_________J_Ù>«. where the doctor has supreme command of the emigrants ; I spoke to the doctor about his speaking of the gentlemen, and pointed out what harm it would do the ship, and he said ; there was one passenger who ought not to be allowed to live ; j he had previously reported to me that this particular season- | ger was suffering from disease; we arrived at San Francisco on the morning of the 20th February on that day I the purser was helplessly drunk; I saw him under the influence. of drink a few days afterwards; he was not attending to his duties properly; I told him to make out the ship's accounts to see how the ship stood ; he did not do it thoroughly, I communicated with the ship's agent, and a code telegram was sent to William Pierce, the ship's owner, at Glasgow, from whom I received a reply, and in consequence of such reply I suspended the Purser from duty; in doing so I considered was acting for the best interests of the ship, and I was acting solely as captain of the vessel on that voyage I had a large amount of treasure on board bullion and specie-, and the purser and I had joint charge of it after the suspension of the purser I went down to the office of the Pacific Mail Company, and the general ment Mr. H. P. Williams, informed me that Dr. Warren had sent a cablegram to William Pierce that was opposed to our telegram re- the purser M'Donald on the 23rd January Dr. Warren havng been absent from the ship for several days the chief engineer reported to me that one of his men was sick owing to a sore arm, and was unable to work ; the carpenter and one of the seamen were also ill and unable to work in consequence of the doctor's absence they had to be sent on shore for treatment, and I paid ten guineas for the medical attendance the rule In all vessels is that when a vessel is in port officers wishing to go ashore have to obtain permission from the captain if he is on board, and in his absence the chief officer, and so on down the. scale, even to the fourth officer on Monday the 29th January, I held an inquiry in the main saloon into the conduct of Dr. Warren ; the object of tbeinqiiiiy was to investigate the sending of the telegram by Dr. Warren, his leaving the ship without permission, and the inebriety of the purser; I forget whether I told the doctor what the objects of the inquiry were; I told him I requested him down in the saloon, and he was very insolent and was going ashore ; the inquiry was held in the usual way that such inquiries were held, and that is the usual way of dealing with insubordination; Dr. Warren was allowed every opportunity of making use of any defence he chose to make ; when I spoke to him about leaving the ship without the chief officer's permission, be said that Mr. "Watt told him that he would have nothing to do with the ship on her arrival at San Francisco, and that he would not have time for £10 per month, as he could earn that in one day in Sydney, the doctor denied having sent the telegram to Mr. Fierce ; he said that M'Donald came to him and asked him to send it; some conversation followed, when Dr. Warren shook his fist at me and said, "You had better mind what you are saving or I will expose you and your disease. What disease did you consult me for this trip?" I replied, "Do you mean to insinuate that you were treating me for tiny loathsome disease?" and he replied, " I insinuate nothing. Captain Webber;" and Mr. Tyler said, " Excuse me, Dr. Warren, yon led us to understand. From your express on that you were treating Captain Webber time loathsome disease ;" 1 reminded the two officers that the doctor had attended me one day, and I told them I had a pain across the home, and that I had had a serious fall in Hongkong, from which I had not recovered : Dr. Warren sneeringly said that every man had a fall when suffering from that; I did not at the inquiry, 'or in anyone eWe presence, use the words to Dr. Warren mentioned in his declaration about being a spy, ore. ; 1 demanded the key of the surgery from him, and told him he would be suspended from duty until further notice, and that he was not to go ashore without the permission of the chief officer or myself ; he gave up the key of the surgery, and asked see if he might go ashore, as he had an appointment; 1 Bald 2 Yes," but that he was to report himself when he came on board on his return in suspending him I acted by virtue of my authority, and in no other way; I did nA interfere in any way with his personal liberty, with the exception that on the morning of the 28th he came to my cabin door fully dressed for the shore and stated he was going ashore ; I told him he could not go, and be asked why. and I said Simply because you cannot ;'' he replied, '' If I go what will you do?" and I said "I shall take (be necessary proceedings ; " he then said, "You'd better mind what you're doing with me, "for I shall take the Supreme Court out of you from that hour to the present not one single syllable has passed between us, and I did not instruct any of my officers or crew to prevent Dr. Warren by force from going ashore or to interfere in any of av with his movements. At this stage the further hearing of evidence was adjourned till Monday. In Equity-Before his Honor the PRIMARY JUDGE.) HEYDON AND ANOTHER V. WITTOWSKI. Dr. Sly, instructed by Mr. G. J. Sly, asked for a commission to estimate Buns Take, one of the plaintiffs at Havana, Cuba, before Mr. A de C. Crowe, British Consul at that town. His Honor granted the commission, returnable in five months-. The chief clerk was ordered to rattle the order ; costs to be costs in the cause. CLIFF V. THE COMMISSIONER FOR RAILWAYS. Mr. H. F. Barton, instructed by MISTS. Way and Way, for the plaintiff; Mr. A. H. Simpson, instructed by the Crown Solicitor, for the defendant. His H OMI u had given judgment in favour of the defendant, but had stated that he would like to hear argument on the question of costs, as he was not prepared to say they should follow the event in this instance. Mr. Barton proceeded to argue that the case had really been one of great doubt, and the point had been submitted to the Court to test the question whether the defendant, when he took a portion of a man's property, was required to take the whole. There were certain provisions in the Railway Act which required the defendant to pay all the costs, and he argued that they should be applied to such a case as this, as the intention of the Legislature should be deemed to be in favour of the plaintiff. His HONOR said that his opinion had been in favour of the plaintiff in this matter of costs, and if he had made it part of his judgment, he would certainly have given any costs. He therefore called upon the defendant's counsel. Mr. Simpson submitted that the plaintiff should pay defendant his costs. He had claimed compensation for 10 acres, and the Court had had no doubt as to there being no claim for 5 acres. The question had then been about 1 acre of cultivated land, is to which the decision had been in favour of the def dant. His HONOR said that, bearing in mind that the better , road had been taken away from the plaintiff, and that this was a compulsory resumption, he did not think he should make any order as to costs. PENNY V. SLOUGH AND ANOTHER. Mr. W. G. Walker moved, under the provisions of the Partition Act. for a deer, of for a sale of the property devised by the late William M. Penny. '! here was no power for partition, though there was for a sale. A plea had been agreed to, and the defendants to make equality of partition were to pay £100 to the plain tiffs. It was proposed that there should be 50 order as to costs. His HONOR said he would make a decree in terms of the statement presented by counsel from the date of the filing of an affidavit, that. the equality of the partition. M'CLVIM. V. HARRIS!. AND ANOTHER. SAME V. SAME. Mr. W. G. Walker informed his HONOR that it had been arranged that these two suits should stand over until after the vacation. -~- ? ? As a report has been rumours ed that the action Young v. Young has been settled, we have been requested to state that such is not the fact, although overtures are now being made with a view to bringing about that result. 