Beats Wilkie Collins, ' I have all the wives and children I want already,' said Charles McHugh on Saturday to Justice Welde, ' and I never saw this woman before.' ' Do you think I could live with a man eight years and not know something about him?' came from Mrs. St. George. ' Wouldn't I know him after an absence of four weeks?' The Justice thought she ought to. 'If you don't believe me, Judge, look at the nail of the third finger on the left hand and you will find that it is turned to the right.' 'That's so,' replied the sergeant. ' Now, brush away the hair on the back of his head aud you will find a scar where he was struck with a hammer,' said Mrs. St. George, blushiug, ' four years ago.' ' There's the scar, sure cuoutrh,' said the sergeant, excitedly. ' That proves it.' 'If you will examine his left thumb carefully you will see the marks of a felon, which he had last winter.' The thumb showed unmistakable evidence of having been affected iu something after that fashion. ' Why do you abandon your wife, and then deny that you are her husband ?' asked Justice Welde. 'Yes, why do you, Michael?' said Mrs. St. George. 'I tell you I never saw her before,' replied Charles in au unhappy manner. Then he asked, hopefully, ' Have I ever lost any of my fingers ?' 'No,' said the woman, 'you had them all four weeks ago.' 'See,' said McHugh, triumphantly holding up the stump of one finger. ' I lost that years ago.' '?Oil !' exclaimed Mis. St. George, 'you must have lost that within a month. Michael, whatever have you been doing?' ' But it couldn't heal in a month.' 'Why, I should know those hands anywhere,' observed Mrs. St. George ; 'but I have witnesses; bring on the children,' with au air of one starting the procession. The procession came on. They were three pledges of affection. The pledges all ran to McHugh and called him '? papa.' 'Papa,' pulled out a Handkerchief and wiped his brow. The situation was getting decidedly desperate. 'My husband has beautiful teeth,' remarked Mrs. St. George. Mr. McHugh caught at the words as a drowniug man at a straw. He lifted his huge mustache and showed that his were black and broken. Mrs. St. George screamed, blushed scarlet and turned away her head. Then she looked again, and this time she was pale. 'No,' she said, slowly, 'those are not my husband's teeth. I do not understand it, but I must have been1 mistaken.' Mr. James Healy, a master carpenter and builder at No. 207 East 105th street, ? for whom St. George worked for four' years until a month ago. was in court prepared to swear that McHugh was St. George. 'St. George. had a peculiar twitching of the muscles about the eye,' said Mr. I Healy, ' as has this man, and a habit of arching bis eyebrows, which were very - bushy. This man's eyebrows are bushy and he arches them. The manner, size aud voice are all the same. The finger was the only thing that puzzled me. I have talked with St. George a dozen times a day for four years and ought to know him pretty well.' A seventeen-ysar-old sou of Mr. Healy was the only person acquainted with St. George who did not feel sure that he aud McHugh were identical. Pauline Smith and Miss McNally, who have lived in the same house with St. George for several years, swore that he was McHugh and McHugh was he. Mrs. St. Greorge finally admitted she was mistaken. She is searching the hospitals and the morgue for her hus band, who disappeared some time since. McHugh was in jail two days. He ad mits he had a narrow escape from be coming Mr. St. George An Irish priest of sporting tendencies, who had entered oue of his greyhounds for a coursing match, said to his servant — ' Well, Pat, is the dog in good condi tion for the match?' ' Dade then, he's not, sir, for I'm sorry to say the haste's committed sacrilege.' ' Mother av Moses! what d'ye mane ? ' 'The saints S reserve us, yer riverence, if the hound idn't sneak into the chapel and drink up every dhrap av the holy water.' 'Is that so? Aw, well, then he's sartin to win ; for sure, Pat, the divil himself will never be able to catch him now.' Ghosts. — An attempt is; being made in tbe old country to revive the belief in visitaot from another world, nod many Are the wonders ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is. however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How do I know that yon arc not a bit of undigested bread ?' for, of all tbe ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread is tbe most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt the sorest spell against ghosts by using Uorwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread : for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it mill raise bread in tbe most admiiable fashion. Every wise storekeei er has it by him, and very good ho'ifle^vise boys it. Small Capitalists wisning k Establish a Business should see if there it au t-peniug for a Mineral Water Manufactory in their district, All information and receipts for the purpose ti making Lemonade, Soda Water. Ac., is given previous knowledge is not necessary. The jemand for these drinks is so much on the in crease, in all parts of the world,- that tbcoutlay for the machinery in all cases leadB to a prov able and safe business. Catalogue forwarded free, or can be b:.,. .it the office of this paper on ?lavment of Is. — Barnett and Foster. Engi* eora 230. Forston street. London. N. To Clean and Peebeeve Silveb Electbo-Plate, &c; — Oaket's (London) Non- Mercurial Silvehsmith's Soap is guaranteed to be free from mercury or any injurious ingredients too often need in the Manufacture of plate powder, and is sold in pap.kfttH by storekeepers eenerally.— [Advt.1 Woman's Sphehe — There are ew men now so benighted as to believe tbat woman's mission can be summed np in Shakespeare's words : ' To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worse for knowing how to bake bread or make a custard, and in both these little arts she is greatly assisted by Messrs. Borwick k Sons, who, for ber conveni ence, have produced their celebrated ' Baking Powder' and Gold Medal ' Custard Powder.' With the former article the most palatable bread, cakes, and pastry can be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble, - whilst, with the latter, she Is independent of the domestic hep, and ean make.tbe most delieiom custards, blane-manges, Idti, at half the Wua. time. 