' ROYAL' 'SPORT IN INDIA. It seems incredible, says the -London Figaro, that the Duke- of Connaught should be -guilty of. cruelty either to 'man or beast, and yet the account in the Punjaub Herald of the adventures of jus / Royal Highness's pig-sticking party is not pleasant reading. Here are one orj two Avtrante ? ? ' rtn rofiirnirifr o lino . Ivuli* was sighted in the open. The Duke and his party immediately went off in pursuit, and so hotly was the boar pressed that be took refuge in a small pond. The Duke and Dr. Kavanagh waited for bim on the brink, but not for long, for without the ? least warning he made a fierce charge, at the gallant doctor, who delivered his spear with such force and steadiness, that it passed right through bim, sticking into the ground on the opposite side. The Duke then speared tbe boar a second time, and Dr: Kavanagh a third time. After so terrible an assault he rushed among the trees, where it was impossible to follow him. After a few minutes, however, be gave up tbe ghost, and - expired.' Another boar waa ' badly ' speared' by Lord Downe; but be' (the boar) nevertheless went : away at a rattling pace, pursued by the whole party. Dr. Kavanagh overtook bim and - speared bim, the spear-bead breaking, ofij and sticking in the boar's bead 'so far . that it could not be extracted. H.R.H. now came up and favored Mr Boar with another spear, and Lord Downe, finding bis horse so severely wounded, banded. Dr. Kavanagh bis spear. The Duke and Major .Knox, were still in pursuit of the . wounded boar, when Dr. 'Kavanagh set off, and found the boar standing at; bay. H.R.H. again speared the boar,/ who ran under the Duke's horse, causing the animal to rear and plunge violently. Again Dr. Kavanagh and the Duke . used their spears, but it was reseryedfor Major Knox and Dr. Scott to finally . despatch liim. The boar was a. real . plucky one, and fought likea tiger.'. And much more to the same effect. It is also recorded that the Duke of Connaught 'congratulated' Dr. Kavanagh upon bis . skill, and the deadly effect of Tiis spear,'. ' while the Duchess, who had witnessed', the whole scene from the howdah, was quite - excited, and Beemed to enjoy the sport considerably.' We do not wish to cast any reflections upon their Rqyal . Highnesses, but we hope that there are many brave Englishmen who would :-no£ congratulate anybody on the torture;even of a boar, and many courageous English women who would not ' enjoy the 'sport considerably.' 