MADEMOISELLE DEJAZET. Twenty-five years ago "LaGrisette de Beranger" was played in Paris. The part of Lfeette vas taken by the celebrated Virginle Dejazet. The famous old actress had lost all her teeth. la honour of the new part .she was to personify, she ordered a beautiful new set. Finding her teeth nncomfortable, ahe removed them as soon as the play was over, and put them into her pocket. In the green room, she imprudently eat £h them, and rose instantly, with a scream. What is the matter 1" asked genial old Adolphe Dennery. "Nothing," smiled Mademoiselle Dejazet, " I only bit myself." Why is ITp-nlmi the strongest man in the world? BeoauBS he pulled the Sydney Beach up the Parramatto. Insurance Official your father die I" : ound him guiMy- n "Of what complaint did Applicant: "The jury Stationmaster to old lady who had just entered ipartments: "Axe yon firet- claaa, ma'am 1° Yes' you, how are you 1" "Land," said a school teacher; "is measoredin roods, leagues, and bo forth: now what a surveyor?" "A Land Leaguer," shouted . small son of a follower of Mr FamelL . An old farmer, who wrote to an editor, aslring how to get rid of moles, and received the reply "Plourfi them out," answered back, "Cant do it 1 Its on my darter's nose 1" A pompous and opinionated man, when discussing a certain matter with a lady, exnlMmnHj "I know I am right, Tnnd«n. I Bar perfectly sure that I am- I'will bet my ears on it, 1" "Do you think -it Tight to cany betting to such extreme lengths ?" quietly responded the lady. A man wits taking aim at a hawk that was lerched on a tree near his chicken-coo^ when lis little girl exclaimed, "Don't take aim, Let it go off by accident." "Why so?" a the father, "'Cause every gun that goes off by ew Courts of Justice the other day, bong exhausted, asked for a glass of water, whereupon the judge turned to across-exsmming counsel, and said blandly, "Dont you thmk you'd better let this witness go, seeing that you nave pumped him dry?" Astory is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman, who tried toweanhsr husband.from the public-house by employing her brother to act the of a ghost, and frighten John on his way b. "Who are you?" said the'guid man the appaxition rose before him from behint bush. '1am Auld Nibk," was the reply. "Come awa', man," said John, nothing daunted. "Gie's a* shake o' your hand—I am married tae a sister o' yours." First Chicago lady: "Speaking of weddingcake reminds me that an aunt of mine has a >ieoe of hers. It is forty years old.!' Second Jhicago lady : "Only a piece ? How careless 1 I have the whole of mine. X did not allow it to be cut." First Chicago lady: "But what are you saving it for!" Second Chicago lady "You know, wedding cakes are a good deal of trouble to make, and I thought I might need mine again some time. One can never tell what may happen 1" A headstone in London contributes the following to the number of peculiar, not to say imical, epitaphs on record:— Beneath this stone our baby toys, It neither.crie8 nor hollers, It lived but one-and-twenty days, And cost us forty dollars. One million boxes of matches are produced daily by one machine in use at a factory in Sweden. The statement seems incredible, but it is well vouched for. 