THE PARLIAMENT. . UEGISLA.TIVE COUNCIL. WEDNESDAY. FEBBUABT 6. Iha President took the Chair at 2 o'clock. SUCCESSOB TO StE WILLIAM MORGAN. The Hon. R. A. T ABLTON asked—' la it the in Ipntinn of the Government immediately to issrin » wnc lor tne eiecuuii ux a. meuiuer 01 sai3 council to fill the vacancy caused by the death of the late Hon. Sir 'William Morgan ; if so, will the election be con -ducied under the Act of 1S72 or 1SS2 ? Or i3 it their intention to wait till after the dissolution of tie House of Assembly?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WOBKS (Hon. J. G. Ramsay) replied :— ' Yes. The election wllllbe conducted under Act No. 236 of 1881, for the Central District, as therein defined.' PAPERS. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Ramsay) laid on the table Statement of receipts and disbursements for .South Australia for the quarter ending December Si, 1883. ' ^^ Additional rules and regulations for the auditing of public accounts. INFANTS' CUSTODY BILL. This BQl was received fromtheHouseof Assembly 'with an amendment on the amendment inserted by the Legislative Council. To be printed and taken into consideration ou 'Tuesday naxt. iSIBATHALBYN AND MIDDLETON BAILWAY BILL. This Bin was received from the House of Assembly frith the reasons for_disagreeing'witb. the amend ments inserted by the Legislative Council. ? To be printed and taken into consideration on 'Tuesday next. : ' ABOLITION OF OATHS BILL. Adjourned debate on second reading. i The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS ?[Hon. J. G. Ramsay) said when he moved the ad journment of the debate it was because the usual hour tCi adjournment had arrived, and as he knew several i ton. members wished to speak he thought it was ,-an opportune time for taking the action that he .had. - For this reason he did not intend to make a ? lengthy speech ; but besides this the subject had t been bo eloquently discussed, and reports of these -discussions circulated by means of the Pres3, that -lion, members had quita made up their minds as to tow they were going to vote. . He would admit, how ever, that the Hon. Mr. Baker had introduced thi3 Bill in a very able speech, but the difficulty was that he had a very bad cause to support. (Hear, Aear.) It must also be admitted that thateentle ,man had been most ably answered by the Hon. Mr. JSalom. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. Mr. Baker brought forward several ancient philosophers and Christian fatners who discountenanced the taking .of oaths, but that was merely a question of opinion, And probably as many ancient philosophers and Christian fathers could be got on the other side, .it would be admitted that the Hon. Mr. Salom had ?conclusively proved that if the taking of oaths was derived from Pagan times originally, it had bee n .adopted by the Jews from the earliest times, incor XKJiated in the Mosaic dispensation, and subse quently into the Christian. In every case it was -dsed as a means of eliciting the truth. So far as .precedent was concerned, no argument had been Brought forward for the abolition of oaths, because it was well known that the Mohammedans, Budd iiists, and the followers of Confucius took oaths and Invoked the Supreme Being, in whom they believed. At least three-quarters of the population of the JWOrld believed in the takinz of oaths in one form or other, the object being the eliciting of righteous ness and; truth. Every man had something in bis breast which told him that there was a superior Being to himself, and when he took an oath he called on this Being- to witness his words, and as he remembered this invocation he would be more likely to tell the truth than otherwise. The fact that this practice was so universal should make fchdm pause and seriously consider what was in solved in the abolition of oaths. Although some Christian fathers and Pagan philosophers differed in opinion as to whether oaths should be taken or not, lie felt certain that every practical man would see that they had done a vast deal of good in assist ing in the eliciting of the truth. (Hear, hear.) He agreed that a great many men would speak the truth whether they took the oath or not, and that there were a few men who would tell an un truth even although they had taken an oath ; but in the interests of those who told the truth the oath should be retained, because there were many persons who would not, undor ordinary circumetances, hesitate to prevaricate in their own interests, but who would not lie if placed on their oath. He admitted, however, that the system of administering the oath in some of our Courts of Law was defective, but that could be im proved; indeed he was of opinion that the Judges of the Supreme Court had initiated a more decorous method of taking the oath, and the same habit should be insisted on in the inferior Courts, whera the clerks often gave the oath in a flippant way, which strongly contrasted with the reverent way in which' it was taken. The Hon. Mr. Baker bad said that ton. members did not know what the words of the oath they had taken were ; but this was not a fair illustration, because hon. members were aware of the purport of their oath, and they would be very careful not to do anything which would conflict with their oaths. Xha real object here was to rnakejpersons take the oath where evidence might influence Courts of Justice. The Eon. Mr. Baker had also urged that oaths should be abolished because they were abused, but the same might be said of a good many things that were in general use— (Hear, bearj— and therefore the general principle that oaths should be retained to elicit truth from witnesses in Court3 of Justice ?was not affected by the fact that they had been abolished in other relations. We must deal with the world as we fonnd it. The millenial stage had not yet begun to dawn, when there would be no need for oaths and other things, and people con tinued to get into trouble and to come to Courts of Law, and anything which tended to the eliciting of truth should not be removed. In the interests of morality, therefore, he hoped hon. members would vote against the second reading of the BilL The Hon. Mr. Spence had referred to ihe assevera tions of boys in his native country, such as ' As true as death,' and bad expressed the opinion that it did not tend to make boys any the more truthful. Now be held a very different opinion, and he could readily remember that boys, who, under other con ditions would perhaps not hesitate to prevaricate, would tell the truth when they said the3e words, and just the same principle obtained in after life. He also said that* under certain circumstances it was quite right to break an oath, but if he held such morality as that he did not wonder that the Hon. Mr. Spence should be found supporting this The Hon. J. B. SPENCE had said that King Harold was compelled to take an oath, and he did quite right to break it. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS ?(Hon. J. G. Ramsay)— He did not think that he had misunderstood the hon. member, and if he held such notions of religion and morality he was not surprised to find him supporting this Bill. The Hon. W. SANDOVER hoped if he took the opposite side to that taken by the Commissioner of Public Works he would get credit for conscien tiousness. He bad seen as much of the world as the Commissioner of Public Works, and had been in it as long as he had, and he thoroughly believed, with Cicero, that 'a man who would not hesitate to tell a lie would not hesitate to perjure himself.' Cicero knew a good deal about human nature. Then jt should be remembered that for the first six hundred years nearly all Christians obeyed the injunction ' Swear not at all,' and so far as he could read the priests were the persons who were guilty of the introduction of this system of oaths. They ruled monarchs, and in a sense the world, and in olden times it was well known that it was no infrequent occurrence for oaths to be broken —diplomatists did not hesitate to break their oaths when it suited them. These men professed religion, and were ruled to a large extent by the Church, and could it be said that their morality was better than that in vogue nowadays, when oaths had been done away with in a great many instances? Did witnesses now always speak the truth because they took the oath in Courts of Justice ? Rather was it that they feared prosecution for per jury, and if we had a Public Prosecutor to pro secute in all cases where false evidence was given, it would have a fir greater effect than the retention of the oath. Every one who had been in the Police Court must have been struck with the promptness with which the depraved of both sexes took the cook and kissed it ; but could it be asserted that they always told the truth! He had met with a large number of professing Christians who were recognised as Christians by the sects to which they belonged, who were more influenced_ by their fear of punishment in this world in their relations to their neighbours than by their reverence to tha Deity. He would read an extract from an article in the Fortnightly Review for the year !S3i, which bore very closely on this subject : — ' Some nations have discouraged^oaths as much as others have encouraged them. Thi3 is said to have been the case with the ancient Phrygians. Mahomet disperse! with them in judicial testimony, although like Moses, he incorporated religion with the elements of his law. Mohamedan Governments have made a point of abstaining from them on almcst all occasions ; and they are very obnoxious to those among the Hindus who pretend to any principle or character. The British, proceeding, as usual, on strict and general rules, have introduced the in novation systematically into their Eastern Empire ; but with such little benefit that the late Ramohun Boy, whilst lamenting the extent to which native falsehood is at present prevalent in our Courts, ex pressly states that it hasyrown up under our system, and was not so before. The Christian sects which object to the lawfulness of oaths probably have the average proportion of vice and virtue among their members. It has never been surmised that in con sequence of this tenet any deduction was to be made from the ordinary credit of Quakere and Mormons.' Ho respected hon. members who held conservative views on this question, bft at the same time he would ask them to respect the views of those who differed from them in this mattter. He would give way to no ™' in his reverence for the Deity, but he believed the invocation of His name in order to secure the truth from a witness in a particular case was derogatory to the Creator. He was impressed viththe view that this state of things arose out of tha priestly svstem. which had had the effect of demoralizing the whole community. It was at one time not only a common expression to say 'as drunk as a lord,' but also ' to swear like a lord.' Any one reading stories of the end of last century or thj} beginning of the present one knew that the anstocmtic c'ass, whose cadets would iu many cases become Bishops, were notorious swearers. At the present day it was a frequent saying among the lower classes in our streets, 'May God strike me dead if I don't speak the truth !' Did any sane man believe the truth was told in consequence of that invocation ? They would rind that in countries whe:e the piiests held exclusive sway— he need not particularize, but hon. members would know what country he meant— the Deity's name was invoked on every trivial occasion — on parting from friends, on bargaining for a cow or a pig- In the olden time any male member of the community was made to swear allegiance to the Crown ; but that did not prevent the yonng apprentices from constantly causing riots in the streets. He would read another extract from the same article :-' According to the old Roman system the prosecutor in public crimes could not stir without making a preliminary oath on the justice of his charge. Yet the splendid ignominy in which false accusations flourished under the Reman Empire was without a parallel in history. At the beginning of every lawsuit both parties were obliged by both the civil and the canon law to swear that their demands and defences were put forward in good faith, that they would use no cavils and give co unneces sary trouble. Nevertheless, the account given by Domat of the experience of France is only a repeti tion of the experience of. other countries. ' It served to no other purpese than to be as occasion of per jury either to on e party or to the other, or sometimes even to both ; and attuouph this oath has been ret£wed in tcrce cases by tha ordinances, yet at present it is altogether disused, and no mention made of it'' The article further stated that the cath of a law seijeant imported that he could give ' true counsail after his cunning-, that ke will not defer causes for cczetise of money, and iat he will attend accordingly.' Now, did any one suppose that the lawyers of that day were any better than those of the present time, or thit they studied the depths oi their clients' pockets in a more considerate manner than they did now? Whether the Bill passed or not he was pleased to see that public ooinion, a3 represented by the Parliament of this colony, was approaching a settle ment of this question in the most satisfactory way. Be was pleased to think that this colony had taken the lead in this reform — a reform which wonld do much to increase morality, truth, and justice among us— as it had taken the lead in so many other im portant and beneficial changes. He trusted -a majority of the Council would support the Bill, and if not, he felt sure the time was near when this matter would be settled according to the best inte rests of the country, and the opponents of tha measure would discover that their fears of its effect were totally unfounded. The Hon. A. HAY took the opposite side of the question to the hon. member who had just sat down. That hon. member had read from a book published fifty years ago about what wa3 done in ;he days of the Roman Empire, so that he had gone back a long way to find something to assist him. From the way in which he spoke about men using profane language when bargaining at the market, and men taking the oath in Courts of Justice, the hon. member appeared to consider_them one and the same thing. This was one o£ the moit important questions likely to come before them this session — (Hear, hear)— and he thought the oath now in vogue was effective both for the good and purity_ of the community. The Hon. Mr. Sandover said it was an unworthy thing to introduce the name of God in our Law Courts. He would ask where, in the name of fortune, the name of God could be used to better advantage than to induce the telling of tha truth in cases where the ruin of individuals and families was concerned? Should the name of God simply be introduced in Churches, and solely be used on one particular day of the week 1 He quite 3 greed that the present manner of taking the oath was.a mistake, and that it should be administered in a more decorous manner. (Hear, hear.)' Was it likely, however, that any harm would accrue from the proper administration of the oath, and was it not probable that a witness after taking such an oath would be more inclined to tell the truth than if be had not taken it ? It did not at all follow— as some hon. members seemed to snppose — that God would only punish perjurers in the world to come — He might very pro bably punish in this world the man who insulted Him to His face. The Hon. Mr. Sandover said morality, truth, and justice would be furthered by the adoption of the Bill ; but did the hon. member really think this would be the case ? He thought the present system was beneficial not only iu ex tracting the truth from witnesses, but that in many cases its administration started them in a new and better course in life. The advocates of the Bill simply proposed to tell the witness that if he did not speak the truth he would be put in the Stockade. Again, the introduction of a public prosecutor who should indict those who committed penury might be most disastrous. He believed perjury often arose merely from the fact that the witness only looked at the question from his own point of view, and had no intention of being dis lonest in bis evidence. He denied altogether that the taking of the oath was profanity. (Hear, hear.) He hoped for the good of the community that the name of God would be constantly taken in Courts of Justice in case3 which .involved life or death, or in which the fortunes and liberty of our fellowcolo nists were concerned. The Hon. A. CAMPBELL might say at once that the Bill had his sympathies, and he thought the discussion on such an important question would do a great deal of good. But he would like to see the question more discussed outside the House, and in this respect he would not feel it very severely if the Bill at the present time did not go any further. (Hear, hear.) In discussing this question it was well for them to keep before their minds the simple issues which the Bill raised. The first issue was — Is a greater amount of true testimony secured by the administration of an oath than without it? and the second — Does the administration of the oath in every case tried in our Law Courts tend to the redaction of the general tone of public veracity? To the first he was pre pared to say no, and to the second yes — that was, that the oath did not secure on the whole a larger amount of truth, and its indiscriminate use tended to the injury of general truthfulness. (Hear, hear.) It seemed to him unnecessary to lead off a generil attack upon oath-taking. A very careful examina tion of the question had led him to the conviction that the taking of an oath was not in itself a profane act ; neither was it in its nature calculated to injure the morals ot the person swearing. The sanctions of our common faith were undoubtedly given to oath-taking. These words were to be found m our Scriptures — ' Thou shalt fear the Lord thy God and serve Him, and shalt swear by His name.' He did not forget that the words ' Swear not at all' were likewise part of the same code. The object of the first was to prevent the swearing by false gods, while the purpose of the second was clearly to counteract that profuse and uncalled-for use of oaths into which the Jew3 had fallen in later days. To his mind there was nothing antagonistic in these two injunctions ; neither was there any condemnation of oath-taking under proper circumstances. In his opinion they need not, there fore, enter into the abstract question of the right ness and wrongness of oath-taking, but to the con ditions which governed their lawful use. Oaths had undoubtedly been employed from the earliest ages. Jews, Greeks, and Romans swore upon oath, while in our own country the practice had existed for centuries. The striking feature in the history of oaths, and that which called for our special attention, was their widespread use among these nations, and the demora lization which every historian attributes to this circumstance. Among the Jew3 the most trivial occasion called for an oath in every social relation, until history told us that ' the levity of the Jewish nation with regard to oaths became notorious.' (Hon. Mr. Salom— 'Oh, dear no.') This was proved by the language of Jeremiah the Prophet, when he said ' that through much swear ing the land mourneth.' 'With the Greeks, again, we found them swearing by every god in the calendar, until history again said ' the crime of perjury be came an everyday occurrence, and a Greek became among the Romans only another name for a liar.' Rome did not escape the same demoralization, while history spoke of England at the beginning of the last century, in the words of Berkley, as ' there being no nation under the sun where solemn perjury is so common, insomuch that men nowadays break their fast and a Custom House oath with the same peace of mind.' (Laughter.) They did not require to go very far back in the history of England to get to the time when it took seven oaths to get a chest of tea out of bond, and when the professional swearer of oaths could be distinguished outside the bonded warehouses walking up and down with the significant straw sticking out by the side of his shoe, and coeval with this, it was well known that every official, from the village constable to the Lord- Lieutenant of the county, had to take an oath. By reason of this wide-spread application of oaths the public veracity became so degraded, and the religious sense of the community so outraged, that the vast number of these oath-taking occasions, much to the relief of England, had Deen swept away. It became perfectly apparent to society that while oaths might be lawful and_ even righteous in themselves, their frequent administration under trivial and unnecessary circumstances tended to destroy national truthfulness. And this he apprehended was a very important perception in the discussion of this question, and for this reason, that the same evil arose in the indiscriminate use of oath3 in our Law Courts as arose in the nation at large. Some little proof misiht be necessary upon this point, but these proofs were not very deep or diffi cult to find. He would point at once to the influence the frequent and trivial use of the oath had upon the Court itself. No part of the Court's proceed ings partook of greater formality, no part was Ies3 attended to by both Judge and Jury, and no part was so gabbled and hnrried over as when 'the greasy, foul-smelling volume, thumbed .by the hands of countless perjured witnesses,' was handed to be kissed. (Hon. Mr. Hay— ' Shame.') The words of the present Lord Chief Justice of England were fully borne out by fact when he said — ' A religious man must surely feel distressed when he thinks of the extent to which the highest sanctions of religion are profaned in thousands of instances every day— the ' So help me God' issuing glibly from the lips of attorneys, magistrates, clerks, and Court criers, under circumstances almost precluding any idea of reverence.' But the very law itself no longer had regard to the sacred sanctions of an oath, in tha 'thou shalt swear by my name.' English law no more recognised, in the anx'ety to extract an oath, the existence of God, than it did the existence of Jove, Menu, or Iaou; because it was well known that a man might swear on just what he pleased — a luciter match, a broken saucer, a cock's head, or upon a crucifix, as well as upon the Gospels, and in this way the value of an oath.as a public recognition of a sacred truth was absolutely abandoned. And upon the witnsss bearer, so far as public morals were concerned, what was the result of this indiscriminate administration of oaths 1 We had the full evidence ofats demora lizing effect in the many paltry subterfuges which witnesses songht, not to evade the oatn, bat to evade the truth. ' I did not swear it, I only kissed my thumb' was a common expression, and this was said, not to evade the oath, bat to mitigate the lie which was told. Thus was public truthfulness being demoralized. Lord Sherbrooke viewed this position aright when he said ' It is the tendency of all attempts to surround a simple and positive duty with attributes of unusual solemnity to weaken the duty when those attributes of unusual solemnity are withdrawn ; the attempt to increase any obligation which i3 in itself already perfect, serves not to make the obligation stronger, but to teach men to palter with their consciences, and thus to make the sense of right weaker.' The de moralization of all concerned with the adminis tration of oaths wa3 manifest in many ways. He had just had placed in his hands an article on oaths, and his attention had been called to the following sentences. The article was con tained in the Fortnightly Review for August, 1S66 :— 'Moreover, in real truth, oaths are, afterall, a mere casuistical fiction. They are the creation of an imaginary obligation which has no existence except in the minds of those who take them. No man, and no national Legislature, can alter or modify the relation in which each person stands towards the Divine Law and the Divine Lawgiver. The assump tion that a. Court of Justice can invent Iaw3 of moral right and wroDg for the pur poses of society, and uphold thera with spiritual sanctions, is so monstrous that it has only to be brought into tie light of day to disappear like ghosts at cock-crow. A witness in a Court is either under a moral obligation to speak the huth or he i3 cot under it. If he is under it no swearing can deepen the obligation, becaaae it is not originally the creation either of the witness himself or of mere human law. If he i3 not under it, no swearing can create the obligation. By the hypothesis, the telling of truth in a Court of Justice is recognised as a duty to our Creator ; otherwise the introduction of the idea of God at all would be ridiculous. Whether, then, it be a great sin, or a sin, to give false evidence, no human authority canmodifyits greatness or its littleness by merely adding to it or taking from it some additional spiritual penalty at discretion. Here, in truth, we get at the fundamental fallacy involved. To bear false witness is an offence of a certain definite quality of guilt ; and, forgetting that aa offence is' one thing and the particular penalty involved 13 another, we farcy that by the words * So held me, God,' we can; compel a men to consign himself to eternal misery for an offence which, without that formnJa, would be venial in its kind.' He would also refer again to Lord Chief Justice Coleridge's wcrds on this point of judicial oaths. No one could doubt Lord Coleridge's qualifications for giving an opinion on this point. Ke was a religious man, a thoughtful pan, and the head of English law: — '3 he judicial oath is an instance of the way in which the State ha3 always made free with religion for its own purposes, the general result being thai ?while much harm has been done to religion very little good has occurred to the State.' The same authority stated— 'As for perjury, it is committed every day in the Divorce Court, and no attempt is or can be made to prevent it, public opinion mtTTifeim. ing that there are circumstances in which a man would commit a breach of honour if he hesitated to swear falsely. Can anything be done to arrest tbi3 deterioration of public morals ? One thing, at least, we can do; we can put an end to profanity.' He was driven by such evidence to the conclusion that as the country in days gone by fras obliged on the ground of public morality to limit materially the use of oaths, so we in our time must go on to a greater limitation of judicial oaths, and where that limitation was he would en deavour to point out on other grounds. The answer to the Question of limitation was a very practical one, and brought him back to his first pro position. Did the administration of an oath secure more {truth-speaking than without it? If it did, even although it exercised a prejudicial influence upon public veracity, there was some show of reason for it3 existence ; if it did not, then its limita were not difficult to define. He knew that they had had in this discussion the asseveration of several hon. members, whose experience in petty Courts was extensive, that it did act as a deterrent to lying, or rather a goad to truth-telling. He knew equally well that Justice Stephens approved of it, for he said, ' Whether or not there is any specific difference between perjury and other specially malignant forms of wilful falsehood, there can be no doubt that the administration of an oath exer cises a powerful influence over mens* minds, and it is unquestionably desirable to have the benefit of that influence where circumstances allow it.' But the whole question was here begged by ihe phrase 'Where circumstances allow it. Surely if one thing was clearer than another, it was that the nun who abhorred a lie, when called to give evidence, truth-telling would be to him a plain duty, and the circumstances did not. demand the presence of an oath ; -hile the man whose moral qualities brought no impulses to speak the truth, whqregarded the evasion of his oath as merely a mitigation of the lie he has told, would notbegoaded to truth-telling by the intangible and unseen element in the oath, but by the consequences to which perjury exposed him. It would not be eternal damnation that would weigh with him, but twelve months' imprisonment. -And then again, the circum stances did not warrant the use of the oath. The fact was the force of the path did not lie in the part of it which appealed to the supernatural or the superstitions of men with the clas3 referred to, but In the penalties attached to perjury. The penalties remaining, and the oath removed— at least the religious element of it— and neither more nor less truth would be spoken, but public morality would be greatly advantaged. He need hardly re mind hon. members that when the abolition of oaths and tests took place years ago in England many and serious results were predicted to the Commonwealth, bnt that benighted land liad escaped them alL In these days pronhets would prophesy dire evils if this Bill were passed, but history would again reproduce itself, and nothing would happen. He was per suaded that this Bill was but the outcome of that spirit which was making its way through all our State institutions, and cleaving asunder Church and State. He believed, with Lord Coleridge, that 'the judicial oath is but another instance of the way in which the State has dragged religion into its service.' Our political system was based on the separation of Church and State, our school system laid hold of the same truth, and our marriage laws recognised it ; and this not, because we were an irreligious people, but the reverse. Reli gion was too precious m our sight to be made the slave of the State, and to have her pure garments stained with profanity. We knew well that it was better that the State by State enactments should manage her own affairs, and religion should be reserved for the spiritual necessities of men. This Bill was but the outcome of that, and it had his sympathy and support. The Hon. T. HOGARTH would vote against the Bill because he had heard no argument to alter the opinion which he had formed. Nothing angered a man like calling him a perjured wretch, and for that reason he believed few men could be found who would deliberately go and perjure themselves. '?So help me, God' might be'a common form of asseverationamongstbullock-dnvers.sheep-shearers, and others of that class, but very few of them would formally and deliberately swear what wa3 not true. Every man felt that a day of reckoning would come, and that he had entirely lost his man hood if it should be known that he had deliberately sworn what was not true. He had only been about once or twice in Courts for the last twenty years, but he did not think there were many men who would deliberately perjure themselves; but he coald quite understand that Judges and lawyers on account of the quantity of social corruption which they saw wonld think that mankind was worse than it really was— (laughter)— and for this reason they would desire to see oaths done away with. He was quite sure that nineteen-twentieths of men would not perjure themselves knowingly, and if you called them perjured wretches you had better put your hands up at once. The Hon. J. PICKERING hoped the Hon. Mr. Spence would make some apology to the Scotch members of the Council for saying that they swore on anything in order to get people to believe them. (Hon. Mr. tipence — 'I never said anything of the sort.' Laughter.) Were the Council prepared to sweep away with one stroke the command 'to take oath before God.' He had been very much pleased at the speech delivered by the Hon. Mr. Salom, who clearly showed that the Scriptures were the authority for taking oaths. He was also pleased at the mode adopted by the Hon. Mr. Baker in moving the second reading of the Bill, because he professed to be animated by a desire to conserve true religion. In the town of Devizes a monument was erected in memory of a woman who said 'God strike me dead if I have any money,' and the Almighty did strike her dead, and the money was found on her person. This was conclusive evidence that the Divine Being did take notice when he was called on to witness an oath. He agreed with other hon. members that the administra tion of the oath was often not as it should be ; still he thought it had an excellent effect in recalling a witness to the truth. The discussion would probably never occur again, still he hoped it would not be without a beneficial effect in many. wflv-F ; ~r*i~« -.'«, - a ».*aa-=n/»a^n -h. Ine Hon. w. l-. GLYUK woula give, in as few words as possible, his reasons for supporting the Bill. Doubtless it appeared to many people that in proposing to do away with the final words of the oath they took away one of the bulwarks of religion. He did not think it would do anything of the sort. He thought these ffnn.1 words of the oath were useless, because the truthful man would speak the truth without them, and the liar would not speak the truth in spits of them. The fact that they were used frequently in Court by rascals and ragamuffins made them of little value in that respect. It seemed to him tiiat a solemn declaration to speak nothing but the truth was all that was really reauired, and the fear of a prosecution for perjury would make the dishonest man careful He thought himself that taking an oath, even in a Court, savoured at least slightly of profanity, and he had at least sufficient of the Quaker in him to wish that his yea might be yea, and his nay nay. As showing of how little effect were oaths when men's prejudices or pockets were called in question he would read an extract from the Spectator of Decem ber 15, 1SS3. The case commented on was one where a Jury was empanelled to toy a prisoner who was accused of embezzling the money of his employers, a Co-operative Society. The article said :— ' The prisoner whose guilt or innocence was thus strangely put aside had been a shopwalker in the grocery department of the Army and Navy Co operative Society, and in that capacity was alleged to have been concerned in a very extensive system of fraud. The trial went on as usual until the close of the prosecuting counsel's address ; but at that point one of the Jury rose, and said that the fore man and himself were of opinion that Co-operative Societies were a 'lot of blacklegs'— a phrase which he afterwards explained to mean that the 'military men and Civil servants' by whom co operative stores are carried on 'cheated honest tiadesmen out of their livelihood.' It was in vain that the Recorder reminded the two Jurors that the sole question for their consideration was whether the prisoner had really committed the offence with which he stood charged. What he defined as the sole question for their consideration was not the sole question that these Jurors thought proper to consider. They chose to add to it the question whether men who had, eo to say, pleaded guilty to the charge of carrying on a co-operative store, had any right to look for justice at the hand3 of their countrymen, and this question seemed to two Jurore to be too plain to need discussion. The Dire;tors and Managers of the Army and Navy Co-operative Society, being a 'lot of blacklegs,' had forfeited all right to the protection of the law. It might have been thought, perhaps, that this declaration on the part of these Jurymen was only an ingenious method of getting excused from further attendance. If their plea was accepted they would get out of the box at once, and for that day, at all events, be free to go about their business. But when this had actually happened, another incident occurred which showed that this theory was, at all events, not uni versally true. Two other Jurors took the places of the two who felt so much doubt of their own free dom j'rom prejudice, and the rest of the day was spent in trying the case. When the Recorder had summed up the Jury retired, and at the end of about an nour they came back into Court to announce their hopeless disagreement. Eleven out of the twelve, it seemed, had come to a conclusion, and were ready to give a verdict in accordance with it. But one still held out. He could not satisfy himself that the prisoner had not been the victim of a conspiracy— the only ground, apparently, for holding this to be possible being the circumstance that his employers were the Army and Navy Co operative Society. They were bad enough for any thing; consequently, they were bad enough for thi3. With a Juror of this way of thinking, there was plainly nothing to be done, and he and his fellows were accordingly discharged without giving a ver dict.' That seemed to him to touch very strongly on the question whether even a solemn cath would bind a man to do justice if his prejudices went the other way. The reasons for his voting for the Bill were — Firstly, that the particular form of the old oath savoured of pro fanity; secondly, that the oath as at present administered did not have any effect on a man's moral nature so as to make him tell the trnth ; and thirdly, that although oaths might have been in vogue for many centuries past, they were a relic of superstition of old heathen days, or even of the old Mosaic days, when society was totally different from what it was now. Lastly, he would remind hon. members that this Bill did not abolish the solemn declaration, which would, he believed, be found perfectly efficacious in bringing out the truth. The Hon. W.;c. BULK, opposed the BilL He knew from his own observation— and that was better than going back to old writings on the subject— that the oath had the best effects in Courts of Law in drawing out the truth. He was absent on the previous day, but he had read with interest the Hon. Mr. Salom's speech, which he considered did him great credit as a legislator. He would oppose the I5U1, because he believed that doing away with this mode of eliciting the truth would prevent its being spoken in many instances. The Hon. B. A. TABLTON wonld not detain the House many minutes, still he thought it necessary before giving a vote in favour of the Bill to lay before them his reasons for doing so. He concurred in many of the sentiments expressed by the Hon. Mr. Salom, and admired the spirit and tone in which he had approached the subject. He had listened with sympathy and reverence to the quotations he made ; but while he revered the words which had been quoted, he came to a widely different conclu sion to the hon. member. He took it that in the childhood of a race and in the infancy cf religion many things were imposed and permitted which in the subsequent career of the race would not be considered admissible. (Hear, hear.) Hence he took it that when the great re foimer, Jesus Christ, came to speak to the believers in the very Scriptures which tho Hon. Mr. Salom quoted, He enunciated the principle that in their communications with each other their yea should be yes, and their nay nay, and whatever was more than that ras evil. (Hear, hear.) It wits not his office to abrogate the law, but he laid down principles which since they began to 'permeate the hnman race rendered the technicalities of the' previous law unnecessary. The law said, 'Thou, shalt cot steal ; thoa shalt not commit adultery;' but Christ said, 'Do onto others as ye would that they should do onto yon.' If. a man revered these sentiments of the great father there was aodantter of his n«-Ktig unjustly towards any other man. -The ' fact was that wherever the true sentiments of Jesus Christ.: had. been receifed the nnrlti r plirily of caths have: -gradually . decreased ; i and -he believed that -when they leavened the whole race these oaths would be utterly abolished. (Hear, hear.) He would cill attention to a passage in Numbers, written with divine authority, and he could only get rid of the difficulty connected with it by assuming that things were ad missible in the Infancy of the race which wera inad missible to-day. After the capture of tha Mi dianites Moses said to his young men who brought the captives in — ' Kill every male among the Uttla ones, and kill every woman that hath known r^vn Bnt all the women children that have not known man keep alive for yourselves.' That was said with the sanction of the Highest ; but would such sentiments be tolerated now? They were as abhorrent to-day as the north pole was distant from the south. He believed the Old Testament economy was useful to the people in the earlier stages of i(a existence ; but he also believed that the principles of the later dispensation, in permeating the human' race, would abolish many of the evils from which humanity suffered, and among other things would render unnecessary the use of oaths in oar public Courts. ? The Hon. R. C. BAKER would like to say a few words in reply. The only argument brought against the Bill which had a semblance of logic was that of the Hon. Mr. Salom, who took the Old and New Testaments, and sought to prove from both of them that we had a Divine sanction to swear by God. The hon. member took the injunction of Christ, ''Swear not at all,' and read it in connection with another statement of His in which He said He was not come to destroy the law or the prophets, but to fulfil them. But would a majority of the House follow the hon. member in his conclusion that Christ did not come to abolish the Jewish dispensa tion, but to reform it? and if they followed him in his conclusion they must follow it out to its legiti mate end.' He would - qmote . on this point a commentator who carried' at least as much if not greater authority than that quoted by the Hon. Mr. Salom. Archbishop Whately said :— ' The expressions which the practice causes to be so much in use of ' calling to God to witness,' and of ' invoking the Divine judgment,' tend to induce men to act as if they imagined that God does not witness their conduct unless specially ' called on,' and that he will not judge false testimony unless with our permission. If oaths were abolished, leaving the penalties far false witnesses (no unimportant part of our security) unaltered. I am convinced that, on the whole, testimony would be more trustworthy than it is.' It was evident that Archbishop Whately here referred to oaths in Courts of Law, or he would not refer to the ' penal ties for false witnesses.' The Hon. Mr. Salom also quoted an injunction from Deuteronomy, 'Thou shalt fear the Lord thy God ... to Him shalt thou cleave, and swear by His name ? but that did not intimate to whom a inn was to swear. The passage clearly meantthat a man was to cleayeto God. The expression was in use to tins day, for when a man had a great veneration for another he was said to 'swear by him.' The Hon. Mr. Salom must remember that the Jews were constantly falling away into idolatry— worshipping golden calve3 and images— and they were therefore enjoined to 'swear by God.' The prophet Jeremiah also alluded to the extreme habit of swearing among the Jews when he said, 'The land mourneth on account of much swearing.' (Hon. M. Salom — 'Those were not oaths.') He did not wish to hurt the Hon. Mr. Salom's feelings, but he felt sure he would permit him to say that at the present day no one would for a moment contend that many of the injunctions given by God to the Jews should be adhered to. If they read the Old Testament they would find the most bloodthirsty deeds were com mitted by that race under the Divine command. Would the Hon. Mr. Salom say_ that at the present day we should massacre our prisoners in cold blood? The fact was that in the state of civilization among the Jewish people— in fact, they were a savage race who could scarcely be considered civilized— many things were done under a Divine injunction which would not now be tolerated for a moment. This same argument which had been brought for ward to support the habit of swearins could be advanced in favour of things which everybody con demned. (The Hon. M. Salom — 'No.') The only argument which had really been brought forward wasjthat based on the ignorance and superstition of many persons who took the oath. Indeed, it had been boldly argued by the Hon. Mr. Crozier that the oath should .be retained, because some people under its influence told the truth when they other wise would not do so; but this was a most de grading argument, and, besides, it was eminently fallacious. There were a great many Scotchmen in the Council, and they had been told that the oath in that country was administered with great solemnity, bnt he had read in a Scotch newspaper that perjurv was more common in that country than England. The paper was the Journal of Juris prudence, and the article was quoted in the Law 27;neff,and was called the 'Ninth Commandment': — ';judge— Now, sir, do you understand the nature of an oath ? Witness— Well, my Lord, I think I ought to, as I have twice been convicted of perjury.' (Laughter.) This article showed that periury was very prevalent in Scotland. (Oh.) It wa3 so stated in a Scotch newspaper. (Laughter.) Of course hon. members might say they did not believe it. CTheHon. W. C. Buik— ' Certainly not.') With regard to the Hon. Mr. Hogarth's statement, that hfr cBd not think there was so much pe-ijury aa the Judges and lawyers made out, probably he would have altered his opinion if he had attended the Courts more than once during the past twenty years. As a matter of fact a great deal of perjury did take place, and while the Bill would not abolish it, it would not increase it. The quotation which he would read was : — 'It may so strike a stranger of an impressionable sensibility looking casually into a Court of law, but it does not seem so to strike the witnesses who are brought there to give their evidence upon oath ; indeed the ' solemnity andimpressiveness' of the scene seem generally to bs quite forgotten as soon as the examiner-in-chief, for tified with a tissue of lies politely called aprecogni tion, rises to begin the examination of the witness. We know of no sadder lesson in the dearth of human faith and lionour than that which is learned by a sojourn for a few months in the precincts of our Courts of Justice. The novice is disposed to believe almost every witness who tells his story without manifest contradiction and inconsistency, but a short experience teache3 him to discriminate the 'impressions' made by the 'demeanour1 of the witnesses, the way in which they tell their story and their conduct under cross-examination. By and-by, however, he leams.further, that, after all, these are but fallible teats— that he must always suspend his judgment until he has heard the other side, and that even then he may find it impossible with perfect satisfaction to himself to determine which of two sets of conflicting witnesses has spoken the truth. The experience of a few proofs is enough to teachhim that the most natural story, told in the most artless, straightforward, and consistent manner by the most innocent, anxious looking girl— a story which, as heard by any one un familiar with our Courts 'to hear wasito believe' —may be from bejinning to end a tissue of delibe rate falsehood and invention. There is, in fact, no better school of scepticism than a Court of Law. There, if nowhere else, one learns how true are the words of the seer, that 'the heart of man is deceitful ibove all things and desperately wicked.' ' (The Hon. W. C. Buik— 'That at least is not con fined to Scotland.') The article than went on :— ' Reverence for the oath has in a great measure died out, and even of superstitious dread of the oath hardly a trace survives. That such reverence and dread existed in the past admits of no doubt witness the appeal to the ordeal and the anxious provisions of our law for reference to the oath of parties. Nowadays, however, the very classes which one would naturally expect to find still in fluenced by old superstii'oas dreads, show, if possible, less reverence for the oath than the better educated and more worldly wise. If a man be wanted to swear to a false alibi in Glasgow Circuit Court commend us to an Irish Roman Catholic ; do we seek a witness who will tell one story to the pur suer, another to the defender, and a third to the Court, then let us find a Highland shepherd, who would not for worlds enter hi3 house after dark otherwise than backwards.' (Laughter.) He had been asked by three hon. members if lie had nofc heard the words, ' Now, remember you are on your oath,' used by counsel to a witness in cro« examination, and, of course, he^had. Bat that simply proved that the counsel was calling the wit ness's attention to the fact that he was under an obligation to speak the truth, and that he was liable to a punishment if he did not. The same obligation to speak the truth would exist if the Bill were passed, and so far as the use of the words was concerned he had heard them used when the witness was not on oath at all. It was simply a form. He did not want to abolish the obligation to speak the truth, but he wanted to abolhh the profanity attached to our present form of oath. If we tock greater care to punish men who committed perjury, and left the name of God out of the oath, we would have a great deal more truth told. The question was then put in the form that this Bill be now read a second tune, and was declared negatived. The Hon. R. C. BAKER called for a division :— Ates, 10— Hons. A. Campbell, W. D. Glyde, J. HodgMss, A. B. Murray, J. Bankine, W. Sandover, H. Scott, J. B. Spence, B.'A. Tarlton, and Hon. R. C. Baker (teller). Noes, 10 — The Commissioner of Public 'Works, Hons. W. C. Buik, G. W. Cotton, J. Crozier, T. English, A. Hay, T. Hogarth, J. Peaice, J. Picker ing, and Hon. M. Salom (teller). The voting being equal, the President gave his casting-vote in favour of the Ayes. In Committee. The preamble, title, and all the clauses of the Bill were passed as printed. The Council resumed, and the Bill was reported. The Hon. B. C. BAKER moved— 'That the Standing Orders be suspended to allow of the Bill passing the remaining stages without delay.' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Ramsay) hoped the hon. member would not be in such a hurry. It was an unusual course to take with a Bill, unless any very great delay was to be feared. The Hon. M. SALOM hoped the hon. member would not Dress the matter, as several hon. members were absent. This was a very serious question, and he thought the Bill should be passed by a majority of the Council, and not merely by the President's casting vote. The Hon. A. CAMPBELL asked the Hon. Mr. Baker not to press the matter now. He was always sorry to interfere with the Standing Orders when it could be avoided. The Hon. W. SANDOVER supported the request. He would rather lose the measure than have it said that an advantage was taken of the absence of any member. The Hon. H. C. BAKEB would then move that the Bill be read a third time on Tuesday next. In moving for a suspension of the Standing Orders he was simply following the example set by the Commissioner of Public Works on several occasions that year, because they were near the -end of the session. Ihe motion was carried. : ADJOURNMENT. At twenty-five minutes past 1 the Council ad iourned till i o'clock next day. 