j HIS FIRST PLAY. fBT LEOPOLD JORDAN.! Hart I. Jack Mfr'l" wv« a gentleman born. His ances tors theueh Myrtlf-s had be-rw of oak, an ! were noted for tbeir brilliant an-i noble deeds both at ( sea and on the hattie-fi-dd. The Mvr:l-;g weie ; proud ; the Myities had pool re«a m to be, for j they eonld date b'ick their blood to one Adam, ; whose life is. not a' together unkn-iwn at tee prc- ; sent date. :Tho length ot the gene-dt-gieal ties of ; the Myrtles was inde-d so high as to be beyond j reach. j " My son," said the anetere father of Jack — 1 the Myrtle whose growth we chill follow— " shall i go to the bar. He shall, like m-.nr of his ances- J tora be a jode." This declaration was ambiguous, I for many of the Myrtlr-H bad eon to the bar in j their time, and at the bar many had bien judges, j that is, if an hereditary bluish-blossom td- ! proboeis is anything to go by. Any way deck was destined lor the b -r, and enjoyed much coaching and cramming, and miny dinners, wh'n, alas, misfortune overtook til- house of I Myrtle, and it crumbled, pecuniarily, to the ground ; and what was our hero to do ? He could ill aff -rd to proceed with his stu las, an-l the severe fact that he would have lo turn to and earn his dally bread stared him— without so much as a blink — in the face. Ja:k hid not been used to hard work, or any work a' ail bey< nd th > stud.- ins; j of dry law books, music, and anrient play vright-. j After much pondering over his imtecuni us j position he resolved to bee me a dram -tic author, and now commenced thebittc- p.ngiofd f-aopoiut- j ment. Day after day — as many another had j done before him — he laboured as-idoo-'-sIy, but I poor Jack could hardly obtain so mnc'-i as an | interview with any of the gre-t manner-, and if j he was fortunate enough to do so, be would 1-ite his creation at the stage door on the strength of tho promise that it should be read ; be', alas, when be would call again for a reply, the MS. was either miising, or haoded back lo him wi ll th« seal unbroken. These disappointmen t were too much for Jack, and in spi;,- of the cheering future that Ida frii-mi Mr Rocket Squ b, the wtll-knuwn dramatic critic, prophe-icd, he full ill, PART II. It was in the month of January, IS — , the a:r was damp and raw, and in'ense fogs nid the gre.t metropolis. All London was in a state of bustle and life. The sloppy rtreetr were crowded from early morn until "midnight. The hou»-B of the wealthy were brilliantly iUuminnb-d withiD, while the blazing fir' Bw.rmit' kindly and generously, and the cranking of the heated coah and tho shoot ing of tbo lively spark? up the chimnoy n-sisttd, the cheerfulness of the luxurious homes. Witnout strode past many a starving wretch, tr.mbling shivering, dying wi'h the bitter, biting cold that pierced their very flesh, or moaning and groaning and wecpinz at their crnol, relentless fate. Within a few minutes of many of the London palatial mansions |whero extravaganc) has no limits, where the princely owners aro steeped in wanton pleasures and glory in unneressary waste, where gold nnd silver difhes ara handed round crowded with tho choicest of viauds,; where sparkling foaming beverages aro Bipped from chased and weighty goblats ofgi't, thee ire to bo found hovels that are a entire on modern civilisation ; yes, broken down dwellings that havo door?, but suck doors as to be of little or no use against the bitter winds and pr- rshnbly biting frosts ; ceilings that are so dilapidated as to admit the pouring rain ; a few bandsfull of straw on a creaky, wooden, damp_ floor for a bed ; no fire, but a torrent of raw air spinning down tbe never-used chimney, and out again at tho creaky doors or gbisslesa window frames ; a mass of perished creatures prostrate with theborribleagooiesof poverty I Bat life is too short to think of such misery, and all t-uch scanes must be forgotten. Joyousntsa and gaiety must be foremost, and sad facts must give way. "What care we, or anybody else, that has his happy and comfoitsble home for the starving? Let the rain fall in torrents, 1st the cold frost bito the uncovered limbs of the olotheless, let the cruel bitter winds soarch out the houseless and rattle tbeir marroniesa bones as tbe stormy sea rattles the pebbles on tbe Bhorc I Come, draw up to the fire and make merry 1 TART III. And Mr. De Browne, manager of the Theatre Boyal, Strand, took his eaee. He had no perfor mance. Tbe members of his company were resting, and were advertised to re-open the Royal with the "PEABL QUEEN," or the "CAVE FIEND," By Kcnniruore Digging. Mr De Browne was wealthy, his manageri -1 reign had been long, glorious, und propit ous ; and he was surrounded this evening by the elite ot the profesion. Madamoiselle Pirouette, tho exqu site and charming danscuee, was the fair argument, anil ber shortcomings were being much eanvi«se 1, when aloud, sharp, and unmistakably eager r?.t-tut- tat raffed theladic-s, and not a few of the; entlern'-n, slightly from their seats, and earned toeir faces to wear a sudden alarm. "Our visiter roust be in a hurry," ventured Mat Clarkson, the eminent low comedian." " It's a pity he had time to come at a 1 1" ejacu lated Mdil- . Ojilreli-i Blauche, tue refined und much admired trr-gedieune. " I shouldn't wonder but what it is bad news, for about this time ot the y;ar and this time of night I invariably hear of the derth o!a rela'.iv -. Yes, a strange presentiment pas,es over me," whispered Mr do Browne in a most mysterious fashion. "Oh, dont say such a thing, Mr do Browne," chorused tbo ladies. in another moment the man-servant in rich livery— doubtless borrower! ftom the wardrobe- announced Mr Rocket Squib. "Bucket Squib!" breathed omnes, with a eigh r.f relief. "Squib, the dramatic critic 1" put in Mr de Browne, "If his sense of his own importance is as heavy as his knock." — "Ha ! ha I hi !" laughed omneB; and Mr Squib entered the luxuriantly-decorated room, and was showered with compliments and merry gre .-.tiuas, but his face woro a haggard and mclanalioly look; his speech has lost its accustomed silv,-.ry ring, and bis once lustrous eyes seemed dull and heavy— in short, Squib had lost his brilliancy, and his ' humour was a thing of the past. Tha; | once cheerful brow was now black wilh soma j CBre, some secret or some sad bereavement. That once happy smile had vanished — it had with eis other happy qualities glided swiftly bu; too surely I away, ana Squib wns now a moruse, uncomfort able, nnd uncommunicative creature. 'j What has come to yon, Squib, that you aro so quiet, so unlike yomself ? 1 never knew yuu so ! infernally quiet. ' "Ah, Mr do Browne, I am troubled much," | EquibjJ responded with a deep sigh, and an application of his white enmbria to his teur-ilowing eye, which proceeding brought the whole of tho guests round him with ongur and enquiring looks. " Pray, Mr Squib," spoke Mdlle. Blanche, " per mit U9 to bear your trouble with you, We are'uoi; Belfish, we would tharo your griet I" And as there wete so many who were ready to flbaro hia grief, properly proportioned of course, there would have been very little for any of thvm ; but Mr Squib was too unselfish to allow his friends to be hampered with his troublos ; Mr Squib was a very monument of self-denial ; Mr Squib was one of those amiable beings who would die a martyr if by so doing be could benefit his fellow creatures ; Mr Squib was the off»hoot of tha glorious Squib whoie extraordinary travels and flighis into mid air must ever sparkle, not only at the preseut time, but in the history of the far distant future. The fire that had been throwing its bright glow in evory nook and corner ot the long room and i lighting up every face, on the appearance of j Mr Squib becamo sullen and dim. When he drew ' his chair up to the hearth the now darkened cinders fell into the fender with mysterious, sharp, and brittle cracks, and a solemn unearthly silence prevailed. At last after giving forth n sigh he ventured in the lowest of tones, which nearly approached a a whisper, to address his host and wondering fiiendB. j " It is what every man takes most to heart that affects me to-night — a death." . As the word death escaped his lips, the whole of j the gas went out eveiy limb of those present I shook, a spasmodic stream of light issued from the 1 dying embers in the grate, and terrified wnispera of fe- i came from the ladies ; and without notice ' the tnPssive door of the room flow open, admitting a figure with white l air. It was the man servant ! ; wlio unit minted his inability to re- light the mansion, i The lir-a was. howtvet, ma Jo up, audits flickering i bhtr.e played noi.-clersly in tho giwe, and the i shadows moved grotesquely on the four high walls, ! tud oiict; more .Squib commenced his narrative, <; and 'nee more lis friends set'leddown into quiet, yet eager li-.teners. "Yes, 'tis a death" — here a tmall cob flew from its red-hot bed, caus ng a tli-ht rustiing of ladies' dresses and several long righ. — "a death t'at I never expected to come so fcon. It occurred on'y yesternight. It was poor Jack Myrtle who wns called away." " Tho dramatic emhor ?" the listeners cried. "Yes, the -ramalic t, alitor. He, ooor fellow, had b?en suffering for sr.mo considerable time. His illness vat dne to the many disappointments bo met with, in fct be died of a bri-ken heart." " Poor, poor fellow, and he was so very clever," sighed Mdl'e. Blanche. " IIj once read me a play from bis pen, and I was quite euchauted." " But your appreoUt'on alone, mademoiselle, was not ei.ffici nt to keep his body aid soul to gether. His (lying worda I shall never fergst. With bis la;t breath he said to mo " Take my play, 'Adeie,' to Mademoiselle Blanche ; tell her I leave it ber to do with it what she likes, I am dying, und it can he of no a e to me now; hut I feel il ehe would only produce it, it would bs a glorious success. See Mrde Browne and ask him j to read it : he has refused to do eo I know, but | ask him to grant me tois one nnd last r.'quort — ! fare , and before he couid complete too word, bis head fed gently back on the snowy, wnite pillow, and poor Myrtle was dead. Stricken down with grief — for we were great" friends — I would not leuvc his b eathlc-s body, but sat by its I side for some hours. Tbo night grew intensely cold, the wind whistled through the key-hole of the door, as if shrieking to be admitted, the ! Ivmp had buret out, and lb-re I eat wito this coid ! inanimate piece of clay, the remains of what was | hut a few moment- before aclever man. I became i resll'as, and paced np and down the room think- j ing of our long friendship ; and whishever way I i moved, th-.t pale face made more pale by the light S from tho silvery moon, and those large glassy eyes seemed to follow me. The snow was fa ling and "resting on the windows. How solamnly beautiful the scene1 outside, aB cotnptrid to the ghastly figure lyirg on the bed. I felt I- could no longer bear the right, and with a quick st-p I appriBchod tbe corpte and covered it with a fur rug. I then etole to th» window and eat myself down to look on the snow-crusted sticct b> low. Not a bouI parsed akng its narrow pavement; no sound diaturbed tio< tilln-M of the night; all wbh as cairn and peaceful -as the inanimate body I had covered from my faze. Suddenly along, black shadow pa.sed over the snowy path ! I iookeu, but in vain ; no one could I tee. By thi» time ray cour-gs seemed tc forsake me, for the firot lime in my life, and I f-U back in my chair sen:-,l=ss. Tne n .-xt I rememhi r was being awakened fiom my stupor by a cold, trembling, clammy touch on my check, and a weak voice breat drg in my ear, ' Take thou my last work "Adelo" to Mdlle. Biunche. She will produce it, ehe w.ll be eminently euccesi- ful, aed my name will be immortiliscd. Fare well. Batted in a cold perspiration, an i paralyaed w.th fear, I rose to my feet, but fell -anteles? to tbe ground. How long I lay t'icre I know not, but on awaking to conrciousiiete, I found at my eide the play 'Adelle.' Hea'en l I cried, what is thih mystery? and my eyes wandered neivouriy round he dreaufui room, but there were no signs of an intruder having ente:ed. Everything was feavlmly, painfully, horribly -till, and the corpec, ghastly and rigid, rested o.t the bed in the position I had placed it. My heart seemed as tl'ODgh its acti' n must slop, and I staggered towards the door, my eyes dimm.d, n-,d my whtle bedy tn mbling convulsively. S < g'eat was my nctveuness that my hacd had nut sufficient power to turn the handle, and l crroched down at the door, lewi dt r> d, dazed, and stupefied, and theio 1 remain'd until morning or ke forth, whica gave me some slight confidence, when, never daring to turn my eyes to where the lifeless body rested in eternal slumber, 1 stealthily issued into ibe open air, hatless and well-nigh bereft of reason. Oh, heaven I how fpnriul, how awful were my feelings 1" and at that moment ho pro duced from his breast-pocket a bundle of MS., ex claiming in a voice full of fcrror, "This in mo play which I found by my side, and called 'Adeie.' Ahl wh»t is that?" he shrieked, joinntl by his hearers, as a flash of light il umiuutsd tho cover of the play as he produced it ; and the com- pany, terrified and bewildered, Bcreamed forl'ghts, which were quickly brougnt in by the servants. The ladies looked at each other with fear and trembling, and the gentlemen in spito of the r efforts to assnms a jocularity, presente l a wo-ful and terror- stricken appearance ; but none seemed so terrified as Mdlle, Blanche, Her ex piisite y beautiful lips trembled toge h:-r like two cheirics made quivering on a tr,o by a cruel, tempes tuous wind. Her round, dark, and fiery eys lost their lustre, ana she fell back on the settee, Ehe bad feinted. PART V. It was the last day of January, and London, in its grey, taw and inclement moo t, w.-is fu'l of lite and fashion. In matter- social everything was gay and brilliant, and tho i ne topic that was heard above others in tho buzz of the fmhioaabiu drawing rooms, clubs, and cfits was the appear ance that owning of Mdlle. Blanche in a new romantic play entitled " Ad-le." The-tre- gocrs woie n tbe tip-to-: of esp-ctati in, tor Mdlle. Blanche was the id-l r.f fas io >nb:u London, At O.l-iO o'clock the mors leading to toe popular parts of the Theatre D amatiquo were thrown open, and a laige crowd pu,hcJ its way forward, eag- r to gain early . dm s-ion. At h It- past 7 strings of clcgunr carriage-, diawn by nob'e and handsom-l> equipped hors- s, d shed up :o the stall and dress circle entrances, and uy 8 o'clock tbe house presented a brilliant uypemnct'. in tho stalls— whicli in L.ndon aro t ep.-incipal places- were seen the leaders "t fas .ion, dramatic, musical and art critics, and rnvny d'amoiic authors, who never mbs the firot production of a new play. Thorn was a loud buzz from the mauv prattling lips of tho large assemblage, and much rustling of c-stly nnd suporbly olecant co-tuuios, and rutbii.g t> an ) fro ol courto'/ns a.tundants, and recognitions end remarks anticipatory of tho success of the new drama ; but auddeuly tho bub bub was lost tu tho en- by a sparkii ig and crisp overture on that delightfully ch.nuing com position, "Carmen," and by tho time the last sttaitiH if tho stirring ' Troeadcrn" were over, I every sta- sno vestico ol srandinir-room were oi- ; cupi'd. His lioyai Hijhness = h.s Prince of Wales I wilh his amiable .nd w- 11-heinved cons ul t, attended by their suttes, occupier iho Royal box. In the 1 private box next them on the O.H. s:dc, there rat j an individual whts.- form onlv eot.ld bo discerned i through .he lace curtains whxh closed him from | distinct view. ' Who can it bo ?" was the :nquity j that was generally as;e.i. "Why dees not tho ! mys eriotiB one drtw n-i,io the curtains, a-id prs- i sent himself to viow ?" ' Can it be a Nihili-t, or i a member of a secret society who hides himself thus, and so ne .r the Royal b -j too ?" | Tbe curtain rose, uud, as the play advanced, its success became apparent. The third and last I act was, however, the imst critical. Tue pathos that was contained in every litie, tii-. effects thai were left to the principal artirte to introduce, and the startling thougiu not by any me-ns common-place situations, called for extraordinary histrionic power, | coucoption and tr- atment, T: etc was one gnat j scene for Adeie, when, stealthily preparing at nipht to escape from tho old castle, she is terrified by being couftontfd by the vision of the man whose life in a passion of jealousy, she hug sakon, At that very inBtaot the mysterious one in the private box threw aside tha lace curtain and stooped forward. At sight of him Mdlie Blanche, with the vision still before her, looked dazed, per plexed, wild as an affrighted fawn, and what other wise would have been assnmed terror was now in reality painfully natural, and the audience was held spellbound, breathless and amazed, only broken when the great artivte on the falling of th« curtain fell tc the ground in a dead faint. Thin cheers rang through the enor mous house, and the ourlain was raised, and ox- quiaito floral offerings were thrown on to the atill unconscious woman. Calls and shouts for Mdlle. Blanche echoed and re-echoed as the curtain once more fell, and the stage manager, thinking the great actress did not wish to destroy the realism, rang uj) the groen baize again, when tho strange individual in the box bent for ward, and, seeing the beautiful article motionless, Bcreamed in a piercing voice, ' My God, she is dettd 1" In an instant more he wav on the stage raising the drooping pale face to hie gaze. Tbo audience was now a vast concourse of living souls become dumb. Ladies foil baok in their avast uuconecio-js or lost in a fearful perplexity, while the men were paralysed. The lights were suddenly turned up, and hoaree whispers from a few breathed. " Heaven ? It is thr, Ghost of Myrtle, the author of the play holding her, — " At that instant the poor creature showed signs of life, and looking iu the face of her supporter, shrieked " Deliver me from this dettd man's grasp ! Help, i help I" ' And ilic stage waa soon thronged with those who before, in sheer amazement, had been held i transfixed to their seats. Among them was de ! Browne tbe manager, who alter regaining courase, twisted and turned, ar.d pushed, and pricked with 1 pins poor Myitle until all were satisfied he was no ! dead man, but very much alive, and a succesefo ' author to boot. At first Mdlle Blanche was not t/o ready lo forgive Myrtle ana Squib fo- the strategy reported to, but the marve lous suteesj j of the drama healed the wound ; and lack Myrtle had many a hesrty laugh over the mens : he adopted to procure the production of His First Hlat. . 