CHESS NOTES. A match between the Adelaide club and the newly-established Semaphore club is talked of, but nothing definite has been done yet towards bringing it about. If a challenge is sent, a little difficulty will probably arise owing to two or three members of the sea side club belonging also to the Adelaide society, and however it is got over, one of the two clubs will be placed at at a dis advantage. With Messrs. Bruce, Burton, McArthur, Earl, Martin, and others, the Semaphore club would in any case prove a formidable adversary. It is interesting to note that of 212 games recorded in the book of the London Congress of 1883, no less than 58 of them were com menced with irregular openings, and of these' 27 were won by the first player. One of the characteristic signs of the present chessical times is the general departure from the old track of Evans, King's, and Queen's gambits, with others of a milder type, and the adop tion of openings which have not been sub mitted to rigid analysis. The cause of this is not far to seek, few cau new spire the ;n> to Mudy the book openings suffi ciently closely to be prepared for meeting evfy i&fior.; until the game has assumed' an li-'jeyeoQent.'form, arid where heavy stakes atissue :t does not do tn leave nvxoh to ci'iii-ie. The. world goes too fast uov for g»K r,->! arc! continuous study of chess, except Id piof'. «»iot>»ls, anil irregular oueu'.ogs will probably alweya find the chief p-a;u in great •nurreys, The following extract from one of Z iker tort's letters to a London exchange give3 a good idea of his progress through America January 8. I left St. Louis for Chicago, which is a splendid town. I played twelve games blindfold, won nine and lost three. Two games with Hosmer; I won both. From Chicago, after a stay of ten days, I visited the Niagara Falls. From here I went to Toronto, Ontario, Canada, remaining five days. I played twelve games blindfold, but, owing to the intense cold, I threw away one game after the other. The temperature was fourteen degrees below zero, and the warm ing pipes in the rooms were frozen. The re« suit was, I won six, lost five, and drew one. On the 28th I arrived at Ottawa, where the meeting of the Canadian Chess Association, commencing on the 29th, was held. Presi dent, Geo. F, Casey, M.P. 5 patron, His Ex cellency the Marquis of Lauswdown, Gover nor- General. I played twenty-one games simultaneously; won eighteen, lost three. On the 30th, again simultaneously, twenty four, winning all. On the 31st, blindfold play against twelve opponents; I beat ten, drew against one, and one game was left un finished, owing to the lateness of the hour; but both in position and forces I had the advantage. The latest advices from London state that Mr, Blackburne has almost entirely recovered from his illness, and will soon be able to re sume professional practice. The death of Harrwitz, the veteran chess player, and antagonist of Morphy, Anders sen, and all the leading lights of the last generation is announced. Of late years he has been seldom heard of in the chess arena, being somewhat unpopular, and having be come too old to practice the game much. We shall refer to his career again next week; The ghost of|Steinitz is still haunting the Turf, Field, and Farm chess column, which continues week after week and month after month to devote a large portion of its space to the ghosts' personal feelings in the great squabble of Steinitz v. Zukertort, only this squabble is different to the general run of them inasmuch as Zukertort has no say in it. A game of ches3 with living pieces has lately been played at Huddersfield. The costumes (red and white) were the same as those worn in the game played before the Prince of Wales last year. Chess columns have been'started in con nection with the Nottinghamshire Guardian and Bristol Mercury and Post, also in a couple of English monthlies. Kennedy, in his charming "Waifs and Strays," records that one of the former Earls of Stair was in the habit; of playing cheBS with a friend, hight Colonel Stewart. His lordship, who was of an eccentric and withal exceedingly choleric nature, not con tent with storming awfully when he lost, would not scruple occasionally to have re course to the voie du fait, and project a snuffer tray, or the first thing that came to hand at his opponent's head. When the colonel, therefore, had a mats at his com mand, and expected any little attention of this sort, he used to start to his feet after moving, and make for behind the door of the room, from which place of retreat he would thruBt his head and bawl out, " Checkmate, my lord !" 