CHAPTER VII. 1 Before the season—an unusually gay one— bad closed, Lady DiBney astonished her hus band by pleading for a hasty retreat to Disney j Manor, and Ralph, though only too thankful ; to escape from a life in every way irksome to 1 him, thought it his duty to remind Gidia j she would probably find the country very ] dull after having accustomed herself to bo much excitement " You see, my dear, no one will leave town | just now, and I doubt if you would get any j one to stay with you for the next three weeks I at least. I am quite sure Claudia will not be persuaded to accompany us—at any rate, not till after the next drawing-room and the Princess' Garden Party," he said warn ingly, being too honest to take a mean advan tage of what appeared to him an impulsive freak. " Oh, I do not care the least in the world," Gidia replied, in peevish weary tones; " I am tired to death of everybody and everything, and wish we had never come to London at allj but stayed at Disney all by ourselves," and she began to cry. Ralph, still very fond of his pretty young wife, and having all an Englishman's horror of tears, took her tenderly in his arms— " My darling "—soothingly—" we will start at once, if yon really wish it. I shall be over joyed at having my little wife all to myself again, for our lives seem to have drifted sadly apart of late. We will see if the fresh, pure air of Disney, combined with regular hours, can bring back the roses which have faded from your pretty cheeks, dearest." Then, as a happy idea seemed to strike him, " and we will try and persuade your aunt and that dear old Mrs. Cunninghame to join us there. It will be quite like old times," he added, plea santly. Whether Gidia was equally delighted with this last arrangement her husband never heard, as their conversation was at that mo ment interrupted by the entrance of callers, but the invitation was despatched, and duly accepted by both ladies. The following week, in spite of Lady Claudia's remonstrance, Sir Ralph and Lady Disney left town; and the same paper which recorded their departure for Disney Manor announced, with deep regret, that Signor Romano was compelled, by medical advice, to retire for a time from pub lic life. He was about to proceed—so it stated to his native place, a small Italian village, there to seek the entire repose he so much needed. Lilias Dering's first impulse on receiving Lady Disney's invitation had been to refuse it, but, after consideration, she blamed her self severely for having for a moment even entertained the thought of refusing, and so she found herself the guest of Ralph Disney's young wife, who greeted her aunt with gush ing effusion. Indeed, Gidia seemed to have cast off all her newly-acquired dignity, and was once more the childish, light-hearted creature with whom Ralph Disney had fallen so madly in love at Culverden Priory. "How happy they are!" Mrs. Cunning hame would exclaim as she watched Ralph's lover-like attentions and Gidia's little coquettries, as they strolled about the lonely old grounds. And Lilias, though she had a vague sense of something wanting in the union, was glad to believe it so, and, with out one regretful sigh for the happiness which might have been hers, thanked God for having answered her pure, unselfish prayers. One close sultry evening Mrs. Cunning hame was taking her usual after dinner nap, a placid smile on her wrinkled old face, whilst Sir Ralph and Lilias sat engrossed over some plans they were mutually interested in concerning the improvement of the cot tagers dwelling on their respective estates, and Gidia fiitted in and out through the open windows, restless and expectant. The draw ing-room opened on a long terrace, from which | some ancient stone steps led to a lawn sloping gradually towards a large plantation known as the Wilderness. Suddenly from the dark | fir trees came a peculiar note, which to most I ears would have borne no significance, it was so like the cry of some night bird, but Gidia started guiltily, and threw an anxious glance towards her husband, who, however, was intent on some drawings, the different merits of which he was pointing out to Miss Dering. Gidia shrugged her pretty shoulders con temptuously at the sight, then as the cry was repeated rapidly several times, she passed down the stone steps, glided across the dewy lawn, dived into the shadow of the wilderness, and then quickening her pace, ran into the arms of Silvio Romano. '' My own lo7e," she whispered, after a long warm embrace. " You cannot imagine what a state of anxiety I have been in since dinner, lest I should mistake your signal, or not be able to make my escape unnoticed. How frightfully gloomy it is here," and Gidia shrank closer to her husband's side as she glanced fearfully around. "But I do not mind it, now I am safe with you dearest," and the blue eyes raised to his were full of love and confidence. With arms twined about each other, and heads bent lovingly together, they strolled onward into the deepest recesses of the dark wood, where even the moon which had now risen failed to penetrate. Mrs. Cunninghame's slumbers had been unusually peaceful and -undisturbed that evening, and the old lady had just re-adjusted the lace lappets of her cap and begun to look around her, when Gidia glided noiselessly into the room from the moonlit garden. So pale and haggard was Lady Disney's usually blooming face, that Mrs. Cunninghame uttered an exclammation of surprise and dis may, which immediately attracted the atten tion of both Ralph and Lilias. " My love," said Ralph, in tones of tender remonstrance, rising quickly, and wheeling forward an easy chair, "how imprudent of you to remain out so late 1 I should have fetched you in long ago if I had only guessed where you were, for there must be a tremen dously heavy dew falling, and you are so pale, darling," he added, looking anxiously into his wife's face. " Yes, indeed," said Mrs. Cunninghame, the dear child looks as if she had seen a ghost, and see, Ralph, her feet are quite wet," j pointing to the tiny satin slippers resting on a stool. " So they are 1 and Gidia darling, you are as cold as death." Ralph excitedly chafed the little hands which hung listlessly at her side, and looked appealing towards Miss Dering. Lilias, who was covering herself secretly with unmerited reproaches for having mono polised Sir Ralph so long, rose and went to wards her niece. " Come, dear, you had better divest your self of your wet garments as soon as possible. Will you kindly ring for Marie," to Ralph, " or let me take you to your room, Gidia," and she tenderly drew her niece's shivering form towards her. Gidia threw her arms around her aunt's neck, and for once the tears which streamed down her cheeks were genuine, then submissively bidding them good-night, she allowed herself to be assisted to her own room, and it was with a sigh of relief she found herself at last with no other companion than her maid. Marie, always on the alert, took a rapid survey of her mistress' disarranged toilette, as she removed the dress whose tiny frills hung limp and damp, with its delicate lace trimmings torn and discolored. " They will need my assistance once more," she thought, triumphantly, as she brushed out the tangled golden curls, and pured stealthily at the white drawn face reflected in the glass. " Miladi indeed appears vraiment 3faladi" | she said at last, softly. " Maladi is not wise ; to venture so late in the air of this perfidious climate. Hon Dieu ! bat it is simply atroci ous to one accustomed to the delicious even ings of the Sunny South, the bright Italic," and Maria cast up her eyes sentimentally. The Frenchwoman's voice breaking in upon her meditations reminded Gidia she had in deed need of her maid's assistance, so she answered— " Yes, my good Marie, I am ill, wretchedly so, and unless I feel ever so much better in the morning, I shall not leave my own apart ments—at least not before the evening. And, oh! whilst I think of it," she went on care lessly. "Tate my keys, they are in the Japanese cabinet, and bring me those horrid diamonds; I have arranged an entirely new setting for them if Sir Balph will only let me carry out my ideas." Marie took her mistress' keys, and passed into an adjoining room, from which she soon returned, bearing a safe, evidently quite as much as she could manage to carry. "Moti Dieu; but it is heavy," she ex claimed, with a groan, as she deposited it on a table by Lady Disney's side. " You need not remain," said Gidia, nervously, playing with the bunch of keys. " I am not inclined for bed yet, and will ring when I want you again." The door had scarcely closed behind the soft-footed abigail, when Gidia, laying her head in her hands, broke into a storm of passionate tears. "How dare he ask me to risk such a thing I " she exclaimed vehemently. " There will be such a terrible storm when the rob bery is discovered. Perhaps they may also lay bare our secret, and then what would be come of me ? To fall so low after having climbed so high, would be dreadful, and I could almost hate Silvio for making me do this thing. How cruel he can be when he chooses I " she meditated. " And yet I sup pose I really do love him a little. Certainly more than anyone else in the world." Then, her sobs gradually subsiding, she unlocked the safe, and, taking the diamonds foom their numerous velvet cases, laid them in her lap, where they sparkled like the surface of a moonlit lake. " I have no affection for the horridly old fashioned things themselves," she reflected. " Ralph will never be persuaded to let me do what I like with them. Then, as Silvio says, everyone will be so full of commiseration when they hear of my loss, that I shall be sure to have endless presents to console me, nice modern jewellery, not this heavy dingy stuff"—And she looked contemptuously at the curious setting Balph valued more highly than the diamonds themselves. " This riviere is rather nice though; I re member the Prince said how well it became me, at the Mansion House Ball," and she held it up to the light, letting it glide over her pink fingers. " Yes, I must try and keep it somehow," decidedly. "After all, if Marie will only assist me, I shall not have to run any very great risk " (the little sinner was a philosopher in her way, and readily submitted to the inevitable). "It is poor Silvio who will suffer, if anyone, but then he is far too clever to be caught,"—and having com fortably shifted the danger on to the shoulders of another, her terror began visibly to diminish, giving place to another feeling of annoyance as she thought— " I shall have to give Marie at least half the money Ealph gave me yesterday—how exceedingly tiresome!" and she touched the bell pettishly. In a few seconds the French woman entered, bearing on a small silver salver a cup of steaming chocolate. " How nice, and thoughtful of you, Marie/' and Gidia smiled pleasantly at her maid, as she daintily sipped the fragrant beverage. " I really do not know what I should do with out you. And oh,I was just thinking; lam not exactly pleased with the costume Madame Lenore sent me yesterday, so you may have it if you like." Then, interrupting Marie's profuse thanks—" I think I had better wear my diamonds on Thursday at Iiady Dormer's. Sir Balph wishes it, but they must be care fully cleaned, so you had better see to them after you have dressed me to-morrow even ing." Here Lady Disney's tones became studiously slow and.measured, causing Maria to listen very attentively. " I shall leave my room exactly at five minutes to eight; you will then immediately take the diamonds from their cases, lay them on the table in the red boudoir (where of course, the night being a warm one, the windows will stand open), and have your brushes and things prepared to commence cleaning them. I have a presenti mont that when once down stairs—say at eight o'clock precisely—the exertion of having allowed myself to be dressed will prove too much for my strength, so be prepared to come ' to me immediately if you are called. Do you understand me ?" and she fixed her eyes significantly on her maid's expressive fea tures. "But, Miladi—" and the Frenchwoman (who fully entered into the spirit of her mis tress's meaning, but determined to make a good bargain for herself) shrugged her shoul ders deprecatingly—" would it not be an im prudence to leave euch valuable jewels even for a moment ? If by some terrible misad venture they were lest, stolen, it is I, ■pauvre Marie who would be compelled to face ruin and disgrace. Still, to serve a lady so beau tiful, so amiable, I would even risk that." "Best assured, Sir Balph will never blame you for neglecting the diamonds in your anxiety to fly to my assistance," replied Gidia, who saw she was understood. " I see I can depend on your fidelity, Marie," and she opened a small cabinet, from which she took a roll of notes, and offered half of them to Marie, saying graciously—" To show you how highly I value your services." Marie said not a word, but fixed her eyes avaticously on the other half, which Gidia was about to return to the cabinet. Then the eyes of mistress and maid again met, and as Lady Disney rightly read their meaning, she felt she could not do otherwise than allow the remainder of the notes to pass into the greedy hands of Marie Dupont. Sir Balph entered his wife's dressing-room the following evening and found her seated before her mirror, a loose robe de chambre covering her dinner dress, and Marie's deft fingers busily employed putting the finishing touches to the wonderful erection of tiny golden curls. "Are you quite sure, darling, you feel well enough to join us at dinner," were her hus band's first words. "I have missed your bright little face sadly all day; but you still look very pale, and I would not have you overtax your strength for the world." Gidia's pretty face smiled and dimpled as she looked up. " Oh, yes, dear; I am really ever so much better, and cannot consent to lose another of our dear, quiet evenings, which I absolutely revel in. I love to listen to you and wise Aunt Iiilias, though I am too silly to under stand all your clever plans "—then glancing towards the little Dresden clock which had just chimed the third quarter—"Can you wait just another minute, dear? Marie has nearly done with me, and I want you to take me downstairs." " Of course, dearest, I shall wait—an hour if you like." Then his eye fell upon the safe standing near, with the keys dangling from the lock. " You are surely not coming out in your diamonds to-night," he said, wondar ingly. (To bt continued.) 