ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY THE GHosT.) The fast comingomeeting of Parliament is casting its shadows before it. For the nonce these have 'assumed the shape of deputations from .thle country districts, anxious to secure the advantages of rail way communication with the metropolis: From "sunny morn to dewy eve," Mr. Gillies is occupied receiving relays of stiurdy beggars, and sending them empty iaway, withltheusual stereotyped meaning less reply that "their representations v ill be duly considered.'' Considering that the colony is now. paying some £7000 a year in the shape of salaries to the Commis. sioners, in order that the national lines of rail. may be conducted on "strictly com iericial "principles," it appears somewhat strange that the Minister does not refer his ,interviewers to these responsible officers. Perhaps Mr. Gillies would do so, but that hie deems the adoption of the step would cause a loss to the revenue. For, unlike members of 'Parliament, dspu tationists . bilo not travel as "'dead heads," ' and an "influential" depu tation must consist of at least a dozen local notabilities. The a. mount received 'in railway fares, is per liaps considered. by the Government as a set-off against the loss of the valuable time of' Mr. Duncan Gillies, and, therefore no check is imposed upon a practice, which, ,beyond affording country cousins an excuse for a trip to Melbourne, has really nothing to recommend it. As the fiinds at thle dis posal of the department are hardlysufficient for the construction of one-sixth of the lines asked for, and the immediate con struction of which is represented 'as- most urgent,; in the interests of the colony, the inability of the visits to the Minister ought by this time to be apparent. There are; however, no signs of any' demonstra tion in the stream that daily surges against the door of Mr. Gillie's sanctum, and which will doubtless continue to flow until the Legislature assembles "for the dispatch of business." Members of the Ministry when ques tioned in regard to the measures they in tend to submit to Parliament" assume a wise air, and preserve a discreet silence. Everyone knows, however, that they do not intend to imperil their position by in troducing any large question of i policy upon which there is any division of opinion. Mr. Niriams and his tariff report recom dations are 'to be allowed to take their chance in the Assembly, and the educa tion report is also to be lefti to its fate, and the question of the ever recurring "griev ance" of a section of the population, shelved in an easy and comfortable manler. Ex cepting the lRailway.Construction Bill, all the matters to be dealt with by Parlia ment during the approaching session,relate to "social" subjects, Anud are intended to uiak& everyone richer, more virtuous, and healthier than heretofore. Ignoring the teachings of histery, the attempt is to be made to affect all those desiderata, and a number ofb othe'rs, by means of the Statute Book. The fair sex are thus-having by sgqme ungallant writer somewhere been likened unto idleness, which is the root of all evil-to core in for a large share of the attention and time of our' legislators. • Sweet seventeen" is no longer to be al lowed to tempt frail humanity, the agis of the law being extended from 12, the pre sent ago at which the daughters of Eve are supposed to become old enough to take care of themselves, to 18. Considdring that annually, accor'ding to Hughe's statis tics, some 400 girls marry between the ago of 16 and 18, some even- becoming matrons at 15, the marrying portion of youg Vie toria will have just cause of complaint if the intentions of the proenoters of the measure are carried into law. Morality aid temperance are further "to be pro moited by the abolition of barmaids. Hebe isto be abolished in favour of Gannymede, and henceforth the bar-keeper with be ringed fingers and diamond-studded shirt front is, a lAmericainse, to minister to the bibulous requiirements of thirsty humanity. The'Legislature is virtuous, and therefore no longer is ouir aleoto 1d.llande_ to us by loively woman. Mfr. ohii Wood, Mr. Gardiner, and Major Smith, are the pres c7hevaliers Who have come to 'the rescue. Theirs - are the names appended, to the report of the Shop's Commission which recommend the extinction of the bar-maid as an institution. People are beginning to. speculate in regard to the ultimate fate of the 2000 girls, who in Melbourne alone, will find their ocoupation gone, should the recommendations of these squires of dames become law. Perlhaps the last state of these dispossessed damsels may, be even worse , than their present one, and the efforts to be made to ead thlem' into "the paths of virtue' evevntuate in conducting them iuto the facieio deccasus" th?t lead fo the locality sail to be laved'with good in tentions. . Mr. James Mirams has made the dis covery that after all the world is not entirely composed of ingrates, and that the copy-book aphorism which alleges that "Virtue is its own reward," can be mate rially improved upon. The reward of the honourable genitleman's virtue has taken the form of a silver tea and coffee service, which was presented to the diminutive member by his constituents on Monday last. In returning thanks for the gift, Mr. Miramsetold his audience that.had he been less outspoken, he would long ere this have achieved the position of a Minister of the Crown. Perhaps the representative of Collingwood spoke the truth, for a wiser man than even Mr. Mirams has said that tlhough speech is silvern, silence is golden. It is to be hoped, however, that now lihe has made the discovery, he will profit by it. But who was ever taught by experi ene ? Certainly the re cipient of the testimonial does not intend to lay the lesson to heart ? For he has already, in anticipation of-the meeting of Parliament, allxied his name to one of the seats on the front Opposition benches, whence his oratory-" words, words, words '"-will be hurled at his Ministerial opponents. An exemplification of the saying that "one fool makes many," was afforded by the proceedings of a number of frightened individuals on Monday, who because some silly bookmaker on the racecourse made some remark anent the value of one of its notes, rushed to the London Chartered Bank on its doors. being thrown open in the morning, and demanded gold for their paper promises to pay., Fortunately the panic did not spread, and before noon the common sense of the community had asserted itself. The "run" eventuated in some £12,000 in notes being converted into coin at the head oflice and the country branches. At four o'clock the balances showed that more had been paid in during the day than had been withdrawn. While the Melbourne Presbytery is making wry faces over the leek which it will doubtless swallow, Mr. Strong, over the issue of whose certificate they are haggling, is being made much of in his own country. The Christian Worhl, a journal which perhaps even Professor Recitoul will. allow is neither hetorodox nor unitarian, under the heading of "Ecclesiastical Notes," thus writes 1 "Mr. Strong has returned to this country, where he has received a warm welcome from members of the establishment who sympathise with his advanced tendencies. It is not improbable he may find the atmo sphere of the Scottish kirk more congenial to his views than that of the Presbyterian Church in Victoria." Does it not strike the reverend gentlemen who assemble in Collins-street to listen to the tittle tattle of the omnibus, as somewhat strange that the gentleman they have driven away should be welcomed by men of the highest eminence in Scotland professing the same creed as themselves I Do they ever realise the anomaly of a number of third and fourth rate men, who as far at all events as the interests of true religion are concerned, 'left their country for their country's good," and who tolerate nothing beyond their own narrow view, sitting in judg nment on one so much their intellectual superior?" If they do not, there are thousands of people who do, and 'who, moreover, don't mistake a. display of envy, hatred, and malice and all uncharit ableness for zeal in the cause of the Maker they profess to serve. Out of avil good often arises, and even the Kensington' Hill" job." is acting as a sort of Deus em nmachina, and extricating the Government from the threatened trouble of the unemployed. Mr. Dealcin, the Minister of Public Works, has promised a deputation to accept a tender from working men . for cutting down the bill, provided such tender be the lowest, without requir ing the usual deposit. Great is the work ing man of Victoria; greater in his way than Diana of the Ephesians. i ;A recent decision pronounced by Lord Colerige in one of the English Law Courts has caused unmitigated joy in the barracks of the Salvation Army. His Lordship has declared the processions through the streets indulged in -by General Booth's soldiers to be perfectly legal, and' any by laws forbidding them, framed by muni cipal authorities, ultra-vires. It ' is rumoured that proceedings are at once to be taken in the colony to have certain convictions. 'at Sandhurst. Collinuewood. and other places set aside, and that hence forth the police are to be forcibly resisted in any attempts they may make to preserve the.thoroughfares of our towns and cities for the :use of their ordinary occupants. It was geinerally expected that, with the advent of the Railway Commissioners;,the days of official toadyism to "the powers that be" would be brought to an end. It appears, however, that this hope is de lusive, and that Messrs. Speight, Ford, and Agg are as anxious to placate mem bers of Parliament as were any of their predecessors. An order has been isued by these gentlemen, prohibiting any one travelling in the guard van of passenger trains, "excepting members of Parlia ment." The reason assigned for the pro mullgation of the ukase is that the guard's attention is apt to be distracted from his duties by the presence of passengers in his van, and additional danger to the travel ling public to follow this relaxation of vigilance. - If' this be the case, why should the public be wilfully forced to run any greater dangers than they are at the present time subjected to, simplyto gratify the whlim of honourable members? Is the advantage of being allowed to travel free over all the railways in Australia not sufficient ? Where is the line to be drawn ? some of the heaven- born engineers in the Legislatuire will next claim to be allowed to ride on the engines, and, of course, to drive them I The only part of the train in which "dead head" passengers will not be found, if the. Commissioners continue extending the privileges of our legislators, will be the dog-kennel. Perhaps the omission of this travelling facility in their traffice regulations was an oversight on the part of Mr. Speight and his colleagues. The production of "Fedora" at the Theatre Royal not having proved the great success anticipated, is to be withdrawn in favour of Wilkie Collins' drama, "The New Magdalen," in which Miss Jeffrey Lewis and Mr. Alfred Dampier will sustain the leading parts. At' the Opera House, the " Old Corporal" gives way to " Mario Antonietto," in which Madanmo Majeroni essays the part played here some years ago by Madame Ristori. The " "Queen's Favourite," at the Princess, still is deemed a sufficient attraction, and after giving the yas for one night to "Lance Oldfield," an original drama, and "Cool as a Cucumber," played for Mr. Vernon's benefit, is to be re produced. ' At the Bijou, Miss Emilio Melville, in 'opera bouffe, at "popular prices," nightly fills the house from floor to ceiling. 