[?] The Sealskin Hantle. f % By Rolb Boldbewood. P ' - Chapter XXVL * : After this halcyon period, to which the wayfares often T: J| looked back in other years, came to an end it was decided |] that all expedition shonld be need until Keneh was reached. *^|] There everybody promised themselves a foil day's letter- | ij writing for Europe. It would be thpir last chance of oorres- 1 r ji pondence with the civilised world. . On their arrival the 1 JH Turkish Governor decided to visit toe noble Ingless whose j I] wealth was so ereat. whose manners eo courteous, above aik 4 li whose brandy was superb, as- Ibrahihi had duly reported* * | j^H Mustapha Bey, a grand-looking solemn Moslem, with a . patriarchal silvery beard, accordingly came on board in great *4 91 state, accompanied by his janissary and pipe- bearer. - He ^ sat down gravely on an extemporised di van ; and, Ibrahim being secured as interpreter, conversation ensued. First of ' a^9 all he paid compliments to Isabel, to Mrs. Bald hill, e - Marguerite, and Marie, all of whose charms' he averred . - would be sufficient to cause any of the faithful, here he } '—-^^9 indicated himself, to suppose that he had passed from this ; i ^^9 world aud was surrounded by houris. This being translated, Isabel requested Ibrahim to tail him that he was a dear old creature, and also to thank toim - on the part of her mother, who had not been called a houri ' - gBS for ever so many years. The Governor bowed and stroked his beard gravely. He 4teH next desired to know whether Allerton's wife was of too party, or whether Isabel and Marie bore that relation to ]9H him. . IBS His misconceptions being set right he relinquished toe r9B domestic subject, and asked Allerton if he had heard ot the ; ^9H troubles in Alexandria. * Allerton's face assumed a quickly altered expression, when - ' Ibrahim interpreted this important query. , ' No ! What had happened ? They had heard nothing.' ' The Governor: ' Wonderful ashes have fallen upon our 9B head. That dog, Arabi Bey, that son of a burnt father, has L M spoken evil to the fellahs, and budmashes of toe land. They -SEg have arisen in revolt against the Khedive, against the 9k Sultan, ^against the Inglesi. May their fathers graves be '19911 Allerton: ' And has nothing been done by the English.' :]l99l The Governor: 'Great warships have come to the city .. .SB of Iekender, under the command of Seh-mohr Bey. He . - JjHH will blow every 'stone out of its walls, he tells them, every . '''SjHSS roof from the houses, if Arabi does not eat dirt. But the wlwPi foolish people have banded together. They commence to revile— to plunder toe merchants. May Allah destroy^ ^ ,'jflBl Allerton: 'They will be repaid. They will be blown ' '^9b9 into toe top of toe minarets. I know Beauchamp Seymour. He is the man to keep his word. All is over now. Arabi is doubtless a fugitive.' '? The Governor :' May Allah direct ! But there is also a ' JEiS stir in the desert. A prophet, El Mahdi, has arisen. He is the successor of Mahomet. He is to drive the,infidel.out of toe land altogether.' : Allerton : 'He also will soon be ovefcomew A rabble -of *3':J|Jhh| Arabs. But this tumult in Alexandria andl)»fr6.ie more^' serious. I am glad we are not there now.'* , ' ^ Th§ Governor : ' Allah would doubtless havO '-hriiteWed - . ' you. He has you in his favour. I will .. of this roBe-liqueur, aud a small quantity sick relative. May you be under the guidance of Allah ! - , qSH fie sure and viBit me on your return. I will give you a guard if necessary to protect you from evil men.' , Upon this, followed oy his janissary and pipe- bearer, with toe deepest gravity, good, worthy old Mustapha Bey took his departure, walking with great statetiness unlit he ''SH reached his handsome Arhb charger, upon whose saddle he ascended with some difficnly and rode away. ^ :JBB After the Governor had departed ARarieh S' bonfefaoee with Ibrahim apparently took an exceptionally serious turn., , This coming to an end, he sought out Mrv B tddfrjh jjtnd.^ gjjpWBBi communicated his misgivings. :: ' I don't like the look of matfeks at all,' hjanaffl^ '€fin« clair and I heard a good deal last JteaT which Englishmen' 1 don't generally get the benefit of. Ibrahim told Us ibat more would come of it. He believes toe worst is not Over.*. There will be a general break out, first in toe cities then in SHf tixo d686tt*^ ' ' What had we better do?' said Mr. Baldhill, looking iflE rather blank. BEi ' As it tarns out, we cannot be in a better place. All the fSHl fighting, if there is any, will be in and around Cairo and 1HR Alexandria. It will take some time to come this way.' . (HH 'Hadn't we better go on, since we can't go back just ' .wEsl ?- That -is my idea, Ibrahim says we cannot be in a safer ty9H place, and counsels our going on to Philnte, as we intendea. The rising in the desert is what we have most reason to * fear. But it the worst comes we can get across from here . to Coosseir on the Red Sea, it is only seventy miles, and take ship from there. Ibrahim knows toe road well.' 991i , ' I don't believe anything aver astonished me more in _ 99Ki this world, said Mr. Baldhill. . '1 thought these - BHj Egyptians were as cafe to keep quiet as our own black fellows. It's no use telling toe ladies, is it ? It will take Jna| all the pleasure out of their trip.' ? ' wflgi ' No use in the world. It any real danger crops up of ^ SgfiSj course they must be prepared, but as nothing may conie of ' wmm* this it would be cruel to spoil their enjoyment. Listen to - KHgl your daughter and the little French- woman laughing.'* IHjM This break out of mirth wds occasioned by the sight of ,,mHn little Ayesha, who was daily recovering health and spirits. - The child bed volunteered to perform a dance, and the con- ' trast between her mirthfal motions and small attenuated faams had been irresistible. .aHH K The wind, as if in unison with their wishes, bore them ' . JjflH 5*wiftly up the river past Thebes, the glories of which, with fjlaniak and Luxor, they left to be enjoyed on their return. But Utile halt was made until they arrived beneath the nar- . ' |HH towing hills, the deep, silent glens, the tower-crowned - . teighte which mark the ancient Syene. Here ie the gate of . - - toe^^^^y^giown^valteyof toe Nile. Here^waa onoB ^ ~ . Only a crowd of simple Nuldia villafcereaihpei^ jotefaat^^^||^HB^B sent the stern warrior population that has perished. the spirit of tyranny still visible in a troop of newly- arrived slaves, servility imperishable where so many nobler customs . '|HH have sunk into oblivion. But a truce for awhile to saunterings by the bank of toe ' f mighty river, to musings in the crimson ever, or by toe ~ '999 hushed and charmed midnight. One of the great adven- ' tHH turos of the Nile voyager, the ascent of the. first cataract is - imminent, and no Ires exciting topic can be tolerated. ^ TjEsS The first vitally neoessaxy diplomatic move was that Ibrahim should interview the reis.of the cataract, and that between the high contracting parties all preliminaries should -BjH be carefully settled. The boat has to be unloaded ; that i« 'iMm a minor and unimportant arrangement of detail. The J|H whole of the cargo has to be packed upon camels so as to be ' ' transported landwards to PMse. Three plenipotentiaries : lj991 had arrived. . They are soon seated in conclave. ; Ere the torrent of Arab utterance commences Ihey are culm, grandly ' silent, impassive as. toe bphynx ; they are the Sbeick, toe ifl^9 Reia, and the Pilot of toe Cataract. Soon was the silence dispelled.' Ibrahim and the three grave, spare, swart deters, who s&t; there like the friends of Job, commenced quietly, but gradually . warming in aigu ment began to scream, to gesticulate, to threaten, to denounce. An hour of this sort of work passed, and no progress was apparently made. All suddenly, however, the . congress broke up, like that historical one of Berlin, with decided aud portentous results. The bargain to see too Fatima safply up and over the Cataract was concluded ; the sum was 4greed on, about and not much under a hundreu f^^^9 and fifty francs ; for this sum we were to be canisd ^ up, which - was difficult and toilsome— to be floated ' - down, which was delicately risky. ? Allertiou was mdigflftt ' We pud fifty francs more the last time, but tor some ? reason or other they are lees grasping now. Ibrahim says he filer The return voyage £???- ' ~ The w^^ft-chanced was free and favourable. The :v';-' ,' Fatima *'* np riioem, amid the dark red granite £&%''' - raiffa tVcTgii^W #,-- fa«V: The pilot of ihe Cataract had ^-?' '''? ? ^aneral confidence reigned among raftaaf.^arn *- Whatataflmi air of -decision this fellow , t-a n jM»u^aiiarf/-Ti . 'He was born amid these rocks and ^ repids, doubtless, but what amazing dexterity he shows!' i. . « IttojSndand euAtfig.*' arid Isabel. ' I always ad ' : -, mire pilotsatsea, in a river, anywhere. And look at that . ' ' ' old Arab-Siels going to dive. SnraJy, oh ! surely, we must run. against that cliff. And how the water boils ! The boat wiIU» carded pn to it, and sink.' .? It was w^m -citing moment. The whole of the party ... Btood garingWthe rock— at the boiling rapid— at the calm, statuesqueArkb as he stood erect for one moment and then ~~ '\ plunged beadlpng intothe hisuing foam. Emerging like a Swart rivtjrrggTupon the reck, he received the bow of the Fatima uponi his immovable shoulder, aa from a tree the boat recoiled, and grazing the dreaded psril glided into a pool of crim,:inniffled wavelets. . __ _ ' Was there ever anvthing so splendid 7' cried Isabel. ' These Arabs are noble either on land or water. I thought \- we were lost and that ihatboilingeddy must bea maelstrom. Do you remember the 4 Death of Xing Haoo'?' I used to 1 think it sublime when we were at school : ' He grasped the wheel with a giant's grasp ; Cut were he a thousand men, In vain that moveless wheel might he clasp, . Earth's millions were nothing then. It seems to me the Ishmaelitecan score off the .Norseman.' *??' ' I think I would back these old chiefs of the Cataract to handle* dahabieh with Others himself, who probably never ran the fide up so far,' said Allerton. ' I watched an \- Indian once send his birch bark canoe down the tSauIt St. Hade. Ij with that exception, never witnessed a finer exhi bition of skill andcoolnees. I think we are. through the Worst of jji now. We are passing that gem of an island, Shehaylij we are nearing the foot of the second rapid.' ' Thii old Fatima of ours is a stunning aeaboat, or whateveryon call it, in a river,' said Baldhiil. ' How she y jSings thefoam from her bow going through those black rocks ! I thought, like Isabel, we were done for just before that old'jbap did the shunting busines. Well done, pilot— /Well donf/reis } That's your sort. Now our troubles are \- - foaer for k bit. Well done, old man ! You deserve s pipe, * ?' l and the best Turkish tobacco too.' These exclamations were J called forth by 'the sudden subsidence of motion. . Theyjrjod swept into a quiet bay. The waters were at 'Test, Whnthad become of the fierce turmoil of the cataract 7 -All wasSeaee, rest, tranquil enjoyment. ? v- *' Her|we leave our boat,' said Allerton ; 'we have done enough tor one day. It isscarcely two miles to Phil®. W.e can. go cwerland and camp .there for the night, if we like the idea. Katunately it is nearly full moon,' k « ' PhiBa by moonlight ! ' said Isabel, ' of course we will. \- 0 I wouldpbt 'miss it if we had to live on bread. and water for a months Only two miles off. Let us start at once.' ' More Prudent counsel prevailed. It was judged expedient to partake of a solid and satisfying lunch ; then to send for \- - ward,. by Ibrahim and his contingent, all things necessary foga'seoure and decorous encampment. Then the voyagers '- ad&ressedtbemselves; to the momentous pilgrimage. Jhey had' passed through such a profusion of scenery, ? where* dead cities and the living landscape were so won drfusly intermingled that every sensation of wonder and . 1. admiration had wellnigh been exhausted. But when they A- approached the river port of Birbeand came suddenly, as by a magic gateway in the mountain, upon Phil®, every ? tongue was hushed, every spirit _ filled with \- *jt;4aew-born sense of beauty and sublimity.^ Lovelier ..??J ; v than poet's dream, grand beyond the imagination of 3 tie world- worn traveller amid the triumphs of architecture, ' Sweeter hi its loveliness than. Arcadia, unearthly as the .-Bogdom of the Queen of Faerye,— all images of grandeur ?. wild loveliness paledhefore the actual sunlighted present ?i -? i meat of Phil® . ' Y Years have rolled on; TThe tide of life has ebbed and Swfrv ' ?' Sowed aiqce .figst they saw those piled masses of darksome ?*i-' jfccks, or. r weird shape, .-and strange contours, the silvery j ' Jands, the deep hued verdure, the purple ilo wers, the nodding ? Aalm pldmes.yet till life's currents fail and the* frosts of ^-^^v-*^e' bave' chilled the pulses of the heart can ne'er that ? Jpemory fati. Almost painful was the feeling of surprised _ : Jgaptnre which pqBsessed. eyery gazer, as through craggy \- ' -rkocks and wayhjg foliage the calm silver surfaceof the lake Jnppeared. Lo! in theoentrp of the charmed water arises the jf eacred island — an emerald carven to the river's edge — *' amfd die solemn shadows of the temple city. ?* -- T.TIrn frowning giants, ragged and darksome mountains ? r encircle the valley. All is peaceful beauty beneath their v desolate summits, their torn and rifted cliffs. Fairy minarets . ?.. and terraoes show themselves through the close- woven foliage of the banks. It is a city of the dead; a cluster of \- -palaces awaiting but the horn of -.the. predestined prince, The lpng-expected deliverer. r. ' ^'^bhj Fatej thou art indeed too kind !' cried Isabel, with » ' ? ? a kin| of shriek of delight as the enchanted scene burst upon *1* her -mBion. *' I am quite willing to die, if only I have tune * ' to say my -prayers. I feel like Mahomet at ? Damascus ; there oannot be two heavens ; we had better leave this one and wait for the other.' J . , ? jcc We must pardon enthusiasm here,' said Marguerite , . it *' the genius of the place pleads for it. Could one have imagined that the world contained snch a spot ! How much, 'i -the over-cardful .people lose-who stay at home.' ' It is a beautiful place,' said Mrs. Baldhiil ; ' there's oo doubt ahout that j but i could no more live here than I cohld fly. I should think some .of those old priests would ???'? be1 sure to -comepat night and carry me off into a tomb. The . «ir must be full of ghosts or spirits, if there, are such \- things. Isee that good Ibrahim has got the tents pitched, ♦ . ? flo|vn by the shore, and * fire lighted. I should like a cup of^tea, Imust say. -After you've really been and admired anything till you can't do it any more, there's nothing like \- - a jpod cap of tea.' . *~r: ???-?? Hetie made a few exclamations Buch as tlOh! (Jwl' and * * \~jgraeenl)ieu 'at first, but gradually appeared to lean to the mOire material view of the subject Taken by. Mrs. Baldhiil. \- £ sabel ; cmild hardly be removed except by force, but . . evehtualiy the little party found . ttremselves seated^ on their % cat®ete, sipping the comforting beverage and gazing tran ...yS?wajttv at .the towers and domes of the mystic island, as if Mrsf Baldhill's interpolation) they had been. . jj^sa^ftg a picnic at Bose Bay or. Middle Head. \- ? when, after the lingering eve had fled, the moon tttwrifiwiiih nnflflgn flhmtynpHnp ot iha shadowv island, the ruins, Isabel sprang to her qeclaTipg- that she saw.. white-robed forms and that it. must be the feast of Hathor. '.She insisted upon a jramblp : pftr^iBtefaca enAedna nBualin the , Ift-tfinrj who, with Mrs. . Mortimer and ffPy '.'Tflll if I'm , fdt compelled to accompany her in the quest for . proaesmons and revived festivals. . ? __ ' V ^' Sorely we arehot in the same world as Austndia and told Merradbblah,' she- Bald to her indulgent parent, ^el asif I hadheen dead and come to life again in This Wfi? ' : l«.wd of Wonders and miracles. We must come back ' ?n.gidn some day, like Mr. Allerton — won't we, dad?' ' Certainly, pussy, if the eeasons keep good out there.*_ ' What a' night of eplendonr and soroery ! What a divine u v. .. fragment of human life !' said Allerton, mueingly. , ' No ; , i^monder the priests Of the most ancient of religions, regarded , : c 3 c 4 ^is fVnmdrous retreat as sacred 1 They were wise in their :v ' y;i genmation. ? Sunronndod by-Bach a combination of super influenoss, sandy the brain must be exalted, the heart J- , -- ' 7 eublimety mnotionMiaed above man's ordinary standard. Bo ' believe with me ?' he asked, suddenly turning to ^ r' ^ Me^KuBritej ' Yon hftve a eoul that soars above conven- -.1 ... ?- v ? c; ?»? ;/.. .\,''.Such thinge xiiay be,' replied she, gently, as she f mtjfted his changed -expression and ardent regard ; but Si -a 1- ^*dio«pe*iwiBdom distrnste the guidance of- The feelings, hi ; - tti^mdistarbed moods themlnd comptres and decides. The 1- : principle which shapes oar course is ever the. product of ,«Vvquil thought. All moral intoxicants produce but , \ rimpomry brilliancy ; their end is depression end despair.' -v '--And are yoa one of those calm-natured, I will not say cold- blooded, organisms, that canon ail occasions subordi neto tiie spirit light, the ethereal Bplendonrof the imagi ?.-: nation to the fancied debts of duty or circum&l;&nce; ? .Were f. 1 % we .not created to enjoy, to seek happiness amid kindred . spirits, not to cmvriL' aimlessly, hopelessly, atfiid the en 1 -rJ&vBdherdofeobiriyLf;*' ^ -/ Avf« x am by no means oahn-natored,' answered Mar yn^rite, ' but l diaumstnll stepa that ore not on the firm v5r. gtoand of sxperienes and authority. The stronger the natural disposition to speculative freedom tiie greater the neceasifyf or control.' ' You are speaking in your character of -ooiivernan te,*' he replied with* tone ot disappointment, ? 'Canyon not give me credit for divining that you were neither bom norm tended to fill, the position P Isabel is a good child and of a fine nature, but she little knows the captive prinoesswho honours her by attendance.' A saddened smile passed over Marguerite's face as she -answered — ' If you have divined any portion of my secret of 'facts which 1 have reason not to wish known, you will, I feel certain, base upon that knowledge even greater con sideration for me. But it is idle to talk of circumstances or \- sentiments in which neither yon nor I can ever share.' ' Axe you so certain P '* replied he, fixing his earnest gaze upon her. And in the moon rays his eyes appeared to burn .and scintillate like the stars in the 'blue heaven above. 'Fate may be stronger than either of us.' ' That is a phrase,' replied Marguerite, raising her head with an answering glance of not less power, ' only usedfor the convenience of weak souls who dare not suffer, much less die for their faith. A cruel destiny breaks the martyrs of life on the wheel.of misfortune ; it can neither force recanta tion nor compel dishonour.' As .she uttered this last sentence Maiguerite stood with head erect, and that poise of figure which seemed to promise a gesture of defiance. Allerton thought her form and mien alike queenly, and could have pictured some royal captive defying the grim cruelty of the priests of IsiB. Then her head was bowed, her face assumed an expression of sadly reminiscent feeling, as she exclaimed in a changed voice, ' We have bean vainly discussing the abstract, let us regain (Impractical by returning.' When they returned Marie was slumbering at the side o Mrs. Baldhiil, who was still awake and alive to the influ ences of the scene. ' I didn't feel quite up to walking half the night after the day we've had,' said that matron ; 'but it will be a long time before we have another time like this, and we may as well make the best of it. I've been reading in my Bible, Isabel, and there's no donbt in my mind this is one of the places that the prophet Isaiah speaks of. ' They shall call the nobles thereof to the kingdom, but none shall be there, and all her princes shall be nothing.' ' Here the tired girl sat down at her mother's feet, rest ing her head, childlike, upon her lap as she proceeded to read the verses of doom, which in her undoubting belief de ferred to the picturesque desolation by which they were surrounded. ' ' And thorns shall come up in her palaces, nettles and brambles in the fortresses thereof ; and it shall be an habi tation of dragons and a court for owls.' ' ' * The wild beasts of the desert shall also meet with the wild beasts of the island, and the satyr shall cry to his fellow ; the screech-owl also shall rest there, and find for herself a place of rest.' ' As the last words of the reader fell upon the ears of the listeners an immense dark-winged bird flitted noiselessly across the moonlit sky and perched upon a sculptured pro pylon which stood shadowless in-the crystal clearness of the night. In the unbroken stillness of the hour there seemed something supernatural in the literal fulfilment of these images of desolation. Isabel shuddered. ' I hope that dreadful bird is not one of ill omen. He sits there like Edgar Foe's raven. I wonder which of us the fate will fall on ?' ' Not upon you, dearest child,' said Marguerite, taking the girl's delicate hand in her's caressingly ; ' but you have overtired yourself. We muBt not have any more moonlight rambles : ' ' and with a silent greeting and somewhat subdued spirits the wearied wayfarers sought their couches. 