Mr. Pudster's Return. (Continued.) OA?PTIR II. Mr. Gibbon Maggleby had been married rather less than two-and-twenty hours, when, at. about nine o'clock on the morning of March 23, 1868, he walked into the room in which he had so often breakfasted and dined with his, late friend and partner, Solomon Pudater. Mr. bMaggleby, who was pre eminently a man of business, had not seen fit to go to the Isle of Wight or to Paris to spend his honeymoon; and Mrs. Maggleby, who was nothing if not a woman of sound sense, had loyally accepted the decision of her third lord and master. They had agreed to stay in town, and not to allow their new happiness to interfere with their material in terests in Mincing Lane. Mr. Mhagglehy had determined, however, to make a holiday of the day after his wedding; to stay at home in the morning with his wife, to escort her to Madame Tassaud's in the afternoon, and to take her to the play in the evening. With this comfortable programme in his mind's eye, Mr. Maggleby came down to breakfast in his flowered dressing-gown. Mrs. Maggleby, he knew, would not be many minutes behind him, and he therefore rang the bell for the coffee, and turned lazily towards the table, upon which lay two piles of letters. The smaller heap chiefly con siated of missives addressed to Mrs. Pudster, Ifjor the marriage of the previous day had not as yet been noised abroad in the country, Sand Mrs. Maggleby had several female cor respondents who communicated with her much more often than she communicated with them. The larger bundle was made up of letters addressed either to DMr. Maggleby .or to Messra. Pudster and Maggleby, the letters to the firm having been already brought down from Mincing Lane by a con fidential clerk. It was a chilly morning; and Mr. Maggie Sby, with the letters in his hand, sank into an Seasy chair by the fireside, and then began to polish his spectacles. But ere he had time to complete that operation, one envelope attracted the attention of his not very dim sighted eyes. It bore the post- mark ' Ply mouth,' and was addressed in a familiar hand-writing. Without waiting to put on his spectacles, Mr. Maggleby seized the en envelope and tore it open. For an instant he stared at the letter which it contained; then he turned white, and fell back with a groan. But Mr. Maggleby was a man of considerable self-command, and he soon partly recovered himself. ." Maria must not see me in this agitated state," he murmured, as he rose. " I shall go back to my dressing-room, and decide upon some plan of action before I face her." And with unsteady steps, he quitted the room, taking with him the letter that was the cause of his emotion. Almost immediately afterwards, a servant entered with the coffee and some covered dishes, which she set upon the table; and no sooner had she withdrawn than Mrs. Maggleby appeared. Mrs. Maggleby looked blooming, and was evidently in capital spirits. She caught up her letters, sat down smiling in a very easy chair from which her husband had risen a few minutes, and began to read. The first letters to be opened were, of course, those which were addressed to her in her new name. They contained con gratulations upon her marriage. Then she attacked the envelopes that were addressed to Mrs. Pudster. One contained a bill; another contained a reqnest for Mrs. Pud ster's vote on behalf of Miss Tabitha Gab bles, a maiden lady who was seeking ad mission into the Home of the daughters of Decayed Trinity Pilots ; and a third brought a lithographed letter from the Marquis of Palmyra, imploring the recipient to make some small subscription to the funds of the Association for the Encouragement of As paragus Culture in the Scilly Islands. There were also letters fnom Miss Martha Tigstake and Mrs. Benjamin Bowery, dealing with nothing in particular and everything in general; and finally there was a letter bear ing the post mark "Plymouth." Mrs. Mag gleby opened it carelessly ; but a single glance at its contents caused her to start up, grasp convulsively at the mantelpiece, utter an exclamation and tremble like a leaf. "Poor Gideon I" she said. "What a Sfearful blow I He musn't see me in this agitated state. I shall go up-stairs again, and decide upon some plan of action before I face him." And Mrs. Maggleby, letter in hand and pale as death, quitted the room, leaving the coffee and the eggs and bacon and the crumpets to get cold. Three quarters of an hour later, Mr. Maggleby ventured down-stairs again. He was dressed as if to go to the City, and in his hand he held a letter which bore the simple address, "Maria." This letter he laid upon his wife's plate. It was worded as follows : My dearest Life-I am suddenly and un expectedly summoned to Mincing Lane on business of the greatest importance. I do niot know exactly when I shall return, but you must not be anxious.-Yours devotedly, GIDEON, Mr. Maggleby hastily seized a tepid Scrumpet, and without the formality of seat ing himself at the table, devoured the clammy dainty. Then hearing his wife upon the stairs, he rushed like a madman * from the room, and an instant afterwards left the house and quietly closed the front door behind him. Mrs. Maggleby, whose face bore traces of recent weeping, entered the dining-room as if she expected to find the place tenanted by a ghost. Discovering, however, that it was empty she resumed her seat by the fire, and, with an hysterical outburst, buried her head in her hands. " "Poor dear Gideon I" she sobbed. " What will become of him and me ? We shall be imprisoned for life; I know we shall. The house will have to be shut up; the business will go to ruin; the servants will have to know all. Oh,.it is too terrible But I must compose myself. Gideon will be com ing down, and I must be prepared to break the news to him;" and with great self-com mand, Mrs. Maggleby wiped her eyes and seated herself at the table. As she did so, she caught sight of her husband's note, which she eagerly opened. "He has gone!" she exclaimed despair. "ingly, when she had read it. "I am left alone to bear the trial!--Ah, Gideon, you little know how cruel you are. But I must follow you. We must concert measures at once." Once more she went up-stairs. She put on her bonnet and cloak; she covered her flushed face with a thick veil; and without :saying a word to any of her servants, she Sleft the house, and made the best of her way to the nearest cabstand. Meantime, Mr. Maggleby had been driven to his place of business in Mincing Lane. He entered his office, and sat down as if dazed, in his private room. Hearing of his principal's unexpected arrival, the head clerk, Mr. John Doddard, almost imme diately appeared. He too was scared and breathless. "Read, sir, read !" he gasped as he thrust an open letter Mr. Maggleby's hand. Mr. Maggleby mechanically tookthe letter, and read aloud as follows : On Board S.S. Camel, off Plymouth, Tues day. Dear Mr. Doddard-As you are probably not expecting me, I send a line ashore to let you know that I hope to return in time to be at business at the usual hour on Thurs day. Please take care that there is a good fire in my private room, as a visit to De -merera always, as you know, renders me particularly sensitive to the cold and damp. I am writing to Mr. Maggleby. We have had a capital voyage so far, but the weather in the Channel threatens to be rather dirty. I shall land at Gravesend; and if you. can find out when the Camel is likely tol be there, you may send down some, one to meet me.-Yours faithfully, SOLOMON PUDSTER. "I knew it I" ejaculated Mr. Maggleby; "I have just received the letter that he speaks'of." " What does it all mean?" asked Mr. Doddard. " I seem to be dreaming, sir. We buried poor Mr. Pudster eight months ago, didn't we ?" "So I thought," murmured Mr. Mag gleby vaguely. "But this letter is certain ly in his handwriting. And look at the post-mark. There it is, as plain as pos sible: 'Plymouth, March 22, 1868.' That was yesterday; and to-day is Wednesday, March 23rd.-Just read my letter, Dod dard l" and he pulled from his pocket a missive, which he handed to his clerk. Mr. Doddard read as follows : "On board S.S. Camel, off Plymouth,Tues day. "My dear Gideon,-Here I am almost at home again. I fancy that you didn't expect to see me just at present; for I wasn't able to write to you before we left Demerara ; so, as we are now sending ashore here, I post you a few lines to prepare you for the sur prise. It is, as you know; quite unusual for vessels of this line to call at Plymouth, and therefore I haven't time to send you a long letter; though, if we should call at South ampton, I will write again from there. I have told Doddard to send some one to meet me at Gravesend; let him take down any letters that you may want me to see at once. Yours affectionately, SOLOMON." " Well, I never did I" cried Mr. Doddard. " Yet I could swear to Mr. Pudater's hand writing anywhere. It is a terrible thing for a man who ought to be lying quietly in his coffin to come back like this, and upset every one's calculations." " You are certain about the handwriting ?" asked Mr. Maggleby anxiously. "Quite certain 1" replied Mr. Doddard. " What a frightful thing for poor Mrs. Pud ster." "Mrs. Maggleby, you mean," said Mr. Maggleby. " Yes. I don't know how to breakit to her. It's a case of bigamy; isn't it?" "Let us hope for the best, sir. Mr. Pudater won't prosecute, I fancy, consider ing the peculiar character of the circum stances. It's his fault. That's my opinion. I could swear, even now, that we buried him. He must have revived in his coffin, and been dug up again by the grave-diggers ; and must then have gone over to Demerara, in order to avoid shocking his poor wife." \- "I wonder our Demerara agents didn't say something about it when they wrote by the last mail," said Mr. Maggleby. " Oh, of course he kept them quiet, sir. But it's a cruel case- that's all I have to say. And though I have known Mr. Pud ster thesethirty years, and liked him too, I don't hesitate to say that he's not behaving straightforwardly in this piece of busi ness. "Hush I Wait until you know of his motives," said Mr. Maggleby. " He can't excuse himself, sir, I tell you," rejoined Mr. Doddard warmly. " If hecomes back, I go. So there I And I say it with all respect to you, sir. When a man's once dead, he's got no right to come back again. It isn't natural; and what's more, it isn't business-like." The bitterness of Mr. Doddard's remarks in this connection may be partly accounted for by consideration of the fact that Mr. Maggleby had a few days previously an. nounced his intention of taking the head clerk into partnership at an early date. Mr. Pudater's return would of course knock this project on the head. " Well, Doddard," said Mr. .Maggleby, "we can't mend matters by talking. We can only wait; and, perhaps, when we see DMr. Pudster, we shall find that" But Mr. Maggleby's philosophical remarks were suddenly cut short by the unexpected arrival of Mrs. Maggleby upon the scene. She rushed into the private room, stretched forth a letter, and fell sobbing upon her husband's neck. Mr. Maggleby placed his wife in a chair, opened a cupboard, gave her a glass of wine, took the letter, and read it. Like the others, it was dated from on board the Camel, off Plymouth. " My own dearest Wife," it ran -" In a few hours from this I shall, I hope, be with you once more, never again to leave you. I ought to have already apprised you of the probable date of my return; but at the last moment before starting, I had no op portunity of writing. How glad I shall be to see you I My long absence has been a great trial to me, and I feel sure that.it has tried you; but it is now almost at an end. I will. if nossible. write a:ain from South ampton, and tell you exactly when to expect me. The sea in the Channel is so rough that at present it is difficult to say when we shall get into the river.-Your ever loving husband, SOLOMON." " It is most painful 1" gasped Mrs. Mag gleby. " What can we do, Gideon? You must manage to meet Solomon at Gravesend. Look in the newspaper, and see whether Camel has been signalled yet. He must hear first of what has happened either from my lips or from yours; and I am really not well enough to go myself. I thought that he was lying cold in his coffin. Oh, that I should have committed bigamy I I ought to have remained faithful to his memory. This is my punishment. But he must-he shall forgive me." Mr. Doddard had gone into the outer office, and had sent a clerk foracopy of the Times. With this he now returned-; and the paper was opened on Mr. Maggleby's table, and eagerly scanned for news of the Camel. " Here we have it !" said Mr. Doddard at last. "' Steamship Camel, from Demerara to London, with cargo and passengers, was signalled off Doverat one o'clock this morn ing.'-Then Mr. Pudster will be at Graves in as hour or two, sir." "Go, Gideon, go I" exclaimed Mrs. Mag gleby. "Lose no time. Take a special train if necessary. Tell him all, and implore his forgiveness." "Yes, I think I had better go, Maria," said Mr. Maggleby. "I will send a clerk home with you, and will telegraph to you as soon as I see your-your late husband. the meantime, try to be calm. Please them to call a cab, Doddard." Mr. Doddard returned to the outer office, and despatched a messenger for two cabs. Mr. Maggleby handed Mrs. Maggleby into one of them, and a clerk followed her. Then the unfortunate man went back for a moment to his private room to study Brad shaw on the best and speediest route from London to Gravesend. There was a train at a quarter past eleven. It was then a quarter to eleven. "And when will he be at Gravesend ?" asked Mr. Maggleby. Mr. Doddard turned again to the Times. But instead of at once lighting upon the shipping news his eye fell upon a paragraph that occupied a not very conspicuous posi tion at the foot of the page. Suddenly he uttered a cry. " What's the matter, Doddard?" de manded Mr. Maggleby, who was rapidly growing impatient. Mr. Doddard replied by bursting into a paroxysm of laughter. " By Jove I" he ex claimed, "this is too ridiculossl I never heard of such a thing in my life I It is like a play I Ha, ha, ha I" "Your merriment is rather ill-timed," cried Mr, Maggleby reproachfully. "Tell me when Mr. Pudster vill arrive at Graves. end; and be quick, or I shall lose that train." "Apump, too I" continued the head clerk hilarioubly. "You're mad, I think," said Mr. Maggleby.. " What do you mean !" "Well, read this, sir," answered Mr. Doddard; and he' handed the Times to his principal and pointed to the paragraph. Mr Maggleby testily took the paper, ad justed his spectacles, and read : "Extraordinary Discovery at Plymouth. The corporation of Plymouth recently deci ded to remove an old and disused pump which for many years has stood handleless and dry on the Hoe. Yesterday morning, some workmen proceeded to remove it, and in its interior they were astonished to dis cover a number of letters, which had, it is supposed, been put into the hole into which the handle formerly fitted, under the delu sion that the pump was a post office pillar letter-box. The letters were at once taken to the Plymouth post-office, and were with out delay forwarded to their destinations." "Can it be true?" ejaculated Mr. Maggleby, with a great sigh of relief. "Then the fact of the Camel having been signalled last night off Dover is merely a coincidence ?" "Most certainly," said Mr. Doddard. "Thank Heaven 1" cried Mr. Maggleby fervently. " Send the cab away, Doddard. But no I I'll go home again at once, and set my poor wife at ease. Ha, ha I I do remem ber now, that when poor Mr. Pudster came home from his last voyage, he discovered that some letters which he had posted at Plymouth had not been delivered. We didn't miss them, because, as you recollect, Doddard, he wrote again from Southampton." "Of course he did, sir," said Mr. Doddard. "Well let us congratulate ourselves. It would have been a fearful business for Mrs. Maggleby to have to go through." " Anid it would have been bad for you, Doddard, for it would have spoilt your chance of a partnership for some time to come. Now, I'm'off." Mr. Maggleby put the Times in his pocket, and departed ; and when he reached his home and showed the paper to his wife, the couple sat together for at least half an hour, talk ing over the extraordinary nature of the ad venture. "Well we shall be able to go to Madame Tussaud's and the theatre after all, Maria," said Mr. Maggleby at luncheon. And go they did; and what is more, Mr. Doddard became a partner a fortnight later, the firm thenceforward being known as Maggleby and and Doddard. 