SPORTING NOTES RACES TO COME. MOUST GAMBIER WISTER MEETLNG-July 9 and 10. Nominations, June 9. Acceptances, July 8. Night of general entry, July 8. The winter programme of the Mount Gambier Racing Club appears in another portion of this issue. It is in all respects an excellent one. Such abortions as hack races, scurries, and selling races have been care fully avoided, as they should be by all clubs having any pretensions to be considered high class. The meeting extends over two days, viz., Wednesday and Thursday, the 9th and 10th July. A Maiden Hurdlerace opens the ball, the distance being one mile and a half and the value 30 sovs. Then comes the Mount Gambier Handicap, of 80 sovs., the distance being similar to the last event. The Trial Stakes of 15 sovs. is succeeded by a Hurdlerace of 50, about two miles; a Flying Handicap of 25 sovs. winds up the first day. On the second day business commences with the Glenburnie Hurdlerace, of 30 sovs., the distance being about one mile and a half. The Blue Lake Handicap of 40 sovs., one mile, makes way for the event of the day, viz, the Steeplechase, of 70 sovs., the second horse to receive 10 sovs. The amateur element is afforded an opportunity in the Bracelet Stakes, the winner being presented with a bracelet value 30 sovs., and the second one value 10. The Free Handicap, for which one sovereign will suffice, winds up what must be regarded as a very attrac tive programme. Altogether the Club gives away £400 iu stakes. The All World Fair in connection with the race meeting promises to be one of the most successful affairs of the kind ever held here. The ladies of the district have been for some time busily engaged in the prepara tion of articles for it, and their taste and skill will no doubt meet with due apprecia tion when the proper time arrives. There was a good attendance and fair sport at the WilliamstoWD races on Easter Monday. Gambler won the Hurdlerace, Mickey Free the Telegraph Stakes, and Stampede the Steeplechase; in the latter Midnight was second and Blackthorn third. The increasingly popular Onkaparinga meet ing was largely attended on Monday last, the attendance being estimated at 1U,0U0 per sons. There were large fields, and, conse quently good racing. Our little friend Brigand, with lOst. 81bs. on his back, accounted for the Hurdlerace, which he won cleverly from Mayflower, Mesalliance being a good third} four others started. Only four contested the Maiden Plate, which fell to Mr. S. Ferry's Baron. Preparations were then made for the Cup, for which eight came to the post. Agitation (8st< 31b.) was a strong favorite, but she went down before the outsider Exile (6st. 51bs.), who ran the mile and a half in 2m. 45sec.-very fair time. Exile jumped away in front, led all the way, and won easily by ten lengths. Agitation was second and Sally Waters third j -Ruby, Bomba, Brigand, King Lud, and Conundrum were tbe other starters. A capital iield con tested the Steeplechase, no less than fifteen horses going to the post. Premier and Re prieve fell at the first fence, Chester falling over them. The field was thus early re duced. Pinty, Taraxacum, and Trigger were in front all the way. Austerlitz was leading at the last fence, whe. e he fell, and Trigger sailed in an easy winner by ten lengths, Pinty being second and Taraxacum third, beating Nimrod on the post. Last Card fell. Glen burn, Mystery, Adventurer, Jim Mace, The Rogue, Broughton, and Nunrod also started. Luna appropriated the Hills Rail way Stakes, Gymkhana and Virtue tilling the places; six others started. New Babylon had an easy thing in the Members' Steeple chase, Demon and Athol gaining the situa tions. The Selling Race, won by Onkapa ringa, terminated a very successful meeting. Iu the Onkaparinga Steeplechase Mr. T. Haig had a horse named Broughton running in his name; he was trained by Henry Manly. The Penshurst annual races, which were run off on Monday last, proved tolerably successful, the weather being fine and the attendance fair. Half-a- dozen came to the (joat for the Welcome Stakes, which fell to vVo.seley, Matilda and St. George running second and third. The Hurdlerace was won rather easily by Sir Patrick, Equity and Minnewarra filling the places. Little John beat Maid of the Mist, Jack, and three others for the Pensnurst Cup, and DeVjjn apprapriated the Selling Hurdlerace. " A good race ensued in the Flying Handioap, Hawkesbury beating Transvaal by a head Eric won a Selling Flat Race, and Little John followed up his Cup win by beating Wolseley by half a length. Between four and five thousand persons visited the Dowling Forest course on Monday to witness the meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club. The racing was not exciting, and the largest field for any event was five, and that was for the Steeplechase. The finishes, as a rule, were not close, the races in each in stance being easily won by the favorite. Racing commenced with the Novel Selling Handicap, which was easily carried off by Lenore. The next event, the Hurdlerace, was won easily by Musidora, Douglas being second and Shiela third. Only four faced the starter for the Easter Handicap, and Don Quixote, who was an even-money favo rite, won comfortably, with The Andes second and Irralee third. Tha Steeplechase brought five horses to the post. Ifoorong was most fancied, and he won at last rather easily from Chippenham, Chrysalis being third. Fearnought fell and broke his neck. The Dowling Forest Stakes was won by Irralee, with Virago second and Sardanapalus third. Le Grand's time for the A.J.Q. St. Leger, 3min. 104sec., is the fastest yet run for that event. The next best is that of Navigator, who last year won it in 3min. 12sec. The A.J.C. meeting was continued on Wednesday, the Flying Handicap being the opening event. This was won by Lord Exeter, Kathleen getting second and Priva teer third. Salva had only Cairngorm to beat in the Maiden Stakes, which he did very easily. Twenty-one horses weighed out for the Sydney Cup, Le G^and being made a 5 to 2 chance. After half the dis tance had been traversed Favo rushed to the front, and without being headed won by two lengths from Empress, Sardonyx being half a length away third. Normanby, Here's Luck, and Le Grand finished in that order. The time was good, viz., 3min. 36sec. Half a mile from the start Morpeth and Martini Henry collided and fell. The former broke his leg and had to be destroyed. Power, the rider of Martini-Henry, broke his collar bone, and Hales, who was on the back of Morpeth, got a. severe shaking. Paul won the Selling Plate and Sirocco the Saplings. The Andes, who has proved himself a real good horse, caught the eye of that astute judge, Mr. G. Pyers, the other day, who, taking a fancy to him, offered £650 for him. This Mr. Johnson refused, but Mr. Pyers "springing a bit more," the offer was ac cepted. The Andes goes into R. Howie's stable, and as he is let into the Adelaide Cup with 7st. 41bs., there are more unlikely things than that he should have a good look in for this rich stake. Favo, the winner of the Sydney Cup, is a five-year-old chesnut mare by The Drummer from Romping Girl. Although we'l enough bred for anything, Favo's credentials previous to this were not of a very exalted character. She was regarded by the handicapper as a " duffer," and weighted as such. Monaghan, tbe trainer of the winner, ran third with Sardonyx and fifth with Le Grand. Mineral Water, the winner of the EDglish Waterloo Cup, on the night of the draw (Tuesday) was quoted at 1,000 to 12. After winning two courses, and when the card was called over on Wednesday, 18 to 1 was offered ; and on Thursday night, when only four dogs were left in tbe stake, 4 to 1 was taken and offered. For the deciding course on Friday 9 to 4 was laid on Mineral Water beating Greentick. Last year's winner, Wild Mint, was quoted 100 to 1 on the night of the draw. The census of sporting men and athletes has been taken in Canada, and the yield is 15,000 lacrosse players, 5,000 curlers, 4,000 snow shoers, 3,000 or 4,000 cricketers, 2,0i)0 football players, 1,000 rowing men, 1,000 base- ballists, 1,000 bicyclists, and 10,000 given to other sports - to yachting, racing, canoeing, tbe gun, the turf, obess, billiards, &c.; The Ghost, who ran almost unbacked in the Elsternwick Park Selling Race, was bonght in for £76, of which the club nets £56. The apparition, who will be heard of again, is most appropriately named, being by Hamlet out of Mystery. RUSTICUS. 