Ifffe^lktemts. The Editors' Ghost. I was onoB night editor of a morn ing paper. My associate in tho local department was Ward Sutun, a young fellow of keen perceptions, ready wit, ?and active ability. Nothiug escaped . his observation. He was indefatigably industrious, and picked up all the news, delving out items from apparently barren ground, and our department of local news, soon after his advent, outstripped unuau ui ivu our uuutonjpuriines. Ward had one fault, however. The social bowl possessed powerful attrac tions for him, and it was too often evident that he had been imbibing more freely than a sound judgment would dictate. Well do I remember when he chose for his theme 'Dregs and Scum.' He penetrated the vilest haunts of the lowest classes, and described their inhabitants iu a wonderfully vivid man ner. Their vices, their misfortunes, tho bright spot in their lives, jtogether with scraps of adventure and incident — exciting, amusing, and path etic—were all treated with rare spirit and grace by his ready pen. Of course, iu this pursuit he visited the resort of thieves, villains and desperadoes, and .plunged into scenes against his safe exit from which there were many chances. Ward and 1, when at work, occupied a room by ourselves, while the managing editor and Sailey, his assistant, had another apartment just across the hall. One night about half-pasb eleven Ward said to me — 'Well, Feasible, T guess I'll go out and see what I can see. I've sent in a couple of columns, and Dobbin will be on the look-out to report ,if any thing turns up. I'll be back by half past one or two.' 'Ward,' I said, looking him in the fa-.se, 'hadn't you better wait until to morrow night ?' 'Why 1 Oh, I know ; you think I'm not exactly well balanced. But I'm all right. I'minjnst the mood for it to-night, too.' 'Yes, you always are, for that matter. Where do you propose to go to-night?' 'Down to ? ' The very worst place in the city ! The concentration of vile and desperate lawlessness ! 'You're not iu earnest Ward. You're not going there to-night, are you ? ' 'That's just where I'm going. You know their great mogul, Barney Buck, 1O CbVYULlrlUf^ U111UL Wl UlltlU IXlgMWaV 1UU~ bery, and I want to hear their com ments. .Fove, won't it be a treat !' 'Well \V ard, 1 would'nt go that's all 'Well Feasible. I don't want you to go. But I'm going. 'You may take this if you want it,' and I unlocked a drawer, and drew out a revolver. 'No, he exclaimed, laughing in scorn. 'You had bettor take it.' But he persisted in declining. 'Very well, have your own way. But bo cooland keep a sharp lookout and promise mo one thing Ward that you will not drink any more to night, at least, until you' get back.' He had been Blowly moving towards the door, and now rushrsd out sud denly . exclaiming with a laugh : 'AH right.' After he had gone I moved uneasily in -my chair for some moments, and at last, with an effort, bent myself to the work before me. Presently Bailey came in. ' Whore is Sutfin ?' he asked. ' Don't ask,' I replied. ' Oh !' ho exclaimed with a scowl, 'will he be gone long ?' ' Till half-past one, he said.' / Well, I hope he'll get back.' And with the last word the door swung to, as Bailey retired. I echoed an amen to his wish. We all liked Ward, and felt an interest in him. He wasso young, so bright, and capable of so much. My head, was not clear that night I could not think straight, nor bring my energies to bear on the tasks before me. So I took my meerschaum down from its shelf, soraped it out carefully, went' to a private drawer, and filled the pipe with some genuine Turkish tobacco that I kept on hand for rare occasions like the present one. I suspect it contained a liberal ad mixture of thosefascinating, threacher ous drugs for which the East is famons, .for its effect .was always in desribably exhilating. Perhaps I took a more liberal allow ance than usual that time. I never felt so keen or so fascinated by any work as on that particular night. I worked on steadily, untiringly, con scious of no effort-, and completely absorbed in the tasks' before me ... My tasks were' completed, with the exception of one or two trifles, and I leaned back in my chair and yawned Happening to look around I, behold the door open noiselessly, and Ward Sutfin entered. It was 2 o'clock or after. .? ' . .????,'''.? ;'' ' ' ' 'What's the matter, Ward V I cried for there was .a bright red wound on his forehead, and every ; vestige of colour' seemed 'to have faded from his face. ??'.?'.'?'''*'? i '. .'?' He paid noattentionto niy inquiry, but proceeded directly to his desk and sat down. He walked with his usual quick step, and immediately on scat ing himself took pencil and paper and began to write. 'Ward, I say, Still he did not reply. His pencil travelled over tho paper rapidly. 'Ward !' I spoke loudly an.d sharply but he paid no attention too my voice I concluded that he was to absorbed. not to hear me — though that would not be like him. I folt curious to know how he had received the wound on his forehead, which, however, I concluded from his cool behaviour could be nothing seri ous. . ' ? ; I took a newspaper, rolled it up in a bunch, and throw it at his head, thinking to startle him. Horror! It seemed to go through him, and he went on writing, ap parently undisturbed. I gazed at him spellbound, Finally he threw down his pencil and arose. 'See here, old boy 1' 1 exclaimed, springing up and starting towards him. Without even so much as looking at me, he walked quickly to'the door, opened it, soemeil to glide out, and. closed if noiselessly after him. Going into the hall 1 expected to overtake him, but he. was not in sight ran across to an office boy. 'Did you see Me Sutfin just now ?' I as'xed. 'No, sir.1' 'You did not ?' . 'No, sir. There ha'u't been nobody here.' 'How long have you been hero V 'A few minutes.' Ward certainly just came out here from my room. 'I didn't see him.' I was bewildered, I went to my room, and was just about to sit down to my table, when I bethought myself to examine what Ward had written. I went to his desk and to my intense astonishment and horror, read tho following — , ?Murder— Mr W. Sutfin, local editor this paper, came by his death at the hands of assassins shortly before two o'clock this morning. He had been attending — as a spectator — an indig nation meeting, and. while leaving, was fallen upon by three ruffians, and severely beaten. One of the trio ac complished their murderous designs by striking a fearful blow on his forehead with a small bar of iron. They left his body in a cell in Pinche's Alley.' A first I was so transfixed as to be able only to hold the paper in my hand and stare at it. I read ifc thrice over, scanning each word and letter in a horrible fascina tion. It was Ward's handwriting — there was no mistake about that ; and. Ward had written it — for Y had seen him. I pounced upon a conclusion without delay, and that was that Ward had been murdered, and that I had seen his. ghost ! The place mentioned as the recep tacle of Ward's body must be searched immediately. I laid the paper down and went to the door. As I opened it a gust of wind swept in, creating quite a commotion among the papers. ' I sprang back to the table. Ward's manuscript had blown off with the rest, and I stooped down to look for it. Just then I heard. Bailey's step in the hall, and I called — ? 'Bailey ! Bailey ! Come in here, for Heavens sake ! 'What's up, Feasible ? I can't distinctlyrecollect, much less account for my manner on that night. 'It's just as I feared,' I said, still searching for the missing paper. 'What is it V 'Ward ? ' 'What of him? 'Ho is killed,' 'Ward killed! How? When? Who brought tho news ?' I suddenly paused in my search, and stared him blankly as he asked the last question. ' Why don't you answer mo 1 Who told you ? Where is he ?' ' In a cellar in Pinche's Alley.' 'Who brought the news ? Will you answer that ?' ? . ' He brought it hero himself — or tather his ghost did,' I answered doggedly. 'See hore, Feasible.' said Bailey, sharply, ' don't have any foolery on such a subject. Are you joking, or are you not ?' ' . 'Joking! No, no ! I wish I was. But come on !' I seized him by the shoulder, and endeavoured to drag him towards the door. 'We must find his body.' Bailey thought I was out of my mind, and I did not blame him, He disengaged himself from my grasp, nnd wheeled about, facing me. 'Now tell me.what you mean,' he said sternly, with a voice and manner which brought me back to coherency. In as calm a manner as possible I. related to 'him the events of the few moments just passed. ,? When I had concluded he eyed me narrowly, ? and his face bore an in credulous look. ' ' ? 'You don't believe me,'. I said. 'But bo kind enough to help me for a moment,1 and we will soon find the paper. QMie wind blew it on the floor; I felt rather chagrined, and was doubly anxious to fiud- it. , But it was not to be found. We searched every nook and corner and examined every stray scrap. .' 'It must have fallen into the fire place,' I said. 'See— there are its charred remains !' 'Yes, I see,' said Bailey, looking at me pityingly. 'But never lniud to night, Feasible. You had better go home and get rested.1 'You are trifling 1' I ejaculated. 'You don't believe me, but I have spoken the truth, and you or some one else must go with mo immediately.' Bailey poohed, and endeavored to persuade me out of this idea. I made my way to the police station and was furnished with an escort of two officers. Soon we turned into Pinche'a Alley, a narrow, dirty lane, Down into damp places and nests of filth we peered, withdrawing from eaoti as soon as wo had scanned it throughly. At laBt wo found the dead body of Ward. I looked first at the forehead, whore there was a bright rod wound, corres-1 ponding precisely with tho ono I had seen on — what ? The body was taken to the hospital, in order. to acertain whother or not life was extinct, The physician said he must have been dead an hour. I thought, whon I returned to the office, that Bailey looked on me with an expression akin to awe. 1 spare all sickening details of the xcitement that followed, of the talk about my part of the tragedy, of the fruitless search- for the murderers. Afterwards Bailey made me give him a more explicit account of the strange manner in which I received informa tion of tho tragic event. I do not attempt to give any ex planation oE what I havo related. The facts — or my memory of them — I have laid before you.' 