NEW CHURCH OP ST. PAUL THE APOSTLE, MOUNT GAMBIER. On Sunday afternoon last the Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Roman Catholic Bishop of South Australia, performed the ceremony of blessing and laying the foundation- stone of the new Church of St. Paul the Apostle, Penola street. The new building, after the contractor, through a disagreement with the clerk of works (Mr. MacMullen, jun.), gave up the work, was carried on as far as the top of the foundations by day-work, and tenders are now called for its completion. The foundation stone is situated at the north-eastern corner of the nave. It is a large block of grey dolomite, neatly cut, and bears on its face in gola lettering the words " I.H.S.. SANCTTI PAULS APOSTOLE, OEA PEO NOBIS. A.D. MDCCCLXXXIV." At 2.30 p.m. a procession of the Roman Catholic congregation started from the old church in Crouch-street. In the van was an acolyte carrying a processional cross, who was followed by about 200 children (the boys first). The Children of Mary, whom we include in that number, carried in front of them a very pretty blue banner of the Blessed Virgin, bearing the following words in silver—" Maria Immaculate, intercede pro nobis." In the centre of the banner was a beautiful repre sentation of the Virgin. After the children walked the older members of the congregation, the men (about 150 in number) being first, and the women (about 130) following. In the van they carried a crimson banner of elegant design, on which was inscribed the words—'' Sancti Paula Apostolica, ora pro nobis." Above the words was a design consisting of the letter P with a sword through it. This banner is that of the Church of St. Paul. Following the general congregation were the members of the St. Lawrence O'Tool Branch, A.C.B.S., between 40 and 50 in number, in full, regalia. They carried before them the large and handsome banner of the branch. After them were eight acolytes, carrying the floral cross to be placed on the site of the altar, a crosier, and a vessel of holy water ; then the Very Rev. Dean Ryan and Father Kennedy ; and lastly the Bishop, in full canonicals. There were in all about 550 persons in the procession, and as they walked in couples it extended over a distance of about a quarter of a mile. Several hundred spectators filled the footpaths as it traversed Crouch street, Commercial-street, and Penola-street to the site of the new church. On the way, there the children sang, without intermission, the anthem, "Faith of our Fathers." On arrival at the new building the people composing the procession took pqsitions round it, whilst the Bishop, accompanied by the priests arid acolytes, advanced to the site of the future altar and there planted the floral cross, and proceeded with the office prescribed by the Church for such occasions. A dense concourse of spectators united with the members of the congregation, raising the number present to nearly 2,000. After blessing the stone the Bishop with his attendants returned to the site of the altar, where the litany was sang by the choir and children, and several prayers said. They then went back to the foundation stone, which the Bishop laid in the usual manner of the Church. In a jar beneath it was placed a document, of which the following is a copy:— ' "D.O.M. " Hunc primariam lapidem Ecclesise Sancti Pauli Apostoli, Montis Gambierensis, die Nona Martii, Quae fuit II. Quadrigesima, A.D. MDCCCLXXXIV., Reverendissimus limits Dom Christophorus Augustinus, Adelaidensjs Epfsoopys Bqnedixit efc poauit, Anno Sexto Pontificate S.S, D.N. Leonis P.P. XIII., XLVIImo Regni Victorias I., Mag. Britt. Reginse, et ejus Vice-gerente in has Provincia Australia Meridionalis Guil ielmo C. F. Robinson, K.C.M.G. "Assistentibus A.D. Reverendo Michael Ryan in districtu decano, et Reverendo Matthia Kennedy, et magna turma Xti fide lium. "Benedic Domine opera nostra et opus manuum nostrarum Dirige." Underneath were the names of the architect and Church Committee, as follows:—Architect M. MacMullen. Church Committee—John Kennedy, John C. Sutton, John Rowan, John Besley, Thomas Pqnan, jun., William Sutton, Jeremiah Sutton, Frederick H. Daniel, John Hayes, John Newton, Phillip Ryan, Michael Duigan, James Sutton, sen., Michael O'Connor, George Ellis, and William Mac Namara. The following is a translation of the docu ment : " To THE GHEAT AND OMNIPOTENT GOD. "This first stone of the Church, of St. Paul the Apostle at Mount Gambier was solemnly blessed and laid by the Most Rev. Christopher Augustine Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide on this nineth day of March, being the Second Sunday of Lent, in the year of our salvation 1884, being the 6th year of the Pontificate of His Holiness Leo XIII., and the 47th year of the reign of Her Gracious Majesty Vic toria 1., Queen of Great Britain, her vice-regent in this province of South Aus tralia being Sir William C. F. Robinson, K.p.M.G.; the Very Rev. MichaelRyan, dean pf the district, the Rev. Matthias Kennedy, 3,nd a great concourse of the faithful of Christ, assisting. " 'Bless, OLord, all our works, and the work of our hands direct.'" The document was engrossed and a wreath of shamrocks painted round the words by one of the Sisters of Mercy at Mount Gambier. In the jar with it were placed one each of the latest copies of the Border Watch, South eastern Star, and Catfiqlia Monthly, several medals, and a number of coins of the realm, of the latest issue. The jar was secured with a crimson ribbon bearing the seal of the diocese. The .stone having been laid, the Bishop pro nounced the following praper in Latin and English:-"In the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ we place this first stone in the founda tion, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that true faith may flourish here, and the fear of God and brotherly love, and that this place may be destined to prayer and to the invocation and praise of the same Lord Jesus Christ, who, "with the Father and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth God, world without end. Amen." He then sprinkled the top of the stone with holy water, and, pre ceded bv the acolytes and priests, walked round the foundations, and blessed them, sprinkling them with holy water as he walked. On returning to the stone the ceremeny was concluded. The Bishop delivered a sermon on the words -"That it may be a sign among you; and when your children shall ask you to-morrow, saying-What mean these Btones ? You shall answer them-The waters of the Jordan ran off before the ark of the convenant of the Lord, wlien it passed over the same, therefore, were those stones set up for a monument of the children of Israel for ever. That all the people of the earth may learn the most mighty hand of the Lord; that you may also fear the Lord your God for ever." (Josue iv. 6, 7, and-25.) He remarked that when the great law-giver had received his commission from the Almighty with regard to the ark of the covenant passing over the Jordan, He instructed him that he should select twelve stones from the river where the feet, of the priests had stood who carried the ark of the covenant; and He in structed him further to tell the people that these stones were to be set up as a monument, as a testimony, to the children of Israel for ever. And when asked a reason for the stones being placed there they were also instructed to say-"That the ark of the Lord had passed that way, that the hand of the Lord was * mighty, and that they should fear him forever." Such was indeed the type of the action of Holy Church in the solemn ritual of that day. They, indeed, were not unmindful of their indebtedness to God when they set apart a portion of the goods they possessed to erect a place for His name to be invocated and praised. They knew their duty to God, and consequently they were assembled that day on that hill, which for eligibility of situation was not to be surpassed in the South-Eastern Dis trict, and they had set Tip that stone for a testi many. not for man, but for God. It had been said that " they lived in the past," and there was great reason in this assertion. There was an amount of Christian philosophy in it when they referred to the formation of a mission, or the erection of a church, or the establishment of a diocese. Had they in this colony, scarcely yet 50 years old, a history? Yes; a,nd one in which they might feel a laudable pride. The site upon which he stood was passed oyer in 1847 for the first time. The position of this portion of the diocese was indeed isolated, and priests could not visit it from Adelaide. The trackless desert had scarcely been opened up by Sturt when, a very short time afterwards, two, whose names: would be in a foremost place when the annals of this diocese were written, Francis Murphy, Bishop of Adelaide, and Michael Ryan, its first Vicar-General, purposed visiting it. Still when they were desired to come they were anticipated by a humble son of St. Francis in the diocese of Geelong. The isolated position of this place made the Cath olics here dependent more on the sister colony than this one. Digressing somewhat he mentioned that one who, he regretted, was not with them that day,- but whose spirit, he hoped, was amongst them, the late owner of this site, lent the money necessary to commence the cause until such time as the congregation could pay it. He did not'live to see this day, but if the spirits of the just were cognizant of, and rejoiced in, things transpiring on the earth the spirit of Anthony Sutton, senior, would rejoice to-day, and they, the inheritors of his privileges and aspirations, had been privileged to set up that stone as a testimony. And when his children and grandchildren might ask the question "What meaneth these stones?" they could answer-" They were set up as a test imony to their faith for ever." But to go back to the history of the church. In 1849 the first priest came from Geelong, for Father Stephens crossed the Border, and at MacPherson's house offered the mass for the first time; and then came to the settle ment of Mount Gambier—and from that spot he could see the roof of the house, the house of the late Andrew Bourke, where he held the first service and administered the sacrament of baptism. Again, another priest of Christ, hearing of the isolation of the flock here, settled at Portland and came to Mount Gambier. He referred to Father Rowe. From here he went to Penola and laid the foundation of the church. The visits were necessarily few and far between." The Vicar-General afterwards crossed the desert just opened up by Sturt, and came in amongst the people ; and what was the scene that met him at Mount Gambier? Father John Rowe paid a second visit, and priests from the sister diocese and the Vicar-General met and under God thought they might be able to raise a temple here. _ Mr. Cunningham gave an allotment just opposite the Court-house, and a slab hut was erected on it, the first in the town. Shortly afterwards a priest was ap pointed to Penola, the largest ana most central portion of the district at that time. He came periodically and ministered to the wants of the people, distributing the bread of life. The congregation was formed and he saw around Kim many of those who then worshipped with him. In 1851 the diggings had almost depopu lated the diocese; still whep the people re turned another priest was appointed m the person of Father Woods, and he set about giv ing a permanency to the church in this dis trict. He erected a church at Penola and dedi cated it to the foster father of our Lord Jesus Christ under the title of St. Joseph. Subse quently he erected the church in Crouch-street, Mount Gambier, the first stone temple erected in the district, which extended to Guichen Bay: and from that day to this nothing had Deen done for the extension of the church in this district until the last twelve months. On his last visit amongst them he re minded them that the time had come when they should set about erecting ft tsmplq'for the living Gqd. Tlic ono" they had cnjcted had outlasted its time and had become unsuitable . to the wants of the people. He told them they should organise for the purpose, and they did so, and the result was the building, the first stone of which they had been setting up that day. They set up the stone as a testimony to their hope, charity, and faitliV' In the solemn ritual they had invocated the name of the Lord JesiVs Christ, "and had reminded the Father thai; although the heaven of heavens Qo\i]d< not contain His power and majesty, yet they knew from Holy Writ that He would accept a house from their hands. It was meet, then, that the trophy of His triumph-the cross -should be placed deep in its foundation; and while they put their records there they also-put the testimony of their faith; for in the name of Christ they laid the first stone in the merits of His sacrifice that true faith might flourish' here and brotherly lbye * and vch'arity." Yes ; and as the walls fose they Would tell their own tale, and when' their children and children's children would ask-" What meaneth these.stones?" they could answer-"T^ej were set up as the father's testimony to (jhrist and Him crucified. It would tell of Catholic faith. The summit of it would be crowned with the cross of Christ, and the spire would also bear that .standard of triumph, and-by it every passerby would know that Jesus Christ was there honored and glorified and worshipped for ever. What meaneth these stones? They are set up as a testimony of their hope. "What then was the Christian's hope? : Eternal life through Christ and Him crucified. How were the merits of that hope brought to their s.qiil{j ? Ji> the gftcrampiits of tjie Church. Not" only was faith in Him! the'substance of things hoped for, but the realization, in this vale of tears, of that hope. In baptism the merits of Christ were applied to the soul, by which the original guilt was blotted out, and they were enrolled as the children of God and heirs with Jesus Christ to the Kingdom of Hejiyen. Ip ypncjer pprch would rise the bap tismal ftintj 'which would'be there a fountain of life springing from the cross of Christ. In yonder porch too would be the tribunal of pen ance, in which the sinner would find the Beth esda of the new law, where the merits of thecross of Christ would be brqught to the penitent soul and it might obtain "the remission of all its sins. The" Bishop would ' come periodically, and in the sacrament of confirmation bestow the gift of. the Holy Ghost upon those who, having been baptised, would have arrived at years" of discretion to discern between good and evil. Periodically the faithful would assemble around the altar and partake of the great sacrifice of the new law, and thereby re ceive strength to overcome the world, the flesh, and the devil. . -Aqd ;they would there be united in, wedlock arid receive help, and cpunsel when they" went out into-the* duties of Hie world. Never in the Church's history did they need'it more than thpy "djd jiqw, when the spirit of licentiousness was abroad in the world; when thepassions of men were so deified as in this Nineteenth Century, called indeed an age of enlightenment-it should be rather called an age of depravity. The holy bond of wedlock, tne image of the unity between Christ arid His Church,' wovjld be celebrated «it that altar. "No legalised adulterer would "enter' there." The Catholic Church had ever stood out for the inviol ability of the marriage tie. She had the same law for all her people, and if they did not hear her in that particular as well as in everything else sh<3 cut them off from her communion. Sh? alone stood out in' this l'9th Century for the sanctity and purity of' wedlock, for when that contract was validly entered into she declared that no man could annul it; " whpin Gpd had joined together let no man put asunder." Here then, that union would be entered into, and the blessing of heaven asked upon it. And when the last dread hour 'came the Church woiild stand by her childreii in the hour of death and after their spirits had gone to their Maker. Had he not said that the stone they had raised was a testimony of their faith for ever, and it was interwoven with every aspiration of the Christian soul. It; would also be an expression of their charity and love to Gqd.' They had set apart a goodly sum for the church that warranted them not to hesitate any longer in setting about its erection. It would be an arduous task, but God being with them who could be against them ? Let them go on then in the work they had so happily begun. The organization they had established among themselves augured well for the future. But while he remembered that he was not unmind ful of the duty that devolved upon them that day of contributing largely for the church. When tljey had done their duty that day they would be able to answer thf enduiry-" What meaneth this stone?" by saying that it was set up by them as a testimony to their God for for ever. It was the beginning of a new era in their history. A new era, for up to this the church had struggled, merely for an ex istence. It had not the wherewithal to carry out the grand ceremonial of their holy religion. There was no room for even a font in the church; but under the blessing of God that would be supplied in the new church, The stone was set up in the name of Jesus Christ, but in accordance with the Apostolic usage j they gaye it a title, the first of its] kind in the j diocese, the invocation of the great Apostle of the Gentiles, St. Paul. Like him, they " knew in whom they believed" and were certain of their reward, and when they had completed their course they too, like him, would be able to say-"Through faith in Christ I have fought the good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith. As to the rest there is laid up for me a crown of justice, which the Lord, the just judge, will render me in that day; and not only to me but to them also that love his coming." Yes; all that was connected with it was full of faith and hope and lo. e; and ere another twelve months passed they would j be enabled to congratulate themselves with jov, for then the work, great as it was, they would have been enabled to achieve through God's blessing. He said to all-" Come ana do your Eart of the work, and it will be brought to a appy completion, and no accident shall occur to nrader it; because the house is to be erected not for man but for God." Little more re mained for him to say than to mention the offertory. If they had much he said to them five abundantly; if but little out of that little e careful to bestow a little. Many had come perhaps to give what, in the world s parlance, "they could afford." What was that ? All they nad was from the hand of God, and it was not what they could afford in the world's sense they should give{ but they should give a larger offering as a testimony to their faith and hope and. charity. He then asked them to come forward and lay their offerings on the stone in the name of God, and from that God who had said that the giving of a cup of cold water to a disciple should not go unrewarded they would receive their reward. Offerings were then received, and for nearly an hour they came in very rapidly. The Very Rev. Dean Ryan commenced with £50, and Father Kennedy with £20, and then followed Mrs. Crowe with £100, Mr. John Sutton with £50, Mr. J. Kennedy (Peweena) with £50, Master Anthony Sutton with £40, Mr. Wm. Sutton with £20, Mrs. Jens with £20, and Mr. Jeremiah Sutton with £20. The other sums varied in amount from £10 10s. to a shilling. At the close The Bishop said-My dear brethren and friends, you know your own power to-day. The offering has been a most consoling one-one that must give additional energy, if Buch were required, to yomv pastors to bring this good work to a completion. Your offertory is indeed a noble one, and will sound your fame in all the other churches of the diocese. It is over £800 now. May God reward you, and may every blessing that flows from Calvary be upon you and upon your children. God bless you. The assemblage then dispersed. 