Musings of a Stringybark Peri patetic* ON THE KALIZOIC HFE. The Kalizoic life is a new invention, new at least in Australia. In the United States the pursuit. 6E the Beautiful has, over and over again, enticed a handful of disciples to found a society or propaganda for the dissemination of their faith, but those associa tions hare always, like persons beloved of the cods, died young. I think the illustrious N. P. Willis once edited a journal or magazine (I forget which) entirely devoted to the philosophic culture of the Sublime and Beautiful. It had a short life. Aspirations after TA KaXov would strike one as more appropriate to the Athenians of the time of Pericles than to the Yankees of our bonansic age. Nothing daunted, however, by the failure of former kalizoic ideas to become incar nate in some visible and permanent form, our neigh bours on the other side of the Murray have lately tried the experiment of founding a School of . the Beautiful Life, so constituted as to combine practical ends with sublime aspirations. This school has little or nothing in common with the Academy, the Garden, the Porch, the j3Esthetic, or the Intense. Neither could a disciple of the great son of Nichomachus detect in its creed any vestige of his ethical toeing. The Kalizoic Society, for such is its barbarous title, u evidently something outside Plato, Aristippus, Epi curus, Oscar Wilde, or 'Maudle,' and yet is some thing with which Ruskin and, Mr. Edward Combes could sympathise It, of course, borrows nothing from the Cynic or the Stoic. Melbourne is a luxurious city, as Athens was, and Aristippus the Cyreniac . would have been quite satisfied, with it as his abode. The philosophy of the Cynosarges, the Tub, or the Porch, would furnish no text for its people kalizoic or kakozoic. In Sydney the necessity for founding a kalizoic society is very possibly as urgent as in Mel bourne, but some of the avowed objects of the Vic torian society have already been put in commission hero. For example, the second object of the Kalizoic . Scciety is ' the planting ,of trees and flowers in promenades, and also in the city, suburbs, byways, highways, and places of public resort, and die laying out of reserves.' That business with' us is the special . function of Mr. Charles Moore ..and Sir Alfred Stephen ; so also is its third object, viz.,' ' the placing of seats in suitable spots, the erection of kiosks for light refreshments and shelter ;'' but, alas ! in respect of these kiosks they* are chiefly conspicuous by their absence, -a result which is probably owing to a chronic difference of opinion as to what constitutes ' light re freshment ' between the Director of Gardens and the Lieutenant-Governor. , The fourth article in the society's synopsis of objects is 'the protection of all. ornamental plants, flowers, trees, and of songbirds and all insec tivorous birds and their, nests.' ;. This also is in commission, Sir Alfred Stephen and Mr. 'Walter Bradley being tie commissioners to execute the office of Lord High .Protector of Gum Trees and ' Gogobras,' but as to ' insectivorous birds ' we are suffering from exactly the same doubts which in South Australia and New, Zealand, as welLas in Victoria, surround the vexed question of sparrows. ( Many, a happy -family in this, country, has been split, into internecine , factions von . the question whether (Sparrows axe issecfeyorous or frugivorous, or both, For my part this question has always seemed to belong peculiarly to the department of the series, and specially to that sense of eyesight from which we ?gain the knowledge of so many particulars ; and herein one may note the immense value of the peripatetic system. Sparrows in,the country may be ?? insectivorous or frugivorous, or both, but in the -town they support themselves principally on the excreta of horses; bo tnat the town sparrow may very well find MmseU outride the sega of the Kalizoic Society, sup posing his proclivities to -be the same in Melbourne as in Sydney ; and the country sparrow on the other hand may be its lawful protege, saving always the right of members of suburban sparrow clubs to bom bard him whenever they can get a safe1 potshot. : As to Bongbirds, about 25 species, native and im ported, are in this colony hedg'ed round by the majes tic protection of an Act of Parliarnent, passed .two or three years ago.: For five years after December, 1891, it is highly penal to .kill or .capture them, and after that time the statute prohibits their destruction or capture from the 1st September to the 28th day jOf .February during each year, i Among the feathered vocalists which enjoy the distinction of being Par liamentary pets, or raot&er;^Wjords'of being 'Bchedjujed , bjro3,»'wiAaUthepriTilege8andimmunit|esthereuutO , appurtenant, are .the gogobra (or laughing: jackass) and the curlew, -KaUzoic people in jthis: colony will not, let us hope, . take - advantage, -of the ; curious blunder in the Actwhich provides a close season for ?songbirds, , and therefore., by necessary inference a season during which they may be ;. slaughtered *fter December, -1886, but will, continue to protect them and all other warblers of the bush, however slightly their guttural or strident . notes may remind us of Philomela or other 'scheduled birds'- imported from the old country. , . ;, ,r - .. : .. Then we come to the fifth kali^-ic.article-ra the , prosecution of wilful destroy ers.pf all. property of which the society acts as custodian.' Sere, again we hav£_ a special director,, guide,, philosopher, and friend in Mr. Fosbery, who does all our 'business iu this linei aRdvWith t^emost exemplary zeal. 'The gradual removal of what is_ objectionable . and offensive to the senses of smell and eight aud in Jarious to-heaith' is ihe subject of the society's I seventh artide. It must be a treinendons business, I I should think, in Melbourne. I am sure it would be in Sydney. The Inspector of Nnisanees, or as he is/now more enphemiatieaUy styled, the Sanitary .inspector, Mr. Richard Seymour, administers the law ?with us whenever there happens to be a law applicable to. a very bad emeu, but nobody is in vested with the power of protecting our eyes from offensive objects, or, if there be fiuch an official, lie is very lax in tie performance of bis duties. Otherwise the advertising nuisance on Government tramcars and in Government railway carriages, on street-hoardings, and on every Available wall, rock, or tree, would long ago have been abated. There is plenty of work for a kaliaoic society here in the suppression of this modern abomination, for city and suburbs, nay even the cliffs along the coast, are every where plastered over with the most loathsome speci mens of the Srobdignagian advertising art. They tell me that a short time ago it wsb a sickening task to walk to the Katoomba Falls from the . station, and I can well believe it. In Kalizoic Athens, in its golden prime, what would have been the fate of ambitious tradesmen who should, have branded their names in letters 20 feet high, and visible as far as the Piraeus ? Why they would have been hauled up to the Areopagus, long before the paint had dried, on a charge of blasphemy and vreligion, and would have been sentenced to death by drinking poiEon. ... In New South Wales (shame on us that it is so) there appears to be no law against advertising in a manner calculated to provoke a breach of the peace, unless it is also obscene. The consequences of course are well known. People of delicate sensibilities are frequently seized with spasms or fits. Ladies become hysterical, and strong men sometimes become deliri ous. 3Jr. Manning will tell any curious inquirer how rapidly the number of inmates in his asylums whose insanity is direetlyiraceable to gigantic pictorial adver tisements, has been increasing during the last ten years. And yet there is absolutely no legal remedy against these flagitious puffers, notwithstanding the vaunted completeness of our new criminal code. Worse than that, the Master in Lunacy finds himself unable to compel them to contribute towards the maintenance of the unhappy people whom their demoniacal daubs have robbed of reason. If we 'ever Have a kalizoic society in Sydney, I feel BUre that, in respect of tram car and railway advertisements, it will be a Vigilance Committee to the Commissioner for Railways, in terrible earnest. The Kalizoics won't care a 6traw about his being a corporation sole, but they 'will lynch that corporation — nothing surer — unless he obliterates every one of those accursed frescoes within 48 hours. Moreover, they will treat each of his perpetual succes eorsin the same way. And they will do right, for what can be a greater impediment to the kalizoic life than for the Government to make a trade in these magnified horrors and to exhibit them inside and outside every tram and railway carriage and on every available inch of space at every railway station in the colony ? But to return to this seventh article. Everyone knows that what Mr. Seymour is to bad smells that Mr. Burton Bradley is to bad health. Whatever is malodorous is' under the former, at least in Sydney ; ?whatever is insanitary {if there is such a word) is under the latter. Both are devoured by intense zeal in a holy crusade against all forms of ' matter in the wrong place ;*' but the zeal of the official is necessa rily only civic, while that of the unattached missionary of health is distinctly national. The'Sth, 3th, and 10th articles of the society are just as practical as those we have been considering. They are-^'The purification of the back slums, the; removal of all dwellings unfit for habitation, the pro-; motion of cleanliness to. the backyards:' 'The en couragement of window cottage or front gardening ;*'? ' The mitigation of the dust nuisance/' Some of these, 'homely1 but very necessary objects are obviously, civic or municipal duties^ and as such we have for long been in the habit of treating them. The recent jaids of Mr. Seymour and the Mayor on the city Blums testify to their beneficent zeal in one direction, -while the City Improvement Board struggle on manfully in its all but hopeless task of administering an unworkable statute. But the number of filthy back Jards is still legion, and the dwellings unfit for human abitation which the board has yet to remove, if it can, fill one with despair. In this colony the possibility of leading a. kalizoic life would be much nearer fruition if all the brick edifices reared by that singular SroeonsulLacnlanMacquanefrom St. James's Church own to the Central Police office could be demolished, and the brick be used up for cloacine or other suitable purposes. The Governor Macquarie style of archi tecture may not be objectionable, indeed, on ordinary sanitary grounds, but the mental depression which the daily contemplation of such a building as the church just mentioned, or, say, the Immigration iDepot at the top of King- street, or the Supreme Court, or the High school opposite, produces among the Queen's Australian subjects must unquestionably; operate as a powerful predisposing agent in conection with certain recondite disorders' of the nervous ?' system.' ? ' ''? .??? ? ? ? ? . ',. I might, but must 'not, muse away for another column about; the remaining articles of the Kalizoip Club. They are, without separating the practical fron titie speculative or theoretical. *' The encouragemeni and cultivation of the Beautiful,'' 'The prevention o: the pollution of oar -streams; and reservoirs.' 'Tin application wherever practicable of the laws ol sanitation (can there be Buch a word?) and the true principles of constructive art to Domestic Architec ture';'' r'The promulgation of the objects of the ' society among pupils of all thaschoolsi the inculcation : of a feeling of reverence, and sympathy for th- \- beautiful, so .as to induce the young to become thi ? (natural guardians of jvhatever is intended for th( public enjoyment ;' ' To invite the active coroperatioi of kindred societies;' 'To enlist the sympathies o the professional and general public in improving thi appearance of our city and its suburbs, by the creatioi of an artistic taste, and by constituting every citizen a custodian of our gardens, trees, and birds.' ?? ; ' What a charming gout-subduing creed ! And in it realisation what prospects of infinite aesthetic beatU tudes, civic, municipal, and national* Reader, are yoi ready to lead a kalizoic Itte, to oultivatethebeauttfu ?even as Hans Breitmann did. If so' there is no. tim- ' ttfbe loBt. And, although some of the Victoria! ?kalicoic articles might not be consuming necessitie -' for: up, do you notknqwthat we have some indigenou 1 Articles of our own, suffering to be embodied ini kalizoic creed. Consider the character of railwa; ; station refreshments ; contemplate for a moment thi ' hideous coaKboxes at the ends of the Circula ? -luav jetties; listen to €ae steam whistles in the harbour; think of the Post Office carvr ings; cast -your eye down a ^terrace' . o ?speculatively built'' houses, with ;their iawdrj iron verandahs ; ponder over the monuments inou ? cemeteries, the broken columns and the impossibly urns and other memorial horrors— then tell to -whether you do not better nnderstand the state of Richard's mind when the ninth ghost vanishes and the horrified king, starting up from his dream, exr claims '?— Give me another toree— bind op my wounds ;— Bare mercy Jeen. Would that our honors -were only in Dreamland like his nine ghosts I 