It is satisfactory to learn that the Queensland Government ia at last en forcing the law against the kidnappers of the Pacific. Mr. Griffith began by angrily denying the truth of young Mr. Morrison's communications to The A<je. He is now going to hang two men and to imprison seven others for terms of from two years to ten for doing the pre cise things which Mr. Morrison de scribed — seizing the natives by violence or shooting them. The sentences are sufficiently severe, bat it mast be re membered that the M'Murdo prosecu tion, instituted by Sir William des Vceux, was intended to act as a warning to per sons concerned in cho labor traffic, and mat the pardon granted to M'Murdo woe chiefly a recognition of his humane and sagacious treatment of a ship wrecked crew. In the present instance there have been no extenuating circum stances, and all that can be said is that the officers and Government ageuts of tho Hopeful and the Ethel have done no worse than was constantly done with impunity three or four years ago. Of course there is a i- eprieve Committee in Hrisbane, who, it is said, intend to tele graph to Lord Derby, and ask that the two men, a second mnto and a boat swain, who shot colored men in the water because they were try ing to swim for their liberties, may be respited till their erae has been further considered. It is sincerely to be hoped that Lord Derby will not interpose. A single example, showing that the wanton murder of a colored man is punishod like tho wanton murder of a white man, will very soon stamp out the lawlessness of tho South Sea labor traffic. Anything short of death will give the idea that crimes against a weak race are more tolerable than crimes against Europeans, and the next Conservative .Ministry that gets 2 u to office will be sura to release the in teresting miscreants. The Queensland judiciarv and Government are doing their part admirably, and it is not for England to interfere, as it would never think of doing iu the case of an ordinar? murder, tt has taken a good deal of public opinion in Victoria and England to rouse public opinion in Queensland to its present satisfactory height. The responsibility will be a heavy one if any man interposes to re store tho old state of things. We publish in another part of our columns, an interesting correspondence between Mr. I affray, of .Melbourne, who is largely interested in tho Queensland sugar industry, and Mr. Griffith, on the part of tho Queensland Government, with respect to the obstacles interposed to the importation of coolie industry. On the personal matter at issue between these two gentlemen, it is only necessary to observe that Mr. Jeffrey, by Mr. Griffith's admission, has acted with per fect honor ; uud that Mr. Jeffrey's letters are very ably argued, and very temper ately expressed. His contentions are that it is impossible for the sugar pro ducers of Queensland to struggle against the protected beetroot sugar of France, or the cheap sugar of China, unless they are assisted to a cheap supply of labor, the more so as the last season iu Queensland has been so dry as very much to affect tho yield. Mr. Jeff rey also points out that the Queens land sugar industry incidentally em ploys a great deal of white labor, which will ceasa to find a market if tho mills arc closed : and lie contends that even if it is physically possible for whites to labor in tho sugar fields it. is economically, impossible. 'Jhey will not do tho same work for the same wage as colore .! men. Wo may dismiss the mat ter of t-,0 Queensland climate altogether from our consideration, it it is not good enough for sugar to be grown on eoual ermswith other countries, there would seem 110 help but that the sugar industry j must die out, unless it is stimulated by ' very large bounties, which Mr. -1 affray, as a free-trader, would not desire. So again with France. Mr. Griffith is not responsible for the action of the French Government in helping the manufac turers of bootroot sugar to sell it below cost prico to foreign countrios ; and Mr. Jeffrey, it is noticcablo, tries hard to convince himself that beet root aiiuar is not likely to become a permanent danger. It ou'y comes into competition just now bocauso there lias been over production and a glut in the market. Eliminating those two causes then, what Mr. Jeffrey app.-ars to ask is that the Queensland planter should bo allowed to supply himself with cheap i colored labor in order that he may com pete with Chinese cheap labor. It is tho old problom, that the inferior race, with hardly any wants, th it can live on a dime a day," is underselling the superior race that requires decent homos and clothing, and — which is really the capital point — which can make more money by other forms of work. V\"o know the answer an Eng lish free-trader would give to Mr. Jeffrey. ITe would point out that the sugar industry in Queensland was always an artificial one, depending for its existenco on a labor supply which everyone know to bo easily ex haustible : and that tho ordinary price given for a sugar plantation -not ex ceeding, we believe, three years' pur chase — was based on tho assumption that the purchaser must get back his capital, with interest, in a short torm of years. Tho time having now couie whoa it seems demonstrable that Chinoso or coolie labor at homo can beat tho ordinary conditions of pro duction iu Queensland, the sugar planter, by all the doctrines of .bastiat is bound to acquiesce cheer fully in a state of thiugs which appre ciably cheapens sugar to the producer. No doubt, on the principles of free-trade, Mr. Jeffrey would be allowed to import coolie or Chinese labor if lie wished for it ; but we do not think an economist of any school would let him bring it in under such conditions as would leave the laborer a chargo upon tho white com munity. What Mr. J offray really wants is that the Indian Government should ! relax regulations which nro intended to protect the colored laborer, and the Queensland Government change a system which is designed to protect tho whito man. liven if this were done, what would be the eud ? Unless tlio imported laborers aro treated as slaves, they will always want IriQier wages than are paid in India or China or Borneo, and the competition against naturally better favored countries will break down five years hence, aa it is breaking down uow. There is of course one possible remedy for tlia state of things Mr. Jeffrey laments. If a tariffs union with Queensland wore negotiated, it might be worth this colony's while to protect Queensland sugar by a differential duty, getting in exchange some protection for Vic torian manufactures. The problem would thou solve itself. Tho Queens land sugar planter could afford to pay higher wages for labor, and would be able to employ whites. This would re move the whole difficulty, and the sugar planters would 110 longer find their in terests at stake at every election. Mr. Jeffrey himself must surely under stand that if one class of employers are allowed to import under-paid laborers, under covenants which cannot be set aside, every class will soon be claiming the same privilege. That Queensland should not come to consist of a small governing easto of whites and a large colored population is matter of national, existence to tho peoplo of Queensland, and we may almost say to the people of this continent. The charge really to be j brought against tho Government of Queensland is, not that Mr. Griffith is ' now discouraging Asiutic immigration. I but that, his predecessors ever allowed the Kanaka labor traffic to assume ! gigantic proportions. , j To those timid Catholics, if there be any, who have been frightened by the ! fury and fierceness of Protostant osseve- j ration into the belief that Catholicism is rapidly taking it3 place in tho cata- ! lo_.ua of creeds outworn, and that the | Catholic priesthood has lowered its pra- tensions to be considered tho centre of 1 spiritual activity and divine illnmina- tion on the planet, tho following extract from a sermon recently delivered by the lloinish Bishop of Wellington should J supply fresh grounds of assurance and hopo : — Tho slory of tha Catholic priest is that his priesthood is a participation iu the priesthood of Christ; nay, he is, so to speak, another Christ. Sacrrdasnlter Ohristus. Go to liim, as of old the envoys ot the eynaeoguo went, to John the Baptist in the deBert, and ask him who he is. " Art thou a prophet \Y by should I be a prophet We have no more ne-d oi oracles. " Art thou Klias?" Why should I ho Blins? Bis hour is not yot come. He awaits tho extreme catastrophe of tho world. "Who art thou? Art thou the Christ Ah ! there is tho grand and sovereign question. Hearing it, John the Baptist confessed and did not retract, and again ho confessed that ho was not the Christ, Tho Catholic priest, on the contrary, confesses and does not retract, and again he confesses that ho is the '"hrist. See, bo says, what I do. A child is born in sin ; I say to him, "I baptiso thee," and ho tiros to grace. Again, be needs life and strength, and 1 say to him "Beceivo the Holy Ghost," and tho Dirino l'aracleto_ takes possession of tho soul. A sinner cornea with death in his heart and his arms in chains, and I say to him, " 1 abeolro thee from thy sins," and bo returns joyous and free. Christ borrows me r.s a firing veil under which He conceals His glory, in order to exercise Hie perpetual priesthood. He is in me, He pene trates mo : verily, I say to you, and I do not deny, but I repeat with conviction and prido : Sut 11 t<\i> Christ a.< — 1 " 1 am the Christ." This ia simply a bold and naked repub lication of the doctrines of tho (Lurch of Home, it is true ; but the point for remark is that it should be made in the hearing of a Protestant community, at the close of the nineteenth century, and without tho infirmity of a doubt or a reservation to prepare minds that are unaccustomed to have the mysteries of tho fdth uncovered before them. It does not do to be too critical or inquisitive about debatable matters of conscience ; but it would be interesting t.o know, if it were possible, whether the doctrines are really held by any con siderable number of thapeoplaoutsidetho charmed circle of the pulpit, or, in other words, whether tho laity think of the priests as the priests seem to think of themselves, tiuch knowledge is con- iesaediy difficult to attain to ; but, on I the other hand, we imagine a | fairly accurate notion may be arrived ) at by studying the experience of those dispassionate observers of their species ; who, being neither Catholic nor 1 rotes- ; tant nor of any denomination in par- : ticular, merely regard the institutions of society as objects for philosophical ex amination and research. The late Nassau Senior had preeminently qualifi cations of this kind. He was a keen observer, a travelled publicist, and ho looked upon his fellow men with the eye of a vivisectionist fqeklng to probe the arcana of life and enlarge tho materials of his science. I I is fascinating volumes of Conversations with distinguished men of his day ere full of just such critical opinions and social judgments as we are looking for ; but one or two of them will be sufficient for our purpose. " There is less Christianity " in Itomo than iu any other part of tho " world. 1 was intimate somo yoars " ago with a priest who had a fine voice " and splendid talc Ah. Hb life wa3 " as disorderly as possible, and he was " utterly scepticak lie used to break- " fast before mass, au impioty worse " than sacrilege. He was only aspoei- " mou of his class. Few of them are " believers ; fewer still arc moral." This experience is confirmed iu a conversa tion with a lady whom he refers to as Madame T. " No one," she said, " who " has not lived as I have among a "Catholic population .knows what "Catholicism is. No one bore ever " thinks of God. Tho higher classes " have no religion ; the lower only " worship the Madonna. The moat dis- " solute members of society are the " priests, and the scene of t.heir soduc- " tions is the confessional, ft is there " they familiarise the minds of young " women with vice." This was written in 1K51, when Italy was the Papacy, and tho priest gave the tono to politics qnd society ; and if it wis true then, it is unnecessary to point out the reasons why it can be repeated with a stili widor application to the present epoch, when Liberalism has unlocked the dungeons of tlie Inquisition for over, and per mitted Hypocrisy to lay aside its mask. We may be sure that tho temptations have not diminished, that the Pompilins of Browning's poem are as fair and as frail as ever, and that an all consoling Sapotiaechi is not far off to succor them: — A priest ! what else should tho consoler bo ? With goodly shoulder blades and proper log, And locks that clustered to the tonsnro, quite Apnllos tnrue i Apollo. Trice, the hero of tha Ring nnd the /Jouf.- is an Italian canon, whils the English priest is less of the Apollo mainly because he is an Irishman, and because after the establishment of May- uootii College the Irish priest became a very different sort of person from the accomplished and cultured gentlemen that St. Omers scut back to Ire land. But is the English or Irish priest more the Christ dike character of the Bishop of Wellington's sermon for all that ! Hear what Samuel Carter Hall says of liim in his entertaining retrospect of A Lomj Lite: — "He is " generally of a low grade and seldom " of gentle birth ; consequently he is " rarely met with in the houses of even " the Catholic gentry, but associates Willi liio mm r»'icfn "Rofnrfl f.llft " Union the parish priest was generally ! " a well informed and frequently an " accomplished gentleman, with plenty of " opportunities of enjoying refined and " intellectual society : from all of which " ho is excluded now by his humble " birth and narrow means." Of course . there are exceptions in every large class. , There are men in tho Catholic tlier- nrchy who would bo ornaments to any Church, and who may be ad mitted to the best dinner tables with perfect safety. What observers like Hall and Senior give i3 tho average estimate of tho average clergyman : and it is against this aver age estimate that wo find ourselves running our heads when they are filled with the resonant dogma of the Christ in e.jo Sum of the Wellington episcopate. The spirit of sacerdotalism is as ram pant in Geneva as at Lome. We were told long ago that Presbyter is only Priest writ large ; but Geneva does not make such open boast of its pretensions, and it would certainly bo laughed at if it did. Any Anglican ciorgyman of any denomination may in secret think as highly of his spiritual endowments as the Bishop of Welling ton, but ho keeps the secret within his own brca3t ; or if ho glorifioe himself in public at all it is only by showing a sovereign contempt for other people and other institutions who come into con flict with him, after tho fashion of a certain Uev. Dr. Lee, vicar of All Saints, Lambeth, who, in a recent notable dis course spoke of the " horrible monster " Henry VIII. and his abominable ' daughter, Eli abeth," declared that " Dutch William had not introduced " civil and religious liberty, but the " tyranny of public opinion and mob " law," and railed at Mr. Gladstone a3 j " a Statesman who was only interested " in clearing out drains and in listening " to his admirers exclaiming, ' What a "'Grand Old Man."' This sort of language is in its way just as offen sive to common sense as that which would havo entitled the gallant Caponsacchi to say of himself " I am Christ but it is harmless because it is heard within the limits of a very small c rcle. Sydney Smith once remarked that the clergymen | of England have no more influence over tho people of England than the i cheesemongers of England ; and j the llev. Dr. Lea's . superfine sneer \- at everybody that does not worship at All Saints, Lambeth, and doa-not take his views of English statesmen from the AU Saints' pulpit, instead of magni- | tying his importance in the scheme of things, will only discredit his office in tlie eyes of most sensible Christians. He will be certainly laughed at in the next 1 street, even if no worse fate awaits him. i What then ! Are we driven to the con- j elusion because the arrogant spirit of : sacerdotalism makes its votaries ridicu- | lous now and then in both hemispheres ; that therefore the priestly office no longer , harmonises with any want of the age f We do not know any better answer that can be given to the question than is given by Charles Kingsley, himself a priest in its truest sense, in a letter to hie friend John Bnllar, of which the fol lowing is an extract : — It 13 a very greet unil prlcoless blessing to the conntry that Borao 10,000 tolerably well brad and necessarily respectable persons should be set np by the law to tell people in some confused way, yet truly, that doing wrong is infinitely li&rmful;, ar.,1 doing ru lit is infinitely l lossod and useful, and that God is (m?re or leas according to each man's scheme) a good God and a living God, and n Go<l wfio watches them, end will by no meane clear the guilty, aud will in some way have mercy on the penitent : and that He has proved this by sending His Son to be made man end die for man, though the reasoning and meaning of this latter fact, like the extent of the former one, they mav not bo able to speak of very rationally and coherently. 