BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO CHRISTIANITY. At the last large meeting held in February, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Adelphi Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Kev. E. G. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. [Referring to the parallels between the persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said :-Take as a prominent instance, the birth stories. I netd not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous concep tion ; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven; the Divas acknowledging his supremacy; the presentation in the temple, when the image of lndra and other gods threw themselves at bis feet; the temptation by Mara -which legends are embellished by the modern writer. I have already : quoted,. under such phrases as " Conceived by the Holy Ghost," ."Born: of the Virgin Maya," "Song of the heavenly host," " Presentation in the Temple and temptation in the wilderness" - none of these is found in the early P&li; texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family nauie was Guuiauia, preached a new doctrine of human suffering, and a new way of deliverance from it. ! There is no thought in, the early Buddhism, of which we read in the P&li; texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god; but iiie man Gautama Buddha Btands aluue in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his decending from heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, with a preternatural light shown over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all embellishments, are certainly added by later hands; and if here we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles we need not be astonished when we reflect how great theinfluence, must be bb I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in early centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bhagavat Gita, theosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the pro ductions of the East, containing many gems of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet and indicating as plainly their origin as do the stories of his life in the Maha Bharata; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the Maha-Bharata to furnish a divine sanc tion to the Bhagavat-Gila. If, then, as there iB the strongest reason to believe, the Christian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of: he Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarkable poem that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also P Several Home and Colonial applications to join the Institute as guinea Subscribers were repeived, and its object being to investigate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible,-a dis cussion ensued in which Mr. Hormuzd 'Rassam, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, an earnest student of the question during 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Professor Rhys Davids, and | others took part. All agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr. Collins' paper. Dr. Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian afld Tartar sculptures, showing the first introduction of the Christian story into those monuments between about the second and tenth centuries, and he pointed out the value of such additional confirmation of Mr. Collins' statements. 