WRESTLING MATCH BETWEEN MILLER AND DINNIE. We extract from the report of the Melbourne Sportsman the following particulars of the wrestling match which took place last Saturday between the two champions, Miller and Dinnie. The terms were the best of three falls Grace Roman and three falls Scotch, £200 and the championship \- * '. Never was an athletic event inaugurated and conducted to a certain point the more eclat than the wrestling match between the two champions, Miller and Dinnie at the Exhibition on Saturday night The fat that the match was to be a bona fide one, for £200 and the championing of the world, served to attract thousands to the building and at 20 minutes past 6, when the doors were opened, they commenced to stream in the organ loft mob but sparsely occupied, but this was owing doubtless in a great measure to the high tariff (163) charged. The gallery, however, held a large number, while the floor of the main building; was thronged with both sexes, all eager to witness the struggle between the two renowned athletes Very soon the men came from their dressing- room and on each mounted the steps to the platform he was greeted with the wildest cheering Never before has been such a scene of excitement in the Exhibition building. Closely scanned, the two presented different parts of muscular development Dinnie seemed firm and solid in every part and very coaBdeot, though perfectly quiet and unassuming, Miller, on the other hand, had a depressed, preoccupied air, very different from that he am only wears m entering upon such contests He was evidently out of condition, too. Some little time before the start he admitted himself that it was too much for a man to wrestle a tough match in Sydney on the thursday, returning by rail on Saturday at 12 o'clock, and wrestle the same evening, particularly with a tough customer like Dame First Bout (Graeco-Roman) -They clasped hands and walked round each other, watching for an opening, Dinnis wary as a panther and moving about with an agility astonishing in one so heavily built Presently there was a break and a grapple, Dinnie getting a book hold and forcing J the Graeco-Roman champion down on all fours. But this was just the position in which Miller was most difficult to deal with. He broke away with a rapid movement, and in his turn forced the other down. Dinnie again displayed more knowledge of the game than people had given him credit for, an ones more he got a strong back hold, this time bringing Millerdjwnob the carpet, but only on one point instead of the two shoal dera and one hip, or two ships and mi shoulder required. Miller then iota back hold and brought Dinnie ' to grass,' but the litter exerted his immense strength, and locking his hands round Miller's neck broke away Miller then got neck hold, and some vigorous wrestling ensued, which ended in his obtaining a swift back hold Drams swayed backwards and forwards for an instant, and then came down flat on his back. " Second Bout (Scotch) After a short rest and annie attention from their friends, the two again faced each other and took hold 1 his consists in the style of what is called the back hold-that is, one of the competitors places his arms above- and below those of his opponent. Iba hold must be taken within 30 seconds of the weather must be done without a hold. Should either break, be may take another hold, but in the same position Unco an opponent ia down any hold may be taken to keep him there for the required 30 seconds Tripping also was allowed. This was the first time Miller had wrestled in the style, and the spectators were curious to see how he shaped Dinnie went to work very confidently, while Miller had some difficulty in locking his handy man the other's great shoulders Binnie made a strong effort, the result of which was that both went on their knees. Rising they took a fresh hold, and some tremendous wrestling took place. Over and over again Dinnie lifted his powerful oppt nent fairly off the ground, but for some minutes without avail. At last he got an extra strong hold and brought Miller down on his side Here some vigorous struggling took place. Miller endeavouring to drag himself to the edge of the carpet for the purpose of dislodging his adversary But Dinnie put forth all his strength, and, with on unusually powerful effort, forced Miller over on the back and kept him there Time, 9 minutes 15 seconds. " The third and fifth bouts were won by Miller, and fourth by Dinnie SVhon the fifth bout was ended Dinnie returned to his chair, and everybody expected Miller to do the same The Australian champion, however, was Boar to rise slowly and with great difficulty to his feet As he stood for an instant thus a horrible look of! intense agony swept over his face, and he was observed to fall forward For a few minutes a feeling of the senior consul rnation prevailed among the spectators and are citing: scene ensued, particularly as it was known that Professor Monnier, the accomplished swordsman (Professor Miller's father), who was seated in the organ loft, has Í tinted. Dr. L. L. Smith, accompanied by several uses gi ntlemon, mounted the stage, and after a few moments pronounced that the professor's ankle was broken, and admitted that he be taken to the hospital. Inconsequencnol , the accident the match ended in a draw. The Tamworth Near says " The announcement flu! 1 H Deerfoot, the long distance champion, would Peters the feat of running 10 miles within the hour brought together about two or three hundred people on Stars j day last 'The ground chosen for the feat why the ¡ Recreate! n Ground, Lower-street and the admission free. At a pm Diorfont made his aDpe France, but looked far from fit to accomplish the self-imposed task. A circle apparently about 100 yards round was pegged out, but no ( information could be had as to the actual circumference of 3 the track. At about 4 30 p m this send off was given MR away out Dcerfo t on his journey ataawingmg joe trot There was no betting on the result, it be mr general , believed that the 10 miles would be fully accomplish. his over such was not the case, for M hfn time was called , only nine miles and a half had been negotiated, though > Dot foot pulled up ' as fresh as a nut " ' Our West Maitland correspondent telegraphs that: as a nomination for the £50 Pigeon Handicap and the new Sheffield Handicap close on Saturday evening next. The Vienna correspondent of the Time! { writes on March 6 " A pamphlet entitled ' Observations j on Spiritualism,' by the Archduke John, has just appears The Archduke, who, it may be remembered, was mainly instrumental in unmasking Bastian, says that this modern * superstition numbers millions of adherents including many ¿ in his own country, and is cherished not only in the huts of j peasants, but even the palaces of the great Ho River a most interesting account of his own spiritualistic experiences i. Baron H.llonbacb,ono of the most ardent enthusiasts among the spiritualists, had recommended It listen to his imports' j Highness the story of the unmasking of Bastian as men , related in an amusing fashion to a question of the wow J Prince what by the night of the affair, he replied What in thought it an imposture ' I never doubted that, was a Crown Prince's reply , but that innocence hat aT , g proved to be an imposture, as so many people believe in i by then a scheme for unmasking Bastian was devised in " An hduke represented to the Crown Prince that -jo Miss thing was to lull the performer into country, and "T, make his. act with less caution, and he afterwards tagM of the plan of suddenly locking the door behind the medium s and apparitions A locksmith made the necessary mwW | ism. and the ghost, as I related at the une wa says I The Archduke sharply attacks Baron Hattenbach. w p divides men into believers unbelievers, and fernery W S judged persons, and reminds the Baron of his AFTER S ¿e public, and of the moral obligation tariff s him to acquire a thorough knowledge of the wicket. H in order not to mislead his fellow creatures, in 