OUT OF EDEN. A NOVEL. By DOEA EUSSELL, Author of" The Vicar's Governess," "Footprints the Snow," " Crcesus's Widow," &c.; . Chapter II.—The New Agent. (Continued,)] " There will be many things to see after, to look into," proceeded Lady Blunt, "Mr. Chester, my old friend, has passed away in the prime of life, when he might reasonably nave reckoned on many years of life, but for the fatal disorder that must have attacked hiB over-wrought brain, and in a moment im pelled him to—to the miserable end," " It is a terrible thing," said Robert. "And his affairs—our affaiis," continued Lady Blunt, " must necessarily be entangled —he was not himself of late—and I wish some one on whom I can thoroughly depend to arrange all this. You knew him well, did you not, Mr. Fletcher ?"' " Yes, very vsell," answered Robert sadly. "And his daughters~hi3 fatherless and motherless girls—you know them well, too, Mr. Fletcher, you have an interest in them ?" "A deep, a most sincere interest," said Robert, and in a moment the brown, lower part of hi3 face, and the white upper part, which his cap protected from the sun, and between which there was a distinct line of color; in a moment a crimson flush passed over the white forehead and the brown cheeks, and Lady Blunt saw this and drew her own conclusions. " I can trust you, I am sure," she said. "Will you accept the appointment, Mr. Fletcher? Poor Mr. Chester had a salary of seven hundred a year, I offer the same; and by-and-bye the house—to you." "I thank you, Lady Blunt," said Robert after a moment's thought. "Yes, I accept the position; the house I do not need—our cottage by the lake side will do very well." " For the present," said Lady Blunt, with something stealing over her face that she intended for a smile. But it was but a wan and wintry smile at best. " For the present," she repeated; "but by-and-bye you will want a larger house—you will marry." " There is plenty of time for that," said Robert with a smile also, and again the crimson glow dyed his face and brow. And so the affair was settled. Robert Fletcher was to take the place so suddenly vacated by Mr. Chester, and as he left the room Lady Blunt felt that her dead friend's memory was safe in his hands. " He loves this girl," she thought, " please God he will marry her, and one of them at least will he well provided for." And Robert Fletcher was also thinking of Florence Chester, as he left Weirmere Hall. It was a beautiful night now, starlit, with a half moon shining down on the green hills and dales, and on the broad placid waters of Weirmere. And as he went on Robert Fletcher looked up at the luminous sky with a strange solemn feeling of awe and thankful ness. He could take this poor grief-stricken child now and shelter her on his breast, he was thinking. The salary Lady Blunt had offered him, and his own small fortune, made this possible without disturbing Mary in her home.' And but for Mary's sake Robert would have already asked Florence Chester to be his wife. But now, now, he thought—and again he looked up at the wondrous sight which dwarfs all others to the thoughtful star-gazer, filling us with so deep a sense of our own smallness and a knowledge of a greatness that we cannot see. And in the young man's heart human love grew tenderer as he walked on beneath the starlit sky. This was true love, made deeper and more overpowering by the unbappy cir cumstances that surround its object. When she had been with her father in hor happy home, Robert had held aloof. Row fatherless, perhaps homeless (tor Lady Blunt had not confided her intentions to Robert regarding her old friend's dughters now—he could at least offer her shelter and love. And led by the passionate emotion of his heart,; Robert turned almost unconsciously from the path by the lake that led to his home, and went up the valley of Weirmere, at the head of which stood Westwood House. He knew not why be went. He did not hope to see her, or even to hear of her, but she was there. This was enough, and pre sently he stood where he could see through the dark trees the lighted windows of the house, and pictured to himself the weeping daughters, and the dead father lying there ia his solemn state. But suddenly Robert's half-sad, half-tender thoughts were strangely interrupted. Along the path, out of the semi-darkness, something rushed by him so swiftly it might have been an arrow shot from a bow. And as this flying creature passed Robert it uttered some thing between a 3hriekcf terror and an ex clamation. " What is the matter ? Who is it?" cried Robert, turning sharply round, As Robert spoke the crouching, terrified figure that had just passed him stopped. "Fletcher! is that you?" it asked, still in accents of terror. Then Robert thought he recognised the voice. " What is the matter?" he asked again, and he advanced a few steps; advanced until he came up to Mr. Thirl well, the doctor's assis tant, who certainly was standing erect by this time, but who was white, and actually trembling with fear. •'Has anything happened?" said Robert, laying bis hands on the young man's shaking arm. " Why, Thirlwell, what is the matter with you?" Then Thirlwell drew out hi3 handkerchief, and wiped his damp brow. "I've—I've had an awful—well—fright," he faltered out. "Come away, Fletcher," and he clutched Robert's arm. "Gome away, man, let us go together, for as sure as I'm alive the old boy there" (and his voice sank into a whisper) "is up out of his coffin, and walking in his grave-clothes in the gardeD." "Rubbish, nonsense," said Robert. " What do you mean ? It's the moonlight on the trees of course." "No, it isn't,"said young Thirlwell posi tively, still wiping his brow. " I ain't afraid —at least, not very—but I won't go near that place again except in broad daylight. Old Humphrey sent me up to look after the girls, you know; and there, sure as fate—when— when I opened the garden gate, there was old Chester. Yes, Fletcher, he's standing there wringing his hands, and I dare not—at least, of course, I dare—but I won't go near the place again for a hundred pounds!" " I will, than," said Robert. " What non sense it is, Thirlwell." And Robert turned and began walking towards the house, fol lowed at a prudent distance by the still shaking young doctor. When Robert reached the gateway he opened it gently, and as he stood considering what was best to do something white truly stirred and passed up a retired walk in the garden, and Robert caught a glimpse of this white figure through the bowery branches of the trees. He moved to another point where he could have a better view of this walk, and his heart throbbed violently as he did so. From this point he saw the white robed figure in the moonlight quite plainly. It moved up and down, and wrung its hands, A feeling of awe and dread crept over Robert, yet he looked at it steadily. Again the figure moved, and now Robert saw it was a woman, saw it was Florence Chester—and yet stood still, afraid to intrude on this silent terrible grief. Up and down the walk, up and down she went, wringing her hands, and yet she made no moan. Robert could see from where he stood her white face, and the strange, wild gleam in her eyes. She looked almost mad, wrapped in a white dressing-gown, and with her long hair disordered and unbound. At last Robert could bear it no longer. He made a step forward, and spoke to her by her name. "Miss Florence," he said, "excuse me— forgive me speaking to you—but—but I can not bear to see your grief." She started when she first heard his voice, and then, as he went near to her, she spoke, looking at him with the same piteous, wild look in her eyes. "You have heard, then?" she said. "You know he is dead—Lady Blunt killed him." "Ob, no, no, dear Florence, no," said Robert, and he took her cold hand. " Yes, but it is so," answered the girl eagerly, " he was well and happy last night, and she sent for him, and when he came back he had death in bis face. I heard him all the night wandering up and down—and then I fell asleep, and in the morning—it woke me! it woke me !" And the unfortunate girl gave a cry and wrung her hands in her overpower ing grief. In vain Robert tried to comfort her. Over and over she told the samesad story. The noise of the fatal shot had roused her from her restless sleep, and she had gone into his room and found her dying father. " He never spoke a word," she said, "only looked and looked—and then he died—and that bad and wicked woman killed him." She repeated this again and again. " Lady Blunt killed him," and Robert found it was useless to argue with her on the subject. He tried to get her into the house, and while he was doiDg this young Thirlwell, the doctor's assistant, who had crept after Robert with trembling steps, and stood shaking at the garden-gate, having now reassured himself that it was not Mr. Chester's ghost that was in the garden talking to Robert, but his daughter appeared on thesccne and advanced, assuming a professional attitude. "We can't have this, Miss Florence," he said. "We really can't. The doc-'or sent ike up to tec- aftfr you ; what would ho say if he heard you were out waudorinn in the moonlight ? You really must go in." Florence made no reply, but she went into the house, and the young doctor laid a de taining hand on Robert Fletcher's arm. "I say, Fletcher," he said, "didn't I get a start, I thought the old boy was up out of his coffin agaiD, and taking a stroll over the familiar scenes. But that girl should have someone with her—someone to control her, for tbere'3 something wrong here," and ho significantly touched his forehead. "She ought to have a lady with her, I suppose jour sister would not come ?" Mr. Thirlwell made this proposition quite coolly, for he had now got over his fright, and he was not bashful, and for a moment Robert felt and looked surprised; then after consider ing for a second he recognised the good sense of Mr. Thirlwell's idea, "I will ask her," he said, "if you will stay here till I come back." "Well, you're cool—an ice is nothing to you," replied Thirlwell, who did not yet quite relish the idea of remaining at West wood, "But if you're quick—" "I'll he very quick," said Robert, and he hurried away, leaving Mr. Thirlwell still feeling a little nervous. But Robert kept his word, and as quickly a3 he could walk he went down the path by the lake side, and as he neared their cottage he saw Mary standing watching for him in the moonlight. (To be continued.) 