?:?-?? ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ''? ? ' ,: Y,BY THEyGHOBT.) ,. ,-'. ' : . Tho Parliamentary proceedings of the ?week' have been, characterised by an un 'usual' degree of 'quiet. In the Assembly ?fair progress 'has, been .made, several ! measures' hay ing passed, their third ?ead -'ing'and others been advanced 'a stage in ?their onward journey towards the Statute -'iBobkl11 It is now apparent, however,' that ?,two important bills/viz., the Local Option .Bill and the Factories Bill, will 'have to be \- postponed until-next soBSion. 'In regard to the first* of! these, ;it is one 'which no : Governineht-will tackle1 without - a certain lamount:qf..pres8ure,' and the result of the .twqmost.recent contests for Parliamentary hoiiqurs]— ,that of Dr. Beanoy for the ' Central, Province, rand the success of Mr. ? GaunBonat South Melbourne — has to no inconsiderable extent damped the ardour of the teetotal portion of the community. It is therefore quite within the range of possible eventualities that when next the ' i'H6uses; meet' the Licensing Act, Amend 'rnent Bill niay be deemed, 'too important -to be: dealt with at the fag end of Parlia .irient,' and- remitted ' to the consideration of a new Assembly. The election for South .Melbourne has Itaught the publicans that when united' they are indeed 'a power in the land,'' and honourable members have .duly, ; laid . the lesson, inculcated by '?Mr, Munro'B dofeatrto heart. .As for the :Fac to'ries Bill, Mr. Deakin has discovered that th'e radical changes between employer and employed' he is desirou3 of effecting will provoke ' long and serious discussion, and although the Chief Secretary ? has ;an nouriced that the ' Government' is desirous of proceeding with the bill,' it will certainly not be taken 'beyond its second , reading. This bill affords a striking illustration of the. difficulties' experienced by 'the oft quoted old man and his ass. This mythical personage. also endeavoured to' please all his critics, and failed as lamentably as Mr. Deakin has done. Neither, the Shops Com mission ,it. was, framed -to placate, the employee to whom the bill panders, nor the manufacturers called into existence by a protectionist tariff, and who are ; now to be snuffed out1 by a protectionist Ministry, are pleased with the measure. And so the 'sweating' tailor will still continue to perspire; the barmaid have to stand on her 'poor feet'' for sixteen hours at a stretch yet a little longer, arid printer's devils of tondoryears continue to vex the ' souls of editors: during 'the wee sma' ' hours,' at all events until the next session of Parlia ment.: ? '; ' There has. been in the ? Assembly one of those disreputable episodes in its history known as 'a scene.' While Mr. Service ' was upstairs having a little refreshment,' Messrs. Bent, Gaunson, and M'Lellan en gaged in a sort of triangular mud-slinging combat. One ' honourable' gentleman of this 'distinguished trio was accused of having ' lain on the door, mat to get into the Assembly;' .another was bluntly termed a 'blackguard' and a 'skunk.' Hints were thrown out that certain gentle-? men had 'convict 'blood in their veins,' and threats 'of 'wringing noses' were freely indulged in. But nothing dreadful resulted., All the offenders ' retracted,' and half-an-hour afterwards' the hero of the door mat, the skunk, and the gentle man who. was supposed to have relatives ?who ' left their country for their country's good,' were hobnobbing fraternally at Host Gregory's bar ! , . ? The death of Sir William Mitchell, who for the last fourteen years has occupied the ' presidential chair in the Legislative Council, 'interfered materially with the sittings of that aueust body. ' On Tuesday the Upper House adjourned out of respect to the honourable gentleman's memory, and on Wednesday did not meet in order to allow the members of the' Chamber over which Sir William . had so long ruled the opportunity of being present at his funeral. On reassembling , on Thursday the first business was the election of a President: Mr. M'Bain .was unanimously elected to' the' position, a caucus of members having previously settled the matter. ;? The post involves a salary of .£1000, per annum, and a knighthdod' in prospective. Meeting on Friday, the Council passed the Land.Bill, and made good progress with the Railway Bill. ' , ? .The bootmakers of ' Melbourne are on strike, and as the mastorB'havo determined' to resist the Ideinands of ,tho men, and have retaliated by a 'lock out,' the operatives aro on a fair way of testing thetruth or othorwiso of the adage that avers. ' there is nothing like leather;', „ The event would hardly be ,w'orth, chronicling,, uninteresting as it 'iniist ' to to every one . not connected with 'the trade/? did,it,n6.t.- afford a, p^eg on'which to' Hang' the moraliBihg'refleotion that it is strange a body of- men, accus tomed to deal continually with the ' ?un- derstandings ' of ' others shoald ?display, suoh »» -want of '.understanding' 'them-, solves. ; ?-' The': 'quarrel between emplbyers; and employed mayor may 'not be a; very pretty, one as it : stands jbut'it'is 'certainly not one calculated very deeply i to ^ 'stir the' feelings . of v-. the , i great ; jbulk i of ? - colonial humanity.il-. T^e .world. will' probably ? con tinue to .revolve' on' its- axis,, though 'the: price' of 'uppers' 'should be reduced by two-pence halfpenny the pair, and men .continue to possess their souls in peace, though' the strikers refuse to mamifncturio soles on piecework. The fact is that some few secretaries of trade societies, averse perhaps to drawing their pay without doing anything for it,' have started the agitation to give themselves a raison d' etrc. Those gentry entirely disregard— -if they have over heard — tho advice contained in the old saw — NcsiUor ultra crcpidam. ; ; When'the small-pox takes its final' adieu of Victoria it will assuredly not be owing to any exertions on. the. part of. the Central .Board of Health to speed tho departure of the unwelcome guest. It is a notorious facr that dozens of persons who have beep in contact with patients suffering from tho dread disease are mixing without let or' ?hindrance '] among the population. Some few people'in the vicinity of the infected houses are forcibly vaccinated, but the majority leave the neighbourhood before the1 authorities take any. stops to stay the spread of the infectiott, and disporso easfj, west, north, and south. And for. aught Mr. Akehurst, the president of the Board, and 'his colleagues may know to:., the -contrary, there may be dozens of people in 'the ? country . districts who have suffered ririd'nre suffering from the fell complaint for there are scores of medical men pracr tising in .the colony who have never seen a 'case of 'variola, and ' who', might riot therefore recognise the symptoms of the disease unlessit1 assumed a' very virulent form. It will certainly redound more to' our good luck than to our good manage ment if stnall-pox is ' stamped out.' ' ' j ?! i ; In regard to the : Sanatorium for variola patients at) Williainstown some . curious| revelations have been made. '. A telephonic messagO; to the: attendants in i charge :td 'see the three female. patients bathed and disinfected before their release' was taken au pied, de. la leitre, and the ? un fortunate females were coihpplled to strip and perform their ablutions in the presence of the male nurses in charge of the build ing. The- ladies objected,, as a matter of course, to ,tho ! somewhat indelicate pro ceeding, but. had perforce in the. end .to, throw decency to the winds, and appear in the state of. Eve before tho Fall. Now, ' the study of the nude ' may. be quite right and proper from ah artistic or (Bathetic point of view, but Vhen it assumes the form of forcing un fortunate women to submit to the ordeal 'to' which the cut-paw-paw patients were subjected, it is time to draw the line. Could not the overlooking of the bath havei been managed in tho ' easy, quiet, and, accessible manner ' brought into'play by those prying elders we read of in sacred history, who watched Susannah, all un known to ? herself, performing her. 'toi- lette ' in puris naturalibus ? Mr. Berry, who in virtue of his position as Chief Secretary, , is the. custodian of Victorian morality, should, really interest himself in the matter; ... The search ,f oi the sunken rock upon which' the Childers, .under command of Lieutenant Hely-Hutchinson, when on a voyage to Geelong, injured her .propeller, has not resulted in the discovery of any obstacle to free' navigation. And what renders the occurrence all the more mys terious is the fact that at the spot where the |miahap occurred there is a depth of water even at low tide sufficient to ensure the safe passage of the vessel. Various theories are therefore now being advanced to account for the accident. Floating wreckage,' a passing porpoise, or a somno lent whale, are. all in turn credited with haying brought the gunboat to grief. Probably the real cause of the disaster will always remain ' a mystery. There is an accident to tho ankle of human beings known to surgeons as ' Potts's fracture,' doubtless owing to a ' son of Esculapius, rejoicing in the aforesaid cognomen, hav ing been in some way connected with ? its treatment or diagnosis. Now, as Mr. John Woods, M.L.A., was: on board when the propeller was. brokeni and gave evidence before the Board appointed to enquire into the matter, might . not the unaccountable fracture in the screw of the Childera be known as Woods's break ? ' Dull times aro being experienced' at the theatres. At the Opera House, ' In tho Banks ' is still ' kept on ' by the management. At the Princess, no change from 'Estrella ' is announced, and at the Royal- the revived ' Professor ' seems to remind us of the loss of poor Fred. Mar shall, with whom the title role is indelibly associated. At the Bijou, Miss De Grey's Comedy Company is essaying Shakspeare, ' As you Like it ' being selected as the piece for.representation. : :,. ?' ?' . ?? . Nov.'20. .,;,; , ... , :; 