Cricket Gossip Bt Censor. The practice which prevails in England of giving a benefit match to deserving professional cricketers at the end or towards the close of their career is one which ought to be adopted in the Australian colonies. A professional in England knows that, if his behaviour in the field is good and his demeanour generally respectful, he can look forward to a benefit match which will redise £300 or £400, and often as much as £700 or £800. The more popular ani the belter behaved he is the more substantial will be the benefit. Several instances have occurred where benefit matches have been given in the colonies ; but the custom has not been generally adopted by our cricketers. A movement has been set on foot by a few' of our priminent cricketers to tender to Ned Gregory, the custodian of the Association- Cricket urouna, a Denent in recognition or nis nonouraoie conaoci as a cricketer and the signal services he has rendered to the colony in a long series of intercolonial and international matches. The benefit will take the shape of a match between eleven old intercolonial players and the best eleven that can be chosen from the junior clubs competing for the Stedman Cup. In order to make the proposed benefit ia eveiy way a substantial one, the trustees of the Association Cricket Ground have in the most generous manner con sented to giant the use of the Association Ground for the puipote, free of charge, for a two days' match, to be played on April 25 end 26. The following are the names from which the Old Intercolonial Eleven will be chosen: J. Coates, W. Campbell (Victoria), S. Cosstick, J. Conway, H. M. Faithfull, E. Gregory, C. Gregory, C. Laurence, A. Park, N.Thomson, J. Tooher, E. Tindal, and R. Fair weather. Mr. F. Ironside has undertaken the task of getting together a first-class junior team, and the match promises to be the most interesting that has been played during the season. The ' colts' contest on Saturday, on the Association Ground, deserved a better attendance, but the great counter attraction at Manly no doubt militated against the match as a source of attraction. The wicket waa a trifle rough, but that did Dot prevent the play from being interesting. The eleven batted moderately well, Turner's exhibition of batting bting the best of his side, A. Gregory's patient 18 being next in point of merit, while Nunn hit out vigorously for 37 making teveral slashing strokes. To be seen at his best Moses must have a perfect wicket, but yet he did not play badly for his runs, and the same remark applies to Hiddleston, who, however, is far from being in robust health just now. Without young Ferris, a left-handed lad, with an easy and graceful delivery, the eleven would have scored more freely than they did, as the bowling at the other end wes not more than second rate. How the selection committee who picked the colts came to overlook a promising player like Hannabus, of Windsor, is one of those emissions that cause rational-minded people to thick that when cricketers ordinarily sensible are put on the selection committee they at once lose their head and do the rnott perverse and unreasonable things. It is the opinion of five out of every six cricketers that Hannabus ought to have been one of the first men selected, as he is an excellent bowler, a good strong bat, and an expert field. Hannabus would have teen 'a caution' on Saturday on the rough wickets, and very difficult to score from. One of the features of Saturday's play was the bowling of S. Jones. He should never bowl otherwise than fast, as it is only then that he is really hard to play. In a failing light he rattled down the stumps of four of the colts by sheer pace, the ball coming from the pitch like lightning. When Jones bowls slow he invariably loses his length and precision. The Hon. Ivo Bligh, in writing about the tour of the English Eleven through Australia, in James' Lillywhite's ' Cricketer's Annual ' for 1884, pays the following tribute as to the fairness of the colonial bowling: — 'Throughout the whole tour not only was there not a single thrower met with, but not even a bowler to whom the slightest suspicion of an unfair action could be imputed. And whence thia result ? Simply because in Australia not only would any one w ho threw be no-balled, but anyone about whose action there could be the slightest doubt. Does not the solution of tbe problem that has been 60 voluminously discussed lie iu tbis excellent example set us by the younger cricketing com munity of Australia ? ' We quote another extract from his very interesting re view of the doings of his men in the colonies : — ' A fact much commented oil by the team during the tour was the very small number of first-class cricketers in Australia frcm whom the fine eleven that represents their full strength has to be selected. It would not be far from the mark to pay that in the course of the whole tour, exclusive of the be&t; eleven, not more than 20 players couldhavebeen pointed out who .were worthy of a place in a first-class English county team. This fact makes the undoubted excellence of that eleven appear almost phenomenal, and we fancy that high standard will be kept up with some difficulty when the places of Spofforth, Murdoch, &c.;, come in the ordinary course of events to require filling up. But though this phenomenally high standard may not be mainlined, the standard of Australian cricket must always be a high one for an all-powerful reason— the Australian cricketer will always pass through the earlier stages of his cricket career withhard wickets to play on, and the advantages arising from that condition are immense. The young batsman will always have every inducement to practise a free and upright style, and the young bowler will have to make use of every wile in his power of twist and change of pace to break through the defence of the batsmen on the easy wickets.' The ' Annual ' may be obtained at Mr. S. Cohen's Sports' Depot, George Street. We have received a letter from a correspondent drawing attention to the omission of J. Davis' name from the eleven who played against the ColtB on Saturday last, and also to the absence of his name from the list from which that eleven was chosen. Our correspondent is very indignant at the injustice which he considers Mr. Davis has been subjected to. and points to that player's performances for both the colony and his club in comparison yith the deeds of some of tboEe who found favour in the eyes of the.selection com mittee. The frequenters of the Association Cricket Ground will be glad to leam that not long ago Mr. C. F. Stratton, who has so ably ministered to their hungry and thirsty desires since the formation of the ground, has again joined the ' noble army of martyrs,' as the married men are facetiously designated ; and it will be the more gratifying to those who take their ladiea to the ground to witness the matches to lcam that Mrs. Twining, the object of his choice, has her self bad long experience as a cateress. All Mr. Stratton's friends will congratulate him on the excellence and wisdom of his choice. The annual inteiprovincial match between the Otago and Canterbury teams was played on Friday and Saturday week at Dunedin, when the contest resulted in a victory for the Otago men by 27 runs. The scores were— Otago, first innings, 104'; second innings, 73. Canterbury, first innings, 44 ; second innings, 106. The victory of Otago was mainly ow ng to the fine bowling of Cooke, who obtained 11 wickets for 79 runs in the two innings. At a meeting of the Victorian Cricketers' Association, held last week in Melbourne, it was decided to present a five-guinea trophy to J. Trinnick for his splendid batting in the intercolonial match against South Australia, and a trophv of similar value to S. Morris for his fine bowling in that match. If ever a match was recklessly thrown awjy, the Croy dors eacrificed their chance of winning their contest with the OBbornes, four of their batsmen running themselves oat when there was not even the ghost of a chance of getting a run. The result of that contest confirms the truth of tha old adage that 'a game's never lost till it's won.' The Croydons had only 66 runs to get in order to win. and though the fiiet man scored 10, when their last wicket fell they had totalled only 29 runs. Mnch interest is manifested in the meeting of the Oriental and Caithona clubs to-day, on the cup wickets, and should the weather be fine there will be the largest attendance ever seen at a janior cap contest. The winners of this contest will bave to meet the Osbornes for the final possession of the trophy. It is rather singular that the Osbornes won the Junior Cup last year, and as they are noted for their deteimination in playing an uphill fame they may, for the second time in succession, carry off the mug. On Thursday next the Conservative team journey up North to play matches against Oakendale (Clarence River) on Friday, Morpeth on Saturday, and East Maitland on Mon day. As the visitors are taking a fairly strong te&ai; they ought to render a good account of themselves. Among the notable achievements with the bat of late were those of J. Rowley, of the Carlton Club. He made 50 on Saturday, March 8th, 59 on the next Saturday, and 127 cn March 22cd. He is to be one of the Sydney team in the piojected Queensland tour during the Easter week. During the Easter week the Oriental Club will make a country tour, having arranged to play matches at Coota mundra on Good Friday, Wallendbeen Easter Saturday, and at Yass on Easter Monday. On Saturday week a match was played at Bathurst be tween, the local team and an eleven from Dennis Island. Tbe visitors went in first, and were disposed of for 69 runs, Bathurst responding with 214. The principal feature of the match was the innings played by S. Webb, who scored 82 not out. So far, the Bathurst club has had a most suc cessful season, having been beaten only twice -once by Goulburn and once by Dennis Island. On Easter Monday a eports meeting will be held at Bathurst to enable the club to improve the ground. The second annual excursion of the members of the Oriental Cricket Club took place on Saturday, the locale of tbe day's enjoyment being at Tennyson. The steamer Telephone conveyed about 400 excursionists from Circular Quay, tbe majority of the party being ladies. There was a capital programme of dancing, the Prince of Wales Band beirg in attendance. An interesting match was playel on the Garrison ground on Moore Park on the 2Sth inst., between an eleven from tho Theatre Royal and a combined Volunteer Fire Brigade eleven. The knights of the sock and buskin went in first and put together 74 runs, H. Bennett and O. Deering being the principal contributors. Jones and Seagrave - also played well. The firemen managed to head their score by 28 'runs. During the day J. C. Williamson and B. N. Jones each made a good catch, while Titheradge and Williamson were conspicuous for their bowling. The Alexandra Club again purpose visiting the Shoal haven district during tbe Easter holidays, when they will play at Nowra, Terrara, Broughton Creek, Jarvis Bay, and Burner, and also a contest against the full strength of the Shoalhaven district at Nowra on Easter Monday. As the visiting clnb has been very successful during the season, they will no doubt render a a good account of them selves during their Southern tour. A rather interesting match was played on the University oval on Wednesday, 26th Ultimo, between teams chosen. from Messrs. Wright, Heaton, and Co., Limited, and Messrs. Harrison, Jones, and Devlin, Limited, which re sulted in a decided victory for the latter team by one innings and 10 runs to spare, due in a great measure to the batting of . R. Jonce, junior, who contributed 31 runs in very free style, his hitting being remarkably clean, and the bowling of G. Angwin, who secured nine wickets for 11 runs. A word of praise is due to Field aud Hartigan, of the losing side, for their bowling, and to H. R. Wilson for fielding. 