SYNOD OF TIlE DIOCESE OF GOULUIIN. W-i:urse.Sra, AnousT 6. Tun first session of the fiflth Synod of this diocese was commenced yesterday. At Cloven o'clock in the morning divino service with tbo holy communion was celebrated in St. Saviour's Cathedral. A large number of the clergy and some of the lay reprsenm tattoives wer pre present. The prayers were read by liev. J. Auhelinlech. Ross, procentor of the cathedral, the lessonna by the ina. Canon Druilt of Cneomia, the nnte.connmmnion servico by tile Bishop, the epistle by the Venerabhle Archdeacon Pownall, and the gospel by Canon Soares. The offertory collection was devoted to to the cxponses of the Synod. The holy iotIunnIion was administered by the Bishop, nassisted by Venerable Archdeacon Pownall, and Canons Scares and Drmitt. Tie synod assembled in the afternoon in the hall of the mechanics' institute. The chair iwas taken by the President, the Lord lishop of (Goalburn. ahcrtly after four o'clock. The lion. C. Campbell, chancellor of the diocese, also too:k his seat. Prayers were read by thie President. The senior archdeacon read tihe list of the clergy; tihe following answer ed t t their names:-Venerablo Archbdencon Pownall 1l.D., Wngga WVagga; Veaor able Archdencon PI'ddicmbo o B.D., Goulburn ; Rlov. Canon Smith MI.A., Canberra; Rlov. Canon Druitt, Cooman; Rlev. Canon Soares, Goulburn "West; lice. Canon Gwynne, Burrowa; Ilev. J. Mi. Ware, Young; liev. A. D. Fanuce, Yass; liov. W. hi. IMartyn, Taralga ; li?v. G. M.. D'Aroy.Irvino M.A., Goulburn, St. Nicholas'; leov. Hugh Dunlop, Binda; R?ev. Julius Scott, Germanton; RIov. J. Ross-Edwards, Tarago; lieu. Auchinlech.Ross, Tirranna; lev. T. Watson, Murrrnmburrafh; Rlev. W. Newth, Bungendore ; R?ev. It. W. II. Chris. tie, Narandera ; lev. James Studds, Juoeen; RIov.E. O. lHancock, Marulan; and Rev. T. Symons, Bodalla. The chancellor of thie diocese read tihe list of lay ropreeOntativRe, nod the following answered to their ames:-- Mesrs. F. I). . 1adgery, Tarago; A. If. Botts, Goulburn; G. Blrooks, Bungoenia; W. Char teris, Taralga; 11. W. Clphlam, Braidwood; C. Coombee, IMarulan ; J. Croppelcr, Tarago ; W. Davis, Tarnlga; I. B. Fitzllardinge, Wagga Wagga; G. Gregory, Guldagai ; F. W. Ilarmer, Temara L; 1i. C. Joplin, Coomna; L. A. W. Mlacarthur, Narandera; iH. T. ,Makin, liay; WV. Maybury, Canberra; A. Iacktollar, Goulburn; 1. Miurt, todalla ; W. O'Neill, Qucauboyann; I. Shepherd, Goulburn, St. Nicholas'; Lr. Sly, Marengo; D. II. Dunlop, Ifarolan; 11. Maddrell, Braidword; C. S. Alexander, Goulburn, St. Nicholas'; Thomas Thorne, Gunning; John Ilutchings, Taralga; 1. E. Jones, Deiiliquin; W. J. Watson, Younge; W. Wilson, Murrnulburrah ; W. T. Wood, MIornya; 11. Wren, Bega; If. J. Rixon, Binda. The Presidrent thou read the following address: Mfy loverend Brethrethren and Brethclreu of the Laity, Wo meet at an unusual season under special circumstances, and are called together at a new epoch in our diocesau history, to consider important questions relating to the wellfre of the diocesu and to the constitution of our cathedral church. For mlore than twenty years we have beeCn working w without much notoniety yet steadily, in constructing our diocesan and parochial machinery. And hithelto 'I have regarded the management of our afallirs as being of a mixed character, partly fixed and parochial, and ptrtly uissionary and variable. Under this impression I have closed my eyes to i,.auh that was apparently irregular--not unwillingly 'hling mione or less laxity to pass unheeded, S cchlise of the peculiar dilliculties of our missionary hbbltdition. But now that the dioceso is to be reduced to more manageable dimensious-by the formation of tbhe now diocese - anid that our beautiful cathodral presents a n e centre, around which 1we may all rally for more systematic work under a Smore realizing sense of our living corporato unity, -the time has arrived for combined action on the part of all the parishes for tho common good anud for greater loyalty to the laws annd regulations of our church. -It is my earnest desire to make the cathedral a centre pf living unity, a model to the dioces0 in all that ierrttins to its spiritual lifo and prosperity, in the increased beauty of our services and the higher standard of our sermons as to their substanco and poawer, so that thie Church of England in the ]ljibelsn may more and more become, by divine aid, Smilghty nitlino for the evangelizing of the people and the building up of the body of Christ in the faith and hope of the Gospel. Cphurchi Society.-Tlhor are parishes which, in past ?efrns,i obtained largo grants from the Diocesan General Fund, and from other sources through the Bishop, as well as from his own inadequato income, to onable them to build theirchurchcs and parsonages n:iidto iaintain their clergy. Some of these ha-eo boon too apt, on becoming financially indoe pendoent, to isolate themselves from their neighbours, to:withdraw fronm the diocesan brotherhood, and to i;tvrithlold their nid from the fund by means of which ::'they siuceeded in organising themselves into a self :i:snupporting position. Will they not now reO the -?liropiiety of maintaining that Common Diocesan -' -Ftnd-to which they were so much indebted ? Most S ihcerelyI trust tht th each clergyman and each parish will make it a point of conscience gratefully to workl :r:bin:behalf'of 'the fond; otherwise the cosoilttes of .: the Church Society will be unahble to continue the dipaymoent of grolts, many of which are long over .1 tuo; to the:le0s wealthy districts. Nothing has o surprised me more than to observae the facile uanner ,: in-which some parishes have persuaded themselves a. taefoiegot their Christian duty, to neglect the General SFundwhon ino longer requiriing assistance from it, .: and to grow carelessof thaweltaroof their struggling brethren in weaker places, which cannot maintain t:.their operations awithout subsidiary grants. It is ,_: imposaiblo for tho.Church Society to mahk grants nout of 'a a Common fund," unless all tile parishes n. ake adequata efforts to custain that fund. In this ma?t :atter the city of Goulburn has nobly done its diuty, -: nohotithstnuding- the hroavy burdens which it has .il stained for so: many years. . Thei. New Dioe'c, thw ;lildoahcet if the ,'i,, andi ,-'Coisreratibu s of .sle. ";islshp.-I desire to lay before S:.tho synod ijnioriation:of -al enucouraging character l?respecting thi now up see of lhiverina. The sum of :ial,16900:has .been seeurd for its endowment, con 'sistiig of the noble gift of £10,000 froam the lion. John .Campbell M.L.O., and grants of £2000 each froiit r Uhe Colonial B3islioprics Council and tihe Glr?stishn Kinovledge Society sand about .11000 from a'r,'itecnilteid interesti upt to the first of May Inst. , sthatt day Dr. Sydiioy Linton was consecrated in SS :?Fiill'CtliCdral by the Archbishop of Canterbury, under royal licenseo from lier.Majesty the Queen, as ?':s"i'shopl fdr the coloriics; and from that day lie will oie'ecsirii lit episopal income from tihe above endow "''a=`s t. 'tOrnhis xapceted arrival in the beginning of next year, nearly hall of the area of tile diocese of ri?d Gonibuai will be transferred to that of liiverina by S.'%egal deitment as arringed by a Determination of the Geenral Synod.. The Bishop was selected for the aseo-y the Arehlbishops of Canterbury and York and the.Biholp.of LoTdosn, anid by them heartily recomi. ,irmiideld'to the sBishop of Goulburn, and was then ;onscerated after: the full approval of the fIor . nominators. Theabovo Endowment Fund has been safely invcsted on insrtgonges ripon freehold recurities by Messrs. I. Campbell, A. S. Chisholn, and G. I.3f-ftir, thd trustees named in the iBon. J. Campbell's di:reclaration of trust, at interest for tile benefit of the Bishliop -of Riverina. Bly the cession of al that portion of the diocese of Goulburu which lies west -of-tho parishes of Temora, Juncs, W\Vg;a W\'gga, Sd ncthaiton, snd Alulry, I shall be relieved of it very fi'go Iut iimportant section of my exhesnsivo chirge, in the welfare of which I have alwiays felt very gra, t and special interest. Mly earoe:t prayer is that the u.i5 hturs:hin the west -may, under this now dovelop. .aninti malko vigorousa trides, andI becotpl a stimulus 4paie og s Oa peferr tofoll thebo dioceses. IIndlmrtelit of the Sec of ' Goulburn.-The fotild ing of the new 'diocese leads nla very naturally to sa?ak of our oio case. The cirdumstances of that oflRivo'rina resemble very closely thoso of our own diocese when I began my work more than twenty o years ago, with thie exception iudeed of o impor tant particular, lhich prseents a contrast greatly in frvour of the former. I was consecrat,d ,I thu25th March 1863, on thlu assuoance tlhat £12,000 had been then subscribed, rt, 'nt, I hfterwards learned, all lhb .mouc?.rnivlluchJad.le.gtog cotlhctetd and paid into theo bank at tie above data for tie o?awonmeotof 'the see ewsa a:ily. £1:,150. 'Ilirough..OGd' pilosgdctrss, this aurn grow in the courso of two. or tiree years to £8300, nod this bhiig "further aiimconted by Eng. lis) cbontribalitius to £10,$00, ftasaqfely invested on mortgages ulpjoi frdch'iodt 'scc1hiitfi?s iat ihitlbiest for .the belefit of the .Bisliop of Godlburn ; and on the 21st of elbrunary 1874 the deeds and securities for the invcstment of the funld wore duly inspected and examined in the presenllce of eacht other by omyself, -tha.Hun. Jathet Chisholm M. L.C., F. It. L. Rlossi, C. E. iNewcoolbe,, and A. I Be tt Esq.'s in the offllice of the last, and all the doculentIi were placed for custody by Mr. letts iuder moy seal in the Comner cial Blnk, Goulburn, during emy ahre ceiun England. Between that date ndthepresent tI ree time til flud ha been further augmented, by fresh contributions and the payment of subscriptions previously promised, to the sumi of .£13,600, which is now securely invested for the endowment of tice sc of Gotlburn, as shown by certilicates and Declaration of Trust. But beaides thie subscriptions to the fund ithire is a farcm of 100 acres at Collector, the gift of the late M:r. ,Jcsellh Bull1; nod the Taradacle property, the gift of Mesars. Jolhn and Ilobeart Caltpbull: and £100 ay'able annually fron tihe Sydney Biishoptlhorp estate (though this annuily has heru due for two years and a ihalli siuce the death of tio late tMetropolitan) ; together witll £50 a year from W. P. Faithfull Esq. P'rovincial Sllnod.--From ao intimation recently received from Sydney, I think it probable that the Provincial Synod of tie church in this colony may be convened for tle- nmoth of October. \We shall therefore bho required to elect clerical and lay representatives- according to regulations in that behalf already made. Genceral Nynod.-Though the time for convoking a General Synod lhas not yet arrived, it may be prudent to elect representative, lthat we may not bhe taken unanwares inl case of any eluergency. I'oaraeuilcsda Mission. - The Mission to thei Aborigines at Waraugesda oil tie MZurrumbidgeo near Darlington, has been steadily advancing under the tov. J. B. Gribble notwithstanding many trials and dificulties, and the funds needed for its support are obtained with very great struggles; but wee are encouraged to persovero by tile promises made by the government that for eacih pound collected for tile mission they will add two ,ounuds for the temposal wants of the mission, while we are to provide for the salary of the Ilev. J. B. Gribble as superintendent. The Mfetropolitac lislhp oqf Hydn,cy.-llaving, in virtue of my position as senior Bilshop in this colony, had the privilege of taking an active part in tile arrangements which led to the most happy selection of Dr. Alfred Barry to be the Lord Bishopl of Sydney, Metropolitan of the Provinoce of New South Wales, and I'rimato in Australia and Tasmania, I feel pro found thankfuluess to God for his appointment. I am persuaded that it will be an incalculable blessing to our church and a great bulwark of our common christianity against the varied assaults of the enemies of revealed religion; and I would re-echo the thoughtsf f one of my flight Reverend Brethren that his position in England in the foremost rank of the clergy, his varied and high scholarship, general and theological, and his direction of it toward the crer-changing attitude of free thought, his compreheosive mind and sound judgment, united with the largest capacity for prac tical work, invest the chair of our metropolitan with peculiar lustro. Jieliiieu.; 1o4 r, Ilion in .?bltie .School;. - Coo curving most heartily in tho desire expressed by the matropolitan and leading representative men of several denominations, that all the provisions of the Public Instruction Act for the "general religious instruction" of the young according to its soveutlt clause, and in the case of our own children for their systematic teaching in the doctrines of our holy re ligion, and the tenets of our own church according to its scventeeuth clause, may be fully carried into eflect, I would publicly express my sympathy with the movement, and wish it God speed. We canrot expect, nor do we now asi, the government to do anything in contravention of the law, but we do de. manud that all the privileges granted under the act nay he allowed to us, so that the rising gnmeratino may, through the agency of lthe public school itself, be brought up in tiu fear of God, and b)y tie know ledge of His laws be led to obey His comaundments, tile special distinctive instruction being left to the voluntary agency of the church, and of othcers who may lie authorised and willing to convey it. St. Sariour's Caithedrtal Chusrch.-The Constitution of tilhe Cathedral will form an important topic for our consideration, and you will be asked to pass a cathedral ordinance embodying that constitution. The proposition is, that the cathedral shall be governed by a chapter conusisting of the Bishop, Dean, and Canons, in all matters relating to its services and its religious and ecclesiastic arrange. meats; while its financial and temporal affairs shall be managed by a council consisting of tihe above ciapter and a certain number of lay members of tfir church, who shall be elected by the synod of tile diocese. All further details will be contained irs the draft ordinance, which will no doubt be placed in the hands of members without delay. It may be needful to give a concise account of the history and progress of the cathedral, the original idea of which wan seriously euterltained by the gentlemen of Goulhurn before my arrival in the colony. But first of all, I would invite your attention to general principles on tihe enject of tiea cathedrals of the Church of England. The cathedral system is of great antiquity, and the first establishment of cathe dral churches may be traced back to the fourth cen. tury, after lthe conversiou of the Emperor ConstaI. tiun to Christianity. These buildings were called "cathedrae," as the "seats" of the Bishops and Cloray. In England also cathedral churches arc of very ancient date, with establislhmonts consisting of Bishops, Deanus, and Canons, all living together in one catladral city, maintaining and diffusing the principles of Christianity throughout the diocese, of which the cathedral was the mother church. To this class belong all the old cathedral foundations in England. The admirable English parochial system grow up as the result of this diocesan activity, and thus each parish had its own pastor, and each diocese its own'cathedral with its Bishop, Dlan, and Canons. Tie chapter was the. Bishop's council, to be consulted in Cases of difficulty, and to aid him in promoting the public worship of God, add in propa gating the Christian faith. Thoemineout Lord Coke, the very grcatest authority on tqutstionsof law, in forms us that in cathedral cltarches all things " were so ordered as might tendto the jiublic worship of God, which was one of tths. ends of their institution, andti at argument for their usefulness... Prochial churches wore to the cathedrals as the synagogues to the Temple at Jerusalem--being built for those who could not attenoud the. solemn worship of God in tihe Temple. So it was in the Christian Church; every cathedral in its first 'institution wass a the 2l('ple to tthe whole dioceses-awhero tho worship of God was to be performed in the most decent, constant, and solemon manner. For which cud it was necos sary to have such a number of ecclesiastical persons there attoending, as might lie ready for all the ollices of the Christian Chinurch, such as con stanut prayers and hymns, preanhing, celebration of Sacraments and so forth. Upon this ground the institution of cathedral churches among Christians was a very roasonablc.?. fthing." Tihe principlea thus enunciated by Lord Cole (viz., that the cathedral wass as the temple to the whole diocese) is au understood axiom in tho. Church of England, and is clearly stated in all books of autho rity in the following form--"That the Cathedral Church is the Parish Church of the whole diocese." Thus Bishop Gibson in his Codex, a learned com mentary upon the Canous and Laws of the Church of England published in 1713, makes the following statement--" T2he Cathedral Church is the Par'ish ChLrcht of ithe whole dioese; anud it hath been aflinned that if one resort to the Cathedral Church it is a resorting to his Parish Church within tshe untu ral sense oaud meaning of the statute." This deliui tion is uniformly reallirmed in the same language int Dr. Burn'a "Ecclesiastical Law ;" Sir' iobert Philli ?ore's "Laws of t ihe Churc ;" Crippa' "Lawsaof the Church and Clergy," and Dr. Archibald Stephens' "L-aws relating to the Clergy," Re.. nc. A Cathedral Church, as was stated by me Somel years ago at one of oar public maeetings, diflors from a Pari:;h Clurch ill this respect, that whereas Ihc Church to' at Parisoh belongs exclusively to the msembers of the church resident within the limits of that parish, theo CGthed/ral Churc/ah belongs equally to aill members of the Church resident within the limits of the wholeo elince.,e. Its Is,? and advanatags uil nt not there iore be restricted to any one pariah. Neverthelces houigh it is the property of the ,whole dioceso, and it, privihties may bu clahinld by ill Chuirch mein brs within the ditisce', it will of necessity bechielfly ueidl by thlee who reside in its vicinity, and prie ticelly Il under thcir cre, whili it; solemn services will be regulated and conducted by those who reipre p?eu the whole diocese, viz., the Bishop and.Catho dral aathoritics. Flrom this euatement of general principlle; I pro. c tiid tdCio enidir those which ir.elate to St. Saviour's C.thcdral. In the liret place, every tnown which hlt the cathedral or soo of aI bishlop li!conotl thereby entitled to the lhonor of I "city.' In pursutanoo of which ancient plan, IIter, Mjesty the Queen raiced the town of Goulburn to t the rank of a city in Marchl lIt3, by the following documenct :-" l'e do,, by these presents ordain and constitute the town of Goulburn t, be a Bishop's see, and the sent of the Lierd Bishop of Goulburn. ndl cw do ordain that the said town of Goulburn shall henceforth he a city, and he called 'lth city ofi Goulburn.' .1ad wie do hereby further orldain and declare that thel church calced St. Saviour's, in the said city of Goalburn, uhall heneceforth be the calhedral church and ,ce of tlhe said Mlese Thomnas and his successors Bishops of Goulburn. Moreover we will, iand grant by these presents that the said Bishop of Goulburn shll e11 a body corporate, and to ordain, umak, and constitute him to be ta plrpetual corporation, and to h.Lve per petual succession." This buifling was, however, notoriously inadequate to tile rcquirements of the casei, and even before the lappointment and arrival of tile Bishop a premium of £70 was given for a desigu for a Cathedral Church eoin a largo anll conlplre?lcsive scvale. Blt, on the suggestion of the late Bishop of Sydney, this project waus for lc time abandoned. though the old building was iusuliicient in nccommodation for tile idea of a cathedral, and unsafe il structure. Nevertheless, oni my arrival, linding that the diocese was very insutli. cintly provided with clergy and churches, I determined again to potponeo the scheme for a cathedral and for an cpiscopal residence. But whoa the arrangeuments for the crection of churches and parsonages in all the important pacta of the diocese were in a forward state, steps were at once taken ftr the erection of Bishopthorpe, and as soon as thin was completed I initiated a schemo at thooud of 1870 for the collection of funds for the building of a cathedral on ai large and handsome scaloe-a design which has boon carried into effect up to our highest expocta tions. The land (three acros and a hall in extent) upon part of which tho cathedral stanRd was granted by thile crown in 1812 for the ercclion thereon of a church in connexion with tile Church of England under the provisions of the Churchb Temporalities Act. In 18-12, the date of the grant, thero was only one parish in Goulburn-indecd, most of the county of Argyle was in the parish of St. Saviour. In 1861 the city of Goulburn was divided into the two parishes of St. Saviour and St. Nicholas, and in 1873, undor an impression entertained by many, though crroneously, that tile above grant of three acres and a half was made for thle seprate pur'poses of a church, a parsonage, and a school-room, stops were taken with the consent of tlhe trustees to erect a building on the southern portion of it. But before it could be employed for school purposes it rwaors sed ras a church fobr St. Sariour's parishl; and, on the removal of tihe old building, all its internal fittings (pulpit, benches, connnunion.vcssels, tablo and chairs, service and registration books, hc.) were transferred to the new building, as well as the materials of the old chancel, which were turned into a largo vestry-room attached to the same, and from that time, 1875, this building was practically the Parochial Church of St. Saviour's Parish. In tile subzerqueut year, 1876, tile presuent Incumbont was appointed and licensed, and as incumbent he has never known anly other parish church. And inasmuch as woe have high authority [Aylife't Parrrgon Commentary on the Laws and Constitutions of the Church of EnglandJ for stating that though a church was not consecrated, yet if Divine service was performed therein, it enjoyed the samer immunities as a consecrated church, to guard the building from all profane and comlnmo uses, I have liceneed the same. It can therefor still hbe used for services, sermons to Sunday-school children, and such legitimate religious objects ais may conduce to the instruction and cdili cation of the parishionors. The tirst appeal (1871) for funds for the erection of the cathedral was issued under the counspicuous heading of ".1 Ca.rnron.L? CIuIUcrU lon TIIs DLOCIus or Goiruns,"u r and upon tile building committee, to show it;; genlleral chalracter, were the namesll of eight or ten of the clergy of tile diocese. It contains a statemect that " tihe new building will be a Cathedral Church for the Dioceseo and at tile same time a Parochial Chuirch for Goulburn," and that tile committee "confidently looked to all smembers of the church inr tIhe diocs+e in the first instance for self denying contributions ; in the assurance that they who make the greatest efforts to help themselves will receive most sympathy and support from without," and they specially stated that they " felt it would be hopeless to attempt anything upon a worthy soale without a large measure of external help from the colony and from England." Will anyono assert that this language bore any retorenc to tho bouilding of a mere Parochial Church in St. Saviour's parish? Does it not in the outset plainly declare that it was to be a Cathedral, and that nothing loss was contem. plated ? But it mentioned " a Parochial Church for Goulburo," it will be said. Yes-but Goulburn at that time and six years previously possessed two parishes. When a proof copy was issuedof the first appeal, it announced nine contributions of £100 each in 1871, and those whose letters were printed thereon, said that they promised the money for the! erection "of a Cathedral Church for Goulburn." Again, in January 1874, the corner stone was laid of a church, to be called "St. Saviour's Cathedral," and " to be the Parochial Church of the city, and the Cathedral Church of the Diocese of Goulburu." Of the £18,700 obtained for the Cathedral, Ican I believe, correctly state that £18,000 either passed through my hands or were obtained through my exertions. Not one single subscription was by mo either solicited or obtained for any other than for a Cathedral. But as the land was granted under the Pro visions of toe Church Temporalities Act, it was always contemplated to apply to parliament for a act for two objects -first, to transfer the site to other conditions for cathedral purposes, and to provide the requisite ftnds for the organiza. tion of the Cathedral establishment on tc one side and on the other to conserve thle fiuaucial and other parochial rights of St. Saviour's parish, within tihe limits of which the Cathedral stauds. With this view it was suggested, and the suggestion was adopted, that a portion of the Globe lands in St. Saviour's parish, granted for tihe Church of Engl:nd by the crown in 1813, might be let on remunerative Sleases-that first of all the claims of the incumibent might be satisfactorily mot-and that thb balance of the rents and profits of the Globe might be made available for the above purpose. This might havo boon done some time ago-but the trustees required the consent of the inctumbet and of the Bishop in writing, aund it was desirable and proper that the trustees should secure to the incumbent of tho parish for the time being a larger annual sums from the Glebo than the £150 provided by the Church Act. eor this purpose also a special Act of Parliamenut becaume necessary, and I suggested that £300 a year should be secured to him in lieun of the £150. Ac. cordingly the trustees and the incumbent agreed by a legal document signed by them and him severally in the presence of witnesses that in consideration of thle sum of £300 a year being secured from the Glebe revenues to him and his successors as incumbenuts of St.. Saviour's parish, he and they would undortakie to use their best endea. vours to obtain an act of parliament embody. ingtho above agreeoment." And on a subsequent occasion in the beginning of last April, in the presence of three goutlemenU--two of them celected members of this synod- the incumbent of St. Saviour's parish signed a further documenout withdrawing his applicae lion to be made Dean of St. Saviour's Cathedral and undertaking not to oppose the passing of the cathedral act through parliament, on the under. standing that ohe may have the privilege conceded to himt of preaching once a Sunday in the cathedral and be allowed to perform such surplico duties with. in the cathedral as he may be requested so to per. form by any parishioner or parishioners; and that, in addition to the £300 a-year named abovo, and the occupancy of St. Saviour's old parsonago with eight acres of Glebe, Ilc shall, in lieon of surplice fees, and of offertory alms, receive from the cathedral revenue the sum of £100 a-year, besides £100 a-year from other sources-- making altogether £300 a-year with the plar?ounag and eight acres of Globe. And thus the whole questlin now standso-awaiting thie action of the sy;nod and the passing of the act of parlia mtent. 1 concludo in the words publicly used when the topstouo was placed on the cathedral :-" Herein may the trne faith over abide, and brotherly love remain; and here may prayer and praise be offored continually in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, who ever liveth with the Falher and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end." The resaling of the address was followed by applause. Mr. W. . . Watson movedl that the thanks of the Synod be given to his Lordship the Bishop for his address, and that he be regqested to have the same printed. The Venerable Archdeacon PeddicombG seconded the muotion, and tookl adlvantage of tile opportunity to correct a slight error in the address that any mention was made of mooley or the old parsonage in the agreement signed by him. It was only the rights he wished to maintain. The President said he would correct the mistake. The motion was carried, and the President said he would Is.ve much pleasure in acceding to the request. The Rev. A. D. Pan cc and fMr. W. H. Maybury were elected secretaries. 3Ir. H. B. Fitb:hardinge vwas elected chairman of committees. The standing orders of the first s3ssion of the fourth Synod were adopted as the standing orders of the present sittings. The folloving were appointed an election comtmit teo :- Canon Smith, Canon Druitt, tiev. A. D. Faunce, Messrs. I. Shepherd, ,. MaIadrell, W. T. Wood. The Venerable Archdeacon Puddicomba roead the report of the standing cotlmitteo of the fourth synod. loev. W. Martyn suggested that an estimate of the assessement of each parish should be laid on the table. The report was received and adopted. The President read letters showing that sums of the enlldowment fund hadbeen invested on freehold morltgages. Copiesu of the reports of the church society for 1893 were laid on the table. The Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombo laid statistical reports upon the table from several parishes. In regard to the endowment fund the President stated that none of the mortgages were returning less than 6 per cent. In reply to questions asked the President stated that he was s olo trustee for the enlsowment fund, and at no time were there any other trustees legally appointed. Mr. A. 3M. Betts moved that the standing orders be suspended to permit of leave being granted to bring in an ordinance to regulate the Cathedral Church of St. Saviour's. Mr. 3ackcetlar seconded the motion.-Carried. Mr. Botts moved that leave be given to introduce a bill to regulate the Cathedral Church of St. Saviour's. ,Mr. I. Shepherd seconded the motion.-Carried. Mr. Bet t moved that the standing orders be suspended, to permit of the bill being road the first time. MIr. Shepherd seconded tho motion.-Carried. M3r. Betts moved that the bill be read a first time. Mr. Shepherd seconded the motion.-Carriod. The bill was read a first time. A number of notices of motion and questions were givenu. The synod then adjourned till sevon p.m. A report of the evening's sitting will be given in next issue. 