THE TICHBORNE CLAIMANT. A meeting, convened by the Tichborne IJolonoo Associate'' lion, was held on October 29 in the St. James's Great Hall," Mr. Citiarterinain trust presiding. Admission was by pay- ' mont, and them was a large but not a crowd I'd lUlendnuee. The Claimant was accompanied by his son. Order was * maintained, but during some of the speeches a slight dis- turbance was caused by Homo portion at the back part of the hall, and cries were raised of "Turn him out!" In the course of a long address, which was frequently applauded, the Claimant, referring to his prison life, declared that when a Government interfered with the laws of nature it under- took a difficult proceeding. Criminals would never be re- formed under the ballot system. He then went into the story of his claims, and concluded by saying that so long as his fellow-countryman would assist and support him he would continue to fight the battle, not for himself, but for his children and tor ' justice and they would find that he would never be daunted when it was necessary for him to come forward.' In closing, he thanked those present for their kind attention and sympathy. The meeting was also aildioHaod by Mr. Kimber (secretary), Captain John Bull, tim Reverend 10.?? Ghost, and Mrs. Weldon, and the following resolution was unanimously adopted : " That in the opinion of this meeting the so-called Act of Parliament entitled the Tichborne' and Doughty Settled Estates Act ought to be appealed, and public justice indicated by Sir Roger Tichborne being restored to that portion of which he has been so unjustly deprived." The police authorities have ordered the Claimant, who holds a ticket-of-leave, to report himself personally at Win- ' chester, Mr. I-iiubor, his solicitor, has written to Sir William. Harcourt to protest against this, on the ground that it is in breach of the understanding, which, he alleges, was that the Claimant should always report himself by letter, i Mr. Kimber has advised the Claimant not to report himself por equally. 