THE ST. KILDA GHOST. aOME YOUNG MEN GO FOR ,r AND MEET A POLICE,. For Ibo p»(t fortnight or go St iru l btcn troubled with tho vinitntioiVi Rho.t initio local cemetery. Mftn. derful ore tbe etorloo told ohH,t |i! , W11- doing, One i. tbo .Hoot that hi" & uuira irora louob to tomb, ci " moot diom.1 wMllng,. „m,' " «> k„ nnd dcoir drnwn glgh», aUoh " lco« hrnrd . m'lo off. Ono per, on, rc„IJoaut gb' Kilcn. Informo ng potillvoly that h„ L. 3l< tbo Rhcot oo throo distinct o" ;aV."? oppooranco It ig tall and vgrr thin 1 J" or e flowing robog, from undo.'ooth if i)? at timo. flagh ditlcroot oolorga' S A. goon, howevor, no an. within half . - mllo dnapponrg, nlthongh thoro nro vot, f0B.f bavo tha oonraRo to approach too noar wh.n it i. onppoaod to lo. Uowcvor, „a T"3' tvoning lost, . band of joung moa «Ea!d7nn tho r o'ghhonrhood mo'Jo up a ' 0 Invoitlgato tho ghoot affair, .„i ' with whlpo, opadeo, baro oi iron m thoy proceeded to tho oemotcr', h thoghiot waa not ont that night, and the',,,, rotnrnod homo. Although tho, did not tho ghoat, two of thoEo who woro ready to for" it, met eomohod, olao, that la, a palic.m.V who did not approve of throo gho.t og,lohS portico, aud ho aooordingly took dot til r.mo of ono ot thc| yonng fodons, William Doig, who waa atimmoood to an< loot at tho local conit thin morning on . charge of insulting to'invlour. The out. ovidenoa ot thfa offonoo, howevor wu that tho yonng man had a whip in ht. hand ready to .tt.ok tho ght hI ohould it opnBu. Tho Bouoh warned defondaot not h bo too anxioua in hia ondoavoro to 0,i.v, tho ghoot, ond thru discharged him a yonth named Henry Clifford wag thoo pro ceedod agnlnit lor . similar offonoo. It proved that Honty was qniotly walking hooi with . oriokot bat oa hia ahouldor, when th, comtnblo oamo up and took hit name. Tho Benoh at ca-0 diitmuej thocaio, remarking that, miatakohad bete mado in Hnmmoning tho dctandnnt. Bnohaa iffoot h.atho ghoot had on ths mindaola groat many roeidonlo of St. Kilda, that vretri inforn od that . atrong aearoh party are ahorti, going to visit tho cemetery fcr tho purpose ol aolving tha myatcry. .Tndging by tho events nbovo sot ont, they had better keop clear ol policomcn who do not b.llsvo In ghosts, soil look with anapioion npon wonld ba ghost layora>rmcd with whipa nnd arickotbats. 