At a recent meeting held by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, London, a paper was read by the Rev. R. C. Collins, M. A , on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Rs ferrirjg to the parallels between the parsons scd characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he raid : — Take as a prominent instance the birth stories. I need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous con ception ; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven ; the Dcvas acknowledging his supremacy; the presentation in the temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves at his feet; the temptation by Mara— which legends are euv bellibbcd under such phrases as ' Conceived by the Holy Ghost,' 'Barn* of the Virgin Msjb,' 'Song of the heavenly ho&t;,' 'Presentation in the temple aud temptation in the wilderness '—none of these is fcund in the early Pali texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine of human suffering, and a nesr way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pali texts, of deliverance at the bands of a god; but the man Gautama Buddha stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorro wand ignorance. The accounts of his descending from heaved, and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embellishments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if here we recrgniEe some rather remarkable like nesses in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles, we need not be astonished^ when we reflect how great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and perhaps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; bat it is abundantly evident from among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a mani fest parody of the history of Christ. The *' Bhogavat-Gita,' a theosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of the East, containing many gems of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper Beltirg, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet, and indicating ss plainly their origin as do the stories of his life in the 'Mah»- Bfaarata; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the ' Maha-Bharata' to furnish a divine sanction to the ' Bhagavat-Glta.' If, thep, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian etory, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itfelf into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarkable poem that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised it we find Eimilarly borrowed and imitated wonders in tie later Buddhist stories also? A discussion ccsucd Jn wLich Mr. Hormuzi Rassam, Pro foi-or Leitner, from Lahore, Mr. Cole*, an tMr.ert student of the question during twciitj-iite j earn' trsidence id Cpylon, Pro- ' J-ttc- Hl-ye David?, and oibrrs tooK part, all j-£tci ii £ in -,nd coLiimiing the fetatesaents of Mr. Cuhtfc's paper. ? -» I mean to work (sasd Ciriylf-) according to my Btrrcpth. As lorichee.fame, success, aud to forth. I atk no questions. Were the work laid cut for us but the kneading of a cUy brick, let us, *A Go-jH, name, do it faithfully, and look %» 0Tir reward elsewhere. So, on 010 **'-S to end moralising, let us aing— Cfctae. fingers five, come now be live ; And stoat heart fail me not, Of, what is better than singing, lei us do it, end go on doing it, 