THE RESUSCITATED IRISHMAN. A Galway gentleman was wont to "tell the following humorous story of unexpected resuscitation That many people are barfed alive, is beyond a doubt. I know an instance that I will relate to yon, which I may say happened in my own establishment, for our huntsman, Jack Burke, was the sub ject of it. Jack had a dangerous illness—a fever, I think it was—and, to all appearance, died. He was duly coffined, ana as duly waked ; and auch a wake and funeral were never remembered in Galway ; for Jack was a universal favorite, a oharaoter and a wag, and crowds came from far and near to the burying. The bewailing cries were so loud as the procession moved along the road, that they could be heard a mile-off; and by the time they reached the churchyard, ail were hoarse with crying. It is the custom in these parts to carry the coffin three times round the churoh, after which it is laid bv the side of the open grave. Ail present sink upon their knees in prayer, the men rever ently uncovering. The immediate relatives of the deceased close round the remains, and for some minutes there is total silence. The contrast between -this death-like hush and the loud cry of the funeral wail is striking, and the appearanoe of the motionless, kneel ing crowd very impressive. " On the present ocoasion, the path round the church was rongh and stoney, and the ground uneven with graves ; so that poor 'Jack, while being carried hiB three rounds, was sadly jolted in his ooffin. " 'A rousing leap we had to take, surely, when we came to Tom Grady's tombstone,' said one of the bearers afterwards ' Enough to wake the dead, it was. We couldn't put our feet upon the new, clean gravtf, and the dacent man not a week inside ; so there was nothing else but to hop it.' " Whether pr not consciousness was jolted into Jack by this ' hop,' íb uncertain ; but certain it is that the dead silence customary after laying down the coffin was broken, not by the usual smothered eobs, but by vehement thumpingB at the lid 1 It was quickly opened, and Jack sat up. After staring round with an air of comical oewilder ment upon hiB astonished friends, a great coat was thrown over his gravecloths, and he was helped up on a jaunting-car, and in this plight driven home. " The old woman who had been left behind to keep the house when all went to the funeral, and who was telling her beads over the kitchen fire, was nearly frightened out of her senses at the apparition. There was some difficulty in persuading her that it was Jack himself, and not his ghost, she saw. "Meantime, Jack had drained a bowl of milk that was on the dresser, and now looked wildly about. " 'Is it wanting anything ye are, my poor fellow ?' said his friendB. ' Lie down, now, and compose yerself. A drop of spirits, with a bit of nourishment and a stretch on the bed, will do ye good, after that start ye got, finding yourself—God save us !—in the coffin. There now, be aisy, do !' " ' The saints be good to us !' whimpered the old woman ; ' his mind is gone—gone with the fright. Masther, darlint, what ails ye ? Is it the hunger, the long fast that's putting ye astray ? Sit down, for the love of the blessed Vargin, and I'll fry youashave • of bacon, and mix a tumbler of punch in half a second, to rise your poor heart and put life into you. Do now, avic !' " ' Arrah, will you get out of my way, and lave me alone,' cried Jack. ' It's my stick I'm looking for—my stick, for my wife, bad luck to her I when she comes home. And if I don't give her such a lambastin' as never mortal woman got before, my name isn't Jack Burke, that's all ¡—Look here 1' he ex claimed, plucking at his shirt—which had seen better days—while he panted with rage and weakness. ' Six brand-new shirts, whole and sound as the day they left the weaver— without tear or rent, patch or darn—I left behind me ; and look at the rags she dresses up my poor carcase in ! making a fool of me in the coffin when I'm dead and gone, and bringing me to shame before the neighbors and the country. Ah ! the stingy one ! to grudge the dacent linen to the boy that owned her ! Only let me catch a hold of her, and see if I don't make her four bones smart for it 1' " With much difficulty, poor Jack's wrath was calmed, and he was got to bed by his friends, Mrs. Jack in the meantime wisely keeping out of the way. He never forgave her the ragged shirt—to him, the feature in the affair. " To ' make an appearance' at their burial is the ambition of the lower order of Irish. They will undergo privationsooner than pawn or wear the sacred under-garment laid ujl to ' dreBB the corpBe in..' Thus it was that the indignity to his remains was so paramount in Jack's mind, that ever after is completely set in the background his narrow escape from the dreadful fate of beins buried alive."— Chambers' journal. 