BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. The Adelaide district meeting in connec- tion with the Bible Christian denomination was held in the Asbton Memorial Church Stirling East, on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, February 5, 6 and 7. The presi- dent of the Conference, Rev. J. Stoyel, pre- sided. There were also present the Reys. James Trewin, T. Hillman' O. Lake. T. Piper, G. H. Paynter, R. Kelly, J. Hancock' sen., J. Roberts, J. H. Ashton, C. Tresise, J. Foster, T. Allen. R. Lang, and C. Martin (a candidate for we ministry), Lady repre sentatives—T. Richards, A. Paddy. W. Stevens. J. Cornish, R. Sumner, F. A. Hains, W. Radford, and James G. Ashton. FIBST DAY. The Rev. R. Lang was appointed secretary. and the Rev. G. H. Paynter journal secretary. The first resolution introduced was—"That the quarterly meeting of tbe Adelaide Cir cuit having recommended Mr. John Pearce as suitable candidate for our ministry, and as he has been laboring for some months past as a hired local preacher in the Quorn circuit, we request the Port Augusta district meeting to examine Mr. Pearoe in our stead, and to report to the Conference, and oontingent on a good report we recommend him to tbe con- ference as a candidate for our ministry." Carried. A telegram was subsequently re- ceived from tbe chairman of the Port Augusta district meeting, stating that Mr. Pearce had passed his examination success- fully. The Rev. O. Lake moved—" We an grate- fal that God has spared our superannuated brethren another year, We are glad to know that they have been able to render some Con- siderable help to tbe various circuits in which they are located, and that they have given cheerfully all the assistance in their power. We hope that some of tbe brethren will be sufficiently restored to re- enter full work, but we watch with anxiety the growing feeble- ness of others. Bro. Ridcliffs health is too evidently failing, and his case calls for special sympathy. Some of us have been touched by his patience under affliction, and the maturity of his piety is marked by all who come in contact with him. We think it worthy of remark that Bro. Way is in his 80tb year, and he is still able to assist his cir- cuit greatly, and his interest in our work is undiminished. We all feel the value of these brethren, and hereby assure them of our love and sympathy." Mr. Lake expressed his pleasure at moving the resolution, though he regretted that tbe health of Bro. Ridcliff waa failing. Bro. Way, who was the pioneer of the Bible Christian Church in South Aus- tralia, had been a most energetic worker in the Bible Christian Ministry for about 53 years, and was as zealous in the cause in his old age as he waa when young. The resolu- tion was spoken to by others and adopted. The Rev. J. Trewin moved —"That the Con!erenee be requested to allow each circuit to keep all missionary money raised above the levy decided by the Conference card." The Rev. C. Tresise preached the district serman as the evening taking for his text Acts 20th a, 28v.- "Take head tbanfnra onto yomaelvte and to an the flook over wbieb tite Bolj Ghost bath made yon ova* seen, to feed the Ohareh of God which Ha bath fmwaWea with Bb own Uood." Tbe aaftamant el tbe latdfc flapper wnt ad i?inittaredaitlMclowoftbeaarvioe. Seoandllay. A neointkn expnsalie of thanks to the Bey.C. Treaaw for tbe dfatrict aaraon was paased. A^aooadon took pbMe with reference to ttobeataanaa to be adopted to Jaonaaetbe connezkaal fands Tbe Boy. J. Trans tuggested tbe appobrtment of ? permanent tMmr, who wm33 take hb posttion In Hinlaianuii ox dbto. By that miana the fioaaabl state of tbe oaanarion would be benefited. Other apeaken followed, but no roolobon waa arrived at. ThefeMowtog reanla?on wasreooniiaendad SSCJ* 1 wA^S M> <-f*g^ -~*i??i "Thaawa hiartOyaoppart tboMeaasaasaMbv tbaPort AupaU Dbferiet Meeting of 1883 L that Bra. OTnaise be ant apart tor^w aptclalwoik of an evanf^lbt among tbe Bible <Srbtbna in Sooth jfimtraUa te? the pre aent." Me JA&AsRTOHaBond-;^Tbat the monition be forwarded to Conference." Tbe rceohiUon waa fnely dtoenaeed, the Ben. O. Lake, T. Piper. B. Laog, T. Hfflman, and Mr. T. BicbardT^l posng it on the grotmda that it waa &expeoient; l ina?BuiobH ? difiaaisy woald beexpfrafcedxa making arrang?menta with caredta, the appointment of a oommittee of maoageaea^aadtherab^ofrandatomeet cxpenaea. The Bar. O. Tu?SHEeaad that it waeaaueenandtraa mottvo that prompted h:m to offer biiaaiiif for apacbl avangeustie woik, and be waavrepand to stand or fall by the result. The Chaibkak spake at length, and expressed Waamlf to tbe effect that there waa a. demaad for tbe kind of Christian labor that Brother Tnsbe had Crfteredtoo?destake. Babelievadtiiatthen waa a general feaitog in the various drcaita fltat an evangeHst was reqaired. The *p poiat?M?t ?f aoeb ? person at the pnsant jonctanwoald be very beneficial, aad the fosacialdifficultyooold beTmrcmne. Mr. Ashtob bavutg npUad, tbe resolution was put and carried by ? majority of one. Mr. Charles Martin (a candidate for the ?rinbtiy) nodcrwent hb pnUadnary oxaod nation. The Bev.O. luxx asond—"That bavteg auhosittod Bro. Charles Martin to an CTamfaaaon on the subjects oefinedby Conference, we an aatbnedwith thenanlL and hereby recoauaandbbitothaConfenaee MaimitabU candidate for our ministry." Tbe sainbten of the various drcaUa having read their pastoral reports, the Bar. O. Lake moved^ "That arter listeains; to the ctecutt reports we an graaafal to find sign of wypsuliT bievary prnae... stvory.nport speaks of mabnbl prospertty. and aonw ?irftoalblearii?fc and tbe futareia hopeful. Tbepeopw have co-operatedwi&tbeadnis; ten to away veryabearing?o?ia lamer, and our churches throughout tbe district an dwelliaglapaace. Thao^asusslonbdiistotcel that spacbf efforts abouldbe made to add to the c?urebca those who shall be saved, and bring the children of our homes and schools to gin themselves to Christ and to oar araohJovad denomination." Tbe?ev. J. Tbewis, in aaeakiog to the resolution, referred to the desirability of a deeper ana stronger bond of union between the aicmben and adherents of the society. Tbe Bey. J. Hamoock, sen., reaauksd that notbirg could be dona without? bigb tone of piety atd vital Godliness. The Ber. O. Lake made mention of tbe steady improve* ment that was being made by the oonnezion. andaaid that the outlook on tbe whom waa saMVaV aavMWB astOD?tfflJal flawafi sttaW WssmmaaH Vstml VoWV Tbe subject of Metbodlat union was dis> camion, but nothing definite was arrived at The CHAHtMAir reported tbe resisnationof Dr. Hsggar, and it was decided to forward it on to the Conference. The statistics of the district were dif cussed, baton account of the combination sinoe the but Conference of two districts, oomparitoa could not be ssade with the pissamj ear. By nwKtr*s"t the number of members of last year with the results handed in the Increase waaas follows:—Members on trial, 39; full members, 6; total increase, 45. The Sbcee takt (Bey. B. Ijang) read a report, which showed tbe status of the Adelaide district to be as fellows:—Ministers, 10; superannated, C; local preachers, 67; churches, SO; other preaching places, S; deaths, 17; removals, 38; struck off the rail,39; admitted daring tbe scar. IS2; on trial, 55; a?emben,Bs3;, totaC 913. Ho asenUonad that tbe circuit nUSSamUaaUV* tbald #HWaa^y ]mtl I>aWa> fairly sustained. A public meeting was held intheennhy. chair. Addresses ?? re given by the Ben. J. Ttewin, T. Pifer, B. L?g,and O. lake. Third Day. The Bey. T. HnxMAJf (chapel secretary) read tbe chapel report for 1883, as follows:— "According to tbe returns sent by tbe nasoe paktora we ban in the Adelaide dirtrict fiffey cne district connexion trust jpropertica. A new chapel has been erected during the year at Mjpersa, in tbe TatdndOlaoinalL s*? cost 0f£275, towards which tbe sum of £290 haabeen sailed, leaving a debt of £25 only. Tbe pastor and friends an to tKApagesta laledontbeveryprahmwtbyauart. Imnrove. ments aad renovations an reported sx Youok ttreet, Adelaide drcuit. at a cost of €149. Improvemements bad abo bam made an 4iCr??i (Port Adelaide eimut), 2t?w Ytte barton (Bowden drcuit). CUreodoo and Willurga(Willnngacireatt), Fovest road and Mount liofty (Mount Lofty circuit). The total income for the year from all sourcfs wa* 22.10a45.6d ;czpeaditun.£2,U63i.6d. Ofthe bitter sum £275 was apent towards tbe erao tion of the Myponga Cbapel. and £559 ISi fii. had been paid as interest on borrcwe J monpy. Paid to ouarter board by twelve trusts, £Sl 18s.: working expewe., £55275.; debM paid, £287 : Bomber of trusts free of debt, 17. At teSuon^^Okd toThe beavy lUbUiti? of feme of the traits in tbedistrict Tha trus tee, of estates would need to exert themselves to clear eff the incubus ?Vf.???lf^^ le; MthemoEtypaid as *?*??**S2i?t22£ in mangelid?gthe '^SS^^rSmVt^^ ?aiii to the denceatoattoo. xae n*v a j&. I^ly moved, the adoption of the report, Wt£| Sfetrfct'sun'day^chool aeeretary (Rev. ahosri?s; that taan ware do senoois, -^?L l^holairlondSSSteacbars. Total namber of booksin bbraries. 2.751. Ssventera of the SooUhsdnolibraries. Oadngtotheaiteca. tion to fieihtrict comparison with lsaVyeae -gSSSL-Sl ?i~ toamrJmm^m .etc?MaM^tottsdaerea^irsremmAe; -AObioV, J. Twwjn ?a*.J?l*fl"f ??t Addnti*! J.'fllPiel jfjamwnjaos^ajaiWilbmw*, W. Rbbards; Mount Lofty. T. Piper and O. H.Payntar; Mount Torrena,R. fiseig. The foUooing anmatmasil lOMOWtggvm weMai?omtoTasmfeas of me forth nomine ?^reVanWi-Bavc. J. Btswel, B. IVaag, ? HiDman, J. Twwin, T. C^er, O. lam, O, Tredes, B. Keller, O. HTpayntor, J. H. Adttea,J.W?,ud J.Boberte, Bipwau tativee-T.Bieanrda, J. CX Ashtoo, JuPoddy, W.Ste?heaa^oh?Oornish, T. Sapway~F. JuHaybaTW. lmatadTnV P. WUsoaTand BbSum?o. Tbe aadon wm broagbt ton olomby a vote of thaaka being poaea to all thoapenons who had avriated to cntartaln the ministers and wwoM?tattver. 