DR. BEVILLE AT Bs NA.LLA. The Right Rev. Dr .Eeville,O0S.&., Bishop of!' Ceram ./an'd' Coa.'djutor, Bishop :".of .Sandhurst,. visited:; St. Joseph'b B Roman' Catholio Ohuoel bon Sunday,.last, and." administtredthe sacrament of confirmation to.about 120 young people. . The church, was literally; packed; ,there- being, many persons , of other',: denominations present, and numbers occupiied ime provised seats down: the centre of the aisle, whilst bther .remained standing throughout the proccedinge;, At" eleven o'clock,58youngladies; prettily:attired in white dresses, tastefully trimmed with blue, with a head dres consist of an artificial foral wreath, from which was suspended a veil'of tulle, marched in processionto seats provided for them-near 'the alter. .They were immediately followed by 60 'youths, the majority of whom wore blue sashe3. The boys were eated on the right of the aisle and the girls. on the left, affording a very pleasing spectacle. Mass was..calebrated by. the Roev. Father Carolan. - Mr Lease, as a special favor, acted as organist,'in order that Mr B. J. Smyth:mightr officiate: as conductor. Both gentlemen filled .their respective offices excellently. . Farmornsa Mass in B Flat was chosen, the soloists being Miss Hanlon, Mies:-Ada Hanlon, Mr J.,O'Halloran, and Mr B. J.1 Smyth.. The chorus parts were admirably balanced, and the duett opening Agnes Dei was beautifully rendered.by the Misses Hanlons. . The soprano solos of the'same work were given .inexcel lent voice and cultivated taste by Miss Hanlon. After Mass the bishop preached an eloquent and impressive sermon on the words,," And Jesus coming, spake to them saying, all power is- given to me in heaven and -in earth.' Go, therefore, teach ye .all nations, bap tising them'in the name of the:Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them-to observoe all.things Whatsoever I have commanded youj and behold I Iam with 'you always, even to the. consummation 'of the World."': ~The -clergy although weak vessels, wete endeavoring to fulfill this divine command, viz., teaching and baptising in the name ofthe holy Trinity. ' He laid special streen the latter part of the teit, !' and behold I am with you always, even to the' con summatioi of the world.'??.Godiloved with ad infinite,love,' and also hated with an infiiite.hate, and when a- man or wodiian ainied,they. set 'themielves at enmity with the msost High God, who hated the sinner equally with the isin. Thei commission: of a sin, then,.placed us in a terrible position; it. created for: us: ant.iall-powerful. eneimy-the Omnipotent, Being-it..placed, us on the brink of'a fathomless and yatwning. abyss, over..which: we' might..at, any moment be precipitated to the damna.. tion of our souls and.-eternal punish. ment.; .Some peqple might seek conso; lation;as'.did the Impious ;iretchinmen tioned in Scripture, in?tlhe Ithought, "'Il hav sinned, but nothing h's be fallen me, biit he' would: counsel :suh persons thlat the very'moment they. raised their: hand in rebellion against, God, they lost" the sanctifying grace that divine grace which was purchased by the sufferings of. Our Lord,' By committing :ono sin they estranged themselves :from God and became the slaves of the evil one, who. they thus chose as'their master ".For the Lord has said,;If you are not my people, I will not be yours. ?:Ho instanced the capture of the ark,.by the Philistines, from: the Israelites alis an example, when the latter= considered the Glory had departed from Israel. - Everything else in connection with"the losses sis. tained by God'is people in battil~'was but nought to" them n'in ~comparison. with the defilation of.. the ark of their God. Yet, there were persons that day who were voluntarily rejecting the sanctifying grace offered' them, A person might have grown gray in the service of theLord, and yet if he com mitted one sin all his works are for gotton-if a just man turned from his' justice all his ustices would be for gotten, He did not wish to be under stood tosay that'the good works of the past would heouseless; fortheyprocured compassion for the sinner's weakness, as in the case of St.. Peter, but the persistency in sin'-would= lead to dam. nation even if the, sinner had been 'ever. so Virtuous 'hbo'retofore. A mis take was capable by diligence in prayer of being repaired, and that day they had an opportunity of preparing them. solves for God. In conclusion, his lordehip exhorted parents to see to their children, and'educatothemn well in the doctrines of their holy religion. At the termination of the sermon the children were ,presented for con firmation. His Lordship, before con firming, addressed them an aneairnest and affectionate, manner, telling them that by this sacrament they 'would receive graces and gifts from God that would make them stronger'and better Christians. In examining the children he was pleased to find them very well prepared. They had a good school in Benalla,' which was conducted ad. mirably, and parents should attach great importance to the instillation of the Christian doctrines into their children. The confirmation was then proceeded with, Father COrolan as. sisting, and Mr O'Connell and Miss Hanlon acting as eponsors, after which his " lordship congratulated the children, and counselled them to pray assiduously, mornitng and eveningand be better boys and girls, a S'Mr D. C. M'Cartby O'Leary 'pre sdented a handsomely bound and illu. minated address to his lordship on behalf of the congregation. }It read' as followe:-- ' 'MA ri Pr.ases Yoasn Lonasao,-We, your people of the Benalla district, beg lavesson this your first official visit, tooer you oar wars con. gratulations on your elevation to the high dignity 'of the' lpiscpate. We wish' your Lordship many years of health and strength to enable you to guide by youear wisdom and learning the devoted priestn and people entreated to your charge. lEver mindful, as we are, of the strong ties which bind priste and people to our beloved church, it was with feelingsof joy we heard that the choice of the Holy Father had fallen upon a clergyman "of our own dioess ; one who hba ministered to ss. from timeto time, and whoe a4elietrnliatio Of thoe imprtant' Idocese of Sandhurst daring thb absenco of our Bishop has, we have reaton to 'know, given the greatest catis.actio While rejoicing over your Lordship elevation, we can. not ht be sensible of the dark. cloud of eo;row that bangs. over our bruta whe we remember the caose that has given role to it. A sorrafllo. 'a b has'deprived ma to.day of the presence of our venerable and mack esteemed bishop, Dr, Crane, and we bg oyear I?dshabip to acquaint him of our deep sympathy with him in his great trial, aend of ohi coastant supplications on hia behalf. Fully aware of the many evils whicha Godless system of .education ia sure to brng .in its train, and fully sensible of the wisdom ofour church is her oppoeitien to it, we beg to. asure your Lird. ship of our aesiataoce in year eforts to bare our grievance redressed, sad the religiou of our fathers preserved and imparted- to our childr en, Thanks to the efforts of our clergy, we have here the great blessing of a' well.conducted and thoroughly eticient . Otthelto : school-a boon which we highly prize. In conelusion, we humbly ask your Lordship's bleasing, and on be. half uo our people beg to subscribo ouraelveeyour Lordaship's devoted servant- " D. C M'C. Oanar. ' Joun MoreiAr. Dses RTAN. ' O Cuaons Brin. Ple.LIDo SY?on. - We . INNIVAr. lEDoONDo MURPHn: 'THos.'SuLartvan.' EDWARD RaAN. GORDON WILLaL lIcuEro. O'KeEs. blIcoAtr. CoxoONS. Joas HAssrtr. LAD naox lAsLOC.n JaEsn War.As. ' P. B. O'Coonznr, Hen, See, The bishop, in reply, 'thanked Mr O'Lbbary and others for the handsome address. "'Thee', wtilsiihe W'ent"' iii ti" say, no one more 'anxious than the Roman Catholic clergy and laity to live in communion with their fellows, but in this free country they were denied' Ithe liberty of religious conviction. If parents wished their.children educated 'religiously they should 'certainly have" their wshese acceded to.' . The !Catholics were supporting- their own ;schools, rather than sibmit' to a God-, less system 'of education, cud in this 'he hoped they would'persevere, until.. 'better counsel prevailed in high qaar. tere. The touching reference made to Dr Crane inthe address washeartilyen !dorsed. by himself, and 'his ;reverend brother he hoped'would'. shortlyjh'ave his eight restored to him, aid h'e would pray, as they all would, thatthe'opera-. tion to take place next 'month would,, with the blessing of the Almighty,, be successful. As they (the congre 'gation), had:requested his blessing, he would gladly bestow it on them, and only asked m return that they would pray for him; In the evening the church was again' crowded to excess, when his lordship, preached a touching sermon' from the text "Hail full 'ot -Grae," on 'the sanctity and. purity: of the Mother of God"theblessed Virgin Mary. In addition to the usual psalms at vesper' service"" Kirschman?se Te Prego,"*a' beautiful trio, was delightfilly sang by - Miss Hanlon and Mesere O Halloran and Smyth.. At the benedictioniser vice Cherumbini's 'grand?." Sala tasia" 'in E Flat. was magnificently' rendered by the choir imaster of St;.. Joseph's, Mr Smyth,proving that gen tleman to be a most capable artist. i. The school children yesterday morn: ing. at 'the' school-room' presented: Bi shopReille with an address, which' ' is as follbwe:'- ' - .- t• . MAY "i PFesPU Yoes 'Los.tur.-Wo, the isholars of SL Joseph's 8hool, Bonalia, desire toI covey to yaour Lordohip our exprassios of hearty delcome on this the occasion of your reat visit to' oh" achool since your eleovation to the Episcopacyo We 'remember the kind interest your Lordahip always took both in .onrelves and our achool'on the ocmaions of your fo0mer visits to Beaalls, and we rejoice that our Holy Father, tboe Pope has eleyated to the charge of our diocer, a pre-' late' with whom we were already intimately add. aslreotionately asociated,' We are deeplya sensible that there is ri object dearer t, your Lordship. than that of our educatlion, asnd we will ever'? remember with feelings of the warmeat gratitud 'e the great efforts put forth by your LordshIp sand : our priests on behalf of us and the other Catholio/, children in your extensive diocee. 'We 'ca assure your Lordlship that in our prayers your name and that of our beloved Bishop (Dr. Craner -whose sad afliction we deeply deplore--will alway be remombered,'and we sincerely trust 'hat aswhen Almighty God in his goodness raises as up to be meh and women, our conduct will be ' such as to cause your Lordshabip to remember with.: pleasure and satisfaotion the little children whom ;. you te.day visit. In conclusion, 'we humbly ask your Lordship to grant ns your blessing, and on : behalf of the little members. of your flck ato Benalla, beg to subscribe ourselves KAzre MITCELLr. JOna FiRoI-I os. Oaaon?.asWooeLa . ' MItn-O'BIEn. PANt s BSORTgELLt. . .THOnAa JAM . . His' lordshi suitably replied, and obtained a"'holidoy for the children-. from Mr O!Connell,'. : . 