The Miner's Partner., 0N FOUR OA EIIPEOS.-CONCLUSION. Never before had Ben from mintal excie ment passed a sleepless night; his seasoned, iron'nerves had bornie hiii tiroughas imultitude of perilsl--from hostile Indians, froni white enemies; from the bear, the wolf, the snake; fffi"firi"'aiid flood; and when the time had come for himn to sleep, Ihe slept soundly; when , his rough meals were prepared, hie ate. wecll. But it was ditferent now. The recollection of the faces which confronted his own at the res taur?ist, hainted hini, broke his sleep itlto fitful dozing, and filled these unrefreshing snatches with terrible dreams. Yet, when the bright morning came, hie persuaded Ismiself that he must have been mistaken--that hlie had exaggerated some chance resaremblance into the identity of his dead partner. Ben's reflections touclhed upon what was growing isto another dreadful formn of mental excitement. lie began to fear that lie had not seeoon the man at all, that it was merely a delu sion, a vision of the brain. And that such a delusion should take the form of Rube Steele was not surprising, bearinig in mind the facSt, which was never long abosent fruom lila thoughts, that he had given this man a blow which, if it had not, as he formerly supposed, caused the man's death, must have very nearly done so. No doubt the blow was struck in self-defsce'; but even murder in self-defence is lnot a thing which a man can in his calmer moments recall without some senuse of remorse. He was early at the hotel, and tifking his regular seat, waited with a nervous anxieity, such as he had rarely experienced before, the appearance of the stranger. He had not long to wait. Almost as soos as he was seated, a figure entered the saloon which there was no mistaking, and all Beon's consolatory theories \- as to a casual resemblance deceiving him fled on the instant. Tihe stoop of the long body and neck, the crafty glance thle man threw around on entering, his very step-these were all Rube Steele's; and to the dismay of Ben, the now-comer evidently glanced round the saloon in search of hu~,s for the nlomlent lie saw him,-his face lighted up with a smile, anud he came to the table. . . '"Glad to see-you again !" said he, extending a hand which a horrible fascination. compelled Bun to seize and shahke; but the familiarity of the touch was n o ho rrible still. He felt hlie lkow for a certsainty, he liad touchled that hand a thoulsaind tiiaes. .:"LI thught niebbe you made this 5'your regfilair ?dimg location, contiisned the other; " "and:£ hare'kinder t;akerli a fancy to you." '-":ideed!" gasped Ben; wondering as to 'hliat would conse next. :'' " Yea, I haive; that is so," replied the stran Sger. .I1 reckos you have not been located ii I.thee city v'ery long ?" "'Not very lonig," said Bdn, who. had not once removed his eyes from the other's face. "1. came from.the West-fromtlhe mining coustly." P" Possible !" ejaculated tlhe stranger. "Wal, nof, I take a great inoterest in the mining Souitries, and liote to hear tell of thenlo.' Were yodu from Califbony or Nevady; or"----. -" cFrom Colorado,' gasped Ben, who almost began to fancy tliat hd was-losing his senses, so certaiin was he that the man was Rube, and yet so inconsistent with this belief was the lwhole of his counversation, especially his liking . for Ben, and his anxiety to hear of the mines. .Whein they separated, it was with nodthler shhke 'dfof the hand, and a strosgly exprdesed hopd on the part of the stranger that they might meet again the ndxt day. "LEitlher the critter is a ghost," thouogllt len--"misd ilo that case there e'ra ghosts-or I our goimig crazy; or She is Rube Steele; uand I know that is impose Ssible. I won't go to this hotel any more; and soon as we get married, Ruth and I will live out of the city, and thait is a comfort." .. bortified by this reficdtion, he waso able to bear up sonmewhlat better on this'day,' arid to acclpt Mr. ShowleO's invitatio-with 'a Cslsier mind. He arrived early at tliemerilrhiut's house. Rutli came in soozi aftemoards, iiid he wovas pldased to see that she,' too, looked more cheerful. Ruth hiad relieved her minid, as slid confessed to Ben, by telling him her trouble i and niow he knew it, she felt that the worst was over. It was to avoid her half-brother, .'esheo owned, that she had wished Ben to live so Sfar from town, and as hlie had 'niw' really arrived, he was glad they had agreed upon this preciltion. .They were conversing cheerfully enough, when a knock was heard at the outer door, and Mr. Showle, rising,.exclaimed: "There is Morede ! I kinor his knock. Indeed, he takes care we shall hear him.-I amn sure you will like him, Creeloek, and he is very anxious to see you.--Ah, Mr. MIorede I you are punctual then I Come in, 'and let me introduce you to our friend Creelock."'- Saying this, hlie shook hands with the new arrival, and led him to where Besn wa staiinding. "I think," said. Mir. Morede, as hlie took Besn's hand wilth i smile, "I am not ehtirely a stranger to MIr. Creelock. I have had the pleasure of dining with himsmore than once at the Ocean House." - Yes, lhe had; of course he had. Of course he was not a stranger to Ben-far from it, and Ben kinew it well; for here was his mysterious companion at dioner, the .new partner in Showlo aid Bynnes, aod Ruth's lialf-brother, all tuiring but to be not only one and tlhe sanle person, but were .ilso dac'lh iand every one Hube Steele, his treucherous partner,' wholnom he had left for dead in Colorado; Aind why did he not rocognise Ben, as Ben had recognised hinm ? Of all the' strange features in this be wildering matter, this was the strangest. Bei shook hands, as an automaton 'i ight have done, and spoke as tlhough in a trance; the odd tone and character of hIis replies, and his fixed stare, evidently attracting the notice of Ruthll and Mr. Showle. ' "Come, Creelock !" cried the latter present ly; "you are niot yourself to-night.. Where are your mining stories and your prairie adven tures ? I have been prisoing you all the time to our friend Morede here,oas a sort of live volume of entertainment on these matters, and you are not saying a word about them." "iMr. Showle is entirely right; he'is' so," said Morede; "and I reckons I skll be'quite pleased to sit arould and hear somethlin' about thle Wvestern mines. I alwajys do like to hear tell of them." ' " Do you ?" exclaimed Ben, rousing himself to a species of desperation, and resolving to bring this horrible torture to a fnishl. "Shall I tell you an adventure of my own?" ' Just so," returned Morede, with a pleasant smile. " I should like it above all tlings.' : 'Then," said Ben-and his answerine g smile "was of a somewhat grinmer character, in spite of himself,•than Istorede's had been--" then I will tell you how my pardner at the nmines in troduced a stranger, who robbed me of fifteen hundrbddbllars. Thlis'stranger came, I should tell you, withl information about Indians sli s.e var-saih. wilo were Iskely to be around our camp.:. But it was an arranged plot. He was a mean cuss, this stranger; he or his friends robbed the placers and broke the stainss-mill. It was eitllher hnim or my'prrdner that shlot at me from a gully; and the bullet went through my hat alst cut iaway some of my hair.' That : was not tile only tisue miy lardner got his des peradoesato shst oot at me; so I will tell you about hise."' Thereupon, stimulated by the desperate im pulse we have allhided to, Ben proceeded to re lIte'apart of the pIlot whicli had been devised Sfor' his ruin by his crafty partner; the inci dents attendant on which greatly excited, and sometiines almost appalled his hearorn, none among whom listened with more palpable in terest than did Mr. Morede. Ben told all, up to the action of the Vigilantes, but could not bring himself to speak of the final scene at tihe pool ; there was somelthing too horrible in the 'odes of describing that to his listeners. When Ben had finished, which he did by saying, " What do you think of that, Mr. reorede?" and looking his new partner straight in the face, the latter exclaimed, in what seemed the most. geinuine manner possible: "First-rate, EIr. Creoluock ! I admire you. I see you lhaver the real grit; and I orish lI had been there to help you in such a fix. But, to my thinkiing, your partner was the worse of the two." "He was," said Ben drily. "And he oughit to have had hIis reward," continued Morede. -" He had it," said Ben, with increased dry s' Good I Good!" cried M[orede; and other comments being made, the conversation be; came general. -A : Morde rer his part all through the evening without a single allusion which could induce Ben to suppose that he had the slightest re: mnembrance of him, or hlad ever before hearsda syllable relating to the dangerous stranger or the ~boberie..l Yhen :they parted for the iiight, too, he wie particularly demonstrative in Ihs friendliness to Creelock, making quite a 'smart oration," as Mr. Shoolve afteriardsre iniarked, on the-agreeable evening lhe ,had pIassed, and tile pleasure it: would give liil to be ssociated in business, aud as hiell;sed, in still closer relationship ith a mat n whoml he acliired and liked so mnuch at.firPst hight. as:ho did Mr. Creelock. Ben went home after this speech in doubt as to whether it was himiself or every one around him that was going mad. Day after day passed, and the new partners in the-finn met fequently, with no dismicnuthi in the friendslip which Mfr. M[orede had from the first professed for Ben. Theydid notn meet at the hotel, however; thle strain on Ben's nerves was bad enough when they met as part of a group. A tfte-a-tete was more than he could stand with a man whons he believed to have killed, but who was now walking aboult as unIIconcernedly as though hlie lhad never been stretched iy the side of the Colorado pool. So confounded lhad lBell been by tie appari tion that lie lhad never thought of asking tihe Christian name of Mr. Morede, and it came upon-him as a newr shlock lwhen le received a note from the warehouse on somne business mat ters.signed "Rubeisn Morede," while hie could have sworn to the lhandwriting in a court of justice. This did not increase hIis certainty, for it could admit of no increase; hie oeas cer tain, and could not go beyond that; but it seemed to make the position more dreadful and coinplicated. Nnow and then, too, hlie would find, if he turned quickly around, MIr. Morede gazing fixedly upon him-an earnest gaze, as though he.were striving to recall sonmething to Iis memory; and this was not agreeable to Creolock. He do asked gardedly as isosibl, about her brother's past career; bet s knew nothiing of it sinc e h had left home. Ho had gone West, she knew; but he would not now utter a syllable in sexplanation, or even say how he had been employed. Ben could not press her very much upon the subject, as it was evi dently a painful one. His departure from home had been caused by some disgraceful, possibly fatal broil-that-was clear; so Ben forbore to question her. The day of his wedding drew nigh. Ruth had left hbr school; theirt home was so f'r adsanced in its improvements thlisat it woild bhe quite ready by the time they returned .froii their trip; andthen--to iadd still greater plea sure and: dlati to thi festivities--thle gallant energetic bld gsntlemani Mr.- Byijnoss paid a short visit- to Ciicinnati. ,- Like tile rcestlese Yankee he was, hlie had already sold his new estate at a very considerable profit; so wias now, at seventy years of age,. looking out for some fresh investment for his dollars, and em ployment forhis time. -He?ihd seen Ben before leaving Cincinnati, and appeared, to like him more. Tihe bluff, straigtforward, perhaps rough manner, which Creelock could never shake off, seemed to please the old man mightily, and he was never so happy as when in his company.-. Ben, With. his niglhtmare always oppressing himi, had Lisked a little about Reuben M?lorede, whlo he knew was a connec tion of iIr. Bynnes. But the latter was niot conmunicative about the lnew partner, although thlere was a tantalising hesitation in Iris man ner, lwhich imade Ben think he could a tile un fold did he choose. Well, the wcedding-day came; and tlhe simple ceremony.perfnormed in MIr. Showle's.drawing room made Bleu and RIutlh mnan and evife. Then came what answers to the weddiuig-break fast of the Britisher, and this was 'on a scale, for variety and display, to pit the lild country oil its mettle, although it wcs inly give, by an American storekiieper. After the first part of thle feast was over, MIr. Byilnes got Blen .by himself and insisted ospon having a final gls of ehinpagud with him. "I knowi you lave got just the best wife in tile States," said tile old gentleman; " and you are the kind of man toi make a good hlusband, 1 can see. I feel as glad to see little Ruth Alken happily settled as if slhe was a gal of my own--I do. After all these years, too, to think her brothler is -coing to clear up and quit hIis tricks ! I alwaysciked tile boy; but he has had some real bad ways. You asked me about him, you know." "Yes, I did,' said Ben. "W:d, I did not like to let out agen him,' pursued Mr. Bynines; "but it can't do harm now anywa-y, that 1 can see. HIe has been muining in Colorado, and has beei up to some queer tricks there. He was niighl killed by his partner--lie was ; that is so." . "" Nearly killed !" echoed Ben. "Ah! most oncommon nigh," said MIr. Bynnes. "'Also he was nigh upon lynched by the Vigilantes. His partner found out that he was-ltube was, 1 mean--lplaying him false, planning to rob and perhaps murder him; so it is supposed from the mark on his head that he hit him down withl some blunt instrumenlt, possibly a club, dnd left him for dead at tihe mine. He was found lying by some of tile miners, who carried him to Flume city, and I heard all about it from the doctor who attended him. It is a real exstraordhinary case. He re covered; as you ee; but his memory from a certain time has entirely gone. His boyish days he remembers quite well; brit does not appear to have the least idea that he ever went to the mines or was ever injured. WeVo have tried him im every way; but his mind is a per fect blank. Strange, is it not ?" "Verystrango," assented len, lwho, we need hardly say, was listening with breathless in terest. - "His brain is hbjured, no doubt," continued the elder; "for his skull was fractured.. Tihe doctor says it is to ie hoped that lhe will nevier recover his memory; for if he does, he will probably go mad, and do some more mischief before he dies. It is a strangecase.-Here we are ! just having a friendly drink at parting." This was in-reply to oe or two of the party whlo came to interrupt the lengtlhened gossip, and the conference was broken up.-. Often, dilring his eastern trip, did Ben recur to the strdnige story hlie had heard, and often did lie debate with hiiiself .wlethler or not lhe sliould tell his wife swhat he had learned; but hlie thlought it better oi thile whole to be silent. It was with a great feeling of relief, hIowever, that he fonild; ulson his rturtln to Cincinnati, that Mvorede was absent, having just left to accompany Mr. ]Bynnes in hIis inspection of a property in Colorado... - . I, about a wesk alter tOis thime, Mr.. Sliowle received a letter froii Mr. Bynnes anuouuciig thie almnost sudden deathl of Morede! " And ~e bhad a bad time with hlih," saidl the writer. "L PerIhaps it was becauise e came to Coloradol that he all at once got back his msied; but whlatever it was, hlie woke one mornimig like a fiend or a wild Indian. He raved about the mines, talked of ihorrible things he lad done; said tihe ellows hIre woull tremble even nown aot Rulo: S'eele's namle; a-lo we have found out that hle, o' some onelike hiis, was known in tlese part as i Rubes Steele, a year or two back. Tell .r. Creeloek that hlie was frantic aoinst'him. He was sensible enough in other thing; .but he wa~s alway callinig for his pistol, and vowed that he nWould shoot Beni Creelsck'on sight! Told se thaot Ben was Ihe min who hlid broken Iis skull and lhad set the Vigilantes o hIis frionds. I tell you, Abel Shlowle, it was real frightful, and we were all glad when he died; thlough- my heart ached for hims when I recollected tis bright, clever boy he was; his mothler's only son too. But he ii gone now; cand bad as ie may hlave been, I don't think we ivill tell Rutol of his later life, as hle lihad cnused her a deal of misery, and she don't need to think any worse of him."*' Tiue kindly, slrewd old nmerchlant's advice was folliwed; and Ruth Creelock, although shel did not feign passionate grief for thie half- brother who had so injurd s njr all who ought to hlave been dar to him, yet spoke of hlium with a softeeed ti:vling, whie must shave bec elhanged had she kinown ol thie deadly enmity whlicll once existed bestseen t:o dead man and her hIusband. For a similasr ease of hipsed snemory, see Onr psntor's Jleslshsi t goc5ee, .til editios, r.,6 460-le5. 