A Dead Man's Face. . A GHOST STORY. . iBr ratE 'Amrrnoa"or o CaroTin Bacr." . 3 Imaginative beings who invent marvellous ] tales may take what license they.please, but a su simple narrator is nothing if not accurate ; so, cli before beginning this, I looked up old corres pondence nand various memoranda made at al5 the time when the following things occurred. rib The first paper upon which I put my hand gi was a letter. I may as well open with a copy des ofit: e: "Dear old Boy,-I hare met her at last- out my fate-the one woman in the world for me. dae Nothing is settled as yet; but I should not ing write this unless hope were a ertainty. You tho mustwish me joy, ithough she is a widow and con an American-two qualifiations-which I know m you will find fault with. No matter; when bro you see her you will recant and be envious. if n 'lours ever, I "Claud Morton." th The writer was my brother-I was going to saymy only brother, but I had another once, Cu although the less said about him the better. sit Nearly every family has its black sheep. hal Ours had bee a peculiarly sable one. When he died, some years ago, I passed the sponge in over his long list of delinqnencies, and tried ohs to think of him as kindly as possible. He died a disgracd man, far away from home. wti I call this black sheep, Stephen, my brother, tim not Cloud's, the fact being that Claud can I -scarcely be said t have kno him I stood a in age midway between the two. Claud was . I sixteen years younger than Stephen, so that when the latter was shipped off as irreclaim able, the former was a little golden-haired fel- nev low of seven. to The above letter made me feel both glad it. and sorry. I was glad that the boy-he was bet still the boy tome, although his age was seven- has and-twenty-was going to be married; but I me was sorry that his choice had not fallen on one of his own countrywomen, and one who could m, have given him her first love. Still, all this was his own peculiar business. No doubt he *had made a suitable choice, and the only thing left for me to do was to write him a cheerful letter of congratulation, and hope that the his love affairs would soon be happily settled. for A week went by ; then came a long letter see from him. He had proposed in orthodox form, and had had been duly accepted. His letter J lies before me at this moment, and I feel sad she as I read again the two pages covered with the Thb lover's usual raptures. exc I am not a nereny man, but I own I fel be somewhat disappointed on learning that she was poor. Somehow one associates wealth with an American widow who is sojourning in co England. But, so far as I could gather from Claud's lettter, Mrs. Despard, or Judith, as he his called her, was not well off. He spoke of her put as being all alone in London, which fact, he tre. added, would necessarily hasten his marriage. tus It iould take place, he hoped, in a week or doc t o. In conclusion he presed me to runup full to town in order to make the acquaintance of fins my future sister-in-law. ree \- I was very busy at the'time-I may say, in a passing, that-my business is to cure people's hen ailments, not to tell stories-nevertheless I '1 m3anagedto pay a flying visit to to n, and was not duly presented to Claud's betrothed. AM yes, she was handsome--trikingly hand-. oi' some. Her whole appearance was much out of pou the common. She was tall, superbly built- tha on a large scale, perhaps, yet graceful s a. her panther in every movement Her face ge sp evidence of much character, power, and deter- wot mination, and of passion also I decided. Her ban rich dark beauty was at that time in frill dine bloom, and although I saw at a glance that she p e:as soum yerrs older than my brother, 1 was mi not at all isline d to blame Cloud for his rap- esi turous expressions. So far as personal charms th went, I could find no fault s.ith Judith Des- bet ard. For the rest, it was easy to see that she da was passionately in love with Claud, and for Na the sake of this I gladly overlooked all my mot fanciful objections to his cholee, and congratu- do hited him heartily on having won so beautiful . a creature full Yet, strange to say, in the nmidst of his new- my ound halpiiness my brother seemed anything m but his usual cheerful self. He, the merriest ?n~d t kpneefne jr bi cularly whilst we were in Mrs. Dspard's corn- an y.p Hesnsotke and behaved in the mot at- is etonate and lover-like way, but there was in co his general bearing something which puzzled me me altogether. It seemed to me that lihe ight prhal:s e nervous as to what impression el his fair friend uighit make upon his elder brother, whom he so reverenced and respected. no' This theory of mine was strengthened by V, the fact that when, at night, we found our- fee selves alone, and I was able to freely express W my admiration of MIrs. )eslpard's good lookes, ho he brightened up coasiderably, and Awe sat - in til a v r-y late hour, and talking over the past, the present, and the future. be "When do you mean to be married" I asked. of In a fortnight or three weeks. There is lie nothing to 'wait for. Judith is living alone k 'in loilgngs. She has no friends to consult ;' T so we shall just walk to church some morning. and getit over." 1"W'el1, let me walk with you. I ehonldlike' toseethe last of your ' u "All right, old fellow. But you'll bethe n( only one--unless lIary likes to honor is.' n 3try was mywife; but as her-time was jst then fully occupied by a very young baby,I · did not think it at all likely she would e able a to make the long journey to town: ' dI a I shall select the earliest day I can,"added Cloud. "The fact is, I have. been feeing - rather queer latey. I want a change" ha Thereupon I questioned him as to what , ailedhim. So far as loud as?er in, alltthat S was the matter was his- having workmed too hard, and being a little below par. I pre scribed a tonic, and quite agreed with him as hi to the benefit which he would derive from t change of air. - When I reached home my wife scolded me for my stupidity. It seems that it was my duty to have found out all about Mrs. Des ai's antecedents, relations, connections, cir eunsitaunes, habit, and disposition, whereas all i could say was thatshe was a beautiful widon ' with a small income, and that she and Claud t fwere devoted to one another. "Yes," said Mrs. MIorton, scornfully, "lilke all other men, the moment you see a pretty t rface you inquire no further. I quite tremble1 f"or.Claud-" . When I reflected .how little I really .knew - about Mrs. Despd, i felt alasled and guilty. HoOwever Claud was a .ful-grsnma nrl, and nos -r.ateronl.ciusel was likly to turn tdn a ide ! from his desire. " a SIn the course of a few. dareys he wrrote me that .. ewa tobe married on the 5th of- the next : month. I made arrangements shic would cnable me to go to the vedding; but thi-ee -dnks before the dote named I heard again ?(irim him. The wedding was postponed for a ?:fortnight. He gave ns reason for the delay; •buthe saidho waso xio s to soee me, and to morrow he should run dosn to my home. He came a promised. I was aghast when I saw him. He looked worn, hnagmard, wrs.tched. MIy first thought wsea that busies • matters had goseswron withi him. His looks might well be those of e man on the brink of ruim After the first greeting I at bnc took him to uy study in order to be lint out of eus pense. Just as'I wsss ebeut to egin my • ananeus questions he tiuned to me. "Frauk, old fellsw,"' he' said, iisploringly, e and with a faint attemlet at a sole, "don't laugh at me." "Laugh' That was the last thing I seas likely to'do. I ressed his hand in silenee. 'i You wron't believe ine, I kneiV," he essi "tinued. "I can't believe it myself. Frank, l;aI-m haunted. .. - •""Haunted"' I was bound te sehile, not -" from any disiosition toe ard merriment, but. : .in order to show the poor boy the asburdity of :hiside- • - " " "-- ' PYe,, haunted- The word sounds ridici -:on le but I can use no other. :aunted." " . 'What haunts youe.l" * He came close to me and .gasped my arm. His voice sank to a hearse weisper. '. horrible, glestly; -r-uesoeme thing. It : is killing me. It coenes attseen me aid ny liappineso. I have fought and stroggled -'asinst tluis jehnetom tenser. I have reasoned calmly with ysself. I have laughed my ost folly to scorn. In vain-in vain. It goes, but ,",Overwork,? I maid, "insmam.ii too miany cigars, late bours; and had you been a dr uk ing man I should add, too much stimulant, hir too little food, anxiety, perhaps. Have you rail anything on your mind-any special worry!" C Of course I. have," he said, ettishly. litt 'Did I not tell you it is klling me? e " 'Vhat is killing you "" lot He rose and paced the room excitedly.; then alta suddenly he stopped short, and once more a fe clutchedmy arm. - 13 "A face," he said, wildly-"a man's face; he a fearful white face that comes to me; a hor- him rible mask, with features drawn as in agony- see ghastly, tPle, hideous! Death or approaching me death, ?alent death, written in every line. -st Everyfeature distorted. Eyes starting from disi the head. Every cord in the throat standing can out, strained as by mortal struggle. Long sprw dark hair lying flat and wet. Thin lips mov. tell ing and working-lips that are cursing, al- wer though I can hear no sound. Why should this whi come to me-- why to me ? Who is this dead ang man whose face wr.cks my life! Frank, my tho brother, if this is disease or madness, cure me; is ; if net, let me die." Clai His words, his gestures, sent a cold thrill hap through me. Hewa worse, far worse, than I mo had feared. I - "Claud," I said, "you are talking nonsense. T Cure you ! of course I iean to cure you. Now men sit down, collect yourself, and tell me how this pau! hallucination comes." a st "Comes ! How does it come ? It gathers won in corners of the room; it forms and takes look shape; it glares at me out of the wnall; it looks up at me freomthe floor. Ever the same fearful white dying face, threatening, cursing, some times mocking. Vhy does it come ?" I had already told the poor fellow why it It came, but it was no use repeating my words. "Tell me, when you see it," I asked; "at are night-in darkness?" , ne He hesitated, and seemed troubled. "No, n never atnight. In broad daylight only. That end to me is the crowning terror, the ghastliness of and it. At night I could call it dream. Frank, erac believe me. lam no weak fool. For weeks I glot have borne with this. At last it has conquered the me. Send it away, or I shall go mad." wht "I'll send it away, old boy, never fear. Tell and me, can you see it now ?" "No; thank God, not now." at t "Have you seen it to-day?" pert "No ; to-day I have been free from it" . gi " Well, you'll be free from it to-morrow, and lea the next day, and the next. It will be gone hog for ever before you leave me. Now come and has see Mary and the babies. I haven't even asked cov you how Mrs. Despard is." , A curious look crossed his face. "I think lool she grows more beautiful einiy day," he said. Then he seized my hand. "Oh, Frank,"-h oing exclaimed, "rid me of this horror, and I shall be the happiest man in the world." weI o"All right," I answered, perhaps withmore ut confidence than I felt. a Although I made light of it to my patient, feel his state greatly alarmed me. I hastened to put him under the strictest and most aproved treatnent. I enforced the most rigid sump- the tuar- laws, made him live on plain food, and docked his consumption of toacco unmerci- the fully. In a few days I was delighted to line find that my diagonosis of the case was cor rect. Claud was rapidly recovering tone. In lous a week's time he seemed quite restored to health. - to The days went by. As yet Claud had said his nothing abloit leaving me; yet, unless the date T cas ones morehadjorned, he was to be married p on the 19th. I did' . counsl.-him to lest- wit pone the happy day. _ He wins by now so.ivell that I thought he could not do bettter' thia id-' here to his arransguent. A month'o holiday, ad spent in the society of the- woman- he loved, wit would, I felt certain, comjlete:his, cure, and 11pr banish for ever that grizly intruder begotten of 'F disorganised nerves. in a From the monotonous regularity and volu- chla minous nature of their correspondence it was oIlfe evident, delay andseparatioi notwithstandin tlir that matters were going on quite smoothly pen between Claud ad Judith Despard. Every " c day he received and wrote a long letter. eau Nevertheless, it was not until the 16tht of the lt month that I knew exactly what ho meant tofr 3 do about his marriage. - "Frank," he said "you have been wonder fully kind to me. I believe you have saved at t my life, or at least my reagon. ;Will you do something more for me?" . " Wa "Even unto If my k " -n 'uiIl absoltely dreao returning to "a. : con any rte, I ish to stay there no longer than e is needful. Thursday morning I must, of. course, be there, to be married You.,think me cured, Frank ?' he added abruptly. fo "Honestly, yes. If you take care of your- fo self yon will be troubled no mren.". VWednesday-then I need only be there for aga few hours. Will you do this for me--o up n con Wednesday morning, see Judith; and explain Bi how it is that I shall not see her until wse meet in the church?" ' " Certainly, if you wish it. But you had de better write as well." l-l "Yes, I shall do that. There are several ca other little things you must see for me. The tio license I haoe, but you mustlet the clergyman know. You had better go and seeomyprtndras Theymay think it strange if I marry and go w ?'ithout a word." hi Ta inkidgit better that he should.have his B own ayr, I promised to do as he wished. to Uposn em arrival in tosn en Wedsnesds y alter loon I went straight to Mlrs. Despoarfis. I was i nlbossrry to have this Opportunity- of seeing Ja' -her alone.. I wished to urge- upon her ther a 'niessity of being careful that Claod did not st oin ti get- into that highly irought nervous state, from which my treatment had so happily at extricated him.n 'She weas not looking so wel as when last I ve idweher. At time.s her manner was r-.stless, and oslbe'eemed striving to supprhes agitatislt. hit She made no adverse comments ou her lovers strange whin of reaching town to-iorrow only l in time for the cersemony. Herinquirie as to 5 his health were most" solicitous, amd wheut I told her that I no longer feared aiything on it his account, her heart-felt sigh of relief told w me how deelply she loved him. . Presently she looked me full in the face. ti Her eyes were half closed, but I could see an i anxiours,i eer luok inthem. "He saws face," ti he said. Has it left him?' hi "He told you of his eueer hallucination, then? " P "No; but once or twice when sitting with e he sprang to his feet and muttered: ' Oh, that face! that hastly, horrible face I can d bear it no longer !' Then lie rushed wildly from the room. What face did he see, Dr. s r"Morton?" -f To set her mind at rest, I gave her a little It cscientific discourse, which explained to her e howu such moentl, phenomena were brought abo ut She listened attentively, and seened Satisfied Thein -I bado her adieu until to t morrow Thema ge was to be of the qiet- kind. mI oaundthat far. Despard had made no-ar- a mcntfor raiy friend to accmepony her; a o, setting all rules of etiquette at defiance, 1' suggested that, although the bridegroom's \- brother, I should call for h in therhr morning a onciduct her to the church. To this she n readily eonsented. 1 Soinshow that evening I did not carry ascay such a ple-sing impression of my brothers 05 bride as f did when first I met lier. n I'en Ve no ren.on for this except that I was not rgetful of my wife'o cusation, that when is- first I met Judith Despard I had been darried s oy by the glamor fher beuty, and thoughtab o l of nothing ecse. As I walked to Cloud's x o rsses,oliichI oIcuied for the night, I al at remoc tted that hl had been so hasty--cer taiidy aisihed that we ktew more of his 05 bride. But it was now too late for regets or '' I rolled fore Mrs. Dopard at the aplqiuted it, hour, and found her quite ready to start Her iet dress 'os 1,ilain and smmpe-l cainniot describe ,,t it; bftI sawthti despite of her sexeive is p-llorelie looked ver" beautifuL -In the car riago on our way to thle chlurcll she was very sileiit, answeririg my remarks with msnosylla bles. I left her in peace, suppening.that at such a momient every woman must be more or less agitated. When the arriage dren up at the church I door, the bride laid her hand upon my arm. 1 could feel that she uas trembling. "Claud nIy be here" she asked. "Nothhtg will sto p iNothing. But I may as well stp out and hot se-s that he is waiting." Yes, Claud was in the church waiing for us. ni monedthe curate; and Judith Despard, my brother, and myself walked up to the altar rails. - Claud looked very well that morning; a little fagged, perhaps, but the long night jour ney would account for that. He certainly looked proud and happy as he stood on the altar step side by side with the woman who in a few minutes would be his wife. But before the curate had finished reading he opening address a great change came over him. From where I was standing I could only see his side face, but tlhat was enough to show me that he was suffering from some agitation -something far above the nervousness so often displayed by a bridegroom. A deadly pallor came over his face, small beads of perspiration sprang to his brow, and I noticed that those tell-tales of mental disturbances, the hands, were so tightly clinched that the knncklesgrew white. It was evident that he was suffering anguish of some kind, and for a moment I thought of stopping the service. But the rite is but a short one, and from whatever cause Claud's agitation might proceed, it was per haps better to trust to him to curb it for a few moments than to make a scene. Nevertheless I watched him intently and anxiously. Then came the charge to declare anyimpedi ment. As the curate made the conventional pause, Claud, to my surprise, glanced round in a startled way, as if fearing that his marriage would at the last moment be forbidden. The look on his face ?as now one of actual terror. (To be concluded in our next.) 