[?] Cricket GoBsip. . BT CEK60B. The. display of cricket on the Association Ground on Saturday last in the cap match between the Albert and Cariton Clubs -was not edifying as an exhibition of first-class cricket. The batting on both sides was especially weak ! the efforts of the Albeit weQders of the -willow not being above second eleven form. The Cariton men made a big score, which they could scarcely help doing considering the quality of the opposing bowling. Noun's 77 was a good but not a first -class exhibition, . his defence being ex ceedingly stalled and cramped in the early part of his innings. He has an excellent eye, however, and his success appears to me to be due to the careful manner in which he watches the ball. His cricketing tour in the old country lias not improved his style, which will never be attractive, Qn the leg side he is very weak, and he allowed many loose balls outside his legs to go .unpunished. . To the fast bowling he was more at home than when opposed to D. Gregory's slow deliveries. However, he makes the runs, fad the score book is the place to look for a man's form. Young Leary hit vigorously, but very much across at times. He will, if he remedies that defect, develope into a capable batsman. Eight bowlers were tried on the Albert eide, and as far as regards quality they were ' six of one and a half a dozen of the other 'kind. D. Gregory appeared to puzzle the batsmen now and then, but a good ball was generally followed by a couple of loose ones. A couple of good bowlers are sadly needed in the Albert ranks. In fact,, among the clubs of Sydney, bowling is the weak branch of the game. For the Alberto Harris batted in the best style, his cutting being smart and well-timed. Hamsworth batted vigorously for his 19, and H. Ellis, a stalwart young player from the Double Bay Club, rattled up his 14 (not out) in a style which elves promise of better things. Though he ??pulls ' the rail round to the on code, he lays the wood on With earnestness and appears to have plenty of nerve. I never saw Turner in better form with the ball. He made great pace from the pitch and was well on the wicket. At the conclusion of one of the matches played in Sydney between the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team and the Australian Eleven an objection was made by theAustralians at Barlow cutting up the turf with knife like spikes when bowling, rendering it unfit for the Australians to bat upon. Barlow replied that Spofforth's action with bis feet when delivering the ball did greater damage to the turf. Spofforth, however, denied that he wilfully cut up the turf, and on exhibiting the sole of his boots it was seen he had but one spike under each foot to assist him .in his delivery of the ball. Much capital was made out of Spofforth's action, and it was inferred that he deliberately injured the turf in order to handicap the opposing batsmen. A writerin London Figaro thusrefers to the practice : — ' I am glad to see that attention has been called to a practice which, it is said, is growing amongst roundhand bowlers. It will be remembered that one of the objections raised to the Australians' play was that the bowler at one end would in course of time shape with his foot a depression in the ground, which the bowler from the other wicket could turn to account in his delivery of the ball. I must add that I never thought much of the objection. Swift bowlers, with/pronounced action, are well nigh bound to make a depression in the gronnd if they are kept on long ; and what was attributed to malice was very probably the result of chance. And in the same way the objection now raised may also be due to ohanoe; though, I admit, it is difficult to believe that what, is conplained of has not been purposely done. This complaint is that certain swift bowlers have been in the habitrecently ot raising with their luigeniBdltheseam, which, aseveryoneknowswhohaehandied a cricket ball, enemies it. By constant manipulation it is possible, I am assured, to so far raise the edges of the seam fes to appreciably affect the delivery of the ball. Cricketers will understand me when I say that the result of it is to put Bnore.'biaV' on the ball. If this be really the case, and the M.C.C. can easily make inquiry, it ought, of course, to be stopped. Nor would it be difficult to put an end to it, for though no law of cricket distinctly forbids the raising of fiie seam of the ball, there is a general rule by which , Umpires are empowered to prevent anything that jb unfair.' It is stated that Murdoch is about to leave Cootamuhdra shortly and take up his residence in Melbourne, where he will practice as a solicitor. According to the rule adopted by our association, and agreed to by the sister association in Victoria, a four months' residence in either colony isrrauired before a player is qualified to take «art in an intercolonial -snatch .between Victoria and New South Wales. If Mur doch does not play for this colony, he will have to be an on looker. Palmer, who recently returned from Brisbane to Melbourne, will also according to the new rule be debarred from taking part in the next match. He will, however, be eligible for selection in the Victorian team, if the return isployodhere late in February. With Spofforth playing for Victoria, M'Donnell for New South Wales, and Palmer and Murdoch excluded, the Intercolonial match at Mel bourne during the Christmas week will be robbed of much of its usual interest. The bite frequent migrations of cricketers from one colony to another promise to deprive -mr time-honoured intercolonial contests of their repre sentative cjiaracter. The cricketing contributor to the Brisbane Courier thus refers to the condition of the Queensland Cricket Associa tion: — 'A fortnight ago I referred in rather strong terms to the very unsatisfactory state of the Queensland Cricket Association, more especially from a «™*nrf«.V point of view. Not a single statement I made has sinije 'been challenged, but the association still remains in the same condition. Surely this is far from creditable to our local cricketers, who, knowing the worst, ought to put their shoulders to the wheel and place matters on a different footing. The subject has now been talked over for nynnjflm, but the period for talk is passed if any well-directed attempt is to be made to form a really useful association upon the nucleus of the body which is for aU practical purposes effete. As affairs now stand, the association is a reproach to every leading club in Brisbane, and I fail to see how the old delegates can shirk the responsibility that rests . upon them of at least initiating some movement with a view to effecting a-much-to-be-desired reformation and improvement. The greatest difficult to be encountered is the adverse balance of some £70 odd, but I fancy that xnixht be overcome by 70 of the principal cricketers con tributingeach£ltowipeofftnedebt. I trust, before another week, to hear that something has been done in Hie matter.' In a recent match played at Adelaide between the South ?Afl«ln.Mi» tmft VtinHmareh Clubs JflLTvis made exactly a oenturyfor the latter club, and never gave ' the ghost of a chance.' In the recent match between the Albert and Cariton dubs a curious point arose. D. Gregory bowled a ball to miiottwhoranouttohitit, thns enabling the wicket keeper to stump him. The batsman was ao far out of his ground that he walked away and was apparently satisfied teat the wic&et-keeper; had dismissed him. When he had gone as Jar as the pavilion, which was behind the line of the wickets, the umpire was asked how it was. 'He replied 'not out,', thereupon the wicket keeper took up the ball and knocked the. wicket dtwn. and the urqpire upon being appealed to said ' not out/' Was the ball in play after fbVwjcket keeper had thrown it down when he thought he had stumped the batEmanF Ithinkitwas.andthattheman was not out Moreover Elliott oouH not be runout when he had departed behind the wickets toward the pavilion. A similar case occoredin an intercolonial match some years ago in the Domain, G. Marshall being the wicket keeper and S. Jones the batsman. It does not say roach for the ardourof onrcricketere when flte Domain ground on a magnificent day like Monday last ] was comparatively deserted. In the expectation of witness ing a day's good cricket, a good sprinkling of fhe public wended their way towards that historic convincing ground, it having been notified in the press that the first elevens of the Cariton and Warwick clubs would meet there. The Cariton men were there, bnt the Warwicke came not— a want of cricketing Brant on the part of the latter club which is not creditable to diem, to say nothing of their discourtesy to their opponents who thus had their holiday thrown away. .Bruce the young Victorian bowler, was in great form last Saturday. Flaying for the Melbourne Club against St. Kilda he captured seven wickets for 26 rune. Palmer, who bowled at tee other end, obtained three for a like number of runs, and scored 34, not out. With Palmer and Bruce, and Blackham behind the sticks, the M. C. C. has a formidable team. At a special meeting of the Victorian Cricket Association, held on Wednesday, night, the question as to the removal of the disqualification of those .Victorian players who had refused to play against the English team came under notice. Mr. Browning spoke to his motion that the dis qualification of r-artmn of the members of the late Australian Eleven be minded. Mr. H. Budd said that he could not second the rescinding of the motion of the associa tion, yet he would be glad to support a motion to remove that disqualification if it were so worded as not to imply that the association disapproved of their previous action. Mr. H. 8. Barlow agreed with Mr. Budd. The original resolution was that the selector of teams be instructed that he should not choose those players, so now the best way to act would be to instruct him that he might choose them. Mr. Browning moved, end Mr. Budd seconded, the motion, as follows, which was .. carried unanimously,- — -* That the selector of teams be informed that he is now at liberty to select any member of the late Australian Eleven in matches to be played upfo** *^p auspices of this association.' A general meeting was then held, at which the question of sending an eleven home to England was brought forward. Mr. Bow proposed, and Mr. Bishop seconded, the following motion, which was carried unanimously, — ' That, .inasmuch as the New South Wales Cricket Association decline to join in sending an eleven to England next season, it is not advis able for this association to proceed further in the matter.' Letters were then read firing ihe date of the match with New South Wales on December 26, and with South Aus tralia on January 22, 1886. The meeting then adjourned for a fortnight. The only way in which the quality of the country players can be ascertained is by their contact with the metropolitan cricketers. ' The visits of our leading junior clubs to the jCountry districts on holidays are therefore of the ([highest value.. The jgajt of the Oriental team to Singtenfii has Termed Ihe good opinion which the last 'Kngtiwn eleven and other visiting clubs formed of the capabilities of Mather as a cricketer. He is a splendid batsman, with good defence and great bitting power, an excellent change bowler, and a grand field. His. innings of 186 is described by the Orientals as being a splendid display of flashing cricket. Mr. Gregory, the selector of teams, might be induced to give the countryman a trial, for if all that is said of his skfll be true he will turn out a worthy intercolonial candidate. Surely the association can find sufficient money to locate him .in Sydney for a week or two on trial prior to our men starting for .Melbourne.' Some of the fossil element might well give place in the practice list to a young player of such apparent promise as Mather. On Saturday last the Carthona Club visited Goulbnm to play the local team. After a splendidly contested game the Goulburn players gained a victory by four wickets. The scores were; Carthona, first innings, 79; second innings, 65 ; Goulburn, first innings, 88 ; second innings, six wickets for . 67 runs. For the victors Moon scored 27 and not out 0 ; Kelly 3 and 21 ;? and Ferguson and Belcher 13 each. For Carthona Kelly made 35 and 6, Robinson 1 and 36 not out, Baxter 14 and 0, and Leggat 13 and 2. Ireland and Cleeve divided the. bowling honours for the Carthonas, while the most successful bowlers on the part of the victors were Knopp and Ferguson. The Goulburn players followed up their success on Saturday by defeating the Manly team on Monday last at Goulburn by five wickets. The visitors went .first to the wickets and sccred 56, Rawson with 32 being top scorer. . The Goulburn eleven made 75, Ferguson being the highest scorer with 29. In their second essay the Manly men made 99, leaving Goulburn -81 runs to get in order to win. This they succeeded in doing with the loss of five wickets. Hayes, of Goulburn, with 28, was the highest scorer. The wicket did not play well ; hence the small scoring. An interesting feature of the match . played at West Maitland on Saturday between the- local team and the Orientals was the appearance of the veteran Sam Cos stick, known to all cricketers throughout the land as the «ole hoss.' The ancient one bowkd a wicket, but ap parently did not care about careering after 1he leather. When the ball came in his way Sam gave an appealing look to the nearest fieldsman, which was generally successful. The veteran evidently thinks the young 'uns ought to do the 'bullocking.' A few seasons back there was no more promising batsman among the metropolitan players than J. Seale. When ho was just coming on he was removed to the country, and it is pleasing to learn that his long period of rustication has not impaired his powers. Playing for the Albion Club, Maitland, against the Orientals, on Saturday last, he com piled a century by genuine cricket, his opponents averring that his fine, free, and upright style of batting was a treat to witness. Cricketers and footballers will rejoice to hear that the Agricultural Society intend levelling the whole of the large area of ground inside the new trotting track for cricketing and football purposes, and before next cricket season comes round special attention will bo given to the preparation of a good sound turf . Matting is all very well as an improve ment upon rough and uneven ground, but it cannot com pare with true springy turf . Cricket wijl never prosper in Sydney until we have plenty of good sound turf wickets, like they have in Melbourne. Last Saturday and Monday seem to have been prolific of century scores. In addition to those already mentioned, our old friend Percy Waddy made 127 for the Albion Club against the Oriental, while Baxter for Carthona against Goulburn also gained century distinction, playing a very fine innings without giving a palpable chance. A word to the Junior Association about the selection of the team to oppose the Victorian juniors on Boxing Day on the Association Cricket Ground. There is immense difficulty in selecting an eleven, and it is not an easy matter to decide as to the best mode of selection. Some say the whole 'com- mittee of 4he association should select it, and others think i committee of five should be appointed for the purpose. I would advise the association to appoint a committee of three persons conversant with the play of the juniors, and mat they be «i-W1i«1 with no conditions in the matter of their choice. Whatever team is selected, there is sure to be a deal of 'grumbling ; but let the committee pass that by, and select the very best men, no matter if nearly all the eleven have to come from one club. The junior dubs. are asked to {forward the names of players whom they think eligible for selection, which would' give a field of about a, hundred to choose from. Would it not be far better to pick 3ut 20 players to go into practice at once? The committee srould men be able to ascertain which arc the best men. If they had a hundred candidates for selection they would cer tainly be bewildered. All cricketers throughout the colonies will«gret to learn hat the ever-popular Ted Evans is at present seriously ill [com a severe sunstroke. It has affected poor Evans's mind, md his friends' are apprehensive as to his condition. It is certain he will not be able to play for this colony in Ihe. intercolonial match atMelbourne. ' I hajve to write, also, in a doleful strain' of another old sicketer, E. Tindall, whose'eondition is critical. Some time tgo Tindall had a stroke of paralysis, from which he gradu illy recovered. He felt himself sufficiently strong to cam nence cricket this season. One day last week, however, he [ell down in a fit, and is now confined to his house. 'Mr. A. P. Lucas, the well-known B English amateur srickcter, arrived in Melbourne by the laguria. Just -ef ore leaving ihe old country Mr. Lucas was married to tfiMLuckrafV daughtier of Captam Luckraft, EJSi. The bridesmaids' dresses were adorned with I Zingari ribbons. Jir. and Mrs. Lucas intend remaining some time in the colonies, so we may have the pleasure of seeing the famous amateur wield the willow. Arrangements have been made for a team of our second juniors to meet the Victorian juniors on the Agricultural Society's Ground on New Year's Day and the following Saturday The match in looked forward to with great interest among the youngsters. Our Bourke correspondent [telegraphs that the gates, booths, and stand in connection with the Bourke versus Nyngan cricket match have realised £19. ? The handsome challenge shield presented by Mr. F. Condy, of Oxford-street, to the Public schools Cadet Corps was won on Saturday by Corporal N. J. Mackenzie, Sydney High school, alter a close contest. 