SPOUTING NOTES. THE TURF. Vjcroim* JIacinlj Cluh, (FROM OUU MELBOURNE COKllESl'OXDKKT.) Thtirsduy, 12th February. The gene ml entries for the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting to be held ou 2Sth February, 5th March and 7th March closed this afternoon, and through the promptness of tlic officials of the club we arc enabled to give the names of the horses entered for the various events. Essknhon Stakks.—Itfalua, Yellow Hammer, Regi uuld, Commotion, Plausible, The Pluuger,' Metal, Le Grand, OlY Color. Hopeful Stakes.—Derision, Meerschaum, First Pop, Jttanua, Brolla, Gorotla, Buttress, Arsenal, Glen livet, Delamia, Egbert, "Wildrakc, Wuruia, Lady Claudia, Sunny Days, Abner, Matchlock, TJralla, Hamp stead, Ironside, Procella, Renins, Cyclops, Mountain Lass, Manchester, Antonio. Brunswick Stasks.—Odd Trick, Hobart, Warfiold, Waverley, Xing'of the Gipsies, Gra j Darling, StaiYord, Sard ins, Distiller, Lord "Wilton, Fryiir^pan, Laving* on, Madcap, Sirocco, Tremando, Little Sister, Conjecture, Coningsby, Duration, Anglesey, Gohauna, Meutmore, Camerine, Stationer, Helens, Fa\uf Finder, St. Leo nards, Colstoun, Welcome Jack, Buttalious, Happy Thought, Brown and Rose. Hukdle Race.— Flamborough, Breuda, Echo, Sink ing Fund, Cockboat, Don Alonzo, Hazard, Sundowner, Belle Braudon, Gasalicr, Don Quixote, Old Soul, The A:,'ont, Lady Teazle, Insolvent, Faultfinder, St. Leonards, Student. Corinthian Ciu\—Waverl?y, Bronda, King of the Gipsies, Achilles, The Ghost, StaiYord, Yellow Ham mer, Imperial, Distiller, Hazard, Lavington, Athenian Pailieroo, Don Quixote, Colstoun, Royal Irishman Duration, Ironmaster, Student, Happy Thought, Die tutor. Stei:vi.eciiase.—Echo, Clifton, Hector, Blackthorn Beresford, Pemberley, Mernder, Morveu, Fictitious, Chrysalis, Tricket, Clarence. 'J'jin Burgk Handicap.—Stoppro, Mozart, Hobart, Wariield, Waverley, King of tho Gipsies, Duenna, Town Moor, Hippogritf, Blink Bonny, Bohemian, Surprise, Topaz, Hurricane, St. Lawrence, Leporello, Lord Wilton, Manfred, Frying Pan, Gipsy's Warning, Lavington, Madcap, Paiileroo, Mookni, Carbuncle, Salvo, Sirocco, Heteno, Sir Garnet, Ringwood, Sta tioner, Country Boy, St. John, Claptrap, Xantippe, Prometheus, ilnrioLouise,Coningsby, Dirk Hatteraick, Colstouu, Royal Irishman, Folorn Hope, Alphabet, Meteor, Mascotte, Battalious, Happy Thought, Garfield, Palerenda, Dictator, Maiden Stakls.—Achilles, Nuncia, Sinking Fund, Yasco, Distillery, Prime Minister, Stornaway, Conjec ture, Darrell, Coningsby, Duration, Marie Louise, Gohanna, Dargo, Sir Garnet, Lady Lovelace. Nurseut Handicap.—Lady Wilton, The Treasure, Mountain Lass, Matchlock, Uralla, Evi, I.O.U., Fern side, Hampstead, Procella, Remus, Cyclops, Ocista, Solo, Violet, Derision, Meerschaum, Juanna, Brella, Buttress, Arsenal, Glenlivet, Delainia, Egbert, Sauvig non, Narina, Ulalame, Sunny Days, Abner, Munches* tor, Uralla, Antonio. Autumn Handicap.—Odd Trick, Hobart, Wariield, Blink Bonny, Sheet Anchor, Acolyte, Lord Wilton, Athenian, Stornaway, Tremnndo, Bargo, Little Sister, Conjecture, Coronet, Precious Stone, Anglesey,Ilelcne, Quality, Cauierino, The Agent, Country Boy, and Ring wood, Minerva, Welcome Jack, Brown and Rose. All Aoed Stakes.—Mozart, Malua, Fryingpan, Lady Claudia, Uralla, Matchlock, Monte Christo, Sil ver King, I.O.U., Dtiulop, The Broker, Couingsby, Garfield, Brown and Rose, Antouio. Free Handicap.—Tho Agent, Country Boy, Sir Garnet, Stationer, Holene, Stafford, Hobart, Warfield, Waverley, King of the Gipsies, Duenna, Tom Moore, Grace Darling, Hippogritf, Topaz, Sardius, Distiller, Hurricane, Acolyte, Reginald, Lord Wilton, Gipsy's Warning, Lavington, Madcap, Paiileroo, JJed o' the Hills, Sirocco, Don Quixote, Mascotte, liargo, Little Sister, Meteor, Conjecturo, Alphabet, Forlorn Hope, Comet, Colstoun, Anchorite, Dirk Hatteraick, Precious Stone, Duration, Anglesey, Marie Louise, Meutmore, Prometheus, Minerva, Welcome Jack, Battalious, Happy Thought. CRICKET. The match between the Excelsior and Congregational clubs resulted in an easy viciory for tho Excelsior by 77 runs, the scores being—Excelsior 115, and Congre gational 3S, and nine wickets for 33. The highest scorers for tho winners were—M'Callnm 30, Parker 21, Southby 20, M'Donald 15; and for tho losers—Brown 10, and Roberts 5. The bowliug honors were divided between Pollett and M'Douald, who were very destruc tive, the former doing the ''liat trick," and for tho losers Brown and Bennett bowled well. Tho match between the Eaglehawk United and 15 Xortli Bendigo Juniors, was played in the Park on Wednesday, and the result shows that the seniors were completely over-matched. The Eaglehawk were dis posed of for uS runs; Hayman contributed 21 out of the total. Harry obtained six wickets for 11 runs, and Knape two wickets for two runs. To realise a victory proved no ditliculty to the Juniors, who when time was called had scored G-l runs for the loss of four wickets, thus winning the game by 2t> runs and eleven wickets. T. Hicks, who went in first, was not out with 27, uud Roberts made 20 in a very short period. Harvey and M'Donnell bowled well for Eaglehawk. Heart of Friendship v. Lo}al Darling Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F. on the North Bendigo ground to-morrow. Heart of Friendship team—G. Vafiopulous, R. Gret grix, Wm. Noleu, O'Connor, Marcliingo, Davies, Roberts, M'Mahon, De Wilton, Riviere, Simmonds, Wiisou, Soymour. Loyal Darling team—Calverley, Roberts (2), Trowern, Roach, Hicks, Chappie, Thomas, Casey, R. Youlden, S. Harry. Reserve—W. Christian, S. Dennis, B. Champion, W. Oweu. Golden-square v. second eleven North Bondigo Juniors at North Bendigo. Square team—Comber, Dull", Wilson, James, Whitford, Owen, Sellers, Fran cis, Evans. Hunter, Dean, Doney, Deoble, Westaway, Knight, Gibson, Andrews, Trovarrow, Blurton. North 13endigo Juniors' team—Rosewarne, Melloy, Martin, Casey, Reed, Williams, Y. Pabst, Wilson, Stephens, M'Calluui, and Saundry, Reserve—F. Thomas and Sandow, The match between tho Melbourne Cricket Club and a combined fifteen from Sandhurst, CasMotnaine, and Kvneton on tho Melbourne Cricket ground to-morrow should prove very interesting. The game will com mence at one o'clock sharp, and lunch will be served in the pavilion at noon before tho game starts. Sand hurst and Castlemaino each soud six men, and Kyno ton three. The Bondigo contingent comprises J. Boswick, R. Bruce, G. Mackay, A.Mackay, Manallack, and Youlden. B.U.C.C. v. Yiew Point, at Back Crook to-morrow. B.U.C.C. team:—Bayliss, Clark, Connelly, Hamilton, W. Harry, Houston, Osborne, Parker, A, J. Pearco, Robin, and Sarvaas; reserve, Gumbetta. Southern Cross v. West Bendigo at WestBeudigo to morrow. Cross team :—Hamiltou, Hogan, Powell, Kerr, BolTey, Grelis, Barratt, Hardie, Considine, Downes, Haddon, Stephens, Hewitt, Butler. E.U.C.C. against tho Eaglehawk Juniors (15) in the Parle to-morrow. Eaglehawk team:—Gray, Hayman, R, Harvey, Jackson, Llowollyn, J. Oates, Davey, Cur tain, Taylor, Turner, W. Oates; reserve, Walker, Keast Smith. West End v. Crown (socond eleven) at Redan Hill to morrow. West End team :—Atkinson, Dean, Trevnr row, Kclynack, Payne, Widdop, Martin, Pollard Sou tham, Skudder, and Bishop; reserve, Pringle, Capper, and Prior. Myors:street v. Advertiser in Upper Reserve to-inor-. row. Myers-street team Hamilton, Rundle, Emmett, Hunter, O'Flaherty, G. Allday, Pownall, Honeybono, Hastings, R. Southby, O'Donohoo, Findley. Adver tiser team:—Barry, Brow, Briggs, Brcnnau, Stevens (2), Cummins, Robertson, Cantwoll, Bull, Barrass. Twenty-seven members of the Ramblers' Bicyclo Club and 13 members of the Sandhurst Cycliug Club turned out on Weduesday last to play tho return cricket match at Kangaroo Flat. Tho Ramblers were vic torious, beatiug their opponents by S runs, tho scores being Ramblers 41, Sandhurst 33. For the Sandhurst, Howell 17, Powell 7, were tho highest scorers, whilst Hutchius and Hilsou did tho damage with the ball. For tho Ramblers', Doble 12, Barker 11, and Luxton 7 were the highest run getters, whilst Doblo and Luxton shared'honors with tho ball. Doblo did the hat trick. At six o'clock three cheers were giveu' and a start made for home.' The two uniforms combined formed quite au attractivo sight, the muster for the return journey being 30 wheoluieu. AQUATICS. Thf. Hanlan-Ouffokd Race. The following is Hanlan's acconufc of tl\eraco,as communicated to a reporter of the Sydney Daily Ttlc<jniphi-r.ii For the first mile and a half Clifford kept so well up with me, at one time haying, I believe, a slight" advantage, tln\t I thought his endurance \vould \year jno down. J wont away, as I nearly always do, At a big rat©* and X saw at once tl^at Clifford meant business too. I looked at every ijiaw then, and really it seemed either that ho was much bigger than lie really was, or I nuich smaller. His size so appalled me, and I was so scared to seo him kdeping up with mo in the first mil#, and with me again at a mile and a half, where I expected to have a lead of several lengths, that I feel now surprised and can hardly believe that I won tho race. I only know that I have won. You don't know how glad I was to sec this big man ease off at tho mile and a half, and Clifford's friends were so confident of him at this point that they invested a very largo amo,uftfc of level money on the race, aud I caUW* fiear the shouts all round of "Clifford will win." I am glad that my friends accepted these liberal wagers. It does seem indeed a mystery to me that I should have beaten a man 2st 2lbs heavier than I am after a mile and a half in a three mile raco. I did not think to myself, 'I have got him ' till I reached Gladesville. I kept a watchful eye on him all the time. At tho start I broke away onco or twico before ho was ready, and I thinlc it was tho third time I called to hun tha^tya Went away. I shall never forget his qi^o' as*it appeared to mo at that moment." Anyhow, he is tho biggest man I ever saw in a boat, and I don't want to row him any more. I prefer little men, and I think it is time anyhow that you Australians gave me a show with a man my own size. Now I don't waut you to think 1 am crowing, bantam-liko, of my littleness; but it is to me extraordinary that all your scullers that I have rowed with are the biggest in the world. There is no part of tho world where you would get four big champions of oho sporting profession like Beach, Trickett, Laycock, and Clifford." 