A Fatal Inheritance. CHAPTER VII. A SECRET CLUE. 'These terrible recollections are too much for you my dear Mrs. Rivers,' said Geraldine. 'They are dreadful to us; what must they not be to you? Pray do not dwell on them any longer." 'I shall not need to return to the most painful of them,' she answered. 'My story draws to a close. The new facts I had heard increased my anxiety to quit the scenes of my life's tragedy, and as soon as I could be moved they brought me here, where I have learnt something of my mother's peaceful resignation and my son's cheerful, earnest, cloudless piety. Indeed, through his affection, and my delight in his goodness, I am now enjoying a sort of Indian summer, the best part of which is me looking forward to reunion, which can not be far distant, with those dearest ones who have gone before." 'Dear Mrs. Rivers,' cried Geraldine, tear- fully clasping her hand, 'do not say so! At your age one may naturally look forward to many, many years." 'Not after my trials, and in my health,' said Mrs. Rivers. 'My dear, my existence is now a daily miracle. For the last two years I have grown rapidly more and more helpless. I cannot now bear to be taken out of doors, even so far as the lawn; soon I ex- pect to give up coming down stairs. Do not grivee, my love. I would not have it other- wise. All I am anxious for now is not to leave Ernest alone. I may linger many years, as you say, but I must become less and less companion for him. If I can but leave the care of his happiness in younger, stronger hands, my mind will be at ease. I shall be resigned to stay so long as it is heaven's will, but oh, how thankful and re- joiced to go!' Mrs. Rivers' look emphasized her words, but she said no more, evidently feeling that her son ought to plead his own cause. Geraldine, very shy and subdued, made no answer, but slowly drew on her gloves. "I don't like to leave you alone, dear Mrs. Rivers," she said at last, "after reviving such sad remembrances; but I fear it is time we started.' "Ernest will be home to dinner my dear. I shall not be long alone. Come and see me again as soon as you can." "What a strange, painful story!" said Geraldine, as she drove me back to Monk House. "Papa's other property is some- where in the North of England. I must ask him if he ever heard of Mr. Northcliff." "Does Mr. Monkhouse make a long stay when he goes there?" "Sometimes. It it is very uncertain, and he goes but seldom. He has no resi- dence there I believe for no one ever ac- companies him but Mr. Tyrrel. They merely collect rents and so on." When we entered the house Geraldine walked straight to the breakfast-room, with- out waiting to take off her hat. "Mamma," she cried, "I have heard such a strange thing to-day. Mrs. Rivers' real name is not Rivers, it is Northcliff!" Her mother uttered a loud cry, and fell fainting at Geraldine's feet. CHAPTER VIII. UNWELCOME LOVE. Rupert's attentions to me grew every day more marked and more unacceptable. He brought me flowers I would not wear, songs I would not sing, books would not read. He haunted my walks and disturbed my once peaceful hours in the church. The most provoking part of it was that he did not heed my discouragement in the least; he was not even put out of temper by it, but took it all with a sort of "I must prevail" air which would have placed me into oppo- sition even had I returned his preference, which was far from being the case. I had an ideal—oh, how different from him, with his handsome gloomy face and ab- rupt manner, his obstinate will and uncer- tain temper, his haughty reserve and scorn- ful self-assertion! What perplexed me greatly was that no one made any effort to separate us or can- trol him, that I was aware of—certainly not by appealing to me. I should have only too grateful for such support. Even Miss Monkhouse, whose disapproval was manifest, confined into generally in- creased ill-temper and asperity, and did not attempt to interfere. They all kept up the assumption of his de- votion to Angela, and would inquire if he had not been riding with her when they must have known he had been walking with me. Her sweet face grew even paler and more serious, but her gentle manner never varied, and no syllable of wounded pride or jealousy crossed her lips. Two or three days after a visit to Mrs. Rivers I was walking in the park, think- ing of her tragic story, when I heard a well- known footstep following. I turned on the path instantly, and met Rupert face to face. "Do yon want me, Mr. Monkhouse?" I asked, with all the indignation of my heart on my lips. "I am not Mr. Monkhouse," he answered, with an easy smile. "Do you want me, sir?" "Do I not always want you? Is there a moment in the day when I would willingly be parted from you? Do not affect to mis- understand me, Agnes. You know I am yours—yours alone, yours always, yours en- tirely!" "Let go my hand, sir—you insult me by such words." He turned deadly pale. 'What do you mean? What insult is there in true love?' 'It is insulting from you, because in my dependent position I can neither resent nor escape from it. It is insulting from you because it is not really yours to offer. You know yon are not free." A bitter oath escaped him. Suddenly his manner softened. 'Is that all that comes between us?' he asked tenderly. 'I will be free, and then —then, Agnes, will you have another answer for me?' and then 'No,' I said, 'no other answer, whatever happens; happiness cannot be built on treachery, and pain given to another. False to Angela, how could I expect you to be true to me?' 'Angela—Angela—always Angela! I am sick to death of the name. I never loved her. I yielded like a fool to the will of those around me, but then I had not seen the woman I prefer to all the world. No power upon or above the earth shall make me keep my promise to her now!' I was terrified by his vehemence, and the angry fire of his glance. His grasp on the hand he had taken unconsciously tightened till I screamed with pain. Then he released it with a mortified look. 'I beg your pardon,' he said hastily, 'I will not urge you for another answer now. At some future time—at some future time—' he left me abruptly in agitation and haste, muttering angrily to himself. Hurrying on my way, lest Rupert should change his mind and return, I proceeded so swiftly down the path that I brushed against some one unawares. Looking up to apologise, the words died on my lips; there before me stood—surely the ghost of Mr. Monkhouse!—white-faced, worn, with fixed expressionless eyes which looked at without seeing me, and pale lips which quivered without uttering a sound. My fear of the living vanished before my fear of the living-dead. Flying back on the path by which I had come, I looked for Rupert in vain. How gladly would I have welcomed him then! Breathless, trembling, the only person I saw, and that not till I entered Geraldine's garden, was Miss Monkhouse. Even my awe of her could not restrain me. Unable to utter a sound, I grasped her dress to detain her. She looked at me with stern inquiry, but waited for me to speak. 'Miss Monkhouse, I have just met your brother, looking like a ghost.' 'Nonsense,' she cried, sharply. 'My brother is in the north, with Mr. Tyrel.' 'I know it; that is why I was so terrified. I am sure something must have happened to him.' 'You have seen some one slighlty resembl- ing him—in height or age—and have frightened youself. Go to your room and lie down at once, or you will be ill. I will see what has alarmed you.' 'Let me go with you—do not go alone!' 'Do not be foolish,' she said, but more gently. 'Take my advice at once. I am not given to fancies, and do not know what it is to be frightened.' I watched her walk rapidly towards the park, and then entered the house, almost ready to disbelieve my own senses at her bidding. I went to my room, and took her advice as to laying down, but I could not sleep, and after a low restless minutes I rose, changed my dress, and joined Mrs. Monkhouse in the drawing-room. She was a little bettor than usual, and for a wonder, trying to do some work. 'Have you walked far to-day my dear? she asked; addding, when I replied in the negative, 'Then you are not very tired?' 'Not at all.' 'I should really be so very much obliged if you would walk across the park and see if you can match this wool for me. If Miss White has not the exact shade, you might perhaps choose one that would harmonise, which I cannot trust the servants to do. You don't object, my dear?'—for I suppose my hesitation was pretty apparent. I did very greatly object, but of course I could not refuse. The nearest way to the one small fancy repository of the village was close by the scene of my late alarm, but, as I could not speak of this to Mrs. Monkhouse I prepared to start. The rainy season of my arrival at Monk- House had been succeeded by warm bright weather like a return of summer; this in its turn had passed, and now it was genuine autumn, and my path was thickly strewn with fallen leaves, whose soft rustling and rich scent are always beautiful to me. I met no one in the park but a solitary woodcutter; but as I passed through the gates I heard the rattle of horses' hoofs on the road, and, looking down it, I saw Geraldine and Mr. Rivers. One glance at their radiant faces was enough. I saw that he had 'put his fate to the touch' at last, and that they were in all the first felicity of avowed affection. After a hasty greeting they cantered across the park, and I pursued my way and per- formed my errand, not without many wist- ful glances through the tress as I returned in the deepening twilight. When I went to take my shawl off, Geral- dine joined me, blushing, shy, and lovely. 'My dearest,' I said, 'I know I have to congratulate you—and most warmly, most gladly I do so.' Indeed I was so very happy that I sur- prised myself with a burst of sympathetic tears. 'Why, Agnes, how could you tell what I had to say?' 'It was quite apparent. Both of you carried your good news in your faces just now.' 'Oh, were they such dreadful tell-tales as that? Agnes, I am so happy, I don't know what to do. Don't you think I am the luckiest girl in the whole world?' 'I think you quite deserve your good fortune, and that you will make Mr. Rivers as happy as he will make you.' 'Oh, I will try, all my life; and his dear mother. Just fancy what a change it will be! What a delightful home to go to after this! How can I ever be worthy of such happiness?' "The wish to do so proves the worthiness, my dear." She shook her head. "That's a comfortable doctrine, but I don't quite subscribe to it. I will do my ut- most, though, Agnes—and if love deserves love—" "Love deserves love, and repays love. You need not be afraid." "I am afraid of nothing with Ernest. Oh, how good he is! If he is half as de- voted to his wife as he is to his mother—do you think she will be pleased?" To Be Continued. 