!THE ADELAIDE CUP. THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLDB AUTUMN MEETING. [By Telei-rxph.] Melbourne, May 10. [From our own Reporter.] The South" Australian Jockey Club were luoky _ in postponing the running of the Adelaide Cup until Saturdxy, as although the weather was cloudy and dull there was no return of ram, and the fact of the day being a half-holiday had a material effect upon the attendance. Neither of the stands were full, but still they presented a very respectable appearance at the time the. Cup was rim, and 1 have no doubt the club wifl sustain no loss over the meeting. The programme was Bpoilt by the retention of two such paltry races as the Maiden Plate and the Selling Hurdle Race, but the Adelaide Cup was one of the moBt interesting handicaps of the season, and the excitement of this contest fully compensated for the other shortcomings in the card. The victory of Lord Wilton was very popular, as the son of Countryman throughout his career has been one of those consistent performers which the public follow, and every one was heartily pleased to see him break the spell of bad luck which has attended him in important races during the past twelve months. Mr. Ellis won about £3,000 by the success of his horse, and several others threw in for fair Btakes, but the bulk of the money was won in small amounts by the public. Three very moderate Animals faced the starter for the Maiden Plate, and odds were laid on Hampstead, but he refused to try at any part of the race, and Capri won as he liked. Despite the heavy state of the ground Juanna was saddled up for the .Nursery Handicap, and well backed into the bargain. At five furlongs she was going at well as anything, but the weight told in the final struggle, and the wellhandicapped Remus drew away and won easily a length from Honeycomb, Ulalume, and Delami, who finished together. An hour elapsed between this race and the Cup, and during the interval some heavy investments were made in favour of Welcome Jack, who came from 20 to 1 to 10 to 1 before the nag felL When seen the Maori crack was not liked, as he looked too big to race. Conjecture was trained to the hour, and remained a hot favourite to the finish, while Britisher and Lantern kept their places in public favour. The most popular horse in the paddock, however, was Lord Wilton, and the anxiety to get on the handsome chestnut caused him to advance to 8 to 1. Prometheus was lame, and friendless in consequence, but the owner of Plausible supported his horse freely. Nothing in the racc looked better than Sardius, but nobody cared to back him owing to the feeling that he was held [safe by Lantern. The parade was led by Prometheus, Lantern. and'Ruby, the last three to file through the gate on to the course being Britisher, Hobart, and Sardius. The preliminary canters having been got through, Mr. Watson took them in charge, and after Plausible and Conjecture had caused some delay the flag fell to a good start. lantern was) on his legs racing while the others were thinking about it, and he made play to the River turn before Nicholson could pull him back and allow Conjecture to go on in .command. The favourite was never allowed to get far away, as Prometheus and Hazard stuck to her like leeches, and six furlongs from home the much-vaunted sister to Guesswork threw up the sponge, and retired to the rear. Hazard was then left with the lead, but Lantern and Britisher quickly cut him down, and as they entered "the straight it looked odds on one of the two winning. No sooner were they in a line for home, however, than Lord Wilton—who had been in a jjood position all the way—and Anchorite jomed issue, and with their advent first Britisher and then Lantern died out, without being able to offer the faintestreaistancetothe new- comers, who went on together for a few strides, when Lord Wilton, answering gamely to the whip, shook off his antagonist and won by a length. Sardius, who was interfered with at the sheds, came with a grand rush when he got clear, and was only beaten by half a lensth by Anchorite, while Plausible also showed a bold front in the last part of the race. The winner was loudly cheered, and so was Sardius, whose splendid performance was a great satisfaction to his owner and trainer, more especially as he confirmed the trial with Lantern. Whatever chance the latter had was ruined by Nicholson fighting with him all the way, instead of letting him sail along in front. The time was very fast considering the state of the ground. After the race Mr. Watson had Moore before the Stewards for disobeying orders at the post, and the jockey was disqualified lor three months. The Hurdle Race tell through, but a good field of sixteen saddled up for the Flying Handicap. Gymkhana being thrown into the handicap she was installed fiist favourite, but she could never go the pace, and after Miss Merlin had made all the running Middlemarch caught her at the lawn and romped home a ridiculously easy winner. During the afternoon the dispute between the (club and Mr. Blackler was satisfactorily arranged. The following is a description of the running:— MAIOES PLATE. A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each for starters, with 100 sovs. added. Weight for age. One mile and a quarter. Mr. D. S. Wallace's b.h. Capri, by Yattendon— Mandragora, 4 yrs. (O'Biien) .„ .. „ l Mr. F. Henty's br.c. Gohanna, 3 yrs. (St. Albans) 2 Mr. J. Wilson's ch.c. Hampstead, 2 yrs. (Page) .. 3 Betting—5 to 4 on Hampstead, 2 to 1 acst Gohanna. Capri and the favourite jumped off first and led Gohanna to the abbatoirs, where he began to hang, and Gohanna went to the front with a two lengths' lead oi Hampstead, who was a length clear of Capri. Coming to the turn Hampstead went no again and entered the straight on terms with Gohanna, but at the distance Capri ran past the pair and with great ease won in a cancer by three lengths; a length and a bilf between the second and third. Time, 2 min. 16? sec. NURSERT HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each for starters, with 150 sovs. added. For two-year-olds. Second horse 20 sovs. from the prize. Six furlonc?. Mr. S. G. Cook's chc. Remits, by Gang Forward —RomuJa, 7 st. 3 lb. (Flannigao) l Mr. T. Coffey's b.f. Honeycomb, 7 st. 5 lb. (Sanders) +2 Mr. S. Miller's b f. Ulalume, 7 st. S lb. (Olds) .. Mr. H. Tothill'sb.f. Juanna, 9at. 4 lb. (Wy122.nl. Hon. W. Pearson's br.c. Arsenal, S st. 4 lb. (Power). Mr. X. Jones's ch.c. Solo, 8 st. 9 lb. (B!air) • Mr. D. H. Hill's bl.f. Candace, 7 st. 5 lb. (Crocker). Mr. J. Wilson's ch.c. Fernside, 7 st. 4 lb. (Moore). Bon. W. Pearson's br.c. Gasbumer, 7 st. (Too!e). Mr. E. Week's ch.f. Delamia, 6 St. 8 lb. (H. Brown). Betting— 5 to 1 each agst. Arsenal and Delamia, 6 to 1 earb Juanna and Honeycomb, 100 to 15 Kemus From a good start Delamia, Juanna. Solo, and Olalnme were the firist to show prominently. Crossing the tan Delamia, Ulalume, and Juanna were in front, but at the half-mile post Bemus bad joined Joanna, and these two, witn Delamia and Ulalume, were well in front. Entering the course proper Juanna looked all over a winner, but she tired as they came on, and at the distance Remus and Delamia were well ahead of Ulalume, Juanna, and Honeycomb. From this out Remus kept a slight advantage, and Delamia, stopping to nothing in the last few jfctrides, was beaten out of a place by Honeycomb acd Ulalume, who finished together a length behind Renins. Delamia was only a head from the dead-heaters, with Joanna fifth, the lot being whipped in by Arsenal, Gasbumer, and Candace. Time, 1 min. 20 sec. ADELAIDE CUP. A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, hf. ft., with 500sovs. added. Second horse, 60 sovs.; third horse, 25 sovs. from the prize. The winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 sovs. after the declaration of the weights to carry 3 lb. extra; of any such race of the value of 200 sovs., 5 lb. extra ; of any such race of the value of 500 sovs., 10 lb. extra. The winner of the S.A.J.C. St. Leger to can? weight for age if handicapped below that weight. Penalties not cumulative. One and a half miles and a furlong. Mr. E. W. Ellis's ch.h. Lord Wilton. 4 yrs., by Countryman—Instep, 7 st. (Sanders) .. .. 1 Mr. •>. D. Robertson's b.h. Anchorite, 4 yrs., by St Albans—Peter WUlrinB mare, 7 st. 7 lb. (Ellis) .. £ Mr. L. Watson's b.h. Sardius, 4 yrs., by Emulation—Ruby, 8 st. 10 lb. (Mc'Jrade) .. ..3 Mr. J. FSIbrow's b.h. Welcome Jack, 5 yrs. 9 st. 5 lb. (Ivemy). Mr. J. Redfeam's cb.m. Madcap, 4 yrs., 8 st. 7 lb. (M. O'Brien). Mr. G. Davis's b.m. Camerine, aged, 8 st. 2 lb. (Hales). Mr. J. Whittingham'B br.h. Prometheus, 5 yrs., £ st. 1 lb: (Trahan). Mr. J. G. Reid's chm. Grace DaTlinc, 5 yrs., 8 st. (J. Williams). Hon. W. Pearson's b.c. Plausible, 5 yis., 7 st. 13 lb. (Power). Mr. A. F. Sullivan's br.g. Hazard, 4 yrs., 7 st. 11 lb. (Cope). Mr. S. G. Cook's b.h. Anglesey, 5 yrs., 7 st. 4 lb. (St Albans). Mr. J. Wilson, jun.'s ch.m. Conjecture, 5 yrs., 7 st. 2 lb. (Moore). Mr. A. Crozier"s br.m. Rnby, C yis., 7 St.—5 lb. over (J. O'Brien). Mr. M. Loughlin's b.g. Britisher, C yrs., 7 st. (Robertson). Mr. W. Crozier's br.c. Lantern, 5 yrs.; 7st. 31b. —including 10 lb. penalty (Nicholson). Sir. C. S. Agnew's br.h. Hobart, 5 yrs., 6 St. 9 lb. (T. Brown). Mr. F. Henty's b.c. Gohanna, 3Jyrs., fist. (Swanson). Betting—3 to 1 agst. Conjecture, 4 to 1 Britisher, 5 to 1 Lantern, 8 to 1 Lord Wilton, 10 to 1 Welcome Jack, 12 to 1 h'ardius, 14 to 1 Madcap, 20 to 1 eacb Camerine, Prometheus, and Plausible, 30 to 1 Anglesey, 33 to 1 each Grace Parling and Anchorite, 50 to 1 each Hazard and Hobart. Tbe start was delayed some little time owing to the fiactiousness of Plausible and the anxiety on the pait of Moore to get away with Conjecture. When the signal was given the lot were in very fair orrer, but Lantern went off the mark like lightning, and hefore they had gone fifty yards he was leading Lord Wilton and Conjecture by two leneths, with the others well together. Passing the Stand 1 .antern led Lord Wilton and Conjecture two lengths, with Welcome Jack. Hazard, and Promelbeus together at the bead of the others, the field being whipped in by Sardius, Anchorite, and • -ohaiina. Before they had rounded the first turn Hobart, who was running in the body of the field < fell, and interfered with the rearmost division, Sardius especially suffering. Lantern dashed past the wharf booth two lengths clear of Conjecture, on wboee quarters was Lord Wilton, and then came Prometheus, Hazard, and Camerine, with the others well bunched. Rounding the river turn Nicholson succeeded in pulling Lantern back to his followers, and Conjecture went on in front, with Prometheus and Lantern together two lengths clear of Lord Wilton, behind whom came Britisher, Gohanna, and Hazard, the others being well bunched, with Grace Darling whipping in. Running along the back stretch Conjecture continued in command, with Prometheus at her girths and Lar.tern next, closely followed by Britisher, Gohanna, and Hazard, while the colours of Lord Wilton and Sardius were prominent at the head of the main body, the rearmost lot being whipped in by Welcome Jack, Anchorite, Anglesey, Ruby, and Grace Darling. Passing the bridge Prometheus had drawn almost level with Conjecture, and Hazard had taken third place, well clear of Lantern and Britisher still, and two lengths behind this pair came Lord Wilton, Sardius, and Plausible. Between here and the abattoirs Hazard joined Conjecture and Prometheus, andthe three ran abreast for some little distance, with Lantern pulling double lying with Britisher about two leneths from the pair. At the sheds Hazard took a clear lead and both Conjecture and Prometheus retired. The rout of tbe f&vcurite; was most complete, as she dropped back six or seven paces in as many strides. No sooner had Hazard taken first place than Lantern, going as strong as a lion, shot away from the rest of the field, and Anchorite's colours suddenly appeared at the heels of Britisher, while Lord Wilton took fifth place, Sardius, Plausible, and Madcap being the most prominent of the others. Racing down the bend Lantern and Britisher cut down Hazard, and with Lord Wilton and Anchorite in pursuit the two leaders rounded the turn side by side, both going well within themselves. Entering the straight Lantern and Britisher still held a clear lead of their pursuers, and for a few strides it looked a match between the pair, but directly Lord Wilton and Anchorite challenged they were all abroad, and at the distance Anchorite and Lord Wilton were left in front with Sardius in hot pursuit. Anchorite stuck to Lord Wilton until the beginning of the lawn, when he began to falter, and the chesnut struggling on drew clear, and won rather cleverly by a good length. Sardins made up his ground in grand style from the turn, and was only beaten by half a length for second place, while Plausible, who also came with a brilliant run in.the straight was a good fourth. Lantern was fifth, Britisher sixth, and Madcap seventh, the last three to pass the post being Ruby, Hazard, and Prometheus. Time, 2 min. 53} sec. SELLING HURDLE RACE. A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each for starters, with 100 sovs. added. Winner to be sold for £100; 7 lb. allowed for every £25 reduction in selling price, provided that no horse carry less than 9 at.; 3 yrs. old to carry 10 st; 4 yrs , 10 st. 1011).; 5 yrs., 11 st. 9 lb.; 6 yrs. and aged, 12 st. One and three-quarter miles. Mr. R. Sevier's ch.g. Fusilier (nil), aged .. _ 1 This was a walkover. FLYING HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each for starters, with 100 sovs. added. Three quarters of a mile. Mr. A. Harvey's br.h. Middlemarch, by Man- ' bymone—Houscmai'i, 8 st. 10 lb. (Robertson).. 1 M. W. Crozier's b.m. Miss Merlin, 4 yrs., 6 st. (Nicholson) .. „ 2 Hon. W. Pearson'ji br.c. Arsenal, 2 yrs., 6 st. 11 lb. (G. Brown) 3 Mr. J. G. Reid's ch.g. The Ghost, 8 st. 7 lb. (J. Williams). Mr. R. Thurling*s b.f. East Lynne, 3 yrs., 6 st. 91b. (H. Brown). Mr. R. G. Talbot's b g. Stafford, 5 yra., 8 st. (Fallon). Mr. W. Field's b. or br.f. Agnes, 3 jrs., 6 st. 9 lb. (Fletcher). Mr. C. H. T. Hart's b.m. Gymkhana, 4 yrs., 6 st. 13 lb. (Flannigan). Mr. J. Wilson, iun.'s, b.h. Meteor, 4 yrs., 8 st. i lb. (St. Albans). Mr. S. Miller's b.h. Pailleroo, 4 yrs., 7 st. 10 lb. (Olds). Mr. J. O. Inglis's b.f. Wandi, 3 yrs., € st. 2 lb. (Deveney). Mr. J. Simpson ns. br.g. Sunstroke, S yrs., 6 st. 4 lb. (Johnson). Mr. Z. Todd's b/h. Eagle, by Panic—Fraternite, 6 yrs., 6 st. 7 lb. (Bruce). Mr. D. S. Wallace's g.m. Duenna, 4 yrs., 7 st. 11 lb. (O'Brieo). Mr. J. G. Reid's g.m. Lucky Hit, 4 yrs., 7 lb. 8 lb. (Turner). Mr. S. G. Cook's br.f. Marie Louise, 3 yrs., 7 st. 3 lb. (Sanders). Betting—C to 1 each agst. Gymkhana and Middlemarch, 7 to 1 each The Ghost and Meteor, 10 to 1 each Stafford, Pailleroo, Marie Louise, Arsenal, and East Lynne, 12 to 1 Miss Merlin. From a good start, Miss Merlin was the first away, and she led over the tan from Meteor, The Ghost, and Pailleroo. At the half-mile post Miss Merlin was still in lront from Pailleroo, The Ghost, and Arsenal, but at the distance Robertson brought up Middlemarch, and catching tbe little mare two hundred yards from home he left her and won very easily by a length. .Miss Merlin beat Arsenal by a* length lor second place, and then came Pailleroo, Meteor, and East Lynne. Time, 1 min. 17£ sec. 