'WARE HAWK ! (by one of the crowd) Looking through &n; album of felons photo graphs, I was much struck with one portrait I discovered there. It was that of a man not older, seemingly, than eight-anO -twenty or thirty, and no one would have supposed the original ca; able of earning for himself the unenviable distinction of figuring in that shameful collection. It was the likeness of a pleasant- looking, handsome fellow, with regular features, even teeth, eyes full of tender expression, a good moustache, and wavy, curling hair. I scrutinised the face closely, but in vain for any indication of latent vice, and, still puzzled, inquired of the official iu attendance for information. First," said be, " allow me to show you a portrait of ihe same individual taken in prisou costume only eighteen months after that you have already inspected." He pro duced auothcr album, and. opening if, re vealed a photograph that I at once ilatly refused to believe, in the absence of con vincing testimony, was identical with the first. The accompanying record" however, put the matter beyond doubt. Tho second likeness was that of a ronvicfe with liair closely cropped and a face dis figured by a brokennosc — an almostcomplcte obliteration of the bridge," in fact — and the injury that had occasioned it had, at the Same time, drawn dnnrn thft inner onrner of the left eye, giving it a sinister and very remarkable expression. ''Which," I re marked. " tends to teach us how careful we should be of jumping at hasty concisions as regards human character. Judging No. 2 from bis appearance, he might be as ruffianly a scoundrel as ever lived, whereas No. 1 — the same individual — manifestly, could never have been guilty of anything very atrocious. " As you say,, sir, answered the obliging official, smiling, ' physiognomic evidence is always unreliable. He has been lost sight of since his last release, but, if No. 2 can be guilty of anything worse than No. I made no scruple of engaging in, it will not be very long before we renew acquaintance with him, I don't say but there are hundreds of con victs of a coarser and more brutal kind, but, iu his particular line, Archibald P— has, 1 should think few equals. Likethcznilkmaid iu the old song, his face was his fortune,' but his career in his peculiar line of swind ling and imposture was effectually stopped when he met with his injury." " But whatwas his special line of iniquity?" ' Answering matrimonial advertisements, and on the strength of his insinuating maimers and his handsome face inducing the foolish women he thus got hold of to part with their property. If he could sot attain his aim in any other way he would go through the ceremony of marrying them. I believe that I am right in saying that he is a bigamist at least four deep, and in each case he left his unfortunate victim in utter des titution." ' But how did he come by his disfigure ment Y1 In a curious way. His last sentence was three years, and where he was serving it there was a poor, weak-minded fellow- prisoner, a mere lad, whom Archibald P took a special delight in tormenting, when ever he found an opportunity. The lad in question, who was generally liked by the 1 warders, had somehow possessed himself of a mouse. It probably found its way into his: cell. Anyhow the lad managed to tame it, and grew so attached to it, that, wherever he might happen to be working, he carried the little animal with him, hid in the bosom of his serge frock. It was against prison rules, of course, and perhaps the warders were un aware of it, but so it was. One day Archi bald P and this ladwercorderedto assist the plumbers, who were doing some reDairs in ihe kitchen, and perceiving the monse peeping out P , in malice and wickedness, suatcbed at it and threw it into a pot of melted lead the workmen were using. This so exasperated the yonng convict that be caught up the iron ladle and struck J? full in the face with it, with the result shown here iu the photograph." 1 thought no more of the matter, but nearly a year afterwards, and a few weeks since, 1 was brought unexpectedly face to face with the broken-nosed squinting convict, and recognised him instantly. At the time I was journeying to Manchester in com pany with a friend, and it being the first day uf the Manchester races a numerous and mixed company filled the carriages. Archi bald I' now appeared iu more favourable guise than when I beheld his photographed resemblance. He was very well dressed, and wore rings on bis white hands. H"ia hair, as in photo number one, was again waved and curl', and be had again carefully cultivated the moustache that bad been shorn off while he was in durance. But I felt certain of his identity. There, distinctly enough, was the ziz-zag scar extending across his damaged nose to the left eyelid, which had puckered in the healing, giving the eye itself the appearance of being larger than its fellow, in consequence oi its having a more limited orbit to move in. Notwithstanding his facial deformity P was at least as re spectable-looking as his companions, who, though ffashly attired, evidently belonged to that too numerous class who are possessed of the gift of realising profit without risking capital at race meetings. The party was in excellent spirits, and laughed and talked so loudly among themselves that, aa my friend and 1 Rut in onr corner. I cxnerienced no difficulty in relating to him what I bad heard of P . Whereon njy friend suggested that, if we found an opportunity, we would introduce the subject of the weakness of women and the fascinating powers of the etemer sex. with a view to ascertaining what he might have to say about it. We were, however, spared the trouble of exercising our ingenuity, for at our very next stopping place something occurred that gave the con versation exactly the turn we desired. An elderly lady, unattended, came to the door of our compartment and wished to come in. She was informed that it was a smoking carriage, and that we were rather crowded already, but she was a determined female, and would have effected an entry but for the guard, who offered to show her to a car riage where she would be more comfortable. There was pleasant comment on her behaviour when she disappeared, and one of P 's party remarked jocosely that no doubt it was Fitzgerald's" beauty that the old lady had found so irresistible. From the way that Archibald P changed countenance and resented the ersonahty it was evident that he was the Fitzgerald" alluded to. He sullenly re marked that it was not in good taste to sneer at a man's scars, especiall' when they were honourable, as in his case. If a man | risked his life to save that of a fellow- creature, and got his face damaged in the attempt, he had yet to learn that he need feel ashamed of being not good looking as other people. "At the same time," said Archi bald P , alias Fitzgerald, recovering his good humour, and complacently smoothing his moustache, there was a time, my lads, when the best looking amongst you wouldn't have had the ghost of a chance against me, where there was a pretty woman in the case. I have made some conquests iu my time, I can tell you." " Then how the deuce did you manage to escape matrimony ?" one of his companions laughingly inquired. " Well, yoa see," replied the anblnshing rascal, " 1 was never a marrying man. 1 was always a wide-awake moth that could bask in the beams of the candle flazuc with out being such a fool as to approach it close enough to singe my wings." He looked rutxnd at the occupants of the carriage for approval of his manly and amiable senti ments, and my friend remarked. " You are speaking of the time before you met with your accident." "By gad, yes !" re to rued Mr. Fitzgerald, an ugly scowl flitting over his face, " I hav'nt had much to brag of in the way men tioned since." " It was good enough sport while it lasted, probably ?"saidmy friend wickedly, "though anything but cheap amusement I should think." " Well, that depends largely on a fellow's confidence," returned Mr. Fitzgerald, lightly leaning back ' in his seat, and nursing one knee with the air of a person who is conver sationally inclined, and feels himself master of the subiect under discussion : " I have known men who have gone in pretty exten sively for that sort of fun, enjoyed them selves amazingly, and actually made money by it. Confounded blackguards of course. But they enjoyed themselves none the less on that account. I remember one man — he's dead and gone now — went to Mexico and got killed in a silver mine—who was just about the pink of the profession, speak ing of it as such. He made a study of it, and if he had only been as cautious as he was clever, he might have made a sackful o I money, and lived long and died happy, as the story-books say. What do you think his game was? He was a handsome fellow. 1 1 have seen him many a time, and can answer for it. Walk through London streets on a long summer day, and you won't meet ; a handsomer man. Elegant figure, teeth ; like pearls, and eyes such as few women : could resist. But his good looks were his ' ouly capital, which was his misfortune, not < his fault— an oversight of nature I should j call it. With a face and figure such as he ; had, it was simply ridiculous to expect him ! to accommodate himself to the position he was born to. He must then have become a ' shopman, or a tailor, perhaps ; and any- | thing more absurd than that it wouldn't be i easy to couccive. So, as 1 tell you, his good I looks being his only capital, he made the | most of it. He used to overhaul those pub- . locations in which silly women advertise for I husbands and reply to the most promising, and wheedle them out of what money they might chance to have, while he fell madly iu love with them, keeping the game alive up to marrying point, when" aud Mr. Fitz gerald gaily clicked his finger and thumb over bis left shoulder. " He was ameau skunk, then," remarked one of Mr. F.'s companions ; "1 would kick a man if 1 found out that he was such a one, if I had been friends with him for twenty years." Why, of course vou would, dear boy," re- plied Mr. Fitzgerald, grinning, as he puffed at his cigar. " X would do so myself. But I was not what may be called friendly with him, and therefore there would have been no fun in kicking him. But it isn't always a man can choose his company, and if it is his fate to make casual acquaintance with a black sheep who is never tired of Heating of bis affairs he can't help listening, however little he may like it. 1 he man 1 am speak ing of was proud of his success in the line of business lie had taken to, and though we all agree that he was a mean skunk, upon my soul, if all he told was true, he must have been a wonder in his way. I have beard him say, and I have no reason to suppose that he was telling lies, that he has often made as much as five and twenty ponuds in a week by the little game in question." " He must have had an extensive con nection," remarked my friend. " You may Bay that," replied Mr. Fitz gerald, alias " Photograph No. 2." "The system he pursued was an ingenious one. I don't admire him — who could? But with out doubt he was an uncommonly clever rascal," and Mr, Fitzgerald left off to laugh, i meanwhile eyeing us all whimsically with his sinister optic. "He went on the principle that little fish make as satisfying a fry as big 'uns if you can catch enough of them. No game was too small for him, gentlemen. Cooks in service, housemaids, maids-of-all work even. The more ignorant they were the more easily they were dazzled by his fine promises, and the poorer they were the less likely to face the expense of a prosecution. " I should never have supposed," some one in the carriage observed, "that any sensible hard-working young woman would permit herself to be deluded by such a bare faced blackguard." But you forget that it is not the sensible sort who advertise their matrimonial wants," replied Mr. Fitzgerald pleasantly, " and , yon likewise seem to have forgotten what 1 have already told you as to his being so handsome, and that his manner was as fascinating as his face and figure, and 1 need not say he was always well dressed. You wonder they were such fools as to be gulled by him ? Why, sir, he's bad as many cases in hand between Sunday and Saturday as there are days in the week, with as many dodges according to his mode of treatment req aired for each subject. But he had one bait that — so 1 have heard him say a dozen times — seldom or never failed. Having sought an interview with the lady who had advertised and made a favourable impression on her, he would give her to understand that the reason whyr he was desirous of meeting with a shrewd and sensible woman for bis wife was that he was about to take a public-house — a lodging house he would make it, if she was likely to object to the other scheme — and that in such a business a single man was always at a loss. He would induce her to go with him to inspect the house he was negotiating for, and having let her so far into his plans, a very few days after he might pretty safely put the screw on, which was done by sending her a hasty message to the effect that he was suddenly called on to pay a heavy deposit or give np the negoti ation, and that, his capital being invested so that he could not realise it for a week or so, he would be glad if she would send him what money she had, so that he might without delay pay the required amount." "And I tell you," continued Mr. Fitz gerald, chuckling at the joke, " that five times out of six it came off. 'I've known' — 1 am quoting the very words I heard the rascal use — 4 1 have known a girl,' said he, ' not only take all her savings out of the bank, but pawn her watch and any articles of jewellery she might happen to have — her best clothes, even — rather than risk offend ing the dashing lover Bhe had hooked and breaking off the match.' The party I am speaking of used to say and upon my word, you know, under the circumstances, there is some truth in it, that most of them deBerved to be served out for their presumption. Fancy a spinster of forty, and just about as plain as they make 'em, or a twelve-stone cook, or nousetieeper, wnn eignteen years excellent character in the situations where she's saved her bit of money, having the vanity, to believe that a man the right side of thirty, and handsome enough to marry a duchess, could be smitten with her. And yet it is a fact that not only would tbey think it probable, but take it most con foundedly to heart when they discovered that they had been hoaxed. £ remember ' there was one case he made mention of — a ladies' maid, a middle-aged, plain piece of goods as ever was left on the shelf, who made so sure of presently being made Mrs. , whatever the fellow's name was — that when she found herself left aloae, minus all her worldly goods, including her boxes she had sent on to the railway station, she was so mad that she made a hole in the water. " " I hope it was her ghost that frightened the villain to death in the silver mine you spoke of," my friend remarked. " But per haps, after all, it was a kinder fate than that she would have been doomed to had she married the heartless BCoundrel." "There I agree with you," smilingly re sponded Mr. Fitzgerald, who had finished his cigar and was engaged in artistically trimming his finger nails ; " nevertheless, there is no denying that the fellow was pos sessed of talent of a rare sort. Not the sort that you and I, as men of high moral sensi bilities, can appreciate, of course," he con tinued, with a thinly-disguised sneer ; " but still, as t say, a rare talent. Happily it is so. Still, one occasionally hears of scoun- drels of this, class." By this time we were nearing the end of our journey. " What you have told us, " continued my friend,1' recalls to my mind the report of a case I read in a newspaper— it is some time ago now — of an individual who, judging from his character, might have been the twin brother of the rascal who confided to you his private affairs. I forgot his name, but it was Archibald something or other." The pen knife with which Mr. Fitzgerald was orperatingat the moment on his thnmb nail made a slip and drew blood, on which, with a muttered imprecation, he Bhut up the weapon aud put it in his pocket. " Be, too, was handsome, but his blackguardism wasof a deeper dye than that of your friend, and a few cases of bigany being proved agaiust him, I am happy to tell you he was sentenced to a term of penal servitude." " But it is by no means certain," I put in mischievously, "that the despicable scoundrel was thus cured of his evil propensties. Probably he started again iu the old way when he was released." "I thiiknot," replied my friend. "Ifl rightly remember the case as reported, the fellow had his handsome face spoilt by another convict, who revenged for some dastardly thing the other did to him | by assnalting him with an iron ladle. He well nigh cut his nose off so, you see, he can't make a very fascinating appearance now, wherever he may happen to be." The train by this time had come to a standstill at the station, and we ail prepared to alight. Mr. Fitzgerald in sacking hiB ; bleeding thumb had somehow smeared his chedcs with his blood. It was the contrast with his suddenly whitened face, probably, but I thought at ihe moment that I bad never seen blood so vividly crimson. , Certainly, I never beheld a more ruffianly scowl than that with which he regarded us as, with his friends, he hurried out of the carriage and was loat inthe crowd. 