ACTA POPULI. BY THE FLANEUR. 'And there were two of the ancients of the people ap- pointed judges that year, of whom the Lord said: Iniquity came out from Babylon from the ancient judges, that seemed to govern the people.' —Daniel. Sexton— 'Which be the malefactors?' Dogberry — 'Marry, that am I and my partner.' Verges--'Nay, that's certain; we have the exhibition to examine.' — Much Ado About Nothing. *' Soilenob in the eoort.' In taking up the first brief entrusted to my care to-day I am reminded of the fact that one of the most peculiar peculiari ties of tho male portion of the human race is an irresistible desire to sit injjudgment on their fel low creatures. With some, no doubt, the wish to see fair play done to all is the foundation of this impulse, and a most commendable one it is too ; but the majority I fear are impelled by nothing more than a vain desire to strut in a little brief authority and lord it over those whom blind For tune has chosen to place beneath him. Persius in his first scathing satire describes the J.P. of his day as ' Bursting with self-conceit and pride elate, Because, forsooth, in magisterial state His Worship (radilo of some paltry town) Broke scanty weights and put false measures down.' In olden times, we are told, ' The Lord raised up judges/' but in looking over our newly-published roster I can with all due reverence say that I much doubt if Heaven had anything to do with the selection of some of those now on the roll. Wealth and political influence are apparently the sole requisites necessary to obtain a roost on the judgment seat to-day. Does any one deny this ? If so, let him point to the name of a single poor man upon the roster. Is it urged that the reason of this is that the poor man has no time to spare to attend to his judicial duties ? Then my answer is that the poor man must be driving a mighty fine trade if he cannot spare as much time as some of our J's.P., who never honour the Bench with their presence from one year's end to the other except perhaps when the interests of themselves or their party are at stake. Is proof of this required ? Then I refer our readers to Benjamin Lee, Esq., the Bathurst Stipendiary, ?who but a few days ago plainly told ex-Mayor Halliday, J.P., then sitting with him on the Bench, that he, Halliday, ' never attended the court except when there was a Salvation Army case to be tried, and then he came with his mind biassed.' Of course Mr. Hallelujah Halliday indignantly declared 'he never,' but with all his faults Mr. Lee is a man who would scorn to make such an assertion unless he could bring proof of his statement. Besides this, it is the common cry of many country districts that in spite of the number of names on the roster roll it is at times so difficult to get a magistrate to try a case that the police have to start off with black trackers and dogs, and chase one into a swamp and haul him to the judgment seat before the business of the court can be settled. As to the qualifications of some of our Solons, the least said on this head the better for our own reputation. If we require a man to milk a goat or drive a dirt cart we look round for some one who has some knowledge of the business, but in selecting men to hold the sacred reins of Jus tice we make no inquiries touching their legal abilities whatever. It is a well-known fact that many of our present J's.P. do not know enough about legal matters to enable them to tell a ca sa from a comic song, and yet it is in the hands of such men that our honour and liberty are en trusted. Shame on the age and on the land that tolerates such gross injustice. As the model patient man, Job always falls 50 per cent, in my estimation when I think of his angry exclamation, ' Oh that my enemy wotild write a book ?' The Hon. Mr. Finch-Hatton has written a book, and upon a subject on which he is about as well qualified to write as Garden Honey is to hold forth on the Nebular Theory of Descartes. It appears to be the fashion amongst the wealty idlers of England now to take a flying trip through Australia, and then on returning home to sit down and tell us all about ourselves in three costly volumes. By putting together all they know and all they do not know they soon succeed in. getting through their work, and adding yet another proof of the truth of the old assertion that of all the fools the fool that has travelled is the greatest. Mr. Finch-Hatton has been among the ' Blacks,' and the marvellous insight he has obtained into their nature and ways is calculated to fill the oldest bushman with amazement. For example. He finds that the ' Blacks' do not like regular work. In this respect I am a bit of a nigger myself, but one needs must when a certain gentleman happens to be his driver. Mr. F.-II. has also discovered — and our friend W'uttagoona Matthews and other back blockers might make a note of this piece of news — that ' the ' Blacks' seldom work well after having a full meal.' What a marvellous power of observation that man must possess. He also finds that tho crudo undeodorized darkey ha3, as a rule, very little style about his clothes. That I know to be a solemn fact, for I have seen a whole tribe who had not a single article of fashionable attire on them, except a bone jabbed through their pretty noses, and one dilapidated blanket, which, by the way, happened to be hanging on a tree five hundred yards off. There is much more useful information in Mr, Finch-Hatton's wonderful work, but I have only space enough to-day for a story which he tells of a blacking-bottle lord of the soil who, having carefully watched a road party erecting a telegraph line, contemptuously observed as he borrowed a fig of tobacco when the men were not looking — f(Me think it white pfeller cobborn fool if him think bullock stop a long o' that one pad dock.' This, however, is hardly as good as the yarn I remember of an old shepherd who on see ing the wires for the first time and having their use partly explained, shook his head and said — ' Well thim tely grafts may be all right for letters an* parcels an' th' like, but when it comes t' carry in' bales o' wool, why the man's a hass that sez they'll do it.' Some of those days I'll take a tour overland to Balmain, and then sit down and write a book on Australian life myself. It is with a grief too deep for tears — even though onions are pretty plentiful at present — that I find I have got myself quite disliked in certain quarters. In stating a few weeks ago that the enthusiasm shown at the recent Orange shivoos never rose above the calm insipidity of a cold potato, I simply exposed my abyssmal ignor ance of the subject. For this I am truly sorry. In fact I couldn't be more sorry even if I weighed a ton ; but as the editor of this journal has a de licacy about filling all its columns with glowing accounts of the doings of the glorious 12th, I must confine myself to the notice of one splurge, viz., that held by the Wyrallah Lodge at Wardell. On this occasion the glorious 12th was postponed till the 16th by way of a change, and in order to allow the caterer time to chase his old hens through the bush and yard them up for the cus tomary sacrifice. As the local journal observes with striking originality, 'the tables groaned beneath the viands,' and after being cleared the rest of the groaning was done by the revellers who had surrounded the greater part of the pumpkin pastry. The speechifying was of the usual brilliant and truth- despising order, but the Demosthenes of the hour was undoubtedly Brother Duncan MfDonald, J.P., who com bines 1 the eloquence of a Pastor Allen with the education of a Davies and the wonder ful imagination of a Munchausen or a 'con- tinental correspondent.' On rising Brother Dun can begged his admirers not to imagine from the many decorations on his breast that he was either Julius Ccesar, or Eobert Bruce, or Von Voltke, or even Majah-Giniril Eichardson, because he was a man of peace and would rather run a mile than fight a mir -ite. This seemed to calm the fears of the timid, and after the choir had worried ' Let dogs delight |to bark and bite, ' Brother Duncan regretted, as the scalding tears rolled down and wore ruts in his lovely nose, that ' in all coun tries, under Eoman Catholic sway, the people are refused that liberty accorded by Protestant Eng land.' Just here a look of unutterable woe came over the fr.ces of all, but whether it was caused through sympathy for the down-trodden Papists, or whether the pastry was beginning to dance the ' Lancers' in the stomachs of the mourners, my informant fails to say. However, Bailie M'Doonal'd caught on again and observed : 'In looking at the system of priestcraft we, as Protestants, cannot but deplore the miseries and crimes that have been perpetrated in Ireland under that system. Look at the Phoenix Park murderers, Cary, Brady, and the others, who were all Eoman Catholics.' Just so, Brother Duncan ; and now that . you have looked on that picture and admitted, as you must, that English misrule was the cause of all, suppose you look on the other picture and tell tis what yoii think of the doings at the relict of Sodom, the notorious Dublin Castle. How does even a Brady shine by the side of the lecherous French, or would not even the infamous Carey were he alive scorn to be seen on the same side of the street as that bestial hoary headed old psalm-singing reprobate who ran the Dublin Post-office ? Or, gripping with you again a la Donald Dinnie, Duncan, when you speak of the glories of Protestant England what have you to say to the recent Pall Mall Gazette dis closures ? Where are the 'greatness and the blessings' you prate so glibly about in that lot? And now, to send you to grass at once, what has Protestant England to say to the threat of the Gazette editor, who says : ' Let those who do not wish to shake the very foundations of our social order think twice before] they compel us to con front in the courts of justice brothel keepers with princes of the blood, and prominent men with the unfortunate victims of their vice ? ' She says ' Hush,' Duncan, and ' Let us change the subject,' but the people will not hush, for the outraged virtue of thousands of helpless children cries aloud to Heaven for vengeanceion the pillars and rulers of j our glorious] Protestant England. Now take Duncan away, and poultice his head with a haggis. , I came near forgetting to state that Duncan MfDonald, Esq., is one of the newly appointed Js.P. alluded to in my first paragraph, and I would ask any sensible person to say is this the style of man from whom we can reasonably expect strict impartial justice ? It would be extremely in teresting to know on what grounds this gentle man was appointed, for if his legal knowledge. is on a par with his tolerance and charity, there is a strong probability that another Dogberry has come to judgment. Lastly, let me say that no one has a higher opinion of either the English or Scotch (among whom I am proud to reckon some of my best friends) collectively, but when the whole Irish nation is vilified for the faults of a few, he would be a mean-spirited blackfellow even who would not stand up and demand fair play. Lastly again, let me add with pleasure that the real good cause is still on the boom, for at the recent mission held at St. Benedict's by those marvel lous workers, the Redemptorist Fathers, no less than eight Orangemen were converted to the Catholic faith. Let Duncan come forward now, and I'll gladly stand as his sponsor. A pension for Parkes ! Isn't this coming the thing a trifle too strong ? One would naturally think that enough concession was made in allow ing him to hold an art union, especially as he him self was the very man who most emphatically sat upon and squelched a similar little game when it was proposed by others. Under the Parkes regime an art union was] second only to high treason, and the Catholic lady who dared [to ring a bell or rattle the ' bones' at a church bazaar ran the risk of being transported and compelled to join the Mormons. Therefore, the present Ministry have acted nobly in allowing their old opponent to work off his ' 'igh hart' treasures, and no one, I am sure, will hope that he is atight but successful with the venture; but [when it comes to the question of a pension there is quite a considerable crowd who will rise up on their heels and most emphatically buck against it. Pensions are sums of money granted by the State out of the public funds to worn-out or suddenly incapaci tated men 'who have done the said State some im portant service. Quite a considerable portion of the said funds come out of the pockets of the Catholic community, and it is, therefore, only fair that the members of that community should have their particular say in the matter. No one can reasonably object to our asking, therefore, if this pension is to be granted for the ex-Premier's share in the O'Farrell business, for his miraculous raising of the Kiama Ghost, or for the low-down game he played upon an able and faithful col league when the office of the Chief Justice lay at his disposal ? If this pension claim is not based on any of these grounds, may we ask if Catholics are to be compelled to honour and support the man who in the pride of power insolently declared that he would clap into gaol the first priest who dared presume to act against his sovereign will and mandates ; and who assumed an air to all as imperious as that of Nabuchodonosor's proud chief when he call aloud, ' Bow down thy knees, for there is no God here but Holof ernes.' If the pension is to be granted for any of these favours, then the Catholic community will require a little more information on the subject. On general grounds, however, let us ask what great boon has Sir 'Enry ever granted to the colony. The only measure that even his partizans can point to is the Education Act, which, by the way, he appropriated from the brain of poor Greenwood, and which Act has proved so ex tremely successful that those who went mad with rejoicing when it passed are now scratching themselves bald-headed endeavouring to devise some means of kicking it out headfirst into eternal oblivion. The only persons who feel grateful for that Act now are the Freethinkers, for- they plainly see that if it does not soon meet with a sudden death it will most materially add to their nuinbors. Initium sapienbice timor Domini, 'The beginning of ?msdom is the fear of the Lord,' says Britain' ajRulwark (as it is sometimes facetiously called), Mt Sir 'Enry's Act tells us plainly that the only real wisdom consists in compelling our dhildren to fear the world for six days out of the week, and then in giving a little attention to the Lord on the seventh. If Sir 'Enry must have a pension, let it come from those he has so greatly favoured, viz., the members of the freethought platform, and I will have but a poor opinion of Mr. Tom Paine Walker and his friends if they do not at once subscribe, and set their benefactor up in another toyshop. Pass round the hat, Thomas, while the choir sweetly warbles ' Over the Garden Wall.' There is a fair story told of an English rector in whose parish a certain high-born lady had become a mother, and who accordingly thought proper to worship the calf of gold in his own small way by offering up special .prayers on the glad occasion. Not knowing the exact formula to be used in such an aristocratic case, however, he in one part of the service prayed, 'Oh Lord, look down and bless thy servant lady N.' — upon which the clerk, not to be outdone in grovelling, fervently replied, ' As her ladyship doth put her right honourable trust in Thee.' Persons who imagine this to be a piece of fiction will have their scepticism re moved by perusing the Hunter-street version of the recent ball given by our new Governor in London. Granny herself bluntly alluded to the host and hostess as 'Lord Carrington and his wife,' but the little Echo hastened to atone for the lapsus scribendi by speaking of the worthy pair as ' Lord Carrington and his Lady.' Such a common term as wife is evidently not used now in culchawod society. This reminds one of the old story. ' I am the Bishop's lady, and I de mandjadmission.' The reply of the warden being, 'I could not admit you mom, even if you were his wife.' 