Oliver's Bride. A INTOVEL. V By ME?. OLIPHANT. Published by special arrangement with the authoress. ' . All rights reserved ] -.'[ Chaptrb. L I have not beeu always what I ought to have been,' he said, ' yon must under stand that, Grace. 1 can't lot you take me 'without telling you, though it's against myself. I have not been the man that your, husband ought to be, that is the ttuth-.' the smiled upon him -with all the tender ? sess or -which her eyes were capable, which, was Saying much, and pressed the hands -which held hers. They had just, after many difficulties and embarrassments and ?delay, said to each other all that people say when, from being strangers, they be ?come one and conclude to part no more. They were standing together in all the joyful agitation and excitement which -accompany this explanation — their hearts beating high, their faces illuminated by the; /radiance of the delight which is ?always i'a surprise to the true lover even when to others it has been m jst certain -and evident. Their friends had known for' weeks that -this was what it was coming to ; but he ygs pale with the ineffable dis covery that sheloved him, and she, all en veloped in the very bloom of a blush, for pure wonder of the extraordinary certainty that he loved her. She looked at him and smiled, their clasped tmnfla changing their action for the moment, she pressing liu in token of utmost confidence as his hitherto had pressed hers. ' I do not mean only that I do not deserve you, which is what any man would say,' he resumed, after the outspoken yet unmistakable answer she had made him. *lhe best man on earth might say so, and very true. No man is good enough for such' as you ; but I mean more than that.' 'You mean flattery,' she said, ' which I would not listen to for a moment if it were not sweeter to listen to than any thing else in the world. You dia't -suppose I believe that ; but so long as you Ber hands unloosed and melted into his -again, and he resumed the pressure which became almost painful, bo close it was and ?earnest. ' Dear,' he said, with his voice trembling, 'you must not think I mean that only. 'That would be so were. I a better man. I mean that I am not worthy to touch your ?dear hand or the hem of your garment. Oh, listen, I have not been a good man, Orace.' . : She released one of her hands and pat it np-softly'and touched his lips. 'All that has been is done with,' ?the said, ' for both of us — everything oas become new ? ' ] *Ah,'hesaid, 'if you are content with i this, it ib so ; it shall ever be so. Yet t | would not accept that peace of God with- ' ?out' telling you — without letting you ; know ? ' ? . ' | -'No more,' she said, 'or I might have ! to confess, too.3 ? j ' You,' he cried, seizing her in his arms j with a kind of rage. 'Oh, never n*-ne yourself- in such a confession. You don't know, you can't imagine- — ' Again she stopped his mouth. *fco more, no more ; - we are both con tent in what is, aud happy in what is to come.' '?Happy is too mild a word It is not big enough, not strong enough for me.' She smiled with the woman's soft superiority to the man's rapture which makes her glad ? superiority yet in feriority, admiring, yet half disdaining, the tide that carries him away — all for her, as if she was worth that ! Proud of him for the -warmth' of passion of which she is not capable, at which she shakes her head, n -t even he able to transport her to such a height of emotion as that to which she, only she, no other ! can transport 'him. She began to adopt the position of a men tor to him on the moment, as soon as it had been acknowledged that she was his love, 'jtnd was to be his wife. ?Tt haid been a long wooing, much inter rupted, supposed to be hopeless They iiad loved each other as boy and girl seven or eight years before. It is to be hoped that no one will be wounded by the fact that Grace Ooodhart was twenty-five ; not an innocent angel of eighteen, but a woman who had her own opinions of the ?world. Be was five years older. When abe was seventeen and he twenty two there had been passages be tween them which he had perhaps for gotten, but she had never forgot At that period they werebothpoor. She an orphan girl in the house of her uncle, who was veryiLad to her, but announced every- ' whei& -that he did not intend to leave her ids fortune ; he a young man without any very definite intentions in life, or energy to makea way forhimself. They had parted then without anything said, for Oliver j tos a gentleman, and would not spoil the ! future of the girl whom he could not ask i to marry him. He had gone away into I the world, and he had forg-tten Grase. But there is nothing that a girl's mind is more apt to fix upon than the vague con clusion which is no end of such an episode, j There is in it something more delicate ': than an engagement which holds the imagination as fast as any betrothal. He lias not spoken she thinks for honor's sake. He has gone away like a true knight, to gain honor or fortune, and so win her. She is consciously waiting for him, all these long years perhaps, till he ?comes back, following him with her heart, with her eyes as far as she can ever open to alt, that is to be heard of him, col lecting diligently every scrap of informa tion. She had not been without her little successes in that time ; others had seen that she was sweet as well as Oliver WenT worth ; and she was bo light-hearted aud ?cheerful that no one could say it was for Oliver 'a sake, or f«»r any reason but because she did_not choose, that she would have no one in her sphere. And then came that strange reversal of everything when the old unc'.e died with out any will, and Grace, who it was always supposed must go out governessing at hi death, was found to be his heiress. She was bis next of kin ; there was no body even to divide it with, to fight for a share ; and , instead of being a little de pendent orphan, she was an heiress and a very good match. How it was that Oliver Wentworth came back then was a ?question that many people asked ; but however it was, it was not with any mer cenary thought on his part. Whether his sister was equally disinterested, who would take no denial, but insisted on hiB visit, need not, perhaps, be enquired. He -ame rather against his wilL knowing no reason why True should be so urgent; and there he met Grace Goodhart, whom lie had not seen for so many years, again. - To her it was disappointing that he43ame back very much as he- had gone sway, without _ having . achieved either-' honor or fortune.' But - success' is not dealt out in the same measure to every ? man ; -and if he had ? failed, - ho w - much ? more reason for consoling him ! He had only failed in degree. He had hot won either honor nor fortune ; but he was able to earn his daily bread, and perhaps hers. And when he saw her again his heart had gone back with a bound to his first love, although in the meantime that love had been forgotten. She was aware, more or less, of all this. She was even aware, more or less, of what he had wanted to tell her. She had followed him too cloBely with her heart not to be aware that he had not always kept himself unspotted from the world. This had cost her many a secret tear hi the years which were past, but had not altered her mind towards him. There are women who can cease to love when they discover than a man is unworthy ; indeed, it is one of the com monplaces, both of fact and fiction, that love cannot exist without respect. It would be very well for the good people and v«=ry ill for those who are not good if this were generally so. There are many, maDy women, perhaps the majo rity, who are not so high-minded, and who love those they love — God help them — whether they are worthy of love or not. Grace was one of these women. She heard somehow — who can tell how, being intent to hear everything she could pick up about him — that he had not kept the perfect way. She had heard that he had gone wrong, and perhaps heard no more fora year or two, and in her secret retire ment wept and prayed, but made no out ward sign ; and then had heard more com forting news, and then again had been plunged into the anguish of those who know. that their beloved are in misery and trouble, yet cannot lift a finger to help them. When he appeared again within her ken, Bheknew it was a man soiled with much contact of the world that met her, and not the pure-hearted boy of old. But he was still Oliver Wentworth, and that was everything. £nd when in honor and honesty he would have told her how un worthy he was, her heart had leapt up towards him in that glory and delight of approbation which is perhaps the highest ecetacy of a woman. Bis confession, which she would not allow him to make, was virtue and excellence to her. She was more proud of him because he wanted to tell her. that, he was a sinner, and acknowledge his' unworthiness, than if he had been the most unsullied and excellent of men. Weistworth's sister had always been Grace's friend. She was older than either of them, married and full in the current of her own life. When Oliver came back to her after all was settled, and made what he believed was a revelation to her of his love aid happiness, Mrs. Ford laughed in his face, even while she shared his rap tures. ' Do you think I don't know all that ? she said. ' There never was any thing so stupid as a man in love. Why, I have known it for the hist eight years, and always looked forward to this day ' Which, perhaps, was not quite true, and yet was true in a way. For Trix had all along loved Grace for loving hftr brother, and had seen that with such a wife Oliver must become all that could be desired ; yet had thought it best policy, on the whole, till Grace came into her fortune, to keep them out of each other's way. * YeB,' he said very gravely, pulling his moustache, ' for eight years sue has always been the first woman.in the world to me ' At which his sister, which was very un becoming, continued to laugh. 'The first, perhaps, dear Noll,' she said, ' but we can't deny, can we, that there have been a few others — secondary ? But you may be sure, so far as I am concerned, Grace shall never know a word of that.' t liver did not take the matter so lightly. Jrom his rapture of content he dropped into great gravity and walked about the room pulling at his moustache, which was a -custom he had when he was thinking. ' On' the contrary,' he said, ' I should have l-ked her to kaow before she took the last step that -that I haven't been a good fellow, Trix.1 * - liver, I shouldn't like to hear any one else *»y so. Charley says (this was her husband) tha- you've always been a good fellow in spite of ? ' ' In spite of what V 'W«-ll, in spite of — little indiscre tions,' said Trix, lookijg her brother in the lace, though she colored as she did so in spite of herself. ' That means ? ' he said, and walked up and down and pulled his moustache more and more It was a long time before he added — ' There is nothing that makes a man so ashamed of himself, Trix, as to feel tbat a woman like Grace — if there is anyone like her ? ' *Gh, nobody, of course !' eaid his sister. He gave her a look half angry, half tender ' You are a good woman too ; and to think that two girls like you should take a fellow at your own estimate, and pretend to think that he is a good fellow enough after all ; as if that is all that her — her husband ought to be.' ' Well, Noll,' said Airs. Ford, ' it is better not to go into details. Very likely we should not understand them if you did, though I am no girl, nor is she a baby either for the matter of that ; but whatever you have been or done, the fact is that you are just Oliver Wentworth .when all is said ; and as Oliver Wentworth is the man Grace has been fond of almost since she was a child, and who has been my brother eince ever he was born ? ' 'Stratge,' he cried with a curious out bunt, half Laugh, half groan, ' to think she should have kept thinking of me all this time, while I ? ' 'Have been in love with her, and con sidered her all the time the .first woman in the world. You told me so just now.' 'Yes,' he said, ' that's not a lie, though you may think it so. I did feel that — when I thought of ? ' and heire he paused and gave his sister a guilty look. ' When you thought of her at all ; you needn't be ashamed, Noll. That's the mac's way of putting it. We women all know that; but now that she is before jour eyes and you cannot help thinking of her — now it has come all right. ' Trix, too, gave a laugh which was half crying ; and then she dried her eyes and came solemnly up to him with a very serious face, and caught him by the arms and locked into his eyes. 'Oliver, now that all that's over, and you're an older man and understand thatlife won't go like that ; and now that you are going to marry Grace, the woman you have always loved, Oliver ; for the love of God, rb more of it now.' Be gazed at her for a moment with a flash of something like fury in his eyes, and then flung her from him with fierce. 1 indignation. ' Do you think I am a ? brute beast without understanding !' he cried. j Chapter H. i For a week or more after their be trothal tbetse two lovers were very happy. To be sure there was a great deal of re mark and some remonstrance addressed to -Grace about the antecedents of the n:an she was about to marry. ?' 'Various' people ep- ke to her, and ' some even wrote, which is a strong ? step, asking her if she was aware that Oliver Wentworth bad been supposed to be ' wild' or ' gay.' . or something else of the same meaning. ' It is generally supposed that a village or a email town is. the place for gossip, but I think society is made up of a succession of villages, and that there is no place, not I even London iteelf — that wilderness, that | great Babylon— in which people are hot j discussed by their Christian names, and ; everything that can be discussed, with ! perhaps a little more, is not known about them. Ironborough was a very large town, but the Wentworths and the Good harts had both been settled there for several generations, and they were known to everybody. And not only was it known universally and much talked of; that Oliver -Wentworth had been 'wild' and that he was poor,- and consequently that he must be - marrying solely for' money ; tmt it also raised a great ferment in the place that he should intend, instead of settling down ('and thankful for that') in Grace's charming house, which her old uncle, a man very learned in the art of making himself comfortable, had made so perfect, to carry off his wife to London' with him and live there — for the advantage of his work forsooth ! as if his work could be of any consequence in the menage, or as if he would ever earn enough to pay the house rent. Oliver was like , so many other young men, a barrister with very little to do. He had managed to keep himself going by a few briefs and ! a little literature, as soon as he had fully ' convinced himself by the prosess of ' spending everything else that he cou'd : lay his hands upon, that a man must live ' upon what he can make. Be was not of ! so fine a fibre as some heroes, who feel j themselvt s humiliated by their future ! wife's fortune, and whom the possible j suspicion of intere-.ted motives pursues ' everywhere ; but at the same ' tithe he ' was not disposed to be his wife's depen- j dent, and he knew the world well enough ' to be aware that with the backing of her wealth he would probably make a great deal more of his profession . than it had hitherto been possible for him to do. As for Grace herself, she talked of his profession, and of his work, and of the necessity for living where it would be most convenient for him, as if her entire future depended upon that and Oliver's work was to be the support of the new household. A girl without a penny, whose marriage was about to pro mote her to the delightful charge of a house of her own, and whose every new bonnet was to come from the earnings of her husband, could not have been more completely absorbed in consideration of all that was necessary for his perfect con venience in his work. She bewildered even Mrs Ford by the way she took up this idea. 'I honor you for what you say, aud I love you for it, Grace ; but still you know Oliver's prof essk n is not what you would call very — lucrative, is it? and he could do Us writing anywhere, you know ' 'Indeed, I don't know anything of the kind,' said Grace indignantly. ' He has to be constantly in the Bouse when it is sitting. He has to kuow everything that is going on. Would you think your hus baiid was well treated if he was made to . manage his work, say from the seaside or a country house, for your sake and the children's, instead of beiDg on the spot ? You know you would no», Trix.' ?' Oh, well, perhaps that may be so ; but then my husband — — ' faltered Trix, with a troubled look. She would have s»id — ' My husband is the bread-winner and everything depends on him ;' but she 'as daunted by the look in Grace's eyes, and actually did not dare to suggest that J ( liver would be in a very different position. I Mr. Wilbraham, the solicitor who managed j Miss Goodhart's affairs, interfered in the J same way with similar results. She was ; in a position of almost unexampled free- ! dom for so young a woman. She had - Beither guardians nor trustees. There was ' nobody in the world who had a right to dictate to her or even authoritatively to suggest what che ought to do, for the reason that all she had had came to her as it were inadvertently, accidentally ; because her uncle, who always said he intended to leave her nothing, had died without a will. Mr. Wilbraham was the only man in the world who had any right to Bay a word, and he had no real right, only the right of an old friend who had known her all her life, and knew every thing about her. Be said, when the settlement was toeing discussed (in which respect Mr. Wentworth's behavior was perfect, for all that he wished was to se cure his wife the undisturb.d enjoyment of what was her own), tbat he hoped Hiss Goodhart meant to remain, when she was married, among her owu friends.' ' I don't think you'_.w.-uld like London after Ironborougb,' h^/gai^ wi.th. .pgrfedt sincerity ; 'and to get a hTJuse like this in town would cost you a fortune, you know.' 'It is n t a question of liking,' said Grace, with all the calm of faitn ; ' of course, we must live where Mr Went worth's work requires him to live. He cannot carry ou hia profession in the country. ' ?1 he country !' said Mr. Wilbrahan, with a snarl which his politeness to an ex cel ent client could enly soften. ' Doe3 he call this the country ? and Mr. Went worth's profession, if you will permit me to say so, has never so far as I know- — ' * It is the country, though, you kno w,' taid Grace, preserving her temper, though with a little difficulty, 'though not ex actly what you could call fresh fields and pastures new.' And when he looked up at her Mr. Wilbraham made up his mind that it was best to say no more. A wilful woman will have her way. Perhaps it was only the lavish and tender generosity of her nature, which would let no one see that she was conscious her position was different from that of the majority of women ; but I think it went even a little further than this, and that Grace had got herself to believe that Oliver's work was all in all. Sh.e talked to him about it till he believed in it too, and they planned together the localities in which it would be beat to look for a house, in a place which should be quiet so that he might not be disturbed, and yet near every thing that he ought to frequent and see, a place where they would have good air and space to breathe, and' yet a place where his chau- \ bere, and his newspaper office, and the House should be easily accessible ; in sh itt, , just such a house as a rising barrister who was at the same timeaman of letters ought to have. Graee, especially, was very anxious that it should not be too far away. ' As for me, you know, it does not matter a bit — one place is just the same as another to me ; but everybody says a man's work loses when he is not always on the spot,' fbeiaid. Sometimes Oliver himself was tickled by her earnestness, but she was so very much in earnest that he fell into her tone, and did noteven venture to laugh at himself, which was a thing he had been very apt to do. And those consultations were very sweet. It is doubtful whether anything in life is so sweet as the talks and anti cipations of two who have thus made up their minds to be one, while as yet life keeps its old shape, the shape which they feel they have outgrown, and all its anticipation. Everything loses a little when it is realised. No house, to give a small example, is ever so convenient, so delightful, so entirely adapted for happy habitation, as the one which these ; two reasonable people actually expected to find To be Let in London. It was to have a hundred advantages which never come together; it was to be exactly at the right distance from the turmoil of town ; it wsb to have rooms arranged juat ' in this and that way ; it was to be very capable of decoration, and yet to hive a character of its own. Oliver's library was to be the best room in the house, and yet the, other sitting-rooms were to be the best rooms too. * I will not endure to have you pushed into avdark- Corner as poor Mr. Ford is,' said Grace. ' The master of the house, on whom everything depends, should always have the best. To be sure poor Mr. Kord does his work in hiB office, which is some excuse ; but your study, Oliver, will tell for so much. You must let me furnish it out of my own head,' He laughed a little, and colored, and said, ' Seeing you will probably furnish it out of your own purse, Grace ? ' At which she opened her eyes wide, and looked at him, then laughed too, a little, but gravely, as if it were not a subject for a jest, and said, ' Oh, I see what yon mean. You mean me to be the accountant and all that. Well, lam pretty good' at arithmetic, Oliver ; aud, ; of course, it might disturb your mind while , yon are busy, and I shall have nothing else to do. ' This was the way she took it, with a readiness of resource in parrying all allu ;??''* i' ' ~yy sions to her own wealth which was infi nite, though whether she succeeded in this by dint of much thought, or whether it was entirely spontaneous, the sugges tion of the moment, no one could quite make out The result upon Oliver, as I have said, was that he began to believe in himself too. Instead of laughing at his brief business, which had been his custom, he began to take himself and his work very seriously, and to think how he should apportion his time so aa not to leave Grace too much alone, as if he had ever found any difficulty in finding time for whatever he wisned to do. ' It is a pity, 'he said, 'that this season is just the busiest time, both in chambers and in politics ; but I must make leisure to take you about a little, Grace. To think of taking you about, and 'seeing everything again, fresh; through your dear eyes, is almost too delfghtf til. Would the time were here !' 'It will come quite soon enough, Oliver. We have not even begun to look for the house yet, and there ia all the furnishing and everthing to do. Don't you think you had better go lip to town and begin operations ? We may not be able, you know, just at once to light upon the right house.' ' Don't you think you had better come with me, Grace ?' ,;- ' I ? Oh ! Why shoold I go with you ? Surely,' shesaid,:witha laugh and a blush, 'you can do that by yourself.' ' How could I do it by myself ? I am no longer myself. I am only h*lf of myself. Come, and I shall go ; but I am not going to leave myself behind irie, and stultify myself. I shall not be one-half, but only about a fifth or a sixth of myself, for there is you, who ate the best part of me, and then my heart, which is the next btst, and my thoughts, which, along with my heart and you, really make up myself —at least all that is worth anything.' ' What an intolerable number of selfa !' she said. Though, perhaps, this was not vtry clever, it pleased them In that state of mind in which we are all so easily pleased. She said no more, however, and drew away from him, while he jumped to his feet at the opening of the door. The old butler came in with a letter^ on a tray. Ttere was something sinister in the look Of the letter. ; It was in a blu9 envelope, p,iid was directed in a very common un formed hand, 'Immediate' written on it in large letters. * Please, sir, Mrs. Ford's man do sayas they don't know if it's anything of impor tance ; but he has brought it, seeing as immediate's on it, in case it shou'd be business, sir.' The butler gave a demure glance at his mistress, who was still blush ing a good deal, as she had done when she pushed away the chair. ' Thank you, Jenkins,' said Oliver. He took the letter and looked at it before he opened it. He thought he had seen the handwriting before, bat could tot remember where. He felt a little afraid of it ; he could not tell why. Ha turned it over in . his hand and hesitated, and would have liked to put it in his pocket and carry it away with him for : peiusal afterwards. What could be so ' immediate' as to require his attention ' now— a bill, perhaps ? He ran over the list of possibilities in tbat way, and did not remember, anything. 'What is it, Oliver?' said Grace. ' Haven't you opened it ? Oh, but you must open it when it is marked 'imme- diate.' It must be business, of course.' * I should think it's a hoax,' he said slowly ; ' a circular, or something of that sort,' and crushed it in his hand. Then, as Bhe made a little outcry — ' Well, I'll open it to please you. All women, I per ceive, believe in letters,' he said with a smile. The joke was but a small one at the best — it seemed smaUer;and smaller as he opened the envelope .atflljead what was written within. Grace Iiad gone away to rearrange some flowers on the table to leave him at liberty. She -bent over them, taking out some that were beginning to fade, pulling them about a little till the moment should be over. It seemed to run into two or three minutes, and Oliver did not say anything or even move. He would generally say, ' Oh, it is so-and-so' — Bome friend who had sent his congratu lations. That was the ctiief subject of all their letters at the present time. They were letters which were handed from one to another with little notes of admiration. ' Poor fellow, he is as pleased as possible.' ' What a nice letter, Oliver. I am sure he must be fond of you,' and so forth and so forth. But he said nothing about this. . To. be sure it was -business. She turned round at last, not knowing what to do ; wondering, when your bride groom does not tell you of a thing, what is your duty in. the circumstances. To ask or to hold your tongue ? . Grace was not jealous, nor ready to take offence. And she was very anxious to do her duty. What ought she to do ? Be folded up the letter as. he heard her move and'turnedtowards her, but without raising his eyes. His face was clouded and dark. He put it into his pocket, and they sat down again and began to talk, but not as before, though of the same subject. At last he said abruptly, ' I think I will go up to town, Grace, ^ou suggested it, you know,' as if he had altogether for gotten all that he had said, which she had chidden him for and loved him ? for— all that pleasant nonsense about him self. She was startled for a moment ; then replied quietly, ' Yes, Oliver ; I do think it will be the best way ? ' Be continued hesitating — faltering. ' It is not for that only, my darling. This letter — I am afraid that I may have to go — a — a friend of mine has got into trouble. I — can't exactly tell what it is ; and wants me to go.' 'Oh, how sorry I am,' said Grace. 'Dear Oliver, it is natural people should turn to you when they are in trouble. TVho is he ? Do I know him ? Has he. written to you about — — ' ' I don't suppose ? he knows any thing about it. It is a friend I haven t heard of for a long tinie. Not one for you to know, but in great trouble. Dying, the letter Bays.' ' Oh, Oliver, go — go at once. Not for the world would 1 keep you from a dying man. Don't tell me any more than you wish, dear, but can I do anything — can I send anything. Is hs — oh, Oliver, forgive me— is he poor ?' i ' Forgive you ?'' he said. He held her close to him with a strain which was' almost violent, as if he could not let h-r .go. Then he said, ' Uo, my darling, you can do nothing. I may have helped to make things worse, and I am at the height of happiness, while this poor creature — this poor soul ? ' ' Oh^ Oliver go and comfort him,' she said. 'Don't lose a -train ; don't come back to Bay good- bye. Go — go.' Then, whileheheldheriuhis arms, shesaid, amd iig, ' It need not be. a ve y long parting, 1 suppose ?' . ' Any parting is long tbat takes me from you, Grace.' * But it is for love's sake. Good-bye. I'll do all I can do., Oliver. I'll pray for you — and him.'. ' C?od bless you, my dear love— not goodbje — till we meet again.' And then the door closed, and he was gone. : The day had grown dark, surely, all at once. ' It was a day in .early spring, aud very cloudy. A mass of dark vapor h il blown up over the sweet sky, and what a change it was all in a moment, from that pretty fooling about himself to this sudden parting. But then it was an errand of mercy on which he was going. God be with bim ! And it could not be for loa^. Nothing, neither trouble nor suffering, nor death of fiiends, nor any ere iced thing, could separate them long. Chapter IEL 1 Trix was not so quickly satisfied aa Grace had- been.- -'Goiog away,', she j cried, ' going to leave Grace- ! I thought : . . ? iv u ?: — '~T ? ; ? yotecbiufd^ndi bear 'io'-have her out of yoar sight.' ' I hope I was not such an as3 as to say so ; but I cannot help myself— it is an old friend ? ' * Who is he, do I know him ?' she said, as Grace had said. ' You men are so ridiculous about your friends. Probably somebody that did you nothing but harm, and whom you would be thankful never to hear of again.' ? Tou speak like an oracle, Trix ; but I must go all the same.' ' And why don't you say who he is? Ah, it was a great deal better for you, \- liver, when you had no friends that your sister didn't know of. Tell me who he is, at least ; tell me his name. ' ?' You would not be a bit he wiser. You know nothing whatever about him. Trix, ? take great care of her while I am away.' 1 Oh, as for taking care of her ! ? -' He went out of the room while she was speak ing to put his nece- saries into his bag. A. telegram had b;eh put into his hand as he entered the house, which had mide his face, if possible, still nure grave. And as - he lefther with that troubled countenance, his sister's mind was full of commotion and anxiety. She ran over every name she could think of, of people whom she had heard him speaV, wondering whose urgent claim this could be. She, too, felt the influence of that sudden cloud which blotted out the sky and brought the quick deluge of the spring shower pouring about the ears of the wayfarers. The darkness assisted her womanish imagination, as it had done that of Grace. It was like a sudden misfortune falling when no one thought of it. And Mrs Ford's mind was greatly exercised. When Oliver came into the room again ready to start she got up quicky and went to him, seizing with her two hands the lappels of his coat, { Oliver,' she cried breathlessly, ' I hope to goodness it is a him and not ? . You couldn't, you wouldn't — it isn't possible ' ' Suspicion seems always possible,' he said harshly, putting her away from him. Was it the natural indignation of one unjuBtly blamed ? ' [f that is all you think of me, what will it matter what I say V 'Oh,' cried Trix, who was Very impul sive, *Ibeg your pardon, Noll. It was only that I — it was because I am so anxious — oh, so anxious that everything should go well. You won't be long— noi, any longer than you can help V 'Not a moment,' he said. 'If I can return to-morrow I will. I hope so with all my heart. Going at all is no pleasure. Take care of her while I am away.' It seemed to Trix that he was gone be fore she had convinced herself that he was going. It was very sudden. He had not intended to go at all till after his marriage. He had said so only this morning, and why thiB change all in an hour. A frieud ! It must be a very intimate friend, Bhe con cluded, or he would not have thrown up all his plans to go and visit him. To be sure when a man is dying he is not likely to wait the convenience of another who is about to be married. She told her hus band when he came home in the evening, and he, a good man who was not wont to trouble himself by searching out hidden meanings, received the news with great placidity. ' Is it anyone we know V was his first question. ' I hope it may be the sort of friend who wll leave him some ? thing — a legacy couldn't come at a better moment.' This was a wonderful sedative to her alarms, and turned her thoughts into quite a different channel. It would be indeed a most suitable moment to have a legacy left him. Every time is suitable for that, but when a man is about to be married nothing could be more appro priate. Mrs. Ford went across in the evening after dinner to see Grrace. They lived quite near each other, and the Fords for that evening had no engagement She found her future sisfcer-in law sitting over ?a little bright file reading \a- novel, with papers beside her.on.rB'e. table, lwta from tie furniture shops, and sonje made out in her own handwriting of things tba« would be required in the new hou3e. Miss Goodhart receivtd Mrs. Ford very cordially. ' It feels so odd to be quite alone again,' she said, with a little laugh, which was slightly nervoup, 'and when one didn't expect it. So I was glad to find a new book. Poor Oliver, he will not have a pleasant journey. I hope he will find bis friend better. Is he a friend of yours too ?' ' He was in such a hurry he had not time to tell me, nor I to ask him,' said Trix, which was not, as the reader knows, quite tine. There was a little pause after this as if they each would have liked to ask questions of the other ; and then, no questi 3ns being poBEible, as neither knew, they plunged into furniture, which is a very enthralling subject. Trix, having experience, was able to give many hints, and to suggest a number of things Grace had left out — kitchen things, for instance. How can aDyoDe know about pots and pans, and how many are necessary, without practi cal knowledge supplied by recent ex perience? They both subdued a little dull pain tbey had about the region of their hearts by a good long talk on this subject, and parted quite cheerfully when Mr. Ford — who never had any pains in that region except those which are produced by a digestion out of order— came to fetch his 'wife ' Oliver will take the opportunity to do several things on his own hook, now that he has managed to tear himself away,' that gentleman said. 'The great diffi culty was to tear himself away. And T only hope his friend will leave him some thing. ' This, though it was so p-osaic, gave a real comfort to the two women. It brought his mission quite down from the mystery that hung about it to the range of commonplace affairs It waa not till Wentworth was fairly gone from the station, shut up by him self in a compartment . of a first class carriage, and unapproachable by any spec tator, that he took out from his pocket and read over again the letter and tele gram which had sent him away thus hurriedly out of the happiness of his new life. *J he letter was on blue paper, not without a suspicion of greasiness, and very badly written in a hand which might have been that of a Bhopman or a schoolboy. But it was Bigned by a female name, and this is what it said : — I 'Dear Mr. Wentworlh — J 'Alice came home in bad health three j months ago. She's been very bid ever j i since, and there is now no hopes of her. { It's consumption and heart complaint, and ' what the doctor calls a complication. For the last fortnight she's been weaker and j weaker every day, and yesterday was took j much worse, and hasn't but a day or two to live. She says as she can't die happy without steiiig you. She calls for you all the time she's waking both night and day. j Oh, Sir. .Wentwoith, you always was a kind gVntleman, not lik« some. I knoff as you : would have nothing to say to her if ehe was well, but being as she's very ill and near her death, I do hope as you'll j listen to me. You was the first as she ever took a fancy to, she says But if you come, oh, come at oncet, for there is not a moment to be lost. ' Yours truly, ' Matilda.' He unfolded the telegram afterwards and read that. 'If you want to find her in life come at once.' Wentworth remarked with a kind of horrible calm, and even a smile, that the telegraph people had corrected the spelling. This was the summons for which he had left Grace. He had read , both more than once. Now that he had ' obeyed the call he asked himself waa it ) indeed so necessary — ought he to have j done it? There had been something in the force of the contrast, something in ] the happiness which was so much more than he deserved, in the purity and nobleness of the woman who had giren him her hand, and who was making , her spotless atmosphere his, that- atua^ bim with that . intolerable, remorseful pity, the impulse' of whi:h is mt to be ' resisted.' Standing by the side of his bride, and on the edge of a life altogether above his deserts, he had felt that he could not resist this appeal to him. To refuse to speak a word of comfort to a dying creature — he, to whom God had been so good — how iraa it possible ? Com fort ! what comfort could he give ? He might bid her repent, as he had repented. But his repentance had been paid, it had been richly recompensed. It was setting open to him the doors of every happi Ziesa ; whereas to this sharer of his iniqui ties it was to be followed only by suffering and death. Wentworth had never been callous or hardhearted at his worst ; and now at his best, compassion .and remorse over whelmed him That he should receive that information, that appeal, with Grace's hand . in his, gave his whole nature a . shock. He felt that he must take him self away out of her presence ; and carry the recollections, the scenes that rushed back upon his mind, the image thus thruBt before hia eyes, away from her at least, even if he did not answer the ap peal. He was not of the iron fibre of some men. He could not carry these two images side by side. And then how did he dare resist such an appeal. 'You were the first.' He had said to himself that he was respon sible for the ruin of no other human creature; he was not a seducer; he tad used no wiles to draw anyone from the paths of virtue. Is that a defence when life and death are in the balance, and a man is arraigned before the tribunal of his own conscience ? When he went back into the recesses of his memory and beheld all that was there brought before him, as by a flash of lightning, and then remembered the position in which he now stood, he covered his face with his hands. He was ashamed to the bottom, of his bouI. The way of transgressors is hard. To anyone who had known all the facts it would have appeared that Oliver Weut ?worth was the most striking example of undeserved happiness. He had no right to all the good things that had fallen into hia lap. He had deserved a very different return for all that he haddone ; yet when he set out upon that railway journey with the touch of Grace's hand still warm in his, the shameand misery in his mind were anot unfit representation of those tortures which to most men are more real than the fire and brimstone of 'the bottomless pit. How was the recollection of what was past ever to be washed out of his memory ? He might repent -he had re pented; — and never' so bitterly a3 now ; but how was he to get rid of the recollec tion? In the great proclamation of mercy it is declared that God forgets as well as forgives: — 'Their sins and' iniquities will I remember no more.' But the sinner, how is he to forget, even ?when he believes that he is forgiven? Yet, whathewas doing wasnot shameful nor sinful. It was mercy that carried him away from all he loved to give what con solation he could to a dying creature whom he had never loved, who had been but the companion of his amusements for a mo mentof aberration, a period whichhe looked back upon with astonishment and disgust. How could he have forgotten himself so far? How could he have fallen into such depth ? His mind was so revolted by the recollection, such a horror and loathing filled him at the thought, that it was im possible to suppose that any softer senti ment lay concealed beneath. Hid he been a less tender-hearted man he would probably have thrown the letter into the fire, and perhaps s -nt a little money as the common salve for all suffer ings ; but his very happiness and elevation above those wretched recollections took from him the po*er to dismiss such, an appeal in this way. And' was it not' a certain atonement, at least an offeriug ot painful service such as the heart of man believes in, whatever may be its creed, to do this ? ; Tc-e mouey he could have sent would have cost him nothing — this cost him what was incalculable, a price al moBt beyond bearing. His agitation calmed a little as he pursued these thoughts. He could do her no good, poor creature, but if it pleased her, if it eased a little the last steps towards the grave ? Pe ariived in London late on a wet and cold spring night; in t-wn there was little visible of the shivering growth which makes a sudden chill in spring almost more miserable than winter, but the streets were wet and gleaming with squalid reflections, and the crowds even in the busiest thoroughfares were thin and sub dutd. Wentworth took a cab and drove through a part of London with which he was not familiar, through line upon line of poor little streets, each one exactly like its neighbors, lighted with few lamps, with a faint occasional shop window, few and far between, and with oi-ly at long intervals a dark figure under an umbrella going up or down The eodless extent of this network of streets, all poor, mean, dark yet decent, the homes cf myriads unknown, gave him a sense of weariness that many miles of country would not have produced. At last the cab stopped before one of the narrow doors, flanked with the little iron tailing, the usual parlor windowoverlooking a narrow little area. In the room above a light was burning, and all the rest of the house dark. In the parlor window was a square printed advertisement of some trade just visible by the lamplight, and a painted board of the same description was attached to the railings. The door was opened by a young woman with a candle in her hand, which nearly blew out with the entry of the blast of night air, and flickered in her face so that it was difficult to make out her features. She gave a little cry, 'Oh, it's Mr. Wentworth !' and bade him come in. To describe the sen sations with which Went worth realised his pceition, known and expected ia this house, going up the narrow stair which was all that separated him from the sick room, from the dying woman, between whom and himself he was thus 'acknow ledging a connection, is more than I can attempt. There was no secret here — a man in the slipshod dress of a worker at home looked out from the little back room and asked, ' Has he come ?' as he passed. On the top of the stairs an older woman, with the dreadful black cap of the elderly decent English, matron of the lower classes, came out to meet him, and . put out her hand in welcome. ' How do you do, Mr. Wentworth? She's that excited there's no keeping her still, and I'm so glad you've come.' In the face of all this his heart sank more and more. He felt himself no longer on a mission of mercy, but going to mtet his fate. Chapter IV. The room was sniatl and dingy ; oppo site to the dior an old-fashioned tent bed, hung with curtains of a huge patterned chintz, immense flowers on a black ground, a candle standing on a small table by the bedside, another faintly blinking from the mantelpiece, the dark ness of everything around bringing into fuller relief the whiteness of the bed, the pillows heaped up to support a restless head, a worn and ghastly face, with larg*, gleaming eyes, which seemed to have an independent, restless life of their own. The face had been pretty when Went worth had known it first. It was scarcely recognisable now. The cheek bones had become prominent, the lower part of the face worn away almost to nothing, the eye3 enlarged in their hollow caves, fc-he looked as she had been said to be — dying, except that the light in her eyes spoke of a secret force which might be fever, or might be because they were the last citadel oi life. But though she looked At the last extremity of existence, a few efforts had been made to ornament and adora the dying- creature, efforts which added un speakably, horribly, to the ghastly look of her face. The collar of her nighvdraas had been folded- over, a pink ribban, leaving bate an emaciated thro it, round which. waa a little gold chain, suspending a locket; and her hair still plentiful and pretty, the one human decoration whtsh : does not fade, was carefully dressed, _ though somewhat disordered by the con-' tinual motion of her restlessness It was all horrible to Wentworth, death ma^oe' , rading in the poor little vanities rfhicb. were so unspeakably mean and am ill in comparison' with that majesty; and all to please him, God help the forlorn crea ture, to make her look as when he had ' * praised her prettiness, she from whom every prettiness, every possibility of plead ing, had gone. She held out her two hands, which were worn to skin and bone, ' Oh, Oliver, my Oliver ! Oh, 1 knew he would, coma. Oh, didn't I say he would cime?' s\» cried. - Wentworth ? could; not bit t*k^ - the bony fingers into his- own'. . He sar that it was expected He should kiss her, ' but that was impossible. . He sat down' in . the chair which had been placed f jr hun by the bedside. . . ' ? ; - ? I am very sorry to see you so ill, my poor girl,' he said. ' '?_, ' Ill's not the word, Mr. Wentworth, ''. she's dying. She hasn't above an hour of two in this world,' said the mother,, or the woman who took a mother's place B- gave her a look of horrified reproach^ ' with the usual human sense that it is . cruel to announce' this fact too clearly. - 'I hope it is not quite so bad as that.' ' Yes, Oliver ; oh, dear Oliver, yes, yes, r eaid the Bick woman. ' This is— my last * nigtit — on earth.' She spoke with diffir. . culty, pausing and panting between the words, her thin lips distended with a - f mile, the smile (he could not help re- ; membering) that had always been a little artificial, poor girl, at her best. But even at that awful moment she was endea- : voring to charm him still (he felt with' horror) by the means which she supposed to have charmed him in the past. - ' ' Tell him, mother, tell him, I haven't got the strength.' She put ont her hands , for his hand, which he could not refuse; though her touch made him shiver, and * lay looking at him, smiling, with that awful attempt at fascination. He covered his eyes with his disengaged hand, .half be- . cause of the horror in his soul, half that' - he might noc see her face. ; * ; * Mr. Wentworth,' saidthe elder woman, ?' 'my poor child, sir, she's got one' last . wish,' the bony hands closed upon his with. - a feeble, yet anxious pressure as this was said. ? ' ; ' Yes. What is it ? If it is anything t can do for her, tell me. ; I will d.o any thing that will procure her a moment's pleasure,' he said. Fatal words to say ! but he meant them ' fully — out of pity first, -and- also out of »'.: burning desire, at any cost, to getaway. Anything for that ! He would have willingly given the half of what he possessed only to get away from this place — to return to the life he had left, - to hear this woman's name no more. ' ~ Once more the wasted hands pressed hia, and she gave a little cry. 'I kno wed it^ alwaya — mother, I told you ' ' Hush, hush, dear. Don't you wear yourself oi^t. You'll want all your strength. Mr. Wentworth, I didn't expect no less from a gentleman like you. If she hasn t been all she might have been, poor dear, though I don't want to blame you, sir, you're not the one as should say a word, for it was all ont of love for you.' — « Wentworth had it not in him to b» crnel, but he drew his jhand almost forcibly from between the girl's feverish - hands. ' What is the use of entering into such a question ?' he said * I do not blame her. .Let the past alone. What can I do ? for her now ?' - He had risen up. determined -to make ' his escape at all hazards ; but the little - cry the gave had so much pain-in it that'-' his heart was touched: He sat doirn : again and patted softly the' poor hsud that lay on the coverlet. 'My poor girl, ^ I -?on't want to hurt you,' he said. -*? ' Tou mustn't be harsh to her,1 said the - mother. ' How would you like to think that poor thing had gone miserable out of this world to complain of you, sir, before* the Throne ? - Not as she'd have the heart to do it, for she thinks there is no one' like you, whatever you may say to her. Mr. Wentworth, there's just one thing you can do for her. Make an honest woman of her, sir, before Bhe dies ' ? * ' What !'? said Wentworth, springing., once more to h-s feet. He- but dimly, ? vaguely understood %hat she meant, yet felt for a moment as: if he had fallen into; an ambush, as if he -had been trapped hra' den of thieves. He thought he saw . a man's head appearing at the door, and beard whisperings and footsteps on the , stairs. 3 his it was that produced the mo- ' mentary fury of his.cry ;_ but then he re- ? gained control of himself, and looking' rcund saw no one but the dying girl on the bed, and the elderly woman standing ' in front of him, looking at him with de precating yet earnest eyes. 'It's a great deal;' said the womaii,' 'and yet it's nothing. It's what will never harm you one way or another, what nobody will know, nor be able to caat ia,.? your teeth — that won't cost you anything-^ (except, maybe, a bit of a fee) : and yet * it's everything to her. It would make alt- ? the difference between goiog out of this '? world honest and creditable and going in ' her shame — which it was you that brought- ' her to if ' .-'. ' ' That's a lie !' said Oliver. W»3 it to be- ';- supposed he could think of civility at such : a moment? A desperate tremor seized told upon him. He got up and turned, ^ half blinded with horror and excitement,' towards the door. ' I am here,' he said,--' 'because — because— — ' ? ' . ?'' A h, because — why ? What could hs say ? He had meant to be kind — to make - up to her, anyhow, he could not tell how, ' for the fact that he was hippy aud she-^ dying. Be stood arrested with those-' words upon his lips, wkich he could- not-' say, half turned from her, facing the door ' as if he would have broken away. '' And then there came a low, despairing - cry from the bed, the cry as of a lost' creature. * Oh, Oliver, Oiiver, you loved - me once ! Oh, don't go and leave me. -? You loved me, and I loved yon.' . ' He would have cried out that it was - false ; but the breathless voice, broken by' panting that sounded like the last struggle, : the voice of the woman who was dying, while he was full of life and force, ' silenced him in spite of himself. ' The _ mother had fiownjboherto raise her head,-' to give her something from a glass on the table, and he, too, turned again awe stricken, thinking the last moment had come. . [ 'And you can stand and see her like ' this,' said the woman by the bedside in a; low tone. ' You that are well and strong; and have the world before you, and let ; her go out of it at five and t^euty, a girl - as you made an idol of once, a girl as you have helped to bring to this ; aud w -n'c lift a finger to satisfy her before she dies, - to give her what she wants, and whit will make her happy for the last hour' before she dies.' ' . . The girl truly was past speech. She lay back against her mother's breast, her own worn and emaciated shoulder heav ing with convulsive struggles for the de parting breath. She could not speak, but ' those eyes which were so living while she was dying turned to him with a look of such appeal, such entreaty that he coull not bear the sight. They were large with; fever and weakness, liquid and clear and dilated, as the eyes' of the dying often are, like two stare glowing out in sadden', light, from the pale night of her face. Hb could ' not endure the dumb entreaty in them. Decried out, 'What do yott; want me to do ?' with despair in his voic3, and a sense that whatever they asked of him he could not now refuBe. ' ?To do her justice,' said the mother. ' Oh, Mr. Wentworth ! to make up\ to. her' for all she's suffered. To make har.aa.: honest woman before she dies,-' _ ; , 3]je girl's dying lips moVed-bat bosouaal1' was heard ; she still kept that terribla smile, and her eyes held 'him witK toa* prayer, too intense for wosta. Oliver/ turned away his head not to see them, ] then turned back again as if in them there was somespell. A passionate impatience pricked hu heart, for it was not true.. They had not been to each other what ?was said. l*-ve ! Love was too grand a word to be mentioned here at all. It had been utter folly or worse, it had not been love. She had been too slight for such a word ; but she was not too slight for death. For no soul is too mean or poor ; and death is as great as love is, and com . pels respect. She drew his eyes to her so that he^ could not free himself. Hie said in an unnatural, stifled voice, * Whatever yon want from me — this is not the — the time. There is nothing to be done to-night — and after to-night — ' he could not say the words — he waved his band towards the bed. She was dying now — now — before their eyes. *I know what you mean,' said the mother with dreadful calm. * She won't last out the night. Very likely she won't, but that's what nobody knows except her Maker, if she don't, you can't do nothing, and nobody here will say a word. But if she do ! Give her your word, Mr. Wentwoithj as you'll marry her to-morrow if she lives, and she'll die happy. She'll die happy ; whether it comes to anything, or whether it don't — Mr. Wentworth, sir, do for the loveof God.9 Ihe girl recovered a little, gasping for breath. ' I'll die happy, whether it comes to anything ? ' Even this little rally showed more and more the nearness of the jend. Be iad shrunkat the word ' marry' 'as if it lad been a blow aimed at him, but he could not escape from the tragic per sistence of those eyes. And overwhelmed as he was, a little - hope stirred in him. . He said to himself, ' She can never live till to-morrow.3 Why should he resist if words would Jtnake her happy? for she was surely dying, and she never could take him at his word. * If that is all, I will promise,9, he said. The light in hereyes seemed to give a leap of joy and triumph, then closed, with nickering eyelids, he thought for ever; he cried out involuntarily, and made a step nearer to the bed. When her eyes; were closed she looked like one who had been dead a day, nothing but a faint convulsive heave of the: shoulders show ing there was life in her etill. 1 he. mother busied -herself about the half-unconscious creature, putting the cordial within her lips, supporting the pillows against her own breast. ' You will have an easy bargain,' she said, as she went on with these; cares, ' but any how well bless you for what you say. Matilda, give me the drops the doctor left for her when she felt faint. She is very low now, poor dear. Mr. Wentworfch's behaving like a gentleman, as you always said he would. He has promised to marry her = to-morrow morning, if she lives. She'll not live, but she is satisfied, poor dear!9 Matilda had come so softly into the room that she startled him as if she had been a ghost. ' I knew as he would do it when he saw how bad she was ; but, lord, what do it matter to the poor thing now? This was his own opinion. Ina fewmore minutes there was a bustle downstairs, I which Matildapronouncedto be the doctor coming, and Wentworthwentdownto wait until he had. paid his visit. The little parlor below had one candle burning in it, for the benefit of those who went and ; came. The young man was left there for 1 a few minutes alone. To describe the I condition in which he was is hn- j possible. His heart was beating with ! a dull noise against his breast. All I that had been so bright to him a little \ while before had become black as night. j TTy could not think ; only contemplate, j what was before him dumbly, with horror j and disgust andf ear. Hehad given apledge, j but it was a pledge that never would call \ for fulfilment — bo, no, it never could be j fulfilled — it would be like a nightmare, a ! dreadful dream, from which he would i awake by- and-bye and find the sun shin- ) ing and ad' well. After a while he heard { the doctor's heavy foot come clamping j down the wooden staircase. He was j angry with the man for having so little \ delicacy * for making so much noise when :j his -patient was dying. Presently he j came in to give his bulletin to the gentle- j man, whom he perceived, at once to be ,j somehow very deeply concerned. ! 'Last tte night ? Bfo, I don't think j she'll last the night j but you never can I tell exactly with such nervous subjects. \ She might put on a spurt and come round j again for a little while.9 j ' Then,' said Wentworth, with a sense ' that: he was acquiring information clandes tinely, 'there is. no hope of any perma nent recovery?' ' i The doctor laughed him to scorn. If he had not been a parish doctor, accu3 tomeid to very poor patients and their ways,: he. would not have allowed himself to laugh in such, circumstances. ' When she has not above half a lung, and her heart- is — but you don't under- - stand these matters, perhaps. She may make.a tally for a few hoars, but X doubt if she will see out the night. ' After this Wentworth went home to the closed-up chambers, where nobody expected him, and -to which he got admit tance under difficulty. He had to walk miles, he thought, through those dreadful .' streets, all like each other, all gleaming ! with the wet, before he could even find a ? cab. There was no strength left in him- ! Hie -went on and on mechanically, and j anight, he thought have been wandering j all night, but that the sight of a vacant - cab*: which he knew he wanted, brought j inm back to a dull sense of the necessity ; of shelter. The cold rooms, so vacant and unprepared, which were just shelter and so more, were scarcely an improve ment upon the mechanical, march, and j movement, which deadened his mind and j made him less sensible of his terrible position. It had been arranged that if she were still alive in the morning a mes senger was to ba sent to him, and that j ihen he was to take the necessary steps to ! redeem his pledge. But he said to him- j self that it was impossible— that she could I sot live till morning. It was a horrible \ xnoment £ or -a man to go through— a man I trhoBe life had blossomed into such glad- i aess and prosperity. But still, if he could j but be sure that nothing, worse was to . j came of it — and ? what could come of it . -when the doctor himself was all but oar tain that she could not see out -the night ? Chapxeb, V. Oliver spent a disturbed and sleepless I night. Be went to bed as a form, one of j those .things that people do mechanically, J and because the cold of the shut-up j rooms went to his heart. But .he was astir very early, before it was.daylight. Be had not slept but only dozed, miser ably repeating in dreams, which that film of half sleep made . into mere distortions, his waking thoughts. The circumstances - of the past evening, the journey, the leave taking with Grace, the .horror at. the end. — it was a relief to be fully awake and J lave only reality to -contend whh, miser- ! able as that was. Dawn came slowly, i slowly, ? stealing, filtering in marred aud . j broken light through toe clouds and the j rain which had continued all through the ! liight. His whole being was concentrated i in expectation of a sound at his door.. ! Every moment which passed ; without a summons encouraged him. He said ±o ! limself, 'It must be all over, all over.' j A. dozen .times -the tension of his great \ excitement 'Seemed to produce a ting- i ling in the silence which simulated the ! sound of the belL Bat it was nothing, j and the cold dawn gradually .developed ! into full but colorless day. Be was say- I 3og to himself -for the hundredth time, ! ? It must be all over,9 and feeling for the ! first a little, ease in his mind as if . it might j really be -so, : when suddenly the bell ' rang, ; Ah 1 that was no vibration of -ex- i citement in, the air ; it was the bell wry \ distinctly,' loudly ruog, and pealing iato ! the stillness.; It: rang and echoed, into, i Wentworth'a very heart, the brasen tinkle wounding him like a knife, so sud den, so sharp, and real. There was no one to open the door but himself, no ons in the place to do anything for him. He did not move for a moment, finding that he needed time to recover from the sting of that blow, when it was repeated more Bharply still, not without impatience. It occurred to him, then, that it might be something else than the messenger of fate — the postman, perhaps — some one who had nothing to do with his tragedy. These hopes, if hopes they could be called, were dissipated, however, when he opened the door. Outside stood a young man in shabby clothes with a face which reminded him .of poor Alice at her best, * Mother sent me to tell you that Ally's living and a little better. If you'll come at eleven she'll have the parson there as visits in pur street.' * If I come at eleven !' Oliver said, with a gasp. ' She said you would understand. I don't know as I do. I think they'd a deal better let you alone. What good can you do her ?' Here seemed a help, an advocate, and Oliver looked at him with an eagerness that was almost supplication, 'That is wfcat I think,' he said, ' what good can I do. her? It can only agitate her and hasten the end. ' 1 Well,' said the young man, ' it's none of my business. Mother and the rest will have it their own way. But as for hasten ing the end that's the best thing that could happen, for she do nothing but feel bad lingering there. At eleven o'clock, and to look sharp, for the parson will be waiting, mother said. Good morning,' the youth added, turning quickly and going off down the stairs. He began to whistle after a few steps, then stopped briefly with an oh ! of recollection, as if remembering that to whistle was indeco rous in the present position of affairs. Oliver went back to his cold and empty rooms with a sense that life was over and his heart dead within him. It seemed to fall down to some impossible depths, down to a grave of silence and darkness. He shut the door mechanically, and went back and sat down where he had been sitting before, and stared with blank eyes in front of him into the vacant air. God had not interposed to deliver him. But why, he asked himself, should God have interposed — God had not been consulted or referred to in all this connection, in any thing that had passed ; and why unasked, nndesired, should He step in now like a heathen god or a tutelary deity to set all right ? Oliver did not feel that he could make any appeal even now to Him who was righteousness and purity to help him out of the consequences of his own folly and sin. C'h, yes, it was true many men had done as much whom no judg ment overtook, who lived fair before the world, and had no shame put upon them, and forgot that they had ever stepped aside from the paths of virtue. He had himself almost forgotten — almost — till contact with a purer life and the gift of it to be his companion, andail the happiness to which he had so little right, had brought compunction to his soul. He remem bered now how he had told Grace that he had not been a good man— and she had stopped him- as the father in the parable stopped the prodigal in his confession — she had stopped him, putting her pure hand upon his lips, throwing her white ness over him like a mantle. But there had been judgment waiting behind. Jus tice had been standing watching his futile attempts at escape, with a face immovable, holdicg her scales. He had been weighed and found — ah, no one but himself knew how entirely — wanting. And now here was' the. price to pay. He had promised, and he could not escape. After a moment he tried to say to him self that these solemn thoughts were inap propriate, that after all it was not much of a matter — to pleasing a dying woman, whom he had been supposed to love once ; to give her a little pleasure, poor soul, a little poor spectre of pleasure on the day of her death — where was there a man so . hard-hearted that would not do that ? And then he had not any time to think ; if he were to fulfil this miserable appoint ment he must do what was necessary at once. He rose and got his bank-book out of its drawer and looked over it carefully calculating how much he had. He had (he had gone over the calculation so often) enough for the wedding trip which Grace and he had arranged to make, and in which at least, he felt that her money must not be touched. He had enough for that, aud to pay a few little debts, those little foolish things that accumulate without thinking — enough to wind up everything honorably and start fair. Beseemed to be tearing the heart out of his breast when he tore out th.3 cheque which he must presently pay for a special licence — a licence ! to marry, heaven help him ! to marry ; he who was the bridegroom of Grace Goodhart, his name already publicly linked with hers. The horror of these names and words gave bins each a new sting and stab ; but ?p-hat were words in comparison with the thing which, lie was about to do. He setout presently, pale, ?with.hiseyes red like those a midnight reveller, his face haggard with misery, with want of rest and food aud sleep, and got a cab aud drove to the place where the licence was to be procured. That done he turned his face to the monotonous endless streets, the disused shabby quarter where his business was. Finding he had a little time to spare he dismissed the cab, and walked aud lost himself in the fathomless maze, and arrived late at the house. The young woman, Matilda, was standing at the door looking out for him, the youth who brought the message within, the area rails, the mother with the blind a little pulled aside in the room above, looking out too. There .was a ray of pleasure and welcome when he appeared * I knew as you'd come,' cried Matilda, 'and so did she; but mother was fright ened a bit, not knowing you, Ol ? Mr. Wentworth, like we do — -~9 Oliver grew sick as he stepped into the narrow pas sage. The half sound of his own name which she had not ventured to pronounce fully, seemed to open another vista be fore him. He would be Oliver to this woman, too — a member of the family. Be went in, scarcely knowing where h.e went. In the parlor was the clergyman, who met him severely, saying that he had been kept waiting for nearly half an hour. ' .And my time is precious ; not like that of an idler.' He was a severe young; man in the Bigh Church uniform, thin and meagre with overwork and earnestness. ' I am glad,' he said, ' that you have made up your mind to do justice to your vic tim at the. last.' ' My victim !' said Oliver. But what was the use of any explana tion? Be began to recognise that in. ordinary parlance the was his victim, and that it might be considered an act of justice; ..and also that to explain to a severe puriot, a man burning with the highest canoiiB and sentiments of morality, how such a thing could be without any victim in the matter, or any personal wrong, however hideous the sin, would be an offence the more. He stood by almost stupidly while the young priest, with his keen, clear cut, chuwkman-like face, put on his surplice and prepared himself for the ceremony ; then, with a sinking of heart beyond description, followed him up the narrow wooden stairs, which creaked at every step. He said to himself that this was the fiend endowed with every virtue who had put it into the woman's head to drag him to his undoing ; but so miserable was he that he felt no auger, no resentment against the meddling priest, a? men are soapt to do. He recognised that it was no doubt the young clergyman's nature, that he thought it his duty ; that to this man he himself was a vile seducer of women, and the poor victim upstairs a confiding, loving girl, whose fame had been ruined and her heart broken. These thoughts were so strangely out of keeping with the facts, and he regarded them with Buch 'a dazed impartiality, that when he entered the room in which this dreadful ceremony was to take place there was a smile upon his lips. But the smile was soon driven away by the sight which now met his eyes. In the soft suffusion of the daylight the dying woman was scarcely so ghastly as by the light of the candle on the night before, but the spectacle she pre sented was more dreadful than anything that Oliver had been able to conceive. The decorations of a bride dressed for her wedding, or rather a hideous travesty of those decorations, surrounded the worn and sunken face. Some dreadful artificial flowers— orange blossom, of all things in the world ; no idea of the meaning of it being in their minds, but only a grotesque . acquaintance with its general use afc weddings — were placed in a bristling wreath about her head. The pink ribbon was withdrawn and bows of ghostly white placed at her throat and hands ; aud over all there was thrown a veil coarsely worked with huge flowers, through which the gleaming eyes, the mouth distended with its ghastly smile, showed like a living death. A cry of horror burst from Oliver in spite of himself ; and even the rigi I priest ?was moved. ' Why did you do her up like that V he said in a sharp tone to Matilda, who stood admiring her handiwork. The poor creature herself had a look of delighted vanity in her terrible gleaming eyes. The mother had a mirror in her hands in which she had been displaying her own appearance to the bride. The bride ! Oliver turned away and hid his face in his hands. 'I cannot — I cannot carry out this farce,' he said.. The curate placed his hand upon Went- : worth's arm — ' You must,' he said, with his severe, unpitying voice. . 'Whose fault is it that this is a farce ? Stand for ward, sir, and give this poor wreck, this creature you have ruined, what compen sation you can at the last.' Oliver raised his eyes to his uncompro mising judge with a wonder which para lysed all effort. ' You are mistaken, ' he said, but to pause now was impossible ; he went forward doggedly and placed him self by the' bed, and listened with a dull horror as under a spell to those words — those words which ha had thought of under so different a meaning, words of solemn joy and devotion, words that could only be endured for the sake *-f the pledge they sanctified. He listened, and he took his part like a man in a dream Be had provided no ring, and the ceremony was interrupted till an old ehabby little trinket, set with some dis colored turquoises, was hunted up from a drawer. But it was completed at last, and she was his wife — his wife ! She put back the veil with a nervous movement, and inclined her head towards his. Was that necessary, too ? was there to be no end to these exactions ? ' Oliver !' she cried. He turned from her sick to the heart. 1 Take these fooleries away ; don't you see how horrible it is ?' he said to Matilda, and hurried down stairs, flying from the look and the touch of the woman who, oh heaven ! was now his wife. The little priest followed him. He was as severe as ever. ' You have done some thing in the way of atonement,' he said, ' but if this is how you are to follow it up I warn you that such an atonement will not be accepted. It must be from the heart. ' Oliver turned upou him. He seemed to becoming to life again after the dismal paralytic fit through which he had passed. ' Did it ever happen to you,' he said, ' to make a mistake V The clergyman had begun to take off ; his surplice. He turned round in the ! act and looked at Wentworth. But the question did not daunt him as it would ' have daunted many men. ' Possibly,' - he replied, ' though very seldom : as a man. In discharge of my office I make no mistakes. ' 'You have made one now,' said the j bridegroom. ' Oh, I do not excuse my i self. I know well enough how hideous, { how paltry, how miserable is vice — but it : : was not for me to make atonement. I ! was no deceiver, no seducer ? ' 1 You are a man of education and in telligence,' said the other in his keen .. clear tones, ' and she was an ignorant i foolish girl. Is not that enough — did ? } you ever meet on equal terms ? And | now you are not on equal terms, for you ] are well and strong and she is dying — ! perhaps with only a few hours to live ? ' Oliver drew back without a word. It ! was the argument that had moved him at ? first, which he had found irresistible. He ! at the height of happiness aud she dying ; j but he was not at the height of happiness 1 now. A more miserable man could not j be. How was he to explain thia day'a : work when all was over, when he- was ? free. Was it possible that Grace would j understand him, that she would still ac i cept his hand which had been pledged i under such different circumstances, that ; had been given away from her to another, ? and such another ! He could not. go back . I into the room where it had been done, j or see the poor creature who was his bride with all her dismal paraphernalia about her. Ee went out and walked and walked till his limbs trembled under him. . Then he remembered that ha had not eaten anything that day. By this time it was afternoon, darkening towards even ing, still drizzling wet and miserable. He got himself some food,, a kind of hasty dinner, in the first tavern, he catne to, and then, strengthend a little and calmed, went back. Perhaps, dreadful hope, it might be all over by the time he had traversed the many streets and had reached again that miserable place of fate. Chapter VI. It was a dreadful hope to lie down with at night and rise up with in the morniog — that morning or night might bring him the message tbat all was over aud that he was set free. But it was still more dreadful that this message never caaie. When he saw her next she had rallied, rallied amazingly, the doctor said ; but he added tbat it was only a flicker iu the socket — only a question of time — a day or two, perhaps anhouror two. Oliver had re- ? vuleionaof pity, attended with a loathing which he could scarcely keep undar. , He had to sufler himself to be drawn towards her, to feel his neck encircled by her arms, to listen to her as long as he could ; bear it, as she told him how often she had thought of him, how she had never I loved any man but he, how she had felt . she could never die in pease till she had | seen him again. It required all his pity for her to strengthen him for these con fessions, to enable him to meet that meretricioussniile,thoseghastly little tricks ' of fascination which he could remember . tohavel&ughed; at evenin other^times. How ; horrible they were to him now no words : could say. He went through the same miserable streets caily till he shuddered ? at Msown errand and at the dreadful hope j that was always in. his heart in spite ot : himself, the hope that he might ? hear that all was over. His mind re ! volted against this with a selfindig I nation and rage against all that had i brought it about, against the wrong done j to the most miserable of human creatures I by wishing her death, and against himself I for the weakness which had .brought him into that strait. To live with no desire so strong in ftim as that this poor, girl should die, to make his way to the poor little house that sheltered her day by day, sick with hope that he might hear she was dead. Oh, what, was this but murder — murder never coming to any execution, but involved in eveiy thought. But then., there came upon this unhappy man some thing more dreadful still, the moment in which a new thought sprang up in him— the thought that it was not to be over, that she was not going to die, that the ' flicker in .the socket of which the doctor : had spoken -was the .filling in of. oil to°. the flame, the rising of new force and life. When this thought occurred to him, what with the horror of the possibility and the j horror of knowing that- he grudged that j possibility, and would take life from her j if he could, Oliver's cup seemed full, des- j pair took possession of him. Everything ! grew dark in heaven and earth. She was j going to live, not to die ; and what, oh, ' what, most miserable of men, was he to I do ? The first thing was a change in her j phrases when she talked to him of her ! own devotion, of her longings after him. ? I knew as it would give me a chance for my life if I could see you once again. ' It had been at first only to die in peace after she had aeen hioi that ehe proposed. And when his eyes quickened with horrible suspicion, began to note more slowly, he perceived that her voice was much stronger, that her emaciation was not so great nor her breathing so difficult. She was going to live, not die j and what was to become of him ? What was he to do? All this time, and it went on quickly gliding by day after day, and week after wtek, he scarcely could tell how, he was receiving letters and calls back, and anxious enquiries and appeals from those he had left behind. Grace wrote to him first a letter of simple love aud anxiety, hoping his friend was better, anticipating news from him ; then more serious, hear ing that his friend's illness was grave in deed, that he was absorbed in nursing, but begging for a word ; then growing alarmed that something should have hap pened to him ; then with an outburst of feeling, entreating to know what it meant, imploring him only to tell her, was there a reason, even if he could not say what that reason was. Then silence. But even this lasted but for a few davs. She again wrote to say that she could not be lieve that he had changed, that it was to her incredible ; but should it be so, im ploring to know from himself that it was so. The dignity and the tenderness and the high trust and honor which would not permit any pettiness of offence went to his very heart. He sent her a few miserable lines in reply, imploring hec to wait. ' Some of my sins have fouud me out,' he said, 'the sins I acknowledged to you. But oh ! for the love of God, do not abandon me, for then I shall lose all hope.' He got from her in return two lines, c I will never abandon you unless I have it from your own hand that I must.' And then no other word. But Trix plied him with a thousand. What did he mean flying like this from his betrothed and his family aud all his prosperity ? What did he mean, what was his reason, what in the name of all that was foolish was he thinking of 1 Did he mean to break his word, to give up his engagement, to break all their hearts ? What was it ? What was It ? What was it? He left her letters at last unopened. He could make no answer to them. Be could give no explanation Every day ha had hoped that perhaps — perhaps And now that this horror had come over him he was less disposed to write than ever. If it should be as, God forgive him, he feared, what was there in store for him ? What could he do ? The veins of his eye balls seemed to fill with blood, aud the air grew dark in his sight ; a blank sinking void opened before him ; he could per ceive only that he would be swallowed up in it, swept beyond sight and knowledge ; but for the others who loved him he did not know hew to reveal to them the ter rible cause. During all this time of suspense he was very kind to the woman to whom he had linked himself like the living to the dead. He got her every thing she wished for — delicate food, fine wine, all that could afford a little ease to her body or amusement to her mind. Such forms of kindness are appreciated in regions where life is more practical than sentimental. rllie mother and sister sang his praises. ' Die ! no, he don't want you to die,' they said ; ' what would he send you ail these nice things for, and feed you up, and get you that water-bed that cost such a deal of money, if he wanted you to die. But you're that exacting now you're Mrs. Wentworth that ? you can't be content.' 'I'm Mrs. Wentworth ; that's one thing none can. take from me,' she said. He heard her as he came up the narrow stair, trying as no one else did to make as little noise as possible, and that wave of loathing which sickened his very soul came over him. How horrible it all was, incredible, impossible, that she should bear that name, that it should be bandied about in a place like this — his mother's name, his wife's. Ah ! but it was she who was his wife. This- was the evening when she said to him, ' I feel I am really getting better, OJiver. I believe I'll cheat the doctors yet, and it will all be your doing, dear. You'll take me abroad and my lungs will come right, aud we shall ba as happy as the day is long.' He made no reply, bat avoided the hand with which she tried to draw him to her, and asked a few questions of her mother, then bade her good night. He met the doctor as he was going dowa stairs, and waited to hear his bulletin.. The parish doctor had found his manners, which had only been put aside whan there was no need for such vanities ; but he was not used to fine words. He said — 'That wife of yours is a wonderful woman ; it seems as if it might be possible to pull her through after all. She has such pluck and spirit, and that's half the battle.' 'You told me,' said Wentworth, with a sternness which waa almost threatening, ' that there was no hope of recovery.' ' \ ou don't seem best pleaded with my good news,' said the doctor with a laugh. 'As for hope of recovery, there wasn't a scrap in her then state. And her life isn't worth a pinch of snuff even now, but with a husband that can take her abroad to a warm climate and give her every luxury, why there is hope for any woman ; and X can but say I think it possible that she may pull through That should be good news for you —though perhaps unex pected,' he said, with a keen glance. Wentworth made no reply. He bowed his head lightly, and went out before the doctor, walking away iuto the darkness and distance with a straight, unobservant abstraction. He never looked to right or left ; went out of his way for nothing, a.% if he saw nothing in his way. The doctor, looking after him, observed this idly, aa people observe things that don't concern them. He thought that on the whole it was a very curious incident He could not think of any motive that could have brought about such a marriage. He wondered a little what the man could be thinking of to do such a thing ; a woman who had long lost any signs of prettiness, if she had ever possessed any ; poor, un educated, and of damaged character. Why had he married her ? aad, having mirried her, was he disappointed that she did not die ? He stood and watched Wentworth till he was out of sight, saying to himself that he should not be surprised if that man were found in the river or on Hainpstead B eath some of these days. But it was no concern of his. Oliver went home to his chambers, walk ing all the way. It waa a very long way, and when he got there he was very tired, very tired and sick to death. He ate a mouthful of the dinner provided for him, and drank a glass or two of wine, dully, silently, keeping his thoughts, as it were, at bay, not allowing himself to indulge in them. Afterwards he eat down at his writing table, and wrote a long, a very long letter, -which he closed and sealed, getting up to get matches to light his taper, and searching in every corner he could think of for the sealing wax ; though why he should seal it he could not have explained. It was a mark of special solemnity in keeping with the great crisis and the state of mind in which he was Af terwardshe sat down again, and thought long and very gravely. - He went over the position in every . possible point, of view. There could not be a more hopeless one. Betrothed to a woman ; he loved and approved with every faculty , of his being, yet married to one whom be j did not pretend to love, for whom, at the ? best, he had no feeling above pity — and at the worst ? There began to pene trate into his brain, unused to such, thoughts, a- dull suspicion that he might have been all through the victim of a cheat ; but it did not make much dif ference, and he felt no resentment, noth ing but a profound sensation of hopeless ness, past help or care. Whether it was deception all through, or whether it was the judgment of God upon him who had Binned and had not suffered, and had been on the edge of winning, he so unworthy, the best that man can have in this world — it did not seem to matter much. la either case the result was the same — that here he stood with life made impossible to him, with a blank wall before him and nothing to be done, no way of deliver ance nor even of escape. He looked out in that curious blank way over the future, asking himself what it would be his duty to do. It would be his duty to take her away to a warm country, as her doctor had said— to give her all ihe care that she required, 'every luxury,' these were the words — and so ensure her recovery. To do anything else would be inhuman. And as for Graoe — ah, for Grace. To him she must henceforth beasacred thing apart. He must notseeher, speak to her, lean his heart upon her evermore. That ? was all ended — ended and over. He had written along letter to his brother-in law, telling him all the circumstances. He was not a man who could go on with deceits and false pretences, trying miserably to stand be tween one and another. He might have done that, perhaps, for a time, might have beguiled Grace with letters, and ex plained by any false excuse his detention in London, his absence from her ; but to what good ? One day or other it would all have to be disclosed now that it was evident that this woman was not going to die ; however long he might fight it off the necessity- would come at last. And it was better that she should know now than only at the moment when he should be leaving England with his wife. His wife ! Oh, terrible word ! oh, awful, im possible fate1! This sudden realisation of what was before him made his mind start like a res tive 'horse, and he found himself once more before that blank. It would be his duty to doit, and he cou'd not do it. He did. - not trifle with himself nor elude this question any more than he could deceive' the woman he loved. He looked out upon what was before him, and he said to himself that he could not do it — he could not pretend to do it. Other men might have the courage, but not he. There was only the coward's remedy re maining to him, only the bass man's way, to turn and flee. He had written it all in his letter to Ford, although it seemed to him that when he wrote that letter he had not. so clearly perceived that there was only one thing to do. He had bidden his brother-in-law secure a living somehow for the wretched creature who bore his name, to use the little he would leave for her, and to eke it out, or finally — with the boldness of a man whom earthly motives had ceased to sway — to put this last terrible legacy in the hands of Grace. ' I know she will do it,' he had said. He knew she would do it. God bless her 1 She would understand why of all dreadful things he dared to have asked that of her, and she would do it. That was all there could be to arrange before ? Oliver was not of that mind that is the mode of the present period. He was no doubter. He believed in the canon against self slaughter, as well as in , righteousness and judgment to come ; but . there is something in the unutterable ; sensations with which a man finds him self thus placed before evils which are too many for him, driven to the last extremity and unable to move one way or the other, which works a strange change upon his mind on this as on other matters of faith. . When we are doing any act in our own person it never seems so strange to us, so . unnatural, as when we contemplate it from the point of view of another man. He did . not think eiiher of the sin or of the cowardice. He thought only of the last report, the last way of escape from that which was intolerable, which was more . than, man could do. To describe the way by which a man comes to thia point, to entertain the idea of ending his own life, is impossible. Those who are brought so far seldom survive to tell how it has been. It seemed to Oliver some thicg like the arising and going to the Father of the prodigal. God, it seemed to him would understand it all; the can fusion in his soul, the intolerableness, the impossibility. Though everyone else mis understood, God would understand ; and , as for the punishment that nrght follow, he thought he could take that like a man. Fo punishment could be equal to this He would say that he did not mean to avoid punishment, that he was ready for j anything, only not this ; not the ghastly j life which was insupportable, not the ; falsehood, not the treachery. S offering, honest suffering, yes — torments if God thought it worth the trouble— anything . except this, which was more than he could bear. His mind was all wrong, confused, stupefied with all that had happened to him and with the turning upside down of all his purposes, and the bitter ending to what had been a good impulse, surely a good impulse, an impulse of pity without . consideration of himself ; also with the wretched state in which he had been liviDg, the want of food, the want of sleep, the sense of treachery to all he loved, the union to all he loathed ; it was all intolerable, insupportable, turning his brain. He had a pair of pistols in his room — pretty toys, decorated with silver, wrought in delicate designs — which some one had given to him. He took them down and opened the box and examined them curiously to see how they worked and that all was in. order. E e looked at the little bullet which could do so much, and weighed it in his hand with a dazed smile, and a kind of strange amusement. So little — and yet in thia lay that for which, not all the wealth in the world could find an antidote. Be charged them both with a smile at himself for that too, thinking how very unlikely it was that the two would be wanted, and feeling almost something of the pleasure with which a boy prepares for his first shot, with a half terror, half delight And then he thought how it would . be best to do it. He did not want to disfigure himself unneces sarily, to go th-ough all eternity with a bound up jaw, like — who was it ?— Robes pierre. This brought a sort of smile upon his face, for he knew that it was folly to thinkof Robespierre — fo rail eternity — with- his face bound up ; and yet was amused to think of that awfal, grotesque figure, and to determine that he should not be like that. The temple or behind the ear ; that was the better way, and then there would be no disfigurement. The hair would hide the wound, and Grace would see h'' and not be horrified — not horri fied — only perhaps broken hearted. But that had to be, anyway. Would he hear the report as sound travels before his senses were all stilled ? He heard something, a jar and tinkle, which made him start at the very moment when he felt the cold mouth of death. The touch of the pistol, and then a jerk of his arm and a clanging world of sound,, and then — no more ! Chapter VIL They had all been disturbed by it be- : yond expression ; by his absence, by his fiileoce, the sudden strange departure which, naturaj enough at the minute, ap peared .now in -the light of subsequent, events so extraordinary, whichnowlooked like a flight, but — from what ? From; happiness, from well-being, from every thing that the heart of man would desire., Mr. Ford was a.peraon of.- a . very sturdy.; mind, not given to fancies like. his wife,! but after a fortnight he had found he was almostmoreanxlousthanshewas. He ques tioned her closely as to Oliver's past life. Had she ever heard of any entanglement? ' There must be some one who has a claim upon him, who would expose him to Grace, if not worse,' he said; at which Trix was naturally indignant. ' You men have such bad imaginations,' she said. 'How should he have any en tanglement ? He has been fond of Grace, I since — since ? ' ' Since he saw her here six months ago, Trix.' Trix grew very red, and the tears came into her eyes. ' You mean, Tom, that Oliver, that — that my brother, got fond of Grace only when ? ' 'I don't mean anything of the sort,' said Tom Ford, f it is women for having bad imaginations, though, perhaps, in a different way. I mean that he had for gotten all about her. But when he saw her again, and saw how nice she was — forr she is a very nice woman, poor thing, far too nice to be made a wreck of for the sake of some baggage ? ' *Tom ! You have taken leave of your senses, I think.9 'My dear, you know well enough, just as well as I do, that Oliver hasn't been immaculate. But why the deuce didn't he have the courage to tell the truth ; why didn't he speak to you, or me, if it comes to that. If he had made a clean breast of it ? ' ? We don't know yet that there is any thing to make a clean breast of,' said Trix, beginning to cry. And she put on her bonnet in a disturbed way, and went over to Grace for comfort, who might) be supposed to want comfort more than she did. Grace was very pale, but composed, and met her friend with a smile. ' I don't know anything,' she said, ' bat he . asks me to wait, and I mean to wait. Why should we condemn him ? There must be a reason, and when he can he will tell us. It is not out of mere wantonness he -is staying away.9 They had all given up tacitly the fiction about the sick friend. That had been dis missed at a quite early date ; the reality that was in it being beyond any guesses they could make. ' Oh, Grace, you are the best of us all. You are the one that is the worst treated, and you are the most kind.' ' Trix, we don't know that there is any ill-treatment at aU,' said Grace, She was very subdued, very pale. It almost over came her composure altogether when the butler came in with a huge parcel, one of the many wedding presents that were arriving daily. ' I have not the heart to open them,9 -she said, leaning her head upon Trix's shoulder, who flew to her with instant comprehension. 'And yet I want to open them that nobody may suppose ? Look, 'she said, pointing at a table covered with glittering spoils. ' Look at all that, and the congratulations that come . with them. And to think that I don't know, I don't know, even ? ' 'Oh, Grace, all will be well, all will be well — long before that.' Grace did not reply at first, but she shook her head. He does not even say that all will be well, he says only— wait. And I will wait,9 she said, composing her self Trix did not get much comfort out of this visit. She went home indignant, . angry beyond telling, with her brother, though she could not bear that her husband should give utterance and emphasis to her fears. And for spme days after the talk ofthosetwopeoplewasofnothingbutOliver and what his meaning -could be. Mrs. Ford sent off a long and eloquent letter to him the next day. but received no answer to that . any. more than to her ' former letters. And Ford too, wrote, which was very much more serious. Ford, who. never wrote a letter except on business, leaving everything else to his wife. Ford put before his brother-in-law indeed the business view of the matter. Hehad coma under certain engagements, did he intend or not to fulfil them? He told Oliver that his conduct was mere madness, that it was against all his interests, that he was destroying his own credit and cutting his own throat. What did he mean by it % but added that whatever he meant, which was his own concern, he ought not to lose a moment in coming back, and doing what he could to repair the fearful mistake he was making. The letter was curt and business-like, but very, much in earnest. Oliver had come by that time to a condi tion of mind in which arguments of this or any other kind was of no avail. He never read it — did he not know everything that could be said to him ? Had he not said it all and twenty times more to himself ? After this appeal, however, and that much mere eloquent, certainly more lengthy, one of Trix, silence fell again aad the days so anxiously watched at every post for letters passed on and brought nothing. The excitement, the tension, the fear of suspense grew hourly. As yet they had managed to keep it to them selves. Nobody knew, unless it might be the servants, who know everything Grace was the strongest in this effort ; ehe re plied with so composed a look, so steady a smile to the -curious questions as to Mr. Wentworth's long absence, that curiosity was baffled. Trix did not know how she could do it. She herself grew red, the tears came to her eyes in spits of herself. It was always on the cards that she might break down altogether, and take some sympathetic visitor into her confidence. She was like her brother, not of so steady a soul as Grace, and this .was to her in supportable, as his more terrible anguish was to him. It was from Tom Ford, however, the man without nerves, the cool- headed, mercantile person whom Trix had so often stormed at as unsensitive and' hard . to move, tbat the touch of impatience came. He said one day at breakfast suddenly, ?without warning, ' I think, Trix, if there is no word to- day, I shall run up to town and- see with my own eyes what Oliver is up to. We cannot let this go on.9 ' Bun up to town to-day ? Tom, you have heard something, you know more than we do-^ ? ' ?Nothing of the .sort; but I feel a re sponsibility. He is vour brother, and that poor girl met him iu our house. I must see what it means. I can't let it run on like this. She has no brother to stand up for her. I want to know what the fellow means. ' 'Tom, you must not go and bully Oliver. He would never stand that, even ? when he was-a boy.9 ' I have no intention of bullying him. I want to know what he means,' Mr. Ford repeated doggedly. And then Trix, what with fear lest his interference should be resented, what with eagerness to solve the mystery, insisted on -going to; to which her husband did not object, having fore seen it. the went out immediately and told Grace. The sense of being about to do something is a great matter to a woman who in most emergencies of her life is compelled to wait while others do what is to be done. Movement is hope to her, and gives her a confidence that all must come right. ' Tom and I are going. Tom has busi ness of his own, and he takes this oppor tunity. And he thinks I may as well go with him, and this mystery will be cleared up. I shall telegraph to you at once, the moment I have seen him, Grace.' Grace was greatly startled by this sudden resolution, though she said very . little. But when they, started by the afternoon . train ehe was there at the. station to meet . them. ♦ I think I will go too.? she said. ' You , know I have a great deal of — shopping to do.' -And not a word was said by which, a stranger : could have divined that this was, an expedition, not of shopping, bat of outraged love and despair. 'They- ar- rived in Loudoulate, with a sort of under standing that nothing could be done that night. Eut when -the ladies had. been: settled at their hotel, Mr Ford went out to take, as he ^aid,. a .walk, He. went through i the gloomy streets i through the Strand, with all its noise and r«row4, to the Temple, where Oliver's chambers were. fie had not told his wife even where he was going. He thought there might be something to learn which it would be better the women should not hear; and, perhaps, he thought too, that it would be a triumph without their aid to bring the wanderer back. He went all that long way on foot, thinking within, himself that the later he was the more likely he waB to find Oliver, and turning over in his mind what he would say. He would represent to Tiiin the folly of his behavior, the madness of throw ing thus his beat hopes away. Ford was- - very anxious, more anxious than he would have confessed to anyone. He did not, indeed, think of such a possibility as that, which had really happened ; but his mind was prepared for some complication, some entanglement that had to be got rid of ; perhaps even some tie made in earlier years which Oliver had believed hiaiaelf to have got rid of, and which had coots to life again, as such things wilL Who could tell ? he might have married, and have thought his wife was dead, and have been reused out of his happiness by the terrible news that this was not true. Such a thing; is not uncommon in fiction, for instance ; and Mr. Ford like many busy men was a. great novel reader. He was ready even, terrible though it would be, to hear that this was the cause of his brother-in-la«'a disappearance. But, perhaps, he hoped,, it might be something not so bad aa that. Be was a longtime gone. So long that Trix got alarmed, and in her uneasiness, burst into Grace's room, who was going to rest, to wait with what patience she might for the morning, which, she said to her self, must end all suspense. Her Self restraint was sadly broken by ? the irrup tion into her room of Trix with all her - fever. ' Where do you think he can have gone? . Oh, what do you think can have happened to him 1 — such dreadful things happen in. London,9 Mrs. Ford cried, rising gradually into higher and higher excitement. Sh» thought of garotters ; of roughs who might, have followed him along the embankment - (though she scarcely knew where that was} : and already her imagination figured? him lying on the pavement senseless, perhaps ? unconscious, unable to tell any one where to carry him. . - ? i. . ' Ihe only address that would be found upon him would be our address at home, and if they telegraphed there, and then. - telegraphed here, how much time would .- be lost. And it is too late even-to tele- ? graph,9 she said, as these -miserable anti cipations gained upon her. But what could two women do in a London hotel i ~ They could not go out with a lantern, and search for his body about the streets, and - they did not even know where or in what - direction he had gone. ' He has gone to- : find your brother,9 Grace suggested once; ? but Trix would sot hear of this. . ' Never,' she said, ' without letting me know.' At last when it was after midnight a. hansom drove up to the hotel and Mr. Ford appeared, exceedingly paleand with an air of great agitation and distress. He told them that Oliver was very ill; that -he- had found him in a most critical state, but- . happily had been able to get a doctor and stop the mischief. He would not be more explicit ; they had managed to stop the mischief, that was all he would say.. He had a letter in his hand which he had read imperfectly by the lamplight as he drove back, and by the dying candles in Wentworth's room, . into wMch . he had. almost forced Jus way. He told his wife that he had found on Oliver's desk this ? long letter addressed to himself, and gave her an outline of the story, which brought j such a shriek from Trix as sounded thtough the partition and startled Grace : once more in the solitude to .which she had returned again. She -appeared, between the husband and wife a minute after in her white dressing-gown, white as the gown she wore. ' There is something- 1 you have not told me. Tell me what ie is,1 she said. It had been a momentary relief to her to know that Oliver was ilL . If that was so, everything might be ex plained ; but ? And now she heard ; that there was something .more. 'Clh, Grace, go to bed; oh, go to bai. We don't know ourselves yet. To^norxajv - morning, the very first thing after you have had a night's rest ? ' \- ' I- cannot rest to-night,9 she said, with white, lips, * until I know. There 'is ? nothing that cannot be borne,9 she added, ~ a moment afterwards, ' except -not i to know.' They made a curious contrast. TrixaU flushed with excitement and distress, her voice choked with -tears,' her eyes over flowing ; and she who was even more con cerned, she .who ...believed herself to bs- ?? Oliver Wentworth's bride, in that breath* lees silence of suspense, afraid to make a- sound, to waste a word, lest .perhaps, she . should miss some recollection, some in- - dication of what to her was life or death. 1 1 have something here to read, if you think you can bear it. It is not good news.9 'I'h, Tom, for the love of heaven, don't. Grace, go to your room, dear ! Oh,:go, to. . bed, and I'll come — 111 come and tell you as soon as we know.9 : 'It is Oliver's hand,9 said Grace, T can. bear whatever he has written. But let me have it at once, for this suspense is more than I can bear.' ? Grace — Grace !' ? But Mr. Ford interrupted his wife. Ha saw that Grace was not to be put off any longer, and indeed was capable of nothing - . but knowing the truth. He brought the easiest chair for her, with that pathetic instinct which .makes us so careful of the bodies of those whose hearts we are about to crush. She made no opposition. She would have done anything — anything, so . long as it brought her nearer the end. - Ford had the discrimination to see this, and that the only- thing she could not bear - was delay. He began at once to read the letter, of which he had already told the chief parts to his wife. The two candles placed together on themantelpieceniekered and drearily doubled in the mirror be hind, while the bare hotel room, with its big bed and wardrobes, formed an in distinct, cool background. Mr. Ford stood by the mantelpiece and read slowly, in a vtice of which he had not always command. Trix behind him, sobbing, crying, exclaiming, unable to. restrain her self, was moving up-and down, sometimes stopping to look over his shoulder, some- : times throwing hertelf into a seat. Lrthe centre, the white figure, all. white, motion- ?' less, sat in her chair. She was prepared for anything. Except a start and shiver . when she heard cf the marriage she scarcely made a sign from beginning to .- end. The others were distracted, even in their own horror and pity, by an anxious . desire to know how she would tike it. But Grace was disturbed by no such secondary feelings. At that point her hands, which had been lying in her lap, closed in a convulsive clasp, .but save this she made no Bign, listening to every word tUl the end. liven after the end. it was some time before she moved or spoke. Then she pointed to it, and said faintly — ' It is a letter — is he — is he gone away !' ''Sou have heard all this ; I must-tell, you more — I must tell you everything,'. Eaid Ford. He was much agitated, his lips quivering, his voice failing altogether now and then. ' I believe,' he : said, struggling to get out the words, .' I am sure; that the noise I made at his door saved his life. His arm must have swerved at . the moment of firing the pistol.9 She rose to her feet, with a .quick, sud den cry, ' The pistol ? That !; That 1' She supported herself against the mantel piece, against which he, too, was leaning, and ?there, seemed to. rise in the mirror a pale' white ghost, lacing the darker figure. ? ' Oliver,9 she said, 'Oliver! tell jne everything. That is hia last word, and he i is dead!9 'No, no, no— oh, no!' came in Trix a. voice from behind. ? ? . - Ford took. her. hands from their: clutch on the marble, and -pat her back ? into her chair. All he was afraid of waa. ibat she would faint or die, perhaps, in ' his arms. 'He 18 alive ; he is wounded, but not i fatally. Oh, Grace, what can we aay to '. you, Trix and I ? It is greatly our fault, i My poor girl, cry or something. Don't look like that. You must puthim out of your thoughts. You must ? ' She shook herself free of him with im- - patience. * I am asking you about Oliver,' i ehe said. 'OJiver — who is with him? Who is taking care of him ? Have you left him alone, with no one ? Trix, are you going to him, or shall I ?' The husband and wife looked at each other in . dismay. Mrs. Ford stilled in a moment her sobs and exclamations, not knowing what to reply. 1 You are rearest him in blood, but I am nearest in ? ' She paused for a moment, then shook her head sadly. 'Perhaps you think,' she said, 'that it will be better .for him^-to die.' 'Oh, no, Grace! No I no ? Oh, Grace, what can I say V 'He is not going to die,' Ford said roughly, in the agitation of his mind. : But you, you must think no more of him, i Grace, fie has no claim upon you. This miserable marriage ? ' ' ?Marriage !' she said, again rising, re sisting his attempt to support her. * You thinka woman has no idea but marriage. 'What-is that to me ? I have been fearing I know not what; but now — it is not that I forgive him, I approve. You may wonder at me if you will, I approve. And if he should die I accept his legacy. I thank God he had that trust in me, and that he did what was right. Oh, Trix, Trix, Oliver is dying, and you and I standing idly here !' Chapter TIIL This was how she took it, as the young priest had taken it, as an atonement, as a cluty. Instead -of the despair they had expected she was excited and inspired as people axe who die for a great cause. She did not and would not take into account all that made Oliver's strange sacrifice a thing without justice, without dignity — a mere hideous postscript to a mere vulgar sin, repented of indeed, but not made less vulgarandhideousevenbyrepentance. For tunately for Grace nothing of this entered ier mind. He had made atonement, he had righted a wrong, at the cost of his own happiness. To be sure it was at the cost of her's also, but in her exaltation she never thought of that. What she did think of was llrat he should not have told her, that he had suffered bitterly and cruelly, and had been driven to the uttermost expedient of despair rather than tell her ; that he should have thought her incapable of the same sacrifice as he was making, less noble than himself. 3Ms hurt her in passing, but she had not time to think more of it. In the mean time he must be comforted, reassured, cared for. He must know that she under stood him, that she — yes, she who was the the victim, who had to bear the penalty — approved. She was inspired with strength and courage to do this. She was no victim — she was a martyr, sharing his ? martyrdom for the sake of what was right. ' I need scarcely say that the Fords no more understood her than if she had been j ' S{ eating a foreign language. They gazed I at her with horror and bewilderment. They asked each other had she not loved him after all 2 That a woman who loved him could have so taken it was to them incredible. Mr. Ford was almost angry with her in the disappointment with which : lie saw this extraordinary and unlooked- ' for effect. He said stiffly that he was very j glad that shecouldtakeitso philosophically j — more than poor Oliver had done ; but j that as for going to him that was impos- j eible. The doctor was to stay with him j that night. All- was right enough so far I as Oliver was concerned, and in the j morning she would see — in the morning ? they would all understand better. Grace I withdrew when she-saw that she was not i understood. . She went slowly, steadily to ! Ier own room, not trembling and sick at j heait as when she had come. .The j suspense was over — now she knew every- j thing. Her heart was in so strange an j -exaltation that for the moment she seemed j to feel no pain. It seemed to her as if. ' Oliver atd she were martyrs about to j -come out upon some scaffold, hand in j band, and for the righting of wrong and j the redeeming of the world to die. Such 1 a crisis has an intoxication peculiar to j iteelf. She did not sleep all night, but { lay down and thought over everything. The worst was that he had not told her. If he had but trusted in her it was she wfco would have stood by him all along, and taken his part and justified fom before the world. Mr. Ford during the night made it ?quite clear, and that in the most peremp tory manner, that Grace was not to be allowed to go to Oliver next day. . ' The sight of her would till him. The wound's not dangerous of itself, but if fever came on in his attenuated .state . it would be fatal. Now remember, Trix, no folly ; neither you nor she must go.' *Foiy yourself,5 ? said Trix, with a woman's natural irritation. * I don't be lieve that his sister .would do him any TiaTrti. That is all yonr ignorance. But for Grace's eake — for it doesn't need you to tell me that she must not go ; she was stunned last night-and did not know what j she was saying — -I will try. to persuade j ier to stay in bed, poor thing, and see - j nobody to-day.' ! There was, however, no question of tills - when Grace met Mrs. Ford in the morning -as she left ier room. She had put on a black dress, yeiy soft and simple, with nothing glittering about it. Her face was pale but not without color ; very clear, like j a sky after rain, the eyes limpid and large, ) as if they had increased in size somehow j ?during the night. ; ' When you have had your breakfist,' I ?ehe said, with a smile. ' I have ordered j it foryou-^there — there are several things I wish you to do — for me ? * ' Grace. !' Mrs. Ford was astonished by her look, and felt herself taken by sur prise. * You— yon don't mean — shopping ?' -she asked, almost mysteriously confounded i-y her friend's color. Grace gave her a reproachful look. ? I iave ordered a carriage, too,' she said, taking nonotace of the suggestion. 'Tell me when -you are ready.1 Mre. Ford, looking with guilty counte nance at her watch, went quickly to the table at which her husband was seated ! «ating a hurried, but not at all an in sufficient breakfast. * I don't know what she means/ Mr. ? -Ford said. 'She has ordered a feast.. There's half- a dozen things. No, no more. Don't bring any more. Trix, I'm going off to . the. Temple, of course, at once, and if there's any. change I'll telegraph. Mind what I told you last night. You must try and get her sent off Lome. On no account must ehe come there.' 'She's going to do her — shopping,' said Trix. To tell the truth, she did not ierself believe this, but it was the first thing -hac occurred to her to say. * Her shopping !' Mr. Ford panted, -with a quick burst of agitated laughter. * Great heavens, jou don't say so. Her shopping ! What a fool I have been to put myself out about her. You women will do your shopping on the day of judg zaent !' Trix thought it was perhaps better to let him go away with this idea ; it would leave them, she felt, more free. And when Grace joined her with her bonnet on, and disclosed her designs, Mrs. Ford was startled for the moment, but yielded without much difficulty. They drove sway in the-soft morning, when even the London streets looked like spring, miles away through the interminable streets, until at last they came to that one among so roany others where the pavement was worn by Oliver's weary feet, where he Lad gone with, bis heart bleeding, so that it was strange he had left no trace. It seemed to both the women as if he hsd left traces, as if the sky darkened when they got there, and the wind began to moan with coming storm. It did so, it was true, bnt not because of Oliver. A sodden April shower (though it was in Blay) fell in a quick discharge of glitter ing dropB as they drove up to the house. Not to the door, for there already a cab was standing which blocked the way ; but the cab was not alL A little crowd, excited and tumultuous, was round the steps, some pushing into the threshold of the open door. It did not seem wonderful to the ladies that this crowd should be here. It seemed of a piece with all the rest. A thing so extraordinary and out of nature, it was nothing strange if the common people about raised a wonder over it, as every one who knew must do. They forgot that this afiair was interesting only to themselves, and that nobody here was aware of their existence. They made their way with heavy hearts, but not excited, to the edge of the little crowd. 'Is there anything wrong? What is the matter 2' Trix asked but languidly of one of the throng. ' They say as she's dying, ma'am,' said the woman to whom she spoke. * Ah, poor thing !' The crowd turned its attention at once to the two ladies, two strangers, to whom the whole matter could be explained. 'Just a going to take her first drive out,' said one. 'All in the grand fur cloak he gave her.' ' A man as grudged her nothing.' ' It's like on the stage,' said another. 'Ladies, a rich gentleman, and grudged her nothing. And she's never got time to enjoy it. Oh, she's never got no time to enjoy it.' These voices ran all together, confirm ing each other. They conveyed little meaning to the minds of the two ladies, who heard imperfectly, and did not under stand. Grace was the one who pushed through the crowd. She was not to be turned from her purpose. ' Let us pass, please. Tfte have come to see her,' she said, clutching Trix's dress with her hand. ' tih, is that the doctor 1 Stand back and let the doctor pass,' said a voice from within, from the door of the little parlor, f The speaker came out as she spoke. Sue was the mother, with a bonnet on gay with ribbons and flowers. ' Oh, ladies, I cannot speak to you now. Oh, if it's anything about the dressmaking, Ma tilda will come to you to-morrow. We're in great trouble now. Oh, doctor, doctor, here you are at hist.' Then a man brushed past, hurrying in. Grace followed, not knowing wiiat she did. She never forgot the scene she saw. In an arm-chair, the only one in the room, sat propped up a poor creature wrapped in a fur cloak, with a white bon net covered with flowers surrounding her pallid face. Her eyes were half open ; her jaw had dropped. Another young woman, apparently her sister, stood stroking her softly, calling to her — ' Oh, wake up, Ally — oh, wake up — there's the carriage at the door, and here — here's the doctor come to see you.' Through the sound of this frightened, halfweep ing voice came the sharp clear tones of the doctor — ' How long has she been like this ? Lay her down — lay her down any where. Yes, on the floor if there's no where else. Silence, silence, woman! Can't you see V There was an interval of quiet, and then the voice of the mother, ' I'll get a mattress in a moment. She can't lie there on the floor. Her that's been taken such care of. Doctor, is it a faint ? is it a faint, is it ? ' : Another moment of awful suspense, the silence tingling, creeping ; the voices of the little crowd sounding like echoes far off. Then the doctor rose from where he had been kneeling on the floor. ' Why did you let her do this ?' he said sternly. * I warned you she mast not do it.' 'Ob, doctor, her heart was set upon it ? — and such a beautiful morning, and her new, beautiful fur cloak as she couldn't catch cold in. Doctor, why don't you do something?. Doctob, 1' said the mother, seizing him by the .arm. He shook her off. He was rough in his impatience. *Can-t you see,' he said, that there is nothing to be done. Take off that horrible finery, the poor girl is dead.' ' 3 he poor girl is dead !' Grace thought it was her own voice that repeated those awful words. They went to her heart with a shock, making her giddy and faint. Her voice sounded through the confused cries of the women about that prostrate figure. * Dead !'- The doctor turned to her as if it was she to whom explanations were due. 'I warned them,' he said, ' that her life hung on a thread. I told them she must make no exertion. I knew very well how it would be. The wonder is that she has lasttd so long,' he added after that momentary excitement had subsided into profound calm. ' No, no, there's nothing to be done. Can't you see that for yourself 2' ' And the cab at the door to take her for her airing !' cried the mother, in shrill tones of distraction. ' Oh, doctor, give her something.' The brandy, where is the biandy, Matilda. I've seen her as far gone ? ' ' You have never seen her like this be fore. She is dead,' said the doctor, in the unceremonious tones in - which he ad dressed such patients. ' You had better iget a sofa or something to lay her on, poor thing ; nothing can hurt her now ; and send and let -her husband know. ' He followed Grace out into the passage, where she had withdrawn, unable to bear that awful sight. ' It is a strange story, I don't understand it. Eoutida like a novel,' he said. ' I don't think he'll be very sorry. He'll bear it better than most — though he only married her about three weeks ago. It was the strangest thing I ever heard of. A gentleman — no doubt of that. What he could ever have had to say to a girl like her, God knows. But he suddenly appeared on the scene when she was at the last gasp,. and married her. I had given her up ; but afterwards she made a surprising rally. . Even I was taken in. I- thought she mighfr still pull through. But you see I was mistaken,' he added cheerfully. Grace stood and leaned against the wall. Everything swam in her eyes, and all the sounds, the voices of the women lament ing within, the cries and questions with out, the sharp, clear sentences of the doctor, all mingled in a strange confusion like sounds in a dream. In the midst of all the riot came the voice of Trix calling to her to come out into the open air, and a-touch on her arm, which,, she felt to be., that of the doctor, leading her away. : She. made a. great effort, and . recovered herself. ' We want to know,' she said fainily, grasping at Trix's hand — ' we came to see — we belong to Mr. Went worth,' and then with a rush, as if gathering energy, her sight came back to her, and she saw the face of the man who stood, curious, yet indifferent, between her and the chamber of death. 'Ah, the husband V he said. * We came — to see her, for him — is it truly, truly ? He is ill, and we have to act for him. We have — his authority. Trix, speak for me. Is it ? ? Is that ? V Then came a strange convulsive movement in her throat, like sobbing beyond her control. She could not arti culate any more. ? I am his sister,' said Mrs Ford; 'is it true 1 — is the woman — dead ? Oh, it's dreadful to be glad, I know. If you are the doctor, tell us for heaven's sake. Is the dead— is it she — the woman ? ?' 'The poor girl,' said Grace softly; * the poor, poor girl !' This ehe said over and over again to herself as they drove away. She made no reply to the questions, the remarks, the thanksgivings of her companion. They drove straight to the Temple, in dirtct contradiction of Mr. Ford's orders. The door on which was Oliver's' name was ajar. In the outer room stood a nurse newly arrived from one of the London institutions. ' I'm waiting till I'm called, she said, divining that the t-vo ladies who came in so quietly had a right to be there. Grace removed her bonnet and mantle quickly. Her dress was very little different from that of the nurse. ' You will stay here,' she said, 'to help me if I want help,' and before another word could be said had heard and answered the call from the inner room. The doctor there, very different from the parish doctor with his rough and plain speaking, gave her his instructions almost without looking at her, and the room was shaded, with little light in it. * There is not much to do here,' he said, 'only to watch, which you must do carefully. See that nothing disturbs the patient. If he is kept quite quiet he will do very well.' He added in a half- whisper, ' keep every one from him ; don't let him talk. It is distress of mind more than the wound. ' 'Then the best thing, sir,' said Grace, with the respectful tone of the woman whom she represented, 'must be to relieve that.' '.Ah, if it could be done,' he said, shaking bis head. He was surprised at such an address ;- but nurses have their peculiarities like other people. He began to urge upon her the necessity of quiet. But her voice, though so low, had some how faintly reached and touched the ears that knew it. Mr. ?Ford came for ward hastily from the side of the bed, and from that, too, there was a faint thrill of movement. Grace put up her hand to resist the angry question with which Ford would have driven her away. She passed him quickly, and went up to the bedside. ' Oliver,' she said softly, ' that poor girl is dead.' He told her all afterwards, in those subdued and troubled days when happiness was still struggling to come back. But Grace would never see it as he did. To her it was an atonement, an almost mar tyrdom. She could not understand those deeper depths of evil in which sin is taken b'ghtly, and called pleasure, and is but for a day. She could understand passion and the deadly harm it wrought, and how life itself might be laid down in the desire to atone. He held his peace at last, bewildered by the dulness of that innocence which could not so much as imagine what he knew. And the hap piness struggled back through depths of humiliation and shame to him with which she was never acquainted. She did not suffer, not having sinned; and he was still young. And after a while the hideous dream through which he had passed faded away, and even Oliver remembered it no more. [The Ead] 