rhe Wicked Woods of Tobereevil. BY THE AUTHOR OF ' HESTER'S HISTORY.' CHAPTER VII. — TRYING TO BE ELIZABETH. Miss Martha was right and wrong when she persuaded Paul's mother that her fears of ap proachine death were unfounded. Three vears passed away, and Mrs. f iniston still lived, still languished on her sofa, and paid her son's college fees, and wrote letters to her friend at Monasterleo. But one morning, while Miss Mourne bustled briskly about her breakfast room, she got the news that Mrs. Finiston was no longer in the world. The end had been quick ; taere hid been scarcely any warning, and little time for reluctance and regret. Then Miss Martha, reading her letter with red eyes, had reason to remember that she had said, ' I will try to be Elizabeth.' She would have remembered it in any case, but the special reason which suggested it came in the form of a message from tbe dead. It was simply, ' Go to Simon,' scrawled feebly upon a morsel of paper. The dying hand had been unable to write more. Well, Miss Martha would go to Simon. She knew all that would have been added to those few eager words had there been time. Miss Martha would go to Simon. Now Martha Mourne was not romantic. Even in her youth she had been remarkable for nothing so much as simple on'commsense. The experience of a long life had done its utmost to make her the most matter-of-fact person in the world. And yet there was something within her that made it difficult that she should go to see Simon of Tobereevil. So difficult that Miss Martha would rather have marched into a battle field in her neat bright gloshes and best black silk, and taken the few odd chances of her life. It was twenty years since she had seen Simon Finiston. And on tbe occasion of that last meeting she had broken off an engagement, which had then already lasted nearly a quarter of a lifetime. She had sought him then as she was going to seek him now, had spoken to him, and left dim before his own door-step. She was not going to have the blood of the poor upon her lead, and their hungry cry in her ears all her life. If he would presist in walking evil ways, why, then, she must let him walk them alone. She had waited and hoped till suspense had gnawed the pith out of her heart. Now she Bras going away to mend her wounds, and to St herself for a life of wholesome labour else where. It was in this way that she had talked to him, and left him, and he had walked his evil ways quiet alone ever since. It had pleased her later to come in her independence and settle for old age within a mile from IbbereevH. But it did not please her to con front this old man who could remind that rhe 1 certain five years of her life had been full of light which had failed her, and that other ten pears bad been racked with the worst grief that can be suffered, the ill-doing and disgrace jf one entirely beloved. To save herself from ieath she would not have entered in at that rusty gate and travelled up that dusty avenue. But she knew very well what she had meant n-hen she had said, *' I will try to be Eliza beth.' The unkind March wind was making a jest if her all the time, plucking at her gown, and puffing in her face, and singing out a. load shrill song at her expense, that made the tender buds shiver on the trees. It was as hard upon her as would have been any other raw blustering thing that prided itsflf on youth, and bad no pity upon the romance of a tmOa btttw tout, His ttutfai ofea paused to consider her way, for the trees and the weeds seemed to have eaten up the land marks which she had known. There were no longer any traces of, the broad carriage drive. The branches of the trees hung across the path, and the rabbits scampered past her feet. Here and there a rusted gate barred her way, while a broken-down fence reluctantly allowed her to proceed. And as she made her way resolutely past all obstacles, there were other thing beside the cruel east wind that plucked at her sorely. She remembered bow many a time she had been used to trip up and down that avenue. She saw the moss-covered trunk on which she had liked to stand to get a favourite view down an arch of trees, thinking pleasantly all die time of what things she and Simon wonld do when they should become owners of Tobereevil. They would prune and wedd, and till and plant, until the wilderness should bechanged into a paradise. They would make the mountain glad, and restore the tarnished honour of the Finistons. Then the desolation of Toberevil bad possessed a weird charm for her, as the haunt of an evil genius which was to be bauished one day by the force of her goodwill. Then the mansion itself, the mansion which was just now showing a cold grey shoulder between the trees, had been as the castle of an ogre, which was to be charmed into a home of all blessedness and happiness. These had been a young girl's joyful expecta tions. Yet now all that she looked upon was sunk a hundred times deeper in ruin than it had been in the hour of her hope. Miss Martha did not dwell upon these thoughts at all. She simply gathered up her wits and her skirts, and held both well in control, as she confronted the sour visage of the house. She remembered it well, she had known it morose, and threatening, and woebe gone ; but she saw now the marks of twenty years of extra desolation on its front. It had gained an air of surly recklessness, and much of its dignity was gone. There was a savage raggedness about its chimneys, and window sills, and door-steps, tufted with tall wild grass, and fluttering with streamers of the most flaunting weeds. The greenness of the earth had not been content with eating up the ap proaches to the walls, but seemed resolved to make under the very roof itself. Miss Martha saw. the one cow feeding on the lawn, and the few famished hens that were pecking about the door-step. The door was from the north-east northwards — one passed through Angus, Bagot, and Dutton up to Balnina, and the other through Ridley, Fisher, and Skurray along the river and paralell to the former route, One of these parallel router must go, because their proximity to each othes rendered one of them unneccessary, and he was willing to retain whichever would best suite the interests of the stockholders, His own opinion was that the first-named roate was more suitable. Then they would keep the reserve running from the Buna to the North West Bend, which would allow stock to be brought on to Kooringa from the west. He intended to retain the road from Eba to Eud unda, and to lease the one running alongside the Murray through Hay, Skurray, and Fisher, with a branch through TUdley and Angas down to Finniss. He thought it a very good sugges tion to charge a fee for all stock depastured on opened by a dreadful old woman, a mass of rags and patches, whose face was disfigured, apparently, by the grime and discontent of years. This was the wretched old woman' who was held in aversion by the country because, for some reasons best known to herself, she had chosen to devote her services to the miser of Tobereevil ; to live a life of starvation under an accursed roof. It was doubtless but seldom that she was required to answer a summons at that inhospitable door. She looked as scared at the wholesome apparition of Miss Mourne, as if she had been suddenly confronted with a whole gang of thieves.' All across the vast and empty stone hall, and away in the chamber where he stood at the moment, Simon Finiston heard wrangling at his door, Old Tibbie's discordant voice echoed among the rafters like the sound of a loud quarrel. Miss Martha's tones did not travel so far, but every harsh note of Tibbie's had an echo of its own, and there might have been an angry crowd upon the door-step. The miser had been pacing up and down his room, being in a humour more than usually timorous. As he walked he twisted his hands together wildly, and at intervals struck his forehead in the agong of his ntind. He was beginning to fear that his memory failed him. He was subject to momentary forgetfulness of the exact position of each tittle of bis possess ions. Sometimes, for an instant, he could not remember in which pocket he had placed the key of the drawer, in which he kept the key of the dose, in which was hid the key of the desk, where lay safely, under heaps of yellow apers, the key of the safe in which a large amount of money was stored. This noise in his hall alarmed him. There were loaded pistols upon a bench in a comer, and he placed his hand upon one in terror, and looked to wards the door. The door opened and Miss Martha came in, having vanquished Tibbie, and sent her growling to her den. ' You need not be alarmed, sir,' said she, cheerfully, ' I am come to rob you of nothing but a few moments of your time.' Then these two, who had been lovers, looked upon one another. The old man was tall, withered, and blighted looking, and so ill- clad, that the blast from the door seemed to pierce him where he stood. It was difficult to believe thut he had once been handsome, yet the features were imposing, though hacked and notched by the wrinkles and hollows of the flesh. Once the countenance had been pleasant and bland, but there were snarling lines defacing it now that made one shrink from the creature, shadowy as he was. Time bad been when the powdered curls had hung gracefully over the polished forehead, when the complexion had worn a manly hue above the dainty lace of his ruffles, and when his well cut profile had looked all the more stately from the becomingness of the quaint and jaunty queue. Time had been when no finer foot and leg had stepped down the country dance. Now the limbs hung lank and limp, the knees clinging together under the patched md threadbare garb.' A violent fit of agitation seized him as Miss Martha spoke. Amazement, shame, and em barrassment struggled all together in his face, [t was not the sight of Miss Martha that had moved him, but the sound of her voice. The twenty years bad done then- work upon her too, and out of the fogs of his puzzled brain tie might hardly have recognised her. She had never been a beauty ; only one of those maid ins whose temper and wit idealise the homeli ness of their featnres in die eyes of all those who come under their spelL A husband who lad married Martha in her youth would have jone on thinking her a beauty till her death ; l-ut a lover who had toot seen her since her pouth would now wonder to find that she had iltered into a plain-featured woman The memory wonld present her as a person of rare Alarms, rather than a creature of mere fresh less and -y-pn^in^ss, shining with good sense md grace. But Simon knew her by her voice, [t echoed yet her steady self-containment and ample goodwill, and now that die sparkle had left her eyes, it was die truest messenger of die' spirit still within her. The narrow soul of the miser was stabbed on the instant by the idea that here was his former love come in person to reproach him, to try to issert something of her olden power, so as to wheedle him into lowering her heavy rent, tie could not talk to her face to face, and he would not, as she was there confronting him, and, being nearest die door, in a way held him prisoner, he instinctively put up a blind which might enable him to hold parley with her at ease. AtokcfowuDggtaimd out of toe co* fussion of his face, and he became tranquil. ' Pray be seated, madam,' he said, with an assumption of benevolence and stateliness. He drew his flea ' garment around him, and sat down on one of die few old carved oaken chairs that were in die room. To die cushions of these still clung a few fragments of the ruby tinted velvet, which had made some attempt at covering diem when Martha had seen them last, The chilly March sun-gleam flickered down out of die uncurtained window above his head, and laughed over his chair, and lit up the variegations of his many-coloured robe. The room was sheathed in oak, yet die floor was rotted and broken in many places. The spiders had been at work to make diaperies for die windows, and cobwebs were the only hang ings on die walls. The ceiling had been painted, but the damp had superadded many pictures of its own, whose rude outlines .ob truded diemselves among flowers, and bid smiling, fading figures under their grievous blots. 'I have expected this visit,' said Mr. Finiston, with a courtley air, while yet Miss Martha was trying to right her thoughts, which had been somewhat thrown away by the first glimpse of the picture now before her. ' You are probably a messenger from my tenant at Monasteries A relation perhaps. I had the pleasure ot knowing Miss Mourne many years ago, and I see some likeness. A very respect able tenant she is, but pays me such a dread fully low rent — such a dreadfully low rent !' He shook his head from side to side with his eyes averted from his visitor, and rubbed his hands slowly, and rocked himself in his chair. Miss Martha drew her breath hard, and gazed at him fixedly. He would not meet her eyes. In a few moments her amazement abated, and her presence of mind returned. She believed that he had recognised her, but she could not be sure. At all events, either his tunning cowardice or his want of memory .-might make die task she had undertaken less {difficult. i ' I need not introduce myself,' she said. . ' It is true I am but die messenger of janother. I come from Monasterlea, but not upon the business of your tenant. . 'Eh?' asked he, sharply. 'Not upon your — not upon her business? What then, madam, what then ? Not I hope, with a story from any of these smaller rascally tenants who want their land for nothing, and would drive a wretched landlord to die workhouse ? If you come, madam, about diem, I will wish a good morning on die instant. A good morning, madam. I wish you a very good morning. He arose hastily and made a grotesque bow, a tremulous, mocking attempt at courtesy, and his face had begun to work with a passion which bronght out all those snarling lines upon it. ' Stay, sir,' said Miss Martha, and her quick steady tone affected him so that he dropped back nervelessly into his chair. ' I am come, sir, altogether about affairs of your own,' said Miss Martha ; ' to bring you news. Your brother's wife is dead, Mr. Finiston.' He pricked his cars and sat bolt uprigght. ' Well, madam, I should not be surprised. A spend thrift creature who could not tiirive. She came here to see me with lace trimmings ?on her dress. But I told her my mind, and I pointed out the destitution that would fall up on her»^i-mi3erstand that her husband died of starvation, die consequence of bis improvi dence and her extravagance. They would have dragged me down to want with diem selves, - but I was much too wise for that. I was always a sparing man, madam, and it is thanks to my economy that I have still bread to eat,, and have got a roof over my held.' 'I find you are misinformed,' said Miss Martha. ' Your brother died of fever, and he was a happy man, and a prudent one, while he lived. His wife was a very noble woman, who for years denied herself many comforts in hope of being able to provide for her son. She has died without fulfilling this purpose, and all her slight means have disappeared with herself. I have come here expressly to tell you that her son is now alone and without means of living. And nerson, sir, isTaul Finiston, your nephew and heir.' The old man's face had grown darker and more frightened at every word she spoke. 'Well, well, well,' he said, hoarsely, clutch ing his chair with both hands and gazing now straight at Miss Martha, without thinking of who she was. *? Heir, she said, heir. Ay ! And pray, madam, who says there is anything to inherit ? 'Barely enough property to keep a man alive, with the expenses of a servant, and a cat to keep down die rats. Would you rob ah old man of his crust, madam ? Would you take it out of his mouth to give it to a young beggar who can work, madam ?' ' That is not what we propose, sir,' said Miss Martha, unflinchingly. ' We ask you to use a small part of your wealth only to help die poor boy to independence. Even a few hundred pounds ' ? A bitter shriek burst from the old man's lips, 'and he got up trembling in a paroxysm of passion. ' Away !' he cried, waving his hand over his head. ' Away ! you who deserted me in my need, and now come back to rob me ! I will not have you sitting there looking at me. I will not ? ' He was tottering towards her with his menacing hand, but poor Miss Martha, cowed at last, here rose in trepidation and fled from the house. She was too old forjtears and lamenting, but she walked homerffom Tobereevil over miles of ground thai had grown infinitely bleaker since die morning. The cold March air seemed to pinch her heart ' You who deserted me in my need,' quoth she, tearfully. ' Why ; was I not patient ? was I not patient ?' But Miss Martha would have been ashamed to let her doubts and re grets be known. None were in her confidence but die trees, and die primrose drifts, and die chilly blue peaks of the hills. She complained of nothing when she reached home but a slight touch of rheumatism from that pitiless east wind ! In the evening she was still a little ill from her rheumatism, so it was May who wrote the letter which Martha had meant to write. And young Paul Finiston received die following epistle in his garret : Mv Dear Paul, — It is Aunt Martha who is really writing this letter, only I am by accident holding her pen. Aunt Martha wishes to tell you that she has been to your uncle, Mr. Finiston, and that die is afraid he will never do anything to help you, unless you come here to see him, when, perhaps, he might get fond of you. / am very glad diat you have nodiing to do with him, for he is a dread ful old man, and would not give a crumb to save any one from starving. Aunt Martha begs that you will come here and stay. She will give you a nice little room off die cloisters beside die chapel, and Aunt Martha says you are a great deal too sensible to be afraid of ghosts. She has made some new marmalade, and die garden is full of crocuses. I would like you very much to come, but I diink it would be happier for you to earn your own money, and never mind that dreadful* old man. Aunt Martha sends you a little note, which she says is a. loan from me, and may be useful on yojr journey down here. I am, dear Paul, In Aunt Martha's name, Your very old friend, May Mourne. 'How* odd diat die little one should be wiser than the old woman !' said Paul. This is the way in which people think those die wisest who agree with themselves. ' I should like to see her again, but I have no iime to stay dallying with children.' Paul was a man of twenty-one now, looking old fee bis age, and feeling himself thirty- six at ? j — ^ ? least Of course May was still the little body in the prim grey pelisse, and with die sweet dark eyes. 'Afrkid of ghosts ! Poor Hide baby ! But she had treated me very honestly, and I will tell herwhat I am really afraid of.' So Paul wrote : My dear old Friexd,*— I received your Aunt Martha's letter, and I approve so heart.ly of the sentiments of die person who held the pen that I do not intend visiting Monasterlea, nor approaching one inch nearer to my respect able uncle at Tobereevil. I am not qcite sure as to whether I could play die part of beggar or not, having never tried, but of this I am sure, diat it is best for myself and the old gentleman diat some hundreds of leagues of the sea should come between us. Upon nearer acquaintance I aright do him some harm. Is there not a prophecy included in that time honoured curse of our family ? I might never be able to forget that I am a kinsman of the miser, and might be tempted to do mischief for die sake of succeeding generations. If you do not undeastand this, ask your Aunt Martha, and she will explain it to you. Tell her, with mv heartfelt thanks, that I am sorry she under took a painful office for my sake, that I would fain be in the nice little bedroom off the cloisters, but I shall find myself sooner in the rigging of a South American vessel. There is a captain from Liverpool now lying in die docks who will give me my passage for my services. I have here no prospect diat I can see, except diat of being a clerk or a porter, and I prefer bodily labour in a new country. And now, my dear little old friend, good-bye. Tell your Aunt Martha that I accept your loan, and will sew it in my coat against dine of sick ness. Tell her not to count it a bad debt I commit my mother's grave to her memory and yours. If you keep it in your minds I shall not fell it quite deserted. Paul Finiston. Paul litde thought of die storm which this letter was to create at Monasterlea. Miss Martha turned pale when she read it, and, for the first time in her life, spoke angrily to her niece. ' May ! May !' she cried, ' what was in diat letter? I intrusted the writing of it to you, and you have driven die poor boy across die sea !' 'I did not mean it,' said May, weeping. ' I only said diat I would rather he earned money for himself.' ' I told you to write a welcome, and you have warned him away,' said Miss Martha. 'Oh, why did I not write myself? The boy will be drowned, and we shall have done it between us. Oh, you cruel, strange girl. Oh, Elizabeth ! poor Elizabeth !' ' Aunt Martha !' said May, springing up alert. 'Cannot we go to Dublin and stop him ?' ' Quick, then !' said Miss Martha. And in another hour diey were upon die road. Arrived in Dublin, they traced Paul from his old dwelling to a humbler lodging. Here diey were informed diat the young man — a gentleman indeed he was — had left die night before, and gone on board a ship lying at the quay. They hurried down to die quay, dis appointed and hopeless, to gaze among the vessels and ask questions. It was early in the morning, and diey had been driving over die roads ail day yesterday, and all last night. The sun was shining gaily on the bridge as diey half crossed it, and stood leaning over the side. A vessel was moving slowly at some distance, clumsily disengaging itself from the crafts around. A faint cheer -reached their ears, making them look to this quarter ; and May saw Paul on the deck of the moving ship. ' Where where?' said Miss Martha. ' Oh, Aunt Martha, there ! That tall young man with his hat off '.' They left die bridge and hurried along the quay. They came almost alongside of the ship, but it was too far away from anything but signs to pass between Paul and his friends. He had recognised MLs Martha at once, but could not so easily the maiden by her side. Her hat had fallen back on her shoulders, her face was flushed with anxiety and grief, her hands were involuntary extended towards die ship. Paul folded his arms, and gazed sadly at her figure till tbe ship carried him away, aud crowds of tall masts rose up and hid her from his sight He took her image thus away with him : the loveliest young maiden, he thought, his eyes had ever seen. (To be Continued.) 