e By the Fire. t. T. b1EADE, AUTHOR OF "SCAMP AND I," ETC. The frst part of the strange story which I su about to tell happened some ten years Ten years ago I was in the first sorrow of y wiowhood. I was childless, too; and when the grave closed over my husband I e thought that there was no place left for me Y in the world. I wIas rich, young; and my friends, and my own reflection in the glass, told me that lwas beautiful. of course I had many acquaintances; what ri:h young widow has not ? But acquaint ,ees" and friends differ widely. I did not are for the people who flattered and made auch of me, but I turned, even in the first dess of my trouble, to one friend. She, too, was young and beautiful. We were schoolfellows : we were engaged at the ame time : we were married in the same month of the same year. During the three years of my married life we had seen little of each other, but when mv husband died, and Mary Clifford wrote to me tenderly out of her full heart, I answered back her love. She asked me to stay with her, and Iwent. liono peaceful were tiose days spent in her besutiful home ! The house and place were clled Aspen's Vale. The house was many centuries old. Its architecture was re markable; its rooms curious. It was a rambling old place, and of course it had a ghost. It stood in the midst of very lovely grounds, over looking wood and river. Al together, it was one of the show-places in . shire. I stayed with the Cliffords for a couple of months. During that time the house was quict, visitors few--they eschewed company for my sake. At the end of two months I left them, comforted and helped, and with many pro-. mises of a return by-and-by. Circumstances, however, too varied and too many to mention, prevented that second visit taking place for a couple of years. At the end of that time a great longing came over me to see Mary Clifford again. I must write to her, and propose a visit. I did so. By return of post I got a short, but characteristic reply : "Denase- Iooson,-Of course I long to see you, but unfortunately the house is fuli. Large as it is, it is crammed from cellar to attic. "1ly dear, I don't want to refuse you. I do long to see you. Will you sleep in rihe Tapestry room? for of ceurse it is empty. I dare not put anybody else lthere, but I don't think you, Honr,r will he liraid of the ghiest. If the Tapes irrrooim will do, come, and a thousand welcomes. I an put up your maid.-Your loving Friend. 3MARY CLIIFFORD." To this letter I made a short answer ; " Ido not believe in the ghost. Tio Tapestry toom willdoboaulifully. Expect meto- morrow." The next evening I arrived at Aspen's ale in time for dinner. The Tapestry room looked charming. I fell in love with it on the spot, and vowed laughingly that the ghost and I would make friends. -Iy maid, however, looked grave over my jesting remarks; it was plain that she be lieved in supernatural visitations. Gaiety of heart, however, was over me. I could not resist the cheerful influences of my old friend's company. I felt happier than I had done since my husband's death, and after a very delightful evening, retired to my room, feeling brave enough to en counter any number of ghosts that might choose to visit me. The Tapestry room was quite away from the rest of the house-it was at the extreme end of a wing. No other bed-rooms were in this wing. There were a smoking-room, a morning room, and a little oriel chamber, which Mrs. Clifford in her early married life had curiously fitted up for herself, but now sel dom occupied. Neither did she believe in the ghost, but she confessed that this little criel chamber had an eerie feel. The morning.room opposite, cheerful and pretty enough, was unused. Its furniture was antique, it belonged to a by-gone day, and its inhabitants were dead. The smok ing-room also was deserted ; even the fumes of tobacco had left it, the squire preferring a more central apartment in the modern part .of tihe house. Altogether, this wing of the old house seemed dead. Visitors only came to it out of curiosity ; they paid brief visits, and pre ferred doing so in broad daylight. It must have been quite a hundred years since the Tapestry room in the far end of this wing had been-slept in. Old as the other rooms in the wing looked, the Tapes try room bore quite the palm for ancient appearance. There was not an article of furniture in it, not a chair, not a table, which anrst not have seen the light of centuries.. The furniture was all of the blackest oak, the bed-stead the usual four-poster on which our ancestors loved to stretch tlremselves. lBut the curious feature of the room, that which gave it its name, was tirhe tapestry. Not an inch of the walls was to be seen ; they were hung completely with very ancient and very faded tapestry. There was a story about this tapestry. One Dame Clifford, of long, long by-gone days, had worked it, with the help of her maidens. She had come to an untimely end on the very day on which the great work of her life had been completed. It does not matter to this story what be camne of the proud and fair dame, but it was her ghost which was said to haunt the wing, alnd tnhe Tapestry chamber in particular. Warden, my maid, as she helped me to un dress, looked quite pale with terror. " They do say, ma'am, as Dame Clare Clif ford appears with her head tucked under her ann, and threads from the old tapestry hang .cg to her skeleton fingers. She's dressed m grey silk, that don't rustle never a bit, 'tis so thick it might stand all alone, they do say. 'Tis awful lonesome for you, mnadaln, to sleep here alone, and I'll stay rith you with pleasure if it comes to that, though my nerves arn't none of the stron gest." I thanked Warden, however, and assured her that I was not in the least afraid ; and she, with a well-relieved face, left me alone. I heard her footsteps echoing down the cor ridor-they died away. I was now out of reach of all human help, for in this distant room, in this distant wing, no possible sounds could reach any other inhabitants of Aspen's Vale. I think I have implied that I was brave. In my girlhood, in my short married life, een in thie sad depression of my early widowhood, I had never known physical fear; nevertheless, when the last of War den's footsteps echoed out and died, and that profound stilness followed which can be oppressive, I had a curious sensation. I did not call it fear, I did not know it for that grim and pale-faced tyrant ; but it made me uncomfortable, and caused my heart to beat irregularly. The sensation was this-I felt that I was not aloise. Of course it was fancy; and what had I to do with fancy I determined to banish this nncomfor table feeling from my mind, and stirring the fire to a cheerful blaze, I drew one of the black oak chairs near it and sat down. Warden had looked so pale and frightened before she left me, that out of consideration for her feelings I had allowed her to leave the jewels which I had worn that evening on the dressing-table, There they lay, a set of very valuable bril. liants. There was an old-fashioned mirror over the mantelpiece, and as I sat by the fire I saw the reflection of my diamonds in the glass. As I noticed their sparkle, again that strange sensation returned; this time more strongly, this time with a cold shiver. I was not alone. Who was in the Tapestry chamber ? Was it the ghost ? Was that story true, after all ? Of course I did not believe it. I laughed aloud as the idea came to me. I felt that I was getting quite silly and nervous. There was nothing for me but to get into bed as quickly as possible. I was about to rise from my easy-chair and go over to the old-fashioned four-poster, when again my attention was attracted to the glass over my head. It was hung in such a way as to reveal a largeportion of the room, and now I saw, not the diamonds, but something else. In the folds of the dim and old-world tapestry I saw something move and glitter. I looked again ; there was no mistaking it it was an Eye, a humlan eye, looking fixedly at me through a hole in the canvas. Now I knew why I felt that I was not alone. There was some one hidden between the tapestry hangings and the wall of the chanm ber. Some one-not a ghost. That eye was human, or I had never looked on human eye before. I was alone with a thief, perhaps with worse, and gems of immense value lay within his reach. I was absolutely alone, not a soul could hear the most agonised cry for help in this distant room. Now I knew--if I had ever doubted it be. fore-that I was a very brave woman. The imminence of the peril steadied the nerves which a few minutes before were beginning strangely to quiver. I neither started nor exclaimed. I felt that I had in no way betrayed my knowledge to my terrible guest. I sat perfectly still, thinking out the situation and my chances of escape. Nothing but consummate coolness could win the victory. I resolved to be very cool. With a fervent and passionate cry to One above for succour, I rose from my chair, and going to the dressing-table, I slipped eoveral costly rings off my fingers. I left them scattered carelessly about. I denuded my self of all but my wedding-ring. Then Iput the extinguishers on the candles -they were wax, and stood in massive silver candlesticks. The room, however, was still brilliant with the light of the fire on the hearth, I got into bed, laid my head on the pillow, and closed my eyes. It may have been ten minutes-it seemed more like an hour to my strained senses before I heard the faintest movement. Then I discovered a little rustle behind the tapes try, and a man got out. When he did so I opened my eyes wide; at that distance he could not possibly see whether they were open or shut. He was a powerful man, of great height and breadth. He had a black beard, and a quantity of thick black hair. I noticed his features, which were tolerably regular. I also noticed another peculiarity; amongst his raven locks were one perfectly white. One rather thick white lock was flung back off his forehead-so white was it that the fire-light instantly revealed it to me. The man did not glance towards the bed, he went straight, with no particularly quiet step, to the dressing-table. I closed my eyes now, but I heard him taking up my trinkets and dropping them again. Then he ap proached the bed- side. I felt him come close, I felt his breath as lie bent over me. I was lying on my side, my eyes were shut, I was Lreathing gently. He went away again; lie returned to the dressing-table. I heard him rather noisily strike a match, then with a lighted candle in his hand he once more approached the bed. This time he bent very low indeed, and I felt the heat of the flame as he passed it softly before my closed eyes. I lay still, however; not a mnovement, not a hurried breath betrayed me. I heard him give a short satisfied sigh. Again, candle in hand, he returned to the dressing-table. Once more I heard the clink ing sound of my trinkets as they fell through his fingers. There was a pause, and then-for no rea son that I could ever explain--he left the trinkets untouched on the table, and went to the door. He opened the door and went out. I did not know what he went for-perhaps to fetch a companion, certainly to return-but I did know that my opportunity had come. In an instaut, quicker than thought, Ihad started from my feigned slumbers; I was at the door, I had bolted and locked it. There were several bolts to this old- fashioned door, there were even chains. I drew every bolt, I made every rusty chain secure. I was not an instant too soon. I had scarcely fastened the last chain, with fingers that trembled, before the thief re turned. He saw that lie had been outwitted, and his savage anger knew no bounds. He kicked at the door, he called on me wildly to open it ; he assured me that lie had accomplices outside, that they would soon burst the old door from its hinges, and my life would be the forfeit. To my terror, I perceived that his words were no idle boast. The old door, secured by its many fastenings on the one side, was weak on the other; its hinges were nearly eaten through with rust ; they needed but some vigorous kicks to burst them from their resting places in the wood. I knew that I was only protected for a few minutes, that even if the thief was alone, he had but to continue to assail the door as vigorously as he was now doing for a little longer, to gain a fresh entrance into my chamber. I rushed to the window, I threw up the sash and bent half out. Into the clear calm air of the night I sent my strong young voice. " Help, help I-thieves !-fire ---danger I -help, help '1" I shouted these words over and over, but there was no response except an echo. 11y room looked into a distant shrubbery; the hour was late, the whole household in bed. The thief outside was evidently making way with the rusty hinges, and I was pre paring, at the risk of any oonsequences, the moment ihe entered the room to leap from the window, when I heard a dog bark. I redoubled my cries. The bark of the dog was followed by footsteps ; they came nearer, treading down fallen branches, which crackled under the welcome steps. The next instant a man came and stood under the window, and looked up at me. I perceived by his dress that lie was a villager, probably taking a short cut to his house. He stood under the window: he seemed terrified; perhaps he took me for the ghost. He was not, however, all a coward, for he spoke. "What is wrong?" he said. "This is wrong," I answered; "I am in extreme danger-extreme danger, There is not a moment to lose. Go instantly-in. stantly, and wake up the house, and say that I, Mrs. Crawford, am in extreme danger in the Tapestry wing. Go at once- atonce I" I spoke distinctly, and the man seemed to understand. He flew away, the dog follow ing him. I instantly threw myself on my knees, and in the terrible moments that followed I prayed as I had never prayed before. Would the man be in time ? Must my young life be sacrificed ? Ah I no. God was good. I heard joyful sounds; the thief's attacks on the door ceased suddenly, and the next instant the squire's hearty voice was heard. "Let me in, Honor ! What is wrong child I" I did let him in, and his wife, and several alarmed-looking servants who followed after. We instantly began to look for the thief, hut- mystery of mysteries--he had disap. peared. The terrible man with the black hair and white lock over hiis forehead had vanished as completely as though lie had never been. Except for the marks lie had made with his feet on the old oalk door, there was not a trace of his existence. I believe tile servants doubted that he had ever been, and only thought that the young ladywho was foolish enough to sleep in the Tapestry chamber lhad been visited by a new form of the ghost. Be that as it may, we never got a clue to where or how the man had vanished. Ten years later I was again on a visit at Aspen's Vale. This time I did not sleep in the Tapestry room. Inow occupied a most cheerful, modern, and unghostlikoe roons, and but for one cir cumstance my visit would have been thoroughly unremarkable. This was the circumstance which seems in a wonderful way to point a moral to my BY THE FIRE.-(sccTate.) curious tale. I paid my visit to the Cliffords during the Assizes. Squire Clifford, as one of the most influential county magnates, was necessarily much occupied with his magis terial duties during this time. Every morn ing he went early into Lewis, the town where the Assizes were held. One morning he told us of a case which interested him. "He is a hardened villian," he said ; "he has again and again been brought before me, but has never yet been convicted. He is unquestionably a thief ; indeed, one of the notorious characters in the place ; bat he is such a slippery dog, no jury has yet found him guilty. VWell, he is to be tried again to day, and I do hope we shall have sone luck with him this time." The squire went away,and it came into his wife's head and mine to pay a visit to the court, and see for ourselves the prisoner in whom he was interested. No sooner said than done. We drove into Lewis, and presently found ourselves in the large and crowded building. When we en tered, the case under discussion had not commenced, but a moment after a fresh pri soner was ushered into the dock. What was the matter with me? I found my sight growing dim, I found myself bend ing forward, and peering hard. The memory of an old terror came back, the sen sation of a couple of hours of mortal agony returned to me again. Who was in the pri soner's dock 1 1 knew the man. He was my guest of the Tapestry chamber of ten years ago. There he stood, surly, indifferent, with his vast breadth and height, his raven-black hair,,and that peculiar white look flung back from his brow. He did not glance at any one, but kept his eyes on the ground. I could not contain myself ; I forgot everything but my sense of discovery, I started to my feet, and spoke. "Mr. Clifford, I know that man; he was in my room ten years ago, Do you remem bher the night when I got the terrible fright in the Tapestry chamber in your house ? There is the man who frightened me. I could neverforgethis face. There he stands." Whatever effects my words had on the squire and the judge, there is no doubt at all of their remarkable significance to the pri soner. His indifference left him; he stared with wide-open and terrified eyesat me. It was plain that if I recognised him, he also recognised me. All his bravado left him; he muttered something, his face was blanched, then suddenly he fell on his knees and covered it with his hands. My evidence was remarkable and con clusive; and that day, for the first time, Hercules Armstrong was committed to prison. He had long been the terror of the neighbour hood, and no one regretted the just punish ment which had fallen on him. What his subsequent career may be I know not; this is the present end of a strange and perfectly true story. 