LOCAL AND GENERAL. In the supplement accompanying thlis day's Ilorsham Times may be found our agricul tural letter, mail news, and several other interesting items. Owing to pressure on our space, letters from our Werracknabeal, Rulpanyup North, and Willenabrina correspondents, with other matter, are unavoidably held over. We are informed that the Land Board, which commences its sittings this morn ing, intends to deal with the applications as follows:-To.day it is intended to deal with as many cases as possible, beginning with No. 1 and continuing in tho order given in the list published in the Times on the 13th inst. On Wednesday the board will sit at 9 o'clock, and consider the applications forland in the parishes of Qoantong and Wail, and on the following day (Thursday) the cases remaining unheard will be dealt with. The members of the Board are Messrs Vickery, Blundell and Clarke. Ont readers will bear in mind that thn Bazaar and Fine Arts Exhibition ke., in aid of the Horsham Volunteer Fire Brigade will be opened this evening, remaining open for the two following days also. The Mayor (Mr. Thos. Young) haskindly consented to perform the ceremony cf opening,at 8 o'clock, which will be preceded by a torchlight procession, with fireworks. &e.;, headed by the Borough Band, leaving the depot at half past 7 o'clock. and passing through the principal streets of the Borough. The Art Union, in which' it must be remembered there are some valuable priz:s, will also be drawn. THE man John Ward, charged with steal ing cheques and moneys from James M'Dougall on the Nhill racncourse in March 1882; was brought up on remand at the Court of Petty Sessions, Nhill, on Thursday last, and wasfarther remanded until next Thurs day,whean the case will be proceeded with. WileAT is coming in from all the sur. rounding districts in large qnuantitiee, and the storing accommodation is being taxed to its fullest extent. The storing sheds being full, it is necessary to stack in the open, especially at the local mills, where nearly all the avail able space is occupied. We regret to have to record that the acci dent which about three weeks since befell a little boy, three years old, son of Mr James Waring, of Noradjuha, by .falling into a caldron of hot water, has proved fatal, the poor little fellow having breathed his last, yesterday evening. We understand that ta all appearances he was progressing. satis. factorily,' untile mid-day yesterday, but he afterwards took' an unexpected change and died as stated. Great sympathy will no doubt be felt for Msr Waring in this affllition, which follows so soon after his recent bercavement. A-7aw dams since a well known whiat buyer, thinking he had a " soft thing" on, challapged a stalwart farmer, who was on loading wheat at the railway `station; tod ni a hundred yards whilst the farmer was run. ning fifty, the latter.to carry:a bag ot;- wheat osI li a k.; The offer was, accepted, and the racelwon by the farmer the .rae being far drinks all r. nd there was a goodly com pany to drink "the health of the loser." PearL a holidaya ave been proclaim.. follow :-Today. within the sbrongh? Sttire of St. Arnaud, as' at DibOs . al Nhll; Friday nextatDimboala, Kattyi mar and Nhill, and Tuesday i7th l arch, a bank and publie holiday at lB rahakn. AT the police court on Fridh-, fast, b Mr Bfltchinson, P.EM, and r wa'rs LE lands, Cameron and Irmanssen, ',p I was heard in which Asgust P ul ati sought to recover from Wm.G:e i of £17 Bs fur trhspar r aes ,- 'a respect of the trepa.?s of :;rf - f6 A his cultivation paddock at, PTabie. '. plainiff provil that iea the O4th,_ w 1100 sheep had trespassed, SH) c? Jan IGth, and 80 on the 3rd Flbroasy. admitted that on restoring the Il) be h offered to accept £3, for the damnre doa and, as the other trespasses were not denid the ABneh made an orier is: Jf It. a £216 costs. Mr Twig?apprared for tiz .p tiff and Mr Ireland for the defenda-t. the same eonrt Joseph Rice was charges John Forrest with deserting his cphyir t and also with mislonduct sabird acrva-t When the cases were called sn the teficnds; did not appear, and the PBeno were aslecd issue a warrant for his arrest, which tlhy were about to do, bau, on Mr Tai?,e application, they agreed to allow the ?se ta stand over until 2 o'clock, so that the d fead ant might be communicated wilL. Oa the court sitting at 2 o'clock, the case was I:es?n and the defendant was i.,ind gu:lly oa thl charge of misconduct, and £3 were sedectdl from his wages, with £1 3s Gd cast. The other case was dismissed without crsts. 31 Ireland appeared for the plaintiff a, d $r Twigg for the defendant. The case of Prirs v. Lea was postponed for a week, :s was al3 the fraud summons case of Wilson v. W-l. liams, on Mr Twigo's application. The defaulting betting man, Godfrey Ta'laba, was fined £5 for insulting behavior, and d young man named Bell was fined £2 for fighting with a man na:ned Sylvester_ Accormtrs are at the Sub-treasnrr, lI,r sham, payable to Dr W. J. Cross and Dlr r. J. Young. A crEooe of delegates frcm earine Railway Leagues was held at Jenkins' !iot. Sheep Hills, for the purpose of muin, arrangement:- for the successful carrying e.: of matters in connection a ith the pro.ral banquet ti be given to the members f.,: . district, and the ministry. Mr. P. Pl':ii president of the St. Arnaud Shire, was v-., to the chair. It was ultirastely agree.! t:; the banquet should be held at Werrackon,,.i and sub-committees formed at Sheep Iii 1, and other centres for the purpose of a?s"ara the head committee at Werrae:nabca!. TLe meeting closed with a vote of thanks o t'h, chairman. Tus repairs and renovation of the ~., offices are now pret!y well comp!ee. Tai-: improved appearance was very perceptib!e last night when, for the first tine, 5gas ra lighted in the building, the sunlight in the couneil chamber especially reflecting credit on the contractor, MSr Bradbury. Tu? annual conference of the B :. Christian Church of Victoria, commeneed; i'?+ sittings in the Skipton Street Churas. Ballarat, onThursday last, about 70 ministers and laymen being I.: dent. The Rev B. W:r ren was elected president, J.Teague secretary. A. Uglow journal secretary, end D. Dalley duplicate secretary. The relorts from the circuits were of a most. encouraging nature, indicating substantial progress in each de partment of the church's work. An increase of 274 communicants was reported. A num ber of promising young ministers were set apart to the work, and the church's prospect never looked brighter than at present. The ...t.r cstationinmg mse mmntart. ror the com ing year will be considered to-day. Tie rabbit extirpatic's operations carrise on by the Kara Klra Shire and St. Arnand Borough Council iL e up to the present, we (Mercury) are informed by Mr. Rothey, C.L.B., been attensi.. with great success. The poison laid is eagerly eaten by the rabbits, and in some places the air is tainted by the decomposition of the dead animals, and it is expected that a satisfactory clear oane will be made of the peat, althCngh the recent .rain we have been favoured with, may, by causing a growth of new vegetatina, he the means olffurther respite to the bunnies who have not yet availed themselves of the tempting provender kindly spread for them A cuprous tale (says the World) is being told at St; Kilda. It is that daring the east few weeks a "ghost" has been walking i he SLt.Kilda Cemetery, r:,d has caused ,et alarm to several ladies. A tra '.?a residing near determined to have a s?ot at the ghost, and on Saturday night watch'ed. "It" walked shortly lefore midnight, and when the tradesman toolk aim with a pist.l, there was a leap and a very unghostly squeal. On coming up with the " ghost" lie found "it" to be san of a high legal luminary, who had been having a lark. The shot tookeffect in the arm, and caused a serious wcunul. The young gentleman is now confined to bhi bed, and it is not likely that the ghost will walk for some time to com. As instancing the improvement of matters across the border, we (i'meileoe, Sorctaor') hear that Messrs Walter and ~itretch hars, during the week, sold aount 17,001 two sad four'tooth we:,ere, to one buycer, the' destination beish Ne?r South VWalesc whence some of them originally came. TIerAs Judge 'orbcs a more rapid j~dge never took his shot on the judicial lben-h, and many amusing shtories are tolt abount his promptitude in s-ttling cares. Among cthern says thele Spector, the foliowing will he read with interest:-A, lawyer was treating liis Honor one day to a long harangue, and per sisted in wasting time, notwithstandineg 1is Ionor's repeated querios of "SHave yoe done ?" No sooner lad the attorney finished than judgement was gien: "Nonsuit" SaidT the lawyer, '" Will ynour Honor give yonr reasons for a nonsuit, the judges of the S' preme Court always do ?'" Reply--"I'm not a judge of the Supreme Court. Call the next case." In another .c~ase cunsel ashked, in order to secure the attendance oia witncss for an adjournment of ten minutes. "Ad journment," replied His Honor, Oh Vea the court adjournse while I take a pinoh. of snuff." Oat came his baors, the pinchr was inhaled, and " Non then go on, was the Judge's order. Is greatest fe t, bowever, was the dispoastall no fewer than sixty cases in a quarter of an hour. This, if we recollect aright, occurred at Belfist, where His Honor, as usunai, was the "soul of pnnctuality." The court was oened at ttn sharp, case after case was called on shan disposed of, and in less than twenty miantes Judge Forbes was in the hotel where same of the lawyers had congregated, waiting for the undefended cases to be disposed of before they went to.court. "The smartest. workT eirer did in my life," remarked th jcdge~, "I have got through the list, disposer of sixty casm in a quarter of an hoi-a' The aostonishment of the legal fraternity who i d been taking matters so easily, e a b better imagined than descri.d, hue tley had nt remelyi they ahoeld havse bee at bthe eoeh tl0 o'lock and left nothilng t hanca. Soa idea of the Egyptia climate msy her gathered from the folloaig Lfront Trly~ The consequences to' the Marines of tLei sojern tat Staakim are as folloes:--0t o s . forme. otf 900 men, one cier, LOtenant· lamper, and 27 have dit., 101 hare nS - invalided home, and 205 bars bn in hes ,ital at euss ;aEnlthwepapceedlteshfo55aat i'eprtess, appearing thrice a week, he' lsc started at Dresdeno. It is slated to be fh& only English nwspasper Ja Gerabpy, AccoRD??i to the Ensign. the GoPrnament 1as a great number of hanud employedi the EowreeShire at present. These are engaged jistribntiog poisoned substances, Pmbh' as -,aff and bran, and, it would apr ear from ?fh accounts of people" travellipn. through the district, with some effect. Frr instance, a traveller from Spring Hill say a he passed a place where the air was literaPn poisoned by the stench from dead rabbits. Large numbers of dead rabbits are also lying on the lands just out of IIo new, where the Government -arties are- ortking. Men are receiving 9.i per doze'a for scalps, with rations on some of tb a rivate lands, the bolders of which are msing strenuous exer tions to make the ar ite sn.a atr? y.. rabbits generally sac xesfuL A Pra-.Tri m'ch :of £10 aside is likely to come alf shortly on the Werraclknabeal race course, between tI ie welllknown horse Sir ioaiuoick, the prof erty of Mr Osear Thomas, !o.l ·1 r T. O'Cal ag?gn's.l:k mare, The Gun ner. As both I amues and owners are well. known ,at Were .clmabeal, considerable in to erd co::sequ stly centered in the event. Br advecrtisc ment it will be seen that the lIev. A. C. S mith, M.A., is to deliver his iateresting leed rare, "A run through Italy," is the Wesley in Church Nurabiel on Friday its (comp Jimentary banquet to be given to Messrs 3aIn .den and akter M's L.A., at Nati liuk on 'l' ,ursday promises to pass off most successfuavy. The committee has been work ing eoeorgtlically, and a large attendance is anticipated. TcoLEGuALCn were received on Saturday by -ihe Governors of the Australian colonies, .rxcept New South Wales, intimating that their offers of assistance in the Soudan are decliced for the present. ;: TE -is-litn foot race for £21 a-side conestred in Melbourne on Saturday between .1. O'Coosor and J. l'ower,two athletes well aoswn in this district, was won by the for ziwr by two yards in 58 min. 31sec. after a pllendid race. Poer ran with an injured foert, and a subscription was getup on his 1oha'f. Ar the recent c:sference of vermin boards held i Mlelhboutne it was mentioned that the plhn of: ti ing poisoned water for the rabbits is troughs near the waterholes had proved Very succsfutl. It is now thought, how. yesr, s- the A1;r, that an even more rl: coal Ilan, aud one which does not in. vTlve th!, ri-k of the other, is to deprive the rti.5t:l altcogtc: er t walter-to fence in the wtoer holes and other means cf supply. This systemt has already been fllowed 'with succ;, the rabbits having been actually oL:..d east l he districts where it basbeen tr..-.. lle utea in the Government employ are nes in esveral localities fencing in the watkr holes on Crown lands in the mallee Ai:'rict, na:d similar eteps are being taken b tll:e block holders. F:osr time to time since the magnitude or tihe rabbit plagou in the country districts has imen brought prominently under notice, the 2dinister of L ods has bad submitted to him oa almost endlies. variety of echemes, each tI which has been strongly urged by its sponsor as a prompt and off.etive means of ?stcrn:inating the pest. Several of these urcposals have been subjected to practical Isth., with the result that many have failed alto etber, and the others have proved ,asceesful in only a qualified degree. Another new plan has recently been sub mitted to the Minister by an engineer whose n.a0Ce is not disclosed. Atpreeent bi-sel. phide of carbon is used with satisfactory results for the suffocation of rabbits in their burrows. The mnethod nos recommended is that a poison in the form of small cartridges should be used. Thecsrtridges, before being thrown into the berrows, are to be cut or broker, open, when, it is alleged, they will ,ive off a deadly gas, which being of greater suecific gravily than the atmospheroewill rcl ain in the burrows for an indefinite time. 31r. Tucker has decided upon giving the cartri.lges a fair trisl. If they should have the qualities claimed, their use will be attended with some distinct advantages. The bisulphide of carbon, besides being dirty to handle anl liable to explode, has an tfeusive smell, and to ensure its efficacy, all ,ibe burrows in a warren must be stopped up, whilst, says the Age, none of those objec tions would exist in coo. eetisn with the new hubeme. A scasel of young men residing at a ownsohip in the Warrnambool district made sep their minds last Saturday and Sunday (far e the Standard) to volunteer for service in the Saodan. On Monday night they met trge:her, most of them armed with gone, their o wn private property, and one of their smr or, , who had belonged to the old volon t-, r aorce, formed them into a line, and put thSs through a number of movements. The r:.o-a uInrched down the road for some con .:icrable distance, followed by an amateur mo-ician, whlo played the cornet. Suddenly a terriblie roar was heard. "Old -'a ball lar Ir ,ken loose" exclaimed one of the party, a.i. true enough it had, and was charging !t :e mpauny. A very few seconds after not .ae cf the youeg men was visible. The :o-:eot of the company had been one of the ot" :apid a50. -fellive oa record. The cxt :,:oruing two guns were found lying on e reoadl, and a cornet w hich seemed to have L: :adliy troddmn upon. The young men l;e g;.ven up all idea of volunteering for the A :o;. namcu~ l Macrae, n farmer, at Man 7r,, in New Zealaed, who has recently been 0ale 0he eslject of agrarian outrages, has :Ji- nd a let:er giving him a month to live. The detectives lrve hitherto failed to dis 2s..e cay clue to the offenders, Th,: Warrnambool correspondent of the laooo.' ton S?ectetor writes :--A melancholy jcideh t occu.rrerd .t Pcrnim, on Friday lkst. A yc:;-o married woman named l'Ktenna. living at Purnim, was found dead by her 3ralhana on his return from Warrnamboo1. he idece3sed tos only twenty lree years of ,_c' havin, been married two years, and she lived on the most affectionate terms with her c.u-ba.do. At about seven o'clock on Friday light ll'Kenna returned home, having left her Lly a ftow hours before in perfect health to all D;ttarance. On going towards the house he za ,omething on the ground inside the fence, t,'hich be thought was his wife hiding from Izka, rd he called oat to her "I see youn, Annie." Buht hie received no respoensc, and sn the husband looking over the fience be eaw its young wife lying dead. She had aggarattly gone to meet him on his'return Ireo:n town, and had died from the effects of alot. rous effusion on the brain was the J-ical lestimony as to the came efdeath. As action for £20,000 damages will shortly t-?.rs the Hemrd?) engae the attention of Ssw courts, and in which an ex-councillor of Ararat and an ex-mayor of Geelong will e Lhintiff anl defendoanst respectively. eias of the actin -is in connection siii a Giplsled coal mine, ano the partico. -s twhen thev ree the hIght, are of such a Itt.tor, hota -y bid fair to eclipseall 'in ols nn;ng disputes that have yet come The trial of Asthur Edwarmd Lndii-for £teaging Cathrino May itose, at Findoi,, C loremnher 8, was conclded atAdelaide tariiay. The acensedana eeded in pr? nRg comtplete alif, and wa acquitted .'1: SAha luowortb, of Pierrepoint, has, accord. is- the Ilamillfs ,Spscaior, in his poe Pre Wilths nfouram, in the shapteof a lkion'o u r legs. All thee spring fro n ip of the bird, and tliree of themo i ui The fourth merely :swinge, withant a liol the sroaund, as the tarkey-. 1ow0 e0ll strt along. The" bird is·-, e - c rlertLbalth and its locomotionis sniio In Si y impeade by itSextra foon.LaL Through the exertions of Sub-Inspector Brown a fresh discovery, which is considered of considerable importance, has been made with regard to the movements of the convict Barnes just prior to his last incarceration, and one which, says the Age, may lead to further developments in connection with the murder of the late J. B. Slack; It has been ascertained that on the 25th September Barnes broke into the house of Dr Annand in Lons dale-street west, and having ransacked several rooms carried off a suit of black clothes, together with a set of gold studs, which on the following day he pawned in the name of William Bennett, with Ralph Stobans, of 33 Courtney-street Hotham. This pro perty was only recovered yesterday. It has also been ascertained that at the time he committed this robbery he was lodging at No 146 Little Bourke- street west, where he passed under the name of Bennett. He was seen on Dr. Annand's premises by one of the servants, who, coming upon him suddenly, caused the robber to take to his heels. Some articles of jewellery, supposed to have belonged to Mr. Slack, were pledged by a man giving his name as Bennett. Slowly, but surely, the chain of evidence, purely circumstantial, but none the less reliable, is being forged, which will establish Barnes' guiltiness of the crime of which he is self-accused. During the past fortnight he has been frequently visited by four medical men, who, under directions from the Crown law officers, have carefully examined him with a view to establishing the fact of his sanity. The criminal, thoroughly aware of their object, has of late displayed extraordinary cunning, apparently with the view of deceiving the authorities. He now endeavors to make all who see him believe him to be mad, and some of his actions are well calculated to bear out the part he is playing. TiE bank-no'e scare brought about by the failure of the Oriental Bank had no per manent effect upon the general note circula ticn of the colony, for as the Insurance and Bankineg Record points out the note circula. Lion increased by £110,21S during the last quarter of 181. How to make a woman speak.-At the Geelong Assizes much dilfficulty was exper ienced in hearing what a female witness was saying. Eventually, says the Ilamillon Spectalo-r Mr Townsend 'Dermott ashouted, "Talk as you would toyonr husband." The effect is said to have been electrical. After that advice the woman could be heard all over the court, and probably outside of it. Tuo Argus has received a lithographed note from Herr Premier-Lieutenant Kurella. requesting that publicity be given to an ac companysog circular. It sets forth that there is throughout the German Empire a " deep disturbance of the national conscience," be. cause of the action of the majority of the members of the Reichstag on the 15th of December. Onlthat occasion the representa. tives of the people cast a slur on the great political leader who has piloted the German people to unexampled successes by refusing to provide tlhe cost of a Ministerial sub. ordinate who was to lighten his labors as Chancellor of the Empire. As a protest against this action, it is now necessary that an n outburst of popular enthusiasm should lshow that Prince Bismarck still retains his hold of the German people. Impelled by this duty, "national-minded" men have resolved all over Germany that coilections be made towards a " Bismarck- stiftung," or fund for making the Prince a presentation that shall do honor both to the givers and to the receiver. This is to be tendered to him on Iris 70th bistbday, which will also be the jubilee of his entrance into the public service of his country. .In order that all such efforts my bhe harmoniously combined, a central committee has been formed in Berlin, of which Herr urdlla is one of the secretaries, Herr Dr Hemman being the other. hierr Korella's circular concludes by appealing to all Germans to join" in this movement, and to send their sueecriptions to the " Bismarck.stiftung' to Ilerlin, addressed to Herr Bankibr Rudorff, 32 Ochaneberger. strasse, A DATiri from snakebite occurred at Alexandra on Thursday evening. A son of Mrs. Robb Thornton was in the act of getting through the panael of a fence, when he stepped on to a largo black snake. Upon releasing itself it made a savage attack upon the boy, and bit him to the ankle bone. He speedily went home and informed his sister, who immediately cut a piece out, severing the .ein. She then sucked the wound for some time. A horseman was sent for a doctor, and the boy was brought into Edwards' Hotel, and attended by Dr. Leith bridge. The lad had lost a great deal of blood, and in spite of the untiring efforts of the doctor, heo expired on the following day. A speuIAL reporter of the fewt ]Yr]rk Ier ald, who was instructed to visit tie starving foctory hands at Paterson, New Jersey, gives some terrible details of what he saw: "Tnoso of the inhabitants of the houses who were able to be abroad were thin and attenuated, and utter starvation was depicted upon their features. Hollow cheeks and glaring hungry-looking eyes made the men, womsen, and children look little less than savages, but an inside view of some of theose houses presented a terrible sight. Eagged little children stood in the doorways nad besought the visitors, not for money, but for food. The women and children were in tat tern, and the latter were supplicating for nourishment, which the former were unable to provide. Grey- haired grandmothers and grandfathers sat by, crying like children." As English paper writes:-At the Smith field Cattle Show last week, one of the priza takers was MJr John Jones, Central Buildings, Llandodno, who exhibited an ox, three years and eight months old, which was named '' Llnufairpwllgwsynsyllgogerchwmyrydrobw l.landisiliogogogoehb:" A correspondent states that the name stands fairly in the catalogue, but no one to his knowledge had pronounced it. Probably it was a grim Welsh joke. The name, however, edrio?s it may look is the one that a parish i'Ang lesey enjoys, and is found in the directoriee. We shoutld say an English schloolmaster wouald be very much abroad in that locality, it would be fair to say, " A Welshman pre. ferred." Tne Castlemaine correspondent of the Bendigo Adecrtiser writes:-When the nens arrived in Castlemaine of the confession of a man named Richard Harvey Gordon to the Cloncurry police at Queenoland, ?f the murder of a miner named HenryEdwiard Bartlett, in a mine at Taradale about the year 1855,'ia eaosed some little exlcitemeat. The police here had previously heard of the affair and had searched the records, but failed to find any trace of the crime. Hlow ever, Dr Moalcolm, who has been an old identity of Castlemaine, has stated that in 1860 a skeleton was found in a drive at New Year's Flat at Feyerstown, and that' Dr Preshaw had boheld an enquiry"on the remains. Hoe fonnd that the skullhtd been smashed in. The remains were interred, but the name of deceased was never known. The pblice will make further inquiries. ' One' of the eons of lir. Tho. Cantell, while riding over his father's land at Cant well's Creek .on Saturday, was accidentally habot by two ?ads; sons of miners at Oodohi w'hile in priiolit of irabbits. Being fright cned, ati what' they. had done, tht boys'at dert ran away, hut quichly rettirni; to. render what assistanc ia wasposible. Upon examination it was found that a number of shot were lodged in the head of the.borse the pour lad e an riding, while a largeqquimtity had also enteted the boy's leg. Medical aid being called in, it was forund.thf one of the abot had gone ?ader ther'i'ntiihuii ye o's kneecap, which will probabijlyatioi?[ inj-i 2sij-y affect him for along time toeome¢f ait for the rest of his life. 1S~ a 