SYI)NEY "VlECHOES,, \------- W(FOsI OUri OW CORRI SPONDENT.) P wo1!DS ' , wonDs, wonss!" PEItlAia there nevucer was a time in the history of tihe colony when the procoedings of I'Parliament have been so hopelessly dull as they nre'beginning to be, now that the As sembly has given itself hopeles'sly overto the t.aiking ldisease. At one timne lurieng the past fortnight it did appear that even some of the now nmembers would have the self denial to refrain from'inflicting tlheir virgin " pipes ".on.tlhe Parliamentary air. But a few of'the older members kept at it too long, and the fact of one or two' novices making a fairly. successful impression suc ceedd' in bringing about the melancholy result of this pitiless waste of words that we have had' to endure ini the Legislative Assembly Chamber during the pastfew days, and which is destihied.to continue duriing the ensuing hebdomadal period. So 'fnl; the debate on the noconfidence motion has only bceri relieved from utter dreariness': by tlhe speech of Sir Henry Parkes, and perhaps thrce oilhrs. The worst 'of it has bhen, that the stibject being conuined within narrow lines of argumentl has not ndmit ted of much variety of treatment. ' If the tallking of tile past week was dull though, wlhat sort of babble can we expect from the tag-nragand babtail section of mushioom legislators who are to follow ? ONE THiING GAISED. Out of evil corneth good sometimes, how ever, and this has been demonstrated during the progress of the bewildering flow of~iwords above remarked upon. The prolongation of the debate has helped, the. Oppositioni "cause not a little. Every delay has lesseued the Government chance,: and, as showun in the ease of Mr. Chanter the free-scleetoms' menmt. blr, has Wveakened the Government ranks. It is now considered certaini by those best qualified to jodge that the Government must be defeated. Even the nmost confident on that side of the House have fallen off in confidence. Government supporters, in speak ing to the question, may frequently be heard reforring, .o the probable successors of the Ministry. lThe speech of Mr. Chanter was very dangerous to the Ministerial cause,: because it diricted especial atten tion to the signiiicant admission of a firm supporter of the Go--ernmet--MIr. G. H. Reid -- that the present Mlinistry are undoubtedly responsible for the acts of the late 'Governnment A imore damaging admission from a man iof position in the Goversnmunt ranmks could not have been made. It at once settled a klnotty pointabout which there has been umuch hiir splitting, and determined several wavering members in their decision. Of course the!c is no telling which side will win till the " numbers are up," but from preseut inidictatiouns it seems to your correspondeUt fair to predict that the Government have inot thie ghost of a show. lTheir fate.is sealed so far as the present Admilistratioih is concerned, HIow far the Opposition willibe successful beyond that is auother questiou: ilIS FIrIST EtIGOR.. Among tile new 'members' Mr. Harold Stephen, a tolerably well.known Knight of the Pen, made i good impression by his fi?tls speech. He createdrl a good opinuiou in what was evideutly au.impromlptu speech, but he was terribly 'unfortunate in making such a glaring mistake as to',lay an unfounded charge agiinst the Minister for Lands,,being led into the error by confusing:the -nA.me of that gentleman witli that of one' of his rela tives.. He took an early oppyorttiiit'yof eosr . rectimig the blunder, and did it becomingly but the early misti!ke detracted coisiderably from the favourable:impression hecdreated on both sides of the House bybhis first speech. A DISC?ONTENTED OISN. A friend ofmnus was liveu by'hi--tbat is, when he fno-recently toolnk sick, of some. thing with a long naime :Invented, by the faculty especially for his case: andshe went into the Sydney Hospital ':When" "getting round" he found doisiderable ;amusement in watching the other patients. :I's nfet bad fun, I believe;, to w atch other people: more sick than yourself ; behsidos, it haS? the im. proving effect of awakeniing ii: youl ':' spirit of thankfuloness.'," Which is much'.:insisted npon by the clergy as necessary t;d:the woel fare of the soul. But bthit bhy the?aiy. My friend was inuoh strtick with the conduct of one of the counvalescents'in"' ih' wriird. He (the!patient .roferred td) .:bd?ai tbi' exhibit great restlessness some days after ,lie could walk about. At times ho would become sul. ]en. and at last i"setitl.d gloom took pos session of him. Sometimesimy frienid heard guttural sounds proceeding frm' the eccen. tric miin' 'stretcher, which lie: believed to be half-smothered curses..,0aieday as he 'passed alfodg' my? .friend' .accosted-. him a'You siem ineiasy," " siil' bhe,' i? hbt's the 'mattor.','? "Ah, matterdienougl,"replied the gloomy man. "Got something onyor mind, perhaps? "'saiad my friend, sympsathiaiingly. " I should:say I. hasl: r". "Ah, well, you'll soon ibe out now, and .have change opf scene." " Ha i that's it,' isaid' the ,m.'ino " That's wha:s on my iiiisid. Liok hire, mate, its infernal hard to get 'ino this piHce, what with'the deckvesomentsbnof one kind ando ainother;: bit :it'ainfernia!hard toget out on the sums prif'?iile:i hey'ye '.get me here, and I'mi ;blamed if they'll let:'me go again. " 'Perhaps ;Ihey s?ant to exp6rimnau talise on my;Uinfbrt'hate oa?iisd-el'ye.heard on such things.' IT'here, tiat's my trouble." My friehd'though'somiewhvat startled by the 'reflection coeijiired "up liby'tli.e :helanocholy patient, thought his " troubtile "'little eriough. You see it wvns'free" lodgings ifor hiun any way. Bit the disoonittnts d men' ?ippeared much revived att ha;iing uinuirdeuied lnmself, " ' TYitiANY Or "ltE LAW . No oneof :common, sense .wili,.doubt the dcsiribleiness ?of, thie com'iulsoiry clause in our StateEducatio~d Act., But'. i iits'opera tion it is sometimes fdolund o',b nothing sliott of tyinunoits A casesin point' lins oc curied in conineotion'ivit th th.'eDirlieighurst 'Ptblic Schobol "of thlie, mnisgi?dmt fubEchich I have lieard l compllai nts on; more .than one occasion. The parents of one of the children visiting.that school thavy beeusumumonedl by tile uinpector for not scudin"gtlie.child to school tfor three; monitlihs at the beginning of present year. ' The faots o"bf.tlidecase are plainly these. Tilet mothrof tr ofh'child, for aitni'ly r acsolskept; tiler daughter at home, but conutinilii: heddiuitimon ;toe Lrhich task shel:,is: s'sciiil;,qulinlif?ud, ;:; ?ha g ben a teacher' ,lerself foru yeas;' ,TIlie girl is 11 yeais of eig anild is priipsa .b'etter'edicated than 'imnirtentlitiu of tl.h littl folksi attending our P?uilic 'Schools. Y.etbecause; a format nticoe'of 'the fact that tlL caild liad been receiv il'ug privateo iiistructidiiiduriini? 'ibhl period named wasnotsentbv the child's'niother, who is a straiiger to the eol ny'nand igniorant of the lIw, she hMs biedi pit to ttij' worry.;~ and in convenience, of .rosponding...to -a., summons issued by, ' too zealous insplctor. 'The case has yeti to'hbd' ieidei6d at:one 'of the police courts;.'" it whichieher way it goes the un fortunate viotim of ofioialdom is entitled to sympat hy '. Th''c'hbcinpuilsorveregulation with its naitsr ,ii'il penhaltie s'" ws nzever in tondt d to harass and annoy highly respect ,bsl6's'iiij dvotoed pareutp, mVeu mauku the rd.ucatioi 6f" hdiec'rihildien i:: shefirst aim in life. 