Dulrin the reest railwayi tion whh 'obtained for usia'eni, terinal2~itatioi?o the Heidelberg'eoad-:td tho intense'dlsap 'ointment of a certaln'ij ue in a city not a hundred miles away as wil be seen anon there-appeared'in'one- of'yoer-dailycontem poraries two inspired paragraphs-very highly colored but awfully-?eisle?ading which some had minded persons said were the work of one or both our too attentive members, Bnt even if such were the case is not self preservation the first-law of. natura partielarly that which:hla: direst referencs to the aggregation of £ s.'d:.,'conse eentl the end in viOw, stifies the means adop So wags the world, my maoters. On Monday last in the same journal we had another specimen of the inspiring bus-l '[ ness. Some few weeks ago the Mayorof the1' City referred to above :cansed--I say caused advisedly,,ask me not why-a letter,.., to be written to the said journal anent rail. way matters, which duly appeared.. So far;,, so good. 'Bnt when he and his colleagues discovered that their little scheme for con verting our Edinburgh Gardens into a wood sidini for the benefit of the said city had bursts up their next moire.was to inspire a is subrleader in AMonday's issue and a leader o: ,r Thursday." Goodness, gracious me I Mr. Editor, when will this inspiring fakement end?? Can you throw any light, Mr. Editor, on., the following :- S Hanover-strc1t. 91,!01.'85=,._;, -Dearar'anry Aensf"Hae dtlo ai wnho drave.... the watering carts all gone mad. My reason for asking is.becaueo I, have lived in. this, ? street for nearly t'renty years and until! a 1 fetw lays ago never saw the ghost of a water in: Iart before. sut during the past fosr or fivedays they have paraded the.street as.., regular as clock work. Please relieve my intense anxiety about the mental condition of the drivers.-Yours, for ever, Anicous Moxnau By the bye, Mr Editor, where does Cr. Phipps reside now ? For thereby hangs a tale. . . The hbn. R.. Reid says he is an English. man. Well, what of that? I have known' . some men whose vertebrm, shin, eye,' and funny bones were English all round inside and not worth theirsaIt as legislators,. He save also if we tell him to go he. will goost. alright, R. D., get as soon as possible; the sooner the better, for the' material welfare of Fitzroy. More especially as we have some loca .men infinitely better qualified , than yourself for the position ; men whose opinions would command. respect in ..the.. House ;men whose ability would give them . both power and inflence in obta iing for Fitzroy her fair and rightful share of bfnde she contributes to the.State. . 