COUNTRY CORRESPONDENCE, GOULBURN. (from our correspondent.) With all the solemn ceremony prescribed by the ritual, the Synod of this diocese opened at the Cathedral on Wed nesday, the 8th instant, every priest of the diocese (thirty in all) being present in the sanctuary ; and the Mass of. the Holy Ghost was sung by the Bishop, the attendant' priests being: — Assistant priest, Very Rev. P. 'Dunne, V.G. ; deacons at the throne, Very Rev. J. Dunne, V.F., and Rev. T. D. Walsh ; the deacon and sub-deacon of tho Mass being Revs. M. Phelau and P. J. Donovan, respectively. ; After Mass, find the Litanv of the Saints bavins? Iirrii hiitio-. thn' solemn profession of faith, including the Nicene creed and the various other articles contained in the ritual, being read aloud by Rev. John Dunne, V.F., thefpriests [advanced two by two to the platform, of the altar where the Bishop was seated, surrounded by the assisting clergy in the vestments peculiar to their different functions, and there On the; open gospel took their oath in the profession of faith. At the conclusion of these ceremonies, the Rev. John Gallagher, President St. Patrick's College, preacheda sermon explain ing the origin, necessity, and advantages of councils in the ?Church, in language as eloquent as instructive, but as this splendid, sermon has been reported in full by the local press there is no necessity for a longer critique from me. ' : The Synod commenced its sittings at the collegb at eleven o'clock and continued that day and the following. I: have heard several priests express their pleasure and satisfaction at the wonderful amount of practical work done during those two days. Besides many important matters of a diocesan nature, an expression of opinionhas been obtained on 29 points likely to be discussed at the national council in Sydney. Father Gallagher has been elected to represent the priests of the diocese at the council, and has, after the Synod confided to him, the opinion of his brother priests on almost every important matter, so that when consulted he will have no hesitation or doubt in telling what is the opinion of the whole diocese. On Thursday evening the retreat commenced, and ended on Tuesday morning, the conductor being Rev. ;John Ryan, S-J. The rev. gentleman commences a retreat also for the Mercy nuns on Friday of this week, to be present at which the Sisters from the various branch, houses have .arrived. On the morning of Tuesday the priests met again, when they gave a noble and generous expression to their confidence in and admiration for their diocesan col lege. Formauy years past the priests contributed forty pounds for one bursary, and from his numerous lay friends Father Gallagher collected forty pounds more for the second. Feeling that it was too hard to ask Father Gal lagher to write to each individual every yenr, and make personal visits to many of his lay friends, witti a generous enthusiasm the priests pledged themselves to contribute more than the whole eighty pounds from themselves. Many of the contributions are to come from a consolidated fund ; many of the priests giving a hundred or two hundred pounds to be invested, the interest of which will go to the bursaries, thus establishing them on the most permanent basis, his Lordship and Father Gallagher heading the list with £200 eaoh, the Bishop promising that he may soon see. his way even to increase this generous donation. With such generous help Father Gallagher hopes, perhaps, to open three bursaries, thus giving in creased stimulus to the primary schools as well as opening splendid chances for lads with brains. It is a well-known fact that the ' priests of this diocese are anything but wealthy, and when we remember the numerous calls on their purses for local wants, schools, buildings, etc.,1 their enthusiastic self-devotion to the cause of education cannot be praised too highly, and poor is the spirit of that Catho lic who cannot be generous in the same cause with such . examples of unselfish generous self-denial in his priests. The Rev. John Fogarty will commence his inspection of the Catholic schools about the eleventh of next month. He will commence in the Albury and continue up till he reaches Goulburn. ? ? 