10UNO MIITJ CHRISTIAH AB303IA- j TIOH. " ANNUAL MEETING. Tb BSnual meeting of tbe Young Men' Ohtii- tian AiiOoietlon wat held in the Proteatant Hell, Cfcttiereagh'ttiMt, la»t evening, preceded by (he Uiual ten, to which n large uumbar of ladiet and Uentlamcn tat down. Tha meeting began shortly afu 7 S0. Mr J. R. Fairfax, oca of tha vice- preiidanti, occupied tba chair, and on (he platform were (be .Molt Ber. tbe Primate, Rari, Dr, Kelyntck, on Dr, Jeflarli j tha Ber a W. Gill, B, WilktBlon, J. W. Ioglie (of Bellarat). J. D, longley, B. Collie, 8. Fox; Meaara H. W. Ham tnofid, H. I. A AUoa, J. M'Oiedie, Geo. Wil liami, end D. Walker. Tbo proceeding wen opened wi(h n bymoi " To the wotk," (allowed by prayer ; nud tbo chairman tben dellireied an lntroduotory addreii, in the eoniM of irbich he icferred to (he leading feotone ot tbo onaaol report, o luminary of whten has already appeared in theaa ooi ansae, He then eelltd upon tba Primate to deliver nn oddreei on ' Tbe YoMgMoa'e Influence." Biahop Babby said he ehould almply espraaa ot the beginning of what be had to my, hit ve j iocere inteieat in the welfare of thl auooletloa, hi tense of the very important work it had dono in the poet, hie warmeat hope that th opining of theirnew and magnlfloant building wtnid be o now era in tha axienaieo of the work of thoaooioty,ood hia hope that wbeatbey entered upoo that building tbey would not be in tbe condition of some mtg niflctnt . (mpiree— rained by nnoble prodiguiity of expeaiditaio. .Applause.) The eubjeet upon whioh he had to apeak to (hem was " young men' it finetea," or, if be might lake the liberty of vary ing (I— young men' function, or mimlon in thi world, end in oddrteiing (hem he would flret reler to a well-known ptmge in the fitat epiatle to St. John, wheie the A pottle wae addreulng three claiaetof the" Ohrittiao commnnity. One of (hee he addrettod a children, another m the father, and the third he deiignated eipecially ae young men i and for each ot these claaaea tbe word ot Gud, apoken tbiough tbe lfpa, bod a ipecial meeiage deep Bsd wirie, which was additaied to all beman kind. In human Ufa, it appeared to him, theie wete three great dementi of infioeooe— tha power of feeling or emotion, tbe power of thought, and the power of practical energy ; and theie three ele ments in working out the diapenaation of the world, were natnrdly alio the meani of that knowledge of God which wna the life eternal. If they releired <to that passage whioh ha had re ferred to, they would find that the Apostle eeeaad ' to apportion there thiee elements of human power to tbe three eloiie he ii specially addreulng. When he apoke of children ha additaied them on tbe gronoa that tbey had known God emphatio- nlly ae tbe Father— known Him that wae, by trnatfalneer of feith and deep emotion of lore, fie reemed to aaeigo to children and the ebildlike character the power -of feeling and emotion, which it ehould alto be remembered, waa one of very great power In etlrring the world. When the Apoetle addreued himself to the father he (poke of thtm tboee who bad known God from the beginning— God tht ie, in hie trinity, in hia elf- extetence, in all thatii enibrined in the greet na mi Jehovah, and all that make him reeily traly God. Ae to the ohildren he ascribed the power of feel- ipg, ro to the fathers he ascribed the power ot thought When be tamed to the young men he dieiinetlw .k'ibed to them the power or fanotion 2 p?.otTo.i ' ll w,it,an 0Dtu, 'oa- young men," he'.e,A- .B?' Md the word of i?q4. 1h" ,nTh'?l nnd ye have overcome the wl. d woold.be men that tbe Apoetle ft peeullatity of young men to be that ot „ by whioh tbey might understand oonotnur.. of vigour, and concentration of duty Upon eomi pedal objeet or purpose in life. No doubt in all tfengtb there most be oeilain vigour of (acuity, whether of mind or body, but that which wae meent btre wai tbe power of concentration upon enbjecte which deferred it. The element of strength w»e (bat which peculiarly , belonged to youth or early manhood. But upon what did that depend f Not npen any.. merely .human tribune or power. The op< etle knew thai our atvength in that respect, oven at tbe beet, would be nut weakness. The trengtb oonaielcd in the Word of God abiding in us, finding its way to. (be oul, and there taking loot, "The. strength :of man mnat be depende:t nyon drawing inapiration from communion wlta God. Ad dun was but a creature of God it fr lowed from tbe nature of the cue. He coc' -j' eland alone,;, but moat be dependent ' -<d%4l guidance of hi Creator. Then ' apoA the on to deicribe the wo»b « lipoetle WcSit etrengtb. He da' " ... m he itlbb by that bfahtr <""" — u'noed toe battle Kit life, and the ' r ,-« iower power in human nature— that of spirit and that of tbe flsih; and the bsttleof "bumenity egalnit that power of evil, which was to one extent tbe mystery of mysteries, but whiah we no doubt permitted to continue to work out tbe purpose of. God. If human life were what it was in (he humanity a God made it, there would bo no battles-life would be all - peace. But si it wae life wae a conflict. There waa undoubtedly a conflict within. It was a time of greet oppoitoni- lite, of lingulirly vivid and powerful temptation. Theie were the experiences of humanity, and tbet battle had . to be fought by all, The function of yonng men was prominently energy of action or work. He did not mean to eay thai the three, element#, of feeling, thought, and ene gy.or of strength, did not interpenetrate each other. The man was worth nothiog who could not both feel and think and wotk. But ee In cntly days the ele ment ot feeling played the more prominent part, nnd ee in mbturer life men beoame ooneeious of the littleness of their nnwnr at»l nf thn necessity 0> thought and earnest eeekix' -fi'Lf wtidom aid troth, so the yor I man wae prominently called upon & wtuk. if aiked what the youug man's wV| he should say emphatically, "wor would not be uedeittood to limit th' " Cbrlttiin aiiocUtioni, He apoke of 11' 10 ?,at no-nlroeton -te-t"at which btlonued to onr own promsion _ . life, ndld?\0"\\\,nt,rSn" . to thu prugrcBS of the world! and that which belonged to as in virtue ctour h,S or hr,,T j- neiongeato w0.'hlinn ' in -«Pt of our cttizooehip « «J' y.willi r' aspect of our mumberahip ol the J buman kind, and in res pect uf our having been (a j„ tjjU Qhurch of OhrLt. S'Siinl of life and tbet wider work which Mi to our homentty moat always co. .aim (bey must exiet in something like , .45 The men wae worth nothing who did £ 8 . throw all bla.energy into tbe deiiy buatoeei of ' Ufe, and yet a man wai worth little who did not jiook beyond that, and leoogniie the higher doty which he owed ee a ohild of God. He some time thought, looking to the hope be bad , of the prcgrt of this community in the future, that, it theie wae one thing which we more than all others required, it was that piiit of making our dally work the vry beat which our capacity would allow. (Applause.) Ha did not mean merely the work that would cam wages— although it had a perfcot right to earo its wage— but ibat higher work of huminity, tha very best that could possibly ba done— not oa the sorfacr, but in ainglentse ot heart and tbe fear of God. Ho was new to Australian society, but when h looked to the future, be saw that. God had . given n abundant material treasures and opportunities— unbounded liberty, the frefdrm of scope, and what we wanted more than anything rite was that spirit of wotk which wis said io be, and ho thought rightly, insimr secicj peculiarly English, and by wbieb EagUnd hie made e singular mark upon tbe hlitory of ihr world, It elould always bo remembered, how ever, that it waa tbe co-operatioo of tho clawea of labour that they 'should strive for. It was e»8) to get into a professional groove and negleot tbe hiphor and wider alms of life, and that higher woik hid ihe effect of broadening, enlarging, aud exa;tlng tbe character. It was upon this har mony of depth and width, and of ooneentratlon with universality of sympathy, that the pro- or' cb of the hnman charaoter most dep-nd. we were emphatically a free community; we weie in very large measure a democratic oom- muniiy, and that being the ciso it was qolte chartbit in this land of ouie more than under tome other constitutions leee would lie upon tboee who governed us, and more upon us woo were governed, and who claimed to take our part in our own Belt-government, ticrvise of that kind waa (ble condition of a commnnity that was growing, under Uod'e providence, ae tbl community wa glowing ; and eoeing how rapid tho growth was at tho present moment, it was clna that npon the yonng men now would reet the burthen of the future when tUoai who Were older now bad paesod away. It war clear that on tbe young men now depended very largely indeed, and upon that enorgy of work \- which he had Bought to aBorlb-j to thorn would de pend vety largely indeed, the fortnuo of oar com munity ln (he futuro. It bad been, as they knew, I a recent experienie (hat the heart of thie c /T1 u>unity had been very deeply etirred by the erad- leg forth of thou who had goar willingly from ihese eborea to serve- oat old conntry in what wn undoubtedly a time ol crlim and ol need. .Qflf be" had been very deeply etirred. and why f Watt had been i the element ; in tnia which had bi told upon the community 1 It was jait that element ol voluntary eelf-sasrifije and trvieci it wm the nw (bat we ought to rise above our own narrow and peculiar interests, end ihould eee what war tbe euhIob of the Bag- lith nee, end endeavonr to leenie our put in It. All (hat was done, both by a community and by ' Individuals, should be service that wm Mrvice of free will. Now what wn tone hers, and gave: nobleness to the work done within the last few weeks— and he wm i peaking of that aspect of it which touehod nothing of tbo controversies that gathered ronnd it— what gave it its deep Interest, was just that which ooght to apply to as in all the varions opportunities and all the various walks and division of human life. What we unques tionably wanted wm laige voluntary, servioe for the whole community, both for the nke of humanity and for the take ot God. In this re- ipeot, he might appeal to them simply 'as men having their part io that great progress of hnmanity whioh tbe world called " civilisation," and whioh Christian called " preparing for tbe Kingdom of God." He might ask them te under stand the doty of Mlf-eaeriflo whlob belonged tu men limply ae man, or he might speak to them as yonng men proud of tbe name of Englishman, looking beck to the noble hiitory od tbe past in which they delighted to elaim their part,and looking fot ward, so fir as we oonld look forward, to tbe great history of the lotufs, in whieh thie com munity oaaxt nicesiarily make ite mirk npon the dispensation of ail homra kind. But thla would not bs the aspect in which he appealed to them that night. He ipoke there in a Christian asso ciation, and, tharefoie, if he appealed for service — foi energy of wotk, not for our own saker, but for tbe sake! of others— be should appeal in the great words whieh called npon ue to bear one another's burthens, and by so doing to fulfil the law of Christ— tbe law of His own earthly life, and that self-denial which He placed on tbe very tbreefaold of Hie Kingdom. In makiog that appeal Bt Paul used a very daring expression, for be said that all those who took part in thai great work of service were not merely fellow- wor ket with hnmanity, but also "fellow- workers together wilh God," Takiog that expression in It very laigcit sens, he wauld ventare tossy that, in that respect, ws were fellow- worker with tho Father, with the Boo, ond with the Holy Qhoat. When we spoke of God the Fa tier we spoke emphatically of.tbe work of ersatioo and of preservation of that .great onlvene in which we held onr plaee— comparatively only a small place, a tprck in the great ocean. In that work of crea tion of that whieh was new. of prsmrration and Bustontation of that which wm old, God had been pleeaed to call for .tha work 4>f hnmanity to originate so far as origination was possible, to soitiin— to maintain and preserve that which htd been origi nated. Both in the creating and the sustaining work of Goo, He wee pleued— within limits, of course, limits cloMly and sharply marked— to call for the co-operation of man, aud to make mac a fellow-worker with God ; and Christian youcf men most remember that they were called to take part in that work of redemption and salvation which waa especially tbe work of Cutisi, Of' couiic there was an aspeot, (bank God, in whieh that work was His and fits alone, and it was our whole glory, our woole confidence, our whole oom- . fort, that it rested upon Him, and tnno isnsa upon 1 us j but in tbe salvation of the world, la spietaing ' the light. of truib, in couqaetiag ths par<srof sin, in teaching humanity to lire superior oven to the last power of death— io that redemptlvo F0 weie called npon to take a part, and in that were follow- workers, not merely with Go'u as signified in tho pasngo tuat he bad' cho®' fsllow-wo.-kers with Ooriat. : Might he go one sto!'' 1 Inspiration maBt in tbe deuptat, the ao,' »C(ed sense balosg to lbs Holy Ghost aud to liim i.l/"» hut tfcera was alii a sense in which everyone o/ nx might minta'cr gt ace— might brip% to bear upon (be equls of cuf fellows the ligh-. bf tTutb,'mige( b!n1)e tu«m by the inspitati ' sh saicht a- - , acalnst--" . . .each them, as 0I r- -4' the fleb, tbe nob er tnitiaot r >artty. Tnls, be belie red, was tbe youug >4mb mission, and be wiihed that bis voice ' Stlgh teach not merely those who heaid him that night, but alio the young men of Sydney, nud especially those who had the privilege and respon sibility of higher education and of higher ioflosoce. He desired emphatically to bring before them tba troth that on them Kited, in a very peenliar sense, ths future of this eommnhity, as a part of ihe commonwealth of nations, and as part of the groat Ohuoh of Ohriet. He would earnestly cill upon them to, while tbey did with nil tbelr might the work of their calling, tIm (might he ve"' to say J) mora than mtny of them w him to do, to rise mora thoeoup1'. height of the daty of work for >' to s 'g % c,r"s Si-.f . ,f ? common hu? timP7 kf4lh# r,l,tof R rate I.t tt. -SAUitJ. onoe more be it so ; bat at any nether fr 4 wc>'> 1st them band tbeouelvet to- that to ' thti ooeray ot work, and tbso he trustsd the r 4 their own nappinesa and tor the booefit of w . amb inanity ths words ot the text — It he might .. jU ii— 'chat be bad taken as tbe motto ot nis Allien that night would be abuodsatly verified. Uiev would find that in them there wm n real strength and power which none could quench aud which none could overcome, they would find that that s'.rength rested not upon tnemaelves or opuu anything that depended npon themselves, bat the Word or God in tbem, transform ng th?m to thi image of God in Christ ; and they would overcjrae tbe powers of evil, the power of tbe outward cir cumstances of life, everything that produced tbe eqoalor and the misery whieh ought not to exist :n a community like this, but too often did exist ,- tbey would have given to them power to overcome the strength of blindness and ignorance, they would be inabled to rise up agamst.tboM sins which were eating cat the strength of this yonag community, and against wblub all Christian— putting tsids, he might almost say, all other cm- liberations— ihould be handed together ; and io those things they would overcame the power of tbe wicked one— tbe spiritual power ot wioke loess manifesting itself in various forms, but, tbaok God, in a hopeless fight against the power of g Jul- nets and tbe power of God. (Applaos;.) . The Rev. Dr, Kelynaek delivered an address oo "Christian woik, aud the qutlifioationi wh cb it require," ! The Rev. J. W. Inolis, of Ballarat, apoke about 'j Yonrg mm' temptations." As a bme-ribbmite be Datnrally began by referring to the great vies of diunkeontss, wbiob he said sometimes led to adultery aud murder, As to the practice ot betting he s>id he did not think be wm spnking evil ot hia own colony when be said that the practice ot betting was finding its way ioto circles where at one time people would bave felt ashamed to ac knowledge it. He deeply regretted that the spirit ot gambling had entered into what should ba one of tbe most iouocent kind of gathering connected with tbe charchas, namaly by tbe introduotou of r.fllti at biz tan. He bad bad to do with tbo building of two oburshe but rhne hid never bten anything io tba sbae of i> fflea connected therewith, and as long as he was a minister and bad any iofiuenoe, there never slould be inch a practice introduced in cooneotion wiib 6uch undertakings In whioh he was con- cernrd, Allowing the vice of gambling to oroep in produced a badinflucnoe on society, itespecially pre.enting very dangerous temptations to the young in cilice. Mr login also referred to the character of same popular literature, pirtioularly (nMaroiog tbe publicatioa In daily newipapirs ot details of oases whioh pandered to tbe lowest las ts of the community. He did not know thai editors or proprietors ot newspapers ware altugrtber <o b'ame for this, for iu thlB, at in other nutters, the demand regulated the supply. Were i> not that thli olau of literature was sought after aud eager It bmght up, they might be quite sore that proprietor of newspaper would never publish it. It was, however, nut ou'y in tbia direction, but alio io light llta<aturo— iu the works of some of our staodard novelists, that in sidious attacks wt-re made upon some of the fm datrentl principles ot tbe Christian Oh'trtb, and clothed in euch a sedaotivo nod aup.reatiy haimk-pR form that all unconscious of tho tact, readers were frequently led to imbibe id, as tbey would scout, It p-csentod in an objtctionable style. He also referred to a ten i.'ency on the part of young men at tho present time to adapt a kind of semi-infidel rutioailisoi. Una being' done apparently utido: the imprcB<iou that it was manly tu hold what wo:e Called bro.td vluaB of Divinu troths, ln this way they wsi: in danger of drifting into atheism, a/ainit which be earnestly warned tbem, The proceedings, which bad been enlivened by the singing of sn anthem by the choir aud a solo by! Mr Andrew Fairfax, then terminated by Dr. Steel pronooqeipg th? benndiotion. 