*' EVENING- DRESS," " MORNING DRUGGING." A Queer Story. Judges on Circuit, newspaper men, and policemen, all occasionally hear queer stories, but the following, coming from a school, not a hundred miles from the precincts of the Education Office, is possibly as queer as some, and queerer than most similar yarns. It must be presumed then, in the establishment in question, there is an enfant terrible, whose habits of attention are not unlike a good many of the sandy creeks of Austialia; — occasionally non- apparent. In the course of the reading lesson one morning, the word '* immortal" cropped up somehow, and the teacher at once called for a definition of the term, and supple mented this by a request to mention some " immortal" names. Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and a good many other evergreen ancients and mediaevals were at once trotted out, but much to the teacher's discom fort ; of mean modern " immortals," nary a syllabub. " Come, now, boys, let me hear of some ' immortal' Englishmen P " said he. A number of " immortal" Englishmen were at once catalogued. " Irishmen ?" said the pedagogue. And forth stepped, out-paced G-rattan, Wellington, O'Connell, and eke Parnell and O'Donovan Rosea. " No**, boys, name a few' immortal' Scotchmen ?" And forward marched the never-dying Scots, Banquo's ghost fashion, in a seemingly unending procession. But everything has an end, and so had this phantas mal "plumed and plaided array," or, at least, it seemed .to have got one j when " Please, Sir," startled the class, and up went the dexter-fist of the above mentioned enfant terrible, who had just wakened up from one o^-his delightful mischief-making waking visions. " Well, my boy," encouragingly said the Domini. " Please, Sir, God ! " The roar that greeted this statement, brought the head-master in person upon the scene. A native of the Land o' Cakes himself, and quick, believing that if Shakespeare was no Scotchman, he was, at least, clever enough to be one, he was yet more than a little taken aback at this new point in theology. He hastily sent over the way to the Education Office, to the Under Secretary, who is also one of " the nation ;" but, even he, accustomed as he is to lay down the law to all and sundry, was for once hopelessly non-plussed. The matter has been referred to the Minister for Education, and I under stand he is rather inclined to favor the idea. Had the thing happened a year ago, it might have been different; Sam Griffith then held the Education Ports folio, and his experience of Scotchmen, especially of Sir Tammas, is that they are very devils to deal with. But that, possibly took them the wrong way; riding a man, even on a wooden rail, is not exactly the thing t#^6oncili&te; himj, and Sam tried to ride Mac on a steel one/*albeit he didn't succeed. There's a reason , for everything you see, if you can only find it out. 