f The Extravagant Hindu Legend. Of the Hindu legends the most striking feature is their wfldness. Is it a protest against the doll monotony of life in India? Or is life less monotonous tothe native tha to the European ? Lai Bdiari's tales, anyhow, are wilder than the wildest Up rof the ?" Arabian Nights.'? - -A yessg mai« putB pa egg of the toontoonia bird into a cupboard, and out of it oomes a babe that grows into the loveliest #rl the world ever saw. The y mannik stone in some snakes' heads is wort the wealth ol seven kings. In a oertain eky an dephant is king maker, bat the long of , his choice only reigns a day, for out bf the queens month, oomes a threadlike snake', whioh days him in the bridal tohamber. A long-lost son, who had fallen in love with h g mother, and has mounted the cow-house roof that he may break in and cany her off happily hears his life's story from two calve that are quietly discussing him below.' A s, wife going out of doors 'on a dark night acc dentally knocks np against a Sanbchinni, white lady ghost, that sat on a low branch e The revengeful creatare at once took hefc by the throat, thrust her into a hole in the tree and went in, taking her shape so oompletdy d that the mother-in-law, that universal inmate of the Hindu hut, was deceived; The only difference was that, whereas the wife had be weak ana languid, the ghost was briBk and la active. " She haB turned over a neto leaf; s muoh the better," said the mother-in-law, e when the errands and the cooking were'done in next to no time. Bat one day the old woman caught sight of the ghost fetching something from the next room ghost fashion by stretching out along arm—for ghosts can stretch their limbs a great way, though not as far as Bakshasis can. She said nothing, but told her son, and they watched, and <be fore long they saw the kitohen hearth' ablaze though they knew there was no firein the ng house. Looking through a chink they saw that the wife had thrust her foet into the e oven, and that it was burning like a bit of i wood. " She's a ghost," they whispered, as they went for the ojha, who tested her by burning tumerio under her nose. She prove her ghostship by soreaming, and was then beaten with dippers till sho confessed and showed where the real wife was, and was again beaten till die promised never to do th family any further harm.—AU the Year s. ROUTU^ ups A sacred harden is this life ye bear : Look on it, lift it, bear it solemnly, a Stand up and walk beneath it steadfastly. Fail not for sorrow, falter not for sin, But onward, npward, tillthe goal ye win. 