CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY- SCHOOL UNION. ANNUAL MEETING. The mutual meeting of tho Now South Wales Congregational .Sunday-School 'Union was held yesterday evening in tho i'itl- street Congregational Church, under tho chairmanship of the president, tlio Rov, W. Mathison, H.A. There was a fairly largo attendance, which included u number of the minister and delegate of the Congrega tional Union. .Selections of sacred music by a combined choir were rendered during Hie even ing. Mr. II. C. Kent, iM.A., was the organist aud Mr. W. F. B. Mote the conductor. A eollee- liouUvus made iu aid of the fund of'the union. The C11.WK.M an, iu the coure of a few intro ductory remarks, Gnid that any meeting that hud for its object the instruction or welfare of children was ever an interesting one, aud it was impossible lo over-estimate the benefit that re sulted from such meeting. Manifold were tlio blessing conferred on us in life through children. There was music in their laughter, a heaven iu their eve to whomsoever could hear rightly aud look rightly. ' And those who lu any wav were engaged iu teaching the young were, he was sure, receiving far better lesson than they ever gave, and were deriving far greater lmp- pinosj than they could ever bestow. ANNUAL KKIMHT ANI> BALANOR-SllKBT. Mr. C. H.Slatyrr read the aimuul report, the content of which were based on those of a pre liminary report recently road before tlio Con gregational Union, ami already published. Tito following are unpublished extracts from the report: — The flower used nt the flower service last year were collected after tho service ami forwarded to the several hospitals and other iualUutiuus iu Sydney and the suburb. .Mis Cunningham, a teacher iu tho Croydon school, had been called away from the scene of aelive service, und "the commit tee addressed a letter of sympathy to the school thus deprived of an esteemed worker. Tho quarterly reunions had been we!! attended, and the subject chosen for conference had evoked animated discussions. The subject in cluded "Temperance work among the young " What is the best method ul bringing tho schools into a closer connection witli tlio church," and " How can .Sunday -schools bu made more attractive. " The committee hoped .thai a still greater interest would bu manifested in those meetings. During the past year tho visitor, Mr. Miller, had been actively engaged ; and owing to the death of Mr. Salicr it hccamo necessary to appoint another visitor and Mr. Jus. Robertson had bscu elected. The book committee came to the following decision in ' regard to the disposal of the fund which had been eollueied, " That permission bo obtained from the. donor.) to tlio fund to. purchase book to tho value of £50, such book to bo nsed< a might be deemed desirable." The hospital collection tin your had realised lupro than on any previous occasion, and reached tlio. large sum of £!ff 5s., of which sum £52 Ib's. had been given to the Children' Hospital, (Hebe; and Mr. Charles li. Siatyerhad been nominated a life governor of the Children's Hospital. Thero were now 2'J. schools in con nection with the union, containing <12113 fjchoSar und 31)7 teachers. A new school had been opened during the year at Gomngoug. Mr. O. E. WiiD'.Nbii roqd .the financial state ment, which showed that the receipt for the year amounted to £313 IBs. fid., and the cash deposited in the S. and S. Building Society, and the cash in hand, amounted lo £75 11. 1 Id. Mr. T. Pratt, in moving the adoption of the report ami balance-sheet, reformed favorably to the large amount subscribed to the ho-pitufs in Sydney, the sum raised last year being nearly £I0U, a sum which was almost doubled by the Government subsidy. He regretted the lack of teacher in the Sunday schools, nndurgoTl tho.se ' who could to come forwurd.und render assistance iu that direction. The committee were desirous that the parents of the children would- occa sionally visit the school during tho Sunday afternoon service. Their presence would in crease the interest in the work, and would he altogether beneficial. (Applause.) Mr. CtRAY aoconUcdtlie resolution, which was carried. A PRESENTATION. The CllAIiptAN said it was now his duty on .behalf of the committee y(tho Union to make a presentation to the lute secretary of the Union, Mr. R. T. Orr, who, by hi energy nud courtesy during hi tenure of oflic?, had been instrumental in making the Union a success. Mr. Mathison Iheii presented' to 'Mr. Orr a handsome clock, suitably inscribed, and the gift wa ackuou lodged by the recipient. Dll. JEFFKUIS' ADIlHKS-S. The Rev. Dr. Jkiteuis then addressed the meeting. He said : — The committee of the Sunday-School Union' requested me to .address von to-night. They did not, how ever, assign me any "special subject. Of course I must speak, to you as to a company of teachers engaged in giving religious instruc tion to our youth. Ho fur at least J. am re stricted iu my choice. If can. say something that shall give you any clearer view of the duty you have undertaken, and that may thus help you to do that duty better, tho "committees' wish and my own will bu fulfilled. Now, J. want you to look with me at education a a whole, sotliat wc may see the difl'erent part of it and tlio relation they have to one another. Wc are all agreed that children must not be left to grow up without som » sort of training. EDUCATION NECESSARY TO LIFE. Especially, I think, during the last half-cen tury, Englishmen throughout the Empire have awakened to the conviction that education is really necessary to life, that it i altogether contrary to the Divine idea aiul to the thought of the wisest among men that any among us should begin their individual and responsible career without being prepared for the duties which belong to life. We need to have that thought very firmly fixed in our mind. The character of the commonwealth depend on the character of the citizen. Citizen are wise or unwise, virtuous or vicious, religion or irreligious, according to tho trainingthrough which they pas in their youth. I. do not, of course, mean that education is everything, and that there i no freedom for good or'ill iu oppo sition to it when maturity is reached. But you will, L tun sure, agree with me that,allowiug"for all exception, we are what wo are as a whole according to tho training of our early year. If we could only succeed in getting" ail our youth trained in the be-t way, a generation or two would produce a people a! way,; acting at the behest of wisdom ami virtue and religion. There are three power entrusted by Nature— i.e., by God— with responsibilities hi regard to education — education iu the broadest sense, the parent, the State, the church. It willi be no unwise use of our time, and it will bear very directly ou tlio work of the Sunday-school, if we try to look at these three power iu action— parental. Governmental, religious. The several responsibilities aud the 'mutual relation admit of much difference of opinion, and I. do not hope to set forth a confessedly difficult subject very clearly, but if we are set thinking about it 0 her thoughts will come beyond any that L shall express, PARENTAL BOWER. We will, first of all, look at the parental power, the most sacred and the mostinflnential of all. Children are born a the result of the sacred union of man aud woman. The husband and wife become father aud mother. The relation ship is tender and endearing. Love forge a bond of mighty power between the parent ami child. With this there stand connected a great aud solemn responsibility. " These words." said Jehovah to the parentage of ancient Israel," These word that I command thee tin day shall be upon thiue heart; and thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest iu thine house and when thou walkeit by the wav." We do not need Revelation to "lell us that parents arc bound to teach and train their chil dren. The iusiiucls and necessities of family life alike enjoin it. But we do need lo in sist upon it with all the .sanctions of nature ami religion. We are required to proclaim witli trumpet to argue that children are given to parents in order that they might be taught and trained for a useful ami a godly life. The longer 1 live the more 1 am persuaded that (Jo IV chief vice-regent upon the earth is not Urn monarch or the priest, hut the father, and that society can he reconstructed, regenerated, onlv by purifying and strengthening the home. That ancient lawgiver wa wiser than many of the moderns, who, on being ndvi.-ed to esta blish a popular government in Lace- demon, replied "Go and first make trial of it iu thine own family. M Jlu recognised the fact that the true Stale is hut au expansion of the family, and thai so-called political prin ciple must have their had and even their counterpart m the home. The authority of the parent continue throughout the time' of im maturity iu the life of the child, tho period of non-age. During tin period the father and mother uro bound lo use their best influence to bring their children into obedience to all recog nised law — human aud Divine law of the family, law of the State, law of nature, law of religion. Ther sire bound to instruct their children in the knowledge requisite for this and to train them in habit of obedience. What is wanted above moR thing iu practical dealing with this question of education i to charge home upon parent their duty and respon sibility. The chief training 'must ever be carried on iu the family. Whatever tends to weaken the influence of family life or to lessen tho authority of the parent must be denounced as an interference with the Divine order in society. You mint all feel, sis I do, that in our day the sanctions of the homo are not wba they ought to be, not perhaps what they used to be. Parent do not feel the full strength of their obligation. Children do not understand the saeredness of their duty. How many Chrisliau homes are there in winch the duties of citizenship ami the duties of religion are taught by the parent? Uueonseioii influence is, of course, eouiiuually being exerted. By the power of example children arc always being trained. If it were no for these indirect moan of instruction, iu many a family there would be hardly any at all. It is not too much to say that parental education i for the most part Rhamefully neglected. Very much of this neglect i owing to tho intrusion of other power. Tho Htate and the church are distinctly chargeable with bringing about, a relaxation of parental authority. Both of them, with right intention and eomuicnchiblo zeal, havo endeavored to correct abuse in the com monwealth by interposing (heir own services. But .i'1 doinjf this they have wrought great harm by furnishing parent with a plea for tho neglect of duty, "If the schoolmaster teaches everything about life and the religious teacher everything about God, why need 1' trouble mv- K«lf about either?" And so the parent shift oil: their higher responsibilities, contenting them selves with making provision for family needs, aud keeping the homo a a living-place and i\ playground for their children. 1 hold that one of the chief aims both of legislation and of religious teaching ought tu bo to bring hack the parent to the discharge of those primary duties appointed by God. KTATK EDFBATtON, But even witli the largest, view of parental duties in matters of education, there is room for the action of the State. Fiutureh tell us that the parents of Sparta were not permitted to educate their children as they pleased. A soon as they were seven years ofd they wore enrolled in companies, where they were kept under order and discipline and had their exei'dce and recreation iu common. Their training wa carried on bo a to make them subject to comtuaiul and inured to labor. They slept in companies, on bed made of the tup of reeds, which they gathered with their own hand. Li winter tlicy were permitted to add a little thistle-dowu for warmth. One of the best ami ablest men of the citr wa ap pointed inspector of the youth, and we are told that there wa neither time nor place where persons woro wanting to instruct and chastisu them. They were accustomed from their child hood lo judge of the virtue, to enter into the ail'airs of their countrymen. U one of them wa asked—" Who i a good citizen, or who i an in famous one," and hesitated in his answer, he wa considered a hoy of slow pail, and of a soul that would not aspire to honor. The answer was to have a reason assigned for it. "They were taught, to curb the intemperance of words hv long Hiloncc, and when questioned, by .short ami petty answers. No doubt Sparta erred l»y ex ecs of State training, but now good some of her regulation would' bo if applied to those of our city youth who are altogether bevond their parents' control ! What-a blessing it would lie to the city and to a largo section of the la<l of tho city if Mr. Dalley, e.g., were to consent lo become Inspeetor-Olenonil and train these lsul by Spartan fare aud Spartan discipline to become soldier in tho future staudiug army qbout which he eo eloquently discourse. But let ur look at the real function of tho State in matters of educatiou. I will not trust myself to elaborate a theorv. I onlv ask you io con cede certain principle which arc. well nigh universally admitted. Instead of theory look at the actual condition of English social life and sec where the State should come forward in her own right for the discharge of ber own specific , duty, and where she may well come forward, to supply what is lacking and uoeossary when, parents or religion teacher fail in doing their duty. Among the admitted duties of the State a they are interpreted in tho light of modern political philosophy is that of founding a system of uatiuual education, available f.or the. children of all the families of the land. What ever view you take of the range of education it is clear that, without a. national system a largo number would grow up uneducated. Many parents arc poor, many are reckless, many seem absolutely without any sense of responsibility. Some public school system must be itudertuketi if children sire to ho taught the barest rudi ments. If you take a higher viow of what is necessary, the argument will apply to a much larger number." The definition of education given in the Prussian national system ia "the harmonious and cquahlecvohtUon of the human powers by a method based on the nature of tho mind. Every power of the soul must be unfolded, every crude principle of life stirred up and nouritdicd, all one-sidod culture avoided and the impulses on which tho strength nud. worth of men rest, carefully attended to." This definition would make necessary a training that would he physical, intellectual, moral, religions, with, perhaps, that which is getting, more and more into favor, the training w.e call technical, and which consists in preparing children ami youths for the. actual parts they. should, play in life. If an cducat.i(»n like tliip_i a necessity then the State is hound to cotno to the holp of parents, and by it resource call into existence a national system which would supply, to the. children of tho poor and the not-ridi what otherwise they would never get. Beside this function of the State, which we may regard as normal and necessary, there is another resulting from what I conceive to be a right view of the obligation of Government. All children that are orphaned or deserted, or left unloaded through death or crime or sickness, and who are. not otherwise cared for by genuine private charity, must he dealt with a the chiluhm of ' tlio State. Here the State become for all practical purpose the parent, aud is hound to feed ami clothe aud edu cate them Up to a very recent period this was done by the medium of great institutions. Let me quote remarks recently made by me on this subject at a Sunday evening lecture ; — u Our Government, aided by philanthropists, have boon st riving to discharge this duty. in a way that sot at defiance the divine order in society." Ignor ing the necessity of family life for these waifs and stray wo have gathered them by hundreds in siugle building at Ramiwick. I'arramatta and oteewheie. Deprived of the influence which spring from the life of relative and friends, it ha been impossible to train tlieqi for common duties. Children want homes, not institution, fathers and mother to live with yet more than master to teach. It is very marvellous to mo how the be lief iu the family system a against the institu tion system has, during the last five years, sprang into full maturity. Wo have resolved to abandon the barrack method in dealing with young life. Five year ago Kandwick had nearlv 70U children." It will have only 100 at the cloac of tlio year. The Frotcstant and Ca tholic Orphanage were nearly full. ' They arc now nearly empty. The children of the Htato are, for the must' part,' living in homes like other children, or in cottage home miuie a like to other homes a possible." Who will not commend in thi the action of the State ? If it began like an honest, but blundering father, it is now acting like a true and experienced mother, or rather, I should say, like father and mother both. Thi prob'lem of State education is, a you know, greatly complicated by the religious question. I do not want to enter into this beyond what is 'necessary for showing you the relatiou iu which you stand as teacher of religion to the commonwealth at large. The Statu in New South Wales has pro vided that iu the public schools the children of all citizens shall have facility and oppor tunity for iimirudion in religion, and that the State teacher within somewhat rigidly guarded limit, .should impart a knowledge of the main facts and principle of Christianity. It is when we consider the Untie and responsi bilities of the church in the matter of education that we co where and how our services are re quired. I say " tiiu church," because I believe in one enLhoiic church wider aud more compre hensive than any existing soetiou of it. This church, representing the Lord Christ on tlio earth, comes forward to .supply what is lacking on the part of the parent and the State. It does not say to the parent — " Give upyourehild to me, I alone am responsible for teaching the sacred truth of religion." It doe nut sav to tho State — " You have nothing to do with reli gion, or if you have,- it i to act simply at my behest." This may do for Spain, but not for England, not for Australia. It say to the parent — "Let me help you." Ft- sav to tho State — "Give me facilities fordoing my work in ati organised way, u that I may enter the Bi'hool of the nation and teach rligion as one of the necessary subjects of learning." It says to itself — "I will gather resources, and erect building and Guminon teacher. On Sunday chiefly, but on other dav too, as opportunity may offer, I will collect the children and instruct tiiem in those divine truths which make for righteousness ami are necessary for salvation." Now, we who arc here in answer to this summon arc to regard ourselves as servant of the Church of Christ for tho discharge of this dutv. We ought to he con scious of tho .Master's call. We ought to bo prepared to work in brotherly concert with those who arc joined with it iu tho same seiviee. Wo ought to endeavor by wise methods, now ami old, to ue every opportunity alVordcd us by ihorftatc. We ought to aim at securing the help of the parents as tlio chief factor, after all, in influencing the life of tho child. It K I, I i i I f J l\S I NJ?T it FCTl ON. T. cannot forecast the future action of the churches in regard to the religion instruc tion to be imparted in State schools. The Roman Catholic clergy will have nothing to do with educatiou unless they have complete con trol of tho children. Episcopalians, Wcsleyans and l'rcshy torians have agreed to take common action for the imparting of sectional teaching. We have advocated a method of unscetarmn instruction without avail. The dilfiouity i doubtless great. In England Mr. Gladstone is puzzled by it, as you may see by his Midlothian manifesto. But leaving this, and with it any considctationjof what the groat body of Sunday- school teachers may have hereafter to do wiih it, I will now ak you to look with me at some features of our special work. Last vear Mr. Mundella, vice-president of the Council of Education, who was at the same time president of the Sunday-school Union, de livered a remarkable address, iu which he showed that the expansion of religious teach ing in England had kept pacj with the increase of secular teaching, and that c.ieh had helped the other. On the roll of elementary schools thero were about -l.oOUJJUO children, while the number attending' Hnnday-schools was about 5,200,01)0 children, taught "by (JdBJJOO teachers. I do not know what the statistics for Australia would be, but the proportion would bo probablv about the same. We need not fear of the education which has been called godless having any injurious effect on religion. But we must not forget that to secular Distinction there has been brought the foremost eulturo of the nation, with all the appliances that tho national treasury can furnish. Jf religious instruction ia to hold its own in the future it must bo bv remodelling the Sunday-school system. Wo ought to have in connection with every Sunday -schuul union, classes for training teachers. Gradually it ought to become the rule for teachers to pass examination and win certificates of competency. All Bible classes especially ought to have such trained touchers. This would of course mean the in troduction of better methods of toaching, tho building of separate classroom ami the use of maps, blackboards and other apparatus. Wrc want too, and we must have, the devotion of the highest faculty to this great service. WMicn tho church hear the call of the Master, thero will ho respoti.se from cvorv eiass of the com munity. Men und women of the highest education, those who by talent or wealth exert great influence in secular life, a well :m thoso who have won their experience in humbler spheres, will devob themselvo to the religion instruction of children. I trust there will come a time wheu every vacant post in tho Sunday school will have many candidates, from amoug whom the superintendent will be able to choose the most worthy. But this we shall never got until the church of Christ, bap tised afresh by tho spirit of God, has learnt to recognise her sacred mission. The teachers wc want are men and women filled with the Holy Ghost, joyously conscious that thev have been summoned for service, and humbly con scious that thoy havo been clothed with power. If there i a call to the pulpit, thero is a call to tlio claf. If the minister of reltgiou may look to God for special assistance because hi life- work lias special relations to God, go may the »Suuda.y-<ohool teacher. I charge it upon your conscience, fellow-workers with me in this divine service, that you make full proof of your calling. We cannot lie true disciples of the Hon ot .Man unless we ho humble, self- denying, devoted. We cannot expect to succeed unless we oiler freely to tho Lord every faculty wo possess, aud tho sacred passion of love, with out which genius itself will fail. All 1 tell mo, Lord, that Tlum hast eliuscu mo ! Thou who hast kindled my intense desire, Fulfil the wish Thine iittluem-e did inspire And lut me my elect ion know! ' m>' ;m,,n,u,iis bids me comu up higher. Well pleased I shall from life retire And join the burning hosts, beheld at distance now (Applause.) vmuw. ELECTION OF OFFICERS, The following were, on the motion of Mr E , ?aJch£,U' scuo,ull >y Mr. S. IF. Lowis.' elected officers for the ensuing Year: — Provi dent, Rev, W. B, Muthison, B.A. ; vice-presi dents, Messra. S. ir. Smith and J. Pomerov - secretaries, Messrs. 0. H. Slatyer and T. Pratt! treasurer, Mr, )\ lgzell ; committee, Messrs. Orr \\\ ills, Crnima, Mote and Firth. VOTE OF THANKS. Vote of thanks to Dr. Jeffori for his address to Mr. Lent nud to the choir brought the pro-' cccdiugs to a close. r 