ECHOES OF MELBOUKNE (By The Ghost.) The legislative business of tho country can hardly be said to have begun aus piciously,- The1 members of the Opposition appear determined to mak6 up in ' domon strativeness for their want of numerical strength, and availed themselves of the first opportunity to make themselves disa greeable to the. Government. For tho first tim'e -in the onnalB of the Assembly, the galleries were cleared during the debate on the address in reply to tho gubernatorial speech, and some portion of tho Parlia mentary — or unparliamentary— eloquence incidental to such occasions has therefore been, lost to 'posterity. As, however, no amendment has been, or is likely to be, moved, tho: anti-Ministerial demonstration, headed by Colonel Smith, is shorn of all interest, ? for it is felt that the result . of all these ' words, words, words ' will bo ?simply nothing. ' Mr. Gauhson may ' orate, Mr.'M'Intyre and 'the party of combat' interject and rave, and Mr. Mackay (whoso name should have been 'Macaw') charm the! House by the dulcet tonea of his melodious voice, but all will be in vain. The Government ? 'will pass unscathod through the session, and the Ministry, un like thatof Italy, of Spain, of South Aus tralia, and England, not be found among the Governments that have had to resign office during the present year of grace. Mr. Service will continue to display his suavity, Mr. Tinker his gravity, Mr., ; Langridge his ample waistcoat, : Mr. Levien his portliness ' and selfimpor tanee/ivnd Mr. Borry continue to 'smile, and1 smile and be ' a Minist&r;, secure in the, thought that Tvhen Christmas-tide brings round the recess, they will still be ? the occupants of the comfortable offices they now fill/ and able to steer the con stituencies during the electoral campaign of Pebruary, 1886. ' The impulsive warrior ' from Ballarat WeBt, tho ill-behaved young ' native ' from South Melbourne,, the 'senior' member for Sandhurst, and the 'canny' member for Maldon, if they learned nothing else, as the outcome of the, week's Parliamentary doings, must cer tainly have discovered that their'time is not yet, ' and that'1 thbir tactics are as un suitable to the actual period of political piping peace as. would bo the appearance of- a stormy petrel during a tropical calm. Apparently the Government printer and the officials of tho Assembly are about to have a, lively time of it, for 58 notices of questions and motions were tabled on the: first night of meeting. Those relate to all' sortsV of imaginable and . unimaginable matters, the sublime and the ridiculous'; equally sharing, the honours. Among, the old hobbies trottedout will be .found Mr.. Wrixon's for- a Parliamentary committee of; accounts, , Mr. , Eichardson's . bill for establishing , councils of conciliation— :by. the way ithe , honourable member is any-, thing, ;but conciliatory f himself— and1 Mr.; Harper's , for., dealing with ..the low.-lying. laiids of the, Harbour Trust., In regard to this question it is regrettable that everyi thing low-lying, in. and out of. Parliament, cannot be forthwith. dealt with. , :: . :, .?)' For, the sake of. the. colony lit is to-be hoped1 our New South. Wales neighbours .hold Sir- George 'Verdon : in higher .estima tion than does Mr. Gaunson; and. : ydll not be' as shocked as the erratio and abusive member for Emerald Hill' affected to be at. th!e selection of 'a bank official' to repre'- : sent Victoria at the reception to be accorded; in Sydney, to the. returned heroes of the Soudan. , The loquaoious youug gentleman who gives . a loose rein to .his ;tonguein' Parliament opines that Colonel Sarg'ood would have' been a more suitable represen tative. , While objecting, to 'money. bags,' he seesno objection to 'soft goods.' . Of the two gentlemen Sir Geo. Yerdon.is in finitely the, , more dignified, and besides, has he not to his .patronymic the 'handle' Boniueh coveted by AuBtvalasian statesmen of every degree from Dr. Hearn down to Dr;L.L. Smith? ? .,..,,;-. ,. ,?,„?;;?? '?Either iObliyious'1 or regardless;, of i the diotum affirming the desirableness'; of letting .sleeping dogs lie, Mr. Bichardson has ! placed , on the notice . paper : of , the Legislative Assembly a motion, which will, have ,the effect of raking:,up the Pish. Creek selection, business. .. ;A far wiser course would have been to allow ; the ? matter :to drop, now that, his two sons have secured their . 320 acres apiece. . r.But perhaps the honourable gentleman -desires by taking; action, in the matter himself to secure a kind of monopoly of the question, and prevent ? others from stirring up the mud. . Ere this instances have' been re-, corded ,of pickpockets being the most enthusiastic in crying out, ' Stop, thief.' ? The Rev. Mr. Dowie- has hardly had time to rejoice over the victory obtained in the equity suit instituted to recover the possession, of the Tabernacle from which the unbelieving Thompson thrust him forth, .before he has come, to fresh grief. In default of payment of a fine of £20 and jB44s costs, inflicted by tho Pitzrcy Magis trates, in May last, :he has been sent to gaol for seven days; What has become of the two^housand ' sympathisers ' of the Town Hall meeting?;, The. ;r_ev. gentleman will have time during hia;' sojourn las.' tier-; Majesty^s guest,. to -reflect on the yalue:pf i human ' sympathy.' Had the two thousand people ;who met to denounce the by-law forbidding1 street processions 'sympathised ' to the extent of threepence each, their 'beloved pastor ' would not now be within the four walls of a gaol. Evidently Mr. Dowie's congregation are not, only '.opposed to State aid, but toanV aid at. all to religion. . 1 On_' the beat authority ' it is stated that a gentleman who very lately was the plain tiff in a heavy divorce case has become the part proprietor of a certain weekly news paper published in Melbourne. For getting rid of one's cash in a ' quiet, easy and accessible manner ' there is perhaps no more certain way than ' running ' a paper. Albert Smith was -wont to descant upon' the various things which Englishmen were apparently all desirous of possessing thingB they should keep, and things they shouldn't, with a view to ruining them selves. In his list he never dreamt of in cluding a weekly newspaper. Yet to some persons in this colony it has been and ia at the present time being proved . that' a few thousands are easily muddled away' through the means of 'the poor printer.' A. very short experience is likely to shoW the gentleman alluded to that it 'is easier to get rid of ono's,money than it is of one's wife. ..'.'??.???'. J-iieroiB nothing very testhetic, about a ' telegraph pole It is for this reason per hapa that tho Postmaster-General intenda to render them useful, as they are by no means ornamental. They are to be let for advertising to all and sundry who desire to ' avail themselves of-this novel method of ' attaining publicity.; , If th0 , experiment - should prove a success we may expect further developments in the advertising hne. The facade of the Houses of Parlia ment— when they, have one— might, for instance,, be made a thing of beauty ? by intimations stating which of the morning metropolitan journals is 'the best penny paper,' which, by tho , way, considering there are only two, is a somewhat' un p-ammatical way of putting it.Comp'arisona, ' ; it is well known, are odious, but why should comparatives bo .ranked in the same category ? ' . ? ' , ? «,Th£ '^^ ahead' of 'tii? Government, in' : ' ' ; ine shape of the local option question, bids iair to bo safely negotiated. The lines u??°twl5?.Mhe . question is to be 'dealt - ???^i P?i,MlniBt?t:8 We Practical and equit- ' ? able. , The scheme is. the emanation' of the . '' bram ©f the Minister of Mines',- the ' youngest, member. .Ipf/'tlie Government./ ' Iho principle pflocal option .is to be car- ?' «ed out.by allowing the people of any dis- ? , toot to close whatever houses they may lesire, up to a statutory number, to be txed by the act in each disteiot, cpmpensa- ?'?'., tion being ,awarded to the owners or occu- ?' , piers of the closed houses out of the sums ?'. receivable, as license, fee3, the compensation .'?''. to be based on the, income of the house. ? This i^ an equitable, way of ..dealing^-withj. the question, and should assuredly satisfy everyone desirous of dealing but fair play to the publican, whom no oneimbued with . an ordinarvjamount of common sense, is, de sirous of ,',' improving out'pf existence.' , , . . June;.25. '., i ,'.;'.,,-. .-,' '? . '. '., \'r-'--.- .'.{'. '. 