LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WED2JESDAT, DeCEMBEE 2. The SrEAKES took the chair at 4.30 p.m. QUESTIONS. Sir PATRICK JENNINGS, in answer to Mr. Abigail, stated that he found that the papers in the case of Sergeant Behan, late of the Permanent Force, could not be produced until General Richardson re turns to Sydney m January, as some of them are in his possession under lock and key. In answer to Mr. S. Smith, who asked for Mr. T. E. Smith, Mr. LYNE said that there are still thirty miles of the roughest part of the Colo River to be traversed before any through traverse will be com pleted between Rylstone and Emu Plains. It is not likely that this will be finished under six months. The grades cannot be determined until the completion of the survey, and the distance between Emu Plains and Rylstone will probably be between 110 and 120 miles. Mr. LYNE, in answer to Mr. Roberts, Btated that the vendor, Mr. Henry Gore, was requested by the Postmaster- General, on September 19 hist, to forward the title deeds of tho land required for the erection of a post-office at Tinonee, and as soon as the conveyance shall have been com pleted tenders will be invited. In reply to Mr. Roberts, Mr. LYNE Eaid that a section had been reserved for the erection of & bridge over the Upper Laadsdowne River, but the amount voted must lapse, as tenders cannot be invited be fore the end of the year. In answer to Mr. Roberts (who asked for Mr. Hugh Taylor), Mr. SEE stated that the number of applications for employment recorded in the Postal and Money Order branches during the present year had been 514. It had been impossible to procure the information with regard to the Telegraph-office in the short time available. Sir PATRICK JENNINGS, in answer to Mr. Burns, stated that the matter of taking steps for the eradication of the phylloxera from the vine yards in the Camden district, was en gaging the attention of the Government. The director of the Botanical Gardens reports that up to the present time the steps taken in the matter have not gone beyond a careful inquiry by esperts as to the extent of the disease in this colony. The only places where the pest has been discovered are in the neighborhood of Camden, and its ravages embrace about fifteen acres. Mr. LYNE, in reply to Mr. Targett, said that he was not aware of the dangerous condition of the road between the Tale of Clwydd and Es&bank.; The de partment had been ready to execute works any time for the last three years, but has been unable to arrange with landholders and occupiers. He was aware that a man named Gorman was run over and killed by a truck on the private line of the Coal Co. The local officer is now endeavor ing to arrange with the occupiers for the making of this road, the owners having been arranged with. WANT OF CONFIDENCE DEBATE. The debate on the address in reply to the Go vernor's speech, and Sir John Robertson's amend ment thereto, was resumed by Mr. WANT, who said he would have gladly refrained from taking part in the debate but for the unfair tactics of the Opposition. He did not, however, attribute any unfairness to Sir John Robertson or Mr. Garrett, who had met them fairlv. It was. however, not only unfair, but unconstitutional, and unstatesmanlike to make an elaborate attack upon tho conduct and policy of the preceding Ministry the grounds of want of confidence in the present. A reference to Tod's Parliamentary history of tho time Mr. Addinjrton succeeded Mr. Pitt would show. It was there laid down that the Honseshould have waited a reasonable time in order to judge Ministers on tiieir merits. That was what Mr. Want claimed for the present Ministry. As to the personal attacks upon himself, Mr. Abigail, whom he would take first in order of demerit, had ac cused him of being elected by a majority not equal to the number who personated at the G-undagai election. [Mr. Abigail : No.] The information was obtained from a paper against which there was now a verdict of ~700 recorded for gross and wilful libel. Mr. Suttor had said it was reported that he (Mr. Want) was not bound hand and foot to the present Government. What he had said was that he was not bound hand and foot to ihe measures of tho last Government ; but he was pre pared to support them. The case of the Opposition against the Government was unfair, because ihere were only three members of the old Ministry in the present, and only two of them, had been attacked. Sir John Robertson had made a direct charge upon them in reference to them. He made no charge against them in nuance about Sir Saul Samuel, and other things excluded from Sir John Robertson's speech, and consequently BJr. Dibbs only replied to the direct charges of Sir John, who fixed ihe battle cry, and the ground on which the combat should take place. But after Mr. Abbott had finished speaking, and silence and dismay was apparent in the Opposition as they saw their battle cry useles and tiieir flag hauled down. Then a complete acrobatic performance ~as executed, and when only the new ohums of the Ministry were left to answer charges all sorts of accusations were made. Mr. Parkes attacked them on finance, Dr. Wilkinson because & personal friend had not been appointed to the Upper House, JUr. White because the Govern ment had shifted the banking account from the Bank of New South Wales. Sir Henry Parkes made a long list of complaints, abuse, and suffering directed from beginning to end against Mr. Dibbs, when that gentleman's mouth was dosed for an swer. Every other Opposition . member who followed these tactics of indiscriminate attack was most unfair. He (Mr. Want) had a par tic— arTight to complain that this should he called the old Ministry. At the same time not one of them desired to repudiate the acts of the old Ministry, and Mr. Reid was in error if he thought there was. If Mr. John Davies, Mr. Suttor, Sir Henry Parkes, and Mr. George Thornton had been chosen in this Ministry could it still, have been called the old Ministry ? Sir John Robertson and Sir Henry. Parkes had been virtuously indignant over what Mr. Bolton and . Mr. Fitzgerald had said. As to the accusation of Mr. Bolton's eating his words he (Mr. Want) had listened the night before to the barefaced manner in which Mr. Heydon. had eaten his previous words as to the late Government and their Land Bill, whom he had supported through bhick and thin until after the second reading'of the Land Act, It wae complained of the Land Act that it required amendment. The Act of 1861 (Sir John Etobervon's) required amendment twelve times. [Sir Josk _OBEBT£ON: In 20 years.} Mr. Heydon's statement that lie left the Stuart Ministry when he lotted they were doing things in regard to the Land let teat would not bear the iisrht; of day ; would not hold water, for every amendment made in the Land Act after the second reading was in favor of the selector. Mr. Want defended the action of Mr. Dibbs in changing the Government ac count from the Bank of New South Wales, and asked members to believe him, saying that no one could, at present tell whether a loss had ~been sustained by the transaction or not. He also de fended the changing of the rate of interest on the loans from 4to 3i per cent., which had been done on the advice of the ablest financiers in England, and would result ia great advantage in the future. He denied that Mr. Dibbs had treated Sir Saul Samuel improperly, which Mr. Dibbs could have explained had he had an oppor tunity. For himself, he thought that up to a certain point Sir Samuel had been properly treated, and gentlemen in his position should obey their instruc tions. Sir Saul Samuel hadjdeserved_ the treatment he received, and no improper motives had been imputed to him ; but he had allowed the brokers to prevail on him, weakly trusting that they were giving him good advice. He was directed to reply to some improper attacks by the Standard, but replied that, advised by ihe bank and brokers, he had not done so. The papers did cot show that the brokers who advised hip were the bank brokers. On the contrary, it seemed as if these brokers were tho gentlemen who held so much of the previous loan. When the Bank of England had offered to advance .£1,500,000 at 3i per cent., with permission to float the loan at 94, a mistake in the telegram had made the latter figures 84 ; and it was no wonder, therefore, that under the circumstances Mr. Dibbs should have declined the offer made by the bank. Sir Saul Samuel, too, had refused to treat as confidential communications which he had been instructed to treat as such. It had been alleged that the present Govern ment were not ihe right people to amend ihe Land Act. They might as well expect to get pigs from a bramble bush as to get good amendments of the Land Act from Sir John Robertson. Sir Henry Parkes had been absent from the colony when the Land Act was being passed, and useful amendments could not be expected from him. The late Chief Justice and Mr. Darley had said that the Land Act of 1861 should have been burned by the common hangman, so fruitful of litigation was it. Mr. Want at some length criticised the Land Act of 1861, and defended that of 1884. In reference to an accusation by Mr. Heydon, Mr. Want said that every amendment to the Land Act shadowed by Mr. Slattery at Burrowa, and mentioned by Mr. Abbott in the House, had been carefully discussed and de cided on in Cabinet before the meeting of free selectors' members. Sir John Robertson would repeal every portion of the Land Act of 1884. except those which lie could not help leaving untouched. His speeches and his letter when Mr. Harley was con testing the St. Leonards' election Showed this. What then could they expect from Sir John Robertson if the Land Act of 1384 was handed over to him for amendment? In conclusion, Mr. Want accused the Opposition leader of simply striving for the loaves and fishes of office. He warned members not in direct opposition not to be carried away by the false issues which had been raised, but to think of the issues submitted by Sir John Robert son, and on these net to condemn the Ministry without a fair trial. He demanded —embers' votes as a. matter of fair play alone. He demanded for himself and colleagues the opportunity of showing whether they were fit to administer the affairs and promote the progress of this great colony. Mr. O'CONNOR (Mr. Want not being present when Mr. O'Connor beean to speak) commented on the absenne of the Attorney-General : but refrained when Mr. Want took his seat on the Treasury Bench. He regretted, not the presence of Mr. Want in the Assembly, but the tone and character of his speech. If he wanted to make name and charac ter for himself, he would have to dissociate from his present dangerous companions. His speech showed that he felt he was defending men convicted of some orime, but recognised the gravity of the situation in the dignity of his surroundings. Mr. Want had re proved the Opposition because they had g-one beyond Sir John Robertson's indictment of the Government on the Land Act. Mr. Dibbs had previously com plained that Sir John Robertson had confined himself to the Land Act, which he termed a matter of history, and of the amendment of which he gave no indication. What, then, became of Mr. Want's statement that the amendments to the Land Act indicated by Mr. Abbott had been discussed and agreed upon in Cabinet before the meeting of free selectors' members ? Mr. O'Connor maintained that the present was a continuation of the iniquitous Stuart-Farnell Government. He described the con dition of land legislation in New South Wales before 1861, and maintained the great good accomplished by that Act, as well aa the claims of Sir John Robert son to be considered a specialist in land legislation. He condemned the flippancy of Mr. Want in treating of these things, and the un cultured attack of Mr. Abbott on Sir John Robertson. During- the debate nothing had been too mean for Ministers to resort to in order to damage the characters of those who were endeavoring to vindicate the honor of the country. The Land Act of 1884, it had been promised by its authors, would bring into the Treasury between ,£1,500,000 »nd ~2,000,000 a year. Mr. Abbott, a week aso, said they should not look to the lands as a source of revenue. And Mr. Abbott was right; the revenue from the Act wonld not pay the cost or its adminis tration. Mr. O'Connor, at considerable length, con demned thh Land Act of 1884 ; the conduct of the List Government in its passage ; and his own action in reference to it; He animadverted on the treatment of Mr. Farnell by the present Government. He insisted that the late and present Government were~the servants of the squatters. In reference to Mr. Reid's sneers at Sir Henry Parkes's poverty, he reminded that gentleman that he was not content to write about a humble stream, but wrote about the great ocean. Neither gentleman was or would be a poet, nor would their productions be worth 5s a ton. But S'r Henry Parkes, who had been foremost in the public life of the colony, had thrown atray his opportunities. The people at the laat elections had said plainly that Mr. Dibbs should not be Premier, but they hai. equally said that the man who was to be Premier should rise above sect, and should govern for mankind. It was on these points that Mr. Reid should have attacked Sir Henry Parkes. But if Sir John Robertson took office, the country would have confidence in the greatness and lofty justice of his administration. He challenged any man to say that he opposed Government from a desire to obtain office. He would support any Government that were men of integrity and justice. Office should be the reward of ability, and should only be obtained by men for their services and their capa city. He regarded the present Ministry as the continuation of Mr. Stuart's Government ; and this Mr. Reid had proved conclusively. As such he (Mr. O'Connor) opposed this Government. He did this though several of its members were his personal friends, and stood as high as possible in his esteem. But they had allied themselves with the most cor rupt Government that had ever existed in the country. Not twenty of the members returned at the general election had dared to uphold the Government action with regard to Mr. Wright ; and the appoint ment of Mr. Badgery as Minister of Works was worse even than Mr. Wright's ca--e. The people of the country had condemned the Standard paint and the barbed wire business. The iniquities of the Tammany Ring in America were nothing compared to what would have happened under the fostering care of the Stuart-Bibbs Government. He had one clear duty before him, namely, to give his vote to displace the Government. It would be for the House to say who should succeed them. If men came in they did not like they could displace them. La voting to dis place the Ministry his chief 'was Sir John Robertson. And they had some occasion to be proud to see thai gentleman whose sole wealth was his magnifi cent reputation back in the House, and ready, u the Government were displaced, to take office. There were cries of 'Divide.' Mr. LEVIEN thought, in reference to Mr. O'Con nor's speech, that they had heard the same from him for the last seven years. Mr. Levien humor ously and sarcastically criticised the speech previously made in the debate by Mr. Neild, but was called to order, when hedesignatedhim 'the Parliamentary masher from Paddington.' Mr.. Nield had been astonished at the comments made upon him in ihe Daily Telegraph, but had explained it to him (Mr. Levien) by saying that the writer and ho, when boys, bad stolen fruit together, had quarrelled over its division, and had never spoken since. He thought most of the measures which the Government pro posed to introduce would be found satisfactory to the country. In the Insolvency Bill they would have the benefit of the valuable assistance of Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Lloyd. When Mr. Suttor charged the Government; with cowardice he must have seen the ghost of Mulholland. Mr. Suttor had blamed the magisterial appointments of the Ministry; but forgot that his Government had made the barber at Goulbnrn a magistrate. It was humiliating to Sir Henry Parkes to have to play third fiddle in the Opposition orchestra. He derided the sympathy of Sir Henry Parkes for Sir John Robertson. If Sir Henry was a sporting man, he would put off going to the races to attend the funeral of Sir John. Sir Henry Parkes had advised the electors of St. Leonards to put in the devil instead of Mr. Dibbs, and the electors had responded by putting in Old Harry. Mr. Levien gave a history of the caucus meeting of free selectors' members, and defended the honesty of Government supporters as compared with those who supported . the Opposition. Mr. Abbott's recent speech-had converted into his supporters his most bitter opponents at the late election. Ho himself had been returned as a supporter of ihe Land Aet, and would support the present Government, whose con demnation, without giving them an opportunity of bringing down their measures or explaining their Usances, he thought unfair. - - Mr. O'SU—LIVAH was sot there to turn thq Assembly into a school for acandal, but to give a reason for the faith that was is him to serve New ? South Wales and to introduce politics into the House. { He believed in true government of the people by the people and for the people. He did not recognise in the Government people capable of giving them this, and he would vote against them, letting the land question guide him in tho matter. The colony was too rapidly drifting in the direction of Ireland and land mono poly ; and if this was produced under the new law the old law intensified the evil. The Land Act of 1884 gave everything to the squatters, and there was very little bind left now to select upon. Though the present Government had rid themselves of Sir Alex ander Stuart and Mr. Farnell, they were the same Government that passed the Land Act. Whilst giving Mr. Abbott credit for his promised amend ments, he could not, as a free selectors' member, accept them, to vote for Government, as they merely resembled a Barmecide's feast. Outside the hind question he saw no bold and vigorous policy in the Ministry. There was no payment of ' members, the keystone of the democratic arch. There was no pro gress in education. The University was' kept a close preserve for ihe sons of the rich. There was no con sideration, for the agricultural industry. The day would come when protection would be the policy of the country. Nature taught us that New South Wales should be the workshop of the southern world. There were loud cries of ' Divide.' Mr. HAMMOND wished fto give reasons for his vote. He would vote for .ike amendment but for reasons other than that' given by Sir John Robertson, which was the Land Act of 1884. That Act, he thought, was the work of the previous Par liament, and no heritage of the present Ministry. Undoubtedly it required amendment. He did not see that putting out the present Ministry would pre vent ihe Act being properly amended. Whoever took the Government's places would have to subject themselves to the control of Parliament. He looked upon this Government as identical in every respect with that of the past. If it were not so, a Govern ment, after committing all kinds of faults, might prorogue Parliament, reconstruct, and thus disembarrass themselves of all faults. And the present Government, when speaking of the past Ministry always talked of ' what we had done.' The Premier, at Wagga Wagga, said the Ministerial policy was prepared. Now all the bills bore the imprint of Sir Alexander Stuart. The. cry, was raised if Government were defeated who would take their places. The eame cry was raised during the last days of the Parkes-Robertson Government, but when they were beaten there was no difficulty about their successors. He would like to know who was responsible tor the attempted diversion of the IHawara railway. He blamed the late Minister for Works (Mr. Wright) whose action had caused an enormous loss of money. The Governor's address promised the construction of 1750 miles of railway that included the Grafton-Glen Innes railway, which had passed the House by a small majority after the use of extraordinary influence, and it had only passed the Council by the casting vote of the chairman. The lines from Sydney to Bathurst and Sydney to Goulburn only cost what it was proposed to spend on the Graf ton-Glen Innes line. He was strongly opposed to that line, and would turn out all the Governments in New South WaleBSoonerthanhave it constructed. Bat now it was proposed to construct further a line from Dubbo to Coonamble, and from Narrabri to Walgett. He wanted to know what had become of the St. Peters to Liverpool loop line, and why a band of surveyors had been kept sixteen months surveying different lines of railway over a distance of twelve miles. He condemned the dump-car business, about which Mr. Dibbs had broken a promise. He also protested against Hudson Brothers' contract, and the principle of accepting public contracts without competition. Worse, however, was the payment made to Hudson Bros., after Mr. 'Wright had stated that there would be no payment until the work was completed. The Soudan expedition, fortunately did not proceed to a ruinous extent ; but that was no credit to Ministers. He had voted for the cost of the expedition to save the credit cf the colony, but op posed the expedition and promised to support a vote of ce^snre on the Government forit. In accordance with that promise, he would now vote against the Ministry. The thing had ? been done in an autocratio way. He did .not stand there as a party man, but he advocated the principles of good government. He blamed the GoVernment for nearly doubling the indebtedness of the country which had been obtained in a costly manner. There was no security given by the inscription of stock, and no magic influence about it. The loans would have been floated through the Bank of New South Wales at a gain of .£414,252 as contrasted with the cost of floating them through the Bank of England. The change in the rats of interest from 4 to 3i per cent, too caused a loss. He would vote against Government with a clear conscience, not voting for party but for the interests of the country. The Government had done things in the past in an arbi trary manner encouraged by having only a weak Opposition. Mr. LYSAGHT, though he had condemned the Government when elected, had no faith in the Oppo sition, and recognised that the Government were not now those in office when he was elected. He would vote as an independent member on this and on every other question. Taking a constitutional view, he would leave things as they weie, and vote iii favor of the Government. Mr. E. BARTON thought the House had divided itself into two personal parties. The squatters were all, to judge by the Opposition cry, rascals. There were quite as honest and capable men who were squatters as those in Opposition, though they arro gated to themselves all the patriotism and all the virtues. Sir John Robertson's speech in moving his vote of want of confidence, consisted mainly of casti gation of a new member. Mr. Barton supported the Land Act of 1884, which he declined to put Sir John Robertson in a position to amend. That Act was calculated to settle yeomanry on tae land in a way tho Land Act of 1861 was never calculated to do. It was not usual for men cf good business habits to appoint then enemies their esecntors or trustees, and therefore it would not do to put Sir John Robertson to adminis ter the Land Act of 1884. What a mockery would that bo '. Sir Henry Parkes had said that the Land Act of 1884 should be wiped out of the statute book of New South Wales. What an admirable adminis trator of the Act he would make as a colleague of Sir John Robertson! There was no man in whom as an administrator of the Act the country had as much confidence as in Mr. Abbott, and it would be little less than a national evil and a public calamity if anything came to disturb the even tenor of that Aet. For that reason he would vote for the Government. Mr. W. J. Watson evinced a desire to address the House, but yielded to the loud and repeated cries of ' Divide.' The division was then taken amidst considerable excitement, the number being— For the motion of want of confidence 56, against 58. The motion was, therefore, declared lost by 2. The following is the division list : — AYES, 56. Eo'bertson Garvan Moore Burns O'Sullivan Clarke, W. Smith, E. B. Shepherd Teeee 'Wisdom Reawick Vaushn Suttor Jioss Prootor Foster Daviea Holborow Toung Kidd Keiid Garrett Sutherland Meeis Watson De C. Brown Kethel O'Connor Creer Gibbes Heydon Smith, J. F. Eoberts Stephen, H. Inglis lAoyO., G A. Garland Clarke, H. Judd Hawthorne Chanter Tait Hensoa Spring Wilkinson, 'W C Gould Parkes, V. GoiTard Lee Forsyth ' Entith. S } „, Fletcher Abigail Burdeian fTe11^-. Parkes, H. Hammond. _. x NOES, 58. Want Sawers Gormly Dibbs Taylor, H. Thomusoa Jeaaings Bowman Collins Abbott Fitzgerald Bolton Xyne Lloyd, L. Hyam Slattery Coonan Day See Jones Bull Trietefct ' Hungerford Cass Lysaght Ferguson, D. A. Ewing Baker Hogan Barton, E. Quin Humphery Stokes Purves Campbell Beni Batcher Fergusson, W. J. Young, J D Barbour Scott 'VTOlrinson E B. Smith, T. E. Stephen, 8. Williamson Hayes Tarrant Ires Copeland Targett H'Gre«rcr Toohey. OUifie Levien -m „ M'ColIoeh Buike MdviUo i TeJle« CraiuSLci The announcement of the numbers wag received with loud Opposition cheers and waving: of hands and handkerchiefs, and cries of '* Resign.' The adoption of the address in reply was then carried on the voices. The PREMIER then announced amidst cries of 'Resign' that the Lieatenant.Governor would receive tho House for the reception of the address in reply at 4 o'clock next day. On ihe motion of Mr. DIBBS, the House adjourned at 12.48 a.m. until next day. 