THE DUKE AND THE IN- TENTOB. In a ground-fioor room in one of the large public buildings of London a man sat writing at X table covered with papers. He was a short, strongly built figure with a prominent nose, and a face hard and massive as a granite statue, wearing the set look peculiar to men who have surmounted great difficulties and confronted great perils. Few, indeed, had had more practice in both than this man, for he was no other than the Dnkeof Wellington, and his crowning victory at Waterloo was still but a few years old. There was the tinkle of a bell outside, and then a -murmur of voices in the ante-room ; but the Dcke never raised his head from his writing, even when his secretary entered and said : " If it please yonr Grace, that man with the bullet-proof breastplate has called again, and wishes very much to see your Grace for a moment." The Dnke's face darkened,as well it might, for the man in question was the most per tinacious bore whom he had ever encountered. The bullet-proof cuirass was his own inven- tion, and he never lo3t a chance of declaring that the safety of the whole British army depended upon its instant adoption of this " unparalleled discovery," which he carried about with him, and exhibited at all . times \- and in all places. Had this been all, be wonld soon have been disposed of ; but, unluckily he had con trived to interest in his invention one or two of the Duke's personal friends, and to cet from them letters of recommendation which even Wellington could not easily disregard. Something mnst clearly be done, however ; for although the fellow had hitherto been kept at bay, he was evidently determined to give the Duke no peace till the matter had been fully gone into. For a moment Wellington looked so grim that 'the secretary began to hope for the order which he would gladly have obeyed, viz., to kick the inventor into the street forthwith. Bnt the next instant the iron face cleared again, and over it played the very ghost of a smile, like a gleam of winter sun shine on a precipice. " Show him in," said he, briefly. The observant secretary noted both the tone and the smile that accompanied it ; and he inwardly decided that it wonld have been better for that inventor if he had not insisted on seenigthe Duke. In came the great discoverer, a tall, slouch ing, shabby, slightly red-nosed man, with a would-be-jaunty air, which gave way a little, however, before the " Iron Dnke's" penetrat ing glance. " 1 am glad to think that yonr Grace ap preciates the merits of my invention," said he, in a patronising tone. " They are, in deed, too important to be undervalued by any great commander. Yonr Grace cannot fail to remember the havoc made by yonr gallant troops at Waterloo, among the French cuirassiers, whose breastplates were not ballet-proof ; whereas, if — " "Have you got the thing with yon !" in quired Wellington. The inventor unwrapped a very showy- looldng cuirass of polished steel, and was just beginning a long lecture on its merits, when the Dnke cot him short by asking: " Are yon quite sure it is bullet-proof?" " Quite sure, your Grace." " Put it on, then, and go and stand in that corner." The other wonderingly obeyed. " Mr. Temple," shouted Wellington to his secretary, " tell the sentry outside to load with ball- cartridge, and come in here to test this cuirass. Quick now!" But quick though the secretary was, the inventor was quicker still The moment he realised that he had been set np there on purpose to be fired at, and to be shot dead od the spot if bis cuirass turned outtobenot bullet-proof after all, he leaped headlong through the open window with a yell worthy of a Black-foot Indian, and darting like a rocket across the court-yard, vanished throngh the outer gateway ; nor did the Dnke of Wellington from that day forth, ever Bee or hear of him again. 