TO THE EDITOR. Sir—"O.T.s " letter in the Advertiser of this date is a fine illustration of the saying, " that the soul be without knowledge, it is not good." The censor of Methodism should at least acquaint himself respecting the facts upon which he comments. He says, "One hundred years ago John Wesley was ex pelled from the Church of England for follow ing the dictates of his conscience," &c.; This is a startling revelation. Will " C.T." inform those who have hitherto believed that Mr. Wesley never was expelled from the Church of England, upon what mysterious and previously unknown authority this state ment is made ? " C. T." proceeds to state—not directly, but inferentially, and without any reserve—that Mr. Carter was requested to resign because he had " dared to step out of the track of orthodox Methodism in his desire to benefit men." This second statement has not even the shadow of a foundation in truth, as may be understood when it is said that the action of the district meeting had nothing whatever to do with Mr. Carter's belief or preaching or lectures, not even a reference being made to these subjects in the discussion. —I am, &c.;, JOHN WESLEY'S GHOST. Adelaide, October 23, The fifth annual exhibition in connection with the St. John's Sunday-school Art and Floral Society was held on Friday in the schoolroom adjoining the church. There was not a great variety of competition owing to the limited number of exhibitors. Taking this fact into consideration the show was a very fair one. The pot plants and cut flowers were good, as also were the bouquets and designs. There was a quantity of needlework, showing that there was no lack of industry on the part of the girls. The works of art were not so well represented as they might have been. There waB to be seen in thiB class, however, a very beautiful model (not for com petition) of the proposed new church the work of Mr. T. W. Roach, being built cor rectly to scale, of 3,000 separate pieces. The culinary department was as usual very well represented. The judges were Mesdames Farr, Lawrance, Preston, and the Misses Birt, Playford, and Porter. During the even ing there was competition in recitations and pianoforte pieces. The exhibition, which was well attended on Friday, will remain open to day. 