SPARKS ATO SP8AYS. 'Do you know the the prisoner ?' naked tho judge. 'Yes, sir,' replied the' witneeB. 'What sort of a reputation has be V 'Re putatioa ? First cla«B ?' 'What has be ever done V 'Done ? Why j our honour, ? be killed four men in Texas with three shots.' Hk entered the coal office with a small market basket on his arm. 'Give me a load of conl.' 'Yes, sir,' replied the coal merchant 'where shnll I send it?, 'Ob, just put it into this basket ; I'll carry it home myself.' 'But we have a wnegon right here and onn send it up at once.' 'No; I can carry the coal easy enough, but you might send the bill up iu a waggon.' Miss Rossleaf (who is trying to force a conversation): 'What do you suppose, Mr. Van Noo.lio, makes our hostess* receptions so invariably stupid V Mr. Van Noodle : 'Aw, weally, I haven't a ghost of an ideaw.' Miss K. : And all the other gentlemen are very much like you. TeB, that mast be tho reason.' . A youncj married man gazed at his mother in-law's two trunks in the hall, and sadly re marked : She has brought her clothes to a visit ; would that she had brought her visit to a close' Herh Ktea^zhuber is a member of tho secret police.. Being- en Mb way homo after midnight he observes on tho street lamp a placard : ' Ha ! these scronmlrola of Social ists have posted a placard denouncing bis Majesty,' (aid Kreutzhuber to himself. Being determined to destroy the placard he painfully cliinhaup the lamp-post, and having OCUU«Vlt WIG IICUDUUnUlU UUUUlllCilk I!O 1CHUD ? 'Fresh Paint.' An irascible Indian colonel declared at a game of whist, that ho had never held a trump in his life. 'That is imposnible,' remarked a young man, 'you must have held a trump when you dealt.' Sir,' replied the Indian, '1 always misdealt.' ~ A'TOuno Udy,'wh'63'e very bent young man lived over the-way with his pareuts, took a seat by the window one cloudy morning. 'Why do you sit by the window such a chilly morning, Laura ?' asked her mother. 'I'm waitiDg for tho sna to come out, ma,' she replied. The following is said to be a literal trans lation of ft paragraph in a French novel : — ' Casting horaelf between her brother and his intended victim, the fair Inez exclaimed, in a voice that vibrated with agony, Rodoluho. do not kill him. for if vou did he would surely die,' . A new telephone instrument has been invented by which tho crying of a baby may bo heard at the distance of a hundred miles. The adaptability of tha moon as a place of residence will now beoomo a matter of supreme importance, At a musical soiree a lady, after executing an interminable, piano solo, faints dead away. A gcuMeman of great promtitudo, seizes a glass of water and administers a few drops to the lady, who revives, Then, with a com passionate cry, ' Now for the other sufferer,1 ho pours the remainder of the water on the piano, A poor emaciated Irishman, having called in a physician as a forlorn hope, the latter spread a huge mustard plaster and clapped it on the poor fellow's breast. Fat, with a tearful eye, looking down upon it, said, ' Dochter, dcohter, dear, it strikes me that it is a dUe of mustard for so little meat.' 'lohn. what is that peculiar smell ?' The. hour was late, and he had just returned from the lodge. ' That is the inoense vie use in the lodge- room, my dear.1 ' If thats all you go to tho lodge for, I don't see why you can't buy a few bottles of it and keep it in the house in case of sickness.' He merely remarked that he throught she was incensed enough already. A handbill has been put forth at Exeter, headed ; 'Wanted a few healthy members to completo a siok society.' Cars will Kill a cat. The care must be exercised in taking aim. It is extremely difficult however, to hit one in tho dark with a bottle. Car wheels are now rando of paper. Theep are what the boaKiliog house keeper thinks of when she says her cook's piecrust is just like papor. 'Is vottr table linen marked V asked the washerwoman, ' 0, certainly,' replied Mrs. Popinjay. 'We have had blackberry pie right along this week, and Mr. Popinjay has spilled his ooffee twice.' Jones, calling at the house of bis adorodi in Bedford street, met. the 'little brother' at the door. ' Is Miss ? withiu. Charley, ha asked. 'No.' said Charley, 'they're alt out but ino and the slaveys, and I'm just going out ; hut go in nud wait a little.' : He went in and waited — half an hour — three-quarters — an hour— two hours, but there waB no sign of hiB inamorata, or anybody olse ; and ho wai just on the point of ringing up one of the servants for an explanation, when Charley camo in again. 'Is MisB ? likely to be much longer before she returns ?' asked the weary lover of tl|o demure looking youth, 'Very likely replied Charles, as be luado for the door, 'she was suddenly called away with mamma to London this morning and may not lu back for a month.' Tuboai Afkectiqns and Hoarseness, — A suffering from irritation of the throat an 4 hoarsoness willbo agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by tho use o f - ' Brown's Bronchial Troches.' These famous 1 lozenges ' aro now sold by most rospecl able chemists in this country at Is l^i per box. -People troubled with a 'haokin g oough,' a 'slight cold,' or bronohial af fections, cannot trv thorn too soon, nsmimiln r troubles, if allowed to progress, result i n serious Pulmonary and Asthmatio affections. Seo that tho words 'Bro.wn's Bronohial Troohos' are on tho Government Stamd around oanh box. — Proparcd by Johnson, Brown & Sons, Boston, U.S. European depot 33, Farringdon England,. — Advt. A 'Cote Animal.— The chameleon reckons himself a olever little boast because' he'ean ' change his colour, but Hudson's Dyes will change the hue of material. ' Judson's'Artists Bliick gives a ' now drosn suit' to firegrate and fonder. Judeon's gold Paint' turns old picturo frames add cornices into now oheq J.udson is an'Alouomist, and ,'the Chemist a Stationers and storekeepers' are hU agents' —Advt, . T -? 