The Gladstone Almanac. A LIVELY SATIRE. IS IT LIBELLOUS P CLEVEE CUTS AJSTD KEEN THEUSTS. La. 'Sunny New South Wales,' where a writer, before denonnoing soms gross political job, or draw-, ing attention to the utter ineompetenco ' of some highly-paid, . but incapable official, has to consider how he shall apologise and withdraw his statements under the threat of a criminal proseoution, the sight of * suoh u.brochv.re as ' Tfc» CMudstoae Almanac for 1885' is r«fr€shing'. It reminds him that while onr legis lators have been fighting fiercely for place and pay, or fostering' class hatreds, other British communities have found time to modify the Libel Acts which were in force some 40 years ago. 'The Gladstone Almanac ' was published by one of the best known and oldest established firms in the world — Messrs. William Blackwood and Sous, of Edinburgh and London. It has been described by a ? lead ing conservative paper in Australia, 'an illustrated political squib of the most power ful though certainly vulgar and offensive kind. . . . It cruelly 'quotes every statement made by Mr. Gladstone in contradiction of hmitaJf during his whole political career.' The cruelty to one Tnqn may be justified by the interests cf the many. The influence wielded by any one man occu pying the position which Gladstone has filled for so many years ' is difficult to calculate, and for the second time (it is asserted) during his career he has dragged the -name of Britain in the dust by- his vacillating foreign policy. During the Busso-Turkish War, an article ap peared in the Hahsubgbb Eepoem, which gave an account of a show very popular at the tune in Con stantinople. The principal character was a man dressed as a British man-of-war's man, with a huge flaxen wig to represent the lion's mane. He was seated at a table (which was covered with the Union Jack) with a long pipe, a copy of the Times, and a pot of porter. The other characters were typical of Eussia, Germany, America, France, Turkey, &c.; The whole of the performance consisted in the' representatives of these countries threatening to pull John Bull's nose, tread on Ms corns, spit in his face, or otherwise insult him, and the grosser tho insult the more uproarious were the ohaaca *nd laughter of the spectators. When goadad beyond forbearance, John Ball would jump up and threaten and bluster, but he would not fight, aad when he resumed his pipe and hie paper after each, of these Little ebullitions, the eont«mpt of the audience was unmistakably demonstrative. The performance lasted from morning- to night, and the fcouso was crowded. The proprietor was, to us« a theatrical phrase, 'coming money,' and, as the Eefoeh said, the show did more to foster contempt for Britain than all the finely written articles which appeared in the magazines. The comic papers throughout the Continent were jeering and carica tnring- the Englishman ; while the so-called higher journals gravely argued that the power of Britain, if ever she had any, had passed away. A Russian paper published a statement to the effect that Britain could only raise a limited number of men. Of those a considerable proportion would have to guard India, where, it said, fcomo disaffection existed. Others would have to do garrison duty in 'Britain, trhile Malta, Gibraltar, and the colonies required defending. The conclusion was that some S0,000 men were the most whom Britain could put in the field, and this . number would be but a» a drop in the backet com pared with what liussia. could draw from her im mcuse resources It was at this time, when the name of Britain had 'been made a by-word and a reproach for the nations by Mr. Gladstone, that Lord Beaconsneld effected his grand coup. When ihe Indian contingent was landed in Malta during the liusso- Tnrkiah war the tone of the' continental press changed as if by magic. What Mr. Gladstone stigmatised as a theatrical dodge proved to European Powers that the power of .Britain was not a mere figure of speech ; that, instead of 30,000,000 there were nearly 200,000,000 to draw on, and that India, instead of being a weak point, was a source of immense strength to the Empire. - It was spoken of in Franca as tke most brilliant stroke of policy yet conceived. ' It not only proves 'that Britain's resources are im mense ; but it is better calculated to allay any dis affection which may exist in Tihtift than any other measure. There is nothing1 which so flatters an inferior raco as to be treated the same as the superior one. If anything will bind the Indians mere firmly to Britain, it is putting them in the field with and treating' them the same as if they were Englishmen. 'The Gladstone Almanack' points out that this coup was received with a Gladstonian shriek of indignation in 1873, and' initiated with 'liberal Applause-' in 1882. The first illustration in the book savours of the prophetic. The G.O.M. starts from his sleep and sees before him the ghost of General Gordon. The letter press says, 'Jan. 18 — The too too late Government sends General Gordon to overawe the Soudanese with a walking stick and a camel, 1884. (Nov. 1884— John Bull is overawed to find it will cost him .£10,000,000 to recover the stick and the camel.)— Retribution.' The variations on the words 'grand old man' ara very ingenious. Thare are 'the grand old meddler ' and ' muddler,' ?' the grand old mystery,' ' the grand old man-ufacturer of half -measures,' 'the grand old May queen,' 'the -grand old scuttle fish who scuttles from Cabul,' 'the grand old man darin,' 'the grand old^man-miiliner, '' the grand old manipulator ' The grand old Mahdi,' and many others besides ' the grand old mania created through the country by his mud-lothian career.' The speeches he made when in opposition, and the manner in which he ' explained his statements away,' ' when in power, are all carefully noted down, as well as the increases in the income and other taxes during Ms regimes. His ' transparent attempts at thimble-rigging to secure votes,' and the futile attempt to get himself and his brothers registered as 'faggot voters' in 1835 are set forth with a plainness with which unfor tunately the New South Wales public are unac quainted. The hits in the ' Almanack' were so pal pable that Mr. Gladstone addressed a querulous letter to the compiler, denying some of the facts. This letter appeared in several newspapers, and was .pronounced a 'masterpiece of quibbling.' Whatever may be said of Mr. Gladstone's abilities as a statesman, there can be no doubt that many even of his greatest admirers consider his foreign and colonial policy weak, and fraught with the greatest danger to the Empire and her dependencies. - It has been openly declared that he has done all he possibly could do to alienate the colonies from the mother country, while the manner in which he has conducted the military opera tions in Afghanistan, the Capo, l£gypt, and in every other place where he has been concerned, has brought the name of Britain into contempt. Indeed, if the death of General Gordon does not rouse the British nation to indignation even the most loyal of Australians will begin to think 'that Britain is un worthy of her destiny, and if there is a sharp sting in every line Of the ' Alrnn.Tifl.nlr' TimTiy Annfcralin.nB'ffjU V» the last to say that W. £. Gladstone does not deserve it all. At the present juncture Uta 'Almanack' has a peculiar interest. The Soudan ojwratioiis bavo (as the ' Almanack ' say* for November) culminated in ' fog ererywhere-rrchiefly in the Cabinet.' ''The grand old ieller of trees' waM dubbed by John Buskin last year, ' an old windbag,' and by Car lyle a8 'one of the most ' eontemptiblest men I ever looked on, while the London . WoatD stigmatised him as ' the chartered libertine of genius and age.' He is openly accused of having appointed his three sons and his nephew to fat billets, and it is declared that since 1857 he and his family have drawn .£160,000 from the 'national exchequer. . The book bristles with statistics which show that the 'liberal Government' has been disas trously expensive. When .'Master Herbert' (Gladstone's youngest hopeful) dined with Mr, Biggar, the well-known Irish M.P., he said he did not know much about Ireland. ' An' be jabars' replied Mr. B. 'there's only one man in the world knows less, and that's yer father.' The illustrations are very clever, . lively, and appropriate, and would of, themselves bo considered libellous in this colony. Al together the pamphlet is a withering commentary' upon the public oareer of the 'grand old gerry mander,' and will amuse as well as instruct every body who is fortunate enough to'peruBe its pages. 