Byron Bay. [BY A TRAVELLER.] THE Eastern coast of Australia is not par- ticularly favored with many harbors, although there are some grand havens of rest amongst the few there are. Where could Nature have been more generous than in giving our Queen city of the south such a harbor as Port Jackson, safely enclosed, guarded from all tempestuous weathers, with water deep enough to float the navies of the world, and surrounded by scenery of the most picturesque description. This harbor stands by itself in its singular safety and magnificence. There are no natural harbors along the eastern coast of much consequence, although Moreton Bay and some other of the Queensland ports are comparatively speaking good. The ingenuity and industry of man has been brought to bear to make Newcastle a good and safe harbor, and great breakwater works are now on at the Clarence Heads, Wollongong, and Trial Bay, which when completed will make all these ports safe ports of refuge in times of storm. The coast from Newcastle to Moreton Bay is singularly free from harbors, there is Trial Bay, and from there North to Morton Bay, only one port of refuge, and this is situated on the most Eastern point of the continent, Cape Byron. The Cape juts out towards the coast, and a basin is formed towards the North, which is known as Byron Bay. The place is picturesque, to a degree, the boldness of the Cape, the long even stretch of beach North- ward, in an almost semicircle towards the Brunswick River, in conjunction with the magnificent semi-tropical vegetation, which covers the coast range, coming down to the very edge of the beach, constitute a picture at whose grandeur none can excel. Stand- ing on the furthermost point on a clear day, with the mighty Pacific rolling in at one's feet, what strange thoughts passes through the brain-bringing up the words of the great mind perverted genius after whom the place is named :- Roll on thou deep and dark blue ocean, * * * Man marks the earth with ruin, His control stops with the shore. One thinks how man in his efforts to im- prove, spoils nature, he wrecks the beautiful to procure convenience. Following up this train of thought, one wonders if this lovely scene will ever be a hive of industry, whether where glorious vegetation now luxuriates, smoking stacks of chimneys and busy factories will rear their heights toward the sky. One wonders if in the years to come, where now a solitary traveller wends his way north, south, or inland, myriads will travel ; where now there is only the bridle path or bush track, there the iron horse will speed its fiery way to other haunts of men, macada- mised roads lead on to those towns or villages not yet prepared for the railway ; whether, where only a few vessels now anchor (more for refuge than else), then shall the mercan- tile fleets of the world be seen, unloading their precious cargoes to be carried inland and distributed amongst the thriving popu- lation, and loading produce, the worthy labor of myriads of a people whose lands bring forth almost anything. Is this dream a wild or extravagant one? When one looks at the beneficent way in which a good Nature has lavishly handed out its gifts to this dis- trict. No, decidedly no. A port, that against most winds is safe, and with a fair expenditure and properly directed engineer- ing skill, would be made into an undoubtedly safe port, and such a port of refuge that would be most undeniably acceptable to those mariners who have to travel the waters of Eastern Australia, cannot but have a grand future before it. Running North- east from the point of the Cape, and some distance out to sea, are two islands, they stand alone, and in their loneliness amidst the stormy waves of the Pacific-are like two tried friends, standing together and battling with the world, like husband and wife, who having gone through the vicissitudes of life to a good old age, at last meet with some un- foreseen calamity, and have, alone, to brave it out. These two islets, Juan and Julia, stand there, a monument to the stupendous power of nature, while from the Cape to them, is a shelf of rocks, whereon a break- water second to none in the world could be erected ; and which in years to come would be a tribute to the great powers of man ; and which on many and many a stormy time would invoke the thanksgivings of the "toilers of the deep" as tempest tossed and worn they sought and gained the welcome shelter of this place of peace. These dreams, these foreshandowings pass rapidly like a panorama through one's brain, and then comes the thought, what is there to sub- stantiate such glorious ideas. What? Stranger look round, here is a natural har- bor, the only one in a coast line of 210 miles, which, as it is, is to a comparative degree safe, and with a little trouble would be made second only to Port Jackson. But what use is a harbor, except for refuge, if there is not a fertile country near it to justify the expenditure of a large amount of money in breakwater works. Is this here? Is there any country near here that is fertile, and that would justify this costly work? Gentle reader, come with me, and we shall start from the edge of the bay, where land and water meets, and before starting, I shall show stretching from far South to far North, the coast range covered with a vegetation unequalled in the wildest flights of man's imagination, the glorious cedar, the stately pine, the graceful banga- low, the beautiful ferntree, all those and many others combine to form and picture lovely to behold, and which must prove the inexhatistiihle nature of the soil upon which it grows. This is what I will show you afar off, but mount and come with me, and with in 3 minutes having crossed Belongil Creek, we are in the midst of this almost impene- trable forest. Underfoot, we dig up a few inches of the ground and find a soil, rich in the extreme, a chocolate loam, impregnated with such a depth of decayed vegetable matter, that we are afraid it is too fertile, and then on trying its depth, we find it can not be exhausted. We then travel up the range, going along the track up Cooper's Shoot, we get on to the top of the Range, near Mr. Hayter's selection. Here we see what can be done, and can easily draw con- clusions of what may be done. The country from the range down away to Woodburn on the South to Tomki and Disputed Plains on the West to the Queensland border on the North, a vast area, is all covered with this scrub ; and through which like ants in a huge hive, are thousands of thriving humanity content with what little they are doing ; and awaiting the improvement of Byron Bay, and the arrival of the iron horse. They produce too much for the local market, and must get their stuff away to foreign markets to get anything like a price to repay them for their labor. A paternal Government is now rapidly opening up this Eden of New South Wales, by making roads as quickly as they can ; but owing to the dense vegetation their progress is naturally slow. The survey of the railway from Grafton, passing through Casino (a town on the Upper Richmond rapidly increasing in population and wealth, and the now reputed capital of the Rich- mond), and Lismore that thriving town, and Bexhill near Cape Byron ; in fact, a line is measured right down to the site of the jetty, and thence on to the Tweed, to come out there on the navigable waters of that river. Important roads from Ballina, Bexhill, Clunes, Lismore, Tintenbar, Newrybar, Teven, and the Brunswick and Tweed, all lead to into this port of Byron ; and there is no doubt the Government have recognised its importance both as a centre and as port, as tenders are called for the erection of a jetty to cost some £12,000. This jetty will run out some 1050 feet, to make ample room for the trade that will shortly be done there. Bearing all these hard facts in mind, can one bring his imagination to see what the future must be of this Byron, what a hive of thriving mankind must congregate there abouts, what business must be done. Look at the picture, on the hills and highlands, sweet villas and palatial mansions nestled amidst the stately trees and glorious brush ; along the lowlands fronting the sea and back therefrom, huge stores and warehouses, busy factories, crowded streets, energetic men, and the iron horse puffing in and out of the place. Of course, a question naturally arises, Where is the town? Or where will it be? Certainly the Government have laid out a village reserve, but it is too far away from where the business must congregate ; so private speculators have taken into hand and expedited, what a slothful Government have neglected. Immediately near to the jetty, and facing the yellow sands, the cele- brated Byron village is laid out, and this village has also been laid out with great care and thought. Here (I was going to say in the years to come) in a short period of time, say in months, will be seen a city, which like a mushroom will spring up in an almost incredibly short space of time. The inex- haustive fertility, and wonderful resources of the Big Scrub are now becoming more widely known to the outside world, and men of means are succeeding and keeping those who by indomitable perseverance have opened up these rich lands. Who can foretell the future of this, the most favored district in the colonies. Only that one might be deemed extravagant, I would attempt to draw a picture of what such a place must come to. Let an Anglo-saxon be given fertility, a fair climate, and an outlet for his industry, and his native born energy, will make the place in which he settles advance rapidly to the front. Fertility is there, a fair climate, but an outlet and market is wanted, and these will both be found when the jetty and the railway are completed, and neither of these great works are far in the future ; everything points to their early construction and completion. When these are done, with what gigantic strides must the place go ahead ; and as it goes on what fabulous prices will be paid for land all round. Those who are wise, and know a thing or two will buy now before the rush takes place, before the advance, so that they can take advantage of the rise. What a rare opportunity will be given them to do so in the sale of the Byron Bay subdivision. Fancy the idea of a man, being asked to put down a deposit of 10 per cent, only, a mat- ter of 2s in every pound, and then can give the balance in 6 quarterly payments, at a low rate of percentage. Nothing could be easier, it is simply a matter of offering a person the chance of making a fortune, or a competence for a mere nothing. After this prologue everyone with or without capital must be anxious to know where they can get any further particulars so that they can make suitable arrangements to purchase some of this great subdivision. If they write to Mr. John H. Munro, Grafton, or Messrs. Munro and McDougall, Casino and Lismore, they will get everything they want. And in conclusion, it would be well to re- member, that land is always a safe invest- ment, where a district or a town is pro- gressive, and no one can doubt for one solitary moment, that Byron Bay has not a grand future before it, and that "Progress " must be its watchword. WATER WANTED.- Writing respecting the sad effects of the drought in the pastoral dis- tricts of this Colony, the 'S. M. Herald,' of the 9th instant, says,- There are millions of stock looking in vain for food and water, three scores of proprietors threatened with ruin, and a blow pending whioh will shock every interest and institution of the colony. And who has seen, who considered it, who given it promi- nence in electioneering speech, in programme of present or future policy ? Though we assume that the country has been stirred to its depths within the last month, that every large subject has been thoroughly discussed, and every topic of importance been set upon a hill of publicity, we have to dig for this matter far deeper than any speeches of any parliamentary candidates have gone. And yet we can go down with a full assurance that no labour will be in vain. The remedy is at hand. Tons, hundreds of millions of tons of wator have rolled down Namoi and Castlereag and Culgoa and Birie and Warrego, by impetuous as ephemeral torrents, to the Darling, or by slow and silent under- ground channels to the sea, which, retained and distributed, might have been transmitted into tens of thousands of tons of herbage and grass, of beef, and mutton, and wool. Nothing easier and nothing greater than to accomplish this, but not by a perambulatory commission of diligent amateurs, not by peddling recommenda- tions, not by the puny effort which may re- main when all the popular works are accom- plished. The work demands such self-sacrifice as Australia has never yet endured. There are no immediate dividends in it- no immediate gains to be reaped by even shrewdest specula- tors ; it must be done by the country : and its ultimate advantage, as its present burden, must be distributed amongst all the people of the colony. How urgent and how important it is, those know who know what its want has cost us within the past five years ; but all may share that knowledge if they will but endeavor to count up the sum of recorded facts and near possibilities, and, trace their influences through the many avenues of our life. They must not, however, halt on the millions ; it is easy to sum up millions of lost lives as lost pounds ; nor yet upon the ruin of homes of families, of enter- prising pioneers, and even well-settled and substantial occupiers of runs, who could not stand the shocks of drought year upon year. They must go onto the wrong to humanity - the unnumbered cruel foul wrongs to the uncomplaining brutes- they must get a vivid realisation of thc neglect of duty, a clear conception of the crime that neglect incurs ; and then, surely, they will begin to think of the immediate and imperative need of amend- ment, and to ask of those who seek to govern not what do you think of education or local option, or the tenets of Orangeism, or the Kiama ghost, or of Standard paint or dump cars, but of this one greatest of all great works. We shall never begin it till people begin to think about it, and that will not be, perhaps, till the inevitable pocket appeal is made, which only unforeseen as unexpected dispensations of nature can much longer delay. ABOUT TIMBER.- A writer in the 'Clarence Examiner' says,- The special reporter of one of the metropolitan journals states : "In many of the Government contracts it is expressly stipulated that American clear pine or Baltic deal shall be used for joinery work." He then proceeds to state : "Our straight- grained cedar is, however, considered by many to be fully equal to the clear pine for work of this sort, while the figured cedar is said to be equal to the finest mahogany." Let it be hoped that facts here stated will have been noted, by some new member of Parliament pledged to watch over Colonial industry, who will make the needful inquiries to ascertain whether this is so or not. If any Department is favouring the "American clear pine" to the exclusion of the Colonial timber, the sooner this state of things is re- medied the better. "Straight grained cedar," or any cedar, is equal to clear pine or American pine of any description, and should have a fair chance to be used where it is as good as the other. How can the Government expect timber cutters to pay their license fees if they partially shut out the market from them ? It looks very much as it those who specify clear pine to the exclusion of other timber, are somehow inter- ested in the importation of it. The writer of articles in the S. M. HERALD on the subject of "The Timber and Timber Trades of New South Wales," remarks- "There is a large district at the head waters of the Richmond and Tweed which, it is said might be utilised for cedar planting on account of the suitability of the soil for timber-growing, and its unsuitability, for want of means of conveying the produce to market, for agricultural purposes. If the thing is worth doing at all it is worth doing on a large scale, and this would seem to be just the dis- trict adapted for such a purpose. So far as the timber merchants are concerned, they say that they make more by importing foreign wood than by selling the home grown, the real losers by the decrease in the consumption of colonial soft woods being the timber-getters, whose trade is fast slipping out of their hands. This is the case for and against colonial soft-woods." 