NORTH MIDLAND ROAD BOARD. ; The idea of removing the office of the Road Board from tlio valetudinary town of Clam to Gladstone acts upon the petulant nerves of the Northern Argus as would a red rag upon an infuriated bull, and in the last issue under the heading of "An old Subject" the Argus un burdens the tumult oE its thoughts in the following virulent manner; — "As our readers are aware, it was finally decided at the last meeting of the North Midland Road Board to remove the office to Gladstone, For the sake of the northern members we are glad, as we should be sorry to see them further inconvenienced by travelling all the way to Clare — for which they are paid — for the purpose of transacting the Board's business. Of course, it is a mere bagatelle for the southern members to trot up to Gladstone once a month, and having a duty to perform they will not cry peccavi,' but resolutely and consistently carry out what they promised to do. The sensitive constitutions of the northern Commissioners could not stand such fatigue, and therefore, as we said before, we are truly thankful for their sakes that the atleration has been effected. The proposition of Mr Christison that the meetings of the Board in future be held alternately at Clare, Gladstone, Laura, Port Pirie, and James town, and that the office be situated in Clare as hitherto was reasonable, and would have been fair to members at both ends of the district ; but we verily believe that had he 'the power to offer the irrepressible northern Commissioners a free pass to heaven to get them to coincide with the views they would not accept it. They are above bribery, and we are glad to know it. At least one member of the Board is required to attend at the Board office at other times besides during meetings, and although Mr Cook ' could not promise to always attend, as that might be (very inconvenient at times,' Messrs Goode and McCallum magnanimously, consented 'to attend the office if at Gladstone.' So at Gladstone let the office be — anything to suit the 'convenience' of the northern members." The Argus never tires of promenading the fact that the Northern members are paid for transacting the Board's business, and therefore should not consider the question of inconvenience. But does not the same argument hold good towards the Southern members having to come to Glad stone. Are they not equally as well paid for their duties ? Have they not had the benefit for years of meeting nearly at their own doors ? and have they not had many other advantages which the Northern members never had ? and now is it anything but fair, just, right or reason able that our representatives should have an innings ? The fact is that Clare has had the office situated among them so long as to have led them into a powerful train of thought that to shift the head quarters of the Board would be little less than suicide, but experience having proved that such can he done without crime, they are at a loss to understand it, and have under a multiplicityof disarranged ideas become like Hamlet's ghost marvelously distempered. But this weakness is"; not alone confined to the ' Argus for we also find in its columns a letter written to the Editor by one who contents himself with the unpretentious title of " James" stating " Sir — I notice by your last issue that the Commissioners have decided to remove the North Midland Road Board ito Gladstone. The northern members being n the majority the thing was easily accomplished, and they are quite justified iu doing what they consider right. The two southern members being in the minority they were absolutely out of it, which is quite natural, as the weakest in this sublunary sphere invariably goes to the wall. Had the junior member for Stanley, as other Ministers of the Crown before him had always done,' nominated Mr P. McNamara in place of Mr Cook the Board would not probably have been put to the expense of removing its office — a needless expenditure, too, as things, since the Board's existence in Clare, have gone on smoothly enough. When Mr Darling saw fit to leave Mr McNamara out in the cold, Messrs A. Young and T. Priest, justly thinking that their old colleague had been unfairly treated, immediately tendered their resignations. That was the first good turn Mr Darling did Clare directly he got into office. When I heard the other day that he had dropped the reins of government I felt thankful. Mr McNamara had always been elected to office by other Com missioners of Public Works, but, of course, Mr Darling has infinitely more wisdom than his predecessors, and thus materially altered things, for the benefit of Clare, of course." 