NOT MAD BUT QUEER. There certainly must be a screw loose in the composition of the celto-romans. "We do not think the same queer symp toms are to be found among the Romans properly so called, or even among the French or Germans of that persuasion. But among the celto-romans of the Hibernian race, the symptoms are terribly suggestive of morbid eccentricity. There is a kind of monomania for one inevitable idea which is often the distinguishing characteristic of insanity. Let the sub ject be what it may, the absurd glorifica tion of " Holy Ireland," haunts the patient like a ghost, and the observers like a nightmare. The Express, priestly organ in Sydney, gives us a report of a visit to Cardinal Moran, while in Dublin, of a deputation from the league of the Sacred Heart for the suppression of in temperance. Instead, however, of ad dressing him on the subject of intemper ance, the theme was chiefly quite different. It opened, " May it please your Emin ence, Son of Brave and Holy Ireland," &c.;, and then follows the most extra ordinary mixture of stupidity which a sane man could conceive; a combined 'flattery of Ireland and Moran. The use of words is most whimsical. "Wo re cognise in your Eminence the glorious prestige of our forefathers ; : that prestige has been to ; cling to the rock. It has been their' inalienable right, and that right we claim ourselves to prize above all things, our inseparable union with Rome," &c.; As every one has an in alienable right to prize above all things whatever he likes, all this is the merest persiflage : but when we are told that this is " prestige " and that they recog- niae this prestige in Cardinal Moran, we begin to suspect delirium. It appears Dr. Moran is prestige, and this prestige or Dr. Moran is an inalienable right ; although a few lines further on he is one of the " golden links " that unite them to the Pope. This is bad enough, but what are we to thiuk of tho following sentence. " Your Eminence, there are ringing in our ears the premonitory and inspired " nonpos- sumus non debemus, nolumus," of which words no explanation or connexion is afforded as a clue to their meanings. The only way we can account for their pre sence is that which supposes the address to have been drawn up' by some tyro in Latin who shoved in the words indis criminately " promiscuous," as the Yankees say, just to show that he knew a few words of the language. JYon pos- sumus, non debemus, nolumus, i.e., we are not able, we ought not, we will not. Those words, the deputation said, " were ringing in their ears." They went as the spokesmen of the Temperance League, and there was ringing in their ears we cannot, we ought not, wo will not." Very sensible indeed for the denizens of " Holy Ireland," the " Mary of the nations !". But in the name of common sense what is it they cannot, ought not, and will not ? I They did not tell Dr. Moran : and we have our doubts whether they had any meauing in the words at all. Perhaps the league had been so answered by obstinate refusers of the pledge, "we cannot, we ought not, we will not." We recommend the same answer to all poor Protestants who are implored to send their children to popish schools, to give their money to popish objects, to sing and dance for popish concerts and balls, to try their luck at Romish raffles, or " art unions," to subscribe to Jesuit colleges, and nun neries ; to assist at Romish masses ; what an appropriate reply — non possumus, non debemus, nolumus. " I thank thee Jew for that word." The deputation wound up by this prayer of their own composition which seems to have been manufactured from the ordinary curse, simply by chang ing a few words : the different parts and circumstances of the body remaining the same. " Protegat te Dominus a dexteris et siniBtris, ante et retro, subfcus et superius, in aere, in terra, in aquis, in mari, in flexu, iu erectione, in gressu, in statione, dor- miendo, vigilando, in omni motu, et in omni die, in omni hora, in omni loco, in omni nocte, et in omnibus diebus vitae tuae." " May the Lord protect thee on the right and on the left, before and be hind ; above and below ; in air, in earth, in water, in the Bea; in bending, in standing, in walking, in staying still; in sleeping, in waking, in every movement ; in every day, in every hour, in every place, in every night, and in all the days of your life " every day" and " all days" are quite distinct things with these folk. Well they are not mad ; they are only funnily queer. 