ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (Br THE GiHOST.) "Cup" week has come in most oppor tunely to enable the Government to recover their equanimity over the result of the election for West Melbourne. Of course the Ministry affect to see no political signi ficance whatever in the rethrn of Mr. Carter and the rejection of Mr. Simon Frazer. Had some of the members of the Administration not personally interfered i during the contest, there would perhaps I have been very little significance in the choice of the electors, but in view of the fact that the Minister of Railways, the Minister of Mines, and even the Premier used their inuluence to induce the consti tuency to select Mr Frazer, the fiat of the first important constituency that has had the opportunity of expressing an opinion on the merits of Mr. Service and his col I leagues, is the hand writing on the wall betokening "the beginning of the end." In truth, indications that the Ministry is realising the fact that even coalitions r must some day go "the way of all flesh," are patent to all who watch the stream of current events. Mr. Kerferd will be the I first to leave the Ministerial ranks, and I then the sinking ship will be abandoned by Messrs. Service and Berry and Mr. Dcakin, the two last-named gentlemen being desirous of filling the post of Agent General on the expiration of Mr. Murry Smith's tenure of office, and the Premier contemplating a trip to the mother coun try in search ofshealth and an extension of his mercantile connection. The lesser Slights of the Government, althougll favouring a "reconstruction" of the Cabinet, which would simply mean the re tention of their own portfolios and the selection of their most dangerous oppo nents as colleagues, are hardly up to the mark of even the average Colonial states man, and will in all probability find the r task they are desirous of undertaking be e yond their, powers of accomplishment. Everything therefore points to the conclu sion that before many months are over the opportunity so ardently longed for by the. Opposition will have ar i rived, and the Treasury benchses be filled t by a fresh lot of occupants. s Although the return of the late popular 1 Mayor of Melbourne to a seat in the Assembly may be without very much political significance, the event conveys a lesson which the "popular" chamber of the Legislature would do well to Ioy to heart. If the choice of West Melbourne I means anythiLg, it is that the country is not prepared to tolerate the "grand motherly" legislation to which the 9 Coalition Government is giving its atten tion, and that the Licensing Bill, the Factories Bill, the Trades Union Bill, and the measures interfering with the full and free liberty of the subject, and the re strictions on a Free Sunday.are distasteful to a large section of the community. The oft quoted maxim that "people cannot be made virtuous by act of Parliament" is one which the Government are apparently prepared to ignore. The only result which the work of the present session is certain to accomplish is a large increase in the number of Police Court cases for inifrac tions of the law, which is certain to follow on the increased interference with the per sonal liberty of the peopleo; Last week the inmates of our- Zoological Gardens were afforded an unwonted treat. \- Iitherto one of the chief sources of attrac tion at this popular place of public resort has been the demeanour of the animals at feeding time. The tables for the nonce were turned, and the animals were afforded an opportunity of witnessing the demeanour s of a select number of the human species during the progress of a free banquet. The idea of "nobbling" members of Parlia ment by inviting them to dinner, and then impressing upon honourablo members tithe necessity of voting an increased amount on the estimates, was undoubtedly a master stroke of genius. The way to the average Englishman's heart is said to be through \- his stomach, and it would appear as if the giver of the' entertainment had a lurking idea that the way to the breeches pocket of the Victorian legislator is through his 5 mouth. When it is known' that the ex pense of the feast is to be a charge on the I public revenie, much of the creditdue to the giver of the entertainment will per haps vanish, and there" will only ioe one opinion in regard to the affair among thy taxpayers. Were it possible to arrive at the opinion of the animals in the gardens, I their description of the scenes they wit 1 nessed would perhaps tend to lower the estimation in which some of the people's Srpresentatives hold th?emselvesi fo?, if rumour is to be' creditp,' some ef the' I festive revellers entered so fully into the 3 humour of the proceedings that it would hardly be a figure of speech to say " they made perfect beasts of themselves,' although it might be a libel on the " less noble portion of creation." True to the Fabian policy of procrasti nation by which it is hoped to weary out the patience and forbearance of the Scots Church congregation, the Melbourne Pres bytery, in secret conclave assembled, has once more postponed taking action on the request of a section of AMr. Strong's late adherents to be allowed-to "call" a minister. The "irreconcilables" appear determined to waive aside the olive branch, and drive all who are indisposed to accept the dogma of S.S. Ilentoul and M'Eaclhren fromn the ranks of the church. And not content with injuring the Scots Church congregation by impugning their orthodoxy, and without formulating any charges pronouncing sentence upon them, they further insult them by appointing one of their bitterest persecutors-the Rev. ,Mr. M'Enchren-to occupy the pulpit of the Scots Church, while the congre gation are "inhibited" from exercisina, their right of choosing their own pastor. This proceeding savours somewhat strongly of substituting a stone for the bread, or the serpent for the fish. It would seem as if the saying in regard to tihe Bourbons, that they were as incapable of forgetting as of learning, were true in respect of the reverend divines who con stitute the governing body of the Presby terian Church. Surely the unseemly squab ble has raged quite long enough, and sullicient has been done in the estimation of most sensible persons to satisfy the vanity of certain members of the General Assembly, destroy the worldly prospects of a too successful brother worker in the Lord's vineyard, and bring discredit on Christianuity and its teachings. It is high time to let the curtain full over the whole unseemly episode. A change has apparently come over the spirit of the scribes who "do" the Spring Meeting of the V.R.C. Hitherto it has been the fashion to beslaver Mr. Byron Moore with the most fulsome adulation, and ransack the dictionary in search of adjectives worthy of his distinguished merit. " Energetic," " indefatigable," " ubiquitous," "courteous," and " enter. prising," were among the epithets with which the name of Mr. lagot's successor was invariably coupled. Now all is altered. The arrangements in regard to the course are " faulty," the aocommodation for the public "inadequate," and the purveying department "simply execrable." Sooth to say, there is only too much reason for the universal chorus of complaint. What, for instance, can justify the rule which forbids ladies whose male escort does not happen to accompany them by train being denied admission at the entrance gates to the grand stand, although furnished with " member's ladies' tickets," until some member, whom in ninety- nine cases out of a hundred they do not know, passes them in.? Lais, Phryne, and Aspasia, who happen to have no "members' tickets," can pass unchallenged at the entrance to the lawn or grandstand by taking a ten shilling ticket, while-as on the Derby day for example-ladies presented with cards of admission by members were com pelled to stand at the gate in the rain, ankle deep in muud and slush, until some member of the V.R.C. was polite enough to order the janitor to allow them to pass. Then the commissariat department is really disgracefully managed. To have to pay five shillings for a luncheon which can be obtained in the most expensive Collins street Iluncheon-room for eightecnpence, is an extortion which not even the follies of "Cup day" warrants. Mr. Byron Moore's long apprenticeship to "red tape" in the Lands Office has assuredly not im proved his capabilities as a caterer for the amusement of the public. The Committee of. the premier racing club, if desirous of maintaining their prido of place, must either compel their secretary to altermany of the absurd regulations now in existence, or compel that gentleman to make way for some one who is prepared to march with the times. The salahiry paid to the secre tary of the Victoria (lacing Club is cer tainly handsome enough to secure the ser vices of a first-rate man. November 7. 