There's a proverb that says you must laugh to grow fat; So its meaning to follow endeavour. If you lean on our columns it's meet you should know That you're sure to grow fatter than ever. Up north the playful alligator makes things a little lively when the residents of that extremely-hot portion`of:the Australian. continent go, iin" for, aquatic gymnastics. Some Bowen boys had a swimming-hole up the river, but they were often driven out of the wiater by a;very ungent?dmanly alligator who.came to sample them. At last they hit on a little racket to get even with him. They constructed a buoy, the exact size and shape of an every day sort of boy, filled it pretty full of nitro- glycerine, and pushed it out in the river with a long pole. Mr. Alligator came down on his daily sampling expedition, with his mouth wide open, like an overgrown rat-trap, and, without asking any question, he shut down on him like a bulldog on a shin of beef., He didn't want to take a sample, but he took the whole consignment at nmarket price. Something happeneda!l of a sudden, and he went off just at the same time the nitro-glycerine did, and he was fired tail first about three mile up the river before he had time to settle up for the consignment. Moral-Boys will be boys. I tried a conmindrum, the other evening, at my landlady's expense. It didn't come out. right: somehow. The fellows where I hang out are awfully dull. My landlady was pouring out some tea when I remarked, in. my usual humorbus style, ." Why is that tea like my-back ?" fNobody spoke; so I meekly !I OME TO DINNERI." explained thusly; "because it is rather weak." Nobody laughed; but the landlady said;' " Weak tea ! ehi? weakl back I ch ? Well, you've no cause 'to 'growl. You're a week back with your board." They laughed theni, butId'idn't think it was funny.. A young physician has lately located him self in a fishionable neighbourhood. Up to date he hiashiai but very little practice, but he puts on a lot of, side, and bustles about like a bluebottle fly'in a sugarshop. One of the older physicians met, him the other day, and, after, kindly asking about his health, in quired how he was getting on in his practice. "I've got more than.I know how to do," said the boastful 'one; "nearly knocked up for.want,of ,est. I had to get out of my bed five 'iiies' last n~ight; couldn't get a wink." "Wliy'dOn'tfyou buy'some insecticide ?" re marked the old doctorr-as-he passed on to do his usual rounds. One of the leadingmembers of a large financial institution in Melbourne at one timebelonged to thephwinbroking persuasion, and in the early.days of the.diggilgs he once made a journey_ to-Torest .reek, now known as Chewton. On the road he, with a lot of others;:was :stuickup'. by .two arnied, bush rangers. "Bail up I and shell out your pewter," said the chief ruffian, presenting his revolver right in the little pawnbroker's face. "So help my shiminy gracious ! I've only g~~ti"i"liundredlluid," said uncle three balls. "' Hand 'em,over," said the- bushranger, laconically. Uncle handed them over, keep ing back six sovereigns: "What are you keeping back- that' six quid'fol- " mildly in quired the man, putting the muzzle of his pistol against uncle's forehead. "Holy Moses I" ejaculated mine uncle in a passion, "don't you let a..manatake out three per cent. when he advances money without security ?" I don't' know whether this paragraph will be allowed.insertion, but I write it in hopes it willescape the watchfulmanager's eye. The other day I called at this office, and saw the editor seated at the desk. He is an old man, who has weathered many a rough colonial storm, an'd how he manages to keep out of, the Kew Asylum after enduring the sneers and jibes of the aristocratic staff who keep up the brilliancy of this paper by their salient scintillations of wit and command of sarcasm. is more than I can understand. Even the manager treats him with con-. tumely, but' he plods on in his mill-horse style, and doesn't appear:to take any notice. Whilst I was talking to him on the day I speak of, the proprietor, a man without the, slightest refinement ,or care for a fellow, creature's feeling, suddenly entered the office and said, " Splodge, I 'shall have to reduce your salary till the cold-.weather sets in." " Why ?" asked the pior victim, his face: bursting out in a violent perspiration,, and his heart sinking to zero. ". Because., I find, that a large portion of your, time, which' should'be devoted to my service in hashing' up funny' thiigs for this original paper, is devoted to knocking ffies off the top.0of that bald head .of yours."'. The poor old man gazed vacantly at him for a moment, crushed a large bliuebottle that was having a, free lunch in .the shade of some grey hairs on his. occiput, and burst into tears. The whole in cident was so exceedingly painful that I had to leave the office and get a refresher. Said the judge-- " You stand convicted : Of stealing this man's watch. Yo?fdidn't mean to do it? How?" "Htispurse imneant'to snatch." Two .German military officers recently met in a duel, and one shot the other. The cause. of the trouble was that one of these brave. defenders of Vaterland had put on the other brave defender's hat. -There was once a Germani professor whose chief boast was that he had not washed his head for seven years, and always. iped his pen in his hair. Hence there iiay have been good reason for this duel. SThe Herald tells us that-" when the boot makers' strike took place, one of those who went.out was a bootmaker. There would be nothinfg ery extraordinary about, this, only this'.particular bootmaker went in again to, a public-house-and. later on: died of delirium tremens. Moral.-Pat not:your trust in strikes,, nor your credit: in public- houses. They are'both bad. . Mr. Oall, P.M., lately, when referring to indecorous conduct on Sunday at'the Mel bourne General Cemetery,'said this- state of affairs ust be shocking to people who came in a state of grief with funerals. He believed that the goings on inside the cemetery, too, were not altogether proper. Mr. Call sholild confine himself to judicial matters on this side 'of the grave. Even if the ghosts of earlier d&parted; mortals should' turn out to welcome the newly arrived, and even should they attempt to drag in the undertaker, pall bearers, or. chief-mourners into the bargain, what isthat to Mr. Call? It is rumored thlatthe Salvati6n Airmy in tends -to adopt the following l'oetical motto : - Sound the loud timbrel, Bang the big drums, . SHaing out your banners, In purlieus and:slums. iThe Hon. James Munro, on his arrival in England,-will have an important political mission to carry out. He has been deputed by the teetotallers of Victoria to protest to Mr. Gladstone against the sale, importation, or manufacture of spirituous liquors in New Guinea. Everyone of note who, in these days, goeshome from Victoria is entrusted with a mission of some sort. Hence surprise need notibe expressed at our Jimmy being entrusted with' a small one on his own ac count.. The: interview with Mr. Gladstone will be somewhat as follows : " My name's Munro." " Oh, yes, I've heard of you. You are the well-known' Melbourne' manufacturer of pokers, and tongs, and shovels, and ploughs, and harrows,. and other agricultural imple ments ?". " No' , yoi' mistake me. I am .the Hon.. James Munro, head of the Victorian Total .Abstainers."' " Oh, yes, you are the gentleman`whom the Melbourne comic papers are always jok in about the size of his feet. But they are, not so large, after all. Are they ?" " Sir; I feel insulted, at" being confounded with Major.Smith. I'am-"' :. "Yes, that's it. Surely. you can't be the funny- looking little man who is always re pres'ented "with a long' beard arid an um-i brella 1 '":; I" I say my name's Munro " . :I'" "Oh, all right; we'll take ithat as under stood. What do you wantl'? " I come' to you as the representative; of! the total; abstainers of Victoria,; to inform you that on no account must spirituouis liquor be sold, imported to, or manufactured in New Guinea." "Yes, but.you must see Scratchley about that-" "And that. if our mandate -be 'disobeyed, the total- abstainers of Victoria will rise against the British Crown, and Melbourne will then .sever-her connectiohi with Great Britain." - " ,Will you?" t... '"Yes, I once killed a man." "So did I, you know-Gordon. ' Well, What is your answer ?" " We won't." o' ou won't?" " No 1", SWell; I'm darned "' (Exit.) 