STOlliffQ TOPICS. " 'tis a long lane " we are told " which has no tnrning," bnt Victorian backers are commencing to donbt the truth of the adage, as applied to the path of bad fortune tney .nave neen travelling on- of late. die series of reverses was further added- to at Moonee Valley on Saturday, when' Tantaliser, Honors, Straggler, Pyimas, and Stafford, all red boS favourites, went down before compara tive outsiders. Master Pinetop and Mernder were each pretty freely sup ported for small amounts, hut a lot of mohey was lost over Tantaliser, Problem, and Straggler. Mistake wqs one of the least fancied horses in the two events he qron, while Warina, the Selling Bace winner, was friendless at fives and sixes to' one. Altogether, the ting had a real good time of it. " >' - i - That ' grey old deCeWfer, Despot, appears to be beating Urslk on the training track, of a mopiing very badly, and, as ia resnlt .of the receipt of that information, backers of the fifty for the v.b.c. Blue Biband are not feeling as comfortable as they would like. Possibly, if : Mr. Fennelly cared to let some of them into. the know as regards the relative weights carried in the gallops, a load would he lifted off their minds. For my own part; ho number of apparently bad gallopq .performed in private will make me waver in my allegiance to Chester's daughter. If she "goes down" with the colours up next week, i shall have to alter my tunc. At present i am very partial to her dual Derby chanoe. Mb. Inolis tells me that Malua is not " about to he put into, work again," as the horse is. still ..at his brother's place 'at Ballan, ' where he is about to serve a few mares. - i believe Mr. Inglis. has ,the mother of Daxriwell, Verdure,' qnd other first-class brood mares on his -station, and it is these presumably that he contemplates -putting -to Malua. As the crack will probabjyjbe asked to renew his acquaintance' with the turf after this season! the- wisdom of" introducing him to.the.stod may be questioned, as few horses, however brilliant they may have been, ever repeat their fotilier successes after a turn at a stud farm, Amongst the wagers hooked on the vjt.c. Blue Biband recently was the fol lowing: — Mr. Leon Cohen took £100 to £35, and 'gave a well-known backer the choice of ten horses against the field, the horses picked being, as far as my memory goes, the following: — Uralla, Monte Cbristo, Dunlop, Sunny Days, ' First Chester, Cardigan, Newstead, Arsenal, Thunderbolt, and another. The same backer also laid Mr. Cohen £150 to £100 that he would pick the winner- of the Caulfield Oup in fifteen tries, and, as Ins selections include nearly all the favourites, he certainly hasn't. "any the worse of the wager. Thb intercolonial nature of the con- t-vfi frtr thfom(fi-h and v-lboime f robably be here next week, tout, judging y the purport of a private wire received this morning from Auckland, i may hint that the Cup horse Trenton will.in all probability, be at Flemington shortly. With the Lockleys section of the Ade laide horses already at Flemington, and a big batch of Sydney nags to arrive early in October, all that is neoessary to assure all the colonies being thoroughly represented is the appearance of the Queenslanders Elsinore and Petronel (neither of whom is engaged in the Caulfield or Melbourne Cop). Thbee big Caulfield Oup bets have been laid recently by Mr. Joe Thomp son £10,000 to £300 Britisher, £10,000 to £300 Blink Bonny, and £10,000 to £300 Lesbia. Mb. "Jack" Cube, the well-informed sub-editoT of the London Sportsman, has, by the last mail, very kindly furnished me with full particulars of the celebrated race between Beeswing, Calypso, .and Lanercost, whioh -took place in J une", 1841, at Newcastle i — Calypso, Lanercost, and Beeswing were the only runners for a Gold Cup, at Newcastle, in June, 1841. The betting was 5 to 4 on Lanercost, 5 to 2 against Calypso (who had won the Northumberland Plate on the previous day), and 4 to 1 against Beeswing. The last-named won by a neck, Lanercost being about the same distance behind Calypso. - The records of the race state that the result produced the greatest ex citement ; three cheers were given from the grand-stand, and responded to in whotJironged round the mare with so much eagerness and impetuosity as to defy the exertions of the officers to clear the ground. Beeswing was ridden by Cartwright, Calypso by t. Lye, and Lanercost by w. Noble. This affords an ample reply to St. Paul's query in our issue, of 29 th May, and will also prove interesting to -our otner correspondents who wrote to say they witnessed the race, but forgot the exact year. To Messrs. Ogilvie, Bobinson and Co., of Geelong, i am indebted for the fol lowing interesting, items from the St. Albans' harem: — The following mams -have arrived on a visit for the season : — Sir W. J. Clarke's Petna, Mr. D. G. Wallace's Duenna and Nightmare, Mr. M. Jacobs' Queen Mary and Oroagh Patrick mare, Mr. Jos. Harper's Horticulture and Mary Gladstone, and Dr. FitsgeraldV "Kathleen, all to St. Albans (imp.) ; Bir W. J. Clarke's Condor and Mr. Jas. Redfearne Lady BUen to First King. Other arrivals are expeoted during the week, which will be duly reported. Foahngs. — 22nd August— Marigold, brfby King of the Ring, ana goes toFirst King. 23rd August — Link, b c by Bosworth, and goes to 8t. Albans. 31st Anost-7-Royal Maid, b o by St. Albans, and fie-virits' him. 6th September— Pilgrimage, o c by St. Albans, and re-vuits him. Don Quixote, who won the Grand National Hnrdle 'Bace in '84 and shortly afterwards wis despatched to Mauritius, has been distinguishing himself in the land of sugar, Mr. Wallace's cast-off having won the Maiden Plate on the 17 th of last mouth in the commonest of caatern i Biley, in faevberig mfltwe to- hold hite back to Little' Jack,' the 1 bifiy other' ntmrter. Dukedom,: 'who "trssl also ridden by BSley, wch nflnf;' Ladies' Puree in a trot,: lindh3fati£'bditt ': him last year in the mridnlf%eidg;ihr ' : only other starter. On iliiimsiisldnjlj; in the Merchants' Plate, aboUt &THiile.;'"f and five furlongs, Don Qniaote ttetfifttfo Jack, Averons, and wentwdrth,-sz3lwjt9pc- never extended - winnitrg 'evqni easily than on the1 previous <fly.".." t>«k«'n dom carried off "Le Yate's taate fnmb" ' Wentwbrth. Tbiin Mons. CoUVe,' whir l was over here about tmoi yeart' baok' ? won all four events.' . It The gentleman who porchasrd ' Don- ' Qbixote for Minis". Coave has very .odiir-' tcoasly given me full particulars- of » : novel race which -was rim 'at Mhtwitiua laat monih (the result' of which wifi not- r: -reach us until the beginning of 'Qctotap).' Don Quixote and Dhkidom' bridg- ep. . : pareotly invincible in -the ishmd,- no- - horse- owners could.be found to 'throw dowii the gnuadetrto Mbias. couye.'who appears to be a thorough" sportsman, m»/ ' " to prevent disappointmeirt he : handed1 - ' over his two cracks 'to' the stewards of .' the Mauritius Turf Club,- who will' have -. them ridden, by jockeys chosen iby . _ thcmseHes a few minutes- Imfore.: the- -: start. After this raoeitislSmsiConve's. : intention to take Dukedom- and - Don - Quixote- across to India to miset Bing- wood, Sting, and Co. The chairman of the Wtfiismstown ' Racing Club tells mejthat, with the mem bers for the district, he will writ upon the Minister for Public Works to-day, to - solicit a contribution towards the erection of a bridge across Kororoit'Cfeek, near" the racecourse. The racing- drib; are prepared "to make a substantial contribu tion for this purpose, in order to -have ' the bridge -completed before the- Brincer - of, Wiles'- Birthday Meeting. Lefoehilo, who has been turned; cat, isnow looking as"bigas a house," "tad. ia ; about to be put into work again, . Fusiueb. left for Sydney jwsterday .. mornings and i am told that bis- owner - has backed him for the Hawkeshnry . j Hurdle Bace, in which he should, run ' . welh if"! "We have received, from Mr.. J. d. . ; Robinson, the secrete iff the iGteetong: - - Racing Club, a neatjuunphtet containing . .- the nomination!! for the Sires' Produce Stakes, 1886 and 1887, and Foal-. Stakes, 1886, 1887, and 1888. Nominators of horses are requested to examine the .list of nominations and notify to the secretary if they are not in every manner, correct. Attention is also called to the fact that the first forfeits for the Sires'. .Produce. Stakes and Foal Stakes of 1886 must "be- declared on or before Monday, the 7-th. December, 1885. . The Ballarat Turf and Hunt Clubs have framed a nice programme for their meeting which is to be held at Dowling Forest on Thursday and Friday, the 1st Vri 2» "f Oct. C _ ' . valnfinrineas, presented by Mr. j. o. Inglis, vnfobeeome | lie possession of the nominator. thstqses will be ridden by gentleman riders. trbe Ballarat Hunt lub Cup, which is a fri>phy value 100 soys., the gift of Mr. marentloughlin, follows. It is a handicap slcepleebiaaqfor bond-fide hunters that have been hunted at least four times this season with '. any recognised pack of hunters. The riders are to be amateurs, members or hou. members of any hunt club. The last event of the day is the Farmers' Parse, of 30 soys., presented by Mr. Agar Wynne. On the second day proceedings commence with the Novel Selling Bace, of 50 sovs." The next event is the Amateur Handicap Hurdle Bace, a bracelet value 50 sovs., donated by Mrs. James p. m'Pherson. Horses are to be nominated in the names of ladies, the riders "being qualified as in the Hunt Club Cup. The Ballarat Handicap, of 99 sovs., follows; then comes the Ballarat Handicap Steeple chase, of 110 soys., two nmes; and a half. The meeting will close with the. Trial Stakes, of 20 sovs. Entries for the , Hunt Club Cup, the Ballarat Handicap, the Handicap Hurdle Bace, and the Bal larat Steeplechase close at the y.b.c. offioe at 4 o'clock, and at Craig's Hotel at 8 o'clock, on I4th Sep tember. The general ' fentries close on . Monday, 21st September. With, such a 'r - taking programme, it is not too much to expect a real good meeting. ' Loed Wilton, who is at present first favourite for the Caulfield Cup, takes his name from the English peer whose biography we publish m another column. The Earl of Wilton won the Doncaator St Leger of '72 with Wedlock, by Lord Clifden, who was the rare of lngtop, the dam of our Lord Wilton. Mb. Walter j. Claeke's chesnut .. gelding Socket who, ridden bv Callanan, at the National Agricultural Society's ; Show, failed to obtain a situation, fared better in Sydney on Saturday last at the Agricultural Show there. Bocket, ridden . .. by Mr. Thomas Watson, a son of the " Prince of Starters," was victorious in the Tribune Plate. Mr. j. m. Toohey's Monte Carlo was second, and- the Hob. ; - - j. Bales' Myrtle third. - ' During the interval between the ' Steeplechase and Selling Bace at Moonfee Valley on Saturday, Messrs. W.-' g! Yuille and Co; disposed of Oculist, Sale- ; , - yards, and Spero. The former wen'tp. Mr. p. Kelly for 90 .guineas, whilst mri d. Warner got Saleyards and Spero at 40 and 30 guineas respectively. At the Moonee Valley meeting. ' on Saturday, Olds, the rider of Pyrette in - the September Stakes, was suspended ... until, the 30th of next month for dis obedience at the post, and .several other :: jockeys were cautioned. The. owners of Violet and Ariel were fined £5 each for, " latescratching. Two ' Caulfield. Cup candidates, .in Lucky Hit and Clarendon, started in the Spring Stakes at' Moohee Valley on', Saturday, without success. Sporting Tattle. By the Staff. IiORD Sheffield, the president of the Sussex Cricket Club, has secured Alfred Shaw for three more years. » At the departure of the mail the Derby winner, Melton, was a firm f avour- itc for the St. Leger at 2 to 1. a It is doubtful whether Dr. E. ST. Grace will be able to appear in first-class cricket this season, owing to an injured kneecap The quintette of goals obtained by W. Beid for Geelong in the Fitzroy match last Saturday is one of the best goal- kicking feats on record. The English Derby has already been introduced -into tbe London market " 700 "to 100 "has been taxen ana omrco against Saraband, and 2000 to 180 booked to The Bard. # #. # The "Leicestershire Cnpwas won by Corunna, MacMahon being second ana Despair third. Duke of Richmond was the favourite, but Archer failed to do anything with him. # # Paradox has been again appearing in public. He had no difficulty in appro- priating the Sussex Stakes. Hoyal Hampton was second. 7 to i was laid, on the son of Sterling. # Mb. Peck's crack, The Bard, con tinues in his winning career. His Man chester July Plate victory made his fourteenth success, and the value of the races won by him amounts to £7993 9s. F. Archer rode him twelve times, and C. Wood twice. # A wrestling bout in the " Catch-as- eatch-can" style took place during the Melbourne and Hotham football match between Morris (of Hotham) and Morri son (of Melbourne), but it ended in a draw, though the former is a couple of stone heavier than the latter. Many thought that Bbauchamp, the rider of Guardfish in -the Hurdle Bace at Moonee Valley, had received serious injuries, as bom horse and jockey were perfectly motionless for a few minutes; When the horse was shifted its rider was able to get on his feet and walk away. Sport is well-represented in the latest additions to the New South Wales Legis lative Council. For instance, we have Mr. W. A. Long, the owner of the un beaten Grand Flaneur ; Mr. Lackey, formerly handicapper ; and Mr. Moses, father of the well-known Sydney cricketer. # . In the first game played this season between the 'Geelong and Fiizroy Foot- Fall-Clubs, the latter only managed to get <m level ternis a few. minutes before JAp-v aH-ail Saturday, -bow— ever, the positions were' reversed; and it was only by a desperate effort that the - Pivotomans made a "dead heat" of it just in the nick of time. ' \- These .was a grand exhibition of blood stock at the' Hew South Wales. Agricultural Society's Show. Sixteen: horses 1 were shown," all of which, with biit one exception, have raced. Mon- moUth gof the" first prize. Merlin — a New Zealand bred , horse, by Blue "Boy (imp.) from Malice. Sweetmeat, one of the gamest of ,thq eqme—wag highly commended, .and. W foal of :his from Evahgeline took first prize in the section for oolt foals under twelve months old. Trotting horses were well repreBented. . The defeat of the . Essendon at Williamstowh . on Saturday . was as complete as their victory ' when they met the yellow and blacks in the first week of the season. Then they won Ire 9 goals 20behiitds to 87behinds. Tins time they never had the ghotat of -a show for a Html. '- Perhans it Wfcs the "different shape of thb gfound. Brilliant -rnns on V sqaare-shMted field, dbn't sid much; the .ball : sobn ' 'gets . collared, and; the angles sSp nbt so easy for goal- kickers , as they-are on an oval. Marking and anteepid ruck play are the essentials fojtsuiioeuonagaiaztdlike theWilliams- town, and in bom these qnalificatsehs no fault could be found with the yellow and blacks. While outsiders were cropping np at Moonee Valley on Saturday afternoon, the metallic heart was also being gladdened at Canterbury Park, where Boori and Des mond, almost unbacked, ran away with the Flying Stakes and September Handi cap With the exception of Mr. Corne- well'8 Sir Garnet, who won the Selling Eace, the first favourites were all beaten. ID. J . Mayo'b Bavensworth, by Grand master, was unlucky enough to run two seconds at the Canterbury Park races at Sydney on Saturday. In the first event Boon defeated him in the Plying Stakes, and in the September Handicap Desmond proved too much for Mr. Mayo's horse. Batty stood down on Saturday at Moonee Valley in both the Hurdle llace and Steeplechase. The liberality of the Williamstown Boeing Club has been appreciated, as will he seen by a perusal of the entries for the Handicap, which appear in another column. The number (75) is very satisfactory, and the quality is Al. Amongst those nominated arc The Israelite, Velocipede, Grace Darling, Coriolanus, Hippogriff, Country Boy, Kit Nubbles, Stafford, Uncas, Fernlea, The Ghost, Bohemian, Lavington, Black Diamond, Duration, nnd other good ones. A popular handicap is all that is wanted to ensure, a large field and a good race. Boost, by Jlobinson Crusoe — Mgid Marian; was the hero of the Canterbury Park meeting on Saturday. The son of Bobinson CruBOe annexed the Flying Stakes and the Ladies' Bracelet. Boori is not engaged in the. Hawkesbury Guineas, but he is in the A.jTC. Derby and V.B.C. Derby. Besides the Caulfield entries, which close at 4- o'clock on Monday, there arc several important events to attend to. Nominations for the Hunt Club Cup, the Ballarat Handicap, the Handicap Hurdle Race, and the Ballarat Steeplechase, to be run at the Ballarat Turf and Hunt Club's meeting, must be made at the V.R.C. office before 4> o'clock, and at Craig's Hotel before 8 o'clock in the evening. The entries for the Melbourne Hunt Club Cup, of 100 sovs., and the Handicap Plat Race, of 200 sovs., will have to be made at the V.R.C. office, before liTci'tinr im tvit j, j Ownees are again reminded'.that the V.R.C. Sires Produce Stakes, to ha run at the Autumn Meeting of 1889, should be looked to on Monday next. On that day, before 4 o'clock, sires must be nominated with the V.R.C., A.J.C., or S.A.J.C. secretaries, and each nomination is to be accompanied by a promissory note, made by the owner or lis attorney, for £20, payable, on the 1st February, 1889, to the order of the secretary of the Victoria Racing Club. The Warrnambool Racing Club intend holding a meeting on Boxing Day. The programme consists of the following events : — Albert Stakes, 20 aovs. Handi cap Hurdle Race, 35 sovs. ; Boxing Day- Handicap, 40 sovs. ; Junior Stakes, 25 sovs. ; Handicap Steeplechase, 40 sovs. ; Selling Stakes, 20 sors.-; and Pony Selling Race; 20 sovs. . We have been requested, to mention that tbe Ladies' Bracelet to be run at the Ballarat Hunt and Turf Club's meeting is a mile, instead of a mile and a half, as ' first advertised. Ttttt rr„nerfll imtrtos for the Victoria L Amateur Turf Club's Caulfield Cup meet- i j5fvuiCTort will commcnce.witli the Maiden Plate, of 150 so vs., -added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. egcjti. The Hurdle Race, of 100 sovs., follows. Then comes the . Great Foal Stakes, and all horses not scratched for this event and the forfeit of 5 sovs. paid to the V.A.T.C. secretary will be considered acceptors, and held liable for the stakes. The same may be said regarding the Caulfield Guineas. The Australian Hunters' Cup, with its valuable trophies, is sure to be T1 11 Til PrOTlSiy CuLcrCCl lUIj Us IUC LullUiblUlla are reasonable. The last race of the day — the Toorak Handicap, of 150 sovs., one mile — should have a lot of speedy ones edgaged. On the second day . the first event is a Selling Race, oi' 100 sovs. Then come the second Hurdle Race and the Nursery Handicap. The big event of the meeting — the Caulfield Cup — fol lows, and, judging by the number still left in, the field vail be a large oDc. The Open Steeplechase, of two miles and a half, with 200 sovs. added, comes next, and the Windsor Handicap, of six fur longs, with 160 sovs. added, wiR wind up what promises to be the most successful meeting yet held at Caulfield. The Murrumhidgce Turf Club have accepted the tender of Mr. Hardy for the erection of the new weighing, secre tary's, jockeys', and telegraph rooms. The steeplechase course is also to be im proved. The conditions of the SireB and Mares' Produce Stakes and the Derby will be the same as last year. The programme of the Spring Meeting of the Bendigo Jockey Club is such a rich and attractive one that it should command good entries. It will be held- on Thursday and Friday, 26th and 27th November. On the first day sport begins with the Epsom Handicap, of 70 govs.; next comes the Hurdle Race, of 100 bote. The third event, the Sandhurst Cup, is the big attraction of the meeting. It is of 300 sovs., the second horse getting 40 sovs., and the third 10 sovs. out of the. staked The distance . is a mile and : quarter and a. distance. "The Flying .Handicap -.Trot of 75 sovb., follows-;' ttie" last event being the Time Handicap Trot, of 50 sovs. ' On the second day the first event is the Selling Flat Race, of 100 sovs. A Selling Hurdle Race, of 75 sovs., follows; then, comes the Bendigo Handi cap, of 150 sovs., the second horse getting 25 sovs.; and the third 10 sovs. out of the btake.: The Handicap Steeplechase, of -100 sovs., is -the next event, and the Ladies' Bracelet brings the meeting to a oonclnsion. The - nominations can be -. .8 — ,n al. - al- - - jo.y a v u ii uwut? wilu buc BouruuLry ut uie v .A.V. up to 4 o'clock, and the secretary of the BiJ.G. up to 6 o'clock, on 27th October. The annual meeting of the Winchel- sea Racing Club was held on Friday, wnen tbe ualance-sneet snowed tbqt tbe receipts for the year had been £4iS0 3s. 9d.,. while the expenditure, whioh in cluded a debit balanee.of £161, amounted to £651 6s. Id., thus leavinga balance on tbe wrong side of £lB4 2s. 4d. Arrange ment were mode for the meeting on Boxing Day, wheh £290 will "be given as prize money. Mrs. Ghimside has offered a valuable brapqtet, and His. Austin will give anqthttAepti year. Mr. Austin Wfll mve a jjriaeofjllO for the Running High. Jump. l it . Eras resolved to invite jhis Erodlency the Governor to the next meeting.- ) . it was aahounoede month or so since that St. Simon had -been put aside 'few the £10,000 Eclipse Stakes, which wUl be run for at Sandown a year hence. The statement is stigmatised by Troth as pure fiction, as it has been found im possible to train the horse. He is to be relegated to Welbeck, and next season he goes to the stud, his fee being 50gs. St. Simon has never got over his race at Newcastle last summer, which proved as fatal to him as the Manchester Cup did to Isonomy. Thus the vexed ques tion as to which of the two equine saints — Simon or Gatien — is the greater horse can never he satisfactorily settled. Judging by the marvellous case with which he not merely licked but lost every horse he has met, St. Simon must he one of the most brilliant horses the world ever saw. Here is an assortment of interesting relies advertised in a home paper, viz.— " The bridle in which Gladiateur won the French and English Derbies " (?), " a piece of mirror from the wreck of the -Princess Alice,", "a relic; of de Groof's flying machine," " a horseshoe belonging to Tom Sayers" mare," "one of CoL Burnabv's stirrup-irons," and " a piece of marble from the tomb of the Countess of Salisbury, who was chased by the heads man round the scaffold." Possibly they are all genuine, but the fact that Gladia teur did not win the French Derby is not reassuring. Our "Wagga friend, the Claimant, com bines business with pleasure. He has been engaged in a pigeon shooting match in London, against the champion juveni'.- shot of the world. After the shooting " Sir. Roger gave a lecture on his extraor dinary trial and conviction," relating some astounding facts connected there with, \--Lr seems bad" policy for a sportii-g journal to .out " Too much racing," b. this is precisely 'What some of our Eng lish contemporaries are doing at presen. I notice that at the Manchesti meeting four races, worth £3090, brougl out only nineteen runners altogether As compared with the immense fielo. which face the starters at Flemingtoi,, Randwick, and Caulfield, this fact seen: inexplicable, but we manage these thing-: sh'ghtly differently in Australia. They go small fields at home, but nineteen oat c' every twenty start to win. The runner at some of our second-rate meetings fn. qnenUr- number o-=-nt.y and twenty-fivu . of which total probably--fifty per cent are performing that little feat in locomo tion known as "running a bye." An argument cropped up the other day with regard to the pulling powers of on of Mr. Gray's horses, which wai baeke ' to draw eight and a half tons (waggo - included) along Main- street, Clare jsaj . a South Australian paper), the distauc being 560 yards. The time appointed for the feat was Tuesday last, and the loav. after being weighed on Mr. Pink's bridge situated at tbe norfh end of tbe tow: . was drawn on to" the centre of the roa> . The exact weight was found to he 8 ton i 10 cwt. 1 qr. Over 100 people, more c . less excited, assembled to see the star and opinions differed as to whether tl- horse could accomplish its allotted tast but the owner felt very sanguine aboi it. Everything being ready, the crow.- looked on with bated breath. A word c. two from J. Thomas, the prince of team sters, and the noble animal started tb ponderous load, amidst great cheer: , During the journey Thomas pulled tl . horse up two or three times to give tt blow, and many thought that it wouk not try to shift the load again, hut eacl. time the horse responded bravely to th.- onward word. When it had reached it destination fine ivorinern notei; negm; cheers were jfiven ,bv lbe_ srieetat/wi. -vrnat maKes the teat more remarkable i, the fact that between the north and the south end of the street — the direction taken — there is a rise of 11 feet. The horse itself has since been ascertained to weigh only 16cwt., so that it actually drew a load more than ten times its owi: weight up-au incline of I in 153 on a roac that was remetalled only a short time ago. The width of the tires of the wag gon was six inches. We understand that several pounds changed hands over the result of the event. 