Football Notes. By Censor. On. Saturday, May 16, there were (says a New Zealand .eschaEge) no le«a th»n 37 football matches played in and around Uunedii. Theee were matches notified in tbo tewvpapers. At a fair computation there could not have been lesB tbau 7C0 playere participating in the robust pastime. The first match of the eeason between the Waratah and City clubs, at the Kew South. Wales Association game, was played on Saturday in Moore Park. The conteet for the first half was very one-sidid, and when a change of ends Wbs wade the game etood— Waratah three goals, City three behinds. The City h.'.d no chanco white ver with the Waratah representatives, who continued to add to their score, and when time was called the Waiatab bad obtained eevtn gods and nine behinds BgaiuBt eight behinoe obtained by the City playere. The Sydney Club had little difficulty in overcoming tiie newly luimed Weat Sjdcey -team, who were defeatec by three goals to niL The display of football under the New South Wiiles Association rules wac not firut clasp, though occasionally .there were someditpUys which were clever aufl smart. The Newingttm Coliege and King's School met for Ihe first time this season at Kewiogton oa Wednesday last. King's Schojl frtarted down hill, and soon had Newington in difficulties, Bellington running in and eectiring a try for them. Several times Ken ing ton was forced, and it lootett as if Kicg's School would have it all its own way ; but after about 20 minutes' play Kewington made a good rally, ruthed tho ball up the ground, and Wildio obUinea a try. Thus at half- time both Bides had secured one touch. After half-time, with the bill in their favour, the Newingtons entirely altered Uie wpact of affairs, keeping the ball well down in the Kings 25, and eventually won by 9 points to 2. Morris uhT Lut each obtained a try, from the first of which Fallick kicked a goal. For Newington, Mearea, Morris, Booth, tarr, Serisier, Gre?g, Sawkine, and Palmer, and for &.ing*- Thompson, Bettiiigton, Manchee, and Johnson, were mow prominent. _ _ . My Northern correspondent tends me the following mte restinir notes :— ' Since my last letter eeveral importan* matches have taken place- viz.* HewcaeUe Citj Y. Umbtcn a drawn game; LanaWon v. Eapt Sydn«=y; Wallsend v. Warntah, won ewily by Wallmid. Ab I ntsticipated m my lost the WnllseLders were much too strong for tbo Tulips, end tne latter would need to have had a much tUonger team in the fHd than the one which did batlle for them oa \ the 25th ; and I now tip the 'Waiitendere to beat the Wara- i tabs when they meet in Sydney for the return match. Lambton also pave East Sydney a bearing, and a more de cisive odc would have been inflict d bad it not been that the i Jjambton team were wry eriff after their severe struggle with the Newcastle City on the previous Saturday. On Saturday last, the Northumberland Club visited L'.mbton and defeated the local hickisfs by 2 goals 6 behindBto 1 jroal 4 bebinds. This was amoBtexciiingandhard-fougbtKame, the Maitland team only getting the winning gi al five minutes before the call of ' time.' This match was one of the best played under the Australian rules in the ftortb, the players generally phovcing more knowl-jdse of the game than pre- i viously. The Northumberland* displayed marked improve ment on theirTast season's play. For the winners Moore. F. Clark, Lethbrkige, Varley, Tegg, James, and Osborne can ts specially named. Moore, who ie a new beginner, pJay. d np like a veteran, and promises Jo be a better foot baller (ban he is a cricketer. F.-r Lanibtoc Sibley, Row- ' land. Baker, and Croudace deserve special mention.' A new club has boon formed at East Maitland to play the Aus- . tralian game. At the opening meeting about 30 names were gives in. amongst whom are some good players. The club is, therefore, likely to be a success. Thegrent (and, I mijiht eiy, the onh ) objection offered to the Australian rules is the eboving clause. Of course 1 only refer to the Northern district; but from my , experience in football circle* gene rally, 1 know that the same feeling exitts almost all over the colony. In Queensland, ako, the same objection exis s, acd 1 feel confident that if the New South Wales Associa tion would abolish the shoving clause (hey would eoon double (he number of clubs under their banner. The mem bers of the New South Wales team who visited Queensland last year all know the strong objection to thi- shoving busi ness, and it seems strange (o me that none of the team have made a move in the mitter. 1 he association have ignored their own interest by adhering to this clause in the rules.' All footballers will regret to learn that F. W. Baylis is at present confined to his bed through an attack of diabetes. There can bo no doubt that my sot them friend is correct when he s*ys that the shoving from behind is the objection able feature in the Victorian game. It has an unmanly appearance. There is no *? face to face with the foe,'' and an opposing player may watch, his opportunity and t-m-ak behind a man after the ball and fend him headlong to earth. Of course cowardly play is cot often observed, but according to the rules it cranot be prevented. Many friendR of mine who follow the .Rugby game can see many exc-Tent features in the New South Wales Association game, but the ' thov iDg ' business completely obliterates them, and they turn away in disgust and go back to their roneher and more d&ngerous; game. 1 firmly believe that if a clause were in troduced into the rules dating away with the objectionable practice, and a ' littie mark*' was not allows d unless f he ball were caught from a distance of at lenet five yards, the Aus tralian game would become the universal pastime of Aus tralia and even Mew Zealand. A conference of delegates from those colonies whore the game is played t-hould l-o held at an early dale at Melbourne with a view to the alteration of the rules. The Port Adelaide team met the Geelong on Siturday on Uk- Melbourne Cricket Ground. The visitors wombetcsa and, aided by a strong northerly wind, (he}- ki kud two goals to Geelong's one, but it was evident tint when the (atler teun would have th* advantage of the wind the Ports would not have the ' ghost of a chatce1' with the Gee l-;ngeEC So it turned out, ar.d the Po;t Adelaide goal was hotly besieged during tho whula of the last half, four goals being kicked during the attack. The South Australians are reported to havo playc-d very well during the liist quarter of an hour. Geelong; won the match by 5 goals 10 be hinds against 2 goals and 8 Lchinds. Kerley for G ee long, vho kicked two goals, far ou'shoae any other pla3rer in the field for his f kill and a ;tivitv. From Messrs. Trimbla Brothers, of Brisbane, I liave received a very neatly compiled card of the football fixtures for the Brisbane clube. A perusal of the long list shows that the rubust game has many votaries in the Northern capitd. Regarding (he suggested visit of a colonial football team to England, a New Zealand exchange ?»-« : — *? fc'ori-e time ago a gentleman who takes very deep interest in football wrote to England desiring to know how a visit from a team belonging to this colony would be received at home, and he has just received a long letter on thn 6ubjvct from the presi dent of the Ilugby Football Union, lio expresses hu pleasure at the piospect of a visit from New Zeahnd fcot tiallerp, but is afraid that the Ilugby Union of Great imsia vn:i ba tm&Me; to told out *_ pnffic^nt 'inducement to those who contemplate such a (our. Ha is of opinion that tho expense would be fully £3000, and 6ays be docs not believe tuch a large amount could be raised in the way of gate money during a lour of three months or eo in England, Scotland, and Ireland. He mentions that if tbo projtct were carriid into effect the majority of matches would require to be played in Saturdays in ordir to secure the patronage of the public. The letter concludes with the assurance that if the iootbnll onions of Mew Zealand tee their way clem- to s*nd a team to Great Britain, nothing will be left undone by thn Rugby Uuion that will minister to the pleasure of the vititors f rorn the Antipodes.' Another match at Melbourne on Saturday which excited a de»l of interest wus that played between the Hot ham acd ?Carl u,n clubs, wbeu there Mas an enormous attendance. It was a splendidly contested game, the if suit at the cull of time being liofham, 3 goals 12 bell ncls, and Carlton, 3 goals 6 behind*. ' How are the migWy fallen !' The Melbourne Club, once the premier iustitution of Victoria, succumbed l-mt Saturday to the .Richmond, which club has just emerged from the ranks of the juniors. RichirK-nd scored 3 pouls 13 behiuds to 1 goal and 20 behinds obtained by Melbourne. The recent splendid performances of the Eseendon and Filzroy among clubs of Victoria have undoubtedly placed them in the front. Their first meeting, therefore, on Satur day, on (he East Melbourne Cricket Ground, was looked forward to with the greatest interest ; end, derpite the threatening aspect of the weather, there could not have fceen less than 8000 spectators present, fsfeiidon won tne toss, and, favoured with a high wind behind then:, scored 4 goals and 12 behinds during the firet half to Fitzroy's nil. Esseudon, even against the wind, showrd their undoubted superiority, obUining during the second n&H; of (be game 2 goals aud 5 behind* to 2 goals and 6 behieds obtained by Fitzroy. The question of supremacy, then, eo Car, is that Kssendon ho'ds the leaoing position for a few Saturdays since Filzroy and Geelong played a drawn game. The Wallaroo and Arfoma clubs met at Moore Park on Saturday afternoon last, and after a well-contrsted (Tame the former won by two tries (four points) to nil. Mr. Graham led the Wallaroo, and Mr. Kbs^ortb. did like duty for the Arfoma. Arfoma, having won the toi-s, decided to defend the southern goal, thus having to play agaiuet the bill. Zollner kicked off for the Wallaroo, and the forwards following up veil, were on to their opponents* half-buck* before they could get away ; and a scrimmage ensued within the 25 flag, where, after a series of scrimmages snd short runs by both sides, the ball was carried to the centre of the eround, where Logan, getting the ball, mt.de a good run, and secured first try for the Wallaroos. Mear the boundary line, Lee was entrusted with (be try at goal, but although making a good attempt, failed to add to the score. The rest of first half was devoted to runs by Clapin (2), F. Hillyar. Hale, and several other Arfomas, who, in every case, were well stopped by Motitgomerie, Macuermott, THey, LogeD, and M'Arthur, wbile (he runs of Bayli* (2), Fleggf, M'Arthur, Graham, Aid ntfaern, for the Wallaroos, were stopped by Llojd, HUlyar, Tibbie, Jacob, and others. Ends being changed the Arfoouaa, with Che advantage of playing down hill, acd the Morsuiids well pumped, thought they could well turn the tables and wipe off the two points ecored against them, but they were mistaken, as all their rushes and runs ended in the arms of the Wallaroo naif-backs, vho were tackling splendidly, as were the Arfoma half backs. It was only through the bad judgment of libbits in OwowiDg the ball oat from bound* before hii f onr&rdj; were up tbst Graham, who is eve-r oa th» watch for mis takes, secumd the second try for the Wallaroos. Lee again tried the kick at goal, but again failed. Time was cUled shortly afterwards, the ball being ia th* c=-utre of the ground. Messrs. Caird ai:d n. Hillyar acted as umpires, and Mr. Manchee es referee, end gave every satisfaction. The following were the names of the r-spective teams: — Wallaroo : Back, Tiley : half-backs, MAnhur, M'Dermott, and Lee; quarter-backs, H. and F. Fligg; for«F»rdi-, Iiayl is (2), Wade, Graham, Gilmour, Stontgomrie, Logan, Hungerford, Zo Iner. Axfomas: Back, Tibbits; half backs, Lloyd, A. M. Clapin, and Jacob; quarter- La'ks, F. Clapin, Laing, and F. Uilly.ir; forward*, Lbswortb, Kana (2), Bloomfield, Thompsoa, Cutler, Hale, and Pern*. The first match between (he representatives cf King's School and Grammar School was arranged for Saturday afternoon, but on account of a rifle niatca the first fifteens had to ' cry off ' their match, aad consequently more tbau usual interest attached (o tbe contest between the second teams. The game was played «t Parrara -tta, end proved an uncommonly fast and level one. The King's School team is the heevier, and k»-pt bitter on the Lai! tbau their op ponents, but tho Grammar School b-iys are faster and played with ruore dash and judgment. At 3-15 sharp the ball was Marled by the local captain, but was quickiy returned, and ViatsoD, Ly a pretty run, g it Grst (ouch for tbe Grammar S hool. Aft^r eoine fast play down tbe centre the ball was forced to the visitor's end, acd Uut^hins made matters even by scoring a try for tha King's School, btarted again, and' after some heavy scrimmaging M'Kinnon got (he ball in land, end by a plucky dash secured a touch, from which Wilkinson, by a neat kick, secured firtt goal tor tbe metropolitans. Shortly afterwards Lucan fuiced bit! way through the Grammar bucks ai_d i-c-:r-:d second try for tbe locil team. Imme diately utter half- timp, Lewis scored a third touch f jr the Grammar team, and Bettington squared the s:ore by kick ing a goal for the Kicg's School. From this to th's finish the play was fast and tough, aud just before time was railed J. Betting ton made the run of the day and scored fourth touch for the Grammar School who thus won a well-fough game by two points. For tho King's Schwl, Bettingion ton (captain), Lucan, Hutchins, and Mooie did h«?avy work, while on the side of the visitors, Kinro-s, M'Kinnon, Wilkinson (captain), White, and Cooper fought like very Trujans. Tbe Rtdfern and University clubs played their opening match under Gardiner Cup rules on Saturday. The former club hivo bad^eir ranks strengthen^ by several new men, notably Paxton, Dojle, Tanner, and Waipa — the Uni versity team being almost the same ae laet season's, saving the absence of H. lunge and Hakcr fio.n the iorwArdu, and for the changes «mong the backs, Iin} lie's plai'e being filled by Maransh, while M'Taggart, Wiseman, and Barnes filled the p'ac.'s of Pope, Flynn, and Eeegling, the former two of whom are not pitying this ?e»son. rJ'wo40 minutes' spells were played, and from tbe rtart, which was made at 3.20, the match was most evenly contested. The ball wan &et; in nation by Sbaw, and at the firet rush tho 'Varsity forw.^ids carried it dowa to iiedftra lines, where a narrow shave resulted in a force- down, from the kick-oil from 25 yards tbe Kedfcrn men tent the ball well down among the University backs, and thence till half-time ibe leather workfd to and fro, (he Redforn b*cks repeitedly stopping the attacks of the University forwards, who played with coLsiderablc spirit, ani forced thiir opponents dotvn on several occasion?. Half-time was called with no advantage to either side. After considerable difficulty in clearing the ground of the onlookers, wbo mustered to the number of 20!.0 or 3000, Cleeve kicktd off for Iiodfern, and from a bad return a touch-down neatly resulted, the bali being carried into touch, Bennst and Doyle here playing io splendid form, the former ,makit;g several brilliant runs ; while Macansh, the University full-back, despite hie lack of weight, repeatedly repelled tlw attack of the opposing half backs. The University forwards, however, again put th- ir backn into it aud by tome goul dribbling, aided by a couple of smart runs, again brought the bill tear Rtdfern C'.al, where Hunprfoid made a fice but ineffectual sbot at the goal, a force-down resulting. Thence to tbe finish the game was contested most vigorously, no score resulting for either side, and mention mav be particularly made of the (iuo de fensive play --t the Redfern bucks, which was greatlj ^upetio to that of their opponents and repeatedly pulled their eide outof difficulties. When pressed towards the clo^e of the game Walker particularly excelkd, and never played better in hiB lite, while Bennet, Cleave, and Tanner also showed excel lent form, and frtquentiy cudan^ered their opponents' goal-line. 'Wood and Hungerford, half-backs, showed good play for University, though not in anything like their best form, while tbe University forwards made some brilliant ruches ia which Baibour, S wee I laud, aud Neil showed out particularly well, aud worked (he bull up de detern;inedly when pressed, their dtibblng bnng better than that of the Kedfern men, who were, however, slightly their superiors in weight, Clement* and Paxton ££::£ flvsi ce.Ti'je for tht-ir M'de. The ensroaehment of the crowd put a step to furiw' p~7 STno ruinutfs before time was up, the game terminating at a quarter to v in s. draw, neither i-ido having scored. Eedftrn waB forced down four times, and University three times. The Wara-ah and City played thiir firM; match under tho Association mles on Saturday laet, the abdvenientfoaed miasuring their strength, the result boing Kiinfwbat in favour of the fomu-r, who scored 7 goals 10 behinds to thtir opponents' 8 behkds. Tbe play wa* of a moist even ntture, though tho scores make it lo--k otherwise. H munt be said that had City had a lull team (he game would have been much closer. Mitchell and HeJgcr were tbe reppec Jive captain*. The players wlr.) uere co»i»picu'-us were: G. Foster, Rounseved, Evans, Fleming, and Barton; Le Revue, Foloy, Hedger, llowell, and Pattieon. A match was played on Moore Park on Wednesday last betwem the Sjdney High School and Ro}ston College, which reuulted in a win for the High .School' by 9 points to 4 For the winners M'Mananifey obtain^ two tries, but tho attempt* to convert them into 'goals proved unsuccessful. Wickbam also spcured a try, from which a goal was scored. The collating of T. Bmughton, playicg h^lf-ba ;k, was ex cellent. A. II. MacTftggart and A. M . Eedy, playing back u.d quarter-bsck respectively, did some useful runs, and were well backed up by the forward*. For (he losers. Princeps, Black (1 try), Merrick (1 try), and Wright playad very well. The Summer Hill v. Victoria House football clubs met on Saturday, at Moore Park, aud a pleixant game ended in a decisive victory for 'he former by 17 points to nil. Touches were obtained for Summer Hill by Messrs. Wilson, Liggiuc , Wood, Maeguire, Crossing, and Taylor ; and for the lowers Messrs. Hearst, Snell, Boutcewell, and Toming played well. The Balmain Wellington and Imperial Clubs met -m Saturday Aitersoon laet at North Shore, and the result was a decisive victory for the Wellington*, who scored 27 points to their opponents' nil. The score would have been much larger, bui for the bad goal kicking. Cosh obtained three trie*, T. Fia*-er two, and Creer, W. Deane, Perkins, and W. BtJbridge nnn each. Arm it kicked two goals and T. Fraser one. For the Imperials Rev. Mr. Charhon, Ingle, Berry, and Drake played well. A game, under British Association rules, was played on Saturday l«st between tho Caledonian and Canterbury teams, at Canterbury. The finger* lost (he tons, but after 10 minutes' play they aesertfd their mperiority by kicking the first goal, and added three more to their credit before ' the ca.ll ot half-time. Th« oecond half only eervei to demonstrate the superior skill of the visitor*, who pbiced five more goals to their credit. Just before the termination of play the Canterbury men came with a grand ru*h, «nd ecored their firrt and only poal, thus leaving the Cale donians the victors by nice goals to one. The game between the Newtown and Bilmain ended in a draw after an exciting contest, neither side kicking a goal, Tbe Burwood defeated the Ft. Leonard* club by 9 points to nil. A. R. Grainger, playing fur the latter, had bis collar tone dislocated. On Saturday last tbo Ro*eda1e F. C. met the Albion F. C. in friendly rivalry at Rusheuuer's Bay, and aHer a some what rough and exciting game the Bosedales won by 2 points (1 touch) to nil. H. Black, J. Tibby, Cropiey, and Dwyer played well for the victors ; while fitce, Even, and Fry did like service for tbe loseta. The Sydney High School and Queen's School met for the fint time on SatauUj last, Then the High School team (which is a good all -round fifteen} inflicted a ^reis: ve cTereat on their opponents by 12 pimis to ml. M'ickh*in, Casey, aud Eedy, each obtained a Uiuoh-down, two of which were con verted iato g'.als by Thomas. MacTaggar', v.kr- in captain of the High School team this season, also played in excellent form. OurBathurst correspondent telegraphed oo Saturday : — A football match was played here to-dty, between '? Our Boys ' team and a team, from the Bathurat Fo »tbiJl Club. The game was close acd exciting all throngb, and no score mace till within 20 minutes of tbe end. when Flynn, for Bathurrt, got a touch, and Q. Read kicked a goal. The gape, which heretofore had btea {.-l«jed is an excellent spirit, then became noisy, and several dispute* occurred. After some fierce ssrimmsging, Bathurst were forced buck, end were compelled to touch down : but Our Buys claimed a touch, which was allowed under protest, whf n FUh kicked and failed to 6core, but their umpire declared it a goal. This I3a*hurst refused to allow, an4 Our Boya' captain appealed to their president, who Paid that it was no goal, allowing (he touch to be correct, Bathurst won the match bv 5 points to 2. - ' Our Quiriadi correepocdent telegraphs -h*t a local foot ball club has been successfully iuauguratid, and challenges have been received froin-the Murrutuidi and Guanedah clubs. Out Bgtbarstcorreapondent telegraphed oa Wednesday :— A football match was played on ground near the railway elation to-day, between teams repte*enticg Our Boys and. the Western Warehouse Football Club. Tbe Dumber of good players was not strong on either side, but a very ex -iting game was witnessed. The warehousemen secured tb.re* touches, which were obtained by 11. Shdlier, James Webb, and P. Ford, nni thus beat their oppor.cn's who got. one touch obtained by Ruodnll. Pnn^iptlly owing to a want of knowledge of the rules the game was somewhat rough at times, bat several of the man played a good game. Our Adelaide correspondent telegraphs that on Tuesday afternoon, a team of footballers, inctudicg several good players, met a team of the aboriginals now on a visit to Adelaide, on the Adelaide Oval. The aboriginals *cored 4 g^le and 9 behinds, and the local team (tha Wanderers) 3 goals and 7 behinds. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs that the results of the football matches played on Saturday are as follows : — Eeeend'in, G goals, against Fitzroy, 2; Port Adelaide, 2, against Geelong, 5 ; Richmond, 3, aqainst Melbourne, 1 , Carlton against Hotbam resulted in a draw ; and South Melbourne scored 2, against the University, nil. . Football is in full swine: at Bathuret, and several good games have been played. The Arfomas (a 8\dney club) met the B. F- C. on tho cricket ground, and an excellent match waa the reeult. The visitors were in very fair form, and pl»yed so well that at half-time only a touch had been scored by the Bathurst team, who, however, ia the second part of the contest, added considerably to their t-til, winding by 15 points to nil, the score being made up of five touches and a goal. '1 be B. F. C. also played a match against another locnl club. Our Boys, and beat them, after a close game, by five points to nil. There will be a most interesting encnun'er to-day ct Bur wood between the first fifteens of the Redfern ar.d Burwood clubs. Each side will send its strongest team into the field ; therefore there should be a fine display of the game. On next Friday night a smoke concert will t-ike place at Rainford's Hotel, unier the auspices of the Redtern club. Quite a galaxy of musical talent will assist, and a p!c^ant evening may tafely be predicted. The British Association game is tlosdy but rure.lv gnin ing adherents ; ia Sydney last season there were only two clubs plaving the dribbling game, but now there are no less than five! A new football club under the Rugby rules has been fojnied at Broughton Creek, with many pro^p cts of en couragement. 1 understand they have invited the Redfern mm to play theai a game, and no doubt Wijiker and his merrv band will uot hesitate excepting the kind offer of tho Creekites to pay the expense* of tho visiting tctui. Mr. R. A. Wairen has been appointed delegate of the club on tho Southern Bug by Uuion. A committee meeting of the New South Wa'es Football Association was h^ld on. Monday evening last, at the Cambridge Club Hotel, most of the New South Wiles associated club3 being represented. A large amount of correspondence was read and received, tbe most important being from tbe Queensland Ass ciatijn in reference to the proposed intercolonial matches, to be played in Sydney during the ensuring season. A f ter tousiderable difcuneion the matter was adjourned till next meeting to allow of the hou. secretary making tbe nece-saiy enquires as to the grounds, &c; . Communications were al.-o rctoivtd intimating formation of new clubs at Taree, N*:r*t.dera, liist Msi?l«nd, %dney City, and West Sjduey, a,cd apply ing to ba brougfct under the N. S. W. Association, i lie Wagga and Alhury clubs al?c Irqaested representa tion on the Association. Considerable progress has been made by the Association tviuo last season, already the number of subscribing clubs bave increased to 15 —and there are yet other clubs in the fouthern, south western, and northern districts still unrepresented. Tho liquidation of the Association debt was discussed, and it was dt-cidid to hold a smoke concert, an influential Bubcoru uiittee being appointed to make tho necessary arran-?e:Q-nts. After the transaction of a considerable amount of routine work the meeting terminated. The bookmakers, of whom, says ' Forward ' (in the Otngo Witness) I regret to say, there were several on the ground, lost heavily by the match. They haveevidtntly found that tooibill is cot a paying game, for last week they backed the MoUecillo Club against the Pirates and lost. Ot course they thought the Dunedia team was suie of a beating ftom \ the Pirates after the form displayed in the previous uialche«, and they backed heavily with the view of making up for their previous week's iosiDga. Alas for the wisdom of Dunodiu b jokuiaktrs ! No one will be eorry that thoy bave burnt their fingers. Footballers, I am sure, will ba glad, for i hern is very little of the mercenary spirit in connection with their favourite gauie, and the majority of them wou'd not be sorry to see betting ttbolishedalt-gether. Football coeds no betting to keep np its popularity in Dunedin. Rugby i Dla- ers here have always been quite content to play for tbe love of the game, and a challenge cup recently offered to the Rugby Unit n by a well-knjwn fancy goods firm was de clined'with thanks. « 