English and Foreign. j The death is announced in London of Mrt. : Lowell, wife of ths American Minister. The British flag has been hoisted at Point : Hamilton, on one of the Goreau Islands. M. de Brisson has succeeded in forming a j Ministry in France, and succeeds M. Ferry. Nearlv 3,000 coal miners in the district of . Mons, France, have struck for higher wages. -The construction of new railways through j the Pyrenees has been agreed upon by France j and Spain. I The number of immigrants who arrived, in the. United States during. January I&8t : amounted to 7 800. , An International Exhibition of .Industry Science, and Art is to bs heid ia Edinburgh, j in the summer of 1886. j The laud of the new wing of the London i 'Stock Exchange, whioh hasjuss bsenformally. ' i m : u f . opeueu, guBb xi nu mtu : i El JMahdi is in trouble, and his troops have | been badly beaten by the insurgents who j deserted his staudard at Khartoum. j I The death is announbed of Mr. Hotehkiss, an American gunsmith settled in Frahoe, and ; the inventor of the " cannon revolver." Messrs. Lucas and Aird, the contractors for the railway line from Suakin to Barber, ' are rapidly, pushing forward with their, wprk. i It is stated that the proposals made by the International Commission f or the Improve meat of the Suez Gaual are -estimated to post 2lO,OOOl<WOIraik»,«- . ;X - r , j Au important Addition has bsen . niade tp the German navy by. the launching of -the | Alekhndriyy which represents a novel type of.4 fast:cruieer corvettes. A project is anncunoed of tuuneliiog' Mont Blanc, hotwithstandio the 'fact that H it .will cost £3 200,000, tke eight years time, and be the fourth tunnel route into Paly. ..j , The " Camelry Corps" was a name given ; at first by way of a joke and as a play upon ' the words " Gavahy Oorps," but " Camelry Corps" has now become the accepted term j in tne oouaan army. i The bust of R jberfc Burns, in marble, by Sir John Steel, to be placed in Westminster Abbey, is now finished. It is the outcume of a shtliing subscription amongst Scotchmen in all parts of the world. Tbe death at Paris is anuounoed of &lrs.; Milder -Gibson, at the age of seventy- one.' She was the widow of the former president of the Board of Trade and bad for many years resided chiefly or wholly in Paris. ; - - Three thousaud: horses die eaoh week in London. Their carcases are purchased by a company which. delivers, meat. for cats and dogs to many thousands of customere. There are 700,000 oats in the city. " A physician haS been trying' to count the hairs on the human head. He quotes .'the average number of hairs per equate inch at | 1 065, and estimates about 128,000 hairs for the entire head as a geueral rule. . - , Chilled iron is the most impenetrable of all matals. Ia warfire it is. "the only sure; defence against the heavy modern guns A ftlftte of nhilleit irnn innv hfi thin ennno-h to be shattered, but never penetrated. Amongst the recent gifts to the Dover Museum was a feacherad cloak belonging to the former king of the Sandwich Islands. It f waei also seated that an effer or £1000(1 had ; been recently made for a si miiar garment. - j Mr. H. M; Stanley arrived in Brussels and/ had an audience of the king recently. The " MouvemsntGeographique " aau mnoes that ' Mr. Stanley will succeed Colonel Sir Frmcje ' De Winton as Governor General of the' Congo' , Bute. \ As the result of a private confereoqp at th® Mansion House, the Laid Mayor hee issued an appeal to the public for funds id assist families rendered destitute ia various parts of the metropolis through depression of trade. . , " " It is reported from H ;hg Kong that the German warship Elizabeth had thirteen men killed by natives while she was engaged in carry ing out the German annexation policy ia Si.'vi G'aioea, Ne-v Ireland, and' New -Britain. - v ' At a 'pubUo coaferer cs in Liverpool, desola tions were jpaesed ' rging that the large numbers of the iineutployed demanded the 'serious ehnHderstibu A the couiitry', and sag- t ee'iviy ; ii V - Governa-fnt should formulate & gysirti of -Uiii.-aiofe'1 - oiigratiou, A. properlv devt- kp- i, full grown man, weigbiug i54«n., ought, accord lug to Pre- ? of 7,000 firaius ' 6 Op graiui >pl . buttor, ffindppp M : water. . i - -> BirJames Hanuen.lngrantinga petition fobthereetitution of conjugal rights, said he ' waJt 'hapy that heF bad tfo fobfekr tbe power to compel; a hasband and wife .to , live together.bat if they could not agree, the, wife must allow the husband : part of her income. Some idea of the valne of mnsio-hall pro perty in London may be formed from the fees that besides becoming responsible for a yearly ground rent of £3<XK), the proprietor of the Nsw London Pavilion baa to psy £20000 for the privilege of erecting that building. _ ; , A tunnel nearly a mile long, has ben found on the Island of Sambs, built eentories before tbe Christian era, and used to Supply the old seaport -with drinking water. Small ; pipss for the water are laid in the . tunnel, | each open on the upper ride, bo that it ppuld i be cleaned. . , ,, . j It is stated that the two brothers Rothschild ' at Fraukfort-on-the-Maine have reoenUy ; declared their -incomes for; the purpose of j taxation. Ths elder brother, Baron Msyr r i Karl/has set down his revenue at 4 560,000m , and that of the yonhger brother, BarOtt Willy, ' is' pat at -4,758,000m. . The Salvation Army announce a new scheme of campaign for use in oountry towns and villages, where there are no public buildings. A number of waggons are being built. They aw to be called forts. aad manned by cadets and officers, who will perauihulatethe country in them. Iu the textile trades there are great com plaints of the .- gloomy outlook for labour. Although no organised movemeut is made, yet manafao-arers are dealing with their men as Jthsir separate circumstances or interests may dictate, end in most eases short time is being enforced, with here and there red uc- ; tiens. - " . ' M. ie Molioarl, the well-known French, politisal economist, haB suggested |hat- in., view of the protectionist policy of the. United States,; Germany, Franca, and Russian it ! might be advisable to Jmk together tbo fres- trade , ooantries— England, Belgiuoi. aijd Holland — by a ca&toms; union like the German ; Zollverein. ' - ! Lloyd's " Shippmg Gazeite," in a recanV issae, had a long alarmisfc article oh probable climatic effroVof the catting bf . tst. Isthmus of Pah am a Oainal.'and thttkoiterfixig the Golf Stream. It aws the picte of a, reindeer again being jhuptedbh .the Riviera, and tbe walrus playingon the ice wall around, itotnhbited.EDgland. ' . v ' , . . w -i - J jf»ma©rif Me IjOuib. voarcu lap 1 dicd en '20th February, One of nm, most; memorable J Vxpedrtidhs was the voyage- in, | l863 from Paris to HanbverV wfli the Gajct ! of which Nadar was the captain, and,; which | had Th very perilous -dascpnt., Dqring he sige of Paris, Godard Accomplished Jw veral I serial ascents for the\Gbvrinpient of Jhe' | Defence. A disoovery has rsoently been made, at | Hitchin, ; Herts, of extensive remains of a I Roman dwelling. Its ;xistenoe has long bjEen suspected from; the fact that- coinB brioks, and pottery had. been tu r n ed up _byr thk' 'plough. ' Excavations revealed, a rodtri I irithteseUf ed pavement, several ooirisof the d ate 3 10 x.D.with a large qdantity of broken "pottCry. ; '.-.TJ-:.,. .v :A: .-The .chrysanthemum — t he. national -flower Af'jSpan-Uie honoured every year by a special i imperial Chrysanriiemuiri garden party in- the' ! palace ; grounds at Akasaka, which has I raeently been given by the; Mikado. The i chrysanthemums; there ; /.are fcrn equalled ! throughout the woridi and some of tbe planis ' display from £75- to 430 fuiiy-developed j,blos8oms.at jitime 1 , . . -5, > . Denmark spends - £11,090 annually for agricultural teaching. There are dairy | schools bad 'schools in agricqlthre. 1 "Tm- - ' proved mefehoda areJtaken hp by every Dane; ; > from the king down to the humblest farfeer. I The consequence, is. that- this little, .cold. ' barren' country is . able to export ;largA 1 numbers : of . excellent cattle, .quautiUe8 of ; farm, and daury produce, wuile the producers ! are thriving and comfortable. An amusing rnoldeat in connection with ! the polioe preoaution8 at thh London Law ; Uourta happened some weeks ago. Que of the, judges was. stopped at the entrance .in Oaryi street, and requested to mio w the -policeman- i the contents of his bg. His - lordship | at mine, acquiesced, and was then allowed to i enter the building, having' beelf previously 'assured th»t all ba 'weiis wmrbhed. -» « - - --- | A curious suit has justheeo tried at Paris. . M. Boubyer, & journalist, has . claimed: 3,000- I fraoos diiuiagei from thiee doctors who had' ! treated him in an hospital, and had SucoeeB- i full? performed an operation without Bis1 ' consent' ''TheddotOmphtin a counter claim ' for 3,OOQ frarids /kaohlfor. the . Unncesaay imndyknoe to which thqy hd :e.h.putA dud . the oout gaye jadgment in their fasour. \- Tnet right to collect the bones, or nets of bread, coffee grounds, ffish water, efe, from : the bakeries, barracks, markets, and 'other buildings hndeir the BUpervisidh of tbA? Minister ' «f SW ar :: in thh city of Paris; . 'is atindally- sqI to thp 'biddori ; t bbdughtiibisyesir , j,2 hdt .jtji? eacoei?fql biddbf wUrdp-wraciogtor .if diligently worked/hiB privilege is worth £2,000 jdajr. ! Amongst the despatches from General ! Gordon which haVe oeme info thb possession of oor milifcary autfaorities iri figypt, we - understuna that i'lete is one in whioh the gallant, general e xulams the. reasons which/ | led him to despatch Colonel . 13 fe wdrl atf d jj(i« V j Power on ' the errand which terminated "so.; fatally. If we are oprrectiy Informed, the purport of this dispatch was that he had determined to send a way his companions in: r arms because he deapairedat last-ot-aay . ' help coming .from the British Governmeni, and heckuse he wished fo give tbem/a chance1 i of Baring their lives. - j - .j Angma -goat raising is proving quite a lucrative business ia Texas. ; . Among the curiosities collected by the Al&rka; Fur Company is a salmon which in life weighed 1301b. A public indignation meeting was held in P«ojfe|om skating rinks. _ / ' P. Victor dl And" s party have ' ' heen at PaBama examining she canal, and they prbpounce tbe,prpgre«s mado. with its oonStrubrion to be satisfactory. ' ' Setwe fighting is reported from 8ouh America bet ween Guatemala and the republic pf San Salvador. ' fn a baftle feughl; recent! Don Barries, the president of Guatemala was killed. ' The EpiBCopalians of Charleston have terted a Gbaroh Burial Asaooiatioo, in whioh tbemembership -costs a dollar - a year, and insures; a hearre, coffin, carriage, and grave in case : of death. r There ste at present sixteen locomotive works in the Ubltel Statee, says the ' Boston Advertiser, " besides tbe shops owned by the railroad Companies. Fire men can turn oat en engine in -a year. r . tn a Michigan penary trial it came out that the prisoner had uplifted his left hand instead of the right' in miking oatli to the lie, supposing that thereby he exculpated himself from > legal tekohslhility Seme of Terre HaUte's young men foand amusement io grabbing the materialised form of a spirit, in dark teance, and then turning on a powerful lantern, which dig. closed the medium costumed for tbe idle of a -ghost; v.' . \- - RmaiiI liimiinm in TlHnnia am Ia »k. .or . that a liqaor seller oansdt shield himself behind, the plea that he did hot know his customer Wae drunk bt a minor, but he must -.know -that he is sober, -or of age, as the case may bej : A girl in Kuoxvills was stmok in the face by her lather. The blotr Was light, but it was the ft»t she had ever received from him, and -wMae «td), Jher sweethejtrt was present. She fell ill thit same day, .sank steadily, during % year, And is now dead. Th© deepest gold mine in the world, says the " AJta. Uallforriik," Is the Eorska, in -California which is down 2,290h., or 503ft. below the level of the aea.; The deepest silver mine is the . Mexican, on the Oom- stockj which is down 3,300ft. \- A New Tojrk telegram reports that all the Uhtnese .were lately- sxpelled frpm Eareka, in Gmiforni qnd/that the Chinese Govern ment intends to make. the expulsion an mternatibnal matie?v and will claim an indemnity from the Unitsd StstM. . The jaiM of the ottrloas ink plant of New Granada requims ; preparation before being used for writing. The colour , is reddish When first, applied tq paper.bnt soon bacomss a deep blaok, which, is .very durable. This ink is now nsed for public records and dooa- nuiili 1 V Wbo oWryi a" prescription, after it has onoe been fi lied— the physician, the patient, or the apothecary ?- The queSrion came op in a Uonnscticutliquor4iase, wherein an order for half a pintcf gm has bceo duplieatsd many limes, andibe excise officers wish to panieh .somebody1 -,i n.'V The rabbis of New York oomplain that while there -are at > least -,60,000 Hebrews in that city, the synagogues are deserted, and they preaob to empty' btmehes. 1 It is pro- posed> to -have' tiertfee ohHe Uhrisriau Sabbath for those who hegleottheaynagoguss on, the Jewish Sabbath. ' Far put at sea, along both the Gulf and AtlanMo ; coasts of ' Florida,' says ' the " Savannah <Ga.) News," are several springs of fresh water. They are well-koown %o the spongers "and fishermen, Who'freq;aent vixit them4o replenish tfieir wAfer casks. Oa this same obast Is. an oil Apring, whioh diffusa a OahCPOVer doubled water&JMul; afforoa a safe refuge to snufi tpsseis duriBga gale, A. mew. horpeshoe -is npw. being made in America. It' is rin two jpprts, the upper designed - remaia Mtmaoently upon the foot, wbme irWill laat fpr ah indefinite time, as WO wecAhomes up£n it ; the other, that ; Whieh con tains -the corks, and whioh is joined to the Uppsr ie au liogenieus manner. The V>w bislyes;of dhQishoesaxe interchangeable -r-ArV oothB. for. ice weather, cod dull ones f jrheavy draught hhrses, or 'they maybe removed ebrireiy iit 5 might t prevknt injury to the animal white m thwetall. 