CURRENT TOPICS. The list of contributions received by the Camperdown branch committee to wards the erection of a monument in Mel bourne to tho memory of the late General Gordon, is published in another column. Tho sum of £21 ls\Gd has been already received by the hon-trcasurer. Mr. J. Walls, which include* the handsome amounts nf £10 10s fn>m Mr. J. L. Carrie, of Lam, and £3 from Mr. Thomas Shaw. Circulars have been' issued soliciting con tributions, and subscription lists have been received from the central committee in Melbourne, and are in the hands of the hon. secretary for distribution. The col lectors will shortly make an active personal canvass of the town, and altogether it is hoped that the contributions to the general fund from this dint net will amount to a very respectable figure. As already stated all contributions will be acknowledged through the proas. - - W» learn that Dr. Taylor, the eminent geologist, who is at prc-ent on a visit to Victoria, will be in Camperdown next week. He lectures at Hamilton on Thurs day and Friday, and will then travel in this direction. He will b« the guest of Mr. Thomas Shaw, of Wooriwyrito, for a few days, and subaeqih-mly of Mr. James Dawson, of Rennyhill. Wo have no doubt that in this nait of the colony, where traces of therolc.inic action of past ages are so abundant, Mr. Taylor will find an ample field for his rcsearche". Tho geologist has recently been delk'htin!; lar«e audiences in Melbourne with his lectures, the subject of nhich ho has madH a life sluJy. It is statt-d that Dr. Taylor would bo glad to deliver one of his popular lectures in Campvrdown, and it would be a nmlter for sincere regret if ho were allowed to drpart without arrange ments to ihat effect being completed. The half-yearly meeting of the Hamp den Tent 1.0. R., No. 45, was held on Monday orening at the Temperance Hall, Manifold street. There was a far attend ance of members. The •lection of oflicers for the ensiling half-year resulted as follows :-P.C.K., Bro. A. Henderson ; C.R., Bro. A. Walls; D.K., Bro. J. Matthews; secretary. Bro. J." Dillon ; treasurer, Bro. J. Kerr. Br«. Thomas Bhaw and Andrew Henderon wcie unanimously chosen to represent the Tent at the Jubilrtj Conference of the order to be held in Melbourne in August. Th« receipt* for the ofening Mounted to £18 'Smart <*■(«•■ W»e lam wia m the time table* on the rations lines by Uss railway authorities, which will take, effect on and after to-day. Thoeo affecting the truing in tho Western district generally are as follow :—The proeont 4.25 p.m. for Hallarat will leave Melbourne at 4.15 p.m., wliilo the tr»in now departing fioni BalUrat at 3.55 p.m. in In bs changed to 4.15 p.m., arriving in Melbourne at 8.30 p.m. The afternoon train from Csmper down will start 6vo minutes rarlicr, viz., at 1.50 p.m. Tho train now leaving Gec lcing at G. 40 p.m. for QnecnFcliff will depart at 0.35 p.m.. whilo thn train start ing from Quectiscliffat 7 a.m. forGcclong is to depart at G. 55 a.m.. and the 5 p.m. train will leave Qu.eenscliffat4.so p.m. The block nf land known as thn Clarendon paddock, about half a mile west of the township boundary, has neon sub divided,'and the allotments will be offered for sale, by Mr. Thornton on Saturday, 11th inst The blocks vary in extent from 2a lr "p to 10 acres, and are divided in such a way as to prove suitable for purposes cf residence. The land in ques tion has a considerable frontage to the main Gwlong and Warrnambonl road, and slopes back to the Port Fairy road. There are six allotments with frontages to the main road, and for these there will necessarily be considerable competition.' The eastern boundary of the land is a private mad, to which nine allotments hive a frontage. These lota vary in ex tent from 3a lr to 9a 3r. It ii worthy of remark that the road is perpetually re served by the original deed.'and when the land as at present subdivided is sold, it may be handed over to tho Sbire Council for public purposes. The plan shows seven blocks of 6a each, and one of 4a 2r, with fronUges to the Port Fairy road. These are termed back blocks, but they comprise tome very desirable land, whilst they are well adapted for building purpose* in con sequence of the view obtained from them of Lake Colongulae. The western bound ary of the whole Mock is a public road, facing which are five blocks of Un acres rnch, and one block of 9a. 3r. 20p. The propoaed line of railway is marked on the plan as traversing blocks 29, 28, 4. 5, 27, 7 and 8. There is a dam on block 27, and a well od block 26. I The land is well known to* people in this district, and it is therefore unnecessary^ to say a great deal about it. The soil is of a very choice description, and would yield abundantly. The present owners of the paddock have cut it np with a view to supplying a lone felt want in this town, viz., suitably sized blocks at a convenient distance from the town for residence purposes. The terms on which tho land are to be sold are ex ceedingly reasonable, and plsce it within tho limit" of the prudent laborer to secure one for the purpose ofmaking a home for himself and family. It might be pointed out that the paddock has been subdivided in such a manner a* to give every block a frontage to a road, thus making it acces sible to tho purchaser. Ax extensive sale of Crown lands in fee simple is gazetted to bo beld at the court houie, Camperiown, on Tuesday, 28th July, to be conducted hy Mr. Frank Allen. Seventy-five lots will bo offered for competition, of which sixty-nine »ro denominated town lots. The salt) will bo advertised in the OirmUU in due course, but in tbe meantime we supply our readers with the following particulars :— The first block to be sold is allotment 2, section 8, eituatc in Baxkly street, Cam perdown, the upset price for which is £50. The second is allotment a, in the town ship of Teranir, bcin£ the site of the Mechanics' Institute and Temperance Hall. Lots 3 to 1C are situate in the township of Port Campbell; lots 17 to 24, in tho township of CtuJsworth, county of Villiers ; lot 25, in the township of Mort lake ; lots 2G and 27. in the township of Struan ; lots 28 to 34, in the township nf Elineamito, adjoining the purchased bind of Mr. Peter M'Arthur; lot 35, in the township of Chataworth ; lots 3G to 69, in the township of Princetnwn. The special lots comprise tho following:—Lot 70, allot 109b, area 80a, parish of Pur rurabetn South, the funnor selection under "Amending Laud Act 1865," of William B«U ; lot 71. allot 8 to 15, sec 13. parish of Colongulae, tho sit« of Sir. W. M'Elwain's soap factory, upset price £64 per lot; lots 72 and 73, allots, land 2, section B, parish of Cobrakilluc, county of Himpden, a former reserve in the River Hopkins known as Billy's Bend, areas 77a. 2r. lp., and 77a. 3r. lp. ; 10t74, allot 2a, parish of W.orndoo, area 5 acres, adjoin ing the purchased land of Mr. O. Lynch, formerly held under section 12, "Amend ing Land Act 1805." by Mr. K. W. Barlow j lot 75, allot 47c. parish of Luang, west of and adjoining Daniel Donovan's holding, area 6 acres. Toeke were three special stock trains dispatched from this diotrict on Monday to the principal market*. The consignment* of sheep from Camperdown wire as follow: —Eight tracks sheep, A M'Lean and Co.; three do., Fisken, Gibson and Co., four Ho., Ryan and Hammond; viz do.. Powers, Rutherford and Co.; six do., E. A. Paterson. From Wretite seven tracks •beep wore dispatched to Fiaken, Gibvm and Co. On Tuesday six trucks of cattle were forwarded from Camperdown to Ettershank and Co.. and three trucks do. from Weerito, to Fiiken, Gibson and Coi There was one special train dis patched last Saturday with iii tracks sheep for tho Australian Frozen Meat Co., Newport. Some time ago it was our panful duty to bring under the notice of our readers, tho destitute circumstance" nf the widow and family of the late W. William*, who died recently at Cobden. We now notice that tho appeal for help was nut in vain, ai help has been accorded to those who stood in such urgent need of it. The latest offer of axristance is from the Snow flake Amateur Minstrels, who announce an entertainment in the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening next. The ratepayers of the Hampdeiuhjre, whose lands are in any way infested with tabbits, will notice that the rabbit in spector, Mr. W. Jones, will attend at th« shire yards on Saturdays only from 12 noon to 2 p.m., commencing from 18th inst., for the sale of prepared phoaphorised oats*' • . - ■ * •, , Some gentlemen interested in the coal prospecting operation! in the Otw»j Ranges vinted the locality la»t week, and were jrreatly pleased with the nunner in which tliiugs are now progressing. It ia thought that the Government should do all in its power in th» matter of snaxging the Geliibrand and of rendering it uaviz able fur small boats, in order to auiit the development of the resources of the forest. A coKKExroMiiurr writes :—Tho anni »cr«ary tin- meeting in connection with the Itiblo Christian Church, Cobden, »as held on Friday evening la»L Notwith standing the inclemency of the weather lame numbers attended, mating it a brilliantVncccss. After th» tea, a public nieftiiiß was held, at which Mr. O. M'Cuiiachy, of Koortrnooloiij;, presided. Tho meeting wan opened by tho choir singing "Oh for a thousand tongues," aft«r which prayer wa< nHvn^d by Mr. Gent. The chiirrnim led ofl by a capital address, which gave an excellent tuno to the meeting, and aildrvs«es wete also given by the Ueva. J. Chenhall, Davis, Geut, Parrot, and Miss Sleep. Mr. Cole contributed a reading, and the mretins was further enlivened by tho rendering n{ several pieces by the choir, Mr. W. Baker presiding at tho harmonium. Never were our church interest* at Cobden looking brighter than at present. The evangelistic initwinn in connection with tho church, conducted by Miss Sleep, has been successful, there being twenty additions to the membership. ' iTlMta. m—st%a#Ll'rtll— ' wattM Om TfOflTM of -UM town sad district thai one Using was wanting in order to make the former of 'eqnal im portance to other towns of its size in the colony. It is gratifying to be able to record that this wnnt has at length been supplied. Camtrardown is now ths for tunate possessor of at least one haunted bouse, whilst a few stray ghosts aro said to have madn their appearance. Haunted houses and ghn«ts, it may be prcmisod, aro always tho accompaniments of prosperity, at leaU they are im>ro frequently heard of in co-ahea<f places than in others not quite So lively. W c have been waiting anxiously to hear of these, things turning up, in ord«r to afford (ho Education Department, the Commissioners of Railways and othor sceptics, another illustration of the ad vancement of tho town, and we must again express our pleasure on learning that in this instance we were not doomed to disappointment. With regard to the haunted houso it is said to possess just the history that would lead people to believe it to b* inhabited by stray ghosts. People who have resided in it testify to unearthly! knocking*, strange movements, and mysterious midnight whisperings. Peculiar looking lights are said to have been observed in .dark rooms. Other phenomena common to haunted houses nave been recorded, but for a full description of these our readers*tore referred to some authentic work ou' the subject of haunted houses generally. The ghosts are mentioned as having been noticed in various parts of the town from Mount Lour* to the cricket gronnd.: They delight, as usual, in frequenting the paths most used by lovers in their nightly walks. ' ' • A coKßnroifD'KT desires to call.the attention of tbe Parliamentary represen tatives for tho district to an obvious anomaly in regard to the Port Campbell mail. It seems that letters posted at the port and addressed to Cowley's Creek, are, carried . through .the - latter place to Cobden, and remain at the post office there until the mail returns from Camperdown. According to his statement, if a letter addressed to a resident at Cowley's. Creek were posted at Port Campbell on Monday evening, it would not reach its destination until the mail returns from Cobden on Wednesday. A letter posted the same day for Cobden, which is twice the distance, would arrive at its destination on Tuesday afternoon. This absurd arrangement if it exists, can be remedied by having mails made up at Port Campbell v at Cpbden, viz., for the intermediate post-offices. ou the lino of service. 'The complaint, we are »ur«, merely requires to be brought under the notice of the authorities to be immediately remedied. • Complaints were made some time ago that no provision existed at the Cam perdown Railway Station for the comfort of those who made use of the gentlemen's waiting room in the early morning prior to the departure of tho Erst train. The matter was brought under the notice of the Railway Commissioners by the mem bers of the deputation who proceeded to Melbourne laat week from this diatrict, and an assurance was obtained that the room would be made more comfortable for occupation. The trophy presented by Mr. C. M'Cabe, jeweller, of Camperdown, to the winner of the Mortlake and Camperdown St Leger, is now on view at the business establishment of the donor. It consists ■if a very hand*ome and missive silver caka basket The inscription reads as follows —"Mortlake and Camperdown St Leger 1885\. Woo by Mr. M. Bourke's Tom by Caliph out of Witch. Presented by C. M'Cabe, Camperdown." Toe severity of the frosts experienced in this district last week was almost a new experience to the majority of residents. As a proof of the intensity of tho cold Mr. T. Stratton, informs us that at his resi dence near Cobden, about a dozen swallows that had taken refuge under the verandah were f roren to the iron covering against which their b%cks rested. They had to be dislodged from their uncomfort able perches with broinu, and they wero then scarcely able to fly. Mb. T. Dodds has courteously placed at oor disposal the particulars of the rain fall at Poliitolet as follows:—The total amount which fell to the end of Jane was 2*67 inches, and the number of days on which rain fell was seventeen. The amount of the rainfall for the year to the end of June was 998 inches which fell during forty four days. Ocnt Cobden correspondent supplies the information that Mr. Tbomsa Shaw, of Wooriwyrite, a member of the Hampdeti shire Council, will be asked to content Villiers and Heytesbury at the approach ing general election. Ms. John Thornton will sell to-day on the premises, under instructions from Mrs. M'Callum, a quantity of household fur niture and effects, and other articles. It was omitted to be mentioned in our report of the proceedings of the deputa tion which recently Tinted Melbourne, that the Minister of Public Work* was in terviewed with reference to a grant towards the cost of snagging the River Oellibrand. The request was very favor ably entertained by Mr. Deakin, who promised to obtain a report on the subject from an officer of the Department .- The reduction in the. charge for tele grams from Is for ten words to Gd, for six words will come intooperation to-day. The Telegraph Department hare made exten sive arrangements to meet the new system, on the basis of an estimate that the reduc tion in the tariff will result in an increase of 30 per cent, in the telegraphic business. The main lines to Ballarat and Sandhurst have been 6tted with Morse quadruple! instrument*, by which means their carry ing capacity has beep increased by nearly 300 per cent. Additional wires have been erected between Seymour and Shepparton, and Castlennino and Maryborough, to give KrcaUr facilities to the former* and other residents nf those districts. In order to accommodate an increased metropolitan business additional wires have been erected from the cutral office in Elizubeth fftreet to the branches at South Yarra, St. Kilda, South Melbourne, Hawthorn, and Fitzroy. Tho number of telegraph operators and messengers have also been increased. Promhsor Baldwin and his wife are entertaining New Zealand audiences with their astonishing performances. We observe from the A'eir Zealand Timu, of June 5, that thr mind reader Mrs. Baldwin reiterated at Wellington her assertion, first made in Dunedin, that General Gordon was not killed but a prisoner.. To day being Sepiration D«y the binks will be clo»ed. The d«y, otherwise, will not be observed v a hohdiy. Shares for the new hotel company are beirnj taken up rapidly in the town an 1 district (tats tho W'amumbool Staiuhxri). Considerable additions wvre made to the list on Mundav, and ns showing the confidence placed in the venture, afcentlo m»n who has lately come to live in the district, where ha has a large stake, promptly offered to tako 100 shares, representing £1000, when the subject was laid before him. No dmibt when the object of the promoters of the scrrano is moie fully described by the publicatiun of a prospectus, a general demand for share* will set in. It is anticipated that more than half the money required would be subscribed in Melbourne, where the scheme is viewed with much favour, but it is desired to r*uo at least half the capital locally, and from. the iromUea already obtained it it apparent tha» Tery littla difficulty will be exneiitoced ia raising the amount. . | fm uig.ss| ■i«wt<«»TfMMiw I ■Mrs Council willi *c leH to 4- at ths Shire Ball, Manifold street, at the usual hour. 8o«m time sgo it was statod in a semi publio m»nner that tho hon. F. Long moro had renounced the vanities of the political "world, and had retired to his selection in Gippsland, there to pa»s the remainder of his daya in peace. Rumor now has it that tbe el- Minister of Lands and ex-politician v already tiring of his enforced exile, and is feeling his way for the purposebf standing for the constituency in which he now re sides, at the forthcoming general ejection. Four members of the Council of Agri cultural Education were elected on Mon day, viz.:—For the Southern district, Dr. Piummer, president of the National Agri cultural Society; Sonth-Westora, Mr. J. Baird, of , Learmonth,. farmer; North- Wostem, Mr. W. Madden, M.L.A., of Melbourne: and Eastern. Mr. T. K. Dow, of tbe agricultural staff of The A iiitralatian. Mr. Joseph Knight, of Bhepparton, farmer, was returned for th« Northern district without opposition. These, with the trustees nf the Agricultural College landi—Mr. J. F. Levien, Minister of Mines ; Mr. F. T. Derham, M.L.A.; and Mr. Charles Yeo, M.L.A.—the secretary for'agriculture (Mr. D. Martin), and two members appointed by tbe Government, viz.—Mr. James Buchanan, M.L.A., and Mr. J. Jj. Dow. M.L.A.—constitute the Council of Agricultural Education, which consists of 11 member*.> Thb Argvt says that Thomas Yeatea, who was out on bail on a charge of at> aconding with money fraudulently obtained failed to appear at the Bairnsdale Police Court on Fnday last when called on. and his recognisances—himself in £200 and one surety in £200—were ordered to be estreated: A warrant waa issued for his arrest. Tbe diaries kept by the late General Gordon at Kliirtoum have been pnbluhed and, our (Argwt) London eorrespondrnt trlegrsphs, bava cau»ed a crest sensation. The newspapers by the last mail stated that all the principal publishing house* irera asked to tender for the copyright of the diaries, the proceeds of which were to be "handed over to the funds of the National Gordon Memorial. The prioe paid for the copyright is mid to have been- 5,000 guineas. According to the Fall Mail Gautte, the story of the siege «f Khartoum is briefly told, and will not fill more than an ordinary one-volume book. The work was to be edited by Me, Eamont Hake, a cousin of the deceased general. The letters and other writings of the hero of Khartoum, aa is well known, abound in scriptural quotations and references, and it seems that in his diaries he compare* himself to Uriah the Hittite.' The story of this ill fated prototype of Grneral Gordon ii con tained in tho 2nd book of Samuel, chapter 1L King David was enamoured of Bath sheba, the wife of Uriah, and, in order to obtain possession of her, he determined to get rid of her huiband. It was in the manner in which this was done that General Gordon, no donbt, thought ho saw a resemblance to his own fate. David wrote to hi* general, Join, as follows:— "Set ye Uriah in the forefront of the hottest battle, and retire ye from him that he may be smitten and die." The narrative goes on to say—"And it came to past when Job observed the city that he assigned" UriaV unto a place when ho knew that valiant men were, and the men of tbe.city went out and fought with Joab; and there MI some of the people of the servants of David; aod Uriah the Hittita died also." The Governor-in-Council has accepted the resignation of Charles Cooper as deputy registrar of births and deaths at Pomborneit Tbe application hss been granted nf Kotert Rose, for a lease under section SO, of 245 a. 3r. 35p., Waarre. Electoral revision ennrts arc gazetted to be held in this district as follow:— Camperdovn, Colac, Mortlake and Terang on Saturday, 18th July. Tue next ait ting of the Cumperdnwn County Court will be held ou Tuesday, 17th August Mr. J. Xtlwn will s*H on Saturday next at Colae, six doable furrow plough* in good working order. Messes. SUasmore and Bishop commence business to-day as botchers, bavine pur chased from the assignee the old established business of Utnry Brua. Till f oten' lists for the several ridings of the Shire of Hampden are op«o for inspection to Iho 7th inst. at the >hire office, Manifold street. Copies of the lists are also to he in spected to th« aame dat« at the post offices, Teraog, Skipton, and liimore. 