TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The quarterly publication of the revenue returns enables as, in & rough fashion, to feel the financial pulse of the different colonies, and to judge of the strength of their circulation and condition of their financial health. ThoBe of Victoria are in &U; respects satisfac tory. The returns lot .the quarter ehow an increase of £62,410, and those for the year one of £356,074. "Hie customB revenue unproved during the year to the extent of £140,430, of of which a targe part Is contributed by the increased rate of dutyon spirits, lite railway receipts esceed those of last year by £120,818, and for the first time the income covers the interest on the borrowed capital The total revenue from all sonrces comes up to the large %um of £6,290,^52 for the year. ThiB, however, la very largely exceeded by the re venne cdHected by NfevrSouth Walea ia the same time, 'which amounted $> £7,4®,880, and was no less than £918,650 in excess of that of last year. South Australia, unfortu nately, is not able toprestfnta very favourable the gross receijAs fdx ;the year ftUl&g; £ST1,873 below the ebti&atfe.; A good Ofcoaree.thc inlQniatbQ v. i 4jX.~ " accounted taxation, Cwrtoms ;%ri figures is rather retrospective than present but it shows that the past year in Soult Australia has been one of depression anc non-prosperity. The Queensland returns show an increase of £154,299 for the year, and a decrease of £16,744 for the quarter. Looking only at tbe year's returns, we not* satisfactory increases in the customs, stamp duty, railways, and postage, and a rathei large decrease in the laud revenue# That gallant warrior Mr. W. C. Smith was left in a rather shattered condition by the speech of Mr. Service the other night. It K seldom the lot of a politician to draw down on himself so scathing and destructive an exposure. In his seal to find charges wains the Government, Mr. Smith had shown himself quite indifferent as to where he got them, and as to the evidence on which they rested. His attack, so far as it was founded on civil service matters, seemed to have been based on a blundering and biassed reading of the newspapers. His allegations igainst the defence system, a subjecton which Mr. Smith speaks with the authority of a titular colonel, appeared to have been mpplied to him by some disappointed and renomous scandal-monger in the force, who ?eed Mr. Smith merely as a means of gratify ing malice, and primed him with a number &f; gross and malignant inventions accord ingly. Mr. Smith accepted them all unin ijuiringly and unsuspectingly, and thought that, at any rate, tiiey would serve as mod to fling in debate. Mr. Service had no difficulty in refuting all these assertions, and his re futation left the unhappy Colonel in a very iguominions plight With regard to the public service system, Mr. Service made a good point in declaring that the " hon. colonel himself is more the author of the new system than anyone else. He made this bill abso lutely necessary." The hit told with all those who remembered the Smith rtytme in the Education department Of course it was quite consistent that the man who pushed further than any other the oppor tunity of jobbery presented by the old system should now figure as ite champion and mourner, and also as the unscrupulous assailant of the Bystem which replaced it He feels that the change which has been made destroys the moat potent of tbe political agencies on which he relied, removes one of the great attractions of public life to poli ticians of bis class, and makes Smithism as a political system henceforth impossible. It was quite right and appropriate that the last battle in defence of the old system should be fought by Mr. Smiih, and also that it should encounter the crashing reply dealt out to it by Mr. Service. The Municipal Association's deputation which waited tbe other day on the Govern ment raised some very important questions. The conversation was chiefly noticeable for bringing out, as it did, a certain want of rda tion and of correspondency which is showing itself between our political ideas and feelings outside and inside Parliament Here, for example, was a deputation representing the municipal bodies, themselves representing many of the most important and roost widely extended interests of tbe colony, and they lay stress on a number of matters as highly essential to theee interests. And yet hardly any of these subjects received re ference or attention during tbe late rambling ?Jiseussion of the address, when every man appeared to make it a special object to bring forward as many topics of debate as possible, i'he deputation say they want the Govern ment to do something to help the practical interests of the colony in such business-like matters as immigration of farm labourers, the duty on wire-netting, the application of license-fees, the dealing with closed said use less roads, and the maintenance of the main roads by tolls or otherwise. These are sub jects on which there is, no doubt, room for difference of opinion. But no one would deny their importance, their vastly superior im portance; to that of most of the matters about which Parliament has been twaddling for a fortnight. Surely it is a suggestive point, that while they have this importance outside Parliament, in the Legis lature they seem to have no importance at all. They are not available at once lor prac tical benefit and for political purposes. Many members would a* soon take hold of a red hot horse-shoe as tench socofc of these matters with the tips of tbeir fingers. All this argues a defect somewhere in the representative effi ciency of Parliament, perhaps ouch a defect as can only be cured by a general election, bringing tbe Legislature into cloeer relations with the real active opinion and sentiment of the country. The members of the board appointed to examine into tbe desirability of permitting the replanting of vines in the Geelong dis trict eeem to have done their work thoroughly and creditably, and also to have shown that those under whose supervision the vines were eradicated in the infected dis tricts signally failed in this respect The new board evidently dug down to the roots of its subject, which 1b juBt what the extirpators neglected to do. And it is because roots and rootlets were left in the ground in abundance, and as a consequence supplied a habitat in which the insect lived in full vigour, that the board now is unable to recommend that replanting be permitted. Indeed, it is evident that to do so would be use less and most injurious. The vine roots were left in great numbers, the insects exist in abundance, . and newly- planted vines would be at once attacked by them, and would constitute a danger to the whole of the colony-indeed, to all thecploniea. There bea/in fact, been a danger all the time by the peauetence of the pest/for which means ol nkinien&nce; were sq thoughtfully pro wonder that, with, the soil \- these old Vineyards alive (he plague has not \- time extended to some, ol the other vioe«rowing districts of the eofaiy. TM this remit faM not $c< | curred is, at any rate, not in any way due to the conscientiousness with which the work of extirpation woe performed by tliOBe to whom its supervision was entrusted, and .is only to be accounted for by the absence of any means save purely accidental ones of carrying the insects from the infected ground to healthy vines. But replanting and sending fruit, and perhaps young plants, to market would soon supply each a means, aud it is evident that at present such a risk is not to be thought of. The progressive rabbit haa come to the aid of the Coalition Ministry in its difficulty about remitting the doty on wire-netting. Bunny announces-or rather a friend an nounces for him-that he has accomplished the feat of climbing wire fences, which Mr. Ser vice said that he understood him to be study ing. A correspondent writes to The Argus to say that he had a tame rabbit which used to climb wire-fcncing, and this is how he did it: -" Leaping up sideways, he placed all the soles of his feet against the wire and his toes through it, then pressing his near side ribs against the wire, he rested securely. On my going near him he bounded on to the top of his hatch, and thence over the fence and off." The correspondent quotes this to show the mistake of depending too much on the protection given by wire-netting. No doubt, if the ability he describes has been generally developed among the rabbits the protection given by wire fences would be of small account Especially if the rabbits could always find a convenient hutch handy from which to take the final leap Pos sibly the rabbit referred to may have been one of exceptional activity or mental power. At any rate, his achievement is one of great im portance to Mr. Service and Mr. Berry, and ' comes just at the lucky moment, inasmuch as the same newspaper which records his feat states that no decision had yet been come to by the Government regarding the remission of the duty on wire-netting. We may now forecast in what way the decision will go, and may fairly anticipate that this energetic and agile buck rabbit has preserved the protective duty of 27£ per cent which is to be collected from the farmers and Crown lessees for the benefit of the gentleman from New South Wales who contemplates a wire netting factory at Geelong. It would be in teresting to know, by the bye, what amount of protection this gentleman enjoys in his "similar enterprise" in New Sooth Wales. A good many of our readers will, we hope, visit the Aquarium at the Exhibition-build ing with new interest after reading the ac count given of its inhabitants by " A. N. P.," whose first paper on the subject appears in oar present issue. As, for example, this is what the writer says in his graphic and pic turesque way of the meeiusce, often called jelly fish:-"They are neither fish nor jelly. Com pared with them, jelly is a type of Bubstance and rock-like solidity. They are the most unsubstantial of all creatures, mere animated water, aqqeous phantoms. What a ghost would weigh if condensed down to a little solid residue science has not yet determined: but we do know what a medusa weighs under such circumstances; forty or fifty pounds of a medusa! spectre-for we can conceive them in no other light than as spectres when evaporated down to its protoplasmic basis, contains just four or five grains, the weight of a wafer or two. When washed up by the retiring tide, a medusa simply be comes non est, and the ground shows no traces of it beyond an iridescent ring. If they lived in air we should call them ethereal, but, being marine creatures, our figures of speech fail as." Just as the coral is ani mated stone withthesmaliestpossibleamount of digestive, assimilative, and secretive organi sation superadded, so is the medusa, at the other extremity of the scale, animated water with the smallest possible solid framework of organisation. The whole sketch puts the curiosities of the aquarium in the most in teresting light The other colonies ought to be able to help South Australia in her labour difficulty. It seems that the long commercial depression has told so severely on the labour market that there is at present a great excess of supply over demand. The position is not one of those saturnalias of the "unemployed" which we have at times in this colony, and such as was supported by great effort at Sydney last winter. On one such occasion here it will be remembered that a man, in registering, his name as a candidate for employment, had in assigning his " last employment" to go back very many years to find it The case at Adelaide is one of great and genuine dif ficulty in finding employment, a difficulty which comes from the iact that enterprise is for the present time stagnant, and that the Sovernment works started to meet the emer gency seem hardly adequate. We observe that South Australia's difficulty has been turned to account as New South* Wales's opportunity by importing a number of navvies and other workmen from the former place to assist in some of the New South Wales railway works. But this aid is capable of great extension, and there must be a large number of contractors in these colonies who could very well give employment to hundreds of the workers who are crowding the Adelaide labour offices, and would find their own accouut in doing so. Nothing bat general gam could result from the transfer of a larg$ number of compulsorily idle workmen from a place where for the present they are nptrequired, to the many points at different {Arts of the colonies where industrial progress and constructive works are languishing for want of labour. That was an odd question of privilege which was raised the other day before the City -Police Court The question was whether a newspaper was justified in publishing what purported to be delineations of prisoners' characters based on the so-called science of jphrtnology. This jBuggests many consider*, tieas, Qa«ia tovrfcat exieat a magistrate," or a 31" a jury, would be likely to be in lluei forming a judgment about flic guilt ocence of anyone accused o£ an offei [he statement of a phrenologist, that sidered the prisoner's organs of desto nes8 and acquisitiveness unduly larg< ither is that if the courts were to intei repress phrenological criticism in tbe < the crania of prisoners, would they not 1 reclly establishing a new privilege of P snt ? Would not honourable mem bers jnce consider themselves en titlei suppress any reference to tbe shap eir heads carrying with it a covert iiifei damaging to their intellectual pow, for example, a newspaper were to | a skctch beaded, " A Political Choi' and in it were to apeak of a skull in wl ie organ of self-esteem were large, langi :ry prominent, number abnormally deve time very small, and from all this were iclade that the politician in ques tion accustomed to make inordinately long hes, regardless of the passing) hour plentifully garuished his addresses ; by a use of figures, and especially the most eating of all numerals, Number One, 1 it be in the power at Mr. Minims to h We offending publisher or the psycl it who wrote the articlc consigned to th iamentary dungeon? Or, still on tbe Bi ssumption, would tbe owner of the critic ranium be able in eoch a case to !*ecov a ages for injury to his expectant reven f the Treasurership at some future day? ue not aware that the law courts have >een called upon to pronounce on tbe j ges of phrenologists in making pablii results of their diagnoses of cha ractei ould they ever have to do so evi dentlj e curious questions will have to be coj ed. Tht v South Wales Government bas pallet a favourable verdict in the test case « ited to the law courts in regard to the cl arising out of the Cootamundra accidc The finding of the jury U that the accide is not due to any error in the con struct f the line, or to any mismanage ment, therefore, that no responsibility attach the Railway department or to the Goveti >t for the disaster. Whether this finditij 1 be accepted as final, or whether means be attempted to effect its revision, remaii be seen. But, for the time being, it, v jresnme, disposes of all the claims tat are preferred against the | depart b over this an lor lunate cata stroph Are have no doubt that every care was t to .present the case fairly to the jniy, a hat the jury gave it their best and moat i rtaal consideration. Still everyone feels t he Government must also be con gratol on its good luck in the matter. Thing {tat have fallen oat so differently. Juries proverbially ticklish authorities. They i ometimes self-willed and perverse, and at >me times swayed by a sentimental leanin > the side most fitted to appeal to (he fe< s. This jury appears to have been compo of Rhadamanthoses to a man. Perh&f; the verdict i6 accepted as final, one effect »be an improvement to the health of the < munity, and some disabled or still invalid fferers from the accident may speedil :turn to their normal state oi health, Thai is a characteristic little incident which ppeued the other day at Sydney, betwec Jovernmeut-houee and the leading newspi « of the city. Just at the last hoar, before ; holding of a great banquet at Goverr nt-bouse to the distinguished official miters, and bo forth assembled by the as I of the contingent, it occurred to somtoa bat the occasion was a public one, and tbi the press ought to be represented, so that; speeches might be given to the world, nd so an orderly was sent to the newspa1 offices, and left what is described | as a dit icrap of paper bearing the missive: -" If 9 jporter will come to the Govern ment-be e at 8 p.m., he will be able to take the Bpe ies down." This was signed with the unl»wninitials "J. L. M." However, newspa conductors are not accustomed to atanc er-much on ceremony and punctilio in their sire to place information before the public, i so, without paying regard to the odd fori >f the message, reporters were sent When ( y reached Government-house, they were let) a room opening from the banquet ttng-hal and were there placed behind a door lef pea to allow of the inspired accents of the npany reaching them. It was not thought ecessary to supply a seat or a table to the i rdy pres&tnen;, who were probably not fam ir with such enervating luxuries. When t y had taken stock of the position, the repc ere, it is painlul to read, showed a perfect): insubordinate spirit, and actually withdre without taking a report It shows e volcano upon which society stands « en such revolutionary ideas pervade the mil 9 of the lower classes. Apart from this sen is reflection, there is much In the position that is rather comic. We may imagine the care taken by the careful host and the istinguished guests to direct theii eloquen utterances to the door ajar, behind which i ;y thought the minions of the press were tomir. nreservinz the stems of oratorical power w ich fell in profusion from the lips of the i leakers. But, of course, there is another/view, and that is that somebody blander i sadly. Thoee responsible for what t< >k place first gave a public cha racter I) tlie gathering by inviting the present of the press, and then, by clumsiness or supei ntious neglect, brought about this unsatisfi ctory and irritating result Evi dently, i atters are still in a rather transition state in i ome quarters, so far as the press 1b concerneL It will be necessary for bureau cracy to pake a bold stand against press J assumptibns, and to relegate its representa tives to Uheir proper place among other menials.'IOr, it this method is not alto gether practicable, it will be requisite to frankly recognise the existence of the press as a great factor in our public life, called,to tb miQaw^ottiwbimzY&y; grow ing in importance, and fairly treat it and meet it ou that footing. New questions calling for joint decision and federal action on the part of the colonies are constantly arising. One of the latest is that of the defence of Albany, King George's Sound, West Australia. The harbour is an excellent one, and as it is the calling and coaling place of the mail steamers, it is alwayB well provided with stores of coal. To a hostile squadron approaching these shores, these supplies might l>e oi inestimable value, ahd their possession might determine whether the strangers were able or not to keep the sea in a «tate of warlike efficiency. And the coal has been and is entirely undefended from the. aggression of even a single hostile cruiser. So | that, in the event of war, Albany, in its; present unprotected state, might be regarded as a depot of coal supply, with all appliances provided, for any enemy who should care to seize it. It would be highly unreasonable to expect Western Australia to provide ade quately for the defence of a port in which it is, indeed, even Jess interested than are the great colonies to the eastward, which would Drobably be the chief objects of an enemy's attack. The work of defcnce is, tnereiore, ai once beyond the power of the colony in which the port is situated and is na object of general interest. In other words, it is a federal work. Ab Admiral Tryon points out in a despatch on the subject, the port ought not only to be safe against a predatory visit, but it should also be a port of supply, and refuge, and deleuce [or the great lines of steamers which ply past it Much of this also applies to Thursday Island, which, if it is to be de fended at all, must be defended by the joint efforts of all the colonies interested. Were we once to set about all ibe works of joint concern which require to be undertaken, and all the joint arrangements which are required, we should find that, so far from federation being a thing of the fature, it would be a pre sent reality. The act of the New Zealand Parliament in unanimously canning an address to the Queen congratulating Her Majesty " on the steps recently taken by New - South Wales and other colonies to aid, or to tender effi cient aid, to the Empire at a time of tem porary difficulty; and assuring Her Majesty that it is the desire of her subjects in New Zealand to render aid to the Empire, to the beat of their ability, at all times when their services may be deemed of value and may be accepted by Her Majesty," was a very grace ful one. The step was taken on a motion proposed by Sir George Grey in a very appro priate speech, and it met with universal con currence in the House If there had been any doubt or hesitancy on the part of New Zealand at the time when the New South Wales offer was made, no better way of eff acing the recollection of it could have been adopted than the course proposed by Sir George Grey, which was a cordial acceptance and endorsement of the example given. It was a pleasant illustration of the strong feeline of loyalty to the unity of the Umpire by which all the colonies are pervaded, and will continue to be unless they are estranged by coldness or maladministration. Aud the course taken commits New Zealand to the policy of sending military help to the Empire should the occasion arise when sucli help was required. On this poiut the New Zealand Premier was quite distinct in sup porting Sir George Grey's proposal He said that the Government had been "prepared, if war had been declared, and after it had made provision for their , own defences, to have asked Parliament to send troops to the aid of the Empire." So that whatever colonies may entertain doubts regarding the wisdom and patriotism of the Dalley policy of colonial help to the Empire, no such doubts are felt by the Government or the Parliament of New Zealand. If honeyed sentences could make taxation pleasant, and if artistically- ambignousphrases could persuade us that practically free trade and protection come to pretty much the same thing if they are rightly regarded, then Sir Julius Vogel's financial statement to the New Zealand House of Representatives ought to be a great oratorical and political success. Carlyle thought that Monckton Milnes ought to be "Perpetual President of the Heaven and Hell Amalgamation Society." Similarly' we may speak of the mellifluous com pound of economical theory, and pro tectionist practice presented by the wily Treasurer of New Zealand as the Julius Protection and Free Trade Political Blend. " We are," Bays the ingenuous Sir Julius, "neither freetraders nor protec tionists in the sense in which those terms are commonly used." This is quite true. It iB only in some special and private sense ot his own that that skilful tactician will consider himself bound by political principles of any kind. It matters little whether you apply to Sir Julius Vogel the one ; or the other of these terms. He soon makes 1 yon see that it will not hold him in its meshes ; a day longer than be finds it convenient to be i bound by it Nothing can exceed the strength of his belief in the principles of free trade, except that of bis con viction that they are not indiscriminately to be applied to the circumstances of a young country with industries struggling for existence. But if you try to take him as a protectionist, you are met by his austere abjuration "of a policy of protection, which would give to the followers of protected pursuits a state-aided guarantee of success, no matter how unsuitable those pursuits j might be," He sternly tells manufacturers that "they will be anwise if tbey invest large sums in industries under the idea that these will be continually bolstered up by tariff arrangements." Clearly a staunch and true blue freetrader and economist. But you turn to his tariff, and find that its proposals are of an extravagantly protectionist cha racter. And in all this ambiguity and diver* aity oud rapid change of cjuuasisr w? tgcpg ni»e oar true Vogel, most l\\\m»eU when tie jg most undefined, most shifty, and most capable of reduction to strict and jucoa" venient classification. 