Sates iiud Jfetfcbe& A YABN OF THE P. AND O. As there were bnt very tew passengers on board the Peninsular and Oriental steamer SicQia, outward bound for the Far East, we did not anticipate the usual amount of fun and festivity which are, strangely enough, more remarkable features of life an outward bound fch«»» on homeward -bound, steamers. But what we missed in frolic we certainly had made up to us in the shape of excitement. We numbered about a dozen in ail ; but of these, three only need individual description. The- principal personage, in accordance with the ancient dictum that a woman is at the bottom of everything, was a pretty young widow, & Londoner, who was on her way to join her friends living in Shanghai. The worship of the fair sex is nowhere more ardent than aboard ship, partly, perhaps, because iis members contrive to put on under such exceptional circumstances their most captivating airs and graces ; and chiefly it must be admitted, although the admission is nnpillunt,, because, beyond eating and sleep ing, there is little else to do than to offer homage to whatever goddess presents herself. Hence Mis. Fuller, as she was named, reigned Bole andnn&pproached; monarch of the ship. Had she been other than she was, she would have occupied this position ; but being tall and fair and graceful, she assuredly merited every tribute of admiration laid at her feet. The darts she BnftAp'^'-^»ly shot around fixed themselves most firmly in the hearts of the remaining members of tie prominent trio to be described. The first was a young English man named Goodhew, going oat to the con sular service in Yeddo ; the other was a young Irishman named MacWhirter, going to the B&me; city in the Japanese Government Tele graph Department. Goodhew was as typical an KngK«hmnTi aa was MacWhirter a typical Irishman, indeed, more so, for Mac was a victim to a most un-Milesiau foilipg — he could not take a joke. Goodhew wasa big, broad shouldered, ruddy-faced, blue-eyed, fair haired fellow, who ate like an alderman, was always laughing when he was not eating or sleeping, and was half tie life and bouI of our Itttfo community. Terence MacWhirter was the other half. He could sing a capital song ?ttd tell a capital story, his story-telling powers *w^jp»''g his song- singing, inasmuch as with the gravest conceivable demeanour he would endeavour to foist upon ub the most jfljfMo fiction as the most solemn truth * As true as ao*m ifonAmg here,' was a con cluding phrase of his, which soon became a & catchword, on board, and synonymous with what was most extravagant and improbable. The apple of discord which the fair Tiftnfl'P*'' mm riwftqn^ *q throw amongst ns fell between Goodhew and Mac, who, long before she joined ns at Brindiai, had singled oat each other aa opponents upon the one particular question of belief or dia^i''* in ghosts. Strangely enough, Goodhew; who bad won the Humane Society's medal for saving life, was a firm believer in the theory that fiie departed from this life revisit their oldhannta. Equally strange was it that Mac, although a fervid, imaginative, Irishman, pooh-poohed ghosts and omens and visions and ^*TOTnTT and second-sight as being un worthy of the consideration of a practical iunflfrM*^.y»ntnry h^^ftn being ; and the ww umuuiua uuuuucw uuuku w bui»a».ii w bis creed, the more violently would Mac OT^fLjm : * Now, look ye here. Mister Good hew! offl fffoniri the Tn*m an onlimited dinner up to a couple of sovereigns who can prove that he has ever seen a ghost ; an' if a man can show 'me a ghost, bedad, oTZl show him what oITl do with it ! The arguing matches and disputes between the two opponents formed our principal B.fT^nqf»Tnp.nt, during the tedious passage from Souttamptgn to Srindid. Then Mrs. Fuller came on board, and their A.ntT» gnn f gTn assumed a new shape. Goodhew helped her on board. Score No. 1 for the lfrig^shmn.iv But Mac lent her his cane-chair, and equalised matters. Goodhew Bat next to her at table ; but Mac sat opposite, which was as good, for in talking to her, he was obliged to raise his voice, and by so doing obtained a monoply of the con versation. To her credit it must be said that she behaved exactly as a young lady placed in such peculiar rfr**'mBt:*-nr*'* should behave. She showed no partiality to one more than to the other. She laughed heartily to Mac's jokes, and listened attentively to Goodhew's quiet common- sense and lywrnnn-pljir*^- If one of them gained a trifling advantage one day, it was made up to the other the next ; and so, whilst conscientiously she believed she was pleasing both, in reality she was stirring up a fire between the two which was fated ultimately to burst into a tragedy. So matters went on. By the time Alex undrin. vnui reach**!, irp. Hie audience, aereet that Goodhew held a slight advantage, inas much as the passage across the Mediterranean having been stormy, poor Mac spent the greater part of his timr in his berth ; wliilst Uoodhew, who was a good sailor, was brought into uninterrupted contact with Mrs. Fuller, who was also nud-de-mer proof. It may be imagined that when we were sick of quoits and * bull-board ' and deck -cricket and walking-races, the little comedy played by the trio formed oar chief amusement. Its ups and downs, its various phases, its situa tions, were subjects of attentive watchfulness on our part. We were like a party of special correspondents taking notes of an important campaign. We received from one another news of victory or defeat, of attacks foiled, of successful stratagems, of bold strokes, of new moves, with as much earnestness as if oar own interests were at stake witu the issue of the contest. If one of us hurried for'ard with a joyful face, it was not to tell of a con fident prophecy on the part of the skipper that we should have an easy time in the mon soon, or that we should make Aden ahead of acaedule-time; but to relate some splcndi stroke on the part of Mac, or an admirable counter delivered by Goodhew. Occasionally, there were uninteresting lulls in the conflict, and during these periods we were driven to our wits' end for amusement, and the time passed slowly and heavily ; bnt when the battle was in full swing, the long hoars of the tropical day sped bat too quickly. Oar doctor took an especial interest in the drama, and by virtue of his official position, was enabled to see far more of its ins anil onto and by-play than we outsiders, and often when matters seemed to slacken a bit, would infuse fresh life and fire by some adroit, mischievous remark. Open hostilitv soon became the order of the day between Mac and Goodhew. Hitherto, they had been simply cold and distant to one another, interlarding their conversation pro fusely with * Sirs ' and * I beg your pardons ;' but by the time we readied Penang, they were hardly civil to each other. The climax was reached at Panang. According to the usual custom, a party was made np to visit the celebrated waterfall. Most of us went : Skipper, Doctor, Mrs Fuller, Goodbew, Mac, and half a dozen of us outsiders. We arrived at the waterfall after the wellknown broiling ascent, rhapsodised over it, sketched the joss house, partook of a sumptuous tiffin beneath its root, and were about to return to the quay, when Mrs Fuller espied a dead buzzard float ing in the waters of the pooL * Oh, how I should tike a few feathers from that beautiful bird !' she exclaimed* Mac and Uoodhew rushed to execute the commission. We outsiders never dreamed of interference, as we foresaw an important, scene in the drama. Mac was armed with his waUringetick, Goodhew had seized a long bamboo stem. Mac was upon one side of the pool, Goodhew on the other, and the buzzard Boated in the middle between them. The faces and figures of the two men were perfect studies of sternness and resolution ; they stretched and craned, they knelt, they floundered, they hopped op and jumped down ; for the timebemg the entire universe of each of them was concentrated in that palm-shaded pooL But the bird stuck reso utely in the middle, in spite of coaxing and flopping and ail sorts of cunning endeavours to weft it to one side or the other. Suddenly a puff of wind carried it towards Mac His face lighted up with joy, and be uttered a smothered 'Hooroo !' In a momeut his walk xogstick was under it, he was slowly but sorely pulling it towards him; when there was a vision of a sort of fishing-rod in mid -air, momentary struggle and splash, and Goodhew trinmphantly dragged it towards him.. Mac made a desperate dash at the retreating spoil, missed his footing, and fell plump into the pooL Our long- restrained feelings were no more to be kept in, and the laughter which followed awakened the echoes of the solitary Penang waterfall. To emerge from the water, hatiess, dripping, and vanquished, was humiliating enough for yoor Mac ; bat when he looked at Mrs. Fuller, and saw that she was endeavouring to striae immoderate laugh ter with her pocket-handkerchief, his cap of misery was full, and without another word, he strode off ahead of as on the path leading to the Settlement, and was soon lost to view. We sailed that evening for Singapore, Mac was not visible. Next evening, however, as we were sitting on deck after dinner smoking onr cigars and gazing at the peerless panorama of the tropical heavens, we saw him come on deck. We hushed our talk, for we felt that something was pending. Goodhew was sit ting by Mrs. FuUer'schair — that is, poorMac's chair— at some rlj«fe«.n«» from ns. Mac seeing this, strode up and down the deck behind them. Presently, Mrs. Fuller rose, wished us good- eight, An(i disappeared below. We nudged one another, watched round the cor ners of our eyes, and listened. Mac strode up to Goodhew, who was ap proaching us. * Mister Goodhew,' he said *oi ^?qjl ^.^mt. a dirty mane trick !* What do you mean, sir ?' angrily retorted Goodhew, stopping short. * Oi mane what oi say, sir,1 said Mac. ' It was a dirty mane trick. Mra. Fuller asked me to get the bird for her, and oi got it ; and you come in with a pole like a mast, and you fipli it out under me very oyes !* ' Under your very stick, you mean, Mac,' said Goodhew, laughing. * Ifo matter what oi mane !* exclaimed the infuriated Irishman. 'Oi mane, that when lady, and another 'intleman executes it by a mane trick, the other gintlcman's no gintle man at all at all— bat a cad, Mister Goodhew, a cad!' ' I say, Mac. draw it mild,' said Goodhew, in his torn irritated ; * we're not all hogtrot ters here ;' 1 Is it bogtrotter yrc'callin me V exclaimed Mac in a frenzy. * Bedad, oil II tuche ye to call a MacWhirter a bogtrotter, spalpeen !' And he sprang at Goodhew furiously. Goodhew seized him by the waist, and iu another minute would have certainly dropped Msc overboard, had we not jumped up and interposed. Mac danced and kicked and struggled and used every vilifying expression he could. Goodhew also was endeavouring to wrest himself from our grasp : but we held on, and the opponents m^im* that they could not get at each other gradually desisted from trying. 1 Doctor !' said Mao, after a breathing space, * this is an M.ffiur for iintu&diate; settle - 'Pooh; my dear fellow,' said the officer, ' who can fight duels on the deck of a I*, and 0\. steamer ? Better wait till we get to Hong kong ; there's plenty of room there. ! * Hong-kongbe it then,' said Mac. — * Mister Goodhcu', oi'll send ye me card in the uiorn 1 All right, Mac,' replied Goodhew, who was recovering his good temper. * Send as many as yon luce. But don't you tHnk we're a couple of fools, to be going on in this absurd way about a trifle?* « A trifle ye call it r roared Mac ?An1 If there's a fool hereabouts, it isn't Terence Mac Whirter ; but ye needn't travel very far to The doctor whispered in Goodhew's ear. The Litter nodded and smiled, and said : ' All right, Mac You challenge me to a ducL I accept it. Pistols V ? OS coorse,1 replied Mac. * Ye didnt think oi mane fishing-rods ? TnRn1tipg a Mac Whirtcr's no trifle, oi tell ye. So they separated. It may be imagined that the chief topic on board during the interval between Singa pore and Hong-kong was the approaching that he was no novice ; and he certainly had shown himself a dcad-uhot with a rook-rifle at I-ott!es or pieces of wood ; but whether, considering the extreme excitability of his nature, he would preserve his calmness on the field of battle sufficiently to make any use of his accomplishment, we were inclined to doubt. Goodhew had never fired a pistol in his life ; but there was an easy, calm confi dence about him that foretold not want of nerve on his part. * Pat,' said the doctor, on the evening be fore our arrival at Hong-kong * haven't you a. poor fellow?'1'11'* * Ut fiOmfi S °° ' Faith, doctor,' replied Mac, * the odds are even. If he wins the toss, he shoots me.* ' You're not afraid of the consequences of manslaughter V continued the doctor. * I don't Tn«*ft.n the judicial consequences, but the remorse, the f ear of being haunted' ? 'Doctor,* said Mac, *oi took ye for the only sensible man on the ship AnA ye go and fe»lL blarney about hy-iinting and all that. Oi tell ye, docter, oi'm not a believer in spirits ; and if oi kill Goodhew, and bis ghost makes a pother about me afterwards, oi'll have to settle him as welL Look ye, doctor, ye and the whole lot of 'em want to get me off this duel : but of ve been insulted : and if I pat up with it, oill not be worthy of the name of Mac Whirter at all at alL' The next evening we steamed into Song Kong Harbour. Mrs. Fuller was on deck, admiring the effects of the great mountain shadows upon the moonlit water, and of the innumerable twinkling lights from the shore. which mount up and up until they seem to mingle with the stars. Mac was standing by her chair. ' Mrs. Fuller, * he wh^, in a low impressive voice, * thin is a bcautioos scene. It remoulds of Doblin Bay or the Cove of C&rk.; It is a fad scene.' * A sad scene, Mr. MacWhirter !' said Mrs. Fuller. * Why, I was just thinking it was a gay scene, with all those lights, and ' ? * It is a sad scene for those who are looking at it for the last toime, Mrs Fuller,' sad Mac in an almost sepulchral Vnp. * Gracious 1 asked Mr Mac Whiter, what do you mean : asked Mrs f oiler. W nat a dreadfully uncomfortable thing to say V * Oi mane, Mrs Fuller,' said Mac, * that this toime to-morrow noight thereTl be one less passenger on board the Sicflia.' * Why, of course, Mr Mac Whirter; for I snppose onr little company trill be broken op here, and it is never ple&s;&nt; separating from kind friends.' * Ye mistake me,' said Mac. f The moon that will shoine to-morrow noight wQl look upon the corpse of either Mister Goodbew or of Terence Mac Wuirter ; and it'll be all for the sake of yerself, Mrs Fuller.1 Mrs Fuller saw that Mac was serious, and the idea flashed across her mind that the two rivals for her hand were about to fight a duel on her account, so she resolved to take the earliest opportunity of speaking to the bhe did speak to the captain, who spoke certain words to her in return. Very early the next momingr before even the sun had peci«d round the corner of the Victoria. Peak, the captain's gig put off from the Sicilia. In it were the captain Hin^lf, the doctor, Uoodhew, Mac, and we outsiders. We were soon alongside tfae liund, and in a few seconds were being wliisked away in the direction of tue Happy Valley as fast as chairmen could take us. We went swiftlv by the cemetery gate and the Grand Stand to the extreme end of tiie Valley, where tliero was no chance of interruption. After each of the combatants had been armed with one of the captain's pistols, the doctor measured fifteen paces. The coin was spun into the air. Mac won the toss, and took up his position, as did (Toodhew. * Captain,' said Goodhew, 'If— if I fall, you'll find a, memorandum as to the disposi tion of my property in a tin box in my cabin. Here's the key.' ' At the word * Three,' said the captain, * Mr. MacWhirter will fire.' Mac raised his pistol, half dosed his Left 1 One ! Two ! Three !' He fired. Goodhew, with a cry, pressed his hand to his head, and then fell tike a stone with one deep groan. The red stain on the right temple told Mac the fatal truth. Xhe Irishman's vaunts and threats had been justified. * YouVe done it, Mac !' whispered the cap tain in a voice of agony. ' Come away as fast as you can. The doctor will attend to the poor fellow, if life still remains.1 And so Mac and the captain hastened away leaving Goodhew on the ground, with ns gat hered around him. As we were to shift over to the smaller to Mrs. Fuller and the captain and the old Sicilia the banquet that evening was of an unusnallv lavish description : the champagne went merrily round with jest and gibe, as if there had never been such a being as poor Goodhew in existence. Even Mac aroused himself after a few glasses, although at first he was rather solemn, and remarked : ' Ye 're a rum lot, all of ye. If ol'd been killed in stead of Mister Goodhew, ye'd hare enjoyed your dinner and drink all the same. Qj'm sorry for him ; but itll be a lesson to ffoflwpnyfr1*1 not to insult Qiiishmen.1 Then Mrs. Fuller's health was drunk, and the captain's, and every one else's and not until a small-hour of the morning did we think of breaking up. *l say, Mac,* said the doctor. * aren't you afraid of seeing poor Goodhew to-night V * Whisht, doctor ; yeVe taken more than's good for ye ! was the coatemptooas reply. As the ship's bell tolledtwo o'clock, we prepared to turn into bed, when the saloon door opened quietly, and a tall figure, ghastly white, vith a crimson patch on Us finy, glided a few inches in. Mac was seated next to the door, and saw It. ffis cigar fell from his fingers, beads of perspiration burst upon his forehead, and he trembled violently. * What.on earth is the ma^er- Mac ! we 'Why:— Don't yc see? ^H^, at the door ! — Him ! Miqtffr Goodhe^^B§taminered 1 Nonsense, man ; you're dreaming. There's nobody there at all V we said. 'Strikes me you're hod a drop too much, Mac,' said the doctor quietly. The figure still stood there with ita eyes fixed on Mac, who, after remaining for a few moments petrified with horror, rushed with a shriek into his cabin. Such a night as the poor fellow passed will never be known to any one but hiTPwlf, al though it was manifest that he was under gomtf extreme agony by the groans and smothered cries which we heard for along time after he had tairnftd in. He was not visible at breakfast the next morning; nothing was seen of him dnr*ng the process of transferring passengers, mails, and baggage from the Sicilia to the Yokohama steamer ; and we began to fear that the poor fellow had really been affected by what he had Been, and taken some rash step. However, about an hoar before our starting-time, it was reported that Mac had come on board. There was & festive assembly in the saloon, the captain, doctor, and officers of the Sicilia being our guests, although an rnnfmaj spruceness in the general costume proclaimed thrt *^f affair was «nTnf*f-]fnjT more ffia-n a inere retani of the compliment paid as by Hie captain of the Sicilia on the previous evening. The doctor had risen to his feet, was dear ing1 his throat preparatory to an important speech, when the saloon door was pushed opened, and Mac looked in— hot the carrifa, swaggering Mac of past days bat haggard, weird, scarcely hnmnn, with unkept Lock and bloodshot eyes. Goodhew was seated next the pretty Londoner. * Hillo, Mac, old fellow : come in, come in ; you're just in time,' he said. 'By the powers !' rTrtalmwj Mac, *ye're not dead. Mister Goodhew !' \- No, old fellow.' replied Gooohew, with a lango. 'Bat if your pistol tad carried a Dullet, i snould nave been' , But the blood on your forehead— I saw it !' cried Mac— * And Mrs Fuller— she's wid ye, I see V * No, no, Mac ; wrong this time,' returned Goodhew, smiling. * There was no blood on my forehead ; and it isn't Mia. Fuller that's beside me.' 1 Whisht, man - I'm not .'irtT''^ now ; I know what Fm tilling about,1 exclaimed Mac * D'ye mane that there was no blood on your forehead after Fd hit ye, and d'ye mane that it ins't Mrs. Fuller alongside of ye at aUf ^ 'Yes, old fellow,' said Goodhew, rising, and stretching ont bis hand to the bewildered Irishman. ' The mart on my forehead was only a little red paint carried in the palm of my hand, and ready to be slapped on the moment yen discharged your deadly weapon ; and the lady '— 4 Yes, yes, the lady?' interposed Mac with eagerness. * The i&dy; was made Mrs. Goodhew about a couple of hoars back,1 calmly replied the Knglishman. * Give us your hand, and drink our healths.' Mac did both, and ever after remained a firm friend of Goodhew's, altiuKigh always a. little touchy on the subject of ghosts. — Chamber*** Journal. 