Mr Butterworth sells Mr Gomm's furniture to-day ? -see advt. M'Kisnf.y & Hull will sell a selection to- day; also an allotmontof ground in Macaulaystrnet — see advt. Tenders for the Narrandora Hospital close on Tuesday, 10th February, at 4 p.m. — see advt. At about a quarter to eight o'clock on Friday morn iug a lau namea wynno noticea smoke issuing from a stable at the Pastoral Hotol, South Hay, Tho hotel has not beon tenantod for some time. Mr Wynne, tho lacTa father, atoncosenthim to Hay to inform Mr Haynos, thosocrotary of the Building Society of the fire, and also Mr WilUmor in whose society the build ing was insured. In tho meantime Mr Wynne, as sisted by two employes of the Black Horso Brewery, proceeded to tho Pastoral Hotol. Tho fire had spread so rapidly that thoy wore ouly ablo to pull out two windows and two doors in tho bar parlour and the bar. Tho stable, where tho firo originated, was opposite tho bar. Nothing could be done to save tho building which was burnt to tho ground, with tho exception of two brick walls in tho portion of tho building where the bar had been, Constable Steolo, who saw the smoke was on tho scono about twenty minutes past eight o'clock. Sydnry merchants aro lamentably behind tho timos Owing to the river being low, tho Council ordered somo pipes m Sydnoy, but tho reply was thoy would have to be cabled for. This of course would not Buit theCouncil.soMolbourne was communicated with, when it was found themorchants fchore had plenty in storo. Tho difficulty of carriage howovor arose. Tho pipos wero wanted at once to lay on tho direct main bo tweon the two towers. To bring them via Albury would cost £100 moro than by the river; by sea fiom Melbourne to Sydney and thonco to II iy, about £25. The Council docided to adopt tho latter course, and thus tho Sidney merchants through »'t having pipen havo enst us £25. We think the Council should have waited, for it is certain steamers will be able to ply for a short time. CnuaiiH of EsaLjVsp.-r-The Rev. J. Macarthur will (p.V;X'preach iri tho Public School, Carrathool, on oundav next, tho 8th inst., at 12 o'clock. There will be divino sorvico in St. Paul's Church, Hay, on that day, both morning and ovoning, at tho usual hours. Tub Council havo forwarded to tho Government tho resolutions passed at tho provious mooting on tho motion of Dr Harvoy in regard to foroign settle* 1 niont in tho islands adjacont to Australia, locking I tho rivers, &c.; I The excitemont over tho municipal olection did ( wonders for tho rovonuo of tho Council, owing to I peoplo coming in to pay thoir ratos, so as to have 'votos. The sum of £'100 wns paid in one day in rates. Tijb Mayo.' said at tho Council on Thursday in answor to Mr Pollard that clorgymen, tho rates on whoso churchos, &c;„ woro romittod, still had tho pri vilogo to voto. Mr Butterworth held a salo of Mr Frost's pro perty in Moppofct-streot on Wednesday. It was a pieco of land with a frontago of 50 feot toMoppott street, 166 feot depth, four-roomed cottago and hall, and was bought by Mr Perrott for £235. There is no doubt it was a groat bargain. The Victor, stoamer, arrived at Wilcannia, from Monindio, on tho 30f.h, with cargo. She loft Wont worth moro thau a year sinco. The rainfall up north* has boon onormous and wholly unprecodonted. At Kircumbra, Paroo road, 10*30 foil; at Gnalta, 8*50: at Curranyalpa, IO*; at Baden Park, 9:20 ; at Thargomindah, 6 ; Lako Dick, 12*50; and at Pippinilla it is alleged 24 inchos fell, 12 inches falling in 20 hours. Mr Chisholh, the new Clork of Potty Sessions, late of Bourko, arrived in Hay on Wednesday and commoncod his dutios on Thursday. Received : Tho Australian Skctcker for February, containing a view of tho Cootamundra disaster, by Mr Oarringt'm; /iivista Popular de laExposicion Rural International , JBuono* Ayres, No. 2. In consoquonco of tho insecurity of the bridge ovor tho Murrumbidgo«on tho Jerildorio railway line from Narandom, train did not go through on Saturday, and will not be allowed to oass -iver until further notico. Tho Murrumhidgoo is still rising. A courespondent at C -au Downs Station writes: Not much news hore. List wook wo had 5'77 rain, tho heaviest 24 hours being from Saturday to S -uday, 3.30. I think t ie floods wore tho highest known, sweeping away fences by tho mile almost. Prospects woro loesingvory bad, but in somo places there is a shoot of grass.' Mr Park, tho Chairman of the Hay Land Board has been for ome time in the town, attending to whatover duties may cl im his attenti -n. Mr M Guirin, the Secret iry, arrived on Tuesday evening. It in not at all likely that thoso gontlemon on tho staff that will be atatio.iod iu Hay will havo much to do for »omo considerable time. Tnnro is a dou,ht an j to whether when a settler has «»ent in tho division of ; his run that he approve, and tho and him self nettles tho final division, that the resumed area ' will be proclaimed open for ^election. T«» do so it would be neves ary to proclaim a special Land Board day for thnt run. The probability is that in uo divi sion will uLaml Board day be proclaimed until ihe division of all tho runs have been settlod. Should that idea be co rect we are not likely to see any selec tion before July. Of all tho trashy works that have been issued from the London printing offices, commond us to ' hiuese Gordon,' by Archibald Forbes, tho darling of the Sydney Morning Herald and tho Melbourne Argus. It is u mere catchpenny publication. A great Eng lish writer once wrote tho story of the '(Jock Lane Ghost' to got off the shelves of a Loudon bookseller tho sermons of a leaden 'divino,' but he did so to win bread. Archibald Forbes has no need of money, yet for a few hundred pounds he has foisted on tho English public this rubbish about a great soldier, a true gentleman, and an earnest Christian. If General Gordon had Mr Forbes' fate after writing such a work in his hands at the time the General took Soochow during the Taeping war, we do not think he would object to Li Hung Chang dealing with him a-t that famous and redoubtable I hiuese Bismarck did with tho rebel Wangs — easing him of his head. If this volume is put forth as an evidence that Archi bald Forbes possesses literary ability, then we would say such an execution would lead to no loss. Mr. Curling, who has recently succeeded to tho hairdressing business in the premises next Mr D. Murray's, lias fitted up the shop in a neat and comfortable manner. Mr Curling makes working in hair a specialty, hiving thoroughly learned that branch in tho centre of fashion, Paris. He has an advertisement specially interesting to ladies, olse whore. The Bondigo papers rocord the death of Mr Robert Mackio. As there are so many old residents of that district hore who havo known and deeply respoctod tho doceased gentloman, wo feel it is but right togivo a slight resume of his careor. Wo regret to see that ! even tho Ihndigo Advertiser , of which he was the main support for years, fails to give the sli jhtost idea ! oj Mr Mackio's history and makes the grossest mis takes. MrMackie was born in Scotland, and like, many othor North Biitishors made his way to London where, owiug to his ability as a shorthand reporter he was soon engaged on a leading morning papei, the! name of which we cannot call to mind, though we aro inclined to think it was tho Morning Chronicle. When i tho Australian goldfever broke out Mr Mackio made I hi* way to these colonies, and for some time under went tho vicissitudes of the early days. Ho was a 1 minor at Adolong and Tumut and olsowhero. Somo where about 1801, tired of mining which had then | be^an to decline ho took up his old profession, and bo I camo sub-oditor «nd stonographi ? reportor for the Bendigo Advertiser, then belonging to Mr Angus , Mackay and tho Hon. J. J. Casoy. Whon tho Now Zealand cold mania sot in Mr Mackio wont to that colony, aud was on tho staffs of sovoral of the papers of Maoriland; among others, tho Southland Times, Iu vercargill. After a while Mr Mackio returned to B»*ndigo and was on tho staff of tho Advertiser until 1872 whon ho resigned, and took a position Under the Verandah. He went thpre at tho wrong time, juit when tho tido was turning; so he was unsuccessful and had to accept tho position of editor of tho Riverine Herald, then owned by Mackav and Co. Mr .Vlackie never was robust and neither the work nor the climato agreed with him. He therefore decided, on the pressing invitation of his si*tor, to go to Lon don. Both on his ro-iirn -tio*i of his portions on tho Advertiser and tho Riverine Herald he received hand -ome and substantial testimonials from the employes, with whom ho was tho first of favorites, for he was tho most gonial and considerate of mon. Mr Mackio went home to London where ho rosided with his bister. An unexpected catastrophe, the failure of his brother- i in-law, forced Mr Mackie to seek employment and he I obtained it iu connection with the Exhibitions in ' Loud -n and Paris, through Mr Casev, who was then ! in the old country. When the Exhibitions closed Mr Mackie returned to Australia and was engaged undor Air G. C.Leyey in conducting tho 188D Exhibition in Melbourne. After that he was employed in the Consus Office, and also in connection with other mattors of a semi-official character, About two years ago Mr Ma-'kie's health, which had long beon delicato, began togivo way and he left Melbourne and settled in Sandhurst, so dear to all who have lived there for any time. We understand ho was well received by all his old friends and helped in everyway. - Being at .t-icked with paralysis and softening of tho brain ho had to bo received into the Benovolont Asyluai for treatment. Hero ho crraduaflv sank And died last week. K bettor man, a bettor friond, or a moro able journalist, could not be found — may his soul rest in peaco. Reoardinq tho railway accident the S. M. Herald writes ' The wrecking of the train occurred at a quarter to 8 o'clock ; tho washing away of the em bankment below Mullaly's mills was reported shortly after 6, and totweon 6 and 7 men weno ondeavoring to cross that they might carry tho danger signal for ward and warn tho train. But they did not know of the three breaks, and all their thoughts appeared concentrated on that one, and how to prevont the train running into it. If on tho discovery of that break some ono had thought of the possibility of tho Salt Clay Embankment being also washed awav, and a horseman had boon despatched thither, the train would probably havo beon s^vod. Tho courier could havo eono round to Hurley's along the routo taken by tho townspeople immediately after tho wreck. It would not have beon necessary to havo gnno so far as' Bethungra, and thoro is no doubt tho distance could havo boon covi-rod in good timo. Aftor somo mon got across the broak near Mullaly's mill, and had lit tho dangersignal at tho semaphore, thoy proceeds along tho lino, only to find tho second break, and before any successful effort could bo mado to cross i*, tho train was wrockod a fow hundrod yards furthor along. A host important item is cabled with regard to Now Guinoa. It now appears that tho British Government havo decided to abandon thoir intontion of annoxi'tg tho southorn portion of tho island. This step has beon docidod upon in consequonco of tho Now South Wales authorities having objected to contvi'»uto to wards tho increased expenses which annexation would involve. . . Tho man Gilhort, who was appro hendod charged with complicity in tho dynamito ox plosion in the Tower of London, has boon churgod at tho Bow^treet Polico Court with treason, and furthor remauded. Whon taken into custody he was found in poiflusion of a loaded detonator. The r«oenti dynamito outragos havo creatod an intense foeling in America, and as a rosult of this an ^Englishwoman in New York has attomptcd to shoot O'Donovan Rossa, tho notorious Amorican Fenian, who is supposed to bo tho loador of tho dyimmita* party, thero. Rossa es capod with a slight wound, and tho woman was arrostod. . . From tho Soudan wo hoar that tho robol force? havo abaudonod thoir position at Borti, whoro thoy woro oxpocted to show a stubborn I roaistance, and that tho troops under Gonoral Earlo I havo occupiod that placo. Tho greatest difficulty has boeu oxporieneod in tho ascont of tho Nilofrom Korti, but all obstaclot havo now boon practically ovorcome, 1 and t'to romaindor of tho journe, can boaccomplishod ? with comparative oaso. . . It is rumored that I E.R.H. the Duko of Connaught is dosirous of becom ing Govornor of Now South Walos, in succession to j Lord Augu tus Loftus. Mr Gladstono is said, how ever, to bo unwiJiiug to givo him tho appointmont. i ? 