THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. Sixth Dat.— Tuesday, January 27. XOTrOK OF MOTION. By Mr. W. Lock— 'That in the opinion of this Conference an improved method of dis tributing the Children's Fund could be according to the number of children j)er family. That a committee be appointed to examine the matter and report to the ne:ct Conference.' CIRCUITS, A lengthy discussion took place on the titlea_o£ the new Circuits formed by the re solution of the previous evening. The Rev. R. S. Casely moved that their names ba ' Kent Town' and the ' Norwood and Magill' respectively. The Rev. C. Lane moved as an amendment that ' Adelaide' be prefixed to the names of ths Circuit, thereby bringing them within the operation of the rule, which prevents a minister from remaining in the eaine toivn more than six years consecutively. The Rev. T. Lloyd supported the amendment on connexional and historical grounds. Ke said that it waa necessary to preserve the sentiment of brotherhood. There was danger of monopoly of town Circuits by a cer tain class of ministers, The Rev. R. M. Huxtee supported the motion, aa it was the desire of the Circuit Quarterly Meeting, and was recommended by the Dis trict Meeting. The Revs. W. T. Carter and A. Stubbs and Mr. W. Lock supported the amendment; which, was opposed by the Revs. D. O'Donnell and R. \V. Campbell. The amendment was carried by a large majority. A discussion arose, on a ruling given by the President that an amendment on an amend ment having been carried became a substan tive motion was not admissible. A motion wa3 submitted to the effect that the Confe rence dissented from the President's ruling, but after some debate this was negatived. It was resolved that Callington, Murray Bridge, Kanmantoo, and Monarto, bo sepa rated from the Mount Barker Circuit, to be called the Callington and Murray Bridge Circuit. A proposal to transfer Mitcham from the Unleyto the Pirie-street Circuit was made and withdrawn. ALTERATION OF NAMES. The name of the Kooringa Circuit was changed to that of the Burra Circuit, *hat of ' Yarcowie' to ' Terowie,' that of 'Wonoka' to 'Hawker.' NEW STATIONS. _ The Rev. R. S. Casely; obtained permis sion to introduce the subject of making some further provision for the religious wants of the German population of the colony. He said they as a Conference were under great obligations to the Lutheran Church. He moved—' That Mr. A. Fischer, of North Adelaide, be requested to address the Conference.' The motion was carried. Mr. Fischer expressed hia thanks to the Conference for allowing him to plead the cause of his fellow-coioaists — the Germans. He did not desire for^ any great publicity to be given to his remarks. There were about 25,000 Germans in the colony. He had en quired into their religious condition, and loug desired the Methodists to do something on their behalf, but jiad not seen how it was to be done. He believed the Lord had now taken the matter into Hie own haada, A letter had been received from Mr. Neilsen. a minister of the Methodist Episcopal Church in Germany, sympathizing strongly with the neceasiti-ss of the ease, and announc ing that agents could be sent were the funds available. There were about 100 Churches, affording accommodation to about 10,000 per son b, in this colony, which showed that even in the light of these facts the provision made wa,3 inadequate. Apart from statistics the tone oi the religious por tion of the German population was not satisfactory. In the Lutheran Church there was not enough vital and experimental religion. Acceptance of the ordinances was held sufficient, and personal eanctiiication lost sight cf. He quoted from the writings of John Wesley to show how it was in his time, and said it was the case still that they did not seek to make men holy. There was a large amount of unworthy feeling, and divisions had taken place for trivial causes. The teaching was not evangelical and spiritual. In some cases baptismal regeneration was taught. Conversion was not regarded as necessary to Church membership, ai)d unconverted persons were constantly ad mitted to the Churches and their official positions. There were great numbers to whom this state of things was extremely painful. Men and women were standing^ at the very threshold of the Kingdom. The German population of the colony needed a reformation as much as did their ancestors 400 years ago. He rejoiced that Methodism was doing a good work in the Fatherland, and he believed it was the body best adapted to thecase here. For himself he had no intention of leaving the Church in connection with which he bad been led_ to see the light, but was willing and anxious to do what he could outside its pale. He thanked them for their patient hearing, and left the case in their bands. i The T? resides? assured Mr. Fischer that the Conference was deeply interested in his statement, and would talie the case into it3 most careful consideration. It was reported that the Glenelg Circuit asked for an additional minister. The statistics of Church membership, &c;, were read by the Secretary. The most im portant was as follows : — S. Aua- W. Au3-| T u. In tralia. tralia. ?'?''*'? crease. Churches .. 235 10 245 9 Other preaching places .... 88 19 107 18 Ministers .. 61 9 70 4 Local preachers S89 8 397 4 Members .. 7,829 191 8,023 595 On trial .. .. 671 8 679 — Sabbath-schools 218 12 230 6 S.S. teachers .. 2,393 116 2,509 135 Sabbath scholars 18,083 1,082 18,921 245 Attendants on public worship 4C.4S2 2,820 49.302 2,118 A few verses of a hymn having been sung, the Peesident said they must ail feel ex tremely grateful that during the year they had enjoyed peace and contentment every where. The year had been one of quiet toil. Throughout the Church there was a better tone. The Rev. T. Lloyd said some Circuits had been highly favoured. There was a great deal of enterprise in their Sunday- school workers. They vrould need to maintain great watchfulness, for there were numerous adverse influences. Mr. Inglis, of Narra ccoitej said they had a ricjhtto expect success as the result of all the efforts they put forth. The Circuit he came from had been much blessed by a gracious revival. The Rev. J. Bickford wished to bear his testimony to the value of Church fellowship and to the saying power of the gospel. He had striven to realize and preach the doctrine of Christian holiness as he had never done before. In his opinion the time had come for them to enter more fully into aggressive work. It was no part of the Church's duty to amuae the world. Where this took place it was a token of spiritual weakness. The hour of 3 o'clock having arrived, when the notices of motion became the order of the day, the Eev. fi. T. Buegess moved his resolution referring to evangelistic services. He said it was fortunate_ that this came first, for they could discuas it without breaking the thread of the conversation. He believed that in some of t their methods there was a danger of becoming stereotyped, and some change might be introduced with advantage. His motion would enable them to maintain a constant evangelistic agency at work, which would be more useful than the fitful form of special enterprise they sometimes saw. They needed evangelizing agencies in addi tion to those mentioned in the resolution. The Rev. C. Lane added his testimony to that of others that the power of the Holy Ghost was even more important than any external means. An evangelist or revivalist needed to have deep sympathy with perish ing souls and strorsg faith in God. For a man to do special work he must live under special influence. lie must keep his mind in the right course, and not have his energies frittered away in attending to accounts. Those who employed him must treat him fairly — not expect him to bring a revival in his pocket, or after inviting him leave him alone. The question was whether any one felt in bi3 heart that this v?as his vocation. The Rev. J. H. Tkevoekow said that his early exercises in connection with such bands as were mentioned in the resolution had been of great benefit to himself personally. In his present Circuit such bands had been formed, and had proved a great blessing. The Rev. p. O'DoNSELL objected to making such regu lations as were proposed. The plan suggested had been tried elsewhere and found unsatis factory. The Rev. R. M. Huxter agreed with the first part of the motion, but; not the latter part. They must adhere to thei-rei.c!i- ing of the gospel, and if bands of workers came in for the after-meeting they would prove of great use. The Rev, J. Y. Si:.ti'*o.n described the work of the kind fchat was going on in his Church and its success. The Rev. S. Ksight hoped the Conference vrould pass the lefiolution, so that sanction might be given to those who sought to employ unusual methods to influence tbe masses. ^ir. Pacll said he hoped they would _ not be content with merely passing resolutions, but would adhere to the Epirit of them. TheP^v. E,. W. Campbell said the purpose of God was to save the world by the pro clamation cf theKOspel. Ke did not object to those who could work ia irregular fashion doiiig so, but he was cot called to engage iu it. Mr. Nock said the resolution was not reauired, fcr they were free to act in tb.2 way it suggested without it. Mr. J. Scott de plored the fruitlessness of muck of their labour, and urged that they should ohertth $?V™^Bdvn^tiM»Md*eoogniie that their great work; waa to save bouIs that glow might be brought to God. Mr. Buaosss havmg bnefly replied, the motion was carried. The Hon. J. Casb moved, pursuant to notice, for the abolition of the term catechu men, as applied to jnnior Church members. He very much disliked the word. The junior members were members as truly as anv others, and therefore should not nave a.uv inferior appellation. Mr. Nock seconded. The Rev. J. BickfoM) gave an historical sketch of the term catechumen, and showed that it meant persons who were under train in' for Church membership. Several others ook part in the discussion, opposing the alteration, and the motion was lost. 