^DD AND SUNSHINE, I OUAPTER II (CONTINUED). Bessie only doubted whether the costly apparel of a penniless bri4e would enhance hor beauty in the eyes of a mother naturally jealous of her son's affection and expendi ture ; but she said nothing, aud it was soon settled that Bessie should make a shopping expedition to town on the following after noon. , . ... 44 Then when your mother and Lasilda see me in that large and imposing garment I shall look more matronly, they will not think me such a child,' the small creature cried, drawing herself up in a stin rehearsal of the dignity to come. Whereat Frank laughed and told her he now understood why she had chosen that sentry- box of an overall in preference to something more suited to her size. They played with the idea after the fashion of light-hearted young people, and laid their plans for the coming Christmas as gaily and hopefully as though there lurked no shadowy fear of her new relations in-law in the back-ground of Bessie's thoughts, as though Mrs. Monteith was ' sure to take her new daughter to her heart, N as though Casilda could by no possibility ) be disagreeable, as though no storm-cloud9 ?with potential powers to crush her could or would gather in the steel-blue wintry sky. 'Make a good purchase,' Frank cried gaily, as the young pair parted at the little gate, in the crisp blue wintry sunshine of the next morning. 'And be at Cbaring Cross station in time for the five o'clock train.' Bessie gaily promised obedience to both behests, and the young man started quickly off on his walk to the station, turning back as he reached the corner of the road to wave a cheery farewell to the still watching girl. Somehow her face and figure as she stood ? there in her pretty warm dress of dark red, with the feathery golden curls blown back from the smooth brow, and the bright car nation tints of cheeks and lips, enhanced by ? ? the kiss of the keen wind, printed itself in delibly on his memory, was doomed to stand there in cruel contrast to a picture yet to come. 'Heaven bless her, she looks happy, as though she had not a care in the world,' he murmured as he turned away, ' and she shall not have one if my love can shield her — my pretty, loving, innocent Bess.' He was thinking not of his proud, just mother, whose heart he knew to be sound 4 and warm at the core, and of whose final subjugation he entertained little doubt, but. of Casilda, the proud, passionate sister, whose mad love he had thwarted, who, when he last saw her, had sworn never to speak to him again, who was now coming an uninvited guest beneath his roof. ' I wish I felt quite sure of Cassy !' ho cried with an uneasy, would-be contemptu ous laugh, at his own haunting fear, ' she is just the girl to plan some melo-dramatic vengeance, or bear a grudge against my poor Bess, because I thwarted her. How ever, I shall be on my guard, and if ? ' His handsome face was dark and threaten ing as he uttered the last words, but sud denly, as though struck by some patent absurdity in his defensive musings, he gave himself a vigorous shake, and cried with brightening looks, ' but I deserve anything that happens to me, conjuring up mock terrors in this fashion because poor Casilda has a movement of Christian charity, and chooses to make up our quarrel at a period of general peace. Her troubles have been . heavy enough, poor girl ; I need not add to them by my mistrust.' And meantime, while Frank Monteith thus resolutely argued down the very stub born uneasiness that beset him, Bessie made her way back to the house like a girl in a happy dream. The crisp exhilaration of the brilliant winter day set her young pulses bounding, and filled her with an innocent unreflecting happiness. She felt that it was good only to live, to tread the crisp earth with light, elastic step, to look with happy, dazzled eyes upon the deep blue cloudless sky, to look forward to her life of happy duties and simple pleasures, to feel herself guided antl guarded through all danger by Frank's great and generous love. She had almost reached the picturesque trellised porch, that looked green and leaf less still among its leafy neighbours, when she became suddenly conscious! that some one was walking rapidly up the path behind her, and turned, on a natural impulse, to see who the early visitor might be. She saw a man, whether young or old she would have found it difficult to say, he was muffled so closely in the folds of an old great coat, the collar of which was drawn up to his chin, while the large slouch hat almost hid a pair of sombre, feverishly Bhining eyes. There was something strangely discom fitting in the look of the tall figure that as it drew nearer and nearer seemed more and more unaccountably familiar to Bessie Monteith ; the brightness seemed to pass out of the day, and she drew the scarf about her face and throat more closely with a little involuntary shiver, though she had been glowingly warm only a moment or two back. .'How foolish I am,' she cried im patiently ; ' It is some man asking alms, or subscriptions, or ? ' She paused there, all the pretty rosy colour fading from her face, her blue eyes darkening with half-conscious terror as the man came up and addressed her, for though his words were common- place enough, bis voice was as familiar to her as his aspect. ' Yon nre Mrs Monteith ?' ' Yes,' she answered, timidly, aud just as his question had been an assertion, the eager look of ber bright, frightened eyes made ber assent an inquiring appeal. ' And you were— Bessie Redfern P' 'Yes,' she whispered again, her eyes dilating more and more, her pretty parted lips growing pale. ^ ' Bessie— do you not know me ?' He raised bis hut as ho spoke, the wintry sunlight foil with clear searching brightness on a worn and haggurd, but4 still darkly handsome face, a face that conjured up a thousand aching aud bewildered memories in Bessie Monteith's mind. Where had she seen thoso perfectly chiselled features, those sombre, broolinjr eyes, and those short-waved locks, wbo-e soft blue blackness was so thickly streoki-d with grey F — only surely a dead man's face — only in the far back days of her untroubled youth. ' Bessie !' the voice,. witlij.ts tone of half angry, half pitiful appeal, had a cruelly familiar ring, ' have you wholly for gotten me, or do you take me for my own ghost ?' The question broke the spell of dreamy terror that held her. She moved her pale lips once or twice in a vain attempt at speech, then said with a resolute effort: ' If you are really a living man, you must be — Dick.' ' Yes, I am Dick,' he answered with a haggard smile, that was sorrowful, mock ing, and defiant, all in one. ' Dick, the ne'er do well, in worse plight than ever, penniless, hopeless, and broken down in health; I am come to fling myself upon your mercy. Come, give me a kiss of welcome, Bess.' He came nearer with both arms out stretched, but the girl drew back with a little shuddering cry. ' No, no,' she said, a look of vivid horror flitting across her too expressive face ; ' do not touch me, please, I could not bear it. Only tell me what you want ?' jie drew back instantly, his dark eyes flashing one look of deadliest hatred at the pale and trembling girl, but he answered with perfect coolness and suavity : ' Not a warm welcome, or I should be doomed to disappointment, here where I have the most right to expect it.' ' Most right ?' she interrupted, her soft tones hardened and altered by an almost passionate acorn. ' You have small hope of any welcome in this world, if your greatest claim is upon me.' 'It is,' he answered, smiling still, but his smile held more anger than many a scowl has done. ' Fortunately, I do not care for sentimental greetings, my wants are of a more material kind, and therefor© you may find it easier to supply them. Listen, Bessie, this at least, you will not deny, whether you are glad to see me or not, it is both your right and duty to help me, my dear.' This, time Bessie Monteith's lips framed no iudignant denial, her blonde head bent lower and lower, as though bowed down with some cruel crushing weight, and onhei cold clasped hands there fell a couple of scortching tears. The man stood looking at her, and twist ing his soft, black moustache in a meditative fashion for several moments before he spoke again, then he said roughly : ' For Heaven's sake, dry your eyes and behave like a sensible woman, I am asking you only to help, not to acknowledge me, so there is no need for all this high tragedy business.' CHAPTER III. Charing-Cross station was all bright whiteness and cheery bustle when Frank Monteith came briskly in that afternoon to keep his appointment with his wife. Out side there was a chill white mist from the river, and the coming into such sudden ra diance rather dazzled him at first, so he did not see Bessie till she slippled her cold little hand within his arm. ' Ah, here you are, pet, I hope I did not keep you waiting. It is bitterly cold to night.' She murmured something that was lost in the screeching whistle of a departing train, and knowing himself pretty punctual, he did not trouble to repeat the question. Nor had he time for others until they had taken their places in the carriage and were speeding comfortably through the thick steamy mist that blotted the landscape from their sight. ' Well, little woman, and how about the wonderful purchase?' he said. ' Do satin and fur lend you sufficient dignity of age ? Will your mother-in-law recognise you as a fellow matron in that imposing dress ?' He leaned forward, his eyes bright with love and laughter, but Bessie drew back with a little shiver into her warm corner, aud only blessed the fog that hid her white face from his gaze. ' I — I — you will think me very fanciful and hard to please, Frank,' she said, with what seemed to him an oddly affected laugh, ' but the fact is, dear, I saw nothing that quite suited me, and so I made no purchase at all.' ' No ?' he echoed, bewildered a little by the strangeness of her manner, ' but you ordered something, I suppose ?' ' Yes— no — how absurd I am !' the girl said, pressing her seal-skin muff against the pale, pretty lips that would tremble over the prevaricating words. ' I did not quite order a cloak, Frank : 1 6aid I would come and choose one another day. You are not amyry, dear ?' ' Angry, no,' Frank said, but he did not emphasise the answer with a kiss, as under l ordinary circumstances it would have been j natural for him to do ; on the contrary, ho drew a little away and looked with an ab ! surd intentness out at the blank wall of fog, j ashamed to acknowledge even to himself , that he felt hurt and angry, because his M avilWf1'' '' ? ? ?, ? ww young wife had not boon superior to the weakuess of hor sex. ' What an ass I am,' he reflected, gnaw ing the ends of his moustache, 'why should she have more Sputan firmness or know her own mind better than any other pretty woman ? And as for her manner, why, of coarse, I frightened the poor sensi tive child with my Blue heard airs.' Accepting this plausible explanation of the nameless thing thut had vexed aud troubled him in Bessie's manner, he cawo back to her with conscience-stricken quick ness, only to find that she was weeping hys tericallv in her corner. ' Bessie, my darling, whit a brute I have been,' he cried, forgetting everything but, his receut anger aud hor prosent ?? grief. j ' You are not crying because I ? ' j 'Oh, no, no,' she broke in, eugorljv! between her sobs; ' for nothing you have - done, you are always good, and. kind, but. I ; think I am not very well; I feel so tired ' and weak.' i ' Of course, you do, you foolish, unreason- j able child ; you have been doing the work of ! a Hercules in petticoats this week, aud now are feeling the re- actionary strain. But you must npt break down now, Bessie; remember my mother and Casilda will be here to-morrow.' ' I remember,' she whispered, and he felt the cold, slight fingers tremble m his clasp, but wisely and kindly ignored that evidence of fear, and went on in the same jesting tone : ' Very well then, do not force me to discredit my own taste by presenting a poor, pale spectre in the place of my blooming bride. . Bessie smiled, and with an aching grati tude for the kindly words that covered her pitiful weakness, tried to pay back cheerful ness with cheerfulness, and calm with calm. She certainly succeeded in banishing her tears, and even then managed to talk with something like ease and coherency before they reached their journey's end ; but all the same, she left and knew that she left upon her husband's mind a vaguely uncomfort able impression of something wrong. ' A fear that may grow into a doubt, a doubt that may at any moment become a suspicion,' she thought, gazing at the honest, frank face beside her, with pain and horror in her soft eyes. ' Oh, my darl ing, to think that there should ever come a secret between you and me, that its blighting shadow has fallen over us already.' The fog had lifted a little when they reached their station, and the moon shed a clear, bright light aoross their path, so they decided to walk home through the long lane whose hedgerows were powerded with a glittering hoar frost, and across the breezy common. It was a short walk and a favourite one with both Mr. and Mrs. Monteith, but before they had completed half the distance now Frank noticed with a keen pang how the old springing lightness had vanished from his wife, how heavily she hung upon his arm, and how her head turned incessantly from side to side in nervous, restless fashion. ' Is she ill — or what ?' he asked himself m vague terror ; and the face he looked at certainly gave his question no satisfactory answer. It could not be the moonlight only, that made it so ghastly white, or gave the soft eyes that black rim, and eager, fright tened look. ' You are too tired, it was wrong to let you walk,' he said abruptly, glad to find a scape-goat for his uncomfortable thoughts ; 'but we are nearly home now, Bessie, courage for a few steps more.' She persisted that she was not tired, and walked on more rapidly until a turn of the road brought them in sight of their own door, and then, even the sadness and terror that oppressed her were forgotten in surprise at what she saw. ' Look, Frank !' she cried excitedly, but the appeal was unnecessary, for Frank had, of course, seen the open door, the fly laden with luggage, and the evident bustle of arrival, as soon as she ; and was hastening up the gravel path — ' Who can it be ? — not — (To be continued. J 