Why She Wanted a Kiss. ' BTiss me again,' Sybil Sartoris spoke these words in a grave, calm manner that betokened the nerious import in which she held them, and as Herbert Hold fast bent tenderly forward and pressed his lipsv softly to hers, she looked up to him iu tho sky, oat-on-the-baok-fenoe fashion, that had so witohed him in the golden-hued da; s of court snip. . . There was,no tint of deoeption in tho pure ' nature of this girl, and her overy act was the- result; of reflection, often profound. Brought up in Boston, she hod all her life been acoustomed to put to its best nBe tho power o£ discernment which a thoughtful mind gave her. Surrounded as she was by tho mystio in fiuenoes of Emerson, the Concord yohool of Philosophy, and several Urge warehouses where mackerel were sold, It is small wonder that when, standing on the threshold of woman hood, she beheld suitors for her heart and hand approaohing, she had analysed with oritioal cure the hopes. and fears of each — hud subjeoted ' the character of every wooer to tho rigid scru tiny of a mind that, seated cross-legged on thff starry summit of psychological reseuroh, looked upon a man as only vivified protoplasm, and the deepest emotions of tho heart as merely the manifestations of a too active nervo centre. Herbert knew this. He knew that this girl, iud fuuuutsu uurvttt* oi wuosq ngure ana ine dewy sweetness of whose lips would have made ' an anchorite leave his job without a pang, had naught of passion in hor nature. And so whem he had complied— oh, so gladly — with her- ' request, there stalks from out tho banquet hall ' of his imagination, where they had sr- long been unwelcome guests, the sheeted ghosts of doubt and apprehension. Helchew now that Sybil loved him with a. love that would never falter or fail— a love that, seourely built upon a foundation of ronpoot and admiration, was now crowned with the large,, roomy, mansard roof of a deathless, never ohanging passion. f - Her words proved it. Never before had she even as muoh as hintott at a kiss, and when he had songht to take ono- / she had submitted to his caresses 'moro as a- , dutiful than aB an ardent lover. But now all was ohanged, and it was she who Bought the bliss — that a large, well-regulated, throo Btorey-and-basement kiss alone can givo. Tho thought was ecstacy. 'You love me better to-day, Sibyl,' ho said,' ' than you did yesterday. Is it not so, dsr» lingP' ' No,' she answers, standing there calm and pulseless bs a clam at high tide. 1 Then why,' ho says, did you ask me to M'* you?' ?Because,' Sibyl replieB, 'I' desired to ascertain whether or not you had been drinkinff rum.' 