Mew Salvation Army Uarracks at Nowra. .LAYING. THE MEMORIAL BLOCKSi— rRESENTA- iio.v or Colours. At an ourly hour on Thursday morning; horses, buggies, the coach, and other con veyances, from . all directions wore seen bringing soldiers and. friends to Nowra from all points of the - coinp.iss. The luujor unci iur«. uinusay iinviux arnveu and - received a proper hallelujah welcome, 11 a, in i found us gathered on tlio site and around the ! framo of our now barracks, uwaiting tor tho I commencement of tho coroinony ot laying one ! of tho memorial blocks. .The Major commenced - by giviug.out liyinn 62. A.lf.C; Hodges and myself j. then - led . in pruyur, .- after ? which -:tho bnlld playod 'Glory to' His' namo''' Major Lindsay thon spoke at longth, explaining what ?what wo wero thoro for, and other matters conuected with tho proceedings. Ho thon called upon Sergeant Hannighaii to lay the memorial' block, whioh ho did, and docl.irod it to bo well and truly laid in tlio namo of God tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and also in the namo of tho Roy. Wiilium Booth, Genoral of tho Sal vation Army. Soargoant Hannighaii then told how and why lio bocaino a soldior of tho Salvation Army, and also of somo of tho many blessings ho had rocoivod through tho Army. Ho t'rustod that this building would bo tho birthplaco of thousands of souls. Aftor a good volloy lie sat dowii, and tlio pooplo' commenced giving thoir contributions, lod off by Brother Hannighnn with £5 (ho had also given the ground, and lont monoy for building). Aftor a pilo of .nonoy had boon laid Upon tho blook, and wo had beon troatoil with somo good niusio from tho Staff Band, tho Major again spolto, and t lion wo ciosou tno mooting, i.' ailing 111 lor a march, ovor liinoty word' counted in tho ranks, so away wo marched to tho other hull for luncheon, where wo had aroal Army packed dm nor,. everything going off, in good stylo. Thon anothor march bnok to tho now building, whoro quito a big crowd was gathered again for the coromony of laying tho second block. Tho Major began the meeting by leading tho hymn Oh how hnppy- nro wo who the Snviour oboy, And have up our treasures above ! Tonwue can never express the sweet comfort im',1 peace Of a'Houl illlttl with Jesua' lovo Several prayed. A. D. C. Hodgos then read a loason from tho Book of Ezra. Then after the Major had spoken, ho called upon Brother John Faulk, who stopped forward, and in tho namo of God and tho Army, laid tho second blook. He thon turned and spoko somo straight, plain truth in his usual frank manner, and laid £25 upon tho block for himself aud £10 for his wife This was greeted with a tromondous volloy, und for somo time after tho pencil was kept going taking down tho namos of those who handed in thoir donations, seemingly glad of tho opportu nity of giving. Tho Major then thanked the people and announcod tho toa ; so having closod with prayor, wo foil in and marched away to tea. Wo had as little of tho drum as possible, owing to a comrado's illuoss in tho town ; but at tho tea we wero again cheered up, for as tho tables groaned bonoath tho weight of tho good things upon thom, tho pooplo crowded in and filled tho tablos. Others also kept coming in until everybody was brimfull of happiuoss and joy. Evorything was grand, and umid tho blooming flowers, ull passod of well. Aftor tlio tablos wore cleared and tlio doors again opened, tho peoplo packed thomsolvos iu like sardines iu a tin ; so without a march at 7.30 p.m., tho Major commenced by giving out tho hymn, Whene'er wo meet you always say; What's the news? Pray what's tho order of tho day— What's the news ! The Major said our was good nows— good to ourselves and good to everybody olso. Aftor we had by prayor taken hold of Omnipotence, and tho lesson was road, tho Major put A. D. C. Hodgos up to load tho oxperionoos, and for soino timo tho Nathans and warriors from the Kangaroo Valloy firod away hot and liouvy at. thodevil'8 territory. Mrs. Lindsay thon stopped forward, and having recoivod tho colours, wont on to oxplain what thoy woro to us, their sym bolical meaning, thoir need, and what had boeu done under thom. Captain Wudson anil Cadet Cross then stood up, and holding tho flag to gether. while tho soldiers stood at attention,' then received the colours for tho corps, and' each responded, promising to bo True and Faith ful to them until death. Aftor somo thundering volleys, tho Major coinmonced a short lecture on the rise and progress of tlio Salvation Army, the people .listening well until tho closo. The visitors woro delighted with tlio corps, and so was tho corps with tlio -visitors. After a pre cious time wo closod happy in God. — fVar Cry. 