The Extravagant lliiuln Legends 01 the Hindu logenda the moat striking feature ia their wildneaa, la it a protest againat the dull monotony of life in India ? Or ia life leas monotonous to the native than to tha European ? Lai Baliavi'a talea, any how, avo wilder than the wildeat bita of the " Arabian Nighta," A young man puts an egg of the toontoonia bird into a oupboard, and out of it comes a babe that grows into tho loveliest girl the world ever saw. The raannik atouo in some snakes' heads is worth the wealth of seven kings. In a oertain city an elephant ia king maker, but the king of hia choioe only reigns a day, for out of the queens mouth 0012103 a threadlike snake, which slays him in the bridal ohamber. A long-lost son, who had fallon in love with hia mother, and has mounted tha eow-liouae roof that ho may break in and carry her off, happily hears hia life's story from two oalves ! that are quietly diBcusHing him bolow. A wife going out of doors on a dark night aoot dentally knocks up against a Sankohinni, white lady ghost, that sat on a low branch. Tho revengeful oreaturo at onoe took her by the throat, thrust hoi- into a holo in the treo, and wont in, taking her ahapo so oompletely that tha mofckor-iu-law, that universal inmate of tho Hindu hut, was dceoivod. The only difference was that, whereas the wife had beau weak and languid, tho ghost was brisk and active. " She has turned over a new leaf j so muoh the better," said the mother-in-law, when the errands and tho cooking were done in nest to no time, But one day the old woman caught sight of tho ghoat fetohing something from the next room ghost fashion, by strotohing out a long arm-for ghosts can stretoh their limbs a great way, though not aa far a» Bakshasia can, She said nothing, but told her son, aud thoy watched, and be fore long they saw the kitchon hearth ablaze, though they knew there w«a no Are in the house. Looking through a ohink they saw that tho wife had thrust her foot into tho oven, and that it was burning liko a bit of wood. 11 Sho'a a ghost," they whisporcd, aa thoy went for tho ojha, who tested her by burning tumeric under her noae. She proved her ghoatahip by screaming, and waa then hoaten with slippors till she confessed and showed whera tho veal wife waa, and waa again beaten till aha promiaed never to do the family any further harm.-All the Year jRowul, A sacred burden is this life ye bear 5 Look on it, lift it, bear H solemnly, Stand up and walk beneath it steadfastly, Fall not for sorrow, falter not for sin, But onw'ftrd, upward, till tha goal ye win. 