THE BOSTON MONDAY LECTURES. BY JOSEPH COOK.—NEW SERIES. CHRIST'S METHOD IN CHRISTIAN EVIDENCES. WHEN Dean Stanley visited, in Dresden, the reputed sceptic. Ewald, the great scholar snatched up suddenly, in conversation, a copy of the Greek Testament, and said, " I11 this little book is contained all the wisdom of the world." Even if it were impossible to answer the question as to whence the Bible came, it would still be sure of imperishable and colossal honor, simply for what it is. It contains what heals nations and ages. If it be the product of the human faculties and of historic development, it is assuredly, in everything relating to moral and religious truth, their highest product. Scientific theism assures us that natural laws, in matter and mind, are but the fixed and ordinary method of the divine action. If the Bible has been developed under natural laws, it, nevertheless, has come from God, and this in a very special sense, since no other product of equal merit has been developed by the ages. There is a God in conscience ; there is a God in history ; there is a God in creation. But these three are one, and that one is echoed in the Holy Scriptures so startlingly that the human soul, when brought to the right point, echoes the echo from its deepest and most sacred recesses. There is no other echo of God that the soul of man so echoes. It is as certain that the Bible came from God as that it leads to God. Whether inspired or not, the Bible is certainly the most inspiring book known to man. I have no fear as to the fate of the Bible. Iu the ages that rise into the clearest and loftiest and most devout thought, the Bible will be in the future, as it has been in the past, the pillur of fire through which God looks and troubles the host of his enemies and takes off their chariot wheels. Shakespeare is able to reveal himself only to the Shakespeare in us ; Milton, only to the Milton ; Demosthenes, only to the Demosthenes; Plato, only to the Plato; and, with proper reverence may it be said, Christ only to the Christ. If we were great enough to understand Christ we might need no evidence of Ilis deity, except an unobscured vision of His perfections. But we are fragments. We are cathedral windows, looking out only upon one side of the vast expanse of religious truth ; windows dimmed and narrow ; and it is very plain that the response of soul to soul, although efficieut in the Christian evidences, is not sufficient to cover the whole range of religious doctrines. Eight here at this outset, I beg leave to emphasise a distinction forgotten in very much of recent debates— an old one, very familiar a hundred years ago, familiar twenty years ago, between the doctrines common to natural and revealed religion, and the doctrines peculiar to revealed. I know by intuition, I know bj the unassisted powers of the human soul, the truth of most of the propositions in the sermon on the Mount. But do I know by any such method the truth of the doctrine that Christ was raised from the dead? That He it is who diffuses the Holy Spirit in human history ? That He existed before the incarnation P That He was the divine Logos by whom all things were made, and in whom all things exist, and that, iu some mysterious way, God is three substances, although only one Bubstance, a single being, although having three great methods of manifestation, and three peculiarities such that each may say to the other, "Thou?" That God has made an atonement for sin ? I do not know these truths by reason. If they are to be adequately attested to human beings, they must stand on some thing outside of the testimony of man's unaided faculties. There must be external evidence us well as internal. The pretence that the Christian consciousness is enough to give man certitude as to the whole range of Christian truth is to me an overworking of an hypothesis useful in its place. The Christian consciousness is a mischievously misleading guide, unless it is exactly harmonious with Christian conciouBness. I want no Christian consciousness as a guide, unless it be Christ consciousness. What if we drop the German method and the English method in the Christian evidences, the Trinitarian and the Unitarian method? What if we adopt Christ s method in the Christian's evidences. Admitting, what I hope to show, that we have a right to receive the literature of the New Testament as transmitting a truthful account of the origin of our holy faith, let me laise the the queBtion, How did Christ produce in the mind of His immediate followers the conviction of His own deity ? 1\. Arranging the Christian evidences according to the depths of the impressions which they seem to have produced upon the disciples, I, for one, educated here in New England, should put first of all what T call the physical evidence of the resurrection, reiterated again and again after the resurrection. Thomas the doubting apostle, met, according to the record, his risen Lora. How did our Lord treat his scepticism ? Keacn hither thy finger, and behold my hands, and reactt hither thy hand and thrust it into my side ; ana be not faithless, but believing." Thomas answered ; " My Lord and my God. Ihere never was recorded in history a more direct appeal to overwhelming evidence presented to the senses. This occurred again and again in companies of the apostles. This was Christ's method with scepticism. And yet He Baid, "Blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed." It has not often enough been noticed how often the identity of the Risen One with the One who was crucified and buried, and who rose again, is attested in the New Testament history by the most positive and precise physical evidence. This transitional evidence seems to be that which impressed the doubting apostle even more than the miracles which went before it. The proof of the resurrection in'the events of the forty days_, our Lord insisted on again and again in companies of His disciples sometimes when 500 of them were present. As the apostle Paul says, writing to one of the churches, and speaking in the tone of an eye-witness : " He was seen of above 500 at once, of whom the greater part remain unto this present." 2\. The next evidence upon which our Lord, and the apostles after Him, seem to have placed emphasis was prophecy. Did He not make the hearts of the apostles to burn within them on the way to Emmaus? Did He not open the Scriptures, and, beginning at Moses and all the prophets, expound all things relating to Himself ? You say, miracles and prophecy are of little weight. Of what weight were they in Christ's method of presenting the Christian evidence? His many miracles, during His life, He treated, sometimes, I might almost say, with lightness ; and at times, also, with a seriousness of an unfathomable kind. "Ifthe mighty works which were done in thee had been done in Sodom and Gomorrah, they had repented." In view of these works, certain citks were to be condemned to a far more severe punishment than they could have incurred if they had never seen the works. It is impossible for us to maintain that Chriet did not make His works of account. 3\. The next point in Christ's method is his own personality. His own sinlessness he insisted upon as a proof of hiB oneness with his Father. " Which of you convinceth me of sin ?" "I and the Father are one ;" that is, morally one, and as I believe, he taught, one in nature. The sinlessness of our Lord was, undoubtedly, insisted on by himself as the chief miracle in his career. The greatest of all Christ's miracles is Christ's own character. 4\. It is the joy of my life to teach the axiomatic truths of Christianity. The accordance of His doctrines with self-evideut truth is insisted on by our Lord iu those cans and cannots of His discourses which exhibit the necessity of the new birth. 5\. Our Lord promises the gift of the Holy Spirit; and did He not fulfil His promise, and did He not, in the works of the transational period between the resurrection and the day of Pentecost, so unify the evidence given in the visible state and in the invisible as to make'it clear that the influences from the invisible world were exerted by the same personality that had appeared to the disciples in the visible sphere? How do we know that Christ pours forth the Holy Spirit ? How do we know that, wherever the Holy Spirit is, there He touches us ? How do we know that our ascended Lord is substantially present wherever the Holy Ghost breathes upon us? This was His doctrine taught in His life; and, if you will noticc the appearances and reappearances and the doctrines inculcated in the forty days after the resurrection, you will find them all tending to this one point, the unity of the evidence given in the visible sphere with the evidence to be afterward given from the invisible, so that the churches from the outset might have full confidence that He who taught them in the flesh was now teaching them from the heavens. The Holy Spirit the continuous life of Christy that is a supreme argument in Ilis method of presenting the Christian evidences " I am He that was dead and is alive, and behold I am alive forever more." By following this line of thought, we shall come, I hope, to a new point of view, and convince ourselves of the worth of both the external and the internal evidences, or, rather, drop that division, and use Christ's method. It will prove gradually, by use, measureless superiority over any other that radically differs from it. Carlyle and Darwin also seem to have been disturbed by the mythical theory as to the origin of Christianity. It is easy now to show that this theory has been driven to the wall. I mean to make it clear that no scholar can now accept it, and that the legendary theory, as well as the mythical, has been abandoned in the loftiest places of learning. Never in the world's history, since the apostolic age, has Christianity stood more proudly erect on the evidence of her rendered reasons in the field of exact research than she does at the present moment. 