THE REV. W. T. CARTER AND METHODISM. TO THE EDITOB. Sir—Your correspondent "Verax" accuses me of crass ignorance, or its twin sister, deliberate dishonesty of statement. Rather strong language this, and such that no one should use unless perfectly certain it applied. If "Verax" will turn up Chambers's Encyclo pedia he will find the following extract m a notice of Whitefield and Wesley:— "He (referring to Wesley) went back to America, but not before a beginning had been made of his split with the English Church, whose clergy he offended by preaching in the open air whether he got permission from the parish clergyman or not, and by deviating whenever he thought fit from the liturgy of the church. It was about this time that doctrinal differences led to the separation of Whitefield and Wesley, both of them being by this time disowned by the Established Church." John Wesley came from a grand old dissenting family. His great grand father Bartholomew Wesley was one of the clergymen ejected by the Act of Uniformity in 1GG2, and his grand father was often fined, imprisoned, and at last deprived of his living, for preaching contrary to the law of the Church of England. I advise " Verax" for the future to be less pro digal with his offensive self-assertiveness. The old saying that " a little knowledge is a dan ferous thing" is amply verified m his case, n reply to "John Wesley's Ghost," who also asks for my authority, I refer him to the above ; and Mr. John Lloyd's letter appearing in the same issue is perhaps a sufficient reply to his statement that Mr. Carter's lec tures had nothing to do with the action of the district meeting. I thought when I heard Mr. Carter's advanced ideas upon the cheerful sub ject of hell that it would bring the authorities of his church down upon him. Mr. Lloyd naively observes—"So long as Methodism exists no elasticity can be allowed in its doc trines." Mr. Lloyd may cherish this fond delusion, for it is nothing better, but Methodism can no more stand still than can any other system, religious or otherwise. The most orthodox Methodists of to-day would have been considered dangerous latitudinarians 50 years ago. So true is it that the heterodoxy of to-day becomes the orthodoxy of to-morrow; and whether we admit it or not, certain it is that the Darwinian doctrine of evolution and development applies just as much to the sphere of mind as to that of matter. -I am, &c.;, C.T. Adelaide, October 27, 1885. 