???? ?'? ' AC-% POPTJLL :; ^ ? ? : 'By' the Flaneur. ' Sound, sound tho, clarion, fill tho fife, : '. ' To all the son3ual world proclaim, ,???'?'? One glorious hour of crowded lifo ; Is worth an ago without a name.' . ? . .? : . . . —Scott. Jacta est alta! The die is cast, and let us all pray that it may turn up, a 'sixer.' The Rubicon is passed, and for the first time Australia poses be fore the world as a warlike nation. On the 3rd of March the Aiistralian kangaroo was born again, the Goddess of Liberty being its mother, the Spirit of Bravery being its sire, and the Hon. W. B. Dalley acting as head physician on that memorable oc casion. Whatever the result of our daring- stop may be, one tiling is certain, and that is, nothing could have been more successful than the opening of our first campaign. The sight witnessed here on the glorious third was worth walking all the way from the Soudan to Sydney with buckshot and split peas in one's boots to wit ness ; and if it is true that a good beginnin g leads to a good end, it is a ca3e of good day, John, with the Mahdi's cause already. And amongst the very foremost ranks of the right things rightly done are the bills of fare provided on board the troopships for the internal comforts of our gallant men. I have no wish whatever to throw cold suds on the generosity of those Jshrowd large hearted donors who so thoughtfully slung in their donations of tins of rat-poison, boxes of Japanese fans, and gas stoves all stamped with the names, addresses, and terms of each sender, but as a warrior and a man I must say that there are times on the tented field when 'a soldier feels that he would prefer even a plate of tripe to all the tooth paste or essays on Criminal Jurisprudence in the land. As a man eats so shall he fight. Even our poets have had to own up to the truth and admit that, for if I remember rightly Prior sang— ' Observe the various operations Of food and drink in several nations. 'Was ever Tartar fierce and cruel, Upon the strength of water gruel ? But who shall stand his rn.ge and force, If first he rides, then eats his horse ? Salads, and eggs, and lighter fare, Tune the Italian spark's guitar ; And if I take Don Congrevo right Pudding and beef make Britons fight.' Pudding and beef our men will apparently have to their hearts' content, and if, when they land, they do not feel fit to crumple up a lot of date and sour-milk fed niggers, then it is time to haul down our flag and admit that the glorious kan garoo has degenerated into the ghost of a sleepy old derned gohanna. The very sight of the Iberia's bill of fare causes my mouth to roll forth streams like the Murrumbidgee, and this being Lent, 1 dare not think any further on the subject for fear I may be tempted to dash out and storm the nearest cookshop. During the past week,, a few, of my exceedingly too good . friends have expressed their greatest surprise in our public places at hearing that I had ?not exchanged my pen for the sword and gone, like, another Minstrel Boy, to the war for fame and glory. One very disappointed admirer, as he stirred the ice round in his shandy at the Exchange Hotel, even went so far as to say he remembered a little story told by Douglas Jerrold which ho thought would fit my case exactly, and this story ran along in this wise. When Douglas Jerrold and Laman Blanchard were both sehool mates, the cause of the Greeks, then wading into their war of Independence against the Turks, was fairly standing the whole of Eng land up on end. One evening, Douglas and Laman, whilst wandering about the streets of 'London; agreed to pawn all their 6-bladed knive?, school-books, tops, &c;, and set off there and then to aid the cause of the brave and patriotic Greeks. 'But,' added Jerrold with a sigh, 'a heavy shower of rain came on, and washed the Greece clean out of us altogether.' ?I Now, I fail to see what may be called the apro ppsity of that yarn to my case at all. Like John Stoefel, I am no oowavdi but I don't like to fight, except when my opponent is a very weak little man with only half a lung and no chest to live on The fact is, Sir 'Enry Parkes, Dawvid Buchanan, and myself were, the first to enrol a special corps of our own, and offer to squelch the Mahdi . There were only three of us in the squad, and we were all Commanders-in-Chief on full pay, but we strongly objected to go to war unless the fighting was carried on under a purely Scriptural sort of .pattern. . Accordingly, we waited on the War 'Office, and explained that as Gideon's Israelites blew down the walls of Jericho by blowing ram's horns, so also would we, the champion blowers of Australia, go forth and 'blow' the whole ca boodle of the Mahdi's gang clean off the face of the earth entirely. With its usual blindness to: the self -apparent abilities of Australia's greatest men, however, the War Office chieftains declined our patriotic offer with the greatest con tempt, and, elevating their noses to angles of 46, declared we were too small potatoes to bo noticed even by the meanest of the Egyptian fellahs. ' The time will come,', shouted we. ' Jiist so/' replied the War Office, ' but at present it's your tiuxo to go.' And go we did, accordingly. In spite of all the rabblo cries of jealous and designing men, howevor, thore is no shutting our oyes to the fact that Dawvid Buchanan is the real hero of tho present hour. Dawvid has travelled a trifle of late, and ho finds the country is in a mighty bad and unsetfclod state indeed. To quote his own Carlyle-in-his-dotage words — ' Gunnedah thinking- of our Soudan craze ridi cules mercilessly and laughs to scorn the whole thing ; Boggabri is rampant and even revolu tionary ; while Goouoo Goonoo is evidently on the verge of doubting tho existence of a Firsfc Cause. Narrabri is very thoughtful and grave in its condemnation of what it calls the gross ini quity of the entire proceedings.' Rather strangely, Dawvid omits to mention what Frog Hollow, Dirty Swamp, Dead Dog Gully and other influential places think about the disastrous business, but doubtless their contemptuous opin ions are withheld out of mercy for the man who has so ruthlessly burst up Goonoo Goonoo's belief iu the 'existence of a First Cause.' Like a second Taques, tho only Australian orator 'met a fool i' th' forest,' or to use the Mudgee junior's own words, ho ' met a lout under the verandah of a Gunnedah hotel/' and so graphic and soul- stirring Is the description he gives of the incident that, is Byron would cay, 'All who viow this dull lout in his glory, Conceive the scribe tho hero of tho story.' Fired by martial ardour and Marshall's beer, this lout, it appears, was doing a war dance round the place and daring- the whole of the Mahdi's men bo come on in order that he might punch their leads as big as firebells, or providing tho Govern uent put a ' baynefc' in his hand he'd start off bhere and then for the Soudan on foot and finish ;;he whole Egyptian trouble in one act. The first charitable thought that filled Dawvid's iouI was to borrow an axe and drive the lout feet .'oromost through the verandah floor ; but, curb .ng his fiery Scottish spirit, tho distinguished -rator resolved to try the effect of moral suasion, ind taking the war-struck maniac into a cool spot, ie borrovred his vroil-filled pipe and gently said— - ' My good friend, do you know what it is to have i bayonet thrust into the apple of your eye P Or :o have a musket ball sent through your throat ? 3r to have a cannon ball impinging on your inkle joint ? Or to have a sabre-cut on the .nouth, dividing your tongue, and bringing on lockjaw and death by starvation P' Strange to jay, the wild man of the woods know nothing ?whatever about the delightful sensation of having t yard of cold steel jabbed throug his eye, and he vas equally ignorant of how funny it folt to have me's mouth enlarged by a back- hander from a )lack-bottle champion swordsman, and so, falling m his knees before his deliverer, he exclaimed, ?' Oh, for God's sake stop. I never thought of all that. You have cured me, my good sir, and may 'orod preserve us all from such work.' And so, bidding the lout to arise and sin no more, Dawvid strode off, cheered by the thought that he had not lived in vain ; that he had rescued at least one poor soul from perdition, and that he still held bhe ' bushie's' pipe. ' Then the people, crying out aloud, exclaimed, ' What is this that hath happened to the son of Cis ? Is Saul also among the prophets ?' ' Had those astonished people lived to-day, however, they would have cause to throw up their hands still higher and cry out still louder .- ' What is this that hath happened to the son of Blowcanuon ? Is Dawvid also among the prophets P' Verily, Daw vdd is ; for, above all other things in this world, he lias, just to oblige his enemies I presume, written a book on the Book of Books. In other words, he lias, despite the fate of the rash man who dared to even touch the Ark, issued a sort of Biblical vadc mccum, which consists of a choice collection of maxims, &c;, culled from the Sacred Book, and (please don't laugh) explained and commented upon by Mr. D. Buchanan ! Not having a copy to hand at present, I cannot quote as many sublime selections literally as I would wi&h;, but in all probability the following will more than suffice. The volume, I presume, opens with a ' heading quotation' from the prophet Amos, which says, ' Behold I will screak under you, as a wain that is ladan with hay.' And then the new Bible expounder begins, ' Fools despise wisdom and instruction.' (Proverbs.) '' Ma coonshinso ! but what a ferrightfol exampul we hae o' this at th' present day. I ha' roorod ma voice hoarse against the gross iniquity o' the action o' th' Stoourf; Gruvernmunt respecting th' Soodan warh, but th' people took nae mair notice o' me than ef I wur th' daftest fool in Gladesville. But the inspired writur marks their doom fur he trooly says : — ' You have despised my counsel, and I will laugh at your destruction.'' (D.Buchanan.) 'Turrun we noo t' anither pairt which says, ' Be not wise in thy own conceit.'' (Proverbs.) 'Ehnion! but that's a ger-rand bit o' advice too, an' it proves tli' wisdom o' my own remarks t' Muster Dalley. The man has some points aboot him, bufc his vanity dims them a'. I thank heaven I am nae a vain mon, or a boaster like a' th' rest o' th' folk I see aboot me. The words o' th' whole book o' Proverbs are braw indeed, an', barring that they lack the gerrandoeloqucnt flow o' my own, th' sentiments expressed aro much th* eamo. Wo noo como ta' Jeremiah an* read : cDo wo not know that overy bottle shall be filled with wiue ?' This is ovadeently a base altura tion made by those villainous Jesuits o' old. Th' wurd shud be whusky, fur whar's yer thin, ''iri'awky Sbiraz b' tb' side o' a gud auld flask o' '' Glenluvit ? Ganging back t' Genesis we are told, *Now giants -were upon tbe earth ia those days/ Anither injoosfcice t' Scootland, and anither base act o' those unprincipled Jesuits. Th' wurd ' giants shud be Grants, who were a noble auld Scotch family, and this quotation alone proves ' the ansheenfc origin o' th' Scottish race. I am de scended mysel, through a bachelor uncle's side, from this grand auld ancheent clan.' Trusting I have quoted enough from Mr. Buchanan's clief d'muvre to awaken sufficient interest in our readers ... ? ' to impel them to either purchase a copy or peti tion Parliament to have the author sent to the nearest madhouse, I will conclude this par. by re gretting that the gifted Dawvid missed one verse 1 of his favourite Proverbs, which says — ' A wise ' man concealeth knowledge, but the heart of a fool '.Jpublisheth folly.' D'ye Icon that, Dawvid? Looking over the topics of the day, I find that some are ill, but the people of Summer Hill appear. ' to be the sickest of us all, and our never-to-be- , sufficiently-abused Railway Department seems to' 'be the sole cause of their trouble. Lifting up his ; voice in a mighty wail, a resident of that favourite suburb says the passenger receipts at this station amount to over .£6000 per year, with the issue of about 180,000 tickets ; and 82 passenger trains arrive and depart daily. Yet the only shelter from the eccentricities of the weather that our easy-going railway officials can afford to travellers in waiting is an upturned boot trunk, which bears a notice requesting the public not to lean againgt the walls for fear of rubbing off the varnish. To secure something more suitable, mass meetings have been held and mighty resolutions, which, had they been properly glazed, would have done for a waiting tent themselves, have been passed ; de putationists have indulged in the luxury of a three penny shave, donned their best clothes, and put on their most seductive smiles, in order to endeavour to soften their tyrants' hearts, and the Municipal Council has even ' taken action in the matter/' but all to no avail whatever. The authorities declare the present is the biggest boot trunk at their disposal, and then, by way of adding insult to injury, they sapiently point out that as Summer Hill was only a blackfellow's camp 200 years ago, and they had no necessity for a larger station then, they (the authorities — not the black? fellows) fail to see the urgent necessity for erect ing a larger one just now. The force of this reasoning is generally so great that the spokes-: man of the party invariably walks out and kicks his nearest neighbour ; that injured party kicks the next, and finally the crushed deputationists return, and start the whole of the township kick ing also. The result of all this is that any person who knows the facts of the case would no more think of taking- a house at Summer Hill than he would of starting a butcher's shop at the begin ning of Lent, and one of our prettiest and healthiest suburbs has an incalculable amount of injury done unto it. The only remedy I can see is for the down- trodden people to either get hold of a Sum mer Hill Mahdi and start a revolt at once, or else invite the Minister for Works out to a banquet, and when they have him there to glue him down to a seat and read Herald leaders to him until the torture proves too great, and he takes a solemn oath to furnish the place with a waiting-room that ?will be at least as large as a fair-sized fowl--, house. Now that a real live M.L.A., in the person. of Mr. Henry Septimus Badgery, has been hauled along to the tribunal of Justice and carefully potted for 5s., we may expect to hear of a bill being passed to the effect that King Charles, is dead, and, consequently, the best thing to do would be to bury a heap of his old jackass. laws, and enactments in the same hole as himself.;, From information received, it appears that, Mr., Badgery did wilfully and feloniously, and of malice aforethought, and to the exceeding detri ment of the peace of Our Sovereign Lady the Queen (who happened to be diving into her din ner at the time), ' exercise his worldly calling on the Sabbath Day.' For a smart man, as Mr. Badgery certainly is, he appoai-3 to have made his book up badly this time, for no matter how the affaiivwent he was bound to be a loser. It appears that a mob of cattle consigned to him from Grafton arrived here at 2 p.m. on a certain Sunday, and as they ?were fairly dying for want of water, the. con siderate Henry immediately clrovo the lot into his paddoclc at Burwood, where they, could; wot their whistles — or bellows rather — to their hearts' content. Had ho not done so, he: would have rendered himself liable to a fine under the Cruelty to Animals Act; and having done so,, he was promptly 'potted' by the police under the 29th clause of the Act of the Saintly old King Charles. Mr. Badgery was politely but firmly told he would have to donate 5s to the State, or porch himself in tho public ' stocks,' and make a 'cock- shy ' of himself for the recreation of the,, mirth-loving passers-by ; that being the ;.;only,. alternative allowed. Unfortunately for us all, this terrible desperado hajjpened to have the 'crown' upon him. Had ho not, the authorities would have experienced some little difficulty in inflicting the 'stocks' alternative, as we are rather short of those apparently very necessary articles at present, In point of fact, we have not owned a. pair since the good old days when we used to turn off a set of eight or ten culprits before breakfast up Church Hill way every morning, and it is really a pity some of our Sab bath desecrators are not patriotic enough to buck against the usual fine, and in true dramatic style exclaim — ? ' No ! vile tyrant, no ! The koyind.' sky above ! Shall no'er be'old thy terryany prevail. '. i Base is tho slave that pays.' ' ! Brim; forth, yer despized stocks ! My berlood be ou thy 'ead : thus 'eroos dye.' ; When that patriot rises up our rulers will find themselves sitting on a hot stove, and steps will at once be taken to give the merrie monarch and his bald-headed laws that rest which they most undoubtedly deserve. It is a remarkable and an ennobling trait of Irishmen and particularly of Irishwomen that no sooner have they made a pile in a foreign country than their first thought is to take a trip home and see their dear old native land once more. They, above all others, can truly say ' there is no place like home ;' and time after time I have known men to leave their mansions here merely for the sake of having a look at the rude little cabin in which they first saw the light of day. Once the average Scotchman leaves his native heath, however, he doesn't care a dump if the whole place dries up and blows away ; and the same may in a measure be said of the Englishman and Welshman also ; in point of fact it is far easier to find a dead donkey in Wales than a home-returned native. Bearing these facts in mind, I am pleased to be able to tell',; our Irish readers that still another road is to.beropen.ed by v. means,. Of i which they will be enabled;, to skip \up and dance ; on their emerald turff once more. In; -the ?.?.?spring of next year, when it is, expected that ; the line; .of railway, connecting -Quebec and Montreal with British Columbia and Vancouver's . Island .will; be open for traffic, a. line of steamers will: commence plying between, the- Pacific Coast, of British. Ame rica and Australia, China, and '.Japan; (By. 'the ?way, our1 Chinese friends are great home-lovers [also, and .this will, interest them, I'm sure.) In [point of distance this new line will be one of the ^shortest routes we will have, and the novelty of [the virgin country over which a great part of it [will run must prove an inducement to those who :have grown weary of the old tracks to try the ihomeward trip again. The company is already formed, and a loan of two millions sterling has been moated for the purpose of constructing a bridge rover the. -.St. Lawrence, so that there will be no delay with, the Atlantic seaboard traffic during (the' winter months, when that noble river is as 'full of 'ice as the polar seas. When we Consider that- it is- barely 30 years ago since 75 jdays in an, old sailing tub was considered a lightning sort of passage, we have reason to be proud Of the advances made in our ship building art and naval knowledge ; but at the same time. I am still hopeful that an overland roiite wiil be found to Europe, because I find that the ::rivolous and unbecoming motion of the waves between this and even South Head prevents me ::rom taking the worth of my money out of the cuisine departments of our home-going steamers. The sea is a lovely sight indeed — especially when one can' view it off the balcony of a Manly Beach hotel. - ' 