Nonsense. Mbn of decision—Judges. Lying in wait—False scales. A new grain, a hybrid between wheat and rye, has just been produced. The public will await with no small degree of interest to see the kind of whisky it will make. Advice on the subject of ghost-seeing given by a hardened sceptic to a young friend—" My dear boy, if a ghost comes in at the door, take a pistol; if he comes up through the floor, take apilL" A small son of a Baleigh man, when asked if he was not very much frightened when the lightning struck his father's house, replied, "No. de Lord wasn't gwine to hurt me; it was daddy he was after." " The only thing to mar the pleasure of the occasion," wrote an Arizona editorof a funeral, " was a little difficulty between the clergyman and one of the mourners concerning the ownership of a flaskfound in the carriage they had occupied." A New" York man ate twelve quarts of strawberries in one hour. They must have been the trade quarts, where the bottom of, the measure tries to climb out over the top. Scene—Doctor's house. Little boy, at the front door—" Is the doctor in f 'Cause, if he is, I want to see him at once." Servant— "He's not in." Little Boy—"Well, jost as soon as he gets home, you tell him to come over to our house and take that baby away he left last week. It's in the way." English grandmother, wishing to instrnot a little daughter of Erin in something nseful: " Come here, child, and I will teach yon how to know the clock." Molly, who would much rather not learn to know the clook just then : " Sure, granny, I needn't be learning English time when I am going home so soon!" Scotchman: "What'U y* haef" Frenchman : "J vill take ft drjp of contradiction." •Scotchman: "What's'that?". Frenchman: 'Veil, you put in de whisky to make it strong, • de water to make it weak, de lemon to make It ' sour, and de sugar to make it sweet: • Den you say ' Here's to you t' and you take it yourself." The time for a man to. stand firmly by Job's example is when he washes his face with home-made noap and begins to -paw around over the chairs with his eyes shut, inquiring for a towel, quick, and is told that the towel is in the drawer, but the keys are lost. Woman, bless her bright eyes, can make roses bloom in the desert, and when bo minded she can give to the most common-place affaire of life rather much of a rainbow lbpk - but to save her eye-brows she can't usea pen without getting ink on her fingers, any more than she can. remember the day of the month. ,' "Aire there any more jurymen who'harea prejudice against you F" wluspared the 'young awyer. "No boss, de jury amallright, but 'ginning to hab & prejudiceegainfct During a season of great JnragMLthe inhabitants of a certain parish in Essex—at leost it is said—sank a deep well at the publio ex-' pease. The well having been dog, the large heap of earth which had come out of it was by common consent voted an eyesore which ought to be removed. - A parish meeting was accordingly held to consider how the obnoxious heap should be got rid of. Miany suggestions were made as to the best way of dealing with it, but at last it was proposed and unanimously carried that they should dig a large hole and bury it. "Well," said the doctor, " tomeit'splain,: then, That (he business of a -lawyer don't make angels out of men." "Well, doctor," said the lawyer, "is.thatX must opine That the medical profession's: just the opposite • of mine." .. .V; An a letter-carrier started to enfer'a yard the other day a dog rushed at him andllr&ve;'him out, and as he limped into a. shoemaker's shopon the corner he was 'asked by the owner, " Vhell, didt you meet my new dog P ", "Ton bet!" "Hod didt he bite youF* "Snapped me here in to leg like a stpel trap.^ Ah! He vhoB recommended >to me ash a -dog *ho would bite, but I doan' know if-dersunjied to me or not. Vhell, Vhell! Sohe does bite,- ehf Dot satisfies me, nnd I doan' worry some mote" •"... •' " • • •••'•'- AMaBBaehuBBtts State senator remarks: "It is bard to pleaee one's constituents. A few days after' I went to the Senate for the first time X made my maiden speech. I laid myself out on it, and I went put, and there I met Mr. Rnnerty, whoboaBted of having' mora political inflooemce - than t any doinmed - man. in—th' Ward.' He was red. in the rfcee, and very angry about.something. ' What's the matter?' I enquired. ' Matter,' he replied; 'we want yoo to distinctly understand* (with emphasis) 'that we didn't cleat you. for epache-mabing. Wfaat-we want of you hereafter is' silence, and' (impressively} ' dommed little of that! " . One Sunday morning'a party' of PaiBley weavers, whose wives were "down the water" lor the season, ^ere anxious to get across from . Gpurook to Dundoh. Deeming it a profanation, however, to engage an oared boat for the parpose, " the •oat he was gaim' that way at ony rate." "Bat what's the moral difference, pray," asked the negotiator,'' between being row^ over w oars and towed by a steamer ?" , " Difference! There's ahmtle o* difference between rowing by the power o' man, whamaun answer for what he doo,'and twa waterwheels pu'ing ns; in other words, gin ye wad hae ns to be mair particular, a steam-engine's no a moral beine, lt's no sin accountable agent 1 