VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB SPRING MEETING. FIRST DAY. -SATURDAY, OCT. 10. Stewards-Messrs. IL Smith, A. K. Black wood, J. L. Purves, W. Martin, and M. O'Shanassy. Judge-Mr. G. Vowles. Starter -Mr. T. Watson. Handicapper-Mr. E. T. Barnard. Secretarjr-Mr. N. R. D. Bond. Long before noon on Saturday last intend ing visitors to Caul field bad eerioas mis givings repecting the weather. Dull lowering clouds portended beavy rain, and as the wind was shifting towards the westward the prospects were gloomy indeed. Nothing daunted, however, by the threatening state of the elements, lovers of sport made an early Btart for the scene of action, both rail and road being extensively patronised. Long before the time set down for the decision of the first race the attendance had out numbered that of last year, and conse quently there was no fear of a financial failure, but ere the business of the day had fairly commenced rain came down in ear nest, and continued throughout the after noon until just before the last race, when the 6un shone out, and the wind-up took place in comparative comfort. The stand, which had been considerably enlarged, was crowded, especially when the heavy showers fell, but there was not a very large gathering of ladies, the dulness of the morning having had its effect upon the fair ser. Outside the enclosure also there was more than on average attendance, and the new stand, which was thrown open, was well filled during the time the races were being run. In addition to the enlargement of the grand stand various other improvements had been effected by Mr. Bond since the last meeting, and not the least appreciated was the new press room, though tjie press-box in the stand was inconveniently situated, as uot only was it ruehed upon more than one occasion, but it was so situated that when a race was being contested it was so thickly surrounded by the occupants of the stand that it was impossible for the reporters to see what was passing. This was pointed out to Mr. Bona, who promised to remedy the defect before the Cup day. The new scratch ing board was used for the first time, but it was not an unqualified success, as the figures were scarcely discernible at any dis tance from the tower. Mr, Warnecke's Cadet Band contributed to the harmony of the occa sion by the performance of Bome popular music, and the catering arrangements were under the direction of Mr. Skinner. Previous to the commencement of the, bueincss of the day the stewards held a meeting to take into consideration the conditions of the Maiden Plate, it having been contended that as it was a special race, and no provision bad been made foe allow ances, iillieB, mares, nnd geldings would have to carry the full weight It was 'evidently the belief of the afficiata of the club that this ehould beao, as the boobs and cards denoted that they were not to have the allowance. The stewards, however, decided that " allowance should be made, and the 3 Too Too, who had left his mare in under the impression that she wouldj carry 8st 61b., was naturally indij * had farther evidence of the 1 race in the number that went to the post, no less than 18 being saddled up for the. occasion. Jocular, who has considerably improved since he ran at Moonee Valley, was considered the good thine of the crowd, and his friends pnt down their money EO freely that he advanced to C to 4, while liberal odds were offered against anything else. Among the aspirants to fame were Beveral three year olds of promising appear ance, two of the best of them being Giroila and St Odille, both daughters of St Albans, and another good-looking representative of the family was Cyclops. Tasmania sent a remarkably nice colt in Highland Chief, who, however, had been suffering from a cold. The Trawler, a great fine chestnut son of The Hook and Signet, is a grandly-topped horse with not the best of fore legs, ana Mr. Pearson had a very useful second string to his bow in Parody. Sedition, too, looked like racing, and Buttress, a plain but power ful daughter of Angler, will probably be well served by time. Recall had but few friends, as he had not performed satisfactorily at Ballarat, but he proved that this must have been all wrong, for though Jocular looked like walking in at the turn, Robertson was only waiting on Recall, and bringing him up at the distance he settled the pretensions of the South Australian in a few strides, and won easily, the bookmakers thus scoring the first point, as the only bet we heard of in favour of the winner was 25 to 3. Backers, however, had the best of tf-e bout in the Hurdle Race, for Duration, who was in great form, was supported tor large sums of money, and after a most exciting race to the distance he drew away and won easily, though his stable companion, Mistake, would have troubled him had he not fallen at the last hurdle. Batty fortunately escaped any serious injury, and was soon on his legs again. No more interesting race than the Foal Stakes has ever taken place at Caulfield. The field con tained several youngsters that had appeared in public and won, and it was thought that the result would afford something like a true line for the Maribyrnong Plate to be decided at the V.R.C. Bpring meeting. Acme was, of course, the observed of all observers, and we can safely say that a fitter two year old never trod a racecourse. She was full of life, and when Hales mounted her Bhe presented a picture which proved the appropriateness of her name, for she was to our mind as near the perfection of a thoroughbred as anything we have ever seen. Stronger but much plainer was the South Australian represen tative, Maddelina, a washy chestnut in colour, but possessing plenty of power, and bringing with her from her native colony the best ot credentials in two very easy victories. Iler countrymen were in no way dismayed by the confidence expressed by the Acme party, and they supported their opinion by substantial wagering in her favour. The Nun's victory at Fleming ten had raised the hopes of her friends, and as she had done well in the meantime they did not desert her. Anita was as fit as hands coul 1 make her, but she possesses an execrable temper, and was very fretful when undergoing her toilet. Sir William Clarke's second representative, Damocles, created a very favourable impres sion, and both he and the filly met with attention from those who had seen them striding along at Flemington. Dividend, who , had evidently received a most careful pre paration, struck us as a colt that would be [ more at home over five furlongs, and Uranus i is a colt not up to the weight he was called ! upon to carry. Edith was strung right i up to concert pitch, but Essie, a plain bat ' racing- like filly, presented a more mellow ap i pearance. The best-looking of the Caulfield division was Manxman It, whose trial was reported to have been an excel lent one. Neglected altogether except by a few was the useful-looking Munwyr tina, whose previous running did not justify anybody in regarding him as a ! likely winner in such company. Nor was De frauder looked upon with any favour, and the smart-looking Lottie was also nearly friend Jess,. From the country came CJelia, a blood like daughter ot Gang Forward, of whom some sanguine admirers were exceedingly fond. The rain, which had descended pretty freely, had rendered the track rather holding, and fast time was out of the question, but the porous nature of the ground soon carried off the water, and the goin<* was far better than it would have been at Flemington under similar circumstances. When the 14 com petitors assembled at the post, the jockeys gave Mr. Thomas Watson a great deal of trouble, and several times they broke away at inopportune moments. When the flag dropped they were pretty well in line, bat Damocles unfortunately dwelt at the post, and the colt, being new to the business, did not get going until the others were a dozen lengths in front of him. Hales, who had the outside berth on the favourite, got oft well, and very wisely kept his own ground, thus escaping any interference. Munwyrtina, who got off with the favourite, held the lead, with Acme ana ine i>uu. in ciubc uLLeuutuitv, uuu us they swept round into the straight the out sider was going so strong as to raise the hopes ot the ring men, who had not laid a, shilling against him ; hut Acme on the whip hand was also full of running, and Hales had not yet called upon her for a final effort. Below the distance Munwyrtina jumped a bare piece of ground, and lost a trifle, but he came again, and llales then sat down upon Acme, and, vigorously rousing her up, she answered immediately, and won cleverly, \ if not easily, to the evident gratification of the public, who cheercd lustily as she passed tlie post Munwyrlina and The Nun could not be divided by the judge, who declared a dead heat for second place. The winner, who was bred by her owner, the Hon. Jafcaes White, at bis Kirkham stud, in New Soath Wales, is a brown filly, standing basely. 15 hands ; but though she is not high in st&tore; she possesses all the characteristics ^ a racehorse. Her head, neck, and shouldetfe are nearly perfect; there is no lafik Oil . lung room, and her eymmetrically'Snaped back and' loins are capable of cany* ing any ordinary racing weight. Although apparently smalt she has far more length and width in her quarters than many standing a hand higher, and, to crown all, she has a splendid set of lees. This was ber^ftefehnd appearance in public. lu&'leen made in the A.J.C. iUc&mDndStakea;,*hich she won easily. Sh&is; engaged in the Itari byrnong Plate and other events of the V.R.C., - and, all going well with her, sheshouldprove one of the most profitable animals the Hr" James White has ever owned., Tbfe stitf reported all the jockeyato the r ? ^ as Williamson had been mq was suspended untUafter we the othfca #ere fined £5ifeac drove tno&fcof; ike " ' money wont 011 , t eiismayed by tne sss^3» s-asssrswiS- % £i£s paddock lie was almost as |Rood * ground last year, lie l^ts gaiaed cons.de.abli in muscular development. DunkP.!»», Probably the grandest-looking ot all the SSiori J. f>TS^iXVLi marvellously improved colt. La le oiai " had done so much racing m ^out Wales and was so lit there, that he could not be'otherwise than well strung up, and as lie betrayed no symptoms of ^he soreness so visible when he ran at lfandw ck it was thought he Lad an outside show. 'lhe three fillies Melodious, Lady Claud.a, and Juaniv.i all looked well, but the metalliciana hoped m vain for a renetition of the Sandal surprise. Ihe suspension ot Williamson had cvidentlyhad a most wholesome effect upon U^c ^c)H^t ' tor thev did not give the slightest trouble to Mr. Watson, who despatched them to one of the best starts ever seen. Dunlop was soon at the head oi affairs, and he made the pace pretty merry along the back stretch, but gave way to Melodious before half the distance had been traversed. Meanwhile the favouiite liad been lying about fjltn, wiln liin- mastei in waiting. Before reaching the home tuin Melodious was done with, and lHinlop was first into the straight. Monte Cnnsto now made a spasmodic eltort to fret near the leader, but without avail, lungmnster, 011 the contrary, was going as strong as a hon, and without any groat eUoit quickly got on terms with Dunlop. disposed of bun in a lew Btrides, and won easily, while Lagle Grange, struggling gamely on to the end, gained third money, llingmastev, like Acme, is on tue email side, but very strong and muscular. | Curiouslv enough, he. too, was bred bj lii> : owner, Mr. .lames Wilson, jnii., who sent | Yardlev to First King. r.ingmaster is engaged j in the V.UC Derby, but, unfortunately, is , not in the Melbourne Cup, a race which I would have just suited him. llis past per- j formnnces have been of an in-and- out cha- j racter, th.;uzh he displayed excellent form in j the 1'oal Stakes last year, and agam, 111 the , handicap at the M.Ii.C. meetin?, hut unce or ; twice at Moonee Valley liis running uid not ? cive satisfaction. Monte Chriato saulj dis-1 appointed hi, friends, for he never eyen raised j their hopes, aud it is ouite certain that he ( was not in his Lest form. A strong field 01 . amateurs snorted silk for tlie Australian Hunters't up. and 011 the opening of opera tions Tangle lout and Abdullah were the bc^t favourites. hut the South Australian division stronglv &uppo;»teJ Naming, who had the advantage ot Mr. William Ulasscocks ser vices, and the general public also follow ing the popular amateur, he lett the paddock a "better favourite than either. Spring, ?with Mr. Tom Watson in the saddle, was m Borne request, and Kulkyne, too. met with sup port. Gtppslnnder. who went straight as possible iu the hands of his owner quickly placed a gap between himself and the mam bodv, and at one time lie obtained such a lead* that his victory appeared to be only a matter of standing up. Curiosity was the first to come to grief, and in the second round UoJdton and Jack Sheppard lollowed suit. Meanwhile Oipuslander had increased his lead to nearly 20 lengths, and there was scarcely any diminution in it hall a mileJrom home, though Narrung had began to draw nearer, and Abiallah was also moving forward. The great pace made by Gipps lander now began to tell its tale, aua scarcely having a struggle left he died away _ to nothing, when Xarrang collared him. Luckily lor the latter the brush hurdle 111 the etn)i"ht was of weak construction, for he J crashed through it, and nearly stumbled, but j being quickly "recovered, came on and won i easilv, the second and third trophies going to the owners of Gippslander and Abdallah. In a lield of 18 lor the Toorak Handicap Sirocco was backed with Buch freedom that he ciuickly became a red-hot favourite. Be lieving that he must have done something extraordinary at home the public followed the moncv, and at last the best price avail able was :2 to 1. Chuckste-r was also greatly fancied, aud several others received support, vet the confidence of the partisans of the Brighton stable was not in the least 6haken. Sirocco was on the war path, and was to sweep everything before him, but though he held a prominent position for nearly three-quarters of a mile lie failed at the critical moment, and after a great race between Mentmore and Too Too, tue former won cleverly. The winner hung towards Too Too in the run home, aud it was with difficulty liis jockey kept him out. A protest was entered, and it was thought that the protest was for interfering in the straight, but we learn that it was for crossing lower down. After hearing evidence, the stewards decided not to disturb the judge's verdict. The following are the details: MA1DEX PLATE, 01150 sovs., w'.tU a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. cacti added. One mile. Mr. N\ Wilson's it c recall, by The Drummer Croehettc, 3 yr*. 7st, 7ib. (itoberteon) .. ..1 Mr. 0. II- T. Hart's 1) c Jocular, 4 yrs, Set. Dlb. (Hutchcns) 2 Mr. W. Liana's b c Egbert. 3 yrt, 7st 71b. (Cope).. 3 Mr. B. Baldwin's b iu Heuea, C yrs, fcst. Bib. (Farrcll) .. 0 Mr. C. lirug'ika's b g St. Albert, 5 JT6, 8st. jib. ^ Mr. J. Wilson's, im., tc i Lucky Hit, * yrs, Set. (Moore) ... .. 0 Mr. W. Field's b c Highland Chief, 8 yrs, est. (lb. (Ramuiaja) .. .. 0 Mr. S.Mahon's b c Hemlock, 3 yrs, 7«t,71!>. (Mabou) 0 Hon. \V. Pearson's chc The Trawler, 3 yrs, 7st71b. (Power) .. 0 Mr. "Henty's b c Cyclops, 3 yrs, 7sfc 71b. (Saunders) 0 Mr. 3. Leek's b c llymptori, 3 j rs, 7at.4Ib, (Nocson) 0 Mr. IS. Maiwc'a b t All Blacli, 8 yre, 7«t. 2ib. (Fallon) .... .. 0 Mr. J. WhiUiinfciwn's bl I Local Option, $ yrs, 7st. 2lb. (Guy) 0 Mr. j. .Haipcr'fi b t St. Odille, 3 yrs, 7st. 2lb. earned 7B®. lttb.(nthoriaSe) .. .. 0 Wr. W. Jaopbrt di f Sedition, 3 Jrs, 7«t. 21b., »rr5ed 8«t.*(d:JJricn).. / 0 ?M^. Gardners br :^ButU«ia, 3 yrs, 7«t 51b. Pwo'dy. B jw. 7»t Sib*. Parody, with Sedition, Local Option, and Highland Cliicf next, and Hemlock last. Time, lm. -JWs. FIRST Hl'RlUE I1ACK, Of 100 so vs., added to a sweepstakes of 0 sovs. cacli. One mile and a lialf. Mr. J. Cripps's bl h Duration, li.v Hugliendcn lliniiomuniric, f'yrs, list. Gib. (M'Leod).. .. 1 Mr. W. Little's b s Problem, 6 jrs, lOst. 71b. (Gardner) ~ Mr. H. Cliitney's b g' Chatsworth, 0 yrs, 9?t. 01b. (Cope) .. S Mr. J. Cox's g g Student, aged, lls-t. 5:b. (Ferguson) 0 Hon. W. Pearson's b in Ga?aticr, C yrs, list. 31b. (Cupitt) . ? 0 Mr. M. O'Connor's bl or br li Master Tint-top, aged, lOst. lllb. (Deasv) 0 Mr. A. Saqui's b h Mistake. C yrs', 10;t. 71b. (Batty) 0 Mr. A. Harper's cli g' Despatch, ag-cd, lOst. Clb. (Maione) Mr. JL Louslilin's i-h g l-'lamborough, a^'cd, lOst. 21b. (Corrigan) Mr. A. r. Brad shaw's b g Molrow, aged, Ost. 41b. (M'Allister) : Mr. M. O'liricn's b or br g Vandeibilt, C yrs, Pst. 41b. (Williams) Sir \V. J. Clarke's br g Vcrnef, 0 yrs, 9=t. (M'Gowan) 0 Betting.-4 to 1 cacli agst Duration and Master Pinetop, U to 1 agst Mistake, 7 to 1 c.u'h agst Gasalicr and Flumbo rough, S to l'ng-st Vcrnct. Duration jumped off with tbc lead ; but was at I once steadied, and Yernet led the way to the first j hurdle, followed bj' Yanderliilt, Mistake, and_ Flam-' borough, Parsing tlic stand the order was Vander bilt, Vcrnct, Mistake, Flainborough, Problem, Gasa lier, and Duration, and Molrow the last. After I leaving- the straight, and rising- the hill, Vcrnct and Mistake wore well clear of the field. Despatch being I at the head of the main body, and Jlolrow fctill last, liiiteiiiisr the back of the course Yernet, Flam borough, and Duration were almost abreast, Problem and Gasalicr lying next. In the centre of the back Yandeibilt was the lender, with Mistake, PioWem, Duration, and Vertict close up, then Chatsworth and Mohw still the rearmost. At the far turn, Vander bilt held a slight lead of Mistake, nevt to whom were Duration and Problem. Coming to the home turn. Mistake went- to the front, anil led into tile straight, closely pursued by Duration, with Gasalier next, then 'Problem, Yandcrbilt., Chatsworth, and Venict. Mistake scon gave way to Duration, mid fell at the la-t jump, Duration then coming- a»av, and winning hurd held by four lengths from Problem, who was a couple of leiicrths i:i front of Chatsworth, Gasalier a bead behind "fourth, and then came Yeriut, Vander bilt, Flamborou-jli, Despatch, Hudent, and Mast-.r Pinctop, Molrow b ins last. Time, 3m. THE CHEAT FOAf. STAKES, Of 15 sovs, each, with 300 sovs. added. For two vear-olds. The second to receive 7a sovs., and j the third 25 sovs. Four furlonus. ; Hon. J. White's br f Acme, by Chester-Princess j Maud (imp.), 7st. 10 b. (Hales) 1 Mr. S. Miller's br c Munwyrtina, by Glorious I Hope, Sst. (Bin-ton) i ! Mr. W. D. liobort son's b f The Nun, by First King | -Pilgrimage, 7st. 101b. (Moore) .. ..' .. 1 j Mr. XI. "A. Kcrmo-ic's br c Dcfraudcr. by King- of I the Ansiers-Waitress, Sst. (StonPclt) .. ..0 j Mr. G. Davis's b c Manxman II. (late Manxuian\ | by Mercury, or The Gondolier-Ivy, Sst (Carter) 0 ! Mr. J. i'atersem's be L'ranus, by Herscbcl-Ulrica, j Sst, (Sanders) 0 : Hon. W. Pearson's br c Dh idend, by Bolton Green -Trou 1'ro.i, (j?t. (Power) 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br c Damocles, by Cany; For ward- Queen of Naples, S^t, (Flanagan).. .. 0 Mr. J. Cohen's br f Edith, by Glorious- Man^ana, 7; t. 10!b. (Williamson) 0 Jlr. D. S. Wallace's b f Ksfic by St. Albans-Star light, 7tt 101b. (O'Drlen) .. 0 Mr. F. Tozcr's b t Lottie, by Lottvrv-Little Ladv, 7st. 101b. (Walker) .. .. .. o Mr. M. liryaut's cli f Clelia, by Gang Forward Jessica, 7st. 101b. (Hobi-rtson) 0 Sir VV. J. Clarke's ch £ Anita, by Keckcrsg-at-La Kaine, 7st. 101b. (Iluihcss) .. 0 Mr. L. Watson's ch f Maddelina, by Xeckersgat ileg-Merrdcs, 7st. 10;b. (M'Gradcl .. ..0 IS letting*.-6 to 4 ag-jft Aeuie, i to 1 agst Maddclina and The Nun, S to 1 aist Dividend. Edith, and Anita. Considerable delay occurred through the breaking away of Anita, Lottie, and Damocles; but at last the flag fell to a fairly good start, in which tbc colours of Clelia wero the first to be separated from the main body, Anita nnd Munwyrtina coming next, with the favourite in a good position, whilst Maddelina got badly off. In a few strides Munwyrtina had the Ieid, I bnt o'il.v momentarily, as Acme took command at the I sod tt'all, and raced to the bend, closcly pursued by The Nun and Munwyrtina, Maddelina, and Edilli, whilst Dauiocles was last. The three first-named came into fhe straight almost together, but at the distance Munwyrtina and The Nun were called upon, and immediately were in front of Acme. The favourite, however, stuok to the pair, and Hales giving- her a g-cod rouse-up a score y»rds from tbc post landed her a clover winner by a long neck, Munwyrtina and The 2suu makin? a dead heat of it for second place. Maddcliui was a good fourth, Dividend next, and then came l-.d:ih, Lottie, Essie, and Manxman If., Defrauder being last. Time, j2sec. wi.vNnns OF the CHEAT FOAL STAKES. _ S. iTiuic Yr. U»'ncr. Winner. 1881 Hon. W. Pearson ..;Fryingpan ..j 18 1882 Robertson and Wa^ner'St. Lawrence . 14 1S83,Mr. G. Iteiii .. " jDaiid.. ..Ill lfcS4 Mr. J. Wilson ..iBingmaster ..] 12 ISSoIIon. J. Whits .. ..|Acinc.. ..i 14 sec. 601 5H 614 PEDIGKEE OF THE WINNER. |6 H I.SStockwell S lAostrey Sir Hercules' {Cassandra The Baron Pocahontas Harkaway Zcila Ncwniinster Palm* (Stock well SlTlic Bloomer! Cap-a-pie Paraguay The Colonel Sultan marc Sir Hercules Paradigm Tros Alice Grey Priam Ally Emigrant iGulnare Birdcatcher Echidna Gleucoe Marpessa Uconoiuist Noboekiish mire Emilias Apollonia Touchstone CccBwinjr Emilius Franccsca [15ic Baron Pocabonttts Melbourne Lady Sarah Camel Banter Doctor SjTitax Ardrossan mare Orville Emily Partisan Orville mare Bird catcher Echidna Qlcnooe MarpOssa iHumphr'yClinkcr OervontC6 marc V&oolpcde; LadyMooreCarcw THE CAULFICLD GUINEAS, Of 10 80vs. eaob, with 800 sove. jaddod. For tbrcc years old. The second hone to receive ?6 sov*., and tho third So BOVB. One mile. Mr. J. Wilson's (Jun.) br c Bin^mastor, by First . King--Y&rdley;, 8sb 51b. (Moore) .. 1 Mr. A. R. Robertson's brp l)uulop, by Keckersgat -Etta, Bet, Gib. (UciNrtBOn) 2 Mr. J. Monaghao AS' Ur« Eagle Grange, by Block Mr. \i. Wbitttoifl»tn'« br c I'arwan, by Argus Scandal—Stella, 8st. 5lb. (Trahan) .. .. .. 0 Bon. 3, White's tf org- c - Monte Chrieto. by Chester' Katliigeift,fet.ftjb. (Hales) .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. L. L. BmUhVqh t Molodlous. by Ooldsborousb -SlelcKlv/gMt.(Bfelr) .. .. 0 Mr. M, jkcoW« ch I Lady Claudia, by The Drum . .iner-Oamilla. 8st (O'Drfen).. 0 Mr-" Hv TothfU'c b- i , vjjOWoe,Mt to 2 «st ^MoiiUjgiirirto, « to 1 ag«t vwf**' $ to 1 ip i pm iRgti)e Small ftlieflnt' post, where Melodious Assumed command, Juauna and Dunlop followini-, with the favourite close up. Before the turn was reached Melodious had retired, and Duulop thereupon took the loud, closely pursuod hy Jumina, Monte Christo, Eaglo Grange, and liing mavt.it-, Lady Claudia tiring-iajr up the rear, Dunlop rounded the turn and headed (or home, with the favourite on the out-ldc. Within the distance, how ever, .Moore called on Ringmaster, who instantly answered the call, and, Monte Cliristo dying away to nothing1, there was nothing but Punlop to beat. Kingninster quickly cut the latter down, and, drawing: awav, he won very easily by two lengths and a half, Kagle Grange, wlio had'ccine with a fast run, beinj* third on the quarters of Dunlop, whilst l'arwan was only beaten for third honours by a head. Monte Chri-to was fifth, Juaiinn sixth, Melodious seventh, and Ladv Claudia last. lime, lm. 11*5. TUB CAULFIELD GUINEAS WINNERS. jTimo Yr. I Owner. Winner. 1SS1 ISS'-i' J8S3 1SS1 1SS5; Captain Osborne lion. \V. Pearson Sir. J. II. Aldiid-c Mr. W. Gordon.. Mr. J. Wilson, jun. Wlicaiear l'ryhvjpaii iiaiitius Sandal Ringmaster in. s. ..! 9 I 49 ..I l'J 1 47 ..I 18 !l 40 ..12 |1 &0J ..I 8 !l 49 I'F-DIGRKK OK TUB WINNKIl. IStockwcll Ace of Clubs Rose do Flo' lcnee The Premier Maid of the Mill Oxford Whisper Pelion Slander iTiie Baron Pocahontas Irish Queen Fly in? Dutchman Boarding School Miss I lark away Emily Ray Middleton Barhcllc Plenipotentiary Marpessa |Tory Boy Baroness |Tomboy Bessy liediam Leopold |Tbe Duchess jRory O'Morc Daughter of Birdcatcher Drone marc Peter Fin iTasmamati mare Bird catcher Honoydcw Sir Hercules Guiccioli Flatcatcher [Silence Ion MaMie Pantaloon Pasquinade 1'lenipotentiary My Dear Touchstone Decoy Melbourne Secret Cain iiargaret [Jerry Fanchon |Castrcl Idalia Camel 'Banter THE AUSTRALIAN llL'KTEItS CIT, A trophy, value loOsovs., to the winner; the second and third horses to receive trophies of the respective value of 50 and 25 GOVS. About two miles and a quarter. Mr. G. S. Harris's b or br g Naming, eirc by Dundee, 5 yrs, 12st. 21b. (Mr. W. Glass cook) .. 1 Mr. J. Spiers's b g Gippslander, aged, list. Slh. (Owner) 2 Mr. A. Anderson's ff g Abdallah, a^ed, 13st. 51b. (Mr. C. Glasscock) 3 Mr. S. Miller's b g Kulkync, aged, 13st. (Mr. W. & Cox) 0 Mr. It Orr'a b g Spring, aged, 12s t. 101b. (Mr. T. Watson) 0 Mr. L. Wateon's b g Robert the Devil, aged, ISst 31b. (Mr. P. Ferguson) 0 Mr. G. Russell's cli h Chesterfield, aged, list. 10lb. (Mr. J. Hatton) 0 Mr. J. Scobie's ch g Tanglefoot, 5 yrs, list. Clb. (Mr. J. O. Inglis) .. .. 0 Mr. T. Aitken's b g Goldtop, aged, list. Clb. (Mr. A. L. Johnson) 0 Mr. W. Mcnzles' ro g Curiosity (late Dupli cate), 6 yrs, list. 4lb., carried list. Gib. (Owner) 0 I Mr. S. H. froll's br in Sissy, aged, list 41b. (Owner) 0 Mr. 8. G. Williams's br g Conrad, aged, list. 41b. (Owner) 0 Mr. B. Gray's b g Jack Sheppard, 6 yrs, lOst. 101b., carried lOst. l'-ljlb. (Mr. C. lrilgatc) .. .. 0 Mr. T. J. Burke's br h Streak of Luck, S yrs, lOst. 71b., carried lOst. 181b. (Owner) .. .. 0 Betting.-5 to 2 a«t Naming, 4 to 1 ftgst Tangle foot, 6 to 1 agst Abdallah, and 8 to 1 agst Spring. The flag fell to a good start, Gippslander showing the way to the first hurdle, attended by Robert the Devil, Chesterfield, and Goldtop, Sissie being last. Going -up tbe hill Gippslander was fol lowed by Chesterfield, Curiosity nest, then Jack Shepherd, Robert the Devil, and Kulkyoe. At the next jump Curiosity came down, and entering the back stretch Gippslander was four lengths in advance of Chesterfield, between the latter of whom and Robert the Devil there was a similar gap. No&hange; was observable at the far tarn and flown to the bend into the straight, except that Gippslander had drawn further away from Chesterfield, and that Sissie had run round. Gippslander headed for the stand * scorc of lengths in front. Conrad being third, then Abdallah, Robert the Devil, Goldtop, Naming, and Kulkyne. Rising tho hill, Goldtop came down, and the timber Jump settled Jade Sheppird. Gipps lander continued to lead along the back of the course, Karrungbeing now the stonioh&ser; 10 lengths off, Robert the Devil, Chesterfield, and Spring succeeding, with Abdallah next Very soon the ? field tailed off, and at tbe far turn Naming was fast making up his leeway, petting on to terms with the leader as they came to the home bend. Well into the straight Gippslander was beaten, and Narrung drawing away, won at his ease by half a dozen lengths, Abdallah finishing third ten lengths from the second. Tanglefoot was fourth, Robert the Devil fifth, Spring next, with the remainder pulling up. Time, 5m. .64s. THE TOOBAK HANDICAP, Of ISO GOVS., added to a sweepstakes of S 83 vs. each. One mile. Mr, J. Whittlngham's b h Mentmore, by Kfflple -Mermaid, 6 yrs, Gat. lllb. (Guy) .. .. '1 Mr. A. Sclman'8 br m Too Too, S yrs, 7et 81b. (Hughes).. 2 Mr- S. Davis's b tn lbs. Jarley, 6 yrs, fist (Hux* table) 8 Messrs. W. and A. Crorior's br g Lantern. 6 yrs, Ost.Sib(D. O'Brien) .. 0 Mr. D. S. Wallace's b h Chuukster, aged fist. 21b. (M. O'Brien) Mr. A. R. Robertson's chhDlrk Hatteralek, 5 yrs, Ost. (Foon) Mr. J. O. Ueid's ch g The Ghost, aged, Sst. 101b, (Williams) 0 Mr. G. Davis's b in Camerine, aged, 8st. Sib. (Car ter) .. .. 0 Mr. T. Ooffey'e br b Ferulea, 5 yrs, 7st lllb. (San ders) _ Hon. W. Pearson's b o Kingship, 4 yrs, 7et. lOib. MrfSro^pps's br b Hofert, 6 yrs, 7«t.' 71b. (Brown) 0 Mr. T. Beating's br or ol h Virion, 0 yre, 7st, Gib. (Blair) 0 Mr. 1. Poulsliatn't hi g The Chanter, 4 yrs, 7st, 41b. (Morrison) .. o Mr. J. Wilson's, jun., b or br f Brie, 8 yw, 7st 8lb. Cowoli'8 b or br c Slrocoo, 4*yr», 7st llbl ° (Craokneil) Mr. T. Hawkes's br in Bepriee, aged, fist. 121b (Flanagan) .. .. 0 Mr. a Krushka's br h Clarendon, 6 yr«. Cst. 81b., Carried Gsfc. lllb. Mr. ^ Q. Dariofs b g Walhoila, fi yrs, fist. 71b. (Tuomey) .. .. o Mr. 3. Calvert's b> Mosslfaco, 8yrs, Ost. (Johnson) 0 Betting.-S to 2 (at first 4 to 1) agst Blrocoo, 4 to 1 asrst Top Too, 1 to i agst Ohuokster, 8 to 1 agst Kingship,'uotart* and Mentmore, 10 to 1 agst Vision, , fernlea and Slrocoo wore the first off, followed by Cfcucketer, iAJong the back Dirk llatteraiok wwi the ieadar, with Femlea as his attendant, then Muscat and lintern, with Chuokster and Blroooo closo'up., At toe «>dwall Dirk Hatteraiok was still the leader. Blroooo a length behind him, and Mrs Jarley next, Too Too, Mentmore, and The Ghost teing well up. Dirts uattoralok and Slrocoo retired before the beoama «he Iwder, witt Jfantmoro lying handy. At the entrance to the stnOghtToo Too rolled slhrhtlV butwassteadled, and she came aioDgeloar DtMentl tnore. Ibe -Utter, however, aoswered the call «t his jockey yyj" «ffervioy..»Pd wearingdown the i JWdo^hy ally wondeveriy by ^iM^to^a^aMfle^gTrom Too loo «elng Kingship next, aud Cliuckster, Vision, and Evio last Time, Xm. 47s. The following handicaps have been de clared lor to-day Kl'KSEBT nAKDtOAP, Of osovs, cacti, With 100 govs, added. Four furlonirs and a half. 6t- 8t. lo. Munwyrtina The Nun .. MadrieUna Jidith Anita Tlic Fobbcr Claudiau Trojan Yule Cake licclzcbub.. Yellow .Jacket Mfeawber .. Telephone CrowsOre .. DonGiovan Marchioucss filly.. Lady of the Lake 8 10 King Tom-Pro phetess filly 5 7 Atph* 8 C 8fc Paul .. 8 4 Repose 6 3 Innuendo .. 8 2 Lara S 1 1'ot BoutlH 8 0 Manxman II. 8 0 Essie 8 0 Trishna .. 7 12 Master John 7 12 Coonoop .. 7 12 Damocles .. 7 11 Washington 7 11 Harmony .. 7 11 General Gordon .. " SECOND HlItDLE HA.CE. Of 8 80V8. each, will) lOO sovs. added. Two miles. Royal Maid Duration .. Huntsman.. Student .. Gasalicr .. Agitation .. Master Pinctop Mistake .. Problem .. Ruby Bt. lb. 12 0 11 13 11 C 11 0 10 12 10 0 10 10 10 7 10 6 General Jacksc Despatch .. Rnvensworth Flamborough Cockboat .. Faultfinder Argus Girl Waiter Vanderbilt 10 5 ! The Chief . WINDSOR HANDICAP, Of 3 sors. each, with 160 sovs. added, fit. lb. i Si:. Lantern ,. Stafford .. Cliuckster The Ghost.. Dirk Oatteraick, Ba&hurst; Anclioritc.. Ringmaster Isonomy .. The Andes Too Too .. l.O.U. Bohemian,. Jocular .. Lando Waveiley .. Fernlea .. Recall H&nnibat; ,. First Light Anarchy .. Searamouclie Kingship .. Merman ,. MenUnore.. Tlie Chanter Honeycomb Warfield .. 9 1 0 0 » 0 Evie Merrinm Sirooeo S 10 ; Ballarat .. 8 8 I Derision .. 8 7 i Gliuimcr .. 8 6 ! St Albert.. 8 5 ' St. Ellcu " 8 2 i Lorelei 7 13 j Ambassadress 7 12 I Bcbus Antonio .. Louis Highland Chief Port Bonheur The Trawler 9 i Meerschaum 8 : Salvo 7 i St Odille .. 7 ' Reprise 6 [ Parody 6 ! Sedition .. 6 I \Valhalla .. 4 j Buttress .. 4 ' Mrs. Jarley 3 ' Plimpton .. 3 | Bonny Belie 7 11 7 11 7 10 7 9 7 0 The following horses are left in THE CACLFIELD CCr. Of 3,500 sovs. ; 1,000 sovs. to tlic first horse, Sr. to the second, and 200 sovs. to the third. Oi and a half. Bt. lb.' 9 4 & 2 Welcome Jack Sardius .. Biink Bonny Tom Broun Mozart Madcap .. Lord Wilton Coriolanus Dirk Hatteraick.. Plausible The Israelite Anglesey (includ ing Tib. penalty) St Lawrence Grace Darling .. Gratitude.. Lantern .. Hilltop .. Despot Prince Imperial (including 71b. penalty).. Vclocipedc Impulse .. 8 8 8 7 8 C 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 0 7 12 7 12 7 12 7 11 7 10 7 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 Si-nor Country Boy Claptrap .. The Andes Kingship .. Britisher .. Mario Louise Tarpeia .. Lord Exeter Lennox .. Lucky Hit.. Minerva .. Seal Jam .. Black Diamond Winchester (late Manchester) Sirocco Lesbia Msion Forlorn Ifope Yellow Hammer Too Too .. Uarab 