CHAPTER VI. THE NUGGET CLAIM. Let us suppose a gap of two or three weeks between the opening of this chapter and the . close of the last, and note a few of the events that had occurred during those week?. In the first place shaft No. 2 in the gaily had been cleared out, rigged with a windlass and other digging gear, and a company of four, formed as proprietors, though but two of them were working yartnors. Of the four of course Tady and his master were two, and the other two were Charlie Ellis, the favorite young trooper stationed at Marranga, and a young man named George Ciark, the son of i a farmer in the vicinity of the township. In claim No. 1 a great deal of work had also been done, but there was a great deal more to do. For one thing the No. 1 workings had been originally far more developed than any other opened in the gully, and had, at the time of the murder, and in consequence of the murderer's displacement cf the props to ef fect his purpose, fallen in almost from the surface, so that to enable the mining to be resumed on the original plan, a great deal of clearing-out work had to be done. While his brother Conn, and other engaged men were occupied in this work,Father James had been almost entirely confined to his room, and no one could doubt his illness who looked into his lace. There was s dreadful warfare going on in that miserable man's breast—a warfare that Nora never once was aware of or noticed, that Conn, saw but did not quite understand, but that Mrs. Brady watched with a keen eye and a purpose deathly and vindictive. He wandered around the gardens in the dusk of evenings, avoiding his kind as though the sight of a human face was hateful to him, and more especially did the sight cf his mother act upon him in the strangest man ner. He would shudder if his eye met lier's, and turn away hurriedly sometimes, while at others he would meet her look with one so awful—so full of white, threatening anger— that she would hasten away with the fear of she dared scarcely think what in her hard ened heart. In the dead hours of night, too, there were sometimes heard shrieks as for mercy, and shouts as of triumph, and groans as of a deathly agony, and when those of St. Herrick's heard them they were wont to cover their heads up in the bed-clothes, and wait for silence in fear and trembling. But St. Herrick's was fir from another house, and no hint of these disturbances had as yet leaked out for Nora, who was the only ignorant one of the family, was a heavy sleeper, and easily terrified by a hint at ghosts; so they bad little trouble with her; only Tady, her lover, felt the troublesome efiects of the ghost rumonr, for Nora would not meet him after dusk for all his bribes of ribbons and cheap jewelry, and he was work ing so hard in the day time that he could not snatch many moments to gladden his little eyes with a sight of his darling's face. One brilliant morning, when the sun's rays were sparkling in the waters cf Creek Boban, like a rain of diamonds, and when every leaf and flower seemed to have retained all the freshness of the sweet dew, Leonard Prosser mounted his horse and rode the short distance between the Marraaga Hotel and the Mar ranga Police Station. His destination was the latter, for during the time that has elapsed since I closed my last chapter, Leonard had formed a sincerc liking for young Trooper Ellis, who had by chance be come a partner in No. 2 claim with Leonard Prosser. A3 the young Iris-jman rode up to the sta tion, Charlie Eliia lei his horse oat, from tao stable by a side gate and brightly greeted his now friend, and if one bad called a parade ot all the " mounted men" in Australia, they could not have picked out a cleaner-limbed, a better made, or a handsomer-faced member of the corps than Trooper Charlie Ellis. No one ever called Mm " Ciawlc-s." You could not fincy such a tiling, locking in his bright, open, boyish face. He was Charlie with every one, and, as I have said before, a favourite with every one also. '■My word, what a killing swell you are this morning, Charlie 1" said Lsonard, as ho drew his horse up, " whoever gets your breeches up deserves a testimonial." " Ye?-, Projscr, I flatter myself they're a good fit," taid the young chap as he scanned his handsome limbs, " but as for being a swell, you must remember that it is not every one who can afford to dress a3 carelessly as yourself." "I3 that intended for a rap, Charlie?" asked Leonard with a smile; " well, I believe I am rather careless, but isn't this tweed good enough far this occasion, eb?" " You know I don't mean th'afc, Prossc-r; I mean that your appearance is slways thai cf a gentleman, no matter what you wear, while I must be natty to be noticed at- all." "Oh, such apparent modesty! I thought you were above fishing for compliments, Eias? I am certain that you know as well as every body else that there is not a handsomer young chap within miles." " I know I'm not bad looking, but I envy your inches, and your broad shoulders. I'm eueh;a little.chap. Leonard." " Do you call five feet eight little?" " Well, yes, I do—for a man. Do you know that Miss Clark is five feet six and a half." Leonard laughed pleasantly, and poor Charlie's face grew rosy as a girl's. " That was a slip at any rate, my dear fel low, and so it is in comparison with Miss Clark's inches that you are disgusted with your own? Now, do you know that I should much prefer you medium length of limb to my own ?" " Would you really ?" " Yes; and ladies, especially tall ones," he added, with a sly glance at hi* companion as they rode away together, " always like men of medium size best." " Hum—I hope it may prove so in this instance, for to tell you the truth as a friend, Prosstr, all my future happiness depends on Fanny Clark's opinion of me." " My dear fellow, you have my very beat wishes," and the hands of the two young men were clasped, " and I think that r-s she is a young lady or taste there can be no doubt as to the result of your hopes." " But look at my position, Leonard. How can I ask any girl brought up as she has been to become a policeman's wife ? The very name is enough. If the claim would fulfil Tady's expectations now, there would be some chance." " Let us hope Tady will be a good prophet then, if only for your sake, Charlie. You know I care very little for my own, I have enough for comfort, and have no craving for anything beyond what my income will afford me." " Lucky fellow 1" exclaimed Ellis, " and you have never fallen in love, yet?" "In love? oh fifty times 1 I have been in love always ever since I can remember until within the last few years. I think I must have used up all my allowance of what is called love in my school days, and so have none left for my years of discretion." "What is called love?" Charlie repeated. " Don't you believe in the feeling, then ?" " I can't from personal experience at least," replied Leonard; " for the feeling that did duty for love with me was so inconstant that it seldom lasted longer than until cireum stane s brought me in contact with a new face. But talking of the tender passion now, there's an instance if you like in my friend Tady Connor," and the speaker threw back his handsome head and laughed joyously. " Is the d fool in earnest ? " asked Charlie, with disgust. " In earnest ? I should think so I He is thinking ox Nora and nuggets from morning until night, and from night until morning, too, for he mutters ' me dariin asthore machree Nora,' in his dreams, and fancies he is stringing nuggets to hang round her ' bewc'::eful neck '—oh yes, he is in earnest— quite 1" " Ridiculous 1 " cried the young trooper almost angrily, " a man of his age and appear ance !" ** Be merciful, my dear young Adonis 1 " returned Leonard with a smile that showed his strong white teeth under Ills glossy moustache; "must one be handsome to have a heart ? I assure you that poor Tady has one, and a warm and true one in spite of his disproportionate shape and funny limbs." " I don't doubt all that, but at his years one might expect sense enough to hide any ridiculous exhibitions of his folly." " I'm afraid Tady does not think suffi ciently of appearances," responded Leonard with gravity and a sly glance at Charlie's ' cords.'" "In one sense he does, quits enough, retorted the young "bobby" with some heat; " I'm sure when he dons that blue suit with the brass buttons his airs of con scious selr-appreciation are sickening! and besides how can he feel anything for a girl like that ? " "Is Miss Nora Brady not so lovely and loveablc as poor Tady imagines her then? You know I have never seen her." " Nora Brady is a lump 0' a girl without, I do believe, one ounce of brains. I don't believe I ever saw in my life a creature so unutterably stupid and animal-like as she." " She is no favorite then, Charlie? " " Not of mine, and I detest the whole family!" Leonard looked wonderingly at his com panion. Himself of a calm and even temper a"d an unexeitable temperament, to him the s .ioug feeling exhibited by Charlie Ellis was a matter of surprise. " I had business at St. Herrick's one day," the young trooper went on, "and had an opportunity of seeing something of these Brady's. Mrs. Brady especially has one of the worst faces I ever saw, and if there was any underhand and hidden law-breaking going on in Marranga, I should be inclined to look for a clue to it u :der the roof of St. Herrick's." " Talking of St. Herrick's, that was a sad thing about Colonel St. Herrick's murder. Now if I were a policeman I think I should feel deeply interested in that crime, especially stationed here on the spot." (Ti be cttirfuiucd.') 