AUNT PIRKEK. BT B. L. FARJEON. Author of " No. 119 Great Poutbr- square," "Tit's Sacred Nugciet," "At the Skin- op toe Silver Flauox," "Grip," "Blade o' Grass," "Tan House op Write Shadows," " Josuua Marvel," "An Island Pearl." Ac.. Ac. CHAPTER XXVI.— Alonzo, sit Faithful Kniuiit, Does jib Good Service. He \v«s a. big boy for a kite, for I should have judged -him to be not less than Id years of age. His height, indeed, would have proclaimed him older ; lie was lank and lean, but his face had no signs of beard or moustache on it, and thi>r<> wim tlmt kind nf ufirprtuintv nnnut ltis legs which is an attribute of youthfnless. To say that lie carried the kite as a lad would carry a toy would not be quite correct; he wore it, rather, in the manner of a shield, throwing it valiantly before his body, after the fushiou of a knight of the good old times (in pictures) equipped for mortal combat. His motions, -perhaps; lacked dignity and repose, but he was conspicuously in earnest. Upoii his first coming iu view, his left side was towards me, and his kite, being on his right arm, was partially hidden from my sight ; but the moracut he beheld me at the window he wheeled round, and held hin paper shield aloft. Painted upon it iu blood red color was a name ; the letters were bold aud distinct, aud they spelt " Alonzo.'! My astonishment was great, aud I could scarcely believe my of es ; but there was no room for doubt. ThisJ then, was my hero, rnv Mys terious Being, my Saint George who had vowed fealty to me, and who had pledged his knightly honor to serve mc faithfully — this long, lank butcher boy, whose trousers were too short for his legs. The ridiculous side of the discovery made such an impression upon me that I burst out laughing. Seeing mc laugh, his face broadeued also, but very soon grew sombre, as became one of his self-invested dignity, lie placed his hand upon his heart, throwing his kite aside to afford me a full view of his waist coat, and bowed almost to the ground. This made me laugh the more, and I was compelled by prudence to retreat from the \Vindow, fear ing that either mv merriment, which I could scarcely check, or his open movements, would draw Aunt Parker's atteutiou upon us. When I returned to the window, after an absence of a few tninutos, I observed that he bad fixed a tail to the kite, and was preparing to fly it. His face expressed satisfaction atiuv reappearance, and bv signs, which I was glad to see were cautiously made, he succeeded in conveving to iny understanding some kiud of idea that the flying of his kite was uot exactly a pastime, buttwas done with serious intention. This notion, slight at first, grey stronger in tlie light of his manifest earnestness ; he spoke and pointed to the kite. What he said could not, of course, from that distance, reach me, but his actions had » tueauing in them which I could scarcely misunderstand, and wheu, taking something out of his pocket, which looked like a letter (though the cmvelope was astonishingly largo), he flaunted it itt the air, and proceeded deliberately to fasten it to the kite by nicans of pins, I knew that he was about to endeavor to communicate with me. I would have dissuaded hiui if I could, there was such danger iu the attempt; indeed I did shako my head at him very emphatically, but he would not be denied. He simply smiled radiantly and confidently, and proceeded with his task. The wind was blowiug iu the direction of my window, aud at n favorable moueut he let the kite tly. So skilfully did he uiauage it that it was soon within reach of my hand, aud with n desperate disregard of consequences I stretched out to the window and seized it. In less time than it takes me to write the words I detached the letter,' scarcely taking time to unpin it, so eager anil excited had I grown. The moment it was in my hands Alon/.o ex pressed his satisfaction by going through a solemn uud stately form of dance, which he probubly intended to represent a minuet ; any thing in the shape of a double shuffle or other popular steps which an ordinary boy would have executed being evidently beneath hint. My anxiety now was to ascertain whether our movements had attracted Aunt Parker's at tention. Had they done so she would have lost no time in making us aware of it. Fortune favored us ; Aunt Parker did not make her ap pearance. It was an instance of Alonzo's thoughtfulncss that he did not immediately pull in his kite ; he was doubtless providing for tho future, when he might have occasion again to employ his novel icrual post-office. He flew it along the' road for some, ten minutes or so, and finally drew it in," and using it oucc more us a shield, departed triumph ant. I held the envelope in my hand, little dream ing of the delight in store for me. It was a large letter and rather thick and had it uot beeu for the strong wind that was blowing it might have weighed down the kite. The back and front of the envelope was com pletely covered with writing, to the following effect ; " Fair One of the Fortress, — What malig nant star has torn thee from Alonzo ? For weeks I have languished at the portal, calling upon thee. Only the wild birds and the mourn ful echoes have answered mc. Is it to be ever thus i Hack not this bosom with deeper an guish. Smile again upon me, and let me hear thy loved voice. Then will the gates of heaven be open, and bliss once more be mine. Hetnem- ber, I am thine till tlie icy finger of death beckons me. Bid me do or die. At thy bid ding I will pluck the stars from the firmament. But I will brook no rival. Mark me well — in spite of his fine clothes, one of us must fall. For me, Paradise or the Tomb. Meanwhile, if a letter is to be posted, ever at his post will be found "The Hapless aud Faithful A lonxo." To read this without smiling was impossible ami I remember thinking (what I think to this day of everything emanating from Alonzo's pen) that he must have gathered it out of a number of story books, a few words from this and a few frout that, till it had assumed its present shape. But still there was in this epistle more than the usual air of mystery. What did Alonzo mean bv his reference toa rival, and not brooking lutn, and then the words: "in spite of his tine clothes." Whose fine clothes ? That Alonzo should choose Paradise or the Tomb was quite natural. I could not help ad miring ltis i ml tlx try, for this kind of piece work must have occupied a great deal of time, and it was with a positive conviction that much more of this nonsense awaited me that I opened the envelope. But ah ! what a delight was there ! I held iu my hand a letter from mv own dear nurse, which had in this extraordinary manner been convoyed to me. Faithful Alonzo indeed. Could the most gallant knight have more deftly carried a delicate and difficult task to a successful end ? J declare that if lie had leen by my side J should have kissed him. But'gratefitl as 1 was J could notwa«te time in thinking of him ; Nurse Elliott's letter was too important to be longer neglected. What a number of sheets it contained ! And how close attd small \\\:i< tlie writing ! I kissed it before I rea l it, and kissed it again ami again in the course of persual. CIIAPTF.il XXVII. — Ntriisi: Kllk.tt'.s LETTER AND TllK NEWS IT CONTAINED. "My dear child and Mistress — After waiting a great many months, and wearying myself almost to a shadow with fretting about you there came the other morning the greatest joy lever had in mv life, the letter from you written iu that dreadful place called Restoration Hall. We were sitting at breakfast, Rube and me, and had just finished when the po-dimm came iu with his rat-tat. Wo get up early in the Borough, atul stop up late, but that docsu'L matter when you're making a living, and a Lit over, as Rube says. While Rube is sweeping tho shop, and putting things to rights there, I am getting breakfast, which is ready for hiui the minute he comes in. He keeps a man, you know, dear, who sleeps out, and who don't show his face till half-past eight, but Rube don't mind doing his work, which is the only way, Rube says, of making rare it is done right. "If I wander a bit, my dear child, you mustn' mind ; I want to tell you so much, and my head is so full, that I dare'say it will come out'mixed up like. But so long as you get this letter it wont matter much how it is written ami how mixed up it is, because you know it is full of love for you, as my heart is and always will bo. Aud Rube's too, mv dear. " .See here Deb,' he often says to mc, not in thu exact words, dear, hut just as good, 'See here, Deb, your young lady's my young lady' — (he says it with the greatest respect my dear mistress) — 'your 'young huly'a my young huly, and you've only got to say io me, " Rube you must this for Iter," or, " Rube, vou must do that for her," to make sure that it will be done. This house is yours and hers to live in and do what you like in, and the shop and the till we'll divide 'between us. There's enough for six let alone three. Nothing would please me better than to see your young lady sitting in the parlor — (that is where we breakfast in and have our dinner and tea in, my dear, andonrbit of supper regular at half-past ten every night)— 1 nothing' says Rube, ' would please me better than to see your young lady setting iu the parlor here, playing the piano all day long, while I am serving the customers itt the shop. It would be a real treat. " Rube means what be says, dear ; he isn't one of the fly away sort. To be sure, we haven't got a piano ; for what should we do with one if wo did have it ? Rube can play 4 God save the Queen' with one finger, if you don't hurry him, and Woodman Spare that Tree ns well, and he says, too, he's got his eye on a Cottage'that's to he sold dirt cheap at a dealers in the Borough, and that lie's going to buy it the moment he hears you're coming. When he said he had got his eve oil a 'Cottage,' 1 thought he meaut a house till he explained it ; Rube kuows a great deal about music." "Well, my dear, Rube and me had just finished breakfast when in comes the postman with his rat-tat. I am always curious about letters, and, to tell you tho truth, dear, I shouldn't have been surprised to have got oue that morning from Sandy Whiskers, my laudlord at Seveuoaks ; you remember him, I dare sav, the man with the voice. ; 8o when Rube goes into the shop, and calls out in a voice almost choked with laughing that the letter's for me, I make mm/ mind at once that it is from Sandy Whiskeis ; but seeing strange writing on the envelope sets me a thinking. It wasn't your writing, my dear ; I should have kuowu that the moment I set eyes ou it. Besides, you would have never doue anything so ridiculous as to write on -the envelope,1 To the Fair Lady, Deborah Elliott/" Yes, mv dear, that's what was written, with Rube's address after it, of course. There was every excuse for Rube's laughing, but Icouldn't help turning red when he says, , - " 4 O, Deb, Deb 1 how many more hearts are you going to break ?' " For he will have it all the time I've been nwav I've doue nothing else but turn men's heads, and, if you'll believe me, my dear, he's always throwing Sand Whiskers in my face, lie doesn't really mean it, 1 know ; he only does it to teaze me, but it is too ridculous .\o think of, isn't it? The idea of me running after men ! I never so much as give them a thought. But Itube will have his joke. When lie talks of broken hearts, I tell him sharply to hoid his tongue, nnd I turn the envelope over in my Imud, woudering who it cnu befrom, dnd whether some impertinent fellow is playing ) a trick on me, while all the time Rube never leaves off joking and laughing to thatdegree that the tears roll down bis face. Presently, rI think the best way will be to open the letter, aud 1 do ; and when I see inside another en velope—yours, my dear, with your sweet writing on it — I gave a scream, and'l do believe I should have .dropped if Rube hadn't caught hold of me. 44 4 It's from my dear young mistress !' I call out, and then I'm that overcome thnt I sit down and have a real good cry. Nothing does la body so much good ; it's better . than all the doctor's stuff iu the world. Well, presently wipe my eyes, and you may guess how anxious I am to get ut your letter ; but there's some thing that comes before even that. It .is a sheet of paper in which your envelope ia wnipped. I will copy here the exact words written on the paper, aud, perhaps, you will be able to make something out of them. 44 Fair Lady of the Borough," it commences, " the Mistress of my Soul, the Pearl, of Ligbt. and the Diamond of 'the Universe, commissioned her gallant kuight — who here throws down the gauntlet to all usurpers of his rights — to post this missive to you. It is done. Commana me ever. To her service I am pledged. Her form and cause conjoined. «fcc. You may wish to com municate with the Princess of the Enchanted Well. It is difficult, but it may be done, and shall be at thy behest, by Alonzo.' 44 Alonzo iu large lctucrs, my dear And than came the words : — ' . " 4 If such be your wish, inquire for him at Stubbs, the butcher, High-street, R:\msgute.' " Do you know anybody of the name of Alonzo. at Stubbs, the butcher' ? You don't say anything about it in your letter. All that ! am able to make out of it is that Alonzo is in some way a friend of yours, and that you have forgotten to tell mc about hitn. Heaven knowa you must have enough to think of. , , My dear young mistress, when I read your letter, I felt as if I ought to fly to you without a minute's delay, and only the thought that. I might do you hnvm instead of good kept me back. The thought was uot mine ; it was Rube's. I gave him your letter to read, and when I told him that it was my duty to ny to your assistance, he said, 444 What will von do when you get there ?' / 44 4 Knock ut the gate,' I answered, 4 and ask for mv dear young lady.' 44 4 Deb,' he said upon that, 4 1 have always looked upon you as a sensible woman, but when vou talk in that way I think you must be losing your witv. Front the descriptions you have given me of this Aunt Parker, there's no love lost between yon. Quite the contrary. She must hate you worse than poison. Well, then ? Who answers the gate when you ring ? Aunt Parker. What docs she do when she sees your face and hdars whatyou'vegot to say ? Send for a policeutnu. Off you march to the lockup Deb, old girl,' said Rube, she's got the law on her side, while you haven't the ghost of a leg to stand on. And there's something else,' said Rube, 4 you've got to think of. You've got to think of what is going to happen after vou put your finger into another niau's pic. Miss Lwa writes to you in secret — she says so herself $ she gets her letter posted in secret by that fellow thnt signs himself Alonzo — a rum chap lie must be, but there must be a lot of good stuff in hm, though it does seem as if he has got a tiie loose. Well's she gets her letter posted ny him and it's all done that neatly and cleverly that Aunt Parker hasn't a shadow of suspicion. Miss Ltua and Alouzo regularly diddle her, Deb ; and if she t!o? find out about it, and how she's been cozeued, she'll be that mad tliat there's no saying what she might be driven to do. As likely as not, whisk Miss Lina off to foreign parts, where you'd have as much chance of getting at her, or of seeing her and letting her see you, as you'd have of getting to tho moon if you tried to fly to it. No, no, Deb/- said Rube, 4 you must give up that idea. (To be Continued.) s The exclusive right of publication ia New South Wales has beeu purchused by the proprietors of "Tho Dully Tclcgrupb," 