SPORTING NOTES. V.R.C. SPRING Meeting. THE DEBET BAT, .(FROU OUP. 5in.3CrP.2iE CORRESPOXPEST.) Saturday, -31st October. Once more we are in tlic midst of. tlae great racing festival', aud, although the weather has been against as it cannot be said that the equine epoch lias opeued unsuccessfully, as the attendance was larcre. Yester day's blaziug heat was succeeded last niglit by heavy raiu, but, contrary to expectation, the sun did not shine brightly this morning', and after an intermission long enough to raise hopes of fair weather, the rain began afresh. This continued until after noon, and the result was a small attendance at first. Fortunately there was something like a clear-up before. the races actually began, and the promise of a fine afternoon induced large numbers to pour down. Owing to the stilt threatening appearance of tho weather, and the wet grass, the ladies, ns -a rule, prudently retained their places iu the staud, though a little promenading was done on tho asphalt. 111 front. His Excellency the Governor together with Lady Loch and the other members of the family, as well as Sir W. C. Kobinsou, tho Governor of South Australia, were present. , Every year wo lind that fresh improvements are added to the already almost perfect course, for the greater comfort and convenience of tho visitors to Fleiniug ton; and the energctic and courteous secretary, Afr H. Byron Moore, is to be congratulated on the amount of work done since the last spring meeting. Journeying by rail we find this portion of the improvements has . been carried out in a very satisfactory manner. In : former years all passengers wero put down and taken up from one platform, which generally caused a crush for seats on the return journey. Now all this is altered. The lines have been increased so "that now there are four roads for passengers and one ; for the engines, and they together with the signals are^ under the control of the men in the signal box, which contains 59 of H'Kenzie and Holland's patent levers. At tho end of the platforms a light iron sus pension bridge spans the lines, and from this x>ointof vantage tho oilicer iu charge regulates the traffic. Saxby and Palmer's interlocking bars have also been, put down, by means of which it is . impossible for two trains to meet on the same road, the points and signals being so adjusted that a new road cannot be made until the other one is clear. To the right of the rails anew platform has been made for the ;use of second-class passengers to the hill and llat. The former gain access to the course "by gates at tlic end of .the new platform opening onto the back of the hill, iwhilst the flatitea descend from the town end of the 'platform, and pass undergo, sub-way on to the Eat. The '.old platform is to he used for first-class only to the hill and stand, and to prevent the crush in returning there 'aro three entrances to the platform. The hill people [entering by tho old doois at the end of the platform, grand-stand folks by tho old doors, and members aud ;their ladies by another set of doors further down. The .Railway authorities have expended about £7,000 on ;these we'rks, and no doubt ib will turn out a profitable 'investment, us hundreds of poople will now patronise the railway in preference to the road, knowing that there will not be tho dreadful rush and crush which formerly took placo. On the course we find that Mr. !Moora has douo all in his power to prevent mis takes, as 'several extra large notice boards with white letters on a ^bright red ground are placed in conspicuous places to direct the people which .way to go. One great source of. annoyance used to bo the rush of second-class passengers and those goiug by road to turn across tho path leading from the stand to the railway platform. This is now obviated by second class x)assengers going as before mentioned to the opposite side of the line, whilst for tho convenience of the hill people travelling by vehicles, a bridge has .been erected over the path alluded to. Descending to the iJromenade in front of the stand we have another proof of Mr Moore's forethought, as we find there are six new staircases leading from the terrace on to tho staud. This is a piece of work which will be highly appreciated, as it will enable visitors to- get out more readily, and before the influx of spectators descend from the upper-stand. Passing along to the paddock we tind some additional accommodation for meuiber3; at the roar of tho weighing and stewards' rooms a small bar with three small snuggeries fitted with tables, seats, etc., has been constructed, where members tvncl their friends will be able to obtain refreshments, in cluding tea, coffee, etc. The judge's box lias beon lowered and slightly alterod for the better, and this and the works mentioned, and several smaller items have cost the club a pretty round sum. Tho money, however, is well spent, as it is generally admitted by English aud foreign visitors that Flemiugtonis tho beat and most perfectly appointed racecourse in the world. The hill, especially tho back portion of it, is covered with a luxuriant crop of grass, whilst the flower beds aro simply magnificent. The beautiful bright color of tho inesembryanthomum shows conspicuously as you ascend tho hill'from the second-class platform, and forma a pleasing but striking contrast to the yellow aud black (Tait's colors) gazania, which forms the border. Tho hill proper is alao well covered "with grass, and looking down from this exalted position the lawn looks like a splendid green carpet, gently relieved by bright colors, the said bright colors being the bright blooming Uower beds which have been taste fully arranged ou the lawn, aud which at this season of the year aro always seen to perfection, What aeon trasttho placo will .present this day week. The lawn, hill, flat, and other parts of tho course will have been walked over by thousands of poople. However, " suf ficient unto the day is tho evil thereof," and provided there ia not a strong wind next Saturday it will be ex tromoly pleasant at rieiniugton, as the only dust that will be raised-to-cause auy inconveuieuce will be by the horses as they sweep up the straight, and pass the stand. . . : As usual the day's 'amusement was initiated with tlje Melbourne Stakes, which resulted in a win for Trenton after a good finish, with Sheet Anchor and Ringmaster, who finished in that order. Lesbio effected a surprise in the Hotliam Handicap by winning, with Mentmore second, and Anglesey third. Tho Agent won tho Weight-for-Age Hurdle Race, after a good race with Gasaiier, Duration being third. In tho Maribyrnong Plato, Acme justified the confidence of the public in her by winning easily, with Maddelinii second, aud Blairgowrie third. The Selling Race was a gift to Aibanus. Eightcamo out'for the Derby, and a^aic backers wore fortunate, as the favorite Nordenfeldt, ridden by Ellis, won after a fiue finish with First Chester, Winchester beiug third. Mei/Bouhne' STAKES.-A sweep of 5 sovs. cach, with 1300 added; second horse 50 sovs. out of. the stakes. For three-year-olds and upwards. Weight for age. Ouo mile and a quarter. Mr. D. O'Brien's b h Treutou, 4 yrs, 9st (Robertson) 1 Mr. M. Loughlin'a br h Sheet Anchor, aged, 9st 41bs (O'Brien) 2 Mr. J. Wilson's (juu.) b or br c Riugni«.ster, 3 yrs, 7st lllbs (Moore) 3 Uosworth, Prometheus, Honeydew, Mozart, aud Cyclops also started. After somo little trouble Mr. Watson sour., who was wielding the flag, got them away fairly togethor, tho favorite, Honeydew aud Trenton boiug tbe quickest on their legs, Sheet Anchor being next, and Boswortli, who got off father badly,1 last. .At the mile post Tren ton and Ringmaster were together a length in front of Prometheus and Honeydew, whilst Mozart was acting as whippor in. At the bridge Bo3worth ran up and assumed tho lead, and was quickly three lengths in front of Trenton and Hpneydew, who were closely at tended by Cyclops and Sheet Anchor. Passing tho sheds and running dowii'to the turn, Trenton again assumed the load, having Cyclops and Ringmaster close on his quarter?, the1 others' being well up. Cyclop3 led into tho straight, Ringmaster and Trenton being together, with Sheet Anchor on tho inside. At tho distance Cyclops was do'uo with; and Trenton answering gamely beat-Sheet Anchor by half a length/who was a longth and a half in front of Ringmaster. ' Time : 2 mina. IGiaecs. HOTHAM HANDICAP.-A sweep of 5 sovs. with 300 added, second horse 7Q$, third, 30 sovs. out of tho stake, rJ" S ycar-old$ aiid upwards. One mile and a lialf and a distauco. . , Mt-S. Davi«' biu Lesbia, Gyrs/fis.^W (M Domiell) 1 Mr J. Whitticgham'a bh Meutmore, 5 yrs, 101P3 ... ..." (Ony) 3 Mr G. S. Harris' hr or bl h Signor, 5 yr8, 6st lOlbs, .carried'Gst I2ilfos... ... (Brown) S 0*1 Color, Chucfcster, Anglesey, Comet;, Doncnster, Kingship, Lantern, Geuoe, and Agitation also started. Betting: 4 to 1 Comet,-5 to 1 Anglesey, Lesbia, Meutmore, runl Signor, 0 to 1 Chiiclratt-r, 8 to 1 others. -Prom au indifferent start Doucq!sfccrr Chnckqter p.m} Comet-were the first to^show in front; Agi*tatiori? Genoa, Signor, and LesbiiVbeing together,' As they passed tho standi Agitation was n'length ahead of Don caster, Signor, Comet, and Genoe being in close atteud auce, whilst Meutmore was last. At the river turn Agitation led by two lengths,- Comet being iusfc clear of Signorand Doucastor, who were together, then came Lesbia in the centro and going well, whilst the field was well up. Oil Color and Chuekster being lost. Agitation mniutained the premier position along the back, passed the abattoirs, and down to the sheds, where she gave way to Siguor.ftrid Lesbia, who were followed by Cornet and IJoncastor. , Approaching tho turn Meutmore came out and gotting up on the inside was first into the straight, with Lesbia, Signor aud Comet well up. A good, slogging race, home resulted .in Lesbia being landed by-. hrtlf-.i'length from Menfcmore. Signor, Gen'oe and Comet fluishod well together, the former just securing third, piaoe, Agititiou was iie^t, tl\C lot ' being whipped iubyOtf Color and Chuclcstei?, Time-2 mm. 57 sees. ?Weight roit AOE HURDLE RACE-A sweep of 5 sovs. with 200 added. About 2 miles. Mr, C»H. T. Hart's ch h The Agent {aged), 12st 2lbs ..." ..." ' .*./ ... (Ferghsou) 1 Hon. AV. Pearson's bm Gasalier, 6 yrs, ll3t lllbs (Gardner) 2 Mi*. J. Cripp's bl h Duration, 5 yrs, list lOlbs ^ ... (M'Lcod) - 3 ; ... (SI'Lcod) 3 Molrow aud Royal Maid also started. Betting: G to 4 on The Agent; 5 to2 against Dura tion; 4 to 1 Royal Maid. Tho ftvo loft the' "post together, "but at a slow pace, Gasalier being the first to make play, and attended by Duration and Royal Maid showed the way over the first two jumps. Coming: down the straight Royal Maid todlc second place, The Agent being a length behind Duration, and 111 this order they cleared the hurdle opposite tho stand, Sfolrow being last and absolutely out £>£ it as he wns being ridden to keep near tho field. Along tho river side trhey swept-without changing places, but going by the .Railway Bridge Boynl Staid took the lead, and was fqllowed by I)urdtion and Gasa lier togothcr, The Agent .ruuuing well three, lengths off. A't' the abattoirs the ^friid was a length in front, of Duration aiid Gasalier, who were four lengths ahead of The Agent.; "Bunulug down by the sheds The Agent commenced to go up; and just as they reached the turn he forged ahead, Duration and Gasalier being together, The Agent.led; into the straight, and the last hnrdle ? was cleared by him slightly in advance of Gasalier and Duration. 'A' great race home ensued,; the favorito eventually winuing by a lengthfrom'Gasalier,\vho was a lqugth and a halt in front of Duration-Boyal Maid cantering in. ~ - Time-^.mins. 55} socs. 0 THE Maribtrkono PLATE.-A sweop of 80 sov. with 500 added., For' two-year-olds. G'olte; &ib; lOlbs; Allies, 8st 51bs. Socond horse 200 sovs., and third 100 sovs, out of tho state. Five furlongs (12G subs.) Hon. J."White's brf Acnio-Chester-PrihccssMand ' ... ..." u;- ... ... (Hales)- 1 .MrX. Watson'sbh f Uaddolina.;. . ... (Weasel)- 2 Mr D. Cooper's ch. c Blairgowrie ... (Robertson) 3 The following also started : - Dufferin, Dividend, Damocles, .Retort,' Chesham, -Halcyou, Telephone, Trojan, Essie, Devotion, The Kun,' Louise *Berta, | Tamarisk. Betting t-2 to 1 Acme, * to 1 .Blairgowrie, 4 to 1 Tho Nun, 6 to 1 Louise Berta, 10 to. 1 -Dajnocles; *2ulycoh and Trojan, 20 to 1 Essie, Devotion find Maddelina. After one false start the whole sixteen were set going oil pretty fair terms. The Nun, Chesham,'Acme, Blair-" gowric and Maddeliua's colors "being first to be. made out. ;Crossing tlio fciu Tho. Nuu had a slight lead of Chesham, who had AcinO 'on his quarters, Essie and Blairgowrie being the next pair. Entering the.course proper. The Nun on tho inside'was still in tlio van, Chesham and Acme being clnse-;up,' with Tamarisk and Blairgowrie in'the'eenire. Atthe distance Blair gowrie went to tlie froht.Chosham and Acme still lying second and third respectively,-whilst Maddelina -had ? runup fourth. - At tho half; distance;Hales shook the favorite up,'and tho filly answering, gamely, she came away and won rather easily by thr'eo.lengths.Maddelina,: who, came with a-great rush; heating. Blairgowrie for secorid place'by a leiigth.: Louise Berta was fourth, thou came Ohesliam, Damocles,Tho Nun and Telephone, witli Devotion and Dulferin last. Time 1 miu. sees,; Selling KACE'.-A sweep of 3 sovs, with 150 added, for. three-year-old and upwards. . "Weight for age. The. winner to bb sold fbr 150 sovsj Tibs allowed for every \- £50 reduction iu selling price; Seven furlongs, - Mr J. Warno'a ohi a Albaiiua (nil), aged, Gst Cilia i . »..;.(M'Dowell) 1 Mr T. Coffey's br g Scaramouch (nil), nged, 7st 71ba ...? s, "A. ... (Sanders) 2 Mr T. Jones': cli; o: Solo(nil), 3 lyrs, -0at-Clb3 ... ,\ -. .m (Flannacran) 3 . Pliantom,'; Virago,.. Agatha, Stonchroke, . Egbert, Phaon, and Sparkle Also started: L I . . .. v '-'i Betting ": 3 to 1 Scaramouch, Virago and Solo; 5 to 1 Albanus. "v ^ f Agatha; Virago and* Albanus wera first ,to show in front oii the fall 61 the flasv' Egbert, Solo and Sparkle . being nexfc.'-<Afc the'sheds Albanus had taken tho pro' miorpositiou,: Sola being seconds-then cams. Virago/ i Phaou, and three" ox .four.-othors-Jir, a cluster,'. At the. half-mile i>ost Solo assumed commandrb«t only for a \brieS period, us, Albanus- was -first into the straight, attended by Yirngo, ^olo/: and - Phaon; r At this point -'Scaramouch began_to'go. np,.and at "tlio* distance was . fourth,';v-Albairavubxt'.tlie rails," was ,kept going; aiid -was landod a wfriuerb^lialfalcngth,' Scaramouchywho cams fast ^ho'fipisVi bc»tia§ Solo o» i<?r second place; then came Virago, Agflthn, Phr.on, the whipper in beintr Stonebroke, Time-1 inin 31j sees. The judge made an awful mess of the decision, and put up Solo's number as second, and no third placed. This was subsequently altered and Scaramouch placed second, but no tlrirtl, although all the pressmen made it Solo third as stated above. THE VICTORIA DEKBT.-A sweep of 25 sovs. with 050 added, MO sovs. and all the sweep for first horse; ICO sovs. for second, mid 50 sovs. lor third. For 3 year old colts, Sst 101 iilliea, Sat 5U>3. One aid n half miles. (liiGsnbs.). Hon. J. White's br c Nordenfeldt, by Musket (Ellis) 1 Mr W. Kelso's br c First Chester (Kelso) 2 lion. W. Robinson's br c Winchester (late Man chester (Power) 3 Remus, Dunlop, Isouoiny, Thunderbolt, and Uralla, also started. ?Betting : 0 to Nordenfeldt, -i to 1 Thunderbolt, 5 to 1 Dunlop, G to 1 Isonomy and Uralla, 8 to 1 Remus, 10 lo .1 Firat Chester. Uralla had the inside position, and Thunderbolt the outside, tiic latter beiug very fractious, and trying to get rid of his rider. Nordenfeldt, Remus, and First Chester were quickest on their legs, but before reach ing" the turn Remus rushed to tho front and led Nordenfeldt by a length, the same distance behind came Dunlop and Thunderbolt, with Uralla last. Rounding- the river turn Remus continued at the head of affairs, having Isonomy ns his immediate attendant; a length and a half off came Nordenfeldt, who was clear of Thunderbolt, the latter being two lengths in front of Dunlop, Uralla still being last. A'ong the back of the course Remus and Isonomy had a couple of lengths to the good, Thundeibolt and Nordenfeldt being together, then followed Dun lop. Uralla at this stage commenced to go up whilst First Chester dropped back last. Passing the railway bridge,Remus hud forged ahead again, aud was a length in frout of Isonomy, who was closely waited upon by Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt, the others bunched well together, Uralla on the outside. Before reachiug the abattoirs, Isonomy deprived Remus of the lead, and as they swept along towards tho sheds was two lengths in front of Romus, Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt, the others well up. Coming to the turn Remus was supplanted by Norde nfeldt and Thunder bolt, and in this order they swept into the straight, Isonomy leading to the distance amidst shouts of " Isonomy wins." On they came, all well together, the favorite in a good position and going splendidly. At the carriage paddock, First Chester aud Winchester came with a great rush, and Thunderbolt and Isonomy were outpaced. Opposite the stand, First Chester swerved and nearly threw Nordenfeldt out of it, but Ellis kept him well in hand, aud by a great effort won on the post by a neck, Winchester u length and a half off, third. Then came Thunderbolt, Isonomy, Dunlop, Remus and Uralla last. Time-2 mins. -IS} sees. COBURG STAKES.-A handicap sweep of 5 sovs, with.200 added. Second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stake. For three-year-olds and upward*. One mile and a furloug. .Sir T. Jones' br li 'Bohemian, 4 yrs, 7st Gibs ... (Flaiiuagau} 1 Messrs W. and A. Crozier's br g Lantern, G yrs, Sst lllbs (O'Brieu) 2 Hon. W. Pearson's b g Parody, 3 yrs, Gst (Gory) 3 Stafford, The Ghost, Irallee, Dirk Hafcteraick, The Israelite, Wing, Lord Exeter, Lavington, Merrimu, Marie Louise, Tempo, Waverley, Recall, Honeycomb, Real Jam, and Buttress also started. Betting: 2 to 1 Tempo, 5 to 1 Meriimu, G to 1 The Ghost, Stafford, and Marie Louise, S and 10 to 1 others. Stafford, Wing, and Marie Louise were first away, but ere the}* had goue far Lautern took uj>the running, followed by Wing, Marie Louise, and half-a-dozen others. Dirk Hattemick showed prominently at the abattoirs, but gave way to Lantern and Lavington at the shetHj, who were closely followed by Bohemian and Tempe. Lautern was first in the straight, but Bohemian came with a wet sail, aud beat him by a length, Parody, who came with a rush, securing third place. Merrimu was fourth, Tempe fifth, and Real Jam last, , Time-1 inin. 59} sees. . LATEST BETTING. f'Br ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.! {FEOil OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, 31st October. Consequent ou their victories on Saturday, Nordon feldt aud Trenton are now at the head of quotations for the Cup. The following are the latest prices:-100 to 30 Nordenfeldt, 100 to 1G Troutou, 100 to 12 Despot, 100 to 10 Liverpool, 100 to G Kit Nubbles, 100 to 5 Brownaud Rose, 1U0 to 4, Cerise and Blue, Stornaway, Motal, Sheet Anchor, Acolyte and Prometheus; 100 to -3 St. John, Plausible, Britisher, Grace Darling,Tom Brown, Coriolanus, Thunderbolt and Dunlop; 100 to 2 Honey dew, Lord Wilton, Hilltop, St. Lawrence. Warwick aud Blink Bonny; 100 to 1 Velocipede. CRICKET. Owing to the heavy rain of Saturday morning the match between the Beudjgo United aud North Bendi go Clubs was not continued, and is therefore drawn. The Golden-square Juniors beat tho Copulets 2nd eleven by an innings and 30 runs. Tho Square mado 11G; Douey 35, Wilson 12, Frosc and Blurtou 10 each, by excellent cricket batted best for Golden-square. Harris Hi and 1, J. Johns IS aud 3, S. Johns 9 and 0, batted well for the Capulets. Murdeu 7 for 12, Frost 2 for 7 iu tho first innings; whilst Duff 7 for 19, and Whitford J for 10 trundled the best for jolden-square; and Harris and Hi]rle for the Capulets bowled host. I Ttuna ui]ric ior cue uapulots bowled boat. I ^ The match Golden-square Juniors 2nd eleven v. I Golden-square Alberts resulted iu a draw, greatly in favor of the Juniors. Tho Alberts boiug short-, picked players cli' the jjrouud. Tlie Juuiorn made ICS, Owen (33 (not out), by brilliant play, Andrews 2S, Roberts 18 and Deau 15 by steady plav, being the chief contributors. The Alberts had lost '6. wickets for 19 at t! e call of time, Andrews 9, and Henley 4, battiug best. GourJey and Brokenshire bowled exceedingly well for the Juuiors, and Roberts and Audreys bowled best for the Alberts. The "West End team proceeded to Eaglehawk on Saturday to try conclusions with the Albion Brewery. The match resulted in a draw, greatly in favor of tho West End. The West End went first to the wickets, and succeeded in making -iO runs, Deau, 17,. Walker 9, and Graham 6, being the highest scorers. The Albion Brewery then went to tho wickets, nod at the call of time had lost 9 wickets for 18 runs, Brown 7 (not out), being top scorer. The bowling honors were divided bstween Sharp aud Trevarrow for the West End, and Arthur and Brown for the Albiou Brewery. West End v. Golden-square Juniors in the Upper Reserve for Hutchison and Myers' cup on Weduesday. West End team-Trevarrow (eapt.), Brewer, Mead, Luckhurst, Graham (2), Dean (2), T. Phillips, Walker, Marchingo, Kelyuack, Harrison, Sharp, Retallick, Nagel, Whitelock aud Thompson. The secrotary of the Crusoe Owls Cricket Club, Mr. For, announces his readiness to arrange matches for his club ou Saturdays. The Grown and West Beudigo tried conclusions for the first time this season at Redan Hill on Saturday, tb/Vi^XV^V-^Hvi/e jj>va-Ar5xr,~^Tr-i,^c^c?iv-x_/,' imu. it tfC7.Cl 9, being top scorers. At tho call of time the Crown had lo3t six wickets for 10*; W. Evans 21, Daykin 10 (not out), Trewin 15, T\ Evans I t, aud Keiisou 12, were the principal scorers. The bowliug for the Crown was doue by Viunard, Daykin, Berchdolt and Neilsou, while Sampson was most successful for West Beudigo. The junior cup match (Owen and Tr.mston's), North Bendigo Juniors v. Crown, will be resumed ou Wednes day at California Gully. The game uowstands:-Crown lstinuings, 125; 2nd iuuiugs,7o; total, 200. Juniors 1st innings, 91; 2nd innings, six wickets for -15; total. }3<1» The Capulets and the Southern Crosq mot for tho first time this season iu tho Upper Reserve on Saturday, After an interesting match victory rested with the Capulets by 51 ruus. Martin winning the toss on be half of the Cupulets from Kerr, who acted, as skipper for the Cross, decidcd to bat first'on a'fair .wicket, sending in Thompson and Skimmings as the first representatives. Tho score at the fall o f first ! wicket was 10, tho innings finally closing for 104 runs.' Considine in first-class style; Martin lt>, ? Brown'10, Thompson 10, aud O'Neill 10 being, tho ; double-figure scorers. The Cross then commenced j their first essay, their first representatives beiug ? Grunts and Grellis. Opposed to them were the Capu lets* trundler3, Martin and Comber. The score at tho fall of the fifth wicket was 27 runs, the innings finally Clpsing for 53 runs. Kerr was responsible for 30 of 'thisnumber, none of the other batsuicn" getting into double lVureS. It thus left tho Capulets tho winners bv 51 runs. -The fowling of tho Capulets proved very; destructive to the Cross, Comber capturing G wickets for 23 runs, O'Neill 2 for no runs, and Martiu 1 for-20: and for the Cross the most successful lion- iy\4 Grelliri, Thu fielding qi v-ne Capuletjj wa.fhigljiycotiV incused, especially-'Comber iu the slips, and Considine behind the stumps, Tho fielding of tho Crosa was also very good, ^Messrs. Calverly and Hogan noted as umpires iu a satisfactory manner. CYCHSG. The secretary of the Ramblers* Sports Meeting re ceived on Saturday two valuable trophies. One, a neat casQ of forks nud spoons being from Mr KuigUt4 Charing Cross, and tho other a silver cup from Messrs Bishop and Co., Melbourne. . They will bo ou.viow at Mr R. Dare's, View Point, to-day. Members of the Ramblers'B.C. ate informed that they may train for tho forthcoming sports on the B.U.C.C. track. Admittance to the ground to be had on production of their tickets. Tho usual committee meeting of the above club will be held to-night at the Metropolitan Hotel, when entries will be received. 