"I SAY NO" OR, the love-letter answered. By WILKIE CGLLINS. The Right of Translation is Resebved.j BOOK THE FOURTH.— THE DIS COVERY. Chapter XL. —Consulting. Out of the music-room, and away from his violin, the sound side of Mr. Wyvil's character was free to assert itself. In his public and in his private capacitv be was an eminently sensible man. As a member of Parliament he set an example which might have been followed with advantage by many of his colleagues. In the first place, he abstained from hasten ing the downfall of representative institu tions by asking questions and making speeches. In the second place, he was able to distinguish between the duty that he owed to his party and the duty that he owed to his country. When the Legislature acted politically — that is to say, when it dealt with foreign complications or electoral reforms — he followed his leader. When the Legislature acted socially — that is to say, for the good of the people — he followed hiB conscience. On the last occasion when the great Russian bugbear provoked a division he voted submissively with his Conservative allies. But when the question of opening museums and pioture galleries on Sundays arrayed the two parties in hostile camps he broke into open mntiny and went over to the Liberals. He consented to help in preventing an extension of the franchise ; but he refused to be oonoerned in" obstructing the repeal of taxes on knowledge. 4 I am doubt ful in the first case,' he said, ' but I am sure in the second.' He was asked for an explanation: 'Doubtful of what? and snre of what?' To the astonishment of his leader he answered : ' The benefit to the people.' The same sound sense appeared in the transactions of his private life. Lazy and dishonest servants found that the gentlest of masters had a side to his character which took them by surprise. And on certain occasions in the experience of Ceoilia and her sister the most indulgent of fathers proved to betas capable of saying ' No' as the sternest tyrant who ever ruled a fireside. Called into council by his daughter and his guest, Mr. Wyvil assisted them by advice which was equally wise and kind, but which afterwards led, under the perverse influence of circumstances, to deplorable results. The letter to Emily which Cecilia had recommended to her father's consideration had come from Netherwoods, and had been written by Alban Morris. He assured Emily that he had only deoided on writing to her after some hesitation in the hope of serving interests which he did not himself understand, but which might prove to be interests worthy of consideration never theless. Having stated bis motive in these terms, he proceeded to relate what had passed between Miss Jethro and himself — conceal ing, for obvious reasons, the farewell words in which she had so Btrangely alluded to the memory of Emily's father. On the subject of Franeine Alban only ventured to add that she had not produced a favourable im pression on him, and that he eould not think her likely, on further experience, to prove a desirable friend. On the last leaf were added some lines which Emily was at no loss how to answer. She had folded baok the page, so that no eyes but her own should see how the poor drawing- master finished his letter : — ' I wish you all possible happiness, my dear, amongour new friends ; but don't forget the old friend who thinks of yon and dreams of you and longs to see you again. ' The little world I live in is a dreary world, Emily, in your absence. Will you write to me now and then and encourage me to hope?' Mr. Wyvil smiled as he looked at the folded page which hid the signatare. I suppose I may take it for granted,' he said slily, ' that this gentleman really has your interests at heart ? May I know who he is ?' Emily answered the last question readily enough. Mr. Wyvil' went on with bis inquiries. About the mysterious lady with the strange name,' he proceeded — 'do you know anything of her ?' Emily related what she knew ; without revealing the true reason for Misb Jethro 's departure from Netherwoods. In after years it was one of her most treasured remembrances that she had kept secret the melancholy confession whioh had startled her on the last night of her life at eohool. The proprietors of "The Weekly Times " have pur chased the rigrt of publishing this oorel in Ylotoris, Mr. Wyvil looked at Alban'a letter again. 'Do you know how Miss Jethro became acquainted with Mr. Mirabel ?' he asked. ' I didn't even know that they were acquainted.' Do you think it likely — if Mr. Morris had been talking to you instead of writing to you — that he might have said more than he has said in his letter?' Ceoilia had hitherto remained a model of discretion. Seeing Emily hesitate, tempta tion overcame her. 4 Not a doubt of it, papa !' she declared confidently. 1 Is Cecilia right ?' Mr. Wyvil inquired. Reminded in this way of her influence over Alban, Emily could only ma'ne one honest reply. She admitted that Cecilia was right. Mr. Wyvil thereupon advised her not to express any opinion nntii she was in a better position to judge for herself. 'When you write to Mr. Morris,' he continued, 4 say that you will wait to tell him what you think of Miss Jethro until you see him again.' 4 I have no prospect at present of seeing him again,' Emily said. 'You can see Mr. Morris whenever it suits him to come here,' Mr. Wyvil replied. 'I will write and ask him to visit us, and you can enclose the invitation in your letter.' ' Oh, Mr. Wyvil, how good of you !' 'Oh, papa, the very thing I was going to ask you to do !' The excellent master of Monksmoor looked unaffectedly surprised. 4 What are you two yonng ladies making a fuBS about?' he said. Mr. Morris is a gentleman by profession ; and — may I venture to say it, Miss Emily? — a valued friend of yours as well. Who has a better claim to be one of my guests ?' Cecilia stopped her father as he was about to leave the room, ' I suppose we mustn't ask Mr. Mirabel what he knews of Miss Jethro?' she said. ' My dear, what can you be thinking of ? What right have we to question Mr. Mirabel about Miss Jethro ?' It's so very unsatisfactory, papa. There must be some reason why Emily and Mr. Mirabel ought not to meet, or why should Miss Jethro have been so earnest about it.' 'Miss Jethro doesn't intend us to know why, Ceoilia. It will -perhaps come out in time. Wait for time.' Left together, the girls discussed the oourse whioh Alban would probably take on receiving Mr. Wyvil'8 invitation. 4 He will only be too glad,' Cecilia asserted, ' to have the opportunity of seeing yon again.' 'I doubt whether he willuare about seeing me again among strangers,' Emily replied. 4 And you forget that there are obstacles iu his way. How is he to leave his class ?' 4 Quite easily. His class doesn't meet on the Saturday half-holiday ; he can be here, if he starts early, in time for luncheon, and he can stay till Monday or Tuesday.' Who is to take his place at the school?' 4 Miss Ladd, to be sure, if you make a point of it. Write to her as well as to Mr. Morris.' The letters being written, and the order having been given to prepare a room for the expected guest, Emily and Cecilia returned to the drawingroom. They found the elders of the party variously engaged— the men with newspapers and the" ladies with work. Entering the conservatory next, they dis covered Cecilia's sister languishing among the flowers iu an eaey-ohair. Constitutional laziness in some young ladies assumes an invalid character, and presents the interesting spectacle of perpetual convalescence. The doctor declared that the baths at St. Moritz had cured Miss Julia. Miss Julia deolined to agree with the doctor. 'Come into the garden with Emily and me,' Cecilia said. ' Emily and you don't know what it is to be ill.' Julia answered. The two girls left her, and joined the young people who were amnsing themselves in the garden. Franeine had taken possession of Mirabel, and had condemned him to hard labour in swinging her. He made an attempt to get away when Emily and Cecilia approached, and was peremptorily recalled to bis duty. ' Higher !' cried Miss de Sor, in hex hardest tones of authority. ' I want to swing higher than anybody else !' Mirabel submitted with gentleman like resignation, and was rewarded by tender encouragement expreseed in a look. 4 Do you see that?' Cecilia whispered. ' He knows how rich she is ; I wonder whether he will marry her.' Emily smiled. ' I doubt It while he is in this house,' she said. You are as rich as Franeine, and don't forget that you have other attractions as well.' Cecilia shook her head. 'Mr. Mirabel is very nice,' Bhe admitted, 'but I wouldn't marry him. Would you ?' Emily secretly compared Alban with Mirabel. ' Not for the world !' she answered. The next day was the day of Mirabel's departure. His admirers among the ladies followed him out to the door, at whioh Mr. Wyvil's carriage was waiting. Franeine threw a nosegay after the departing guest as he got in. 4 Mind you ccme back to us on Monday !' she said. Mirabel bowed, and thanked her; but his last look was for Euiily, standing apart from the others at the top of the eteps. Franoine said nothing. Her lips closed convulsively— Bhe turned suddenly pale. Chapter XLI. — bpeec hifying. On the Monday a ploughboy from Vale Regis arrived at Monksmoor. In respect of hiincelf he was a person beneath notice. In respect of his errand be was sufficiently important to cast a gloom over the household. The faithless Mirabel had broken his engagement, and the plough- boy was the herald of misfortune who brought his apology. To his great disappointment (he wrote), he was detained by the affairs of his parish. He could only trust to Mr. Wyvil's indulgence to excuse him, and to communicate his sincere sense of regret (on scented note-paper) to the ladies. Everybody believed in the affairs of the parish, with the exception of Franeine. 4 Mr. Mirabel has made the best excuse he could think of for shortening his visit ; and I don't wonder at it,' she said, looking significantly at Emily. Emily was playing with one of the dogs ; exercising him in the tricks whioh he had learnt. She balanced a morsel of sugar on his nose — and had no attention to spare for Franeine. Ceoilia, a9 the mistress of the house, felt it her dnty to interfere. That is a strange re mark to make,' she answered. 4 Do you mean to say that we have driven Mr. Mirabel away from us ?' 'I accuse nobody,' Franeine began with spiteful oandour. 4 Noiv she's going to acouse everybody !' Emily interposed, addre3&ing; herself face tiously to the dog. 4 But when girls are bent on fascinating men, whether they like it or not,' Franeine proceeded, 4 men have only one alternative — they must keep out of the way.' She looked again at Emily, more pointedly than ever. Even gentle Cecilia resented this. 4 Whom do you refer to ?' she said, sharply. 4 My dear !' Emily remonstrated, 4 need you ask?' She glanced at Franeine as she spoke, and then gave the dog his signal. He tossed up the sugar, and caught it in his mouth. His audience applauded him— and so for that time the skirmish ended. Among the letters of next morning's delivery arrived Alban's reply. Emily's anticipations proved to be correct. The drawing-master's duties would not permit him to leave Netherwoods; and he, like Mirabel, sent his apologies. His short letter to Emily contained no further allusion to Miss Jethro ; it began and ended on the first page. Had he been disappointed by the tone of reserve in which Emily had - written to him, under Mr. Wyvil's advice ? Or (as Cecilia snggested) had his detention at the school so bitterly disappointed him that he was too disheartened to write at any length ? Emily made no attempt to arrive at a conclusion either one way or the other. She seemed to be in depressed spirits ; and she spoke superstitiously for the firEt time in Cecilia's experisnce of her. 4 1 don't like this reappearance of Miss Jethro,' she said. 'If the mystery abent that woman is ever cleared np, it will bring troub'e and sorrow to me — and I believe, in his secret heart, Alban Morris thinks so;too.' ' Write and ask him,' Cecilia suggested. 4 He is so kind and so unwilling to distress me,' Emily answered, 4 that he wouldn't acknowledge it, even if I am right.' In the middle of the week, the coarse of private life at Monksmoor suffered an inter ruption, due to the Parliamentary position of the master of the honse. The insatiable appetite for making and hearing speeches, which represents one of the marked peculiarities of the English race (including their cousins in theUnited States), had seized on Mr. Wyvil's constituents. There was to be a political meeting at the market hall, in the neighbouring town, and the member was expected to make an oration, passing in review contemporary events at home and abroad. Pray don't think of accompanying me,' the good man said to his guests. 4 The hall is badly ventilated, and the speeches, including my own, will not be worth hearing.' This hnmane warning was ungratefully disregarded. The gentlemen were all interested in 'the objects of the meeting,' and the ladies were firm in the resolution not to be left at home by themselves. They dressed with a view to the large assembly of spectators before whom they were abont to appear, and they, out-talked the men on political subjects all the way to the town. The most delightful of surprises was in store for them when they reached the market hall. Among the crowd of ordinary gentle men waiting under the portico until the pro ceedings began appeared one person of distinction, whose title was 'Reverend,' and whose name was Mirabel. Franeine was the first to difcover him. She darted up the steps and held out her hand. 'This is a pleasure!' she cried. 'Have yoa come here to see — ' She was about to say me, bnt, observing the strangers round her, altered the word to us. 4 Please give me your arm,' she whispered, before her yonng friendB had arrived within hearing, 4 1 so frightened in a crowd !' She held fast by Mirabel, and kept a jealous watcb on him. Was it only her fancy, or did she detect a new charm in his smile when he spok$ to Emily I Before It was possible to decide, the time for the meeting had arrived. Mr. Wyvil's friends were, of course, accommodated with seats on the platform. Franoine, still Insisting on her claim to Mirabel's arm, got a chair next to him. As she seated herself, she left him free for a moment. In that moment the infatuated man took an empty ohair on the other side of him, and placed it for Emily. He-communicated to that bated rival the information which he ought to have reserved for Franeine. 4 The committee insist,' lie said, 4 on my proposing one of the resolutions. I promise not to bore you; mine shall be the shortest speech delivered at the meeting.' The proceedings began. Among tbe earlier speakers not one was inspired by a feeling of mercy for the audience. The chairman revelled in words. The mover and seconder of the first resolu tion (not having so much as a ghost of an idea to tronble either of them) poured out language in flowing and overflowing streams, like water from a perpetual spring. The heat exhaled by the crowded audience was already becoming insufferable. Cries of 4 Sit down !' assailed the orator of the moment. The chairman was obliged to interfere. A man at tbe back of the hall roared out, Ventilation !' and broke a window with hie stiok. He was rewarded with three rounds of cheers, and was ironically invited to mount the platform and take the chair. Under these embarrassing circumstances, Mirabel rose to speak. He secured silence at the outset by a humorous allusion to the prolix speaker who had preceded him. 4 Look at the clock, gentlemen,' he said, 4 and limit my speech to an interval of ten minutes.' The applause which followed was heard, through the broken window, in tbe street. The boya among the mob ontside intercepted the flow of air by climbing; on each other's shoulders and looking in at the meeting through the gaps left by the shattered glass. Having proposed his resolution with discreet brevity of speech, Mirabel courted popularity on tbe plan adopted by the late Lord Palmeraton in the House of Commons — be told stories and made jokes adapted to the intelligence of the dullest people who were listening to him. The charm of his voice and manner completed bis Buccess. Punctually at the tenth minute he sat down amid eries of ' Go on.' Franoine was tbe first to take his hand, and to express admiration mntely by pressing it. He returned the pressure — but be looked at the wrong lady— the lady on the other side. Although she made no complaint, ha instantly saw that EmUy was overcome by the heat. _ Her lips were white, and her eyes were closing. ' Let me take yon out,' he said, 4 or you will faint.' Franeine started to her feet to follow them. The lower order of the audience, eager for amusement, put their own humourous con struction on the young lady's action. They roared with laughter. 4 Let the parson and his sweetheart be,' they called out ; 4 two's company, Miss, and three isn't.' Mr. Wyvil interposed his authority, and rebuked them. A lady seated behind Franeine interfered to good purpose by giving her a chair, which placed her out of sight of the audience. Order was restored — and the proceedings were resumed. On the conclusion of the meeting, Mirabel and Emily were found waiting for their friends at the door. Mr. Wyvil innocently added fuel to the fire that was burning in Franeine. He insisted that Mirabel should return to Monksmoor, and offered him a seat in the carriage at Emily's side, Later in th8 evening, when they all met at dinner, there appeared a ohange in Miss de Sor which surprised everybody but Mirabel. She was gay and good-humoured, and especially amiable and attentive to Emily — who sat opposite to her at the table. What did yon and Mr. Mirabel talk about while yon were away from as ?' she asked innocently. 4 Politics V Emily readily adopted Francine's friendly- tone. 4 Guess again !' she said gaily. ' I oan only guess that you had the most delightful of companions,' Franeine re joined, 41 And I wish I had been overcame by the host too !' Mirabel — attentively observing hex— acknowledged the compliment by a bow, and left Emily to continue tbe conversation. In perfect good faith she owned to bating led Mirabel to talk of himself. She had heard from Ceoilia that his early life had been devoted to various occupations, and she was interested in knowing how circumstances had led him into devoting himself So tbe Church. Franeine listened with the outward appear ance of implicit belief, and with the inward OQDviotion that Emily was deliberately de ceiving her. When the little narrative was at an end, she was more agreeable thyn ever. Shp &dmired; Emily's dress, and she rivalled Cecilia in enjoyment of the good things cs the table ; she entertained Mirabel with humorous anesdotes of the priest at San Domingo, and was bo interested in the manu facture of violins, ancient and modern, that Mr. Wyvil promised to show her his famous collection of instruments after dinner. Her ovei flowing amiability included even poor Miss Darnaway and the absent brothers and sisters. She heard, with flattering sympathy., hew they had been iUasd hri ftt tp Again; what amusing tricks ffceg pUtyfla whatalarming accidents happened to them, and how remarkably clever they were— 4 in cluding, I do assure you, dear Mies de Sr, the babyly teomthTold.' When the ladies rose to retire, Francine "was, socially epeak- ing, the heroine of the evening. While the vfoEns were inhpfrsp of exhibi- Hoc, Mirabel found an opportunity of speak- ing to Easily unobserved. H&w; yon said or done anything to offend Miss de Bur?' he asked. Nothing whatever I1 Emily declared, startled by the question. 4 What makes yon think I have offended her V 1 haveheen trying to find a reason ftp the ohange in her, Mirabel answered ; specially the change towards yourself, Well?1 4 Wall, she means mischief.1 Mischief ot what sort ?' Of a sort which may expose her to dis covery, ?»!» she dinATma suspicion at the outset. That is, as I believe, exactly what she has been doing this evening, I needn't warn yon to be on your guard.1 ail the next day Emily was on the watch for eve&tB;, and nothing happen sd. N t toe lightest appearance of jealousy betrayed itself in Fran cine. She made ho attempt to attract to herself the attentions of Mirabel, nnd ftba showed no hostility to Emily, either by word, look, or manner. . fhp <tey after an event occurred at Kelbes woods, Aiban Morris received an anonymous letter, addressed to him in these terms : 4 A certain young lady in whom you are supposed to be interested is fogettiag you in your absence. If you are not mean enough to allow yourself to be supplanted by another man, join the party at Monksmoor before it is too late.1 (TO BE COSnXUEO.) 