A Blood anil Fire Banner 1 for Ufarracoorte. * The familiar strains of "Lift up the banner on high" were heard in the\Narra coorte streets at an unusual time on .Wed nesday afternoon, markingthe commence ment of the great celebration of the Nar racoorte contingent of the Salvation Army, which during the last two weeks: has been so energetically announced, •• Large posters, altogether unique,in Nar racoorte, hare been- -posted about. an- - neuncing a monster T -fight, salvation, ducks, sucking pigs, holiness and other things not often seen in such juxtaposi tion. The novelty was a great draw, as large. numbers attended thetea and what; was called a salvation supper, both 6f which Were held in the Oddfellows' Hall, and at which, as a soldier remarked, the comforts of this world were as abundantly offered a» were the comforts of the next to those who chose to take them—and pay a shilling. In the afternoon a well attended holiness meeting was held in; the barracks. ' [' \ i The usual nightly meeting. in "the Army : barracks in Robertson-street began at ' about seven o'clock. Although there ^as ! a large attendance, the ball with at no time crowded, add there was evidently much less interest taken in the proceed- ^ ings than was sho.vn when the army opened here about a year ago; : The of the barracks had noticee relative to'the T fii^ht and supper, and such warnings in large black letters as Sinner, prepare =to meet thy GocL" There is a free and easiness and want of formality about the services which are evidently highly5 ap preciated by the majority of-theattend ants. It is not in every church that the congregation can express their opinions, of the sermon to one another and shout out "shut tip" when they consider an "experience"" is becoming tedious. That a good deal of latitude is allowed may be: judged from, the fact that on Wednesday: night a man in the body of the barracks, evidently disgusted with a prosy address, audibly said to a companion "What a siliy old devil that fellow is. Bill; there's no sense in him." The Arfey is purposely I rather lax in repressing such interruptions, as strictness might drive away the people they wish to attract, but on Wednesday evening the end of the tether was reached when the conclusion of a solo by Captain Cain was greeted with loud applar«e-and eri. s of " encore." At this 'Major Thur man said they would not go 'into any ! other church in- the town and make such a noise, aud the Salvation Armyas well as the churches demanded order from their congregations. At this stage two muscu lar soldiers took up a position "convenient j . for keeping what Mr. Coglin would call "a rigorous eye" oh a'group of bojs who were inclined to be demonstrative with their fcet. . > Before the special work of the evening there were the usual addresses by male and female soldiers,J ahd these indicated that cold in the head is very prevalent iiu their ranks. Generally speaking the | women spoke more naturally and more to ; the point than the men, but there was the [drawback that mo-it of them spoke so . softly that they Could hot be heard at the i back of the hall. The style of some of ■ the speakers was colloquial in the extreme, i One of tbem brought '• you see" and " as i yen know" into about every sc »re of I words, and he displayed considerablo in , genuity in ringing all the possible changes on ctAs th« Major was saying what the i Army through God intends to do or what ; God through the Army intends to do." ; At short intervals the addresses would suddenly change into singing a verse of a hymu (accompanied by hand clapping) which had no reference to the subject of the speech, but was apparently introduced to give a chance for more thoughts to arrive. As usual, the fixed determination was expressed to drum the Devil out of Narraeoorte. Some of the turns of speech were striking. One ended by saying— " God bless you ad, and as every one is longing for the meeting to be over so as to go and have a slice of sucking pig, I hope that God's blessing will be on you all." Another regretted that some who had once stood up for Jesus on the plat form were " now back in the gutters of sin, as it were." Now and aga n it was hard to keep from think ing, as hymns were being snag to popular rollicking tunes, that some <>f the prominent soldiers were longing f.,r a little dancing exercise. -As a golden mean, however, the entertainment was varied by the lusty waving of red and white handkerchiefs to the 'music of vigorous voices. The general tenor of the addresses was "join the army and get rid of miserableness and the mulli grubs ; secure constant happiness instead and when death comes salvation will be your own." Tbe principal speeches were made by visitors to the town. Brother Renfrey, of Mount Gatnbier. said he had come to Narracoorte mostly to drive the Major here. He often drove parsons about and was glad to do good in this way, and he was none the worse off for it in a financial point of view. It was a great mistake to suppose that giving time to . the Lord was a loss of money as the Lord j would make it up in another way. He was a Methodist to the backbone, but he knew the army did a work the other churches would not do. The Lord gave him two or three shillings to spare how and then and with these he went to see the army working in Adelaide and Mel bourne. He then at considerable length related what the Army do in those places. The Lord had translated him from dark ness into light to work whenever men were perishing and rescue them from a fiery hell. In Mount Gambier a young woman had neglected the army when they had urged her 10 come to Christ, and in consequence of this she was buried last week. He was certain that if she had joined the army she would now have been alive and a useful member of society. This speaker had several times seemed to be just finishing but he started off again with fresh wind and towards the last an nounced that he felt warmed up for the night. At this there were calls of "sib j down" and he ended. | Major Thurman informed the meeting : that Mr. Renfrey had saved the Army £2 > by driving them from Mt. Gambier. j Others who Jiad not an opportunity of j driving them could put their £2 in the i collection box. _ Three members then made a collection, which did not appear to come to very much. One of them had : some difficulty in recovering the box and , its contents from a knot of youngsters who j evidently did not view the proceedings in j a proper spirit. j Captain Cain made a speech decidedly j above the average in which he pointed out that if the people who came to the Salva tion Aruay were not there they might be in worse places and in this way the Army did good. Many who had previously tried to find consolation in' public houses now found it in prayer. At the first it j was said that Mount Gambier was too re- ! spectable for the Army but in 20 months , the Army had saved hundreds of people there. • The best speech and the most effective one of the evening was made by Mrs. | Captain Thurman, who was evidently thoroughly in earnest and whose clear voice, heard easily all over the Hall, held the attention of the meeting through % loug address.- She denied that excitement, except in a few cases, brought people to the 5 Salvation Army or kept them there, For six years-she bad been in the Army, going through the smooth and the rough and excitement had not kept her there, Pepple stayed because they found they could live and die with salvation. The Army' did work -which others ne glected. In .attempting to hold a meeting at Penola they hadfonnd there about 200 larrikins with no one to speak-to them of Christ, to . tell-them-the- : way to eternal iife. Seeing the state of the - place the Army bad decided to go there or else the people's* souls would be : lost. She knew well enough - the Army life was not easy- work ; it was often bard enough. It was said that it placed plenty of money in their pockets. She had not fotuid it so. : All the money she had had since she left Melbourne was twopence and since coming, to Narracoorteshe had spent it all at once in baying a hymn book. It was holiness and hard work that kept the Salvation Army together. They had the spirit of God in them and were not seeking Test for themselves but trying to lead others to.fhp_.Lamb of Gocl. Sbe had been > iti' the fight for a long time and was getting smaller-erery year bat she could still stand upaudgive her testimony, in the belief %hat when; had finished . their work ; thej would be called by their Father to their home. She could loolc back .with satisfaction- on. the six years she had been trying to rescue ■«.. people from the burning heii. People said it wasn't respectable. 'If they could not getpeppierin one way they would:try other - ways until they, did, get them. Christ * : tian pe< t pie were too backward -in showing themselves to be"Christians. The Sal va tiouists cared for the opinion of Jesus and n'd fiir the . opinion Of other , people. She did not mind what the newspapers said, as they advertised;, the Army for nothing and caused people to come and see what it waB Hkoj and after they had seen they-put a two- shilling piece • in the - plate, so the- newspapers did the Army good. ' Major Thnrroan then nnfurl.id the flag which was to be presented, and the soldiers sang *f Shall we rally round the Bah her 1" Major ThUrman said there were 1.050 corps in iheSal ration Aroiy, of. which 43 were in South' Australia. "He had now to present the coloi* to the 33rd corps of the Army in Sohth Australia: The Nar rafeourfce corps had been established-a .year and was likely to stand, so the Army pre sented a banner to it. The colors on the banuer were blue, red and yellow-. The red was emblematie of the precious blond of Josrs, for without the shedding of blood there was no remission of sins. The blue denoted purity, which the Army enjoined.on all its-members. The yellow represented the sun or fire. The red and .yellow meant blood and fire, the blo.«d of Jesus and the firebf 'tbe Holy Ghost- He would now present the bannt-r to the 33rd corps of the blo®d and fire regiment of the Army in Soatb Australia. He Imped this Tegitnent would work for the g«««l with the Methodist, Presbyfcerien-, Wtsleyan, Church of England and other regiments of the same Army. Turning to Lieutenant Lines, the Officer in chfb-ge of the Locj-l Corps, ha promoted linn to the rank «>f Captain^ and said :—*' Li the name of General Booth, our earthly chief ; in the name of our great Commahder-iti-Cliicf, Jt.sus Christ, I present you with tins ban ner, and I charge yon in the name of • God to be true to the colors. .Carry them into every street, lane and ally to bring i Narrncoorte to Jesus." Captain Lines in replying expressed his determination t<» carry the .colors bravtiy, and acknowledged the kiu-in-ss «>{ the people of th- town in assisting to get up the tea and stipper. After a prayer meeting "a procession, headed hy the band,marched to the Odd fellows' Qall, where, the Supper/wag field,, hut a large .number of tfie wise in. worldly wisdom had taken a short cut and tilled die Hall before the procession arrived, the. consequence being that aSiha.l crowd was waiting after 10 o'clock fortfidr turn to enter into the Salvation supper, which Was not finished until past midnight. 