; THE FRANCO-CHINESE WAR. , PEACE DEFINITELY CONCLUDED. The Times on Tuesday publishes a paragraph which definitely affirms that peace has been conoluded between France and China through the good offices of Sir Robert Hart, for many years Chief of the Customs in China. The convention which ? was concluded by Captain Fournier at Tien Tsin last year is said to form the basis of the proposed treaty of peace, and the Times states that no in demnity is to be paid by China to France. The outstanding feature of the alleged treaty is that France has abandonsd the famous indemnity. The French people i have discovered that the operation of cracking the Chinese nut is much more difficult than thev sunoosed it would be when they made tip their minds to perform it. It has accomplished the overthrow of M. Jules Ferry's Ministry, and the degradation of the able soldier who, until a few days ago, had command of the French forces in Tonquin. But for the rashness and bad statesmanship of the French Premier the war would have been long since terminated, with advantage to the French. AN IRISH GHOST STORY. A remarkable, case was heard lately in Dublin. ' Mr. .Waldron, a solicitor's 'clerk,- sued his next door neighbour, who ? is ; a ; mate in the merchant service named Kiernan, to recover .£500 damages for, injury done to his house by, as he alleged, the defendant; and; his family;:; Kiernan denied the charges, and asserted that Waldron's house was haunted, and that the acts complained of were done by ;spirits or some person in plaintiff's place. Evidence; for the plaintiff was to the effect that every night from August to January his hall-door was continually being knocked at, and his windows broken with stones which came from the direction of the defendant's- premises. Mrs. Waldron swore that one night she saw one of the : panes of glass in the window exit through with a diamond, and a white hand inserted through the hole so made in the. glass. She caught up a billhook and aimed '; a blow at the hand, cutting one of the fingers completely off. ;; the hand was then withdrawn, but on her examining the place she could 'find neither the finger nor any. traces of blood. On another occasion the servant, hearing mysterious knockings, i f ell down with fright, upsetting a pail of water over herself. Mr. Waldron armed himself with a rifle and. revolver, and brought a d«tective into the house, while several policemen watched ; outside. They, however, could find nothing.1 Kiernan's family - on being aecused of causing the noises, denied it, suggested it was the work of ghosts. A police-constable swore that one .evening he saw Waldron's servant kick the: door, with her heels at about the time the rapping usually commenced. Chief Jus tice Morris said, the affair suggested the perform ances of ; the Davenport Brothers or Maskelyne ^andCpoke^ It was quite inexplicable from tho ab'sence of motive, anct remained shrouded in tho mysterious uncertainty of theMah with tho Iron Mask, and the authorship of ?' Junius's Lettors.' Thejury found for the defendant. 1 ' Irish Soldiebs and England's Battles. — Irish soldiers are (says a; London paper), as Mr. Goschen observed at the banquet of the Associated Cham bers of Commerce, fighting shoulder to shouldor with theirSsotch and- English brothers. Tho Cdmmander-in-Chief ia an Irishman, aovon of the eleven 'officers killed at Abu Klea were Irishmen, Stewart was an Irishmen, Eyre and Coveny were Irishmen, Bbresford is ah Irishman, and now two /Tipperary men. are heading tho column that is being pushed on against . such tremendous diffi culties ,to Abou Hamed. And it ia not only by officers that ! the aister- kingdom ia represented. Ah Irish regiment won Lord Wolaeley'B prize for the ' yliorHiOst tiide on record 'up tho Nile. 