GRANVILLE. GBANVILL t CRICKET CLUB. On Friday evening Inst an entertainment wag given in the School of Arts by the Sao Amateur Dramatic Club (from Paddington) in aid of the fnnds of the Granville Cricket Club. The G.C.p. is the leading junior club of the place, and includes among its members scions of the principal residonts. Judge Docker is tho patron; Mr, John Nobbr (Mayor of Granville) is president; and Messrs. James Higgs, Harry Bicbardson, Augustus Neich, and H. C. Fowler are vice- presidents. The club was rewarded with a full house, which was select and orderly. The bill provided ior the amusement of those present was by no means an indifferent one—in fact, considering that the performers were amateurs the entertainment was a success, . Many of the songs in tbe first part were cleverly given. Mr. Barman, notwithstanding the effects of a severe cold, sang particularly well, although he smothered hie top notes. He possesses a beautiful tenor voice, which was of great Service in the choruses. Mr. Hall was encored for the manner in which he rendered a comic song. The whole of the choruses were fairly given—some parts excellently so. The accompanying music was supplied by a light band, and, although the piano now and attain lost tho other iustruments, the performers showed eome amount of ability. The following comprised the first part of the entertainment:—" Let your tears kiss the flowers on my grave," Mr. A. Holmes; "Dem golden slippers," Dave M'Beath; " Will you come to meet me, darling," Mr. J. A. Harman; " There's going to be a Fight," Arthur Wilson; " Only to Bee her face again," Mr. D. Hathaway; " Miss Brady's Pianoforty," George Hall; "Norino Msuveen," Mr. H. Watt " Out cn the tiles,"' Sid Charters. The finale was the old nigger scene Poor Old Jeff." Part 2 commenced with a pinaforte solo by Mr. W. Bainford, and Mr. D. Hathaway followed with the ballad " Stars of Heaven." Mr. G. Hull then gave some humorous character scenes, which amused the audience. After a Band-jig by Mr. A. Wilson, the farce "Ho has bought a penknife" was entered upon: Messrs. Holmes, M'Beath, Hall and Hathaway taking part. Mr. Fowler then gave a clog-dance, and the entertainment concluded with the farce " The Ghost in a pawnshop," which went very well. Messrs. Hall, M'Beath and Cubitt sustained tbe principal characters. 