A well Authenticated Glibst Stojpy and its Exposure. ;r Sin Edmund Hoenbv, lato Chief Judgo of tho Supreme Consular Court of China and Japan, who dotoribos himself n* ''a lawyer by education, family, nd tradition, wanting in imngiimtioii, and no beliovtt in' miracles,' has contributed She following record of a strnnirfl t?xnerionco to ]\fi»iwH. Gurnov ntA Myors, tiro authors of n paper in tho Nineteenth Century. Ho first narrates Jx-w it was his' habit at Shnnghai to nllow reporters to come to his liouso iir the evening to gcD his written judgment for r.'jst day's paper : — 'Thty_ g-oner^lly availed thomscVc* of tho opportunity, esprtsially' one reporter, who was tho editor* of- an evenings paper. I5y was a peouliar mnn; retiiont about himselfj- nnd I imagine had u history'.- In1 appearance' fee was also peculiar. ? I-only' know him as a reporter, and had no ether relations with him. iSli the day when the went occurred, in 1875 or MtfG, I went to my s^ijdy uu houf'or two after dinner, and \vToto oul'rhy judgment.- It was iien about hnlf-ptistr 11. I mug'- for tho butlbr, gave him tho eiiTilopo, and'tbld him to giveit to tho roporter -wlSj shonld oall for it. I wat* ?in bed before 12. Iam'avery light sleope^. jotmI my jvifo a very1 heavy enc' uideed, it if ?very difficult to rouse her out pf Her first sleop. Tbe bed (a Fronch c:te) faced the 'fireplace ; on ;the mantel-piece was* a clock, and tho gas in the- chandelier waa tvftned -dovrti,1 bs« only so low as to admit of m^ seeing -'the -time- at any ^tfind of the night, for, waking easilyiuwl fre quently, I often smokod a ciga^'tte beioro I ! went to sleep ivgain, and olwayE'db«i)eJ to know tho hanr. ' 1 5sid gone to sleep, Tirhen I was^swifemed I'.y heaTing :i tap tit tho s'l'sdy door, out tllink in-f it might tie tho butleir— looking t6 toe if tho fire were safe and the- gas turned oftt— I turned over with tho view bf getting to- ^eep again.. Before J. did so, I iaird a taji'ut i»y bedboom door, btill thinking it migi'.li'-be'flte butler, who might have so^yctliing tc-'Say^ I m\&\\. 'Come in.' Tho door opened, nnd;. Bo- my surprise; in walked Mb. ? . Ihat'ist}' and Miiil; ' 'Ebtt have mistaksn the docrj'. bit tho lutler f.us the judgment, va go nnd i'Mt 'it.-11- In.ste:id of leaving' the room, he camo *O'tlk'? footeaije of the bed. Isaidf'Mrl ? ,-yo«' forget' yourr.effi! Haie tho giodness to -walk; out di-sectlv. Tlria is lather na abuso ol'Say* favour'' He- looked deadly jale, but- iVns* jdressecS in- hi»utiual dress, nnd! was certaisity ? quite saber; and- said, 'I know I am auilt-rfwE* i an umMitranfcaole intrusion, bu« finding tirat' | you wero not) in your study I hu^t ventured'tO' csmc bare..' I was losing my temper but ;somethi- syi-iu-t?.e- man's manner cfeinelined AS'' I to- jump out of-' iJed to eject him iy force. .To- j I i«iid simply, 'This- is- too bad, rsully ; prry1 ilesve the- :oom- a* once. r Instead of doing s's' jh'eput ono-hand on the- fbotrail, nnd gently, af if ia pain^ sat down on the foot of the bed. I ? glanced a* tho-o2?.cfc and sow that ft was about' jtwonty minutes jjnsfc one. I said, ' Tlie butler jKas-liad tla-jiidgment since- half -past eleven; Igoandget' it.' He eiiid, 'Pray forgive me; ;ii'yoa-kne\T all: the- circum-iances you would. Timc-nrosses-. PiaAr irive-me- n »rs«*jrof vour judgment, mdll -will take a mote iaroy book of ?ii;'' din winy: his reporter'* book oat of £is ?bVoasirpocketr. I sudd, ' I -will do aotliing of the k'iadl Gb'db\v» stairs,. Shd the lutler, and .don't- disturb- me--you w3§ wake- my wife ; otherwise I siiall 'have to juit you oat.' He sUghtly moved his- hand. I said, ''Wlio'let you'ih:?' He- answered, '-jSo-oneT ' Codi loimd it,vrsaidl ''Whatthe-iovil do you mean? Ate yau:drnnk-.-?' He replied' quietly, 'No, and never shell be- again;: but I pray your lordsliijvjrive mo- your decision', for my time is sEort.' I said;. ''You don'(r3eems to care about /??#-time,. and' iiiis is the last time I will ever allow a reporter in my houss;'' He stopped m» short, saying, ' This is th'olast time I shall ever see you anvwhere.' :'Well, fearrul that this- oommotion might arouse and frighten my wife; I- shortly gave hinrthe gist of ray judgment in as few words as. I uoidd.. Ha- seemed to -be taking it down iu shorthand ; it might httvs -taken him two or three minutes. When I 3hished, he rose, thanked', aie for excusing his intrusion and for the-consfderatfor; I had always-shown hini and his -*.ollea2ueS) opened the door and went away, I looked! ;it the clock ; it was- on. tho stroke of half-past 1.' ., ? ? Eady Hornby now awokc,-.thinkihg- she had heard talking; and her husband told her what had. happened, and repeated! the- account when, dressing next morning. ' ' ! went to- the court a little -before- 1 0. Tho usffer came into- my room' to robe- me, when ho enVt} ' A sad thing happciitdi lost night, sir. Poor — '— was found dead! in- his- room.' I said;. 'Bless nvysoul! doatvmo-!! what did he did.- of ;' and vrhen :' 'Well; .sir,, it appears ho went up.ro his room as usual- ab 10» to work at his- papers. His wife weat-up'iUtout 12 to ask hifniwlitiL he- would be ready.f or-bed- Ho said, I have only the- Judge's judgment to get ready, and then I have- finished..'' As he-did; not come fhe-wenfcup again, aboutm -quarter to 1, to his room. and peeped in, and tliought she saw him ?writingr; but she did nob disturb- him. At half -pust 1' -she again \v3Kt- to ,aim. and spoke to him, at the door. As he did: not amswer, sho thought he- had fallen asleep, so -she went up to rouse- hint. To her horror:lis- was dead. On the ilbor was his noie-booij. wn&b; I have brought. away. Sho sent foo-the- doctor, who arrivad alittlsafter 2; and said' hn-had been. dead', he concluded, about ani Hoia?. I looked, 'at tae-nqie-book. Tlitro wna. tile- usual head-; jngsr— \- ' '-In: the Supremo Court? bofene- the Chieiri JkidgOi .argw, ? ! ''-The- Chief Judge- gave- jmfgment Wit 'morning iii this case to- tli*- following effect ' — andi thei followed uiiesv linos of iiuleciphoraKe . !u2ortKaadL I sent io the m&jnstzate-; who would aot as coroner, auiT;deBirtd,hiini to examine Jft. ! ? '» -wife and son-anhi, as to- whether 32b; i '? ? ijid left his-home svcobM. possibly have 'loft it without their kaowledice, botweea 11 and I on the previous n%llfe. The result c?th» ihqiKBt showed he died of' some form of iftsarb disease, and hail not und! oould sot hava left the- hooje without, tho- knowledge of at . leasf. ! hia wife, if notiof,hi&: sonvaats. Not wifcihing,, !to air my ' spiiitual.!ejmorie«ce' for tho ieneiit of the Press or the, public I kept tho matter. nl- the time to rajyielfi- only mentioning ill to my riisno judge and ona or two friends; tot.whtta, got home to tiffin E asked my wife U- toll tjib as nearly os^he could reaieniber what . I had. said to her during Silo-nigkt, nnd I madq^ibrjof note of her replies and; of the facts.' ' (Lady Hornby llus iindly- coni£rmod: tile above f act j to us, as far as she wfja fognuanb of them.) 'As Ijsaid iiljen,. f o I say no'.r— I fw(^j.not asleep, bat wido awake. After a la.psc oir'nino years my memory is nuito clear 0:1 thq suj^Cct. I have aot tho Isast doubt I saw Qua man — have, not the least doubt that tlie oon/orsatioa took place between , us. ' I may add that I had oxamiaodtho kntlbr-ifen the learning— who had given a»q back tho MS;, in tbe envelope when I went ti* tho cMiri af k«p brei'.fefast — ae.to whether hj-.hi(d: locked tie doojia3 usuali and if anyone aould'have gotia. Ho said thit-he had dono e-uerytiiny a&usuiS; ; adiSng that- no ono couldV havo, get in eve» if ho- had net locktd tho doer, aa tiorowasno handle o»iteido — which tliere was- not. I ex amined Ulocoolies and otjker servants,, vi&n; all said they,openod the door as usuallthat morn ing— twnod tho key and.mulid the chuiiw, and :I' navo- 110. doubt they spoko thotouth. The servarjis'' apartments were sepoeated trom tho tbonse, but communicatad with lt.by a gallery at 'tho back, some distance from tha-ontiancc hall. ;The reporter's residenoe was about a Hiflo and a qnoitor from where I lived, aud) hii» infirmities proientcd him from walking any distanco ox cojb slowly ; in fact, ho almositinvariably drove. — jSWniND HonNBY;.'' The SJiatiyfiai liourier iKus demolishes Sir Edmund's graphic aecouat of his ghostly ad venture: — 'Sir Evbuund Hornby has suo-v oeeded in playing an amusing- joko on tho. Psychical Society in the oxcellcnt ghost sto^)-' whioh is published in tho Nineteenth Century,.; and it is still more amusing that wo leave, already heard pooplo hero say that thoy reraoiu, bcr Sir l^lmund'n t(Jlln^ them the story years ajro. ' Tho story is that Mr. Lang, the ionnor editor and proprietor of this jourwl (Sir Edmund does not give the name, but, ihere ia no doubt about it), camo up into. Sir Ed mund's bedroom hi (jho middle of Iho night, mado Sir Edmund give him the hoods of a judgmont -which ho was ab«ut to deliver, and treat away at l»lf .najt 1 in th« morning, when, * *-i ?? i: Tornby woke up, and Sir Edmund told ™?-. hadboourred. When Sir Edmund . nor.-waos : oour(. iu &a; morning, he we« .told that ,Mv bougwero found some iudc ?1 1.1 ^ 4 ^d notes, presumably ropro cplverablo ehwrfMj. , tolfen' ,|own whil^ si&Bg; sontmg wlmt h&'lkiu Hero is a firgt-dasB on Sir Edmund-V Hfe*. ^ Nineteenth Century ghost, vouched foit. Ji* v lato Chief judff0 o*f assure» Jts readers-, $gl\\)*. . aud Japan, who tho bupTerno Court- o« Chilis. r by education, describes himself us- ''?a'lWjUN --nagination ' tanuly, and tradition, -rfantins? -. .°Kross in- ' —(hero Sir Ednmiid dbe»-nlmse3L*\ » jfc is .{iistice) — ' aud no boliover'ih miraolte. ? 8tory. . n-lmost orucl So dostroy euoU'a beairtiffiv* ,\ gQ Antlientic gljost stories aro' eo- riir%;. a*. .r, prmous when imtlienticated as-this'ono'jnx portyto be, tlytt'arily the steni'regard-for'triitfc, which is the immutablo guido af the' Sklttiplon' Conner, could inrlucc us to destroy this'ploos1'. ing fietion. But we must be eager to gliatd1 the reputation of -Xr. Lang, a *nim far' too' well educated uucJ well ninuner-d to aHiHw' '? ,. oven lib ghost to' go into a gfentleMon-V bedroom-wheu his vr&s; was by his side, how'-'' over important it nmjht bo to hinvJo got ther uuivs 01 a T*iu^incmi wiuc' 11c couiu i«o* iuijuuu to uso until1 tho followfcjf evening. Afarl how a plnin talc 'must put Sfr Edmund dowi. t Mr. Lung died suddenly a-out 9 o'clook* in the ' morning of the 19th January, 1875, having-' been in his office for nearly an horn- arranging : I tho business t^fthe day. SirlEdmnnd Hew»%y did not dolivcT'an-T judgment either that oi- tbo following weeij sc that MK ]L«ng- couldi noff Rare been an:(ou.- about getting tbe notes- of! wrratdid not ex-isti 'But,'sEys tho JUbtC-' Sienth Century, ''Lady Horntjj'hoa kindly con-' firmed tho aboTTi- fswts to us as-far as she ?was* cognisant of thsmi' It is not an unusual. tlunav wo believc.'.-for tho godi^ tot« asked ' tir ar.nihi3ate both time aud apac.ie to make--- twO' loiers happj^; ' and in this-' case they/ iin:nfc havo been linked succesi^&Uy;, becaufio ' ^hil!- ghMt-walkiiiirj. if it occ-.-rroiJ at aH, ? occaiwed on tho lot* Januaiy} 1*75, and Sir Eilround w;v* aot marriad^ to his IJresjnt wMo until Sue 29th Ajiril of- the samo yoai','havi»g been .ftviAowcr for 1* least two yean^irovwisly. At .'jurious point in- tfte story is th* xhv ghost wntrte jhorthanA-while Mr. Lang-did' nit. ; but j.M'haps ghosts may master phonogriplsy more' caciiy than moriiUsi- After : all we do- xiih do so ra*iob unkindncsH- icpub lishiujf-' these- iicts, 'b^oirase to ar.«one who beh'evi'C-ghoa-i stories, -.'Sese-plrysical 'liffieiolties only erit»nce-t5iB- preou)OTn«s3 of the narxati ve; ibut it iij-not ijjiite- wafe to- priblish a gbfeat story when lile nllcged! facts oau1 be contra'Moted by inotices of: dentaBj nmrrihg-flij. and other.- jjidg 'ments h'« noTvepajietr filei.' 