VICTORIA RACING CLUB I SPRING MEETING. DERBY DAY. The spring meeting of the Victoria Racing Club opens to day, and from present appear | races promises to be the most successful on record in every way The entries for the minor weight for age races and handicaps were very numerous at the outset, and strong fields are thus assured on all four days. Fine weather is now all that is required to make the claim is one to be remembered in the history of Australian racing the train arrangements are, as usual, a guard for the requirements of a large and [ continuous traffic, Specials leave Spencer ! Meet to day at frequent intervals from 10 JO a m till 2 p in and then at 2 15, 2.10, - W and open Return trains commence to run in mediately after the Derby is decided 'the fares, with i r without admission to the grand stand, are the same as heretofore In order to avoid crushing at Spencer street, booking offices for the sale of railway and rate tickets will be opened at the General Post Office, Flinders street railway station, and at Messrs 'Thomas Cook and Son's office, the Exchange, Collins street 'There will be the customary omnibus service from Bourke street In order to conduce to the comfort of those who drive down to the course, the road will be thoroughly watered from the General Post office to the lawn Luncheon hampers lett at M Culloeh's, Collins street, before 12 o'clock, will be conveyed to the lawn, and afterwards delivered in the suburbs, it required In addition to the Australian Military Band, under the direction of Signor Zelman, which will perform a selection of music during the afternoon on the la Rue of the grand stand enclosure, the Imperial Brass Hand has been engaged for the hill His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch have notified their intention of being present. The programme opens at 1 o'clock with the Melbourne Stakes Although there is no Commotion or Malua to excite interest this year in the weight-for-age event, still the lu 1d has in its ranks an element of interest, with such horses as Tom Brown, Prometheus, Liverpool, Trenton, Ringmaster, and Mozart amongst the contestants. The Hotham Handicap will bring out a large field of horses, and at five minutes to 5 is present veil to notice the experiment of a weight I for age hurdle race 'The entries were not very numerous at the commencement, but still The Agent, Duration, Ravensworth, Royal Maid, Agitation, Gasalier, and Insolvent ought to provide M interesting race, the finish of which looks like being fought out between The Agent and Duration Between the Maribyrnong Plate and the I Derby 13 the Selling Race, and with about a store of horses to go to the post for the Coburg Stakes at a quarter to 9 a big afternoon's rating will be disposed of the Maribyrnong Plate field this year will not present nearly the ordinary strength yesterday on charges accepted, and it is possible that one or two will drop out before the bell rings On but two occasions have there been so few starters, viz, in the first and second years of the race, in 1871 and 1872, when four and twelve respectively were weighed out for the event. The presence of Acme, whose brilliant performances at the Australian Jockey Club meeting, and at Caulfield, naturally made her a warm favourite from the opening of the betting on the great two-year-old rate, seems to point to the improbability of a comparative out suffer like Newstead again cropping up. The formidable New South Wales stable has another candidate in 'Tamarisk, who takes the place vacated by Philip Augustus, a colt that had been freely backed by the general public but who failed satisfactorily to answer the question put to him on the train ing ground last Thursday hence his non acceptance With Acme, Damocles, Blair I gowrie, Halcyon, Trojan, 'The Gun, License Let to, and M iddehna amongst other st liners, it is a somewhat hazardous matter guessing further than that the lot named will provide a most interesting finish, and possibly to me it will take Verne all her time to defeat The Nun, Louise Berta, and Blairgowrie Like the Maribyrnong Plate, the twenty seventh Victoria Derby held will be of star all dimensions Possibly there will be one starter less than the year before last, when Martini Henry bedad Ins remarkably brilliant career yesterday it was rumoured that the Caulfield Guineas winner, Ringmaster, was an improbable starter, and his position in the betting on Thursday night gave colour to the possibility. Nothing authoritative could be gleaned on the subject last even mT Amongst the 14 acceptors j yesterday) morning were five not one of which will be seen on the course for the reason that four of them are in Sydney and the other not in training there will therefore be nine starters should 1 ringmaster be sent to the post and it is safe to say that each one has a chance of being returned the winner All, too with a single exception (Winchester) possess excellent winning credentials. my, master was in the pink of condition when he won the Caulfield Guineas and then Dunlop finished second but it has since been claimed that the South Australian bred colt was far from his proper form whereas now he is everything that could be desired. There is still a division of the sporting world how ever who question the colts ability to accomplish the increased distance of a mile and a half Kennis ought to do well judging by the records he has made on the tram mg trick and the success of the Pytchley Lodge colt would be hailed with delight by the ring We are now come to Not lenders the favourite whose splendid form at Randwick last month in winning over one of the races he started for naturally landed him at once into the front rank of the betting, V "lance at the b tting below will show that NTor defeats victory is considered certain by a large section of the public H.itherto he has given the impression that he is a horse that requires an immense amount of during an I if it comes to a close finish it is quite probable the calculations of his admirers will be upset an there is nothing more likely to effect the downfall of the favourite than Thunderbolt also by Miss et who won each of the five races he upp aged in in New Zealand Uralla moreover, bearing the colours of the same owner has more than once spoiled a presumable certain) and it might not be altogether a surprise to see the hill) again land at the eastern front of her stable companion The daughter of ( cluster like Not lender has done every thing that has been required other in work at It mission and with the rising jockey (1 His) in the sand He maybe expected to be found in the front rank when they pass the post First f hester will run well and South Australia has a great prospect of securing- the rib md with IsonoiU) The following is the programme and order of running, - XIEIIIO-U-VF ST VI 83. To start at 3 o'clock Of sons each with 100 called second horse to receive bo sons out of the stake Weight for age One mile and a quarter st lb Mr X1 Lou 1 has I r li SI ect Anchor aged I 4 Vlr C I Brackenreg's 1 r li Tom Brown 6 yrs 0 1 Vlr VI live ants bril Bosworth oted 0 4 Vlr I Whltlri!.hnni8l oh I Prometheus Oyrs 11 4 Mr 1 1 Euro lab li Welcome Jack 6yrs II 4 Vlr L. Watson s h li Sanlhls Sirs 0 4 Hot W A LotH, s from Ir o Hercules 4 yrs n of Mr A F Bradshaw's b c Ellon) 4 v as DO Vlr VV IictdnborbrcVIotait 4yrs H O hon W Robinson's also liverpool 4 yrs 0 0 Mr D O Brien s b o Trenton 4 v rs DO Mr R O Talbot oh it Blink Bonny), aged 8-13 Vlr li U Tothill s of Gratitude 4 yrs 8.0 -Ir 1 Al Wilson s (Jun ) b or be- Ringmaster 3 One mile and a half and a distance state Mr J W Wilson's (Jun ) u or br h Off Colour, G V." Vlr A Hall him. 11 r o Aeo!) to 4 i r Mr J D hot cross i s I r h Coriolanus aged 5 6 Vic I) S W after a I li CH Inkster aged 8 a Vic 1! Houses (l l ) ch h War, Svis 8 - Vlr J Crozier C o n is of by li 1 lia Israelite a ed 13 Vii CUT IHrtsbrhSt loin or 710 Mr M Loughlin isl c MiltUlirr aged 0 Vlr M lacobkS his hilltop li in 7 8 Mr S G Cook's b h Al elec) tors 7 0 Hon W A Long s h e Co not need 7 1 Mr H Oxcnlansbf Cerf and Blue 6yrs 7 H Mr T Jones's br h Doncaster, aged 7 3 lion VI 1 carson sic branches 4 i rs 73 Sir S G Cook's b or br ( Marie Louise 4 yrs 2 Sir I O Talbot I r of his paper 5 4 yrs 7 9 Sir I whim Phillis b h Wrentmore bjn b 10 Captain Haimes s 11 f La t to 4 ) rs ft 10 Mr O S Harris s b or br li Signor 5 yrs 0 10 Mr H I Uo ler's bail Minerva Gjr Mr "- ' . ' P. - Vlr level 0 a..'. n o J Kelly's b g, Good . jrs U 0 winner ion vol HURLE nee To start at five minutes to 3 OI5S018 each with "200 added 1 About t he miles still Vlr CUT Bartsch The Agent aged 1" a Vii- A F Bradshaw's be Motion said 11 1. Her W I camon s b in --salier (1 > recall Mr J Cohen soil in Royal Maid aged 11 li Vlr & II r Hart's bra Apitatio i dated 11 11 Mr I Cripps's b h Duration 5 yrs 105 Mr L Ware s h ft Insolvent 5yrs is Sir A r Sulllvaiisbrirlla_.nl 5 yrs li 7 Mr M Case) s br c -by Mountain 4yrs 10 1. Vlr J Shares b c 1 a\en6vvortii Airs 10 1. MARIBYRNONG LATE To start at 20 minutes to 4 Of SO son. each with .OOtovs. added for two-year-olds second to receive effort and third line) sons Five furlongs. H Butters and Jockeys Captain Haimes's br c Describe, by Ambassador Euchre 8st. 10lb (Ivery) W Hine white sleeves black cap Hon W Pearson s bro Dividend, by Bolton Green -from I rou 8st. 10lb of Power) Black white sash, white ca) SirM" J Clarke s bro- Damocles, by Cang.orward -Queen of Nat les 8st, 10lb (Half filled) White red sleeves red cap . Mr B Gray a bro Retort, by First King-Ropartce, but 10lb Maroon and cold Mr F Cooper's ch c Blairgowrie, by Vespasian -Atholine Sar 10lb (Robertson) Orange and white has. a white cap Mr D Cooper's ch c Chesham by Grand Flaneur Lady Chester 8st. 10lb (kelso) Oval the and of its books and white cap Mr W Forrester's b c Ilalcion, by Li Igranl Via but. 10lb (Courts) Crimson white sleeves and cap Mr J li Hills he Telephone, by Englishman Catspaw, but 10lb (Collin) White, I lick tap Mes r S and A. Crozier t br c Trojan, April del Late Maid of Troy but 10lb (l> O Brien) Pluo canary sleeves id fast black cap Mr D) S Wallace's b Essie's St. Albans Star light but. the Ulai! whites ves scarlet cap Mr P Hämisch f Devotion, by Goldsbrough 1 Cllevolenee Sst. rib Chocolate light blue sash in d crop Mr J H Robertson's by The Mail by First King. VU- rising, bat. Ab (Mook) VV bite, and red cross. Mr L L Smith sur orbit Louisa Berta by Darri nell Metro St. Ib (SR O Brien) Rose green sleeves tartan cap Hon J W itself TuuaiUI by ehester-Guelder Rose 8st 5lb (Ellis) Ring white sleeves sleeve Hon J late s br t Acme, by chester Princess Maud 8st, lb (Hales) Blue undersleeves blue and white cap Mr T Watson's ch f Madeline by :<ccUr.igat Me., Merrilies Sat As (we enter) All white Doubtful state tors. I SI ALLEN , "Alt, Of 3 sons each with 1 50 added Weight for ago. The winner to be sold for -150 Seton f furlongs st. lb Mr J Tully sell h Allander (-2.0) G yrs 7.10 Mr A Jaques s b li Mistake (nil) 0 as 7.10 Mr T Colter s br h Fernlea (all) 6 in 7.10 Mr J Crozier jun s b g Bishop (nil), J } rs 7 7 Mr J D) Robertson's b g Stafford (nil) 6yrs 7 7 Mr J Wilson jun b c The Bey (nil), 4 } rs 7 7 Mr 1 Joiesslrcllohcmian (all) 4.5 in 77 Mr 1 Colac s br, g Scaramouche (and) aged 7 7 Mr W J C el e a c g Phantom (nil) aged 7 7 Mr A Robertson s she Antonio (tlOO) J yrs 7 li Mr S Day in s bran Mrs Farley (nil) 5 yrs 7 6 Mr W Ballot s ch m V Crago (nil) 6 yrs 7 5 Mr V. Kelso s ch m W anda (nil) 6 v in 7 li Mr J A Lane's br m little (nil) 6yrs 7 1 MrS Mahon s b g Stoncbroko (nil) i v rs 7 4 Mr J D Robertson a br g Sorcerer (all) 4-5 rs 7 4 Mr I tioulshamsbl c -ho Chanter (nil) 4 y rs 7 4 Mr T Coffey s 4 1 Let us tail) 4 yrs 7 2 Mr O S Harris's ch f Anarchy (111) yrs 7 2 Mr L. Maloney b All Black (2100) era 7 1 Mr J Harper's of St. O Hill (to) Svrf OF Mr W Islands b c Egbert (nil) 6yrs E U Mr T Jones's di o Solo (nil), Miss U 0 Mr J WaincschoAlbaiiua.nll) 5yrs 3 3 Mr T Lamond 2 ch c Ftaaoii (nil). I was I. 0 Mr S G Cook's b g Milkman (nil), St, ran J Hon W 1 carson 11 b g Sparkle (nil) S y re 0 -> Mr t Weeks of First Pop (all) Mrs by VICTORIA DERBY, To start at five minutes past 5 Of 25 save. each with (15 sets added 500 sons and all the sweepstakes for the first horse 100 Sovs for the second and 50 Sovs for the third For three year olds One mile and a half Probable Starters and Jockey Mr F Wilken a bro- Ringmaster, by First King Yardley 8st 10lb (Moore) Brown white cap Mr A R Robertson s b c Dunlop, by Neckersgat Etta Sac 10lb (Robertson) Red white sleeves red cap Mr S G Cook's ch Remus by Gang Forward Romula 8st. 10lb (Sanders) Maroon maroon and salt or cap Hon J White's br c Nordenfeldt, by Musket Onyx 8st 10lb (Hales) Blue white sleeves and cap Mr W Kelso's br c First Chester, by Chester Marie Stuart "st 10lb (hobo) Cerise black sleeves an I cap Mr M Locke's b 0 Isonomy by W lnterlakc-Ruby, 8st. lb Murray) Cold and black star) on lion W Robinson s bro Wiueheiter (late Man chester) 16 bt Ceorgo-Ml«* Hut 8st 10lb (Power) White black and gold sash red cap Mr T Marshall's br c Thunderbolt by Musket Loch st 8st. 10lb (Derritt) White black and (gold sash black cap Hon J White a b or br f L Falls by Chester- Moon stone st 5lb (Ellis) Blue white sleeves blue and white cap COBURG STAKES, Of a sovs each with 200 added Second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stake st, lb Mr M Loughlin a br h Sheet Anchor aged 3 12 Messrs W and A Crozier's br g Lantern, U v ra 8 11 Sir D S W allocc 8 b li Chuckster aged 8 11 Mr J D Robertson s b g Stafford Eyre b 10 Mr J T. Reid s eli k The Ghost aged b 10 Mr J Warcachh Irallec 3yrs 3 3 Mr A. Robertson a oh h DiikUattcraicl 5yrs 3 3 Mr J Crozier Jun s b or br It The Israelite, aLCil 8 8 Mr G Dare is a b m Catherine aged 8.0 Mr R Rouse jun ach li Wing Eyre 8 5 Mr V It Hall's clio Lord Exeter 4yrs 8 2 Mr D li UobetUon s bill Anchorite Girls 8 2 Mr A H T Hart's br h St, John, I ra S 0 Mr I Mayoral 0 Ravensworth 4yrs 7-12 Mr W A Jilgatosbrc Lavington 4 and 7 II Mr J VV1 ittiughaniscli oMcrtimu 4yrs 7 0 Mr CHT Hart s b o Jocular 4yrs 78 Mr S G Cook's b or br f Mario Le -Rae 4 } ra 7 7 Mr O S Harris s b or br h Sign, 5 yrs 7 7 Mr T -Coffey 3 br is 1 crates 6 ) ra 7 7 Hon J W Into s ch f Tempe 4 was 7 7 Mr H Oxenham s b f Cerise and Blue 4 yrs 7 7 Mr 1 Watson's b fJuanua 3yrs 7 6 Mr T Jones's br Bohemian, 4 y ra 7 6 Mr R O Talbot s bliWai erley, 0 5 to 7 S Mr H Whittingham s bar Mentmore 5yrs 7 4 Mr U I Bowlers b m Minerva yrs 7 3 Mr N Wilson's b c Recall Jjra 7 8 Mr S Davis's bran Lesbia Over 7 2 Mr J D Roi ertson s be Merriman aged 7 2 Captain Hames s br f Lantern 4yrs 7 6 Mr J Wilson jun. a son in Lucky Hit 6 yrs 6 12 Mr R Q TatbotsbrtUolit J yrs Oil Mr CHT Hart bm Agitation aged 0 11 Mr T Coffey 2 he HoneyComb, 3yrs 0 11 Mr T Sampson shroIaio3}rs 04 Mr CHT Hart s gr 0 Islander, 1}M U 4 Mr M Briand I re Real Jam 4yrs 0 0 Mr T Lamond s ch c 1 linen, 1 3 ra 0 0 1911 W Pearson s b f Parody, 3 in 0 0 Mr S Gardiner's br t Buitreas, 3 yrs 0 U LAb'l NIGHI'SBLITING For the eve of the Derby, the Victorian rooms, though crowded to suffocation, presented a very animated appearance as regards betting. Up to closing time little has been done on either the Maribyrnong Plate, the Derby, or Cup, and it was the general opinion that there never had been so little wagering on the important events of to day For the two year old race the most money went on The Nun, who, after being backed at 10 to J was quoted at 6 to 4 Blairgowrie was also well supported, and 1 000 to He was booked about ssie Nordenfelt saw a shorter price, and it is possible will start at evens for the Derby 'Thunderbolt was firm at 6 to 1, and no more than 4 to 1 could be had about Dunlop There was very little done on the Cup The follow ing are the quotations - MAUIBV BNONO I I VTE. 10s to SO agst Acme (tk and wd) TI- Blairgowrie (wd) T- Louise Berta (to an 1 off) 7 - The Nun (tin and add 10- Trojan (tk) 100- 7-lelephom (wd) 100- Madda has (wd) 20- 1-lssio(tl) .0-1-Tamarisk (oil) Vice HE BUT Oto 4agstNonlciifult(tlcaiifoff) 44 Dunlop (off I Ii- 1 thunderbolt (tk and wd) 7 - Isonomy (off) 10- 12th day (of) U - 1-1 Inst Chester (oil) 100- fattening (off) 0 - Ringmaster (off) JO - 119 inches (off) MELBOURNE- CUP 10 to 1 agst Nordenfelt (t 0 10 - 1 Liverpool (off) 100 - Despot (off) 100 - 7-Trenton (off) 100 - (Kit Nubbles (off) 20 - Brown and Rose (tk and off) the - Cerise and Blue (on and off) 20 - Metal (on and off) JO - Arsenal (oil) 20 - Stormed at (oft) 20 - Shoot Anchor (off) 2.. - 14 ord exonerate) 21 - St, John (off) 21 - Acolyte (off) of - Britisher (oft) 13 - 1 Prometheus (off) a - Honeydew (off) 53 -1-5sec Darling (off) 11 - Thunderbolt (off) JJ - Grace Darling (oats) 3s - Coriolanus (off) 13 - Tom Brown (off) 33 - Dunlop (off) 60 Hilltop (off) fiO - Blink Bonny (off) 100 - 12 velocipede (tk) 100 - Lord W Ilton (oil) 