" SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST-" A CURIOUS RELIGIOUS THEORY. On Sunday afternoon Professor H. Drummond of Glasgow Free College fle« | livered to a large and fashionable meeting at Grosvenor House, London, an address on "Natural Selection in Beference to Christianity." He explained that last Sunday the subject be took was " Evolu tion and Christianity,*' in which be en deavoured to show that, far from being incompatible with religion, evolution was yeally the complement of Christianity j that Christianity was the further evolu tion, the carrying on of the process to wards a still further and nobler develop ment. He now took a somewhat similar theme-natural selection, or, as Mr Her bert Spencer translated it very aptly, the survival of the fittest. Tbey were often told that, so far from religion being a question of the survival of the fittest, it was the very opposite; that nature and religion have parted company ; that while in nature the race was to the swiftand the weak went to the wall, in reiigiwn the weak and heavy laden were helped, and the bruised reed was not biaken. Yet, he thought the same law held for both that in either case the fit and the fit only, survived, illustrating the meaning of the terra " survival of the fittest" hy the ease of the tadpole, wliieh when the pond dries, and myriads of other organisms die, yet survives and develops into another crea ture. because it is surrounded with a myterious apparatus which enables it to effect that transformation und<>r different vital conditions. Professor Drummond said that when they catne to religion they found exactly the same state of matters. Tbey fou«d the world passing away, not only in the words of the Bible, but in the words of science. They were now told by physicists that tho mysterious thing called etheral friction was causing tbe earth to slow as it coursed around the sun; that tbe orbit was getting smaller and smaller; that one day the centripetal would overcome the centrifugal motion ; and that this terrestrial ball, with all its inhabitants, would dash into the sun and be ground into millions of incandescent pieces. Then the elements should be dis solved with fervent heat. Then the fit test would survive. If in anticipation of this change ono here and one there had developed a special apparatus for living in another element there would be survi ving. If in none that apparatus had been developed, the end of the world would be the end of Hfe--the goal of evolution. They were not going to live to be witnesses of the great catastrophe, but in tbeir own lives there would be a catastrophe for all practica.1 pur poses the same. At the dissolution of their bodies the ball in which they lived would, for them, cease to be, and those who had here in their being somewhere an apparatus for living in an unseen en vironment would saryive because thay were fit and not because they were worthy, of eternal life. The fittest survivog meant, not the worthiest, but the adapted surviv ing-those who in virtue of having this development were elegible for a further aud continued existence. They were told by many that all men at last would have eternal life, that God was good, and that it was out of the question to conceive that any should not surviye. He knew noth ing about the survival or non-survival of those who had not this special apparatus developing, but they had little reason to believe that if a man had not developed in him the faculties for communicating with the spiritual world he would have that kind of life, at least, whatever bis immor tality might be. " He that hath not the Son hath not life." God bad invited every man and woman to come to Him that they might hare life, and if they resisted that invitation they could not fall , back upon generalities about God's good ness. And instead of its being more likely for a man to get these faculties after death, he was afraid it looked as 1 if the chance diminished with every year of life. They were told by many tdat the future was so vague that they should just , take their chance. There was no such thing as chance. It was a question of the survival of tho fittest, and unless a man ! was fit he was without the ghost of a ] chance. This was not an arbitrary enact- ! ment on God's part-it was not a question of favouritism, as if some were selected and some ignored. It was a question of natural law. It was a natural selection, not a divine selection-a selection of those who had become fit, done by nature, not by God. As to what constituted fitness, in the first place they were told in the Bible that without liclinnss no man shall see tbe Lord. A man who had not the the spiritual apparatus was an incomplete man-he was not holy, and to see the spiritual world a man must be holy. They were also told in the Bible that " If a man loves the world the love of the Father is not m him.'' The Bible did not soy that it was a sin to love the world, but it was a loss. The man who loved the world was by that incapacitated from loving God. It was a question of taste, and re ligion was the education of taste in that particular. The Christian was not to go out of the world, but he was not to love it not to b~eatbe it. Did tbe Christian like to stay in tbe world ? No, he would like to depart and be with Christ; but there is more work for him to de, souls to be saved, and when theapparatus and soul for the bet ter world was complete, when the last pearl was gathered, *' Come up higher " would summon him away. Again, they were told," If any man have not the spirit of Christ he is none of His." Only those who were fit for that society could live in it-only those who were unworldly. A man, to get into heaven, which was simply a select society, must have the family in terest at heart. He must be en rapport with tbe other members of the family. There must be no incompatibility between them. These three things constituted fit ness, and it was impossible to survive without tbem. Could they tell whether they were fit to survive or not? Must, they wait until the Judgment-Pay, or was there to be a Judgment-Day at all? He did not think there would be any barf or any trumpet, or the machinery of a human court. Tbese would be unnecessary, be cause a man would know whether he was St to live In that world the moment be was brought into contact with it. The mo ment a man submitted bis soul to God's friends he would see at a glance instinc tively whether he was fit to live in that company or not. The moment he catne into contact with Christ there was the judgment. Those he wag addressing could know at that moment whether tbey were fit to survive' it was not religious ness or good works that constituted fitness It was the possession of the mind of Christ, boliuess, iraworldliness. They who had these would survive-that was eternal life. It was a beautiful life, it was the life they «?puJd like to have eternal, the only life w<?rth b?igg eternal. They would see at once that ttye l$w of natural sel.eption was a law which wotyljl keep heave® pure. Jts object lyas to produce gtrjess, not to keep some oijt, bt*t to make clearer that those who gop w should be worthy of it, should he pure, heaygply minded, and unworldly. All men could be eligible if tbey would get into the en vironment suitable to the development of this fttpess. To do that they must, in the firstplacp, tjifrn their backs upon the old -environment, upoq tfyp world; and, secondly, they most Hve it* the npw en vironment, or, in Scriptural language, *' Abide in Christ." A brief prayer followed the Address. 