BViNINOS AVD M0RNINQ3 IN THE BUSH. BT" PKDTETHB." {The peculiarities of conversion In a railitiy cfcrtUge— 1 The red hot annexer of New Gtiinea continues his discourse—The London Missionary Society would annex the Papuans' souls, atod the Queensland plfeteri their bodies to labour in the sun •i-The bravtty of abusing Lord Derby— War -With PHnoe Bismarck, ind with all oreatlon, sooner than let New Guinea go— The chances of that war—A bush bishop— The bishop explains the meaning; of the Protestant bishop's oftll on the Roman Oathollo Archbishop—The union of >11 Christians, including " Romanists" and tTnlt'drtftoB.] 00OTSESATK)» ia a railway carriage, speed* tag along at the rate of 30 miles an hour, is necessarily carried on under difficulties which interfere with the completeness of the dialogue, as well as with the satisfaction of the oolloqnists. Y<ni may oommenoe, but not conclude a disoussion in a railway carriage. Your responding fts-ri-m may reach his station before you hare half refuted his argument; and he leaves you with a polite smile and bow, whioh makes you feel that, he regards you ss a vanquished or a bsflled foeftan, and that he goes off your victor. The entrance as well as the departure of a passenger may so disturb or divert the flow of a conversation that it cannot be recalled to the point, at fsstte, and you must be oontent to leave your fellow-travellers with such impressions of your loglo and eloquence as half-finished exposition will be sure to impart. Then, again, in evrry oase you have to elevate your voice to a pitoh that shall be hpard & Wo the voice of the whole headlong braes and tron-toopued train car; speak in twribly loud a«d many osdenoed accents of clank atod clatter, end mer and rim'bin, scre'at* hprriSoners, w«n ing every living thing that loveR it" own bones nnd body to keep woll out of its way. You have this.voioe of tbe train to ti»lfc against, and to do this suoressfully you must, lift up your voire to an altitude which requires a muscular effort that threatens a epitopes of yoar whole laryngal apparatus. And then* as you grow warm lb B railway disputation, with all tbe tboraoto machinery strained to Its utmost power, a sharp curve of the line brings the funnel of your engine right Into the wind's eyfe, aud suddenly your oompartfneSit Is suf- ! focatingly invaded by a gtnmy, gritty, euipht^ro^B Vftpour, which might almost justlfiy you in the coijjeetuifc that the driver ttfftetra i £raln wks'runulng It under J the " " lee of * a young volcano in tbe thifoes of it* fiyst erupHpn; and this sulphuretted fog, laden with hot cinder dust and choke-damp which h&s; OOwie swirling (n at the carriage windows, seizes on your eyes and mouth &nA; nostrils as their proper reoeptaole, and ooriversattob Is smothered in a general oborus of coughing and eneerinpr. So that t railway datrlage Is not neoessarily a geninl SpMrt for tne full and exact enunciation of your ojjliaiOnS on the subject which a brother voyager may broaob. Experienced travellers are s&ostiy; cautious in oriurinating or taking nan in »ny promiscuous railway conversation Tl^ fatigue of the joutrfey is enough with ototkny other fatigue. Railway speeoh soon becomes a scream ot a bawl, and few ever fool exhilarated or refreshed by it. For my part, I never inaugurate a railway con versatiota, unless specially challenged to the use . of fry Vocal powers, e<s in tbe oase of the taijr S/ftritht already referred to and her buBband,botb of whom, like the ghosts, had Ctooken flrst/tJlOugh both had gone off with- ~ on^ giving themselves or tne Hme to eay all C^U oonldbe oeplred on either subject. The aW&fWng; npUtloian who lpould take up the VfcttWoF , Wsw Qvoisa • In or&er; to save the heathen natives front being converted by Catholic missionaries resumed the subject, rind I listened to urote attention to this gentleman's statement of his views regarding the action of Queensland aud pt JSngknd in reference to New Guinea, abd England's general policy at .fcp Avetralia and the Pacific islands sot yet^nnejee^. Two gentlemen joined in,th6 *ho adyWled extreme taea* etufee41 <f-Nrsnr iWded «nd, toA «er>ther who had been in India, and who seemed to entertain ideift about England'* Indian and Australian dominions and their government with % * - next doortAmadnesd." «< ItWotild bo better for these colonies if they were altogether independent of England," faid the nentleman No. 2. " I don't eay that," replied the gentleman No. 1, who was a fart Wend to 4 the Londbn Misrfonary Society, 1 1 don't want the Australian colonies to bo independent of England; but I want Enulaod to understand the value of these oolonlfts, and not allow theta to be enctoaehed on by any foreign Power. The prfeienee of a foreign Power in New Guinea is a danger to these oolonies, and may be theif destruotion. This i« what I would avert, and thertfore secure New Guinea." " Would'you dd this at the risk of an immediate war with Germany? That iB the question," said the gentleman No. 3. "Are you ready to declare war again&t; Bismsrok for the possession of K. ^ i Guinea f You ate ttying to blink this grand danger, and, for my ^art, I Will tellyow plainly tyat I regard tbe olamour you are raising againBt Lord Derby aa Colonial Seoretary to be Very rinjttst, and even cowardly. You really mean it against Bismarck, but you are afraid to say so. You are afraid to abuse Bismarck, and therefore, in your passion, you abuse Lord Derby, who Is more fully informed of the perils which beset tbe present position of England than any of us. Yet we ought to know and remember that in ai<y way between Germany and 'England the whole diplOintttio and roofal force both of SVanoe and Russia would be thrown into the scale aprainat England; and this, in the now burning state of the Egyptian and Suez Canal Question, would invalre oonsrquenoea which all sober-minded colonists must dread and de* preoate. One thing I hold tube Certain in case Germany shall insist on holding her grip on New Guinea; and that is, the natives will be more justly and humanely dealt with than if they came under the murder rule of English colonisation, with all its exterminating ruthlessness." The railway whistle here burst forth into one of its most earipierOing blasts, ahd the train soon after olled gently into a solitary bush station, here it drew ita panting breath. Several ooond-olasi passengers here forsook us, and wo first- olass tfcre added to our compartrneut. These, by their garb, we reooguieed two of the clerical order, ,hni their entrance was mark«d by a ^ef'^ential abatement in tbe warmth and fluency of the conversation. On settling themselves in their seats, they looked round, and were saluted by two or three of our party with a respectful raising of bats, whioh the reverend gentlemen returned with graceful oonrtesy. One of them, as I soon learned from my ueigbbour on my left hand, was a bush bishop, and the other his archdeaoon, aud were on their way to Sydney to attend an episcopal meeting. One of our squatter magnates entered into conversation With his right reverend buBh prelate [who was, in fact, diooesau of ], and his lordship very cordially took his part in it. " You are lor Sydney, my lord, I expeot," said Squatter, Esquire. "Yes," replied his lordship; " please God we arrive safe." The squatter prefaced his next remark with a little laugh, and looked with a ooraio twinkle in his eye, as he spoke, " Going, perhaps, to oall upon the new Roman Catholic Aroh bishop who comes in plaoe of Dr. Vanghan, lately deoeasedr' The Anglican bishop also laughed a little merry laugh, as be said, "No, not that; not that. Our metropolitan's oall must stand for all his suffragans', I think; but there is no harm in these small social civilities—they mean nothing butoivility, and everybody knows they mean that, and so more.'" But Dr. Barry s metropolitan at Canterbury, and all his London friends, what will tfi«y Bay to Dr. Barry's civility, aa your lordship terms it, in making a personal oall of welcome, as Dr. Barry has done, upon Dr. Moran, the Romanist head of the Rotnish dissenters fn thieColony ?" "Oh, the people' in London will probably thiuk Dr. Barry's conduct very strange,""replied the Anglioan dignitary " but it is only a well-meant pieoe ofpoliteness, and signifies nothing but that general charity whioh we n»< not only to a Romanist, but toaMohammcdan or a Jew; it i<no recognition of the .Roman Catholic bishop's status aa an clive of tbe Pojpe's, but only a morning oall upon him as a gentleman." ''The idea embodied," fcnid the squatter, *«in Dr. Barry'e act is, I suppose, very charitable ou bis part aa a Protestant btshop tovitrda the Romish body, but tbe Evangelloal party in have, I bear, been qtitM Shocked at Ills lordship's breadth of ibtaevolenae. May I ask if your for^stip believes or hopn in. the ultimate union Of tbe ftomlsV and all other ihuroheB vrtth ours in one communion and ttoe worship, and one aM the«kmedoctrinei" "It Ua point," said tbe Anglican biskoja, Voo which I dare baldly venture to ^wwl. Yet God'e grace is suffloient for all n^qub fewposes. Dr. Barty tbay bave tnMw Wth than I: and faith, you know, «a»' M&o;«e mounkaina." '' For wy part,'' «aid the New Guinea »nne»r, I can never Jwdgefte with Botbe, She tnun give tip mt tabU and Moetts'ltn Bitde and e«d«Me »1th all tan mtttartl Cfarifttaa." > " May ask," eatdroptanan a, "if wuincjude Unitarians 'in the number of trul M«P\ tunl OhrlallsijMf» «« r mil," !^#ied tko fcttnexw, ibers 4a wwne need of « their about eowepf W N i i h N B fr^tMhtn Nt>. B, 7t, lf tt*; lag of vthe Bftl««»*Vi ' Vtai^jot and * cuseton on awkward tflftios, «t of oMftfflHi ting himself to any positive deolarMlon ^ anvthiug. He did not at first t4ke any «6Uoe of the appeal made to him, bat HS^oee new him seemed to pause for bta lordship reaponse, he turned round and yery geMJy said, " I think that the Unitafiansfhould be, represented here, and be allowed tpj^eakfor themselves, The bishop sp6ketWe*o*fo with a godd-buinoured smile, SAa tbffle was some good'htitoburtd laughing at'tbe expense of the geUtleman Who had appealed to his lordship fftrhis decision; butit was uuderstood by Ml that the bishop did not wish to be entangled any further in the net of a controversial conversation. The gentleman also had the good sense to refrain • from forcing the conversation in a combustible direction—a virtue not always poss^d by disputants—and began to speak of the way In, whioh European civilisation was forolng itself upon Asiatio and African barbarism or heathendom—that way by the sword, as. Mohammedanism had foro«d itself upon its; vanquished ofposwp. Then a gentleman maintained that Mohammedanism should not; be regarded as faeatbe&Ma;, but aa -A sort of preoacsive nropagandietn to Christianity, bee&use; Mohammedanism taught only one God, as against fylytbeism, and it held ^11 idolatry in abhorrence. Tti^s opinion ^ras quite new to the company, and too afystrose for Oi-Ainary tail way CoSprebensiOn, And sill gladly turned to Eriglish pOlitios and the frozen meat market; and a gentlbtnan wondered Why they didn't get up' a Froaen Kangaroo Hiod-qnarter and Tail Company, and thus give the {Jockbeya some novel notions In gastronomy. But the longest journey oomes to an end. We began to see that the evening shades were closing over us, and, .the saffron hues were fading from the western sky. It was 6.80 when my worthy landlord and I were safely deposited at our terminus on' the borders' of the Black ftwhmp, 17 miles from Tiger and Tom Oat Gully, so Veil known to share and stockbrokers. Tbe station had been somewhat enlarged and consolidated since my first arrival there, and a m&iUwagiron; established in correspondence with the mail trainB; and several new townships h»d sprung up in the 0id-Chum-gang regions, wktjre the dense, defiant forests had stood in their unpruned pride and leafy loftiness. But the cross-out, saw had beard of them, and oarne, and out,, arid oohqtiiifed. The snake and savage that claimed tbe forest as their heritage aud home, they too were i;one, and the scythe and tbe ploughshare field tbe cleared land without dispute. The track of the . black foot, was effaoed by metalled roadways^ and the wild bush was fashioning itself into garden hedges and grain-bearing-field fenees. 'The iniaU-oar had been waiting for the train, and my landlord and I Boon effected an arrangement with the driver, who was als6 the prbpriiiWr of the vehicle, for our conveyance to Mrs. Tomlinson'a hotel, near Tiger and Tom Oat Gully. Six mileB from the railway station our mail-man delivered a letter-bag,* and my landlord and I, finding bim to b& a jolly good fellow, proposed to drink hie horses' health. We had already drunk, his own health at the Railway Hotel, when starting. The postmistress was a prim, business-like person of tbe m^r, and seemed fully oonsoious of f&e; trust re- osed in her by the Postmaater-Gtahesal. S'or a hush resident Bhe was a woman of few words, for bush women, in general, are frte of speeoh when the opportunity to speak ooours. But she had a daughter of nineteen, who madeupfor her mamma's silence. Tbe PoBt-office was also a Store and 'a " Bar," all in one low and very large apart-) ment, whioh was saMmoffl into three, sections by tv*o long Oae of tbesd was the bar, tftiothwMd 'M ttAre," the; third a hardware and ofookery department ;'- in one end Was the Post-fffice, A Kmall book boxed o& from the store, with a window towards the street. You could eee oVfer the whole room from Any. one epot,> and enter the bar from one street and the' store from another. ^ With this malden of 19 a strapping young inouuted polj^oe Bergeant was conduciing a very yoluble flirtation wben we entered the store. A younger sister ma on the liar side 'ot the oottutor. leKiVifog to flirt from the lesson her alstet was The flirter was a pretty- rustlo, with i'pair Of pretty, dark'haxel eybs, a pair Of itetly, plump, roSy cheeks, a pretty pair of -short sauey, bright-red lips, a pretty pair of wbltfc, round arms, ou whioh sho was resting, jfoldaa under bet boson. as ahe iea&ed; ,aoro88 the oonnter and banaie^ piauant retool to tbe badinage of the, bold bush dragoon, ,vf eeemed to be ^qing bis Jeypl be^t to ti her down; but, lb Vain. 0, AulveHnjg asb trees 1 wluit a'nlmble tongtt^ she j^kdi T ueen of the mag{|iiee Wgbt haVe'enVied it. ?tVas 'not fiiere nh^ttetbox tfeltle. 1 1% bad tboftgk kndwltlntt. The b«*h (Mrg«ent »f polioe bad met hismatoh. Her mamma bad been sorting and atampiiig letters for aoeae Ave minutes, and sow caste out of tbe letter boreauwith a bw lland. vhiob «k«l rasfed acroas t^e wmUx to t^e nt*U ,oab-i ddyer, who dnmk qff jbis ^Ma of ( o»ludonustoyk()oui;4eit«. IStbJanuary,,1885. ;; 