CAMIOLA; A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. By justin McCarthy, Author of 'Miss Misanthrope,' 'Maid of Athens,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. AU rights reserved.] Chapter XVII.— 'But thebe Remains a Scruple.' Gamiola had gone home. Mrs. Pollen re turned to her music-room, and, according to her custom when alone there,, was playing on her organ. She was delighted at the result of her experiment thus far. She thought she had brought Camiola to a point from which the girl could not draw back. How the engagement with Georgie Lisle was to be got rid of Mrs. Pollen did not know and did not much care; but she was determined that it must, be got rid of one way or another. ' Her interest was all in Camiola, and Romont; she had the poorest opinion of Georgie and was not in the slightest XAV£Jk\~^- VUUUU.UVU HUVUU'IUO X^UA^Uf^kT. TV LV11 J.U.L4 recognition of Mrs. Pollen's-many generous and some noble .qualities we cannot profess to be lieve that she was rigidly scrupulous as to means when once she -had convinced herself that her ends were all right. The music-room was -but faintly lighted as yet. The- twilight had not wholly- faded from the skies, which could be seen through the small uncurtained windows. Mrs. Pollen, absorbed m her music, did not hear the-door open or see her Albanian corne in. She started when she heard his voice in. the jdim light. The voice spoke in remarkably good English this time, although with much emotion. ' Is she gone ?' The voice, we need hardly tell our reader, was the voice of Albert Rornont, although the complexion was still the complexion of Alba nian Joseph, 'Weil?' Mrs. Pollen asked exultingly. She had risen from her seat at the organ, and was coming towards Mm with both hands held out. 'Are you satisfied now? Was I right? Do you begin to see yonr way at last ?' 'Look lere,'- Romont said passionately; ' I can't have -anything more to do with this. It seems a dreadful tblng-r-we two to find out all About this girl's feelings — it's like acting the part of a spy. I won't play at this game any more.' 'Isn't that being a little too. scrupulous? Have you not a right to know, how the girl feeis to you? Have you not a right to save her from a- fate -worse a thousand times- than death to a, girl with such a- heart, and .brains, and soul ? Death ! Why, what is death to any .woman with spirit enough to make her worthy. to live ?' 'Still I can't do it any more ; - 1 feel as if I were doing somelhing-which would wound her to the heart if she came to know.' ' What about the wound to- her heart when she is married to that young man and finds she has to live a long life with him, tied to him, chained to him, and knows she never, never, can love him? What about her heart then? Stuff and nonsense ; Bertie Romont, you talk like a child. ? If -I were you I would carry her off by force rather than -let her sacrifice herself to him. Yes, I would, and more than that, I would kill her; I would indeed ; kill her with my own hand rather than let? her give herself up to him, and I should -feel certain that I. had done a good and righteous, deed. Oh, you men, -what spiritless creatures you are 1' 'But I so love her,' he pleaded-, 'I so adore her. I hate the thought of hurting her feelings. Every-moment.I see her. or listen to her I only love and admire her all the more. You don't understand,- and -you couldn't under stand, how I feel. There is a. sort of terror in nuy love ; I am so afraid wf offending her. .You see a woman -can't feel to a woman as a .man does. You can't have any of the sort of god dess notion about any woman, but men can, I can. I feel to her sometimes as if she were a sort of divinity.' 'All right,' said Mrs. Pollen coolly, 'I am very glad. I don't think -any the worse of a young man because he is a little crazy about a girl. The fault I find with you is that you are not half crazy enough. But anyhow, my very sensitive and scrupulous young man, don't your scruples come rather late ? There is nothing more to find out, is there ? - You can't . pretend to have any doubt on your mind as to the state of her feelings now ?' 'Oh, no, I can't have -any doubt now. If I had only known, or thought, or guessed before. But what is the use now ?' ' There was no watching or spying needful on my part,' Mrs. Pollen said. 'I_-knew it all before. I suspected it fronvthe beginning. I knew ifc just as soon as she did-; the very same moment that told it to her told it to me. Later on she told it to me herself.' ' Told it to you herself?' 'Yes ; I gave her to understand that I had found out her secret, and ehe .didn't deny that I was right — she couldn't. She has . been in love with you this long time, but not so long asyou have beenialove with her.' .Romont looked at- her with quick surprise. ' How do you know that-?' he asked. 'How do I know anything? Because I use my eyes and my senses. You were in love with her the very first day you saw her. The moment I saw how your eyes rested on her, even when you did not yet know who she was, I felt sure that you had found your fate, in the matter of love- making at least ; so far as ? that sort of work makes up a man's fate. I tried you with one or , two questions as we were driving away — as we passed Georgie Lisle on the bridge, and even before we saw him ; and your answers made me quite certain that I was right. I dare say you didn't know it yourself then; but I did. I didn't find her- out umil the night we saw her stooping over him. and kissing him.' ' But surely that ought to. have made you think she was in love with him. It made me think so ; it made me sure of it. I mxde up ny mind to leave England at the first possible moment — after that.' '?Men are so dull in these affairs. As if a girl kissing a youngfellow whom she had known like a brother — a young fellow- wounded, who bad jubt fallen in a faint under her very eyes — as if her kissing him was any proof of her being in love with him !' 'Well, but anyhow it surely wasn't any proof of her being in love with me. Mrs. Pollen' smiled. '-.' Directly, n&; indjrectlyf yes; yes. The moment fhe saw you your name came out in a cry from her lips. I saw the wayshe looked at you and to you and then away from you ; I saw that for the moment she was only thinking that you must have seen her kiss him, and then I knew ; I told her so that very night.' ' Then, in the name of heaven, my dear, kind, and mysteriously-gifted Mrs. Pollen, why on earth did you not tell me!' 'My dear, kind, and by no means mys teriously-gifted, but on the contrary remark ably dull and stupid Mr. Romont, why should I have told you anything at all about it ?' 'Since you professed to be my friend and her friend,' he said gravely ; 'since you are so anxious now to save her and me from a life of wretched and cruel mistake ? ' ' I don't know that I had professed any great friendship to either of you at that time ; although I did like you both ; but in any case how was I to suppose that a young man who appeared to have plenty of spirit, and had done all sorts of plucky things for people he never spoke to, would venture nothing to find out whether the girl he was in love with was in love with him ? How was I to suppose that you would quietly let the matter drop? How was I to suppose that she would never make the slightest use of her eyes to encourage you? If I were she I would have contrived with one little quiet half -glance that her mother, if she were living, might have seen and failed to understand — I ?would have contrived to make you understand that you were welcome to say something to me. No, though ; I am not so sure about that. I doubt after what has happened, whether I could have made you understand ; but I would have tried.' ' Oh, but she wouldn't ; she couldn't do anything like that,' he said hastily. ' Thank you very much ; such a nice grace ful compliment to me ! SSIw couldn't do such a dreadful thing ; no, of course, not ; but I could.' ' I didn't mean that.' 'Well, no matter ; I forgive you ; I quite admit that there are things I would do and your divinity would not do. But to come back to the point. HowT*ras I to suppose that you would have acted so absurdly as you did, both of you ? Of course, I wasn't going to betray the girl's secret to you, or to any man alive.' ' But you have done it all the same,' he said. ' Yes, I put you in the way of finding it out, certainly. But I wasn't going to say to you, dear good generous young man, take pity on this young woman who has fallen m love with you, and if you are really in love with her prythee be kind enough to tell her so.' ' Well, we have muddled it among us.' ' Excuse me ; we have not muddled any thing ; at least, I have not muddled it. You and she may have done a good deal of muddling between you; but I have not. I have done my best to counteract the effects of your muddling, and will still do it.' 'What would you have me do now ?' ' Go to her — go to her at once — this minute, and tell her all. Tell her that you are in love with her and that you know she is in love with you.' ' And she will say I am too late ; she will say she is pledged, and promised, and engaged, and all the rest of it to Lisle.' 'Tell her that she must break it off. Tell her she' shall not , marry him. Don't hesitate or allow her to think for a moment that you would hesitate. Prevent her from making her self unhappy just as you would prevent her from throwing herself out of the window. I suppose if you saw her going to throw herself out of the window you would not scruple about putting your arms round her waist to hold her back? Take my word for it you would do a much kinder thing to a girl like Camiola if you were to let her throw herself out of the window than if you were to allow her to marry George Lisle.' 'We don't live in the days of young. . Lochinvar, Mrs. Pollen,' he said ; ' I wish to heaven we did. I wish I might take her up on my saddle and gallop off with her. But I am afraid Camiola, ' he felt his cheek grow hot as he spoke out her name in this way, 'is not the sort of girl to stand being carried off in that kind of way. AJid then, don't you know, I am very much, inclined to believe that she will think I have played her a shabby trick by . getting her secret out of her in this way— this absurd disguise. I didn't think of it before in that light, but now it does seem to me an awfully mean thing to have done.' ' There !' said Mrs. Pollen. ' I might have expected this. I put you in the way of know . ing for certain that the girl you love loves you ; \- and my thanks is to be told that I have done a mean trick, which a woman of better bringing up would despise. I wonder any woman ever goes into any sort of enterprise with a man. Why, you pitiful creatures don't seem to under stand even the principle of honor among thieves. Since Eve was fool enough to try to pleaee her shabby husband things were always just like that, very good, Mr. Romont, I have my reward. Settle the matter for your self.' 'No, no, don't be angry with me,' he pleaded ; ' I didn't mean that or anything like that, but what was only kind and friendly of you to think of for our sakes, hers and mine, may not have been quite right for me to do. You see she's not a woman of the world.' 'Weil, well,' Mrs, Pollen said impatiently, cutting him off in his explanation, 'never mind about all that. I don't care whether you include me in your vote of censure or leave me out of it. I am quite willing to admit tint both you and she are far too lofty in your natures and too refined in your scruples for this rough world altogether,; and I don't feel myself by any means at home in such very superior company. Perhaps after all she had better marry Georgie Lisle. The boy is a very nice boy, in his -way ; and I dare say she'll get to be awfully fond of him in time. Anyhow we can't do anything, more, can we? Now to come to a .practical matter, what is to become of my Albanian Joseph ? Does he disappear from this moment, and how am I to account for his coming like a shadow and so departing? Must I say he was a mere ghost ; or shall I give out that I have packed him off to Albania again ?' 'As if it mattered,' Romont said ; 'as if you or I cared about that ! Come, Mrs. Pollen, don't be , angry with me ; I can't stand it ; I must have you for my friend and on iny side. You see how outspoken I am with you; I don't keep any of my thoughts from you.' 'All right,'. Mrs. Pollen said. ' I am not easily offended, and I am very easily appeased. Now about your scruples ; must you tell your divinity the part you have played ?' 'Oh, jes,' he anfcwered quietly, but very firmly ; ' I could not .keep that from- her. If I tell her w.hat I know I must tell her how I came to know it. Why, the whole strength of nay position is that I know it from her lips, al most; yes, it was really from her own lips. But in any case I would tell her.' 'Must you tell her now ?' ' Now ? Why, of _ ourse. At what other time could I tell her, if not now?' ' After,' Mre. Pollen said coolly. 'After what?' 'Oh, younaost stupid young man ; after you are married, to be sure. It would be all right then.' Romont positively colored like a girl. 'Oh, no, that would never do ; that would be a marrying under false pretences. Besides, I think it is very, very doubtful whether she will ever marry me at all. She isn't like other giris.' ' No girl ever is,' said Mrs. Pollen. 'Ever is like what?' 'Ever is like other girls. At least, I never yet heard a man admit ihat the girl he w,as mashed upon was one bit like other girls ; and I never knew a girl who. would admit or be, lieve that she was like other girls. Well, you must only throw yourself upon her mercy. I wouldn't if I- were you;. but that'.s another matter.' ' What would you do ?' ' Tell her that I loved her, and that I knew she loved me; and that we were to be married, I and not listen to a single word to the contrary. I Show her that you meant what, you said and I were master. I wish I might do the love making for you.' i 'No, thanks,' Romont said, with a bright ening mile ;' I mean to do my love-making ail for myself.' : ' Very well; but do it.' i No one could have been more surprised than Romont himself it he had been told that while he was arguing with Mrs. Pollen he was not perfectly sincere. He thought he was sincere ; He believed he was_ giving expression to the truest feelings of his heart. But the moment he had left her, the moment he had fouud hinjself alone, then the real feelings broke out and overwhelmed all others. In the sublime egotism of the lover he yielded himself to the mere rapture ot the thought 'she loves me ; Bhe loves me ; come what; will she loves me ; nothiug.can aKer that' He did indeed feel a little alarmed and a little ashamed as to the part he had played ; ashamed on his own account, alarmed at the thought of how Camiola might take it. He felt a little like another Claude Mel notte playing off a shabby trick at the expense of a beautiful and innocent girl. He began to think he. had no mere right to findouther secret by means of his mummer's disguise than he would have had to act the part of a spy on Lei- or to open her letters. How would she take it ? Mrs. Pollen, of course, was abso lutely unscrupulous in such a matter, and could hardly understand Romonfs scruples ; but would Camiola take that view? Some times he felt certain that she would not ; that ehe would resent the trick played off on her. All the same he was determined that she must know it. But for that, he thought,. she might be induced to break off her engagement with : George Lisle ; the disguise and the discovery : would make her pause, he feared. ' Still she loves me,' he told himself again and ; again ; ' she will never marry7i/m.' ' Chapter XVIII.— A Sad Suxdat. ! Of all the days that are in the. week the ! dreariest to all. outward .appearance for Fitz i urseham proper is the. day that comes :bet ween I the Saturday and Monday. The great majo : rity of. the inhabitants in the poorer streets never could be induced to go to church. The women pleaded that they had not clothes good enough for church ; the men. (Jid, not ever entertain the idea of going there. There was a park iii the immediate neighborhood, and people from other quarters came ,in crowds . eveiy Sunday to disport themselves there. But the regular, inhabitant of Fitzurseham did not care to go to the park any more than to church. One reason of his for not visiting the park was that the only house of refreshment within its enclosure was a place where no liquid more stimulating than ginger-beer was allowed to be sold. In the lower quarters of Fitzurse ham the men merely hung about with short pipes in tbeir mouths until the public-houses were opened, and as long as the public-houses remained open the men remained in them. At night there was a good deal of singing and shouting to be heard in these public-houses and for a time in the streets after the public-houses had closed ; and later still there was a good deal of shrieking from some of the dwelling houses. Nobody much minded. A wife, per haps, had been ' nagging' her husband, and the husband at last or at first took to beating or kicking the wife. That was common in Fitzurseham and disturbed nobody but the Idcked wife ; and even she was so accustomed to it that she could hardly be said to be dis turbed by it. We have to speak now of one particular Sunday,. the Sunday after the day described in the last chapter. A duller Sunday had nor, been spent by any one in Fitzurseham than was spent by vinnie Lammas and her mother. The mother and daughter bad gone to church ; they never missed attending church on the Sunday. This Sunday they had both in their minds a particular reason for going which neither would for all the world have hinted, not to say confided, to the other. They were anxious to see if Walter Fitzurse would be . there. Walter was. not in the habit previously of troubling himself much about going to any church ; he always lounged by the river while Vinnie and her mother performed their devo tions, and then he used to wait for Vinnie out fcide the church door, and they would go off on a ramble together. That was in the old days — thedear, dear old days which came to an end only a few \ieeks ago. Vinnie had not seen Walter since the night at Fitzurse House ; but something told her that he would be at church on that Sunday. She had heard that Mr. and Mrs. Lisle were in London, and that Janette was at the rectory. Walter was at church, and when the service was over he jointd'Janette and her brother and Camiola, and walked devoutly by Janette's side. It imst not be supposed, however, that he cut the Laimxas pair or behaved rudely or unkindly to them. Oh, no ; he went over and spoke to them in the churchyard ; he even lef b Janette Lisle for a moment to speak to Mrs. and Miss Lammas ; he took off his hat to them with the grace and dignity of a lord ; he asked after Mrs. Lammas's health, and hoped the had not taken cold, and said Vinnie was looking charming, and that he had not been able to call on them these later days because he had had some business that kept him very much in London. Ihen he went back to Miss Lisle. It was clear from the first that he meant to go back to her ; and they disap peared, Walter, as has been said, walking side by side with Janette. Vinnie had a naturally quick eye ; and it was still further quickened in this instance by the eagerness of her miad ; and she saw that Janette kept her face turned to the ground while Walter talked to her, and she even saw that there was a heightened color on Miss Lisle's cheek. How handsome he looked, poor Vinnie thought ; how . like a prince ! Vinnie's notions of princes were, it is almost needless to say,, taken chiefly from story-books. And so they went off together in the direction of the rectory, while vinnie dropped her veil and was for the most part silent, only now and then making some remark of enforced sprightliness far beyond any mortal sprightliness which comes by nature. Why do people, why do women especially, keep up a deceit which is no deception ; which does not in the least deceive those whom it is meant to beguile ? Why did Vinnie and her mother now play off this foolish, futile game one against the other? Mrs. Lammas could . pierce to the very heart of all poor Vinnie's most secret thoughts. Vinnie was distinctly and altogether aware of this fact. Yet they went on playing at deception, each one know ing perfectly well that it did not deceive. Vinnie talked once or twice of how well Walter was looking and how pretty Miss Lisle was, and how nice it was for Lady Letitia to be so nice to Walter, and Mrs. .Lammas tried to answer in the same -strain; and they kept uptheir little private theatricals . in this way until they reached home. In her -heart Mrs. Lammas was brooding over one : thought -which now for some - inscrutable reason, possessed her ; she was thinking of the husband ehe had lost-^-the - husband of her youth! who. had loyed his little Vinnie so dearly when she was a child; she was- asking . herself what he would :feel if he were to know that his daughter, his little idol, was breaking . her- heart because of a faithless lover. Vinnie was thinking of the Sundays which she and her lover used to pass together, and how. . happy they were ; and she could hardly keep down her- irritation wben her-mother spoke to ber, and she had to put on again the air of one . who is not conscious of anything vexatious., or painful, or out of the w,ay They got home, theEe poor dreary women, and they had their dismal little two o'clock dinner. Then Vinnie got a book, a novel, and tried, not to read, but to look as i£ she were reading, mainly in order to avoid being talked to by her mother. She sat in the window, and kept her eye on the front gate. When . she did not look at it she listened for its slightest sound ; it must swing on its hinges before.any one could enter that house. She still had .some hope that Walter would come that day, some tinie or other, to see her. She longed to see him — longed with an almost sickening craving. Even if all must soon be over with them, stifl, still she would have_ liked the evil day -post- poned ; she would like to see him even once again. The day went on, the evening, came, the level sunlightshot its darts into the window and dazzled Vinnie eo that ehe could not see the front gate,. and Walter did not come. ' Wouldn't you like to go out for a walk, Vinnie dear V Mrs. Lammas asked- timidly. _ ' Ob, no, mamma ; the streets are- horrid . now-; they are crowded with noisy people.' ** Would you like if we were to run up-and see Mrs. Noble — Mollie Noble is at home now, .you know ?' ' No, - mamma ; I don't care about Mollie Noble. Wouldn't you like to go yourself ? You . have -plenty of time before tea.' Mrs.. Lammas sighed, and thought she did not care to go. The evening deepened ; and at last Mrs. . Lammas lighted the-lamp. She did not, -how- ever, draw down the blinds, -as she knew Vinnie would still like to -keep watch, and it was not yet dark, but she lighted the lamp and -drew it near her, that the might read the Bible and try to distract her thoughts from the. concerns of earth. They had an ancient piano, & relic of better days. Vinnie got up from her seat at the window and began to play a. hymn ; bringing, out a -good deal of feeling from the key6-of the jingling .old instrument. Mrs. Lammas had suppressed all hint of her feelings and her doubts thus far; but at last she felt- that she must say something. So she began with- 'Vinnie, dear.' Vinnie, without turning round, asked, ' What is it, mamma?' 'Do you think Walter is coming to-night?' ' I don't know, mamma.' ,-Another pause. ' * Vinnie dear. ' 'Yes, mamma.' 'Don't -you think there- is- something the : matter with Walter ? He seemed-put out like, to-day » I- thought.' ' Stuff, mamma. You are always fancying there- is something wrong: with- everybody ; \- with -Walter and me at all events. You dear old thing, you wouldn't be happy if you were not frightening- yourself, anil making, yourself miserable.' 'Well,- dear, I am an anxious woman, I know that, and I do often trouble myself about nothing. But still, now don't y.ou really think there was something a little odd in1 his manner? He hadn't heard any bad news, had he ? Does anything trouble him ?' ''Now, like a good, dear mammy, please ? don't worry yourself and tease me. I don't know anything about him ; about anything that troubles him. If there- is anything he didn't tell me ? ' f ' He would have told you, dearest, surely if there was anything, wouldn't he ?' ' I- dare eay ; I daresay. Do stop, mamma. ' She was a lo\ ing daughter, but one of., those loving daughters who cannot keep from giving sharp answers now and. then. It was her way iudeed to treat Mrs. Lammas rather as if she were a younger sister than a matron and a mother. SoJVirs. Lammas said no more on the subject iust-then, but-stole a glance at her daughter, and thought none the lesB-hecause she did not speak. The girl kept on with her hymn and her piano. The dusk was falling grey and ghostly over the dull, flat,- low-lying desolation of the scene without. Her heart -was in her music that evening. She kept ever and-, anon glanc ing at the darkening window, expecting or hop-. : ing from minute to minute to hear the gate move, and - then a familiar ? step. More and more the shadows- deepened ; more and more the pleasant glow of the lamp reddened in the dusk ; and no - one ? oatne. . - Mrs. Lammas bent her head over the reading.; 6he could not -see through the window from .where she was sitting, but her. ear watched with painful, tension to hear the gate- turn .on its rusty hinges.; and the gate remained silent as herself. The sounds of the piano -grew slower and slower, and presently ceased altogether ; and the mother could see that -her daughter was only gazing at. the blackening window panes. At last she closed thepianoand got up. 'Don't; you want your tea, poor,. dear, old mother-?' she said in a tone of. unusual softness and tenderness. ' Shan't I get it .ready ? It's growing ever so. late. It has positively -groyra quite dark. What a patient old mother you are to ;wait allthis time and never say.« word.' 'Don't you think we had jaetter wait a little longer,- Vnmie ?' ' For what dear?' ' For Walter; he may come later.' \ ' Tor Walter J' The girl broke out into a. wild hysterical laugh, which sounded unearthly and uncanny in the dusk, and quite frightened Mrs. Lammas. 'My dear child !' she exclaimed. 'He'll never come any more, mamma ; never, never. He doesn't care about me any more. I have lost him ; oh, it's too bad ; too bad he doesn't care for me any more.' She flung herself on her knees beside Mrs. Lammas, and hid her face like a child in her mother's lap, and gave full way to all the hysterical pain and passion that was in her. The mother stroked her hair and soothed and petted her with hardly articulate words of tenderness, as one tries to soothe a child or some suffering dumb creature, but did not for the moment attempt to interfere by question or remonstrance with the rush of her grief; let the blood flow freely from the bruised and wounded heart. Mrs. Lammas always became helpful and strong and judicious when any thing had to be done for anybody ; and she knew every turn and mood and tone of her daughter's nature. The wild stream of grief and pain checked itself at last ; stopped from sheer exhaustion, and the girl raised her head. 'That's done me good,' she said, with a sickly attempt to smile. 'Good gracious, mamma, what a fool I am !' ' We are all like that, my dear, we women, when we are young and when we are in love,' Mrs. Lammas said. ' But tell me, my dear child, what put that foolish notion into your head? What made you think that Walter doesn't care about you any more? 'Mrs. Lammas had just the same foolish notion in her own head. ' It's not foolish, mamma ; it's too true. It was foolish of me to give way so ; but what I say is the truth. He doesn't care . for me any more. He never will care for me again. I know4 it, something has told me of it. I feel it in my very heart. Oh, I have been thinking of it these some days, although I wouldn't let on even to you ; and you Have been thinking of it too. He is in love with Miss Lisle. I don't wonder ; I don't blame him, hardly. How could he help it ? She's a handsome girl, and she's, a lady, and has cul ture, and is grand, and all that ; and she's very nice to him and kind to him, and oh, so dif ferent from a poor little ignorant girl like me — and — and— vtherer-that's all about it.' ' But he must be mad if he thinks of her — a lady like that ; he must be crazy.' '* What's the good of that to me, mamma, even if he is crazy ? I suppose young men in love often are crazy. He's in love with her, and that's enough for me. I have lost him ; that's the point so far as I am concerned.' Slie was trying to pluck up a little ^of her usual spirit, but the effort was not very*succe3s ful. ' ' He'll be sorry! for this one day — if it's true, ' Mrs. Lammas exclaimed. 'Not he, mamma; why should he? He'll be sorry if he doesn't get her ; but he'll not be sorry for me. It's common enough in life, surely, for a man to throw over one girl for another,, when he likes. the other better; it happens every day ; only we don't like it when it's brought home to ourselves, that's all. I dare Eay I shouldn't have minded if he had thrown over some other girl for me ; I shouldn't have troubled myself much about that girl's feelings. Now it's my own case, and I have to bear it.' The gate was heard to move upon its rusty binges. Mrs. Lammas looked up with eager ness and hope. ' It's not he,' Vinnie said. ' It's — it's Mr. Pilgrim, I think.' Mrs. Lammas was glad it was anybody. Mr. Mrs. Lammas's age and temperament the two Pilgrim or another was welcome, in the hope that he might break the gloom. To women of most dreaded things in any trouble are loneli ness and silence. It was Mr. Pilgrim. He came in looking more pale and ghostlike than ever. Mrs. Lammas had always been glad to see Mr. Pilgrim. At one time he used to visit them a great deal while he was teaching Vinnie shorthand. For the last tew weeks, however, they had not seen him. He was busy, naturally, about the renovation of Fitzurse House. Mrs. Lammas had a sort of idea that Pilgrim rather fancied Vinnie, which idea used to amuse her at one time and make her feel kindly and pitying towards poor Pil grim. Think of Vinnie caring for a man of his ajge, even if there were not the handsome young lover Walter Fitzurse ! Bat Mrs. Lam mas made up her mind that if Walter were not in the way Mr. Pilgrim would make love to Yinnie. Now, she gave .Pilgrim a welcome which was more than usually cordiaL. It was an -intense relief to her that he had come in to disturb their solitude. 'You'll have a cup of tea with us, Mr. Pilgrim, won't you?' the. widow said, and she zpade signs at Pilgrim- that he -was to say ??Yes.' ? Pilgrim -said a gloomy 'Yea.' Hesawthat some trouble- .was iu the. air. He was much troubled himself.; but he -felt for the Lam mases. He liked both :mother and daughter very, much ; he was really fond of Vinme, although not in the . way Mrs. Lammas imagined.. He took a genuine interest in the girl ; he thought her fax too good and -too quick-witted ..to be thrown away apon \- forlorn. Fitzurseham. He hadrkrag. known of. her attachment to Walter, and of Hec engage ment with him, and he -did- not think the prospect for her altogether satisfactory even be fore the Lisles had come back to Fitzurseham. He had had an intimate knowledge of Walter sjnee Walter was a child, and he saw down to the very depths of that restless, egotistic, ambitious, dreamy nature. He knew that Walter was in love with himself and not -with any girl ; or rather with the Eidolon, the image of Walter Fitzurse: which he had created for himself, and on which the eyes. of his soul were for ever -turned in- admiring contemplation. Perhaps if Catpiola Sabine had not come in his way poor -Pilgrim's vague unconsolidated yearnings- for -love might have centred them selves on Vinnie ;-but Gamiola Sabine came in his way, and we have seen -what happened to him. Mrs. Lammas left the room in order tp occupy herself in preparations for tea. '1 haven't- seen much of: you-:-' lately, yinnie,' ' No, Mi. Pilgrim. ? Yon don't come to see . us.' 'I have. been so- busy ; L hope you are-not neglecting your -sb.orihau(L practice ?' 'I haven't been doing much lately,' the girl said listlessly. 'I don't.- suppose I shall ever . make much of it. Have you seen Walter to-xLay 2' she asked timidly. ' No ;I ba- ven't-Been hiin-to day, Vinnie;' ''Not all thaday? ..Not at, any. tune to- day?' 'Not at any time to-day, or yesterday, I haven't seen jum these Biany days. He doesn't j care much about me now,' Pilgrim added with a certain -bitterness, ' He. . has his grand j friends.' He had hardly spoken the words -when he was sorry for having uttered them. Poor Vinnie burst into tears. 'Oh, and he dosen't care foe me either,' - she sobbed; '-any more; any more. He has given me up; he has thrown me over. Oh, Mr. Pilgrim, lam so much ashamed to be seen by you and giving way like. this. Why can't I have some seli-control ?' 'There, there,' Pilgrim said hurriedly and awkwardly, for -he did not -know in the least how to set about consoling or soothing, a girl under the. circumstances. ' Never mind, Vin nie, dear ; never mind, -that's a good child.' ' How can I help minding?', was the.not unreasonable question. ' My heart is breaking — it's broken, I think.' 'Hearts don't break,' Pilgrim exv claimed so suddenly and fiercely that the- gul stopped in her wail and looked wonderingly-at him; ' they don't break ; I wish to Godihey did !' 'Why, Mr. Pilgrim, what is the matter? You. look quite put -out^-quite wild. Has anything happened ?' H'is . voice and manner frightened her ; she drew away from him. ' Do you think I am going mad?' he .asked grimly. 'I am not ; I wish I could go mad, girL' 'Mr. Pilgrim, I don't think you ought to talk in that way. Fancy wishing. that you were mad ! ' I wish I was dead, but I don't wish I was mad ; oh^ God forbid !' ' Well, Vinnie, one. doesn't die for wishing it ; and I suppose one doesn't go mad for wish ing it. However, I think y mi are right in re buking me for making snch an exhibition : of myself ; and it was not.f or. that I came .here. ' 'Tell me something about him; about Walter, please do,' she entreated. 'I have little to telL He does not live in this place any longer. He has ceased to be a grub and has turned into quite the butterfly; quite the butterfly. In plainer words, Vinnie, he is living now at the West End, in handsome - lodgings, and is exhibiting himself as a regular fine gentleman.' ' But, Mr. Pilgrim, where does he get* the mouty ?'' j Viunie was positively .astonished out of her ; grief for -the moment. Her personal suffering i iiad gene down before the shock of mere, j curiosity. j ' It isn't for me to say anything about that.' \ Pilgrim knew, of course, that Walter 'had j been enabled by Mr; Pollen thus to enter upon ' ?the butteifly stage of . his . existence ; but ? Pilgrim never breathed a woid of anything ! .dote by Mrs. Pollen unleaB he had her express 'directions to do so. In this case he had no faith in the success of her experiment; nor indeed. had she much by this time. ' Well, 1 have lost. him, anyhow,' Vinnie .said wearily, sinking down in sheer dejection once again. 'I have, come to you. with a message,' Pilgrim said. 'From Walter; oh,. from Walter?' The -sudden wild light that came into poor Vinnie's eyes was sad to see for one who knew the dis appointment that must follow. 'Not -from, Walter, Vinnie;. you know I am not likely to be made a messenger by : Walter. - You said this moment that you had loet him. , . Have, you .made up your mind to ? that, or have you_not? Has he- left you .or has. : he not?' ' But one always hopes ; one keeps hoping,-' Vinnie pleaded. 'My poor child; yes;' Pilgrim: said very kindly and .tenderly.; and be pnthis handxm ? her curly head. She was seated or squatted on the hearth beside him. ' For one who is. young like yon ther.e isalresve Jiope, -thank God. I ought to baye thought ot,-t1iaV X ought to have remembjered'UifltyiuTweretnpt like me. . Well, I Jiavebrought ypPJJ message* Don't yon want to knpw what it i? ?' '. ' 'Oh, yes, Mr. Pilgrim.' : She did ..not, however, seem particularly eager: about, it, ' It is from Mrs. Pollen.' ' Yes ?' To all appearance she had not any great concern in the purport of the message, Mrs. Lammas had just come, back liitio, the room. ' She wants to see you tomorrow, op at Fitzurse House. She takes a great interest in you, Vinnie ; and I shouldn't wonder' if she wanted you to become her secretary.' Once this -message would have made Vinnie dance about her room with joy. Now she took = it wearily. ' I don't think I can do it, Mr. Pilgrim ; I ? don't indeed.' . Mrs. Lammas sighed. ' Things don't ever seem to come at the right time,' she said. She was thinking that but a few weeks ago the proffered patronage of the rich and beneficent Mrs. Pollen would have set Vinnie wild with delight, and now Vinnie. did not seem to care in the least about it; apparently . regarded it rather as a trouble. 'She is a kind woman and a good woman,' Pilgrim said almost sternly ; 'it will do yon good to talk to her ; you may tell her anything you like — or, indeed, you need not tell her much ; she will understand what you mean be fore you have said it.' ? '1 don't want to talk to any one,' Vinnia murmured. 'I think I only want to be let alone.' - She got up and began to walk about the little room. She walked with listless air. and with a curiously heavy tread. It would seem - as if the weight at her heart had sent lead into her feet as welL ' She'll go to see the lady to-morrow, ot course, Mr. Pilgrim,' Mrs. Lammas said. : ' It's very kind of Mrs. Pollen, I'm sues tand Vinnie feels itjust as well as I do, xmly she's a little put out to-night with things.' Vinnie had now come to a stand by the window, and was staring out into the deepen ing night. Pilgrim went quietly tip %o her. ' I am sorry to see you in trouble, Vinnie ; indeed I am. I feel for you very much; you are one of the few human creatures I. really care about ; but you'll get over this, my. dear child ; you'll get over this — you are young,' ' It's no use telling me I'll . get ,over it,' Vinnie cried out passionately'. ' There's : no' comfort tome in being told that I'll get pyer ' it. I don't: want to get over; it Why should I? How could. 1? It won't make any difference a few days passing, will it? I shall be the same, and— andr^he'il be . the same ;.he has left me ! and — and what's, the. use of talking ? Oh, there ; I am ashamed - of myself ; but you don't understand, . Mr. Pilgrim — I suppose a man couldn't -understand — how one hates to be comforted and cheered up, and all that ; how one hates every one in the -world, friends and all— when one feels ,a-3 I . . do .now. Oh, I don't know what I am saying-, ? but 111 not bear this trouble, I'll not bear ft. . I know that.' ' ' . ' Vmnir hurried out of the room. ' Won't you go after her ?' Pilgrim asked. ? ' Oh, no,' Mrs. Lammas said, sadly ; ..'it's better not, Mr. Pilgrim; she's better left 'to. herself. Girls are so queer in these ways., , She - . has always been the best of daughters-; ^but I ' know^ there are times when it. would, only, worry her if even her mother were to go;to,her. ., No ; she's better left; alone just fora little. Are you going ? Good: njghfc, Mr. Pilgrim iTm Eorry we were so dull when you came.' Sha looked very miserable. - ' It is better fiometirues to go to the.honse ot mourning than the house of feasting,' he said. - ? 'That is,' he added, in his. curious meditative way, 'if we look upon the house of mourning .. as something got up entirely for. the spiritual improvement of the people who do not -happen! . to be mourners just at that moment. , In that way I am improving myself at your/expense and. that of poor Vinnie, Mrs. Lammas.' Mrs. Lammas did not. understand in-the least what .he .meant or what he was talking .about. . Pilgrim left the house . and walked - slowly to waidsiis home. The 6oft warm breath of the ~ Bummer evening still lingered everywhere. The : artistic touch of the gathering dusk delicately . effaced from sight allcommonplaceorunsightiy outlines and objects, and the dull street. might ??' have been a path in an Arcadian -village. ? Greups of -people-, were wandering here and' .. . there,, and Pilgrim passed many a couple- whose - ' subdued: whisper as they went along- teld-tha lovers'-tale as clearly as -it ^..could; be toldjunder ? . ? : Sicilian boughs. There was -bitterness- in ?-*: . Pilgrim's heart, and he saw- with soured senti- ; meet each happy,- whispering pair.: One^coople ' ' in particular -attracted his, attention; - :. The girl ' ; was pretty ; the young man was better dressed ' than she, and seemed .to belong- to.- a.' different claFs. , - ? ? ? 'All right,' Pilgrim- jnnrmored- 'almost- '- aloud- as he turned and looked- after them, 'Enjoy your Sunday evening, -.-my- pretty; ? ' fond-' -tittle girL -while you can.' Then'-'wja r soon..: come a -Sunday .when he wonit-care to ??' keep his appointment with you, and whafc-^will ' you do then ? Will, you remember that there . . is a river, near, I wonder? I shouldn't be sur prised if- Vinnie Lammas -was -thinking of ? something of the kind just now.' He walked on, and soon came in sight -of, the i river.- It set him thinking as he looked; this : way and -that along the darkling stream:; -thist - ?way. towards London, where the cloud, of doll , orange glow was- resting i that, way^to -the green fields and woods and 'delicious- backr waters and. overhanging trees which he could not .see, but co,uld think of i could pictaipevte himself— the fields where ,wheu,-a. boy he iad - never played, the trees which he had never iiad time or heart to climb, all the rich and, various lo velinesse&of; the earth which his hard/life had never allowed him to enjoy, while he was stall, within the .years that, leave .enjoyment' a ' chance. Tr^T' P'* ''ft™- tfa-|3r'Tig-YlF lwmaalff - however, or: of his lost yopth. ^' ; Aa:.. he looked on the filling river-^the tider-was 'still coming- in — he was more and jnqr&thirrTdng-of; Vinnie Lammas and of. her ominous- words as ' she was .leaving the. room. .What-jf«she- -were ' to come down to the river that night? ~ -It was the natural thing, the familiar th^ng,;, the . hideously common thing for a deserted-girl±o- - do. Not a day's paperthafr does nottell some such ead -and common story.. What if; Vinnia, ' should - come, that Sunday evening, toxthe churchyard where on other Sunday-: evening? ' ehe used to meet her lover, and sfyyoldseek lor- '' rest in the rising waters, of -'the river? 'That ? spot which so often -saw, hen_ happiness, which: ; D-ust- be associated in bee mind with; tha'best - | hours of happiness she had ever known^-what ' I place could be more appropriate for a broken btarted girl's farewell to life?:; The -thought ; once .conceived began to fill Pilgrim's ^mindi - It -grew to be a conviction, a fixed. .forecast with him. 'I will stay here; I naH watch,** - he-idetermined. '.II *he ev.er attempts :it Bhe : will attempt' it this very night, and -frpntthe j wall of the churchyard. ' .'. ' ' .' . -(To be continued). ' ?? 