THE WEEK. As we anticipated last week, oar local hop- growers are already on the move in their protestations against the proposed agreement with Tasmania in the matter of a free inter change of oolonial produots. The growers at Bairnsdale, we notioe, are organising them selves with the view of bringing " pressure to bear" upou their representatives; while in the sister colony, too, a happy state of affairs does not seem to prevail, as a movement iB on foot amongst the millers and grain merohante In the southern portion of the island againBt the alterations proposed to be made in the tariffs of Victoria and Tasmania It is alleged that the abolition of the import duty on grain and other produce will be prejudicial to that colony, and to the interests of the millers in particular. A petition to the Government to this effect is being mooted. It is to be hoped, however, that the Governments of both colonies will take a firm stand, and turn a deaf ear to these imaginary grievances, as it would be ridiculous to expect that our national prosperity is to be made subservient to the interests of aa insignificant minority. The vignerons of the Geelong district consider that after the laps3 of six years, ruring which time the utmost supervision has been exercised as regards any re appearance of " after growth" in diseased vineyaras, no ooBcsoies can now ne raisea against re-establishing vineyards in localities where the vines had been so ruthlessly de stroyed. It is not intended, of oourre, that the very sites formerly occupied by the " to- ealled" diseased vines should be replanted, but that new soils should be selected for the establishing fresh vineyards. In pur suance of this object, Mr. C. Craike, of Geelong, gave notice at the last monthly meeting of the Vinegrowera' Ass? ciation that he would move at the next monthly meeting — " That it is advisable to grant to the vignerons of Geelong. who had so long suffered under certain restrictions, permis sion to plant from seed." We are thoroughly in accord with Mr. Oaike in the matter, because we believe with him that there is not the slightest cause for alarm, the whole phylloxera business at Geelong having been magnified far beyond its real proportions. If successful in their efforts, the dearly-bought experience of the past should be a sufficient example of the folly of close planting of vines, as, in the opinion of many experts, the presence of the disease that led to the desolation of the vine yards in the Geelong district was mainly attributable to overcrowding of the vines and negligent cultivation. The reoent arrival in England of the steamer Elderslie, conveying 25 000 carcases, weighing over 1,700.0001b. of New Zealand frozen mutton, has been the means of direct ing increased attention to this now established trade. It may be mentioned tbat in 1881 so such meat reached England from NewZc aland, and only 18,771 carcases from Australia. In 1882, 8,810 carcases were Bent from New Zealand, and 45,087 from Australia. The number a in 1883 were : 98,754 from New Zealand, and 60,717 from Australia ; This year New Zealand has sent 398,859 ; Aus tralia, 107,437 ; the River Plate, taking up the trade fur the first time, 54,369. The prices atSmithfield Market vary from4|d. to 6f 1. for New Zealand mutton, 3|d. to od. for Australian, 4d. to 5d. for that from the River Plate. Frozen meat is also sent frum North America to the extent of about 18,000 tons a month, in addition to between 200 and 300 tons from Russia. Hitherto only one vessel has been engaged in the Russian trade, but a second is to start at once. About sixty gentlemen interested in the trade met on board the Elderslie at tbe Victoria dock?, and were entertained by the owners in the state-room. Among the speakers were Mr. W. Bird, of the Australian Company (limited), to whom tbe mutton on board was oon signed ; Mr. H. S. Haslam, of the Qaslam Engineering Company (Derby), with whose refrigerating machinery the ship is fitted np ; Mr. H. Steele, representing the builders of the vessel ; and Mr. H. Lang- ridge. It was elicited from the remarks that Australian Sheep are much smaller, more muscular, and le6S juiev than the New Zealand meat, while the River Plate mutton is decidedly greatly inferior to either. The idea of rabbits' fur being adaptable to the purposes of clcth weaving has not been much discussed, but if it could be so used, it ' needs no ghost'' to tell us that the myriads of rabbits which are now a source of loss to tbe farmers would become a source of profit. Under tbe circumstances, the story told by a London experimentalist of splendid and durable cloth and upholstery being obtained by weaving the fur, will be read with interest. We cannot vouch for the story, except to the extent that it appears in a respectable journal. If, how ever, it be tiue tbat rabbit fur makes a valuable cloth and can be readily produced, it is to be hoped further information will be authoritatively obtained by those interested in turning tbe plague to account. For the f uture, we learn from the " Sydney Mail," no person will be appointed to the office of Inspector of Stock under the Diseases of Stock Act in New South Wales unless he holds a certificate from the Stock Board of Examiners showing that he has passed the prepcribed examination. There are two classes of inspectors, first and second, and examinations are held for each. The board will hold periodical examinations in both classes. Tbe e animations are conducted partly in writing and partly viva voce. The applicant is first of all supplied with schedules of questions, which he has to answer in writing— to test his knowledge of diseases known to have existed in the colonies, and of diseases foreign to the colonies, and also to test his knowledge of tbe Acts he will have to work under. A day is allowed for each of tbe two papers relating to diseases and Acts respectively. Then the applicant has to nndergo an oral examination before the Stock Board of Examiners in Sydney. An examination has recently been held in Sydney, when nine gentlemen submitted themselves for examination, which extended over four days. Another examina tion will take place on the 24th inst. Judging from the examination papers, tbe test is a severe one. Candidates, before passing, must show that they have a thorough knowledge of thehistory, causes, different forms of treatment, and prevention of scab and catarrh in sheep, fluke, footrot. worms, nleurn nneumonia and — j » ' c — w r — — splenic apoplexy (Cumberland dieease). They must also be in a position to fully interpret all the clauses in the Diseases in Sheep Act, Imported Stock Act, Brands Act. Impounding Act, Pasture and Stock Protection Act, and Rabbit Act. The examinations entail a large amount of extra work on the depart ment, but as the desire is to appoint none but competent men, no pains are spared in carrying the intention into effect. Amongst tbe smaller class of landholders in America the bee-keeping industry is assuming proportions of considerable mag nitude. The owners of one and two acre blocks often keep hundreds of hives, the inmates of which seek for their living almost wholly on the adjoining fields, feeding upon fruits and flowers, and even invading kitohecs in pursuit of food, muoh to the annoyance of the inhabitants, whether in tbe honse or at work in the harvest field. So densely do the insects swarm in many distriots where honey production has become a speciality that apiarists, recognising their transgressions, are prepared to conciliate their neighbours by paying rent for certain areas of suitable pas tures- How the thing will act it would be difficult to say ; but the very necessity for it shows how far we are behind our eouBins in neglecting to utilise the properties of the honey hee, if even only for a domestic supply. A series of experiments in the painless slaughter of animals recently conducted in England by Dr. B. W. Richardson tends to prove that the painless extinction of life in the lower animals is quite within the bounds of possibility, The process was first pat into operation in May iaat, thirty c-igbfc dcq.s haying been placed in a lethal chamber and subjected to a fatal narcotic vapour. Tbey all passed quickly into sleep, and from sleep into death, and since tbat time from 200 to 250 dogs per week had been painlessly killed in tbe chamber, or a total of nearly 7,000. The lesulcs of this procedure bad been so exceptionally large and so entirely practical and successful that be felt the time had now come when tbey ought to be brought fully into public record. After anxious sideratioo, he was led to carbonic oxide as the anaesthetic, not only by reading of it ani by witnessing the effects of it as a poison when breathed from coke fames, but specially from studying its action when evolved from the flames of the Lycoperdon giganteum or common puff ball. The chamber into which the narcotic is introduced is made of double w ills of well seasoned timber, the interspace being closely packed with saw dust, and is tilled with the vapour by means of stoves. The chamber being thus pre pared, tbe cage containing the animals destined to be killed is by means of slides pushed into it, and the door closed. The last requirement which had to be met was the means of knowing when tbe narcotised animals had ceased to breathe, and thiB is done by a loDg trumpet-shaped stethoscope, made of bamboo. Oo listening through this tube the continued breathing of even a single animal can bo detected, aud the operators are enabled to determine if it be proper to increase the strength of the narcotic atmosphere or to atop it. This process of lethal death is simply applied to small domeetio animals, suoh as doge, cats, and birds. As to the pain less destruction of those animals whioh supply us with food, in respect of seme of them the painless death was quite feasible. By means of carbonic oxide, sheep could be put to sleep with tbe greatest rapidity before they were slaughtered. He had submitted forty sheep in this way to painleps death, and found that no bad effect whatever was produced in the flesh or unfitting it for food. The objection to retention of blood, so strongly felt by the Jewish people, does not obtain, the animals in the narcotic state yielding up blood just as freely as in the ordinary way when no narcotic is used. The same process may be equally applicable to swine, calves, and fowls. To oxen he did not as yet see its immediate application. He did not, however, despair of making electricity practically useful in killing some of the larger animsls, such as horses or oxen, but at present the expense oonneoted with this would in itself be a barrier to success. 