MISCELLANEOUS. Krupp's latest gun kills at nine miles. The defalcations of W. D. Hewer, late secretary of the Permanent Building Society, amount to £9,016 There is an Elopement Insurance Society in Hungary, which pays husbands 500 florins when their wives run away. Henry George is going to relate to the American working men the folly of pro* tective legislation. The author of the Spoopendyke papers (Stanley Huntley) died recently in New York. At Tunstall, in Staffordshire, the wife of h carter, named Mark Hopkinson, has given birth to four children, all boys. A bill for the purpose of amending and consolidating the law relating to bush and other fires has been introduced into the Assembly. Mr. Rees says that Mr. J. F. Conigrave, secretary of the Chamber of Manufactures, draws £1,200 a year from public offices publicly subsidised. The Commissioner of Taxes will give ap pellants an opportunity of being heard be fore deciding appeals. We should think so. In Maine there is one divorce to every 10 marriages, the worst record of matri monial infelicity o fany State in the Union. And they have liquor prohibition, too ! Australia and Fiji will this year produce between them 9J,O00 tons of sugar. The consumption by Australia alone is calculated to reach 130,000 tons. The Victorian returns for the quarter ended September 30, show the large de crease of 8,878 oz. 12 dwt. 3 pr. in the yield of gold as compared with the preced ing quarter. The St. Petersburg medical papers state that in a convent at Lebedin, in the Kharkov government, Russia, there are now living two nuns whose respective ages are known, on reliable authority, to be 100 and 112. A recently-deceased Dublin publican, who left £15 ,000, had been in business for 75 years and had always served his own customers. He lived and died the miserable life and death of a miser, leaving all his great fortune to public charities. Judge Casey, of Victoria, owns a dog, a jocund St. Bernard, rather less than an oz. It started to eat a man at Sorrento the other day, and had got outside of a con siderable portion of him when interrupted. The Judge will find it pretty expensive to feed that dog, unless he tries arsenic. — BuUetin. The London City Press, in an article on ' Social Parasites,' says that the Mendicity Society, Red Lion Square, has had over £200,000 begging letters — good, bad, and indifferent — referred to its Committee, and that over 60,000 impostors, tramps, and vagrants have fallen into the hands of its constables. A London journal, quoting statistics to back it up, presents as a moral paradox the statement that the most poorly-paid work in*; girls in the metropolis are those en gaged id the work of sewing and binding Bibles. It adds that for every heathen abroad who can be induced to use the sacred volume for anything else than gun wadding, a dozen of these girls are driven to perdition at home.' Hanlan says : — ' It is just surprising what big fellows the Australian oarsmen are. I looked quite a boy beside them. Beach is 5 ft. 10 in. high, and a very muscular man. Clifford is 6 ft. 1 in., and weighs, when out of condition, 240 lb. Michael Ru«h is 6 ft. 2 in. in height, and is built in proportion. Of .course you know that Trickett is away over 6 ft.' Some busybody has told the world that Mr. J. Darling drove a watercart in the City 25 years ago. He does not deny the truth of the assertion, but says he always gave good measure, and if the person who wrote certain miserable atticles said one tenth of what he wrote to him be would introduce his bootmaker to that man's tailor. Some one in the London Fidd suggests that ' if a man wants a carriage or imple ment photographed so as to make a working copy to scale, all that is necessary is, when the photo is being taken, that a clear and distinct three- foot rule be placed on the car riage ; this is photographed along with the carriage, and, no matter what is the size of the print or negative, will always be a true scale. It enlarges and diminishes in exactly the same proportion as the carriage.' Pepper's ghost, says the Scientific Ameri can, is produced as follows: — The real figure, which is not seen by the observer, is seated below the stage, in the light of a strong lamp, and facing a mirror, while above the figure is a piece of plate glass, bi-th mirror and glass being placed at an angle of 45 deg. The ghostly image or re flection is then seen by the observer ap parently above and behind the real figure. In the Lord Mayor's Court, London, re cently, two gentleman — one an ' Agnostic,' and the other described more vaguely as an 'unbeliever' — were discharged from the duty of serving on a jury. They made no objection themselves to serving; but, in view of the decision in the case of ' Clarke v. Bradlaugb,' the Common Serjeant held that ' unbelievers' could take neither the oath nor the affirmation, and as such were ineligible as jurymen, A Yankee journal is responsible for the folio win »r : — ' Three incandescent lamps of 32 candle power, enclosed in a glass tube, one above the other, are inserted through the bunphole into a barrel of whisky. The light and heat thus introduced have the same effect on the whisky as age had formerly, and the improved article is ready for the market in a much shorter space of time. Instead of the spirit being injured by the application, good judges say that its quality is greatly improved.' Henry Coates, a foreman painter, was paiuting at the top of a long ladder in the machine room of the Stockton and Middles brough Waterworks, Darlington, when some person coming into the room, and not know ing of his presence, removed the ladder, and the unfortunate man dropped on a large fly wheel. He immediately disappeared among the machinery, and was not got out until his head was severed from his body, and he was altogether fearfully mangled. It has been left to the semi-official Norddeutsclie ef Berlin to discover that there is yet an article of common consumption that does not pay duty on its entry into Germany, and to suggest that this omission shall at once be rectified — of course in the interests of a distressed industry. The article in question1 is fish, which is, although not to a very large extent, imported into Germany, and the Norddmtsche therefore de mands than an import duty shall be imposed on all fish brought into the country. The 10 deepest shafts in Victoria on June 30 were Magdala Company, Stawell, 2,409 ft.; Lansell's 180 mine, Sandhurst, 2,040 ft. ; Victory and Pandora Company, Sandhurst, 2,000 ft. ; Newington Company, Pleasant Creek, 1,940 ft; Prince Patrick Company, Pleasant Creek, 1,830 ft.; Growu Cross United Company, Pleasant Creek, 1,816 ft. ; Prince Alfred Company, Pleasant Creek, 1,770 ft.; North Old Chum Company, Sandhurst, 1,770 ft; Oriental Company, Pleasant Creek, l,G76ft; New Chum and Victoria Company, Sandhurst, 1,625 ft. An eccentric bachelor named Kentish, aged 80 years, who had lived in Croydon (England), nearly half that time, has been found dead in his bed. He was formerly a cashier in a bank, where he accumulated a great deal of money during the railway mania 40 years ago. This he carefully in vested, aud it is estimated that it will now amount to considerably more than £100,000, the whole of which, in default of a will, will go to some distant connection. The deceased occupied plainly-furnished lodg ings, and lived in a penurious manner. He was never known to give away a penny, and his sole pleasure was in saving. In England, George Field, a bricklayer, with a wife and numerous children, has been sentenced to a month's imprisonment for having no money. Mr. Field, senior, is in the Dartford Workhouse. For hiB sup port the guardians summoned the son to pay 22s. The son having been ill and out of work was unable to pay. A portion of the amount was borrowed by tbe wife, but the parochial authorities refused to accept it. George Field told the magistrates that he thought, under these circumstances, it was rather hard to summon him. ' Don't be cheeky, sir,' said the magistrate, ' but go to gaol for a month.' In the Londou Daily Telegraph of Octo ber 2 appears tbe following telegram from its Paris correspondent : — Particulars have come to hand respecting the murder of Judge Morin in the Gourt-house of Peyriec Minervais, near Carcassonne. The Judge had opened his court on Monday and the hall was crowded, when suddenly a ruffian, who entertained a violent hatred for him in consequence of an adverse decision which he bad given some time ago, pulled out a revolver and shot him through the heart, death being instantaneous. Judge Morin was universally respected. The 'unco guid' folk of Thurso, Scot land, are divided in opinion whether it would be a breach of the fourth command ment or not to walk in their cemetery on a Sunday afternoon. Perhaps it would be some relief for them to know that their 'ain John Knox' when be called on Calvin one Sunday found that eminent reformer playing a game at bowls. Again, Luther wrote : — ' If any where the day (the Sab bath) is made holy for the mere day's sake — if anywhere one sets up its observance on a Jewish foundation — then I order you to work on it, to ride on it, to feast on it, to do anything to remove this encroachment on Christian liberty.' The Roma publishes a curious story from Sicily. A brigadier stationed at Ficuzza, in the province of Palermo, lately noticed that every evening tbe light of a fire was to be seen on a hill called Busambre. Suspect ing that a band of brigands had established themselves on the hill, he one evening col lected all his men, armed to the teeth, and taking the fire for his guide set off in search of the supposed marauders. The little troop bad marched for about three hours when, on arriving at the edge of a plain on the hill, they were surprised at hearing loud subter ranean thunder, and immediately after a panting sound like the sigh of a Titian, while at the same time a shower of red-hot cinders fell about them. The brigadier and his soldiers did not wait to see more, but hastily retreated to their station at Ficuzza. Mrs. Minnie McEvoy has started in a new line. She now sell tbe fragrant weed in Melbourne, and doubtless is well patro nised by the aristocrats of the neighboring colony. She hasn't apparently been finished with so far as a younf* lawyer is concerned, for he tried the other day to land the lady in question by seizing, through his repre sentatives, certain properties which belonged to her brother, a Mr. Richard Glasson. This little panic the said Glasson didn't see, and the judge thought that the action of the execution creditor had been too precipitate. The action of the distinguished member of the ? legal fraternity was not judicious. There is an old maxim that it is well to let sleening does lie. and he who stirs un mud. however badly treated, is sure to be befouled more or Jess. — L. V. Gazette. It is some time now since Queen Victoria has been troubled by any eccentric young men. It has always been cranky and youthful beings of the masculine gender who have taken to annoying Royalty — from young Francis and the boy Jones down to tbe lunatic of 18 months back. A young man, all the way from Trinidad, bas now taken up tbe running. He applied at tbe palace to sell her Majesty a magic bottle. The contents, when dropped upon a wart, will immediately inform tbe wart's wearer of what the Queen may be thinking ! He considered it dangerous that such a liquid should be out of her Majesty's possession. The magistrate stated that the doctors had examined the accused and testified him as unfit to be at large, to which the reply was, ' Nonsense, I have been like this for two years.' If the present rate of increase were to continue until tbe year 1931, the popula lation of the great nations of the world would be:— United States, 190,000,000; Russia, 158.000,000; Germany, 83,000,000; Great Britain, 63,000,000; Austria Hungary, 44,000,000; Italy, 44,000,000; and France, 42,000,000. There's trouble ahead for future statesmen. How all these people are to live will be the problem to solve. But it is uot surprising that the French are beginning to inquire anxiously what they can do to increase their numbers so -as to keep up with the procession. A drop to the rear in mere numbers is not the only danger; there is also the fear that France may be populated in a way that is not desired — by a wholesale immigration of Germans, Italians, and other foreign elements. Already the foreign population of France is too large to please her states men. A thorough Australian lady who visited Berlin, Germany's capital, in September, had a pleasant surprise on finding in all the principal toy and fancy shops in one of the principal streets, called Friedrichstrasse, a number of boomerangs for sale, and direc tions for use printed on them in three languages, German, French, and English. The boomerangs were, however, nearly all of local manufacture, and none was quite perfect. Following in an exact copy of ' The English Instructions for Use' : — ' The Boomerang, Australian weapon. The boomerang is taken in the right hand, the rounded side being always turned to the left, and then with force shot off vertically in the air. When cleverly thrown it makes rotatory motion, and fulls down on the standing point of the player. When windy, tbe boomerang must be thrown against the wind.' 