fth-veltet PUT ASUNDER: UDY CASTLEM&INE;'S DIVORCE.- CaiPTEB Mil —(CoMimj)) By BERTHA It CLA.Y, [OTOH OF " HIS OKB MISTAKE," ',-THBOWN 05i I3E WOULD," " A STRUGGLE .FOK A ItESG," " A BrrTEn-ATONEMF-Sl/' ETC. /». V ,-• "In name, in love, in heart, but not in {tangbtB and opinions, .-It is a very, diflerent. flag; giving your heart and giving your niidare qnite dietinctthmgs. I-.gave yon a;ithole heart, Euaolpb, bfit I Hid • not give in my mind.. -I have reserved t hat lor myell."' \- - Lsdy Castlemaine, having the keenest vrif, iMGmaclike,.the quickest flow of words, (maslly -won the victory; but they were_ liitoiies which cost ier .dearly. - - .. . _ - y Each controversy, oaeli stoutly: contested iijnmiut seemed to weaken m; some little otgree the love of the man who could not ;en-: fa coiitiaciction-or opposition—who could. tot brook any idea except those he had himself It would not have mattered in the leaBt, l?J tbcj been 'eft alone; alter a^ew minutes • it; site wonld have gone to herhusband, and low foolish we are-to argueand-^lisagree mr trifles. What doeB anytbmgmatterpro-- lioed only that we love .cach other.-' ~ Or the husband would have sought his wife, {id said: . " We will not argue, darling; let my strongr thoughts guide you; . let--your-, sweeter tbonghtE guide me; nothing matters but that; Klove each other," Dot this never happened, lor there' was someone always at .hand, to fan every tiny ipsrt icto beming -flame, to irritate,'to annoy, to deepen every baa -impression. ;••- Always at hand whenever one of these little {issuaionsoccurred,and fewdaje passed with-: cat them, she noted wifca quick, keen.ears,all fist was said, and she knew c-saefly how to, 'in the Ere. Lord Castlemaine would go to his favourite at, the.great window-Eeat in the library,, or rat on Ibe southern terrace, from wlifere one could see the shining blue: sea, andstakea cigar to console himself. : .So sure as -.be , 'isfcteJ it, he would find the beautiful face and figure o(Isabel by his side "I most try to convert:Gertrude to your, nsy o! thinking," sue would begin; and then steeling ol irritation rose in his heart that {ten a shadow could lie between iimgelf and his yonng wile. "I will convert her myself,!' he would tnsBer, proudly. Ihtc Isabel would shake her head..; - "Idonotknsw; l am not sure that you fill." she would- sav, douotfally, and that inilsted him the more- • ; . • - - Then Ehe would seek her other victim; and .. Muld kiEs the beautiful face, and say, laughingly, "You meet not give m to that JiUBband of jam, Gertrude; he has great ideas of bis omaothorit-y." \- Tar too great,'' she would reply, laugh- Mgly. " He wants, three years' apprentice- ™p toaclaEsof etrong-mmdedwomeD.Jfear that even I am too meek lor him " ''Ion must not give way to him, or you ™ entirely loEe your ownindmduality, 'said: Isabel, "I shall never do that," said Lady Castle- Bsine, proudly; and although she loved her . toband with all her heart, there was "always . ' tense otangty irritation left after one of; .ftetsconverBBtione i^Itwasaweb of another-Wnd rihat. Isabel. , was weaving now. It was more sue «elol ton the f rft. Then she had tried lo Wsve theweb of love round the heart of one ' tioic she tried to weave ths'-weh oi Wk. over techeart J that, but for her, could never Mfe been disunited * • She laughed at times with a wicked sense , .?' victory, and at time-" she wept. deepair-, . '"8 of success, • But, day by day, the Tveb J'^ loogcr, and stronger, and lass liable to CHiPTEBSTV. " tiEiD 13S EOT 1NTD TEaTTAIION. ' It is a terrible thing to throw one's self il into the nay of temptation, a Isabel BjSe haS done. Knowing that she loved h»id CaBtlemainp- she shoald havei jiept :.tlie, "Kadth oi the world between herself and bat in her rcckles3 desire ior vengeance .-^her mad, passionate desire.tgialfil ber she forgot or utt°rty ignored the danger »«the temptation for herself. «bo had given,' unsought and unasked, tre «iole paseioh&te; love of hei: hearty Lord Ustlemaine. She had hated with insane the beautiful girl who had, as she eon- ™ered, taken his love from her She had J^'Mly-plawd herself under their roof ..'"'he r.nrpose of Eeekmg vcngpance Bat forgot that in eo doing she must suffer Mafeable .pain herself. J* E 'ery kiud and loving word that Loid . - ™ u ™»ine.aadiessed to his wife was hie a her heart She would grow cold, faint when she saw his great solici ™M, 'hia .eaie and attention tot her. Her ™art burned with jealously and envy, inere came a.morning whenia tdamo, ,oold : seemed to sweep the wawntli away Lrmnn.l .. .„,. -Sphere was all damp, the ekics grey ,»"«lowering; the sun had »et in sullen dis ™9«nt j0I l!le dsy) ^ Castlemame „.;„ hl8 wife, trapped in her costly furs, \- e ?B0ttl. Isabel was- with her. ^'Question whoro8r i y B g o w g w a s i i s \- " I am ijoing to Eedmoss," was the prompt and cheerful replj Itedmoss was the nearest town to Neath' A'bbey—a bright, pleasant town by the sea. - '4-'o Bedmossl' he reneated. " With whom are you going darling • " With J abel,' she lep^cd. . : "•How are yon going? I hope yon hare ordCfd tbo brougham?" ;; 1 OS Eadolpb, what a string of questions I No. I have not.; we are gom^ to walk." - •:, Tne. conversation took place n the great" entranoe hall, where Jbord Casliemame met the two Iad.es. He went t<p to his wife, and laid his hand on the fur sheen of her 'jacket., —a mcgoifieent .far!fol; whioh hs had given a fabulous puce—one o£: hiB wedding, presents; to her " This is warm,'lie said." but, Gertrnde, datliog, it cannot shut ont the-damp. You must breathe the-damp air,-in -spite ol>vour' warm furs. Dj-not go out; or if you will'go,; oirder Uig broughim " She cried out impatiently that it woul3 not hurt her, that she had often been out in the. damp, and would have no carnage, ." Sou make me feel like a^ delicate . old woman when you fidget about mo in that wav " She looked up at him with a smile.as 'she spoke, but there-was some little sign of irritation Isabel Hyde stood by, a silent spectator;; < each word, ho eipressivevpf his tender solici- : tude for her beautiful rival, pierced her heart.; I will not ba an old woman yet,; ' repeated' Gertruae. I like you to go out in the frost," said Lord CSstlemame; " that hurts no one. But damp air is quite-another thing." - •; - i "Oh, Badolph," ;cned .Ladv Castlemaine, " youAviIlJuake me impat'ent.' It is not an - old woman you resemble," said IiM-d Gastlemaine. " It is a beautiful white rose. - Now I ask you, Gertrude, how could a fragile white-rose live in this miserable damp'" There flashedupon him the light of two beautiful dark eyes; in whioh love, jam, scorn,": and dispair were all told. " Is all your care -or aolioitude lor white roses?" asked Isabel Hyde; "have red loEea nothing to fear ?" " If vou take my advice yon will not go,".- he said, slowly, do not think it is a fitting dav ioi any lad 4<Fgo .'• out." : : " Still," she continued, "you would not have remonstrated it you had seen; me -going alone " He looked at her somewhat wonderingly,- knowing nothing of the storm of jealousy that tent her heart in twain. Well," lie replied, "you see, .Miss Hyde,, it is not the same 'thing.: I ,: might have", advised you, but I could not interfere with: you." "I may go out and get killed . with, the damp, and you 'would not say one word to me," cried Isabel. Forgive mei but how very impetuous you . ladies are," he said. " I havedispleasedyon, ' Isabel, and half ofiended =Gertrude ;-.yeti can'; -cot imagine why." "Ecu-are over Eolicitousforme" -said Lady Castlemame. " lou'are not solicitious enonghfor-me,'' cried Isabel Hyde, and then seeing tbe-startled look in his eyes, ehe began to laugh, iat no woman ever-langhed with suoh an, «ffort Jieiore^-hervjealoubvhad-iortliejtiiuecar her beyohd herself, ill that loving oare and solicitude for Gertrude—the wind must -not blow too roughly on her, the damp must not come near her ; but whatsdid-he care-fort/ici-jf He was bo anxious and solioitiouB afaout Ger. trude that Tie did not seem to notice whether she were going out or not. But the wonder in His ejea called her to herself. What right, had she to show any jealousy of another woman's huBhsnd. She laughed, but there was little musio ia the laugh. • " While bo maen care and solicitude are to be had," she Baid, " I may as well claim a, v share" You always ihave.it from Tne,Vi6aid Lady"eastlemame;:*' lsStrongly:adCTse, yon" not to walk ,ont this damp, unhealthy day.'; He looked at her fan'dly, and-she Mt that to'have that sense ?of iovmg care ^always over her she would give her life itself " I. shall go," said Lady . Gastlemaine, damp or ' not' damp,'-!: have ,determined to; go to E drnoss, and go I will." - . "I wai not," said Isaberayde. "Lord Castlemaine isqmte right,- the dayisagainst us." After those few kind words and that Knd look, Geitrude oould not have opposed him; so a compromise was- made, md ar.carriage ordered. The incident, trifling as it was, helped Isabel to weave a few more threads in that strong subtile web of hers. * She took. Ii&ay; Gastlemaine to task in ft fashion quite her own. That afternoon, af ihey lingered in the warm cozy boudoir, over a cup oj "delicious tea, she commenoed hpr attack. . , .;. Gertrude;"sheeaid,"youdo not nnder-s Stand j onr husband. 5 ' Hot understand biml" cried Lady Oasllemains " I b g your pardon, I am uitesure 'that 7 I do " -Isabal Hyde shook herAeautifui bead. v • •:;'; ' N >, my dear, you do'not I really beileve,"i 1 '-she"^'-added;?'somewhat a-imprudently,: that i sbotfd understand iim, in ±ime, bet*ei than you-do?' '• Ho ] j alon=y stirred 1-ady Ga tlemaine's. Jrort; she onl thought that Isabel was a little too outEgoken, still she would like to know what WB3 meant. ? ' "~Wh tdojou mean, Isabel? 1 : she asked/ grav=ly. ' is .hi' g io -rnaVa a tragedy about," -she, replied " I *wa-° tnidiing of thiBjnorning. I was so struck bj bia care and solicitude ovar you, nrn-i 7/i-j?i «row impatient AVitli-him. )f " I aril not «1patieat>"s,aia , G(ertwdB; m^h-a eufiden -coat£i!ion,,f I o..n }t, $ui1 ,jnm I. end re to Dei a sed-over and-watchedi Y >u are rigfa' Isabel 1 yw, as yon say, imoitienti without cause' ,c; " I knew b,* once that it was his oare tor you that jnade Urn persist confaunedlsabel. 1 I nav6<jfi"n noticed ihat-whejJie tr esbest to please JOJ j ou nndtrstand him the least?'. "LiSy Cjstlemaiue cou d not explain even lo herself bat something m that moment seemed to rise like a shadow between her tasbanl and herself It waeaot jealousy, as yet that f tf.1. ud terrible passion had~ndt awoke in her heart IS was an intangible so inefh ng - » MhaHo w and flie clearest idea she had aPer the interview was hat sh^did: no' tc 'y understand her hu band, and that; '-ther people could read his <jharacter~fcettBr than phe could She ftlt further away from Jnm that day than she had siase they were married It sva a-miserable day-to J aha, she hSa Voluntarily nlaced herself in temptation, y|t ohe coiila not enaure io see Ij^rd Castlema ee-s passionate love for hi wife iO^ce, a -she ir&B; standing- on the^rand sterca e waiting lo' -someihing that jnaid had gone'"o^nd Sh -saw hu band and wifcm^rtfaHeacoidenlaliy m the haU was in the shadow of the winter afternoon: 1 before lamps were lighted ,Bhe heard 1 •Lsrd &eiVmame;^y "GertrUe>flj^,l| ! tb% ,var She hoard the gently les ' X, ealone naea- sushtcnes r Jhcn ehe sawbitnttla p his wife u h ^ i t e r p c y& ^rface^ithi see. MytfarhM,1m?| beaawtolSffe Iflhalloome andiaye Ji«PPj «f$ea--withyou ' „ M isaM^meaaway^tte^ ®ia'ble^bitie6ri frojn Gertrudes la^e, she^ nldJiSfe aone jMteawpBHhaM it. In her pa sionate, jealous rage, she could have struck dead the man she loved " /as not int temptation 1 " The words jcameto her like-famt rounds .through a mist. In tar heart—that jealous, despair- :ingieart, lu11»f ilove lor ainan who .had never loved Jier=^she;felt capable; in inat imomentiof feny crime-; she eauld have slam that Mt young wife, she could have slam tne man whose dark; hanosomeiace had lured her: -to her doom , She turned aw y. Death would have not* ;,have been so bitter as the pain that rent nerheart. An hour afterwa ds, when Isabel Hyde went, as was her custom, to the warm cozy houdmr where 4he tea awaited-her, Lady Ca tlemaine looked at her-m wonder. , .->> Isabel,' ;:she - cried "3iow ill jyou .look i Yotrlfavc lost all your beautiful cplour. ilou; deserve to lose your nainf *yott are not at all -.jike a Eed Hose—snd you aro trembhng, actually trembling." * _ ..., do not see anything wonderiolin that, .Gertrude;; any one might tremble 'on a cold December afternoon." -.. ".I will give you someiiofc'tea," -said Lady' Castlemaine, " Budolph said he would join as.' He came, looking so handsome, so brave, iso kind, andhis eyes.were so full of admiraition andlove-for Ms safe, :ihat Isabel-could hardly beai it. : : , Miead=UB not into temptation !" Yet ehe had come there purposely -to be- tempted -her-. self, and to tempt others. That dark winter afternooni'as.she'watohed •guileless,, innocent love, the :smiple.happiness, fd husband and wife, she -repeated her vow.; She would^part them;; come what might, cost what It would, she would jart them, ior, ever and aye. « But how waslt'to ha .done ?' Spirits of envy and hatehelpandaidherlHow wasii tot.e( •donev <i CHAPXEE XV. j v-IHE -klKGS iND'(JUEBNS OF-ENSISHD, • : The OhriBtmas week was ended; yet none of-the guests -felt inclined ;to.Ieave Neath, The holiday ha3 been bo plemnt—every variety of old English sport and pastime had been m requisition—oharade parties, balls,private theatricals; they-had almost. turned jiight; into day; -yeti 4he day-was not, Joagienongh. : It was a time never io be forgotten by those who enjoyed it., Ii&dy; Gastlemaine and Miss Hyde tere the two queens; Lady.Gastlemawe young, beautiful, gifted with high spirits, alwave bright, always readr to ewpyeverythmg: to Jts Tallest -extent, was the leader of sths revels. Isabel. Hyde, beantifulvand:- graeefal, tioo. followedher lead, and no one knew of the' shadow of tragedy that hung ovei- her,- or o£ her terrible vow. --" I have been so happy here," she-said, one" morning," that I shall not like going .away.?' " You need not go away, stay until the end of January; I shall be delightedj .and:: I am sure Eudolph will" Her heart ached just * a .little ai- her, own treachery; the fair-face.Jooked- spvsmihngly into hers; the Blue eyes were so clt-ar ann guileless', the invitation had beenEosordi.illy giyent Yet Bhe-knew;that-her.oniy,;objrctiin stopping with4hem .w6Sj that shejaiglit work; her cruel will and part them. "Good 'mpulses; came toler at times and pleaded for tacrn— pleaded to iier-to gs away-and leavej^haofc;: to-put 3iora-iCasfiemaine'oufe-of her 3ite-^.to?batrue to the .beautiful woman whom'jshe . called: iriend. . What harm had they d ne to her ? L dy Castlemame had not:taken'Jier;loye:irom her, by treachery.-; neitheriad thei-earl Jbeen her; lover,iorsthe love-was all- on:her.side, not^n- his' he had never even been conscious of it There were times even now when she almost, wished that she had let him .see. how ®?uch. she loved him; and yet she would have lowered her own self respect, and lowered it m vain, for from the moment he beheld Ger • trade he hadaeither eyes nor ears for any one dse. "I do not think,"'shesaid to herself, bitterly, 'Vthat if I had :gon% on my knees'to h:m, to pray of him to marry^me •; -that-if I had been as beautiful as Venus, and descended -like a : queen, that he would have married There were: times when she gave herself up to wondering -over , the.-,strange;;problems ;of lifer, as ^o*why^t-wasithat^he,vwho,conld; have been BO happy,- should find -the whole world so dark and dreary because.the love of : her life was given io : one who did not love her. 'She never reminded herself that it was her ownfault—that .ehehadjoluntarily-and TvilUnHv-encoai&geti; thatlove to.gtow-m.iier heartf knowing it;to be useless; thatjshe bad given'-free rein to a passion that should have; been crushed at th« first. She blamed Providence, circumstances, fate, chance—any and everything, except herself. Of all the impulses that came to her, of all the good thoughts and the had thoughts r none were strong enough to cause her to falter 1 in her purpose- Her purpose-in life was to'separate husljapdand wife—to Inllth^ great love that lay between them, and put hate m its jilaw ...She •.: worked •persevcringly *uand industry? ously ;Ehe:neyer ailowedtlieslighteat chance to "piss If she could possibly make-.iiord .-Sastlemame:=impatient withf his swifej if: shetoonld Irritate him against her, if she could-rouEe obstinate elf-will that >was so strong within him, she would he happy. If, by -eorne laughing taunt, -some sharp •-cynical, jemarkj sheittsould ronse..Gertrude's pride against her husband, 6he"felt one degree nearer victory. "Set at was all done with such «kill, such craft, such subtler that it wae 'mpossib^e tot her to be deteoied, \- i- She never lost one chance. One morning Lord :and lady.Oastleiaaine, Miss H de, and several -other -visitots, were togcther^nd wore discusftingiflblea'uisivivants. fortheevemngj, - ~ a /t'-iiet- tis^have -one ;tableauifrom:that-imost' pictjiree^ue period pf English history, the reignof Henry the "Eighth, -sai&IiRdy; Gasfle, maine She turned to her "husband with® smije "Which ol all-fimg"Henr/fl wives do yon-pieler J' ^he asked He was silent for a lew-nunntep thenJhe replied .Catharine of firagon" "And I," ehe said, "prefer Anne3oleyni I do not believe -any of the Scandals about her. -She -was a beautiful, ahhappy woman Anne B leyn jb one oi mj- iavonteieromea in hiB^ory,." i ' There isone thing-about her -that I can; never understand, said Isabel Hyae "audit is hop the kmg could hate ier -so deeply Ufter lovmg her so much " There <y<Ju touch apon a strange metaphyseal question^ said fitrd Castlemame "It iB said ihat love turned.n hate is the \- moBt;bitterSiate..oI :&il.; ! ^ ' I cannot imagine -hating any one who baa been dearly loved, 1 " -cried Xiady Castle'' mame ' lean' jnterrupteB^sabel ''* ^agreewjth Iiord-Gafetlemarae, love turned toiatels the inost'hitter hate ol all. " Ton remember said lord -Castlemame, "that moatexjircBsivelufl'e ' Hell knows up; -faV like a ™ n ^cornea Hetoke'qu tesncbns-ionsly, jno^hihfang 4 all of Miss Hyde h m one clanee-it said-®omuch that^f toy ohp^ad r e t e a it fliaUerson mnst hate under stood Repositions a ^ l a n c e . J 1 iove turnedlp-hatp, pfehedliady%ptle mame, ' the^e^^-rery^Dftorfnl«ne ^ nder jiiheie 5s-Much^aVt-ed lose^in^ha jl^uite^re^Jh^,^ (IMlfiimMiMiW ,.i > Wm >' You :muet sread: Evangeline:" said Lord" Castlemame, and see what iiangfellow says about wasted sff«ctions He -declares that aftection never is TCg&ted.;" •• ; "I; do .not believfi;"^aidasabel Hyde.lvthat l he-could proveiis words But we are goinc a long way from Anne Boieyn Tou would liiea»pietuieiroro:--that -mosttrou'olea^ime,' Lord Castlemame'" " Te»," he said, " I haveo f ten thought how; interesting a- ^series oi h'-tor-ca tableaux, 1 wonld.be—one taken, from cach teign. It-: wonld hc-interestmg ana amusing *' ': "-YouwooldbeEuig Henry.,' --said Isabel;- hut, Lord Castlemame, you do not look the-: part. Emg Henry was fair, and florid, and stout-; jon are daxk,snd—and—I was going' to add handsome., hu 1 " I must not say that.' She added in her own mnd that he thad indeed the grand, dark fceau y that pie tares give -to Spanish Sings,-und her eyes toldi 1 her thoughts plainly. " It' mb . have', that tableaux," $aid Lady Castlemame,»I should hke to he Anne Boleyn am sure I could act a cha^actcr that is; familiar to me, and one that I uke " "And I," said Miss Hycc, "should like to be Gatherme of Afragon." "She- was old«r>dplain,"sInterruptedLndy Castlemame. She was his wife," iephed Isabel, " he; loved her first and ibest ; he loved her .well{ and faithfully—for how man ears ?" "Heloved Aline.Boleyn.more in the few years of. his wooingimd his marriage, than he; idid Catherine, spreading his love over all-, those years." " J wonder," said Isabel, •" which of hisj wives ie reslly loved the best JUach c^c seemed to-have separate and different charac-" tensties. Catherine was 'every inch a queen,' a royal lady, irue'to God, andto^nty. What she mMt have Euiiered 'when slie found-her huEband'isiove gomg from nerto onesoiyoung: andtseautifulas Anne—the tortures ofjealousy, .the-iears and Siherdoubts. I steroid fiay . ihat no wo"man ever-sufferedmore::' "iViojw not," saidliord Castlemaine. ." Then,"- continued Isabel, ":eomeS :yonr vourite, Lady Castlema'ne. Her one: characteristic seems to haye ten her bright, wondeihil beauty—her laughing, coquettish, nature, iiut what a Bhori-hved tnamnh l: While the Jang wooed :Jane: S6ymour, . how. she must have Bnffered'!3n::her.sturn all:,the; agonies:that.she,inflicted on .Gatheruie 1'.':; *' JaneSeymourmuBt havebeenvery.beantiiul" paid Lady Cast'emaine, t 'Shewas young, fresh^and fair, history lyfl. I should think she was shrewd and calculating. Sh4 had seen a queen deposed to make room for-Anna -B aieyn;' and- she xe^ •solved that Anne Bnould bs deposed for her- X db;not:ttink t\iac I esre mneii for her.-; a colourless character,-! think." •: --. > - • - ;•..•; .', ; Tnen comes a .character whom no one loves—a character without romaace or poetry —Anne of Clevos. I have often wondered where Clcves i " " She walked in and walked out of history," langhed ls&bel; .Hyde;..." Toen coraes a -,wi£e for~whom I nave always felt greatest sorrow,, sympathy; and pity^-fhat ,pretty; wilful child, Catherine Howard; she was but a.child. I- was reading somEwhere.sthe other'day, :that the v night beforesher iosecution her .ones .were' eo'temble and eo appallingy Ctiat strong ruen •who heard them trem¥e3 " I wonder?' criedLady Castlemaine, " that thesvhole-nafcion did.-nDt Tiaeaipto^imanand' »tear thainrn-jler from h3a tBronfe—Tliat i thB" .most-.wonderfilpartTDliiiS'Histo-ytome—that he was allowed to live." Then comes the la 1i wife of til, Catherine Parr. I- always thinir- of: her S,as a..:mother!y woman, .dressed<in graytir lirown, and much -givento serious reading: 1 -'-' :?"•::•: : • •-• " Jferhaps on his dea f h bed," said Lady Ca.stlemame,v" he .saw ine .ghosts -of ;ins dead; wives—Catherine, whom he tortured to death by breaking her heart ; poor murdered Anno Boleyn; Catherine Ho ward, -Blain m her early youth ; vJane: Ssymour}. whom-'he "forgot -as soon as she was dead. Kotv, which of these wives did he lore best' " ' Catl-.aiine of Avragon—there can be no doubt of it," said Lord Castlemaine " She wasthe love of his hfe^?icy , wire but thelovesof, an hour." " Do jc^ think a man ever has two loves in. his life?-" asked Isabel Hydefand she looked: with a <ilear, stra.ghi glance Into the earl's "No," was the prompt reply;; "every ma a has'Onelove.thatis^Boveall othergyandwhieh; is never repeated-;-" and hei'in his turn, look/ mg.at.his boautifulyoung-wi£e,:seemed to say,; " Such love as is mice for you " This did.iiot please Isabel? vAo: could read 'his'thccghts-3i!!:plainl5 .as she souldftear. -the ontspokenwordBof others. jS'ae turned tiieconvereat<on back to itsown channel. " I wonder," fhe Eaid, slowly," wnatpeop ie would,do jn thesejdays af an Enghsh king be^ haved in sucha way." " They -would give him short shrift," sail Lord Ca«tlemaine,.qu>ckly. " Bnghehmen in these days would not stand by in silence, while a young andbsauh-; -ful queen wa beheaded," said Lady Ca tlemaine. " People would soon begin to want tD know^ore ol the divine right oi kings. 11 " If-we have the tableau," intferruptcdTsabel Hyde, promise me that 4 shall lie the wife the. fang loved best, Catharine of Aracen " r - "IWiUsee to that," laughed Lord Castle maine; and "Lacy Cistlcmaine smiled bs she said. 1 " If the poor Queen Catherine baS been one hali so fair as you, there nould have been AnneBoleyn. , ^jCHAETBS ZVi. ^CflE HIWE flOESNS. Never had the grand old abbey of ifcath been filled hy such a crowd as that assembled there'durinjg the Erst weak of the new^ear. It war.a -dream of fairy landy a ^flream jif delight. - ' The n'ght that every eBe-enjoyed the most was the one devoted to tablea-x vivants It was th° crown of all other -fesiivit cs The old abbey was brightly illuminated The light -from ihe num» ou windowfl streamed out in great ruddy -floods on^the white hard ground 'Ihe lights "were so hnlhant that they could he S6n -faraway The abbey -was crowded wtl guests Irom Jar and tneftr, ihe -neighbours who had ariven jhere caring little lor the-cold of -the-sranters Sight, "oaring little -io* the Jroet and the *now Bamor ha3 been 'i>u°y, and mach had-heen said about the Jjeanty and magmfi snee®!ihe tableaux, of the .raie Jovehnesb m theladias who had to-take jait n^hem Notatt nw tation as fefnsed despite the -dieaavaatsge of "Wind and weather The tableau? wps to is held in what was atioa a mag&iGeent; baByaetin^ loom 'n the daya when the CMemaiiiee entertained lue Snngs anil ^uteens of r-EcglanS A more moaem and ^miller din.ng ->-ooin has long «nee teen arailt Hud tie oia. Ijanqu't hall was nsed as a hall loom or 3or, private theatricals 3. -j - jt an. lnvaluawe loom jat Cbristmas tome, jorai wouia hold hftU the residents o£ the county '"Such a worn to oance an 1 There wa jio <other like it 3ut to night M •prsBenta '6 i^ui 1 ch\o icatbreF. fhiiLis ik^i. •withcrim&oscniiainBbetorB; itj^ow a^tei. low, •'of cas> t,jsirc and \elid coNcrul 1 nchc=, there ^e ma n "je-* -MU'i i 0 - c « and <3briBtoas eyergreena „£he .gnBat chanli. Lt, liiojrh brilliant f- I .nd 1 ,i] guch &n; audience ava ^fflhered together^ all -the anstocraoy fors-amles . • Sjady.'<3astl6mame rcceivediher.iguests^theh went :awayJ;o prepare for the tableaux. -She was/ as usual; the moBt heautifulandgraceful hostess, who had a smile and kind word for all Ey£ry.;-one-8greed.ihat.-±he«rrangements msxa smosfr;perfect; taiothing xionld,.have;beeii. better.' ,w£ata:lov£lymixtm'6-®f choice hothouse flowers and'evergreens 1 - The stage-waB afllarge-aa'that otsny theatre. -. - The seats were, all so comfortable and £0 well arrauged, inere was nothing hut praise and aamincg comment : Lady Castieuiame leoked -especially loyely. •;on}that:'occa6iopi'',-Sae,,wore. a;.Buperb 7 -;.drees: of white satin, exquisitely trimmed eprays of mi-tletoe. She Tvore the famon^ Gastlemaine diamonds^ ana in the .land there;; were:Eone:£ner; ;she looked:iegal andbeaati-:; ful, and&H;^yes followed her.admlrmgly:- ^JlieSeriesottableaiix had heensfostheatiti-; fa'ly Arranged, r'o expense and no troublehaa. been spared. Tne first was from M Uai ; '••L°a Huguenots,' that most pathetic of all. pictures, where the Catholic maiden implore:: \- ier jtyotestant lover to tie the white hand kerchief round his arm, that he may behaved, from the massacre, but he will not, not even, to save hia -own lite will he weqr lor,-one; moment the emblem of a faith which' he scorns. , ...„ . At;.;firstt;Iiord.':Cas'tlemame..»nd : -5sabelJhaa ?been called-upon-to ;;take-Jthe two -characters-,- -but =at, the "-rehearsals at :was ;.deoidedrr- tihat- Xsabd waB too .aarkjKtbat the girl should -be represented by«ne who contrasted wittehiiri", sone ivho.was -YCry.fairmnd had golden fagnK* Lady -Gastlemaine. - 'Evfiry-'.iiije -pronouncedit to be a perfect picture—the fair comeliness ;;of >the. girt'contrastingnwifh-the dark, proud beauty sofihe.man^ihe-implormg,beseeching.; prayer on-herjface,4hef:grim resolve on his; f\ It was a lovely picture; and when the curtain fell there was great applause. v Lady Castlemaine trembled. , ?'EudoIph,V< -Ehe;-said, Vi did not know, that ' one'Buwhole soul went mto. these -pic : .tures-; mine d:d. P.-udoIpb, if you h;=d been that-Hnguenot- lover,: you wcuidihave let m;; tie the eoarf round your arm, would you aotS"^ He eanght .her . in his arms jast lor one> •moment, .and kissed her -with; deepesate p&e-; ; n. »«I wonldhave done muob for.-you, darling,"; he said; .'SI .am .-not, sure, though, whethei* 1 could have done thpt " would have made you,'.' she-said. •> ; She raised Uer fair face to his and kissed him. There could be no mistake about the passionate love that husband and wita had. lor each other,, - Isabel's vow was not near its fulfillment yet. ' . Then . followed a jscene from " i'airat and ;"Marguerite," beautifully arranged and iughly ; applauded,, which ..waB sfolIowedhy a picture: feom " The Jjsd of Lypne"—Claude Melnotte and Pauline. JPaulme was one of the young lad visitors. Then came the Jour tableaux that Lord. CastlemalnBhaUarranged, and which many had, comei:cspecie31y -.tp ^see. -.TheifirBt -wa's: King Henry tne Eighth and his wife, Catharine of Arragon He wore his royal robes; and a magnificent ..king he made, yufeen Catharine, in a superb diess of velvet and ijrmine, ;a-'erown :of diamonds on her dark hair, stood by his side. Jle was seated 5 she stood, with one hand en -his -shoulder, as thoagh -pleading with him, § '^Sr^'-iiielrajjupen l'"In her"whole E£iP:. ilaabel Hyde had -ceyer rlooke3 bo royal, £0 - bsautiful'l;Herdress:snited:iier;toperfection;"' the sweeping- velvet,-;'fce ;rich. ertame, the royaLcrown. " ^ : - j Art could not thaye -.lent- that-:-rapt, loving. expreBsion-toier "face. : Her^-eyea, as they rea- •ted on ihe -fang, were luminous with love; expressed wifely devotion, womanly tenderness, ipaerfonate Sove;,and yet, althoughihey said go much,'hey did not itell ! one-half of what lay m tier heart. A beautiful picture, intended to represent the home life of the Ein£. and Q jeen^Catahenne. ' Muchio young lor the part," 'was the general comment, " but howmost exquisitely; beantifnll "What a'&^e 1 what a figure 1" But the praise and "the homage -were less, ithan.aoth^igitaheriFaUBhe.oared-to see was one flash of admiration jand love m the eyes, of Lord Castlemame. She did not see it, and her own y:ew the brighter for their wistful longing The curtains fell amid loud and sincere spplaute. Before any one had time iojuome upon the stage, -J.sahel-iurned- to . leave; "with a quickflasket her dark eye". " You should try to look BS though you loved me, at least when we are on the stage together,"sha^aidiaandibeforeieHoonld-igiv®'; her answer she wa gone , iheirue meaning of her words did not' stnke.him^Eha waB-not.^uite like the ordi-. nary run of yonng ladieB, -and-he must make: allowances He laughed as she disappeared,, but he would not have laughed had he known what 'wasm her .heart. jTnencame. a beautiful picture, -A Btory is told in legend, not in history, how Queen Catherine,"going suddenly into ;her drawing;: room, found- theifkiug on hiE -kneeB-xbelofe . Anne .Boleyn;; Neither -ol sthem -knew ;oi .her entrance, and the kmg vent on with Ms passional, Joying "Words tlhis was the-sccond tableau of ""the series:?,, some thought it the most beautiful, the knee I- s £fflg1Mng%lfli^all'.the.^BBsion:o£3iiBheaTt;ana seulnnmsfftce, AnneBoleyn with theiigTit; fuEon herloyely features,-on "her fair hair, her^leaming-'jewelssand-pioturesque^dreSBr-^- "4he v expression i of!her:&6e<so:sweet,';so -yield-, "ug, eo loving. ^ There stood the angry queen, and, for -once an "her life, Isabel Hyde allowed her whole nature to sosafein tar feoe. Passionate love, :-pBssionate.anger;^assionate;deBpmr..;-were'^all.; theie, A feee th'at wsb at^nceieautiful, yet] terrible-, -t he-love-of a life-t me, -the love that woald^either'cBnnt costnor crimsrwas 4heroy: there also wa the pa sionate anger, rage,an|l5 •despair, more bitter than death. ; tA-EileDc-e'ihaicTraE more imprassive applau e ipllowed. The terrible passioiSon that dark, tragic -face could not £0 shaken off * :f" The third tableaux was taken.'Strom thJ scene known m history where A&neBeleyngl; fconreigmpg ^Ueen^Bntia the Inug-embracing; lad 1 -iba+'her doom la sealed feg 43idy Cast'emaine commanded nmversalj attention, ihere was the^ameexpressioninj ier fete ihEinnpressetltfaB andiencein Quee»« Catherine's pasEiohafe love end •despair The lou'th and la t tableaux was beautiful iandliaple SjAnne 4n he Tcell th|:, nightlbefore'SiBr ex^c.utian—^a jjictaretif un-5 «peaksble lovelmesa ana pathos The Jquee a; malong white lobe herJbairi lag like a veilj ovc-"her-shouiaers ineQing^eforesaAable pni which xesteS'thfe poitrait ^of iheT.ibg<\- Tfafl she thinking of'-his'-wild puremt oilifr, jo£3iie argent 1 se of ins" 1 worship 4fiher4>eau y? How ofJen the hettTivifulheha<tffatto motaW, :woul&>e'low sn^he^lsS%a3 on hislireastfl Was^henronderiog ioAer=df how he could Slay hei,-Swhenie%ad3ovpa her; soyeur" I ^ X ' B Those who aw the picture ieyer large} it.- Whenihe curtains fell, SndTiadyGaslilemBlne| aipg"" iose from^erineeSj^lil 1 ^ "f -X^fJ-aNIF^ was Jialp andticemb- Stuaoloh, 3 -she «ne3, "a shaSow hf^j fallen over me I wiffi^i^not JprnsU U -theetableaux 'lamnotAuneuoltyn 1 am Gerhn3e Oa stlemaine wouia mbtiel^ me^yenpil too& <Ch"ajpeoj5e«E^ he^ ^id^'^ou %oulcl forgive'sn" -s,nd lo e -al ay .^to We.fini'i'^ee how'tny^ands. tremblef^aua 'itiy Jisari W srown ^01® N'urhsiipr could part.u^ could-it.-Jtii'lo'jjh i - " T ^W^a&ng;^^rtep 5163 Ikissmg^lte ISP mig She drank it, but the oolour did not come; ba^k to her face. ; "X 'caimot thmk;" Bhe Baid," what is the matter with ine. As J. knelt there such a strange feeling came over me, as though what I was doing thSagras some faint .'foreshadow-^ tog-of what some day or other wonld happen tonier' He kissed tbe «weet lips, that trembled «till. " Eudolph," she cried, -" do -vcu think; I- ehall-ever -kneel before your -pictured ;iaoe, with toy heart-broken air loosing you ?' - . _.: " No," he sa.d " Gertrude darlmg, I will never have another tableaux in the house if they effect vou in this fashion." Then Isabel came to them. " We are not only rival roEee," ehe; said, laughingly, " but we aie rival queen 0 ,'- Ger- " C Ttrnde has made herself ill by givingher rhole heart to the performances." " lam quite eure,"" sa i d Lad Ca tlemaine, }< 'tbat.I-shffl^fed,:fa1l3night;, as- thongh the soB&ld; wa waiting for me in the morn- And ':• although she did her that feeling remained witE her during the est of that brilliant evening. " I want to Epeak ju«t one woid to you, L i-d Cast'emaine, before you give up your kingBhip.- :TelIme once agam,.thatImay re-"; member, which of tnese wivcB ofyonrp flia you.; Iov«jbest?" / I-alle' I'.^n met him, ;as it seemed,. quite: by accident m-ine- narrow-passage jeadms to the . : dres£inf;-room—mot him and etood still before him, holding ;his eves, - as it were, with hc-r own, while she asked hira'.fha question. He was half startled for one minute, then he answered ^ " Gathanre, to ha sure " "Then I fem glad I was Catharine-slighted, ' desmsed, and repudiated as she ;was, I am. glad -that ! was -Catharme. I'have been -queen ' to vour king—I shall remember that." .. . . . A vague thought .that the lacie?,-some of themi must be on the point- of insanity, came ..over- -Iiord Casilemaine's micd, b'jt- -he a:smissed it." He was cievor ana keen, f'.rid the; strange thing was that he had no idea, not •the famtest- suspicionithat-Jsafael -.Hyde.was.: or had been m love Willi him. CHAPTER STIT -: THE "iimts on god. • Moat young married people take some time I to understand each other, to fall into each jother's ways, :to learn to forobeav,: to: - be ,; patient with each, other's faults. Lord and •Lady Castlemaine.were no. exception to; ihe ^ pfceral rule: Tcev had differences of-opinson.; :: Theia^ar.il. ialtbcuah'he spoke at-times im- -; ;paUemlv-to : his- wi?e.:lovedi;her .passionately.: • Ladv CiEtli'mairp, although at 'umes iwant--; ing in patii.nee and kindneEs, had -the same' gie c t devotion for he* husband. They qcarrclled ^sometimes; they differed; mcpn.on tb y altered a few sharp, hasty, •.voids; then they'iissed-.and-«.made .iriends,-. •ju- t Hke-otlier -'h-ViEbatids and "wives. •--'They ' : were perfecilv bappy/m-'.their •marned-juferT-; br.ppy - m tno- present; and,-hopeful ;for -the: futu r e L wa Ec?rl the end of January before thegay pas ty r.ssembkd at- - Neath-. Abhev dispersed , ard up fo that time Isabel Hyde had made no progrcsBTriihthe fulfillment of her vow. NSbc wa if possible, 'more deeply -in : love with L rd Castlemaine than ever. The ^Sr^elti%lohrsaylienjlon We 1 stagey shehad acted the partolln 1 " wife, had Bone her inca'eulable harm. Shebeen, ed never to for- ; get tl_e event,audit Jsdhemto a Jia'f fami-, diar .kind 'ofi' manner ^-with.-him that would : have - araused: -tbe : nealousy;;;of . some - wives; but Lady Ca-tlemame never seemed to notice: it. ' :'i'iiey "were: ioth- grieyed to parfc.with her;; they h d begged her to stay longer with them, but she had answered, laughingly * " I mu t go sometime; I cannot stay always I cannot live with you, but I would if I coula.' ' .The only 0 mfort is that we shall see on m town. We are going eprly. Peihaps Lady. CresEon^wilMet .you-.come.to:;us-forta; Jew week then?' , "That -would be delightful 1" said Isabel Hvde, with a smile: that was, so much Greek to Lady Ca tlemaine. Thecarr.age wa at the door, the white sno-v lay frozen on thi ground, the robinredbreasts .flitted aboutron ithe: bare houghs v: the sky wa olue and cltiudlcss, and the wind sougl ed around thegiand old walls—p.bright, beautiful winter's day. Lord Ga tlemaine was going to drive Miss Hyde to Eadmoss station; Other guests had Jbeen-.driTen*.by tbe -ooaohmanj'Jbnf «he-iiadf looked m her ho t's face "when themanner "and'time:of-her.going..was:mentionedi .;; "Yon will drive me? ' -she said "How man happy rides and drives I have had wita ou 1 and this will be the la 11" " Tne la=t for a time,"he replied. Ihopewe shall often ride togethei m Londbn " "Do you really hope that ?" she asked. " Assuredly 1 do,' was the reply, in a tone of wonder They all three stood on the -drive; the -horses were impatiently pawing the ground. L rd C stlemaine went to the carnage to s°e if the mga w e all rjcfct, and the two bsajt'tul women stood alone for a few minutes Ca tiers 0 - ne bad thrown a 'ar cloak ov.r her shouidcrr, yet she shud dered s the -wind Hew " " :'vram.f4raid,'-'-6h3:»aid^Hatyoui.wiUliav6,; a dulljoi,mcy , it i=So very old." " I am quite sure of that, 1 ' «a d Isabel. " 1-s •should be dulUat leaving yon. if It wereihe. ;bfightestsday'fm'i€ummer,.-,:-Iv^.onQer.3!5&atl; kind of season it will he, a brilliant one, I- Jt^s'suieito.heilVeaidrLsay.-.CaEllemEine. "We shall not bs jiyal 10 es this year," sa^d losbei "_You can never again be a rival, 70U arc(v«cton W t -T " W'o sbalmot be uvals"; *ve never were in tfcatscr-Fe cS^heimora~ T Aei, -joii will not 1 *iGT.git one itSsig—Chat yon nave called me f tie Jo ? ' I Jhall spt lo get it," sle replied with a nee liar enui e j , -3?uc pi D'ea6Ui.e lo me tS Ihe coming sea an s tfr-i I shall see tou again, ^aid; "tiaa-" Ci £1 mame aa -she "k =eodine face of; he girl lha was to i r-ng -eucii unutterable woei her And -E -w th a lass aslae -ap She 3a S -of. 'Ju ?f they parted That eve jig over her drcs mg room file C^rt ude/yitu her hu "hud, discussed Isabel S ie seam 1 ; to-ycry jncch attaches ton 's <s il Lady Ga ilemame * 1 iMnk myself im ie Jorlu te m having found such a friend You h?ie-known her E ne i mo 'Huao'ph ; lisiw IS it you did not fall m love with her ? j " II 1 he j plfd easily >&h; my<3-ertrude' Bhe is Iran 1 ulanicleve' but-sheia not the wle of? iril should fafeve loved lou a e my nj^aily a ye- and I am evemmors your lover -iffian I <waa on Bur wedding day Tou are jsttfi alwa\B must be, ihe ong Only woman in ufche sworldSowme; -As fiertrofe kisseti theijS that had uttered: •such^lovmg words ,she thought hei eii the mo tl rtu ate^3 •weUa«lho"hsppi 0 stiffDman u the world ) If IheJstars thaj shuse-aWe u0 and hear so 'ciMiy vows, ceuia"lmt-telll"OW often ihey arei f-rnatbe aud haw alien they are lirakenl If iheijfectanflTiate could JelHhey wBmade-unde _ " tLi].!'. tiipy jnust h 1 iJi-nBH-J—tnd thcyja^r muaMau^h -at such leyera' peqqries haw, 'often tms loveos-chaoged or vdea^ before ihe Jlea^ea %ndJfche green -opmeB round ; m^i- - r HHiA While husband and wife so discussed her, . ; Isabel Hyde wasjn^her .own room at. Holme - Seat on, where sfiewas staying with her aunt . , Lady Cresson, and Bhe was face to face-with- . alauure, a complete and perfeot failure. 'i'he last thing she had seen at Keath Abbey was how Lord,Castlemaine, aftei he had ar ranged her rugs anct' had made ijgf ^uito . comfortable, hastened from the -carnoge. to •-- ;', where.bis wife stood, wrapped :lnr her fur . • '; cloak. How han^Bome he looked Btandmg therein, - the winter sunshine; his dark face all aglow with love I L>ttle heeding any lookers on, he took Gertrude in his aims and kissed her. "Good-by, my darling 1" he said. "Ishall not bo gone long " As they drove away, to the la»t his e es lingered on her;^snd when they:conld see her no longer, he began 10 talk about her, aa& •eyeryTvord.that he uttered wasinlovingprai.se, • of her. •Isabel Hyde had to listen and: respond. . Most people would have been quite daunted. She -was going away; it was uncertain, td-BW the least of it, when they would meet again,. andheliad no thought for her; his heartand mind were full of his wife. "Even at the- railroad station,-when he had /. arranged her travelling rags, seen that she iad the most comfortable a eat in a first-class , .car, whenhe brought papers and periodicals .:. •to amuse her durmg the jo'nrney; when he had shaken hands with her and had bidden her, good-ljiy, she cO®d tell that his thoughts were still with Gertrude; for he came/back to her -. just as the tram was. starting—not, as ehe - fondly imagined, to speak a lew kind words io her, a last farewell, but to say: . " Do you think Gertrude is looking aa well as she did in town ?" Her patience gave way as she answered: " Yes, I think ehe looks as well as it iB s. possible for her to look." But if she-intended her answer 1 to be sar.r ; •:. • : castic, her sarcasm was all lost, entirely lost ;. on Lord Castlemame, m whose eyes his ;wife always looked beautiful. - Then the train went on its .way, and soon; left Heath Abbey fai behind.* Isabel went with a sense -ol failure; and now, as she sat m her room alone, She was. face to face with the knowledge that although - : she had brought all the power of her mind to - ; bear on her pnrpose—that cf making: mis- - chief between husbandand wife, and of nltimately parting them, she had ignomimottdy failed. She'sai for some time in silence; then she . olenohedlier white hands. 