?*;i; ,;toe; - ''ctoiiytelleii. Sentenced to Siberia. : ; [From 'London SooiETy.'] \- 'Siberia? I have had five-and-twenty . . ..years in Siberia.1 *.?',' ?, So said my fellow-passenger. Wo : were on board a Petersburg and Hull ???? 'steamer ; wo were passing down the Gulf ' of Finland, and the low : fortifications of Oronstadt were growing more, and more indistinct in thn \-- distance Wo woro sitting on deck, .-??-? he and I, each with the fraternal pipo ?' .in his mouth, and were getting through the preliminary Btages of aequaint ; anceship-making. Passengers are few and far between on theso liners, and '? : one has to make the most one may of ; Bubh.aB the godB think well to send. Plainly, this Bmoking companion of mine did not spring from the educated classes. His was not a refined face ; though, so far as tho pock-marks, with which it was liberally tattooed, would permit one to see, it was an intelligent and' not an unkindly one. Ho was unusually big and strongly built, and though in the downhill of life, would still have been an ugly opponent in a tussle. His dress, a:id personal appear ance generally, indicatod the woll-to-do man. Even to those who know somo: thing of Western Russia, 'Siberia' has an awful and mysterious Bound, and the experiences of one who had spent a quarter of a ceutury in the Czar's great prison-house must be worth the hearing. I proposed to myself to cultivate my big acquaintance. Had he, I asked, seen anything of convict life ? He was of opinion that a man could not well live where he had lived without seeing something of it. Was that lifo as dreadful as English novel-writers represented it, and as English people generally supposed it to be ? My fellow passenger was no reader of novels, and had been too long from home to know whatEnglishpeople generally thought ; but he could tell me a thing or two that had come under his own notice, and I might judge for myself. Nothing I assured him, would give me greater pleasure than to listen. ' I am a Lancashire man,' said my big friend, ' and 1 rose from the rauke. I began life much as other mill-hands do ; but my head was bet the right way on my shoulders, and 1 got to be an overlooker. JFive-and-twenty years ago, when the great English firm, whose operations extend over many parts of ilussia, started a cotton mill at Ekaterinburg, I was offered a post as manager. Ekaterinburg is, as I dare say you know, on the Siberian side of tho 'Ural Mountains, and in the heart of the government mining dis tricts. A man thinks twice beforo ho transports himself and his family to such a place, but I had made up my mind ? to get on, aud this was a good chance to one in my position. ' I was not disappointed. I looked well after the mill, and it prospered. Wo north-country operatives are a thrifty folk, and like living in a plain way. 1 saved monoy ; and as it was tho policy of our firm to keep me in my post, and to give me a personal interest in the undertaking, I was allowed to invest my fow hundreds of roubles hi the mill. ' These common-place particulars about my own affairs can havo very little interest for you, sir, I only toll them because otherwise you would scarcely understand what has to fol low. ' Ono evening, late in our short Eussian summer, when tho long days were fast drawing in, we were in our family sitting-room, I engaged with same of the mill accounts, and my wife with her sewing, when Lottie, our oldest daughter, rushed in, and, with out a word, fainted right away on the floor. 'This did not more frighten my wife and myself, than it surprised us, for Lottie was a sensible girl, and had never given way to any hysterical fancies before. We knew that it must have taken a good deal-to upset her in that way, and as soon as we had con trived to bring her round, we made her toll us what had been the matter. ' It seemed that she had been alono her room, when, turning suddenly towards the window, she became aware of a face pressed closely against the glass and glaring at her. What the face was like she was unable to de scribe, but it appeared too ugly and horrible for a human being. If it could have been called that of a man or woman, she said, she should not have been so frightened. 1 1 went out and looked round the house. Nothing »vas to be seen. We knew Lottie to be a sensible girl, but we inclined to think that her fancy must have her played a trick for once. 'After a timo my wife left the room to see about our supper. My wife (she has been dead now for nine years) had as strong nerves as any woman as I ever knew — nothing ever seemed to knock her of£ her balance. Well, she came' back in a minute or two, '.and beckoned me to the door. She was calm enough, but I could see by her face that something was wrong. She would not say what she had to say before the girl for fear of frighten ing her again. Fo she whispered to me outside, ' Lottie must have been right, there is something about. When I opened the door of the Madovoi/'' (the larder, that is) 'I heard something at the window. Whatever it may have been it took the alarm, and did not let me see it ; but it has left its mark on the lattice,' 'I followed her silently to the kladovoy. All was now quiet there. [ examined the fortoehha — as in Euss we call the little window of such a place. In summer time its glass casement was removed, and it was now only protected by a lattice o£ crossed strips or hr-wood. J hese strips were slightly bont, if some one had tried to force them out, and thus to gain entrance. Tho fortoehha was about largo enough to havo admitted the body of a man. 'Nothing was to be seen by looking out ; for though a reasonable amount of twilight still remained, it was only enough to show things with any dis Btinctno-s in the open, and I had sheltered tho back of our house by planting a number of young fir trees. I whispered to my wife that sho should go back to Lottie, and that I would stay where I was for a bit, and and see whether the robber — if it was a robber — would come again. It was scarcely to he called late, yet it was too lato for any of our mill people to be about, and they were our only neighbours. Indeed, we had no near neighbours. My house, and one adjoining it (intended, for another employe, but at that- time unoccupied), stood partly botween tho high wooden fence which enclosed the mill ; that is, their backs opened into the enclosure (tho dvor, as we call it), whilst thair fronts looked on a public thoroughfare. Thus our back premises were strictly private after tho gates to the mill ; had been closed,- and the person — if itjwas a person — who had got to the windows must either have secreted himself within the dvor, or have gained access to it in some improper manner. Now however, all was still as could be. : ' Down I sat, to watch, close by the door of the Icladovoy. I chose a dark corner, and one where, in the dusk, it would have beeu a hard matter to see, but I had a full viow oi..tliO:l:itticp. 1 waited till my patience was begin ning to wear out, and thon fancied that I heard some slight sound outside under the fortochha. It was so slight that at first I was not sure whother it might not be merely fan cy- but after a little pause I heard it again louder and more distinctly. I sat still as a mouse and kept a sharp look-out. 'Slowly and gradually something raised itself before the opening. It was a head ; but in the uncertain light I could not say whether it was a human head or that of some brute creature Whichever it might be, I could see enough of it to know that it was such a wild, haggard, unearthly looking thing as I had ever looked upon before. A quantity of shaggy hair was hanging about it, and its only features to speak of seemed to be eyes. Eyes it had past all mistake. Never did I see anything like the way in which it glared at our good provisions within. I have seen what a famished wolf looks like, and I should hardly think a famished wolf worth comparing with that creature. It was ravenous after what it saw. Up beside the head came two bunches of long claws, which wrenched at the wooden lattice as if to tear it down. But they wero too weak. The strips held fast. And then tho thing fell to with its teeth to gnaw a way through. ' Whilst tho creature was thus en gaged, I contrivod to slip quietly from my dark corner by tho door, and catching up a big stick, went out at the back of tho house. I stole round as noiselessly as I could towards the window. There were, as I said, young fir trees on that side of tho house, so that with a little caro it was not diffi cult to approach the place unobserved. Whon I got to within a few yards, I saw that the man, for the creature was a man — was still hard at work, trying to force a way in. I dropped my stick, and made a rush at him, aud had him before ho know anything about it. Ho did not give up quietly. He struggled hard — des- perately I may say. But, bless you ! he'd not the ghost of a chance with me. I am a tolerably strong man still, as men go, and I was younger then. I could have undertaken three such as he and thought nothing of it. The poor wretch had no sort of condition about him — he was mere skin and bones — no muscle at all. He was nothing but a walking anatomy, with a few rags by the way of covering — and only a very few. 4 All that ho gained by his struggles was a good shaking, for I gave him one .that made every tooth in his head chatter ; and then I laid him flab on his back. 'I had been long enough iu tho country to gain some knowledge of Puiss. I could use it pretty freely to our mill people ; and I must own that for terms in which to blackguard a set of lazy rascals, as most of those fellows are, Billingsgate isn't a patch on it. So I could make my prisoner under stand me. ' Now then, my friend,' I said to him, ' you needn't take the trouble to show any more fight. You see it won't pay. So just get up, and march quietly off with me to the ouclutstoJc' — the oitcliastok being, as you perhaps know, equivalent to the police-station in English. 'But instead of getting up, and doing as he was ^old, like a reasonable being) the creature contrived to wriggle itself upon its knees and to hold up its hands ; whilst it begged of me in the name of the Virgin and all the Saints not to hand it over to tho politeia. It would rather be killed outright, and was ready to be beaten as much as I ploased. 'My ragged friend,' I said, 'you are a queer chap ! Why do you object to the police so strongly ?' 'The poor wretch made no direct answer, but only reiterated bis entreaties that I would not give ? him up. I began to havo some suspicion of the quality of ray guest. 'I am inclined to think,' I said, 'that you are neither more nor less than an escaped convict.' 'Instead of attempting to deny it, he only begged me to pity him as before 'Eussian law is terribly hard oh those who in any way assist in or conceal the escape of a convict. Of that I would aware. But though I am a big fellow to look at, and in somo things can hold my own as well as any man, I havo always been a poor, soft-hearted fool in othors. I was beginning to feel downright sorry for that poor devil — it was not so much his prayers that fetched me, as his looks. 'Well,' I Maid, 'suppose I don't give you up, but lot you go. What thon V ' Ho would always remember mo with gratitude. He would go on his way at once, and do no harm to my property. He wbb no thief, lie had only entered this door — this yard, to hide himself, but that the sight of food had overcome him ; he wax famishing and he dared not beg. lie had walked how far ho could not tell, perhaps a thousand versts, and all the way he had not dared to ask for- food, scarcely to speak to a living soul. He was trying to reach his own village, perhaps a thousand versts further; if I would only set him Froe ho would go on at once. 'That was the substance of that fellow's answer. His appearance seemed to bear out his statements, and I was inclined to believe, him. 'It's sheer nonsense,' I said, ' for iyou to talk of setting off for a walk of a thousands versts, if, I let you go. You might as well talk of flying. You would only fall by the roadside, you miserablo scarecrow, and die in a ditch. I should be doing the kinder thing by you if I . handed you over . to the authorities. If I do let you go, I must give you something to eat first. Come with mo.' The miserable wretch hardly be lieved that I really meant to feed him, and would have run away had ho dared. I .topic.* him into the empty house, of which I had the key, and fetched him as much food as 1 thought it safe for him to eat. ' So there I ' was with an escaped convict on my hands. Had I been more prudent I should have reflected that tho fellow was most likely a hardened scoundrel, quite undeserving of pity, and that his gratitude would probably be shown either by robbing me, or, if he should happen to fall into to the hands of the police, by getting me into trouble to save his own worth less neck. I ought to have thought of these things ; but, as I said before, I am asoftheartedold fool, and neglected to do so. 'I kept him in that empty house for several days ; in fact, till he had so far recovered bis strength as to be fit to go on, Nobody knew about him, not even the members of my own family, for if I was doing a foolish thing, I had sense enough to run as little risk over it as possible. Eeodor Sfcepano vitcb, for that my convict told me was his namo, enlightened me on some few points of his personal history. His native village was, he said, in the government of Vladimer, and. ho had left it to get work in the town of Ivauova, whero there are factories. Every man tries to make out a good case for himself, eo I did not feel myself bound to place implicit reliance on Feodor's statement that he had never committed anything that could properly bo called a crime. According to his showing the sole source of his troubles had been a difference with an owiadnik — a police agent. I do not exactly remember the particulars, but, of course, there was a woman in the busines ; blows had passed, and tho ouvadnik had, by a false charge, pro cured ITeodor's condemnation to Siberia for life. This, 1 Bay, was his story. 'Peodor told me that his place of cxilo had been somewhere far up the country ; and of the severities he had had to endure and of tho tyranny of officials he spoke bitterly. After making his escape, the privations and dangers he had undergone before reaching Ekaterinburg, wero such as I should not have believed from his words, had they not been verified by his appearance. 'Par a Ilussian, he appeared to me to be a not unintelligent fellow, aud I pointed out to him tho difficulties he would find in making his way to Ivauova — a distance of not less than twelve hundred versts from 'Ekaterin- burg, as the crow flies ; and advised him, as ho was used to mill-work, to stay and find employment whero he was. I was weak enough to offer to help him, and see what could bo dono in the way of getting a passport for him. But the fellow was bent on going forward. He was resolved, he said, to see his ; family again, and he was resolved to Bee Basil MakaroS. This Makaroff was, I found, the ouvaduik to whom Peoder attributed his troubles, and it seemed to me that his particular hankering to see this person meant a craving to have his revenge. I confess that, whon I had learnt this much, I felt no desire to detain my friend Feodor longer than was necessary. I was glad to give him something more decent in the way of clothing than he had brought, and a trifle in money to help him on his way, and to be rkl of him. 'I nover expected to see him again, now wished to do ao ; and I was somewhat startled when a few weeks later, among a gang of convicts which wero being marched by a guard of soldiers out of the town on their way eastward, I recognised Stepanovitch. I was standing close by .when he passed, and was so much surprised to see him, that I somewhat imprudently, perhaps, spoke to him by name, but, will you believe it ? — the ungrateful dog stared me in the face, and marched sullenly by without word or sign of recognition. 'So much,' thought I, 'for gratitude V 'Some months later, when the next summer was getting well advanced, we had, one night an alarm of fire. Many of the newer mills at Ekaterinburg are of stone, but the main building of ours, being comparatively old, was of wood. Ittwas a thing to blaze up like a box of matches. It was not, however, iii the main building that the fire had broken out, but in some shods connected with the main building by a range of shopping. The last was stone-built, but a ill-luck would have it, covered with wooden shingles. ' A good many people were soon got together mostly our own hands, and I dirocted and encouraged them as well as I could to get tho firo under. But thoy are a stolid, heavy set of follows, those Itussians, and tho way in which they take care not to over-exert them Belves at a fire is enough to drive an Englishman wild. Yet there were some few who really worked splendidly and in a way that ought to have made mauy of those whose daily bread depended on the existence of the mill ashamed of themselves. .' What between the apathy of those lazy scoundrels generally, and want of water, it was Boon plain that the shode which were on firo could not be saved, and that what we had to look to was the mill itself. The danger of the main building was increasing every moment, for the fire was beginning to make its way along tho shingled roof of which I Bpoke. ' 'I could see what had to bo done — those shingles had to be stripped off. I had a ladder reared against the building, and called for volunteers to mount it. Tho height of that roof from the ground was considerable, aud the fire was every moment getting moro and more hold upon it. To strip off the shingles would be a hard job, and a hot one, and it is not to be denied, a dangerous one. Not one of those cold-blooded rascals who had eaten our bread for years would come forward. . I stood at tho foot ol the ladder, and told them I was going n p myself. I offered them twenty roubles — fifty roubles — to any man who would help mo. But it was of no use. ' Just when I was about mount alone the ragged stranger-fellow whom I had beforo observed working so vigorously came riming up. He had been too busy in another place to know what was going on sooner. That was scarcely a time for taking any particular notice of people's looks yet I had an impression that he was not altogether a stranger to me. ' He looked up to the roof. The delay of those few minutes had given a fearful advantage to the fire. ' There is death up there,' he said ; ' Ts saving this mill so very important to you.' 'If it is burned, I am a beggar. Every kopeck I am worth is in it. A hundred roubles if you will holp me save it 1' ' We can talk of the reward after wards,' he said, as he sprang past me, and up the ladder like a cat. .' I was following, too eagerly, per haps, to be careful, and I am a heavy man. A round broke, and down I came, with a knee so much twisted that I could scarcely stand. It was no longer in my power to climb to the roof. ' But from where I propped myself against a wall, I could see that ragged fellow, who was up and doing enough for three or four ordinary men. You should havo seen how he sent the shingles rattling down. Seen from below, he seomed at times to be work ing with fire all rouud him, bat he. went on without minding it, I never saw an Englishman — let alone a Russian — go to it with a better will. 1 heard the peoplo round me say that he worked moro like a fiend than a mortal man — and so he did. He hand led the burning wood as though his fingers had been iron instead of flesh and bone, and scarcely seemed to shrink from tho flames that blazed up round his face. He nover appeared to rest, or stay his breath, till he had succoded in cutting off communication between the fire and the mill. ' I mado tho men below set the ladder as handily as they could for him to get down, and he did his best to reach it. But he must have been quite used up, besides being pretty much blinded and suffocated with the Btnoke. Anyhow, he lost his footing and down he went through the rafters and crashed among the burning rub bish below. It was an ugly fall. ' Wo got him out as well as we could j and such a scorched, smoke blackened, smashed up copy of God's image I should never wish to see again. But he was still alive, and to the proposal to carry him straight to the hospital I said, 'No ; take him in to my house.' So thoy took him in. . After we had got tho firo quite under, and mado all safe about the mill, I limped to the side of the bed whero they had laid the poor fellow. He had come round a bit by that time. He tried to open his eyes, but it seemed to me that the fire and smoke had not left him much power of seeing with them. He spoke, however, more distinctly than might havo been ex pected, and hia first question was whether the mill was safe. I told him that owing to his pluck it was. I was surprised to find that he recognised my voice, and still more when he named my name. * You do not know me,1 he Baid — and, indeed it was not likely that any one should know such a crushed and shapeless mass of cinder as he was was — ' You do not know me— Peodor, Stepano vich They caught me and took me back. I knew you when you spoke to me in the street, but I dared not answer, lest they should suspect you of having befriended me. I have escaped from them again, and am going home to Ivanova. I must see my wife, and that villain Marakoff.' ? ' Ho lay a little and then added, ' I am glad I was here to help you to night. I am glad they did not take me again before I got here. I do not think that the politzia will take me again.' 'And thoy did not; for he was dead within an. hour of that time, ' That, sir, is the end of my.Btory of a Siheriah. Do you happon to have a light handy ; for, somehow, I have let my pipe out ? And, bless me, ? my pipebbwl is quite wet. I believe I'm crying. What an old ass I am !' 