The Novelist. Ishmael. Br M. E. BRADDON. AUTHOR OF " LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET," "VIXEN/' " THE GOLDEN CALF," «ic., &c.; CHAPTER XXX EV.-(CoNTiNtJEP.) " I thought you cared very little about th £ things," her friend, Lady Valentine, said to h one night at a great festival at tho opera/ " Y< riBed to laugh at my lovo of pleasure, and to wo der that I, who am nearly 20 year3 your senic could live so much in society. I told you that, you grew older, you would want more amusemer But that time has not come yet." "One must go with the herd," answered Co tstance listlessly. "But you never used to go with the herd remonstrated Lady Valentine j " that was yoi great charm. You were not afraid to think f< yourself. I am sure that this feverish lifo do< not suit you. You are looking pale and wor: haggard almost. You will lose your beauty you are not careful."' "I am not going to be careful for the sake i that unknown quantity which you are pleased i call ruy beauty," answered .Constance, laughinj "Ono must enjoy one's life." "Ah, but you don't look as if you were en j oj ing life. You don't look happy." .Lady Valentine took upon herself all the priv: legoai of an old friend, and was eminently troubh some. Other people were not so familiar wit Constance Danetree's character, and to that outc circle 'she seemed a radiant créature, full of er joynient in a very enjoyable world, gifted with a charms and blessings that can make life wort living. She went everywhere, was seen over} where, in that merry month of June-theatre! óperas, balls, races, concerts, dinners, afternoo: gatherings of all kinds. Wherever the elite c Paris were to be found, Constance Danetree wa sure to be among them. But go where she woul she never met the groat contractor, the man c bridges, and markets, and viaducts, and railways Not once since that afternoon of June the 6t] .had she looked upon the face of Ishmael. No did she hear his name often in society ; fo although he was reverenced for his success, an' the wealth that had followed success, lie was no a man of the world in society's acceptation of th word. He did hot spend his ñioney as a ma: should who; wishes to stand well with society He lived in an old-world corner of Paris, and en tertained only his few and particular friends. H bought neither pictures nor statues ; he colleetei neither rare plate nor old books. His figure wa unknown in the Hotel Drouot. He was nobody' patron* iii the world of art. He had no chateai in the country, no shooting parties br wild boa hunts. He kfpt no stud, had . won no distinctioj upon the turf, which was just then the ultra fashionable amusement alike for aristocrat an< jdutocrat. By those who knew very little abou hiiii, he ¿was set down as" a churl and a miser- ¡ man ,who chose to live apart and gloat over hi money bays, rather than to float gaily along thal brisk current of pleasure and dissipation whicl , was so merrily drifting young France one knev not whither. ^ . , Those ¡ who knew him well knew that he wa: one of the foremost philanthropists of France, ;that his purse had helped and his brain hac guided some of the noblest schemes for the wei fare of men, women and children which the mo dern science of charity hod devised. His purse did not open to every call. He was not a prey to the charlatan brood who make benevolence c . trade, the letter- writers and red-tapists, the theo . rists and fussy philanthropists. He had founded a benevolent institution of considarable import ance, which he maintained at his. own cost, go verning and administering it in person upon his own system. This was a refuge and school for indigent boys and girls, very much upon the plan of the admirable institutions founded later by i Monsieur Bonjeau, noble son of a heroic father, and by the good Abbe Roussel for boys only, The home was in the country in a village beyond Marly, and hither he sent tho friendless little waifs whom his agents gathered lip like fallen leaves, out of Parisian gutters/to be purified and re-ereated amidst green fields and flowers, woods and . running streams. There were ; no happier »hOurs. of j the millionaire's life than those which he spent among these rescued voyons, watching them : at work, in the quaint old gardens, or at their studies in the grave old house, which had ; been a monastery before the revolution of ninety . eight, and which being left remote from railroads sind in a state of decay, had been bought foi about a fourth of its value. .; . , ; At the children's home Ishmael was known as Monsieur Chose, and it was only Iiis most intimate friends who knew him as the'author of this good work. His interest in, and his labovr3 |for, this large institution occupied all his intervals of lei sure in this summer of sixty-seven j and he had refused all invitations save for those public ban quets at which his presence was a professional necessity. He had only been two or three times at the exhibition, and on each occasion he had gone only to do the honours of the show to some distinguished foreigner in Ms own line of life a Nasmyth, a Peto, or a Cunard. Thus the month had passed, and he and Con stance Danetree had never mot. She had gone everywhere, trying to forget him, despising her self because of that weakness of her woman's ¡ heart, which made forgetfulness impossible. She had tried to drown thought and memory in the wine of pleasure ; but the wine tasted of dust and ashes, and memory remained unaltered. The 'evening pf July 2nd was to be distin guished by a grand ball at a noble old house iii Faubourg Saint Germain. It was a ball that had been talked of incessantly in Lady Constance Danetree's circle for the last three weeks. ¡ The .giver cf the entertainment was the Baroness Cla varoche, a lady whose husband had been until a .year ago a stanch Legitimist, but who*, södn after .¡(¡he death of his mother (nn ancient dame dis'tin giiislied for the severity of lier morals, ths dign of her manners, and the rancour of her hati for the race of Bonaparte) had astonished all 1 risian society by suddenly turning his coat, a accepting an important office at the Imper court. Like all converts, the Baron was intei in his enthusiasm for his new creed, swore by t Emperor in this twilight of his glory as if it li been still broad noon, was a passionate advoci of the Imperial policy in tho Chamber and c of it-out-Rouher-ing Rouher himself, t " second Emperor," in the boldness of his pt tisanship. The Baroness Clavaroehe, who was about years her husband's junior, and who loved gaie and expenditure, considered it her bounden du. to give a festivity of some kind in honour of t'. Imperial idea. She had sent out cards for a hi which, according to the tongues of rumour, w to surpass in splendour all private entertainmen of this splendid, year. Everybody who was nob] or rich, or famous, or beautiful, had been inviti to the festival, and not to have been asked mea: social ostracism. Madame Clavaroehe and La< Constance met in the fashionable crowd at tl Palace of Industry on the morning of tho 2n the Baroness radiant with delight at the suoce of her ball, which was already an assured fae for in society success begins with the voice of r niour and the excitement of anticipation, ball not talked about immensely beforchar would be a predoonied failure. " Everybody is coming,*' exclaimed Madan Clavaroehe ; " everybody. I could count the fe refusals -on my fingers; and those are all fro: people who are too ill to move." " Have you asked Monsieur Ishmael, who can after the Emperor, and took first prize for worl men's houses," inquired Constance, carelessly " among your numerous notorieties ?" " YG3 ; I asked Monsieur Ishmael. He is great favourite of mine-so earnest, so origina such a .contrast to our petits ere ves. I did nc forget him. But I am sorry to say he is one c my few refusals." " What 1 Is he too ill to move ?" " No ; but he tells mo ho is not going out anj where this season. He has some great work i hand-a railway in tho south somewhere, betwee Nimes and the Pyrenees, a stupendous affair, a] viaduct and tunnel. He is too busy to go to balls But wo shall have plenty of notabilities for yo -the Siamese Princes, the Chain of Tartary, th brother of the Tycoon. I am told the brother o the Tycoon is a mott fascinating-not handsome you. know, according to our European idef but a most interesting type. Be sure you com early." ,r If I do, I shall uot stay late," answered Con stance. " I find that I am growing old, and soo: grow tired of lights and music." " That is all nonsense. You must come earl, and stay late. I want beauty to be a conspieuou element in my rooms. What is the use of prc yiding a background of flowers, and fountain and electric light, if the living foreground is t ba made up of uglinoss? Tell me about you costume. Who made it?" "You had better ask who is making it Perhaps it is not yet begun. You know wha these people are. I went to the new man wh< made the gowns for the last comedy at tin Gymnase. " You are very wise. The new man has a taste an instinct altogether hors ligne. Spricht ii trading on a past reputation ; he has emptied hil bag. The" pink satin and silver gown Piersoi wore in the second act of Contagion was a marvel And it was such a brilliant idea to turn to th sheen and .shimmer of satin after tho dreary reign of lustreless silks. I am going to wea: satin to- night/' added the Baroness, wi tl an air. She was a stout woman, fair, and with frizzj hair, always overdressed j but despite the uni versal prejudice in favour of Parisian taste, then are women in Paris who sin upon the side of su perabuudant finery. " If you want to know what you ought not tc wear," said Mr. Spricht, the great couturier, tc one of his favourite clients, privileged to enjoj tho dear man's confidence, " you have only to lool at the Baroness Clavaroehe." . "But surely you make all her gowns?"ex claimed the customer. I have heard her saj so.' " I make her gowns, madame, but I did noi make her figure. You would not expect mo tc waste refined art upon a woman who has no more Bhapa than a pincushion. Madame Clavaroehe comes here, and I sell her my most expensive stuffs, and my people make them into gowns, and load them with the costliest garniture j and thc result is the Baroness Clavaroehe as you see her I have nothing to do with it. I would not soi] my fingers by touching a yard of lace in such s cause. I do not lead a forlorn hope." " Then, unless one has a decent figure and a little natural grace, there is no use in coming to you,' murmured the customer meekly, full of reverence for the great man. " It would be wiser in such a case to keep youi money in your pocket. It was the Marquise dc Bar-le-duc who persuaded me to .undertake Ma dame Clavaroehe, and to oblige that sweet Mar . quise, who was at that time du deriaer bien witl ! an exalted personage who shall be nameless, ] would do a great deal. If the Baroness had beer amenable to reason and good advice, I might have taken some interest in her, in spite of her figure i I might even have succeeded in making her looi well. But the Baroness thinks herself a fine wo ; man, and has ideas ¿of her own ; two insuperable i difficulties. I allow her to wear what she likes s she pays me forty thousand francs a year, L and, as I said before, the result is- the Baroness ' Clavaroehe. In spite of this startling condemnation from . the highest authority, the Baronest Clavaroehe . was the fashion, and helped to lead the fashions i in that brilliant Paris of 1867. In those days i beauty and grace were not essential elements in . a woman of fashion-a grain of wit and a bushel . of audacity were rather the indispensable qualifi . cations for that distinguished, role.. Was it ?.not ? said by one of the most accomplished cöurtiers of that epoch, concerning quite the most "charmin! woman of the Imperial entourage, that she wa two-thirds lorette and one-third great lady? I this could be said of the great leader of the boa; monde, bo sure all the little leaders followed i 3 the same track, The mansion of the Clavaroche family was on of the oldest houses in tho Faubourg St. Germain It was situated in one of tho quiet old streets o tho faubourg, behind those magnificent modon buildings on the quays, the official residences o ministers and ambassadors, tho villas of Jewisl millionaires and new nobility. There was a sug gestion of the post in every gable and chimney h the exterior view, in every cornice and doowai within. For more than a century and a half tin good old house had remained unaltered fron its original splendour of the Louis Quatorze period. It had begun to be old-fashioned in th< days of the Eegency, and was positively rococ( under Louis Quinze. During the first Empire, and throughout th< reign of Louis Philippe, the Clavaroches dwell apart. They lived a life of absolute seclusion ir the midst of the great busy city, received only r few old friends of the most strictly Legitimisi opinions, gave themselves up to devotion which touched the boundary line of bigotry, were altoge ther pious, dull and narrow-minded, refusing tc believe in the virtues of the good Citizen King, 01 to gladden his court by the light of their counte nance. They grew old and grey in the old grey house, amidst mouldering draperies and faded tapestries and tarnished gilding; relics of the past which, to the Clavaroche mind, were in them selves a patent of aristocracy; curtains which had screened their great-great-grandmothers, arm chairs in which princes and cardinals of the great king's comt had sat ; looking glasses which had reflected tho vanished beaiity of La Valliere and Montespan. Baron Clavaroche lived up to the mature age of forty under the maternal wing, sharing all the opinions and cherishing all the prejudices of ma more, whose hand he kissed in his stately fashion whenever he gave her his morning greeting ; but shortly after his fortieth birthday, and about three years ago, the Baron, during a visit to the little town of Vichy with his invalid parent, had the happy fortune to win the good graces of a wealthy financier's daughter, a young lady of the new school, and an ardent Bónapartisb. The mar riage renewed the fortunes of the house of Clava roche, which had subsided to a dead level of me diocrity ; but it broke the old baroness's heart. After enjoying the privilege of domineering over her son's habits, opinions and speech for the last forty years, it seemed a hard thing to have the sceptre of maternal authority, the dignity of her position as mistress of that grave old house in the faubourg, the administration of her son's slender fortune, which he had nursed and managed with a discretion worthy of an old financier, to have all the power and glory of her life snatched from her grasp by a plump and somewhat vulgar young woman of 25, who had been brought up on American principles by a doting and indulgent father, who had been allowed to spend money like water, and who had been flattered by the young fortune-hunters of the period until she fancied herself irresistible. Perhaps the chief reason of Mademoiselle Bour ley's appreciation of the Baron's merits was the fact that he among all her acquaintance had treated her as a common mortal, and had never stooped to flatter her. The good old name of Clavaroche, the odour of sanctity which hung round these families of the old rock-these things were also an attraction ; and Elise Bourley had only been acquainted with Theodore Clavaroche three weeks when she signified to her adoring father that she had at last seen a man whom she could condescend to marry. "The others about whom you teased me were all detestable," she said ; " but the Baron Clavaroche is at least a gentleman. And if he is stupid, that will be so much the better for me, as I intend to be mistress in my own house." The matter was easily arranged, the bride being one of the richest heiresses in Paris, and tho bridegroom having long looked towards mar riage as a break in the monotony of his life. A week after 'the beginning of tho Paris winter season, Baron Clavaroche and Mademoiselle Bourley were married at the Madeleine, The service was performed at midnight, a magni ficent function, at which all fashionable Paris assisted. The Dowager Earoness was an old woman when this blow fell upon her, and her health had been failing for some time ; but she had stood up like a tower against the encroachments of age ; she had held her own in her narrow circle against all comers ; her voice was as loud, her frown as awful, her hatred of existing institutions as rancorous, her abuse of those in power-notably of the good and fair Empress-as vehement as it had been in the early days of the Citizen King ; but after henson's marriage she gave way all at once, ?> < toTTCwas sapped at its base, the walls began xe crumble, the hour of ruin and downfall was near at hand. On the eve of her son's wedding she made him Bwear that he would be true to the elder branch of the house of Bourbon as long as she lived. " When I am in my grave you can do what you like," she said ; " I shall not be there to know of your treason ; and in . purgatory I shall have enough to do to bear the burden of my own sins, without feeling the weight of yours." The new baroness chafed against the old order of things from the very beginning of her wedded lifo. She longed to sweep away the old furniture, . the faded topestries, the tarnished gilding. It was in vain that her husband urged that the i things she despised were precious as objects of art. She replied that the Empress could tolerate : nothing that was not strictly in the style of Marie ! Antoinette ; and that these ornate and ponderous ; old cabinets and sofas and-gigantic arm chairs of tho ' seventeenth century wore detestable, these sienna marble slab3 and brazen arabesques tho very lowest form of art. " Do not disturb the old house while my mo ther ..inhabits it," he pleaded. " She will hot troublé ns long." Elise grumbled a little. There was no knowing how long an old woman might spin out tho thread of life j and while tho dowager dawdled and lin gered over those closing scenes, youth was hurry ing past for the young baroness, pleasures has tening by her untasted, while she languished in that dusty old house, and was allowed to receivo no one except a few Legitimists who wore a quarter of a century behind the times, and still regretted Charles the Tenth. She was panting to call in the great upholsterers of the day, to send all those ponderous grandeurs of the past to the auction room, to be sold en bloc with all their associations included-aye, even tho chair in which Turgot had sat, the table upon which the Due de Riche lieu had played tansquenet with cardinals and princes of the blood royal. She was pining to re decorate and refurnish that historic mansion, to awaken the sleeping echoes with the sound of fiddles and cornets, to set the light airy feet of the empire dancing in those stately halls that had seen the revels of an older dynasty. She was languishing to let the gay and garish light of the present in upon the dim shadows of the past, to disperse the ghosts, and bring the living, breathing, moving Vanity Pair of new Paris about and around her. " You might as well have taken me to live in a tomb," she exclaimed, pettishly, to her husband, whose aristocratic face and dignified bearing migh adorn but certainly did not enliven her ex istence. " Indeed, it is much gayer in tho funeral chapel of tho great Emperor, yonder," with a jerk of her head towards the Invalides-" for there people are always coming and going. Here thero is no one. At dusk, after the house is shut up for the night, I can hear the silence in tho hall and on the staircase." Baron Clavaroche admitted that the house was rather triste ; it was a quality of fine old houses to be triste j and it was a rare privilege to enjoy in the heart of Paris tho seclusion of a chateau in Normandy. " I hate chateaux in Normandy or anywhere else," exclaimed Elise ; " and I would rather have an apartment in the Champs Elysees, or in tho Faubourg Saint Honore, than this house of yours, wi[ich has missed its vocation, sinco_ it ought certainly to bo a convent for Carmelite sisters who wear nothing but wollen, and are rung up at three o'clock in the morning to say their prayers." " lhere can be nothing changed so long as my mother lives," the baron answered, gravely. He had given a promise, and he meant to keep it, at whatever inconvenience to himself. The rich young wife chafed her plumage against her prison bars, complained that there was no use in buying fine gowns when there was no ono to see her wear them, but wore the gowns all the same, and was as fine as a parrot in a cage, But the day came when the gay colours had to be put away for a while, and when tho young ba roness had to attire herself in that severe and dense black raiment which makes French mourn ing such a terrible ordeal to tho vain and the frivolous. The last sands had run out in tho glass, and the stately funeral car, with its violet velvet canopy, its plumes and silver scutcheons, had come to carry the old baroness to her last resting place in the vault below a particularly hidoous Egyptian tomb in grey granite, on the ridge of the hill, among the Hines and chestnuts of Pero Lachaise ; and the young baroness reigned in her stead. The young baroness had to endure a long and weary year of mourning, on which Baron Clava roche insisted as a sacred, debt, due to the manes of the departed dowager, not one hour of which was to be remitted ; and then the old house in the old faubovu'g awakened to life and bustle and movement and expenditure. In a day, in an hour, with the opening of a door came tho entrance of a crowd of workmen. The baroness had planned everything with architect and upholsterer before hand, and the process of transformation from the old to the new began with tho stroke of the clock that told the last hour of that year of mourning. Tho baron gave in his allegiance to the Emperor, a friend in high quarters having brought about the rapprochement of these two great men ; and as soon as her house was ready the baroness opened her doors wide to that strange mixed world of the second Empire, a world in which they were beau tiful, brilliant, distinguished, brave, clever, while some were even honest and loyal 5 but in which there were more scamps, roues, tricksters and charlatans than had ever been seen in the front rank of society since tho days of Philip the Re gent, who is said to have invented that word roue for tho benefit of his own particular friends. "They were mostly creatures worthy of being broken on the wheel," said the Prince. The friends for their part affirmed that the sobriquet was an honourable one, implying the last degree of loyalty and devotion, and only signified that they were ready to be so broken in the service of their royal master. The baron was not a genius, and ho did not carry over to the Imperial side of the Senate the weight of a great political reputation ; but his name was a power in itself, he voted as he was told to vote, and he spoke as he was told to speak ; and in those stormy debates of '67-debates upon the Mexican question, debates upon the Luxem bourg treaty, when the language and the bearing of French senators surpassed in dramatic vehe mence and bluster the most vehement and blus terous of demagogues of Home Rulers, Baron Clavaroche was useful, were it only as a dead weight. And now to do honour to tho newest develop ment of tho Empire, the Baroness Clavaroche opened her doors to receive all fashionable Paris at a fete more splendid than had ever been given by a private individual within the memory of tho oldest inhabitant of that ancient faubourg; whose highly respectable inhabitants had a knack of living to a green old age. (TO BE CONTINUED.) The lessees of the Melbourne theatres, in conse quenco of numerous complaints, re pickpockets, have decided to employ jirivato, dótebtives tb watch tho crowd as it enters and loaves. 