UNITED METHODIST FREE CHURCH. THE corner stones of an addition to the United Methodist Free Church, Ann- street, were laid yesterday afternoon in the presence of about 100 persons. Shortly after 4 o'clock the Rev. W. Osborne Lilley, pastor the church, accompanied by Mr. Henry Jordan, M.L.A., and several elders of the congregation took their places on a low plat- form erected for the occasion. The proceed- ings were opened with a hymn followed by prayer, after which Mr. Lilley read letters of apology from a number of the local clergy, who regretted their inability to be present. Mr. Lilley then delivered an address, begin- ning by stating that he stood alone in Queens- land as the only minister of the Free Methodist Church. The nearest minister to him of his own denomination resided in Sydney, and it would be too much expense to bring him here for this ceremony. The rev. gentleman then sketched the polity of their Church. He said they were seceders from the old Wesleyan body owing to the latter's tyranny and despotism. The first secession took place in 1827, on account of the introduction of an organ into the church at Leeds. Through this 1000 members seceded. Then followed the times of the Warrenites and the troubles with the conference, and the agitation over the intro- duction of colleges to train their ministers. These caused secessions, but in 1849 there was a great disturbance, owing to which something like 20,000 persons seceded from the Wesleyan body. It was the amalgamation of these reformers, who would not put up with the tyranny of the Wesleyan body, that formed what is known at the present day as the United Methodist Free Church. They numbered now 80,000 members, and had 420 ministers. They had many Sunday schools and many scholars, and were altogether a most vigorous body. He referred to the liberty of the members of the Church, and stated that they were practical democrats in religion. With respect to the doctrines they professed they were essentially orthodox. They believed in God, the Father, the maker of heaven and earth; in his Son, who came into the world to save them, and in the Holy Ghost, the great Spirit. They thus believed in the Triune God-Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. They believed in the immortality of the soul and salvation through Jesus Christ, as is taught in any of the Evangelical Churches. The reverend gentleman then stated what they intended doing. They had pulled down the end of the church, and intended adding 38ft. to it, so as to give seating room in the whole building for 500 people. The ground floor would be used as a schoolroom, and would be 38ft. square. The cost would be £900, and towards this they had raised £400. He called upon Mr. Jordan to lay one of the foundation stones. Mr. JORDAN delivered an address, in the course of which he congratulated the members of the congregation on their success, and ex- pressed his pleasure at being present to take such an honourable part in the day's cere- mony. On the conclusion of the address, Mr. Jordan stepped off the platform and laid a memorial stone at one corner of the proposed addition, and Miss Carvosso, of the Sunday School, performed a like ceremony at another corner. Each stone contained a parchment statement of the addition to the building, copies of the local papers, and the various coins of the realm. In commemoration of the ceremony both Mr. Jordan and Miss Carvosso will be presented with a handsome trowel suitably inscribed. After the ceremony subscriptions were placed on both stones amounting to £76 13s. 6d. The proceedings terminated with a hymn and prayer. The architect for the addition is Mr. Lambe, a member of the congregation, and the contrac- tor Mr. Silcock, of Kedron. At 6 o'clock tea was provided in the church and partaken of by some 120 persons. A public meeting followed, and addresses were delivered by Rev. W. Osborne Lilley and Messrs. Melrose, Wileman, and others. 