CUT BY THE COUjNTY. A KOTEL. By M. E. BR ADDON, Author of " Ladv Audley's Secret," "Phantom Portune," &c.; [Published bj- special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.] Chapter IV.—" Life-Stifling Tear, Soul-stifling Shame." Grace spent the day in apprehension, expect ing some sign from her betrothed—a letter delivered secretly—a messenger asking to see her—some token that he was near at hand, and had come to that neighborhood on her account. As the day wore on without bringing any such token her fears arid perplexities in creased rather than diminished. She thought that he was lying somewhere; under a hedge or to leeward of a haystack perhaps; too ill, too weak to crawl to a better shelter; helpless, penniless, friendless, sick, arid dying; while she who had sworn to cherish and love him was lolling in a luxurious easy chair, beside the bright hearth in her dainty little den, sur rounded by hothouse flowers, and new books, and an Erard piano, and all the best and prettiest things that money can buy. Her generous tender heart, the heart which grieved even for slaughtered foxes, was sorely tortured by the picture of his destitution, by the bitter contrast between her fate and his. It was not because she loved him that she was so sad for his sake; She rio longer loved him. That foolish, romantic fancy of hers, born of the idleness of a schoolgirl's life in a strange land, that childish dream had died long ago. Eor nearly a year past that secret engagement had been a terror aud burden for her. She had longed ardently for some way of escape. She prayed that her godfather riiight succeed in undoing the knot she had tied for herself. Yet she could not put away the vision of that pale face, those haggard-eyes and;hol!ow cheeks; a face which to ner troubled imagination seemed like the image of death itself. All through the long afternoon she sat in her own room expectant, anxious, much too anxious to employ herself m any way, trembling at every footstep in- the corridor, lest it should announce a messenger from Oairiillac. Five," six, seven o'clock struck from her little time piece, and still there was no news. She had not gone down to afternoon tea, shrinking from the sight of her father and Lady Darnel; but she knew that she must go down to dinner, or else excite everybody's wonder. She was not the kind of girl to take to her bed after an early run with the hounds. So she dressed arid .went down to the drawing-room, and- went- in to dinner with the rest of the family, and sat in torture all diriner;tiriie, expectingevery'tithe a footman approached her that he was'coriiirig to deliver some mysterious message. But the dinner came to an end, and no such inessage reached her. Sir Allan began to yawn directly- they got back to the drawin°--room. He had been up to London' arid back the day before—he'had been in the saddle at half- past four that riiorriirig. The colonel and Grace yawned in concert. It was a chorus of stifled yawns. "If yOri hunting people are so sleepy you had really better go to bed," exclaimed Dora irri tably. She was one of those objectionable'persOU3 who ate never sleepy. _ She was in the habit of playing classical music to the family - of an evening, arid liked her people to listen and admire. "Dora is right," said Sir Allan. "I am only a nuisance hc-re, so I'll say good night." The colonel and Grace followed suit. Lady Darnel said she had some letters to write, and would go to her own room to write them. She knew that even when he was sleeping her husband liked her to be near him; and her pretty morning-room adjoined his bed room. "You won't mind my deserting you, will you, Dora ?" she asked sweetly, knowing that Miss Darnel detested early hours. Dora replied in her blandest tones. She could amuse herself _ for an hour or two with Beethoven if the noise of the piano would not disturb them upstairs. "We shall not hear it, but it would be very nice if we did," said Lady Darnel. Iliey all went away, anu Dora had the spacious drawing-room all to herself. It was brightened by a glowing fire of coal and logs, and by the light of lamps under colored shades, and it was beautified by masses of hot-house bloom in great majolica jars of blue 'and yellow, and dull Indian red. It was in all respects as delightful a room as the heart of woman could desire; and yet its spacious ness gave an idea of desolation and abandon ment when only one person was left in occupa tion. Dora began a rondo of Beethoven's, but she played listlessly, without fire, without expres sion, and before she had played three pages her fingers were lying idle on the keys as the player sank into a deep reverie. _ She was roused from her thoughtful abstrac tion by a sound on the terrace outside—a sound that seemed l'ke the tread of feet upon the gravel. She ran to one of the windows arid lifted'the edge of the blind, and looked- out into the darkness, with her face close against th'e glass. The night was pitchy dark.° She could see nothing. Then she opened the casement and listened intently for some minutes, but there was no recurrence of the sound which had startled her, Still she was not satisfied. She rang for a servant, and told him to go out upon the -terrace and see if there was anyone lurking about. "I certainly heard footsteps," she said, " about ten minutes ago." The footman had a faintly incredulous air, though he'was tod'well bred to express his un belief. He went into the hall, slowly and laboriously withdrew the bolts of the great door, strolled out upon the terrace, and walked about three yards in each direction. The night was so dark that a regiment might have been in ambush at either end of the terrace, and the footman would have been none the wiser. He came back to the " drawing-room and assured Miss Darnel that there was not a mortal on the terrace or in the Italian garden; and then he went back to the servants1 hall and enlarged upon Miss Darnel's fidgetty, prying ways and love of late hours while he finished his supper. "I suppose she'll keep me hanging abrut till half after eleven before I can take those lamps away," he grumbled. It was nearly eleven, and Sir Allan had not yet gone to bed. He had taken off his coat and put on a loose velvet jacket, and was smoking a cigarette in his wife's movning room. He always enjoyed being alow with her, always had something particular to -ay to her, some scheme or arrangement to di-iiss. He never knew weariness in her society, and even to-night, tired as he was, he was loth to go to bed without the customary talk. Since yesterday his mind had been full of the Italian trip. "And you are glad to go away with me ?" he said. "Very, very glad. More glad than I can say." "In that case you ought not to have waited for the doctor's order?! Directly you felt a yearning for change of scene you ought to have told me to take you away." " I could not be so seifish, Allan, knowing how fond you are of Darnel." " I am fond of no place in which you are not happy." "I have been very happy here—with you." "Yes, you have been—at first, perhaps. You were happy here, and so was I—completely happy in the beginning of a new life. But you have not been happy lately, Clare. There has been something weighiug on your mind, and I have a shrewd suspicion that it is the polar atmosphere of Darnel that has been freezing my darling's tender heart." " Oh, Allan, how can you think me so weak. What other society can I want when I have you?" But Sir Allan had made up his mind upon the subject. "Women are sensitive upon small matters," he said. " Never mind, my dear. We shall be far away from the people who have slighted you next week, beside the blue waters of the Mediterranean, The money is ready there in that cabinet—four hundred in circular notes, and we can have plenty more when that is spent. Our Italian tour will be like a second honeymoon; and it shall be a long honey moon." He opened the cabinet while he' was talking, and pulled out a drawer inside. It was an old Italian cabinet in ebony and ivory, full of curious little drawers and recesses. Drom one of the drawers Sir Allan took out the bundle of bank notes, and looked at them and fingered them like a child with a new toy, longing to be off and away, scattering those notes at hotels and in the smart little shops of gay continental watering-places. He meant this journey with his second wife to be one of delight for them both—for her the delight of strange places and lovely scenery; for him, the rapture of seeing her happiness. He had written to an old club house chum to secure a good courier. Lady Darnel would take her maid, and he his faith ful old valet. Grace was young enough to shift for herself. He put the notes back into the open drawer, and took the revolvers from one of the recesses. They were packed in a neat little Kussia Jeather case. He opened it and took out the pistols, and descanted upon their beauty. " They are the prettiest things I have seen for an age," he said. " I hope you may have no occasion to use them Allan," answered his wife, averting her eyes with a look of fear. "You don't like to see them in my hand ?" "I have a horror of all firearms." " My dearest, I forgot," he cried, putting the revolver whichJhe had been examining back into its case. He felt angry with himself for talking of the wretched thing, remembering that dark chapter in Clara's life in which again agunliad done such dreadful work. His cigarette was finished by this time. He bent down to kiss his wife as she sat at the writing-table. "You will not stay up too late, dear?" he said. " No, I have only a couple of letters to write —one to the dear old vicar to tell him of our change of plan. He was to have come to us for a week before Christmas, don't you know ?" "Of course. He must come to us next May instead." He went to the bedroom which opened out of this sanctum of Lady Darnel's, and left his wife bending over her desk, in the light of the read ing lamp. There was a large fire in the old fashioned basket grate, such a fire as a well trained servant always makes on a mild even ing, as if it were required to roast an ox, or, at least, a baron of beef. On coming into the room just now Lady Darnel's first impulse had been to open one of the windows. They were Drench casement windows opening on to a broad wooden balcony, which was always well fur nished with flowers summer and winter. At this season there were boxes of mignonette among the autumn flowers, and the perfume floated into the room on the cool night air. Sir Allan left the pistol case open upon the centre table, amongst a litter of magazines and newspapers. He had been too well waited on all his life ever to have acquired the habit of putting things away. He left everything to be cared for by that inferior race, whose duty it is to follow in the footsteps of a grand seigneur, and to protect his'property from the'conse quences of his own'carelessness. . When her husband was gone Clare Darnel looked up at the' clock on the mantelpiece. It was five minutes past eleven. She could hear doors being shut upon the ground floor; all the sounds of a household retiring for the night. " I can take an hour before midnight," she said to herself, as she began her letter to the friend of her childhood, that one trusted friend from whom she had no secrets. She bad not been writing ten minutes when the window which she'had left ajar was slowly pushed open, and a man' stepped noiselessly into the room. She heard no footfall on the velvet pile, bi.it went' on-writing, calm, beauti ful in the lamplight, an image of domestic peace, the firelight shining on the dark folds of her satin gown,- Dor some moments she wrote 011, while the- man- stood- watching her, holding his breath.- Then she heard his breath ing, short and quick, like a dog?s.- She looked up in sudden fear, and saw a tall wasted figure in a worn-out velveteen coat, a haggard-face looking down at her. It was her husband's face as 3he had' seen it many a time after dissipated habits had'ruined his health; It was her son's face, aged by'seven years' apprenticeship since she had last looked upon t-Sose: features. It; was' the face of the man whom Colonel Stukely'and Grace had!seen on the common. "Valentine!" she ejaculated in a half whis per, wringing her hands.- "How can you come here—like a thief in the night?" "How else can I come? It is the only fashion in which I am allowed to enter my mother's house." It is not my house. It is Sir Allan's house; and you have no' right' to enter it' without his permission. Oh; my. God, what has come to you ? How have you fallen into this despicable state—after the sums of money'that'I'have sent you ?" "Tens and twenties dribbled out at odd times and seasops," answered-her son;sulkily. " Money given in that fashion'never does a man much good. I wanted capital to start in a new line. I-had all manner of golden-oppor tunities if you would have helpedme asl-wanted you to help me at the right moment. But it was always the same story. You feared to trust me with a large sum of money. You, Lady Darnel, mistress of this houses talked of five hundred pounds as if it were half a million. You know my disposition too well. The usual preachment. You would send me twenty pounds a month, and I must contrive to live respectably upon it. Do yon think in this go a-head age a man can get a fair start in life upon a capital of five pounds." "I have sent you fifties-and hundreds for your debts." "Yes, when I was on the brink of dangers that would have brought disgrace upon you and your swell husband." "Yalentine, how have you come to such a pass?" asked his mother waving aside his reproaches, which were not new to her. "You look like a beggar." "I look like what I am," he answered sul lenly. " I have had a run of bad luck—cards, horses, everything has gone wrong with me. Other men—cads, with half my brains— can wm fortunes. I, with three times their education, only risk my wretched pittance to lose it. Do you think a man of my temper could be content to live upon five pounds a week while there was a gaming table or a racecourse in the world on which he could try to quadruple on it ? A gambler, Valentine ! Another of your father s vices.' "What else do I inherit from him? Not money, or position. And your d cleverness deprived me of even his name. I am always being asked to what Stuarts I belong ? What account can I give of myself, do you think ? I would rather have been free to answer, 'I am Valentine Mackenzie, the sou of a man who drank himself mad, and shot the sentry at Mall'-w.'" " You are cruel to the last degree—cruel to reduce yourself to this degraded position— cruel to creep into this house—cruel to me now as you were cruel when you were a boy—a3 your fatlier was beforeyotf," said Clare Darnel, beside herself with the agony of her fears, " you have no right in this house, where there are only good people, people who fear God and respect themselves. You do neither. I say you have no right here." " And I tell you that wherever my mother is I have a right to be.1 I suppose you have kept my existence a secret. Your swell husband does not even know there is such a person ; but by heaven he shall know." He spoke in a h< arse. muffled voice, which grew louder with his indignation agaius fate and his mother. At any moment that sound of voices might awaken Sir Allan in the next room. Clare hurried to the door of communica tion. It was shut. She drew across a velvet curtain which draped the door, and which would help to keep out the sound of those agitated voices. "He knowsthab I had a son," she said, " but when I married him I believed that you were dead, that you had been lost in the Erl King. Although all the happiness of my life depended upon that marriage I would not have married linn if I had known that you were liyimr. No, by heaven, I loved him too well to bring such a curse upon him as a stepson with your vice3." " Well, he has me and my vices; and he and you had better make the best of me. What are you going to do for me, mother?" the tender name was uttered with a cynical laugh. " What can I do. If I give you money you will throw it away on a racecourse or at a gambling table; whatevc-r I do for you it all conies to the same thing. You will drink, squander, and degradeyourself to the condition in which you come to me to-night, the condition of a beggar." "Because you never give me enough money. Give me a round sum—three or four hundred pound, for instance—that would start me in a new country." "How often have you talked of starting afresh, promised to begin a new life?" questioned his mother bitterly. I gave you a hundred pounds to furnish an apartment in Paris. You were to study art, you were to live as other students live there—cheaply, unpre tentiously7—till you could earn your own main tenance. Nor a few months things seemed to be going well with you. I hoped you were living comfortably on the twenty pounds a month which I sent you. Then came a long story of difficulties, debts of.honor*1'a mys terious entanglement which might lead to ex posure in the newspapers, and I had to send another hundred pounds. You have drained me of the income my generous husband settled on me, and which I told him wa3 three times too much for my wants. I have been sneered at, talked about, for spending so little money, for dressing less handsomely than other women in my position dress." "You look an object of compassion at this moment," said her son, surveying her with a diabolical sneer. Iler plainly-made black satin dinner-gown, becoming in its severe simplicity, seemed to liim the height of luxury. It was not for him to know that the gown had been worn two winters. Men of his stamp always think a woman is well enough dressed as long as her gown holds together. The wives of such men are supposed to have no right of complaint while tlieir clothes are wind and weather proof. Lady Darneljtook her portemonnaie from her pocket. "Here are six sovereigns and some silver, Valentine," she said, olferinghim the contents; " all I have in the world, or am likely to have, until Christmas." He took the money carelessly, indifferently. " It will be very little good," he said, "be yond getting me a week's lodging, a slop suit in which 1 shall look a little worse than in these rags. I tell you that what I want—the only thing that can do me any good—is a round sum of money. I know of a splendid opening, A friend of mine owns a vineyard near Cadiz. It only wants working to produce as fine a sherry as the best that is made in the district. And he would take me into partner ship if I could give him three or four hundred on the nail, and could pledge myself to produce as much more a year hence. That would mean, not a beggarly pittance, but a trade, a fortune. You would not be ashamed to own a wholesale dealer in Spanish wines for your soil. The trade is reputable, even if the wines are doctored. Come, mother, don't tell me you can't find this money. You have but to ask Sir Allan." "I will not ask him. . No, Valentine, even if I believed in the possibility of your redemption I would not ask that generous man to give me more money, when of hi3 own accord he has given me three times too much for all my reason able requirements. But I have no hope of your reform. I know that if I gave you three hundred pounds to-night it would go just as the other money has gone. The utmost I will do for you, the uttermost that duty constrains me to do is to provide you with the means of living deccnt.'j' from week to sveek. That I will do, and no more. And even to do that I shall have to borrow money. Your demands have completely exhausted my resources." ""Very good. Then I must have recourse to some one else. There is a lady in this house upon whom my claim is second only to my claim upon you." "A lady in this house!" repeated Clare, aghast with wonder. "Grace Darnel is my affianced wife. I be lieve a man has some kind of claim upon the woman who has promised to marry him." " My step daughter, Grace, affianced to you, to you, Valentine Mackenzie! You must be mad to say such a thing."* The statement may sound preposterous, bub it is true. Miss Darnell took it into her head to work at the Louvre just at the time I was working there. You think very likely that I never did so work, that my art education was altogether a sham. But there you belie me. I worked honestly enough till I got sick of an impossible profession. No matter. I was attracted by the young lady's appearance, was able to pay her some small attention, and saw that she was pleased with me, I contrived to question her duenna, I heard that she was Miss Darnel, of Darnel Park, an heiress. The imbroglio became interesting, and I determined to try my chances with Miss Darnel, whom I really admired more than any girl I had seen for an age." "What an honor for Grace !" " I contrived to get upon confidential terms with her, and soon found the key to her heart. She is a generous high-spirited girl, full of romance. Just the girl to think the world well lost for love. We were desperately in love with each other. A sharp attack of—of—an old complaint of mine brought me to death's door." "Was it your father's malady, the dire disease that comes from intemperance, Valen tine?" asked hismother, lookiug at him intently, seeing only "too plainly in his haggard face the same indications which she had seen so often in the face of her dead husband. "No matter what it was, I \ra>te to Miss Darnel from my sick bed. She answered as a true-hearted girl might be expected to answer. Sliepromised to be my wife. I have that pro mise under her own hand. She will be of age in a' year. . And as soon as she is of age and her own mistress I shall elaim'the fulfilment of that promise;" '' Does she khow"who you are ?" " Well, not exactly.' When you are in Rome do as the Romaris do; says the provei'b. When' I was in Paris I was a frenchman. One alias is as gond as another. In Paris I was not Valentine Stuart but Victor de Camillac." " And you-come'to this house—an adven turer, an impostor, a' swindler—to claim the promise made by a credulous-girl, your dupe and victim. You, my son, would do this thing ? This- is the deepest disgrace'yoii have threatened me with yet!"' "It is for you to work out the problem so as to avoid disgrace. G-ive me three or- four hundred pounds arid I will start for Cadiz'to-' morrow, to return a year hence as a respectable merchant and to claim! my betrothed. She will pardon my change of name and-nationalifcy, if I can stand before her as a geritleinan'and your son. She. is> so fond of you that the lelationship will'be an additional claim to" her : regard'." " Do not think that I will ever sanction any engagement'hetween you and Grace. Not if you could struggle out of the abyss into which' your degrading habits have sunk you—not even if you could come here in outward seem ing a gentleman. Never would I sanction the union of that good and true-hearted girl with your father's son. The cup of despair which I drained to the dregs shall never be offered to her while I have power to prevent that infamy. Sir Allan knows what you were as a boy. If the worst come to the worst he shall know what you are as a man." " Wouldn't it be wiser for your own sake if you were to temporise—let me go to Spain, work' out my own redemption, and return worthy of Grace—and of you. I will do it, mother, if you will trust me." He laid his hand upon his mother's shoulder, he looked at her pleadingly as she stood with clasped hands, an image of despair. It was the first time that he nad touched her since they entered ; he, the son whom she had not seen_for seven years. " 1 cannot trust you," she answered, not in unkindness, but in despair. "I have been . too often deceived. I know your nature too well. I will do what I can for you, but it must be in my own waj'. Oh, Valentine, why do you follow in the fatal ' road that your father trod to his doom? . The habits of the drunkard and the gambler ruined him, and they will ruin you if you do ' not reform. Think of his dreadful end—a , murderer, a lunatic. Be warned in time. No, ' my poor son, it is not yet too late. I will help ; you. I will visit you, befriend you in every way, if ycu will only show a real purpose of amendment. And now, for pity's sake, leave this house before Sir Allan overhears anything. Are you lodging in the village?" , "I have been lodging under hedges and hay stacks since yesterday evening. When I landed at Newhaven yesterday morning I had just enough to pay for a third-class ticket to London and another third-class ticket to Scad leigh. I have been.roaming about ever since with empty pockets and an empty stomach, watching for a-'chance of an interview with you or Grace." Thank God, you did not see Grace—in this dreadful plight, i'oor creature—poor unhappy boy," said Lady Darnel, glancing at the clock. "Ten minutes to twelve; they will hardly have gone to bed at the Coach and Horses, for they seldom close until after eleven. You had better go there and get a room for the night. There is a sheltered lane at the back of the inn garden—a narrow lane with tall hedges. I will meet you there at seven to-morrow morning, and we can talk quietly, we can make some plan for your future. And now, go. There is not a moment to be lost if you want to get shelter to-night." '• 1 don't wan't to sleep under a hedge," he said sullenly, moving slowly towards the window, reluctant, undecided. At this moment the door leading into the corridor was opened a little way, and a sweet girlish voice said, "Mother, are you still up Lady Darnel rushed to the door, and met Grace before she could enter the room. "Yes, dear child," she said, going out into the coiridor, and shutting the door behind her. " Oh, Grace, why are you not in bed ? It is close upon midnight, and you were up at four." "I couldn't sleep a wink if I went to bed. Mayn't I come into your room for a few minutes'chat Y" "Not to-night. It is too late." "How pale you are, mother ! Are you ill Y" "No, no, not ill, only a.little tired. I have sat up too long. Now, Grace, I shall take you back to your room, and you must go to bed Instantly." The girl was in her dressing-gown, her splendid blown hair hanging loose upon her shoulders. Lady Darnel put her arm round her and led her along the corridor. Grace's and the visitors' rooms were at the end of the house, just beyond those inhabited by Sir Allan and Lady Darnel. These three had ex clusive occupation of this southern wing. The central portion of the first floor was taken up by a picture gallery and a billiard room. Miss Darnel's rooms were in the northern wing. "What has made you so wakeful, Gracie?" asked Clare," when she had taken the girl back to her room. Grace hesitated for a few moments, looking at the ground and playing nervously with the lace frilling of her dressing-gown. She was longing to tell all hqr troubles to her stepmother, yet dared not. Dear of her father's' anger kept her dumb. " Ob, I don't know," she said. " Perhaps it was the exciting idea of our Italian tour. At any rate, I couldn't sleep, and I thought if you were up I should like to have a talk. But you are too tired, and you ought to go to bed. You are as white as a ghost." " Yes, I am very tired. Good night, dear child." " Good night, mother," and with an affec tionate kiss they parted. Lady Darnel did not go back to her room im mediately. She wanted time—first to be sure that Grace did not follow her; secondly to recover her coolness of brain, to consider quietly and calmly, if possible, what was to be done with this foolish son of here. He would have gone when she went back to her room, perhaps; or if he had not gone she would be better able to reason with him after a few minutes' quiet. She walked up and down the corridor two or three times thinking deeply, trying to hit upon some line of conduct which might save Grace and reclaim the prodigal. Grace must on no account know that her lover wa3 in the neighborhood. Girls are so foolish. His wretched condition would appeal to her pity. There is no knowing into what foolishness she might be entrapped. The stable clock and the church clock struck twelve—the last with silvery solemn tone heard from far across the elms and oaks, the dells and slopes where the cattle were lying at rest. Lady Darnel took one turn more. " Hark! What can that be ?" No doubt as to what it was. The report of a pistol. W7hat it meant was another thing. For a moment or so Clare Darnel stood motionless with terror. Then there came the thud of a heavy fall. "It is in my room," cried Glare, beside her self with apprehension, remembering the re volvers in their case on the table, the open case with dark-red velvet lining glowing in the lamplight. She had looked at it absently while Valentine was talking to her—looked at it with mind so abstracted as never to consider how fatal a thing a revolver may be. "He has killed himself!" she cried distrac tedly. She rushed to her room, tearing at the door with convulsive hands wliich made the mere turning of the handle seem a work of time and difficulty. She expected to see her reprobate son stretched upon the floor and weltering in his blood. She knew not that a worse evil liad befallen her. She went into the room. _ The casement was wide opit 11, and the night wind was blowing in, scattering tlie papers on her writing table. The doorway leading into the bedroom was open, the velvet portiere pulled aside, and Allan Darnel was lying across the threshold, bleeding, dead, as his wife thought, in the supreme agony of that moment. While she stood looking at him, with clasped hands, his daughter rushed into the room, and saw what had happened. 