jprcal &$Nttral §tm. Six hundred fate from Mantuan Downs in charge of Mr. A. B. H. Thomson arrived at Lake's Creek on Wednesday morning. Two mobs of sheep 1500 each arrived at Lake's Creek on Tuesday and Wednesday from , Meteor Downs. They were tracked from I Cometville. On Wednesday evening a telegram was re ceived liy Inspector Stuart from Westwood | informing him tiuat a disturbance had occurred there that evening. About tea o'clock Mounted-constables Barry and Fahey left for Westwood, and they retained to town last evening. The particulars we hare been able to ascertain are very meagre. It seems there was a dispute between two men at a selection , four miles from the township. A selector ejected a drunken fellow from his house, and the latter got an. axe and broke the door open. He also, it is said, threatened the settler, and he was arrested for house breaking. Mr. Peter D. Manning, one of the principal operators at the local Telegraph Office, was transferred on Tuesday to the bead office at Brisbane, and left for the metropolis last night by the s.e. Glanworth, Mr. Wioming is noted both inside and outside of toe office for his clear bold caligraphy, and the careful methodical way in which he pens his messages. Pressmen in particular will have causa to regret his departure, as it h*m always tteen his aim to give them as little trouble in transcribing messages as possible. Though called away almost at a moment's notice, Mr. Manning's confreres entertained him last evening at a social gathering held for the purpose at the Australian Hotel, when abundant proofs were forthcoming of the high estimation formed of his character by those who know him best. Is the Government Gazette of Saturday last a return was published, giving the rainfall at the Queensland Meteorological stations last month. Once more the Johnstone River shows tile heaviest downpour, the register there being 10'25 in. Rain fell there on seven teen days. The greatest fall in a day was 4*50 in., at Helidon. The records for stations in the Central District were :— Aramac, 0-7$ in.; 'ft-'''*. 0-85 in., BlackalL 2-16 in.; Bustard Head, 3*85 in.; Thirty-three Mile, Central Railway, 0*41 in.; Clermont, 0~65 in.; Tffnu-ra.lf'j 0*41 in.; Gladstone, 1*10 in.; Isia ford, 1*32 in-; Langmorn, 1*55 in.; Marl borough, 0*65 in.; Minerva Downs, Cler mont, 0*52 in.; Mount Cornish, 0*75 in.; Mnttabnrra, 0*74in.; Nebo, 0-J2in.; NIve, 2-56 in.; Orion Downs, 0'35 in.; Rock hampton, 0*62 in.; Springsnre, 0'55 in.; St. Lawrence, 0*26in.; Tambo, 31 7 in.; Taroom, MO in.; Welford Lagoons. 0*77 in.; Winton, 1-26 in.; Woodlands, 1-39 in. At eleven stations no rain fell during the month. At an adjourned meeting of the itockhamp ton Tattersall's Club, held in the On Stanlev On Hotel, on Thursday, there were present : — Messrs. J. McFherson (in the chair), T. S. Morgan, J. 1L Headrick, M. H. Harris, G. May, A. Kroning, and Chester Master ( Secre- tary pro tem.) After the minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, the Chairman explained ^int the sub committee had waited upon several in fluential gentlemen who expressed willing ness to act as officials. The following were then elected : — President, Mr. A. Reid; Vice-president, Mr. J. Macpherson ; Honorary Treasurer, Mr. EL J. Finch ; Com mittee, Messrs. H. Cooper. C. W. Little, T. M-lAUghlin, J. 1L Headrick, T. S. Morgan, E. Lyons, A. H. Brown, P. E. DalzelL and R. Lea. Mr. Harris moved a vote of thanks to the Sab-committee for their success ful endeavours in obtaining citizens of standing to manage the clubs affairs. Mr. Kroning seconded the motion, which was cordially endorsed by the meeting. The Secretary was instructed to procure a copy of the rules of Brisbane Tattersalls, ana to ; obtain necessary information to assist the ? Committee in making the requisite arrange- j ments for the dne conduct of the Club. The I titjxiff.1 compliment to the Chairman concluded the .proceedings. . Our Senior Member, Mr. John Ferguson, at j the last meeting of the Chamber of Com merce, promised he would procure from the Government information which Mr. G. B. Shaw thought would give the public an idea of how the improvement works in the Fitzroy River were being carried on. At the time we suggested Mr. Ferguson would meet with | some difficulty in fulfilling his promise. We are pleased to note he lost no time in putting questions and getting answers, which are by no means satisfactory. More details must be obtained before the statistics can be intelli gently commented on. We are toM the quantity of silt raised by the ^Saurian during the first aix months of the year was 131.910 cubic yards, and that the number of punts, steamers, and boats employed was five. The hitter ia too indefinite. It might easily have been stated how many steamers there were, and how many boats and punts \ and the public would not have been c im pelled to seek further information. In reply to one question Mr. Ferguson has been told twenty -eight men were employed, and that the co.-sl a\ all labour was £'2006 3s. 5d. The cost of coal and other materiils used in the working of the dredge, steamers, &c;, is given as £713 10s. fcr coal and £3t-S 18s. 2d. ; and the remarkable information is vouchsafed that while the dredge works fifty eight hours per week the crew toil fox only forty-tight hours. A telegram was received ou Thursday last from Mr. Ferguson stating the plans, &c;, for \ the Emu Park Railway would be ready in six . weeks' time. ? On dit in Monday's Observer that Professor Pepper is likely to have a very successful time during his stay in Rockhampton, and is drawing good houses. — That it is not every day a real live ghost-maker is to be seen, and the good people of Rockhampton know how to appreciate one when they have the chance. The weekly sitting of the Small Debts Court was held on Thursday, the Police Magis trate presiding. In the following undefended cases verdicts were entered for the plaintiffs with costs : — W. Higson and Co. r. F. M'Mahon, goods, £2 4s. 3d.— 10s. costs.; W. Hughes r. J. Opfold, goods, £1 14s. 3d —10s. costs ; Bramble and Shannon r. H. Nesbitt, goods, £13 16s. 5d.— £2 12s. costs. Four cases were withdrawn, two adjourned for a week, four continued for service, three were settled by the amounts being paid into Court, and three were disposed of by the plaintifla con senting to judgment. On Tuesday last an accident occurred to Mr. H. F. Glindemann, landlord of the Union Hotel, Three-mile, which has necessi tated bis removal to the Hospital. It seems Mr. Glindemann was driving towards Rock hampton in a spring-cart, and when near the Poultry Farm the horse bolted and capsized the vehicle. The occupant was thrown violently to the ground. He was subse quently picked up by the driver of the coach and taken to town where his removal to the Hospital was recommended. So far as we can gather the consequences of the accident are only likely to be temporary incon venience mid THvin, the r^mlt of a severe shaking. V jFAs interesting »»*d exciting match came on 5n'Monday evening at tie Central Queensland Meat Preserving Works, at Lake's Creek, between two butchers named Charles Ander son and Frederick Banmann, who for a wager undertook to Bkin and dress a bullock against each other. Anderson gave his opponent a start of one minute. Baumaun had his bullock c*i-inn-wj H-'«j dressed in 7 'linw. 51 sees., Anderson finishing his nrP'iR^ in 7 '»nq 42 sees. Baumaun thus won through his time allowance. The match was carried out in the presence of a large n amber of the employees, who took great in terest in tiie struggle Mr. J. Hamley acted as timekeeper and umpire. It may be rn^n tinned tJntfr the mitch was performed pftyr a hard day's work, the men having skinned and dressed 123 bullocks before starting their contest. A so&E; throat, says a contemporary, may come from a variety of causes, but frequently from taking cold. In many persons the slightest chUl is felt at once in the tonsils. A wet cloth around the neck, covered with a dry one during the night, is often effective, if care be taken not to expose the throat to cold in the morning. Whenever there ib redness or inflammation of the frnf11'^. or back of the mouth, a very simple remedy, usually efiec tive, and in no case harmful, is a teaspoonful of chlorate of potash solution, used as a gargle, and then swallowed. Repeat this every two or three hours as long as necessary. Chlorate of potash is cheap, is found at all druggists, and it is well to keep it on hand in eolutaon. In a large vial, or small bottle of water, put as much chlorate of potash as will dissolve on shaking and standing and the solution is always ready for use. A pint of cold water will dissolve about nn ounce. Chlorate of potash contains about two-fifths of its weight of pnre oxygen, and this readily orydizes any disorganised material and is frequently useful to the whole system. At the conclusion of the proceedings at the PoliceCourton Tuesday the Police Magistrate presided at a sitting of the Small Debts Court for the purpose of hearing on interpleader case. The claimant was Thomas Keating, a storekeeper ; the execution creditor William Belfield, a publican: and the defendant George Hayes, lately a storekeeper. Mr. Melbourne appeared for the claimant and Mr. Pattison for the execution creditor. On the 9th instant Belfield was awarded a verdict for £25 4s. with £2 12s. costs in an action against George Hayes for a dishonoured promissory note. About that time Hayes was I the proprietor of a grocery store in Denison- I street, but on the bailiff proceeding to the premises to execute the commission he found Keating in possession. It was then a dispute arose as to the bailiff's right to take the goods away, and for implication in which Keating and Honriean were fined on Friday. Several witnesses were examined yesterday, and from their statements it appeared Hourigan, who carries on business as a grocer, bought the goods seized by the bailiff from Haves, and resold them to Keating. The Police' Magis trate ordered the goods to be returned to Keating, but made no order as to costs. The following notifications were published in the Government Gazette of Saturday last : — Private J. A. Thomas, to be transferred from A Company to B Company, Moreton Regiment ; W. G. Hodges, to be acting -captain of A Company. Mackay ; G. Dimmock, to be acting-lieutenant A Company, Mackay ; W. S. Vincent, to be acting-captain B Company. Townsville ; H. F. Rourke and G. Ryan, to be acting- lieu tenants B Company, Townsville ; Janice Mathieson, to l-e Government Klcc triciun ; U. P. I*opham and E. Batteraby, Sufi'; James Mitchell, to be actingt-hicf draftsman in the office of the Registrar of Titles during the absence on leave of the chief draftsman ; R. W. Moran, to be deputy ru turning-officer for the electoral district o'f Gregory during the absence of the returning officer; T. Ridgley, M.B., to be surgeon in the Defence Force with the rank of captain : R. Tregasis, to be a lieutenant provisionally in ; the Defence Force ; Lieutenant-Colonel J. 8. Armitage, to be a lieutenant- colonel on the unattached list of the Queensland Defence Force ; H. E. Ashley and O. L. Boys, to be inspectors of distilleries. The appended reserves have been proclaimed — For public j purposes, town of Bavenswood, county of Gladstone, parish of Ravenswood, 2 acres 3 roods 4J perches ; for pound, town of Spring sure, county of Den is on, parish of Spring- ? sure, 1 acre 22 perches ; for water and ' :amping on the Karcoo River, county of Tambo, parish of Greendalc, about 9S3 acres. Mb. D. Temple, whose homestead is situated i at the head of Frenchman's Creek, informs us i he has experienced no frost during tbe recent ] cold weather. None of the tropical and other ' plants he has growing there have been ; touched, which U explained probably by i he j fact that they are sheltered by bills from the westerly winds. The British India and Queensland Agency Company have been advised by cable from I Messrs. Gray, Dawes, and Co., that the ' following additional steamers of the Qaeens land line have been fitted with refrigerating machinery : — The Merkara, which is ap pointed to leave London on the 29th July, for Queensland, with 20J tons space for meat, and the Bulimba, with 250 tons meat space, to leave London on the 25th August. The steamer Duke of Westminster, which is now on her way to London, rid ports, will follow the Bulimba to Queensland on the Gth October. The inquiry into the death of Richard M'Kone, whose body was found in the rirer on Monday, was concluded on Friday before Messrs. J. W. Face and A. Meikle. JJ.P. Dr. Thurston, medical officer for the port, stated he examined a body on the river bank near the Deepwater Wharf on Monday last ; he was told it was that of a mut] named Richard M'Kone ; he discovered no marks -Qf violence on it, and believed death resulted from drowning ; appearances led him to believe it had been in the water four or five days. The depositions were ordered to be forwarded to the Attorney-General. At the Police Court on Friday, before the Police Magistrate, Thomas Scott, charged with larceny, was remanded till Monday. Cornelias Hourigan appeared to answer the information of James Delaney, Bailiff of the Small Debts Court, charging him with having interfered with him in the execution of his duty. Mr. Pattison appeared for the com plainant, and Mr. Melbourne for the defen dantlt sp*»Tnf, from the evidence of Delaney and William Belfield, publican, that Delaney was removing a bag of sugar from George Hayea1 store in Denison-street about four o'clock on Tuesday afternoon to a cart when Hourigan came in. He said to a man nam«j^ Thomas Keating ' If the goods were mine I would not alow him to take them.' Keating was resting his hand on a 7 lb. weight, and Delaney removed it He also proceeded to take a second bag of sugar, and Hourigan said to Keating (* Do not let him take it.' With that DeUmcy left, saying ' All right, I will try to teach you manners ;' and returned about five o'clock with a constable. On the way he met Hourigan and Keating, who told him be could take what he wanted, and he did so. In reply to Mr. Melbourne Delaney said he had not tavk**-n out the information when he was told he could take the things. Keating, wbo was called for the defence, corroborated Delaney's testimony, adding only that Hourigan, when asked by the bailiff what right he had in the store, replied ** The goods are mine. Keating bought them from me, and has not paid for them.' Defendant was fined 5s. with £1 Is. professional costs add 10s. witness1 expenses. Thomas Keating pleaded guilty to a Bi*'ilar offence, and was fined os. with £1 Is. professional costs and 5s. witnesses1 expenses. French, Captain Ktlia held an inquiry on Friday at the Drill Shed into the compUint made by Lieutenant Koch, of A Company, I against Peter Crawley, lately a sergeant in that company. The charge was that Crawley used insulting language and disobeyed orders at the Rifle Range on :tls; January. A 'fiimd deal of evidence was taken, anJ it will be ' forwarded to Colonel French. It seeuis | Crawley accompanied the members of A Company to the Rifle Range on the date | named Mark Brewer. It was overheard by | Lieutenant Koch, who, thinking it disrespect- i fnl to the officers of the company, ordered ! Crawley to be qniet Crawley replied that be was speaking to Brewer and not to Lieu tenant Koch, and continued the conversation. Again be was told to cease, but continuing ' Lientenant Koch told him that unless he stopped he would have him placed under arrest. Crawley said ** Von cannot, you are Lieutenant Koch said he was to consider bim to show what the insoltin' lan^uaue Mas, Lieutenant Koch merely stating ^tt h^d reference to the distribution of the prize money for shooting and reflected on the officers' actions. At the inquiry Crawley was ' questions and frequently interrupting, ami even declaring that laa.'i Ucut^iint Ko.h stated iu a court of law what ho h:iil at the inquiry he wouM have Wen ILiMc to prosecution for pi-rnir\\-. Tlnur-h llie evidence of srvvral witn.-^-s n.i' i . a-J over, ami it is to W forwards! to H.-i-kme. Knee.' He 'said 'he' was satiftiod w'ith Pthe under orders and was not on \v.r\He at tlu- time he was placed under arrest lieca.tsf- he l:.-ul the Drill SU«i t.- tlu- Rifle 'llutu with tL The inquiry was closed, and the evidcuct* will be forwarded to Colonel French. Crawley remarked, as he was leaving the room, that it did not matter to him what the verdict was, for he was no longer a member of the company. A theft of a petty character was com- mitted at the School of Arts on Monday evening. During Professor Pepper's lecture coats belonging to Messrs. H. Pepper and C. Walker (pianist) were stolen from the room next the stage. THREE Parisian manufacturers, in order trf make tomatoes appear redder than nature has coloured them, have been varnishing them with a chemical compound and selling them as ' best quality tomatoes,' These ingenious falaificators have been condemned to pay a fine of one franc — not a very deterrent penalty. The monthly meeting of the Central Queens land Farmers1 and Selectors1 AwRfy^atipq should hat'e been held on Saturday fore noon, but owing to the small atteDr dano: it lapsed. No one put in no appearance till nearly twelie o'clock— an lour after the time appointed for the meeting. It would Eeem as if members have lost all interest in the Society Ol'u Wharf Labourers' Union must nave. discovered the error they committed in endea vouring to extort a high rate of wages front Messrs. W. Reid and Co. when business was dull, wages generally low, and a number of men were awaiting employment. Their mis take is daily becoming more apparent, and while its results may be severely felt by some members of tbe Union it will be a lesson to them in the future. They must now feel it. would have been wiser to continue working at the old rate of wages — fair and reasonable — than to have been denied tbe opportunity of' assisting in the nntn^/iinoafifi loading of boats for which that firm are the agents. Their places are now filled by non-Union men, wbo do a fair day's work for a fair day's pay, and the unionists are left with little or nothing to do. Unless there is an alteration in tbe exist ing state of affairs betweea the firm and the Union we are afraid members of the latter will have to find work elsewhere than on the wharf. Ik a few weeks time we wOl be 'favoured with a visit from the great temperance lecturer and enthusiast, Mr. EL. T. Booth, and probably many citizens will then be thrown into a whirl of excitement by the movement, which has for its object the pre vention of the use of into-cicating beverages.* It is a remarkable fact that wherever Mr. Booth sets toot ne at once inaugurates a spirit of enthusiasm in the cause of temperance 'ttiat is really astonishing, and equally nnsccount* able. He succeeds in inducing many sober individuals who have hitherto been wMwrta*fl to taking a little drop '-just as a tonic 'or because they feel it 'does them good'? to don the blue ribbon, and become a staunch teetotallers. In Brisbane his mission iias been attended with success equal to that s£ correspondent tells us he claims to have dit*-' tributed two thousand blue ribbons since hia arrival there, and eighteen hundred of these are new pledges. Ope. cablegrams to-day announce the destib of Sir Moses Moutefiorc at the advanced age of one hundred years. From Men of tte Time we gather the following :— Montefiorej Sir Moses, Bart, son of tie l&te; Joseph Montefiore, Esq., born Oct. 24, 1784, served the office of sheriff of London in 1837. and was knighted on the visit of Her Majesty to the Guildhall, Nov. 9. He has been Higfc Sheriff of Kent, in which county he resides,' and was raised to a baronetcy in 1846, in recognition of his high character and public sen-ices. He went, about 1S40, on a mjsnein to the East, in order to secure certain richtt for the Jewish brethren at Damascus ; and, after his return, having accomplished his oV ject, was presented by the Jews oE the met ropolis with a handsome piece of plate as a token of their regard. In 1S64 he received the thanks of the Court of Common Council for the signal services he had rendered by persons oppressed for their religious convict ions, and more especially by a journey to Morocco, undertaken to solicit the emperor to relieve tits Jewish and Christian subjects from all ch-il and religions disabilities. In I SOT he was successful in a mission to Roumelia in favour of his oppressed brethren in that conntrv. Sir Moses founded, in 1S6T, a .Jewish college at Ramsgate, in memory of his wife, Judith, Lady Montefiore. The usual monthly meeting of the Bock* hampton Fire Brigade was held on Monday. Wheu the roll was called twenty-three mem bers, including Superintendent Wakefield, ins^virrtd to tbeir names. Hose practice wa£ indulged in at tlie comer of East and Fitzroy Streets, and the plant in the Engine Hnncp inspected. Both the practice and the inspec tiun proved satisfactory. Subsequently the business. After the minutes were confirmed* Messrs. R. Moore and A. Oraham, jr., -roe elected members. A motion was carried roll for iiun -attendance. Several copies of the new rules lately gazetted were distributed among the members *.nj*l it was agreed that the Brigade officers nipct on Tuosilay, I lth August, to consider th ' W-t mean* for carTvintj out the provisions ,.f the niV uhi.h n-a»!s.is ft.Uo«s :—' There sli.il! W an ov-uniiiati.iu of m-mbers of the r.riji.lo. t-- Li- i-iui.l'iL-icil l-y the superiiiten ? icnt iiad .^-i-t..n: Mint- rintcudeut, in tbe ii:n(it!i of t Vt- 'i*i r -.\u ii veir. Any member who at such .Liinu.'.l examination sliaU be found to have iittoiuUtl uiiiv gcucral practices in the year, aud who siiall answer to the satis faction of the examiners such questions rela tive to apparatus, hose, and tare-plugs, and .'?u.-h other (jiiestions bearing in the duties pur^Mr of testing his efficiency , shall hive a -uld strips pWd on the left arm of bis ii :i if urn) jacket. Members passing three annual examinations shall be entitled to three gold stripes, and shall then be considered an j permanent effectives.' The election and nomination of supernumeraries were ordered ( to stand over tantal uest week* ', One of a new form of interesting social gatherings which are becoming popular in Rockhampton — an opea meeting of a lotlfle — was held on Tuesday evening in the Baptist Church in connection with tbe ttand of Hope , affiliated to that denomination. The Rev. ? E. C. Tucker presided, and, after praise and ; prayer, he gave an inaugural address. It wU of an interesting character, and was listened to attentively. Then followed a t duet the lion of J u Jali on the orgun Wkd violin respectively l»y Messrs H'*-ani ajid Spooner. Tliis was the prelude to a pro gramme of instrumvutal anil vocal music inter apereed with reciUtious. The vocalists were- - I HteAnaie-?ark.MiafM. Panly, Master John ; Bird, and Messrs. U. Jenkins, J. Hcirn, and X. Ayliag. TImwc who gave recitatutua ami readings were— .Missus E. Clark and Elliott, aad Masters D. Wotherspoon and J. Laurie. Jtr. George Busby gave a solo on tbc piccolo ; and the choir sang several hymns in good ?tyle. Master W. Laurie, at the conclusion of tbe first part of tbe entertainment, read hb essay on ' Moderation,' for which he gained & prize against two other contestants. Prises were then distributed for regular atten dance, winging, reciting, and reading. Yse quarterly meeting of members of the Rockhampton Wharf Labourers Union was held on Wednesday evening in the Protestant HalL Tbe principal basineas was the election of officers lor the quarter, in. which, there t^irig a. large number of candidates, much interest was manifested. The following mem ber* were retnrned for the offices to which their names are attached .—President, Mr. J. Walker; Vice-President, Mr. T. Menzies ; Secretary, Mr. D. Macmill&n.; The other matters which engaged attention were of no public importance, consisting chiefly of grants to members who are ill. Relative to the dis pute with Messrs. W. Keid and Co., the President of the Union informs us it has been settled bo far as tbe Union is concerned, He Bays a deputation recently waited on Mr. F. K. Terry, the firm's manager, and represented tiie willingness of members to return to work «t the original rate of wages — Is. per hour ; and that the interviewers were told the Unionists would be taken on asain. He says the promise has not been kept, and considers tbe Colon has been unfairly treated. The unfair treatment, it is averred, consists in the an. urgent occasion after the settlement of tbe wages question ; and the refusal of the firm's officers to employ thffn now when other men we available. The Eev. W. T. Tnomiiffl Webber, D.D.. late vicar of St John's, Red lion Square, The Burnt Xeux Bays, was consecrated Bishop of prfaVnp in. St. Paul's Cathedral on June II. These was & large congregation. The Dean ?nd Cathedral clergy received the Arch bishop of Canterbury, the Bishops of London, rViftfla and Bedford, Bishops Tufnell and ftf^nhtnann L ami the Bishop Designate in the Sooth-west or Wellington Chapel of St. Paul's, and a procession was formed. Passing from the west door of the Cathedral (the j»t^»rr Ringing ** The Church's one iouiuii taon') the procession reached the entrance to tile cfaoir, whereupon the assistant Bishops and Dr. Webber were conducted to seats in front of the pulpit. The Archbishop, the Stoop of London, and the Bishop -i Carlisle proceeded to the Holy table, and his Grace bomediately commenced Che Commanion service (morning prayer having been said at £gnt o'clock), the epistle being read by the Bishop of London, and the Gospel by the Bishop of Carlisle. At the conclusion of the Kicene Creed, the Eev. J. \Y. Shepard preached the sermon. The Archbishop and the other prelates having performed the ceremony of the 'laying on of hands,' tbe newly-consecrated Bishop took bis seat on the south side of the sa-jrariucn. The Holy Archbishop of Canterbury, assisted by the Bishops ot Loudon and Carlisle, ami Canon Gregory being the celebrants, first to the ntehops and clergy, and afterwards to the laity™ J Otm Sydney telegrams of tin; 23rd instant convey the sad intelligence of the Jeath of J Sir George WigramAllen, luteSpeakerof the Legis Utive Assembly of New -South Wales. It oc cored ifter a short illaesa. ' Australian Men of tbe Time' s»ys of him :— '? Allen, Sir Ueorge Wigram, Knight, son at the late Hon. George Allen, M.L.C., bora in Sydney, May 16, 1S24. He was educated by Mr. W. T. Cape at his private school^ and afterwards at Svdney College. In 1839 he took tbe first medal in classics, and in the following year gained the nignert prizes in the same subject and in mathematics. In 1S41 he was articled to his father, and Gve years afterwards was ad mitted as an attorney a-ud solicitor of the Supreme Court of New South Wales. He married in July, 1851, the eldest daughter of the Rev. W. B. Boyee. first President of the Australasian Wesleyan Conference. In 1S53 be waa appointed University solicitor, and subsequently one of the superior officers of that body, la LS59 be was made a Magis trate, and chosen first Mayor of the Muni cipality of the Glebe, (where he resides,) to which office he was re-elected for IS Consecu tive years. In I860, Sir William Denison ap pointed him a Member of the Legislative Council. Id JS69 he was elected Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Glebe, which constituency he has ever since represented. In. 1870, he wad chosen President of tba Law Institute, which office he still holds. He was for fourteen years — 1853-06 — a Commissioner of National Education, and has been a member of the Council of Education bince 1873\. On the creation of the department of Justice and Public Instruction in 1S73, he was appointed its first Siinister, and retained thst position till tbt resignation of the Parkes Administration in Ib75. On March 23, 1S7S, be was chosen Speaker of the Legislative As sembly, and re-elected to that office March 30, 1875, and November 27, 1877, and was knighted in 1877. In 1878. he was elected to the seat in the Senate of the University Tttftnt by the decease of hia fatter.' A meeting of members of the Fitzroy Racing Club convened for Wednesday night was heMjn the On Stanley Ott HoteL There were about ten gentlemen present, and Mr. J. Maupherson presided. Tiie Hon. Secretary (Mr. Chester Master) explained that the meeting was called to appoint a Committee to arrange for the annual race meeting at Christ mas. The Committee could decide what was to be done in the matter of collecting subscrip tions and arranging the programme, b*-th of which objects should be taken early in hand as the IWkuampfcaii Cluh intended holding a Spring meeting. This latter idea, if carried out, would greatly assist theni, as many hordes would be training. The CUairmau said it bad iiecu suggested to him that a. Tatters JTs Club should be formed, and he thought such an institution was wanted here to regulate matters in betting where disputes lad arisen and to present defaulters running horses here, Mr. Harris supported the chairman's remarks and after a short dis cussion moved, *' That a Club be formed to be called the Rockhampton TattersalTe Club with a Committee of nine and to be managed and governed bv a set of rules similar to those of Brisbane Tattersall's Club.' The motion was seconded by Mr. Headrick and carried. Mr. Chester Master was appointed Hon. Secretary pro tern on tbe motion of Messrs, Comley aud Harris. Mr. T. S. Morgan moved that a sab- committee consist ing of the Chairman, the Hon. Secretary, Mr. Headrick, and the mover wait on gentlemen md submit their names as officials to a meeting to be held next night at eight o'clock in the same place. The effects of the decision arrived at by the North Rockhampton Municipal Council at its last meeting, and which had for its object the conservation of the supply of water in die Kalka Creek well, has been severely felt by many residents of Lake's Creek. They hare condemned the Council's action, but that it was wise is now noticeable. Already those affected by the imposition of the charge of Is. a cask for water, bare drafted a petition praying for assistance, and it ie to be presented to tbe Gogango Divisional Board at its meeting next Tuesday. We have no doubt it will receive the favourable considera tion it deserves, and hope there may be no delay in giving effect to the prayer of the petitioners. Toe petition is as follows, and it speaks for itself : — ** This petition humbly and respectfully showeta— That we, the undersigned ratepayers of Oogango division, subdivision No. 2, are all interested, and chiefly resident in the neighbourhood of, Koongal and Lake's Creek. That we bave been, during the drought, and still are, de pendent for a precarious supply of water on the well at K&lka; Creek, on which water the Borough o( North Bockhamptoo bave lately imposed a tax of Is. per cask, and there is some fear that even this may faiL That good and permanent water has been found on private property in our neighbour hood at a depth of from twenty to twenty five feet, leading us to hope that a plentiful snpply could be secured with little labour and expense j suitable situations for well-sinking are abundant in the locality. Toot peti tioners therefore beg and request that you will cause tbe neighbourhood to be ex&mined; and a well sunk to meet the requirements of this rapidly progressive portion of the Lieutenant Dbakk, who arrived here on Monday with the intention of assisting in the fat.n Mjshmppt of &\- Naval Brigade, addressed a meeting on Wednesday evening in the Council Chambers. There were fully eighty present, and the rni'r was **kon by Mr. J. W. Face, Mayor of North Bockbiunpton* The Oiuunnao opened the proceedings b/ referring to the object for which the meeting hod been called, and briefly introduced lieutenant Drake. Lieutenant Drake, in hie remarks, explained several clauses in the Defence Act and the regulations relating to the establishment of naval brigades^ which he read. He endeavoured to make their ni**Jtning as dear as possible to his auditors, and told them he was sorry he could been seamen. Others who had signed the lift forwarded to the Government he thanked for their patriotism, and asked tiiem to recollect tliat he was only carrying out tbe conditions of the Defence Act in allowing only seamen to enrol. The number of drills a wewhttr would have to attend yearly, the hoars they would have to drill to be classed as efficients, the pay they would receive, and other mattes were touched upon ; and tbe arrangements as to recruit drills fully explained. He said he would get the drills over as rapidly as pos sible ; he would probably call them out four nights a week and on Saturday afternoons so that they might commence the year fairly. They had at present only Snider rifles, but they would have plenty to do — including, of course, cutlass drill — before a gun was mounted. He expressed, a hope those who were not present would attend at tbe Drill Shed on Friday evening, and fill op the corps immediately. fie would then invite tenders for the uniforms, the greater part of the material for which was ordered and was now on the way from Brisbane. The reason he wished to make an early start and get through the recruit drills was because be would have to go away in. three weeks' time ; but he hoped to leave them a good instructor. He would call here again, and see how they were progressing. He thanked Messrs. G. H. W3d and J. Ross for the trouble they had taken in collecting names and doing all the preliminary work. In conclusion he said he would take the names of men willing to enrol, and would answer any questions that might be asked. Twenty-four seamen notified their intention of becoming members, but it is probable a much larger number will be enrolled to- morrow evening. Mr. Boss explained that many were unable to attend owing to a meeting of the Wharf Labourer*' Union. The meeting vu of a most enthusiastic character, and augurs well for the future anoceas of tbe Brigade, Caedetal M*Cabe has died a compara tively poor maa. Cardinals before bim have left princely fortunes. The full value of his assets is £750, and he leaves his residence in Dublin to his successor, expressing a wish that the residence should be handed down the line of succession of cardinals. At a meeting of the directors of the Yeppoon Sugar Company held on Thursday at the offices of Messrs. Brown and Bisien appli cations were received by the sitting directors for some two hundred shares of the new issue representing £1000; and also provisional applications for fonr hundred shares repre* Benting £2000 on the understanding that the bulk of the capital was subscribed by others. Now that the capabilities of the soil and climate at Yeppoon hare been thoroughly tested and a good sample of sugar has been made, it is to be hoped that the public will join those gentlemen who have applied for shares provisionally so that the whole o! the capital may be subscribed. A special meeting of the Cunnnttee of the School of Arts was held on Thursday afternoon for the purpose of thanking Professor Pepper for tbe manner in which he had fulfilled hia engagement. Mr. H. Jones presided. There were also present '.—Messrs. S. G. Hill, S. Williams, S. W. Hartley, H. Mills, F. JL Rothery, and £. L. Hanna. The Chairman tendered to Professor Pepper the thanks of tbe Committee for bis visit to Rockhampton. and for delivering such cm interesting course of lectures. Professor Pepper, in replying, said he was pleased at the audtencee which assembled nightly to listen to his discourses, and mentioned he should be happy to again visit Rockhampton. and give another aeries. He expressed his thanks to the Committee, the Secretary, and all with whom he had come in contact for their fcin-S'P*ffl. Professor Pepper leaves here to-day by the Derwent, s.s., for Brisbane. Recekt telegrams from South Australia, Bays the Qwenslond JHnug, have informed us that tiie Government of that colony has, taken alarm at the proposal which has been tnade in. Victoria to divert a considerable portion of the waters of the River Murray for irrigation purposes. It seems that what the authorities in the latter colony contem plate doing is to construct a canal, 400 miles long, to conduct water into the heart of the northern areas of Victoria. The canal it to have a carrying capacity of 3000 ft. per second, end u to be fed from the Murray and two or three email Victorian rivers. As irri gation is most required in the summer season, when the rivers are generally low, the taking of 3000 cubic feet of water per second ont of the Murray at such a time would, as the S. JT. Stroid points out, produce almost a water famine below the point where the river was tapped by toe canal. It would, a-t any rate, cause serious risk to South AnrftrMi0- j and *e are not surprised, therefore, that the people of that colony are objecting to the pro posal of their Victorian neighbours. 05£of Philadelphia's leading physicians, fc specialist in ^i««***Aq of the lungs, says that imperfect respirttkm is at the bottom of much trouble. In such a case be shows the patient haw to swell out the whole chest fall and round fcy a deep iDBpiratjon, elevKtinz and throwing Fwurk. the shoulders ; and then when he has gotten into his lungs the last atom of air possible, to hold it in tightlv for a little time, and then let it off slowly, blow ing out every atom of it he possibly can by forcible expiration, drawing the shouldere for ward and pressing in the chest to the smallest possible ffOTnpn^Bi thus throwing ont almost all of the residual air, and all through the nose, with tie month tightly closed. 'Let him take a half dozen or more such forced respira tions a dozen times a day,' says the doctor, 'and be will soon doable his vital capacity and relieve himself of most of his Bupposed chest trouble. Such forced respiration will compel every air cell possible to freely admit wholesome air into the little spaces and to erpel it also, and some air cells that do fiat often perform their functions healthily will be compelled to do so.' The death of Prince Karageorgevitch, says the St. Jauu-i Gazette, marks a stage in the current of a terrible romance. &ib; father was a brigand and oatlatr, renowned for giant strength and desperate ferocity beyond compare even in Servia. When that famous quarrel occurred between Christian and Mos lem women, at the public fountain in Bel grade, Black George and his band of cut-throats headed tbe insurrection. The re sult we all know. He was named Prince of Servia, and triumphantly carried on la that rank the exploits which had earned hia repu tiou. His rival, Milan Obrenovitcb, the pig dealer, formed a conspiracy, and surprised bim at a village hahn or pothouse. Such was the dread men felt of Black George's prowess that though the murderers numbered over twenty they dared not assail frim, even sleeping. ObreaQvitch. and bis bravest com rade stole in, and, standing one on either side the couch, slashed those terrible arms with a simultaneous cut, as they lay relaxed in slumber j but more that) one nnwiRnr' was crushed to death before the gallant ruffian succumbed. Obrenovitch succeeded him, bat be proved more blood-thirsty, in a cold and cruel way, than bis predecessor. The people rose at length, and recalled the dynasty of Black George. Prince Alexander, who h&s; just died, came to the throne, but if he bore a striking similarity to his father in some respects, be did not show such shrewdness. A plot among his officers rid the country of him without bloodshed to speak of, as things go in Servia. The son of Milan succeeded, but he was murdered whilst walking with some ladies in the neighbourhood of his palace. How many times the life of Milan, the present King, has been attempted he him self probably does not know. The late Prince ?' married money,*1 and his Bon is husband to the daughter of Prince Nicholas, of Mon tenegro. It u safe to predict that the ndven turong story of the Karageorgevitch is not yet flniahqd. A vbky fair start has now been made, says tbe Courier, with the duplication of the line from Brisbane to Ipswich. The contractors for the bridge work are at present busy in constructing a temporary deviation at the Distillery Bridge for the purpose of carrying the traffic whils the bridge is being widened and lppgthpn-j^ 100ft. The wort ox widening the deep cuttiqg near the old gaol, an J adding the material excavated to the high embankment * fliwttjng on to t^*fi ' fandjre mentioned, is also being proceeded with. While this work is In progress Boundary etreet, between the Milton and Toowong roads, is closed. Tbe works in connection with the new station buildings at Ipswich *re being pushed forward with as little delay as possible. 