NINA; Or, Darkness and Daylight. CHAPTER XXXSV.— Etna's Letter. After,,a -week or two had passed, Arthur ?went occasionally to Collingwood, where Richard greeted him most cordially, urging liim to come more frequently, and wonder ing why he always seemed in bo much haste to get away.. On the occasion, of these visits Edith usually kept out of the way, ^avoiding him so studiously that Richard began to fear she might perhaps dislike him, and he resolved to ask her the first opportu nity. Bnt Edith avoided, him, too, never coming now to sit with him. alone ; some body must always be present ?when she was ?with him, else had her bursting heart be trayed the secret telling so fearfully upon Jher. Oh, how hateful to her were the prepara tions for her bridal, which 'had commenced on a most magnificent scale, for Richard, after waiting1 so long, would have a' grand wedding, and that all who chose might witness the ceremony, it was to be per formed in the church, from which the guests would accompany him back to Col lingwood. ' All Shannondale was interested, and the most extravagant stories were set afloat, not ?'only concerning the trousseau of the bride, but the bride herself. What ailed her ?? What made her so cold, so white, so proudly reserved, so like a walking ghost ? She, who had been so full of vigorous life, so merry, so light-hearted. Could it be the mourning for sweet little Uina, or was it ? ? ' And here the knot of gossipers, at the corner of the streets, or in the stores, or in the parlors at home, would draw more closely together as they whispered, 'Dobb she love Richard Harrington as she ought? Is not her heart given to the younger, handsomer St. Claire ?* How they pitied her if it were so, and bow curiously they watched her whenever she appeared . in. their midst, remarking every action, and construing it according to their convictions. Victor, too, was on the alert, and fully aware of the public feeling. Day after day he watched his young mistress, following her when she left the house alone, and seeing her more than once when in the ' Deering Woods she laid her face in the .springing- grass and prayed, that she might die. Bnt from her promise, sworn to Richard, she would have gone to him and : kneeling at his feet begged him to release ber from her vow, and to spare her the dreadful trial from which she shrank more and more as she saw it fast approaching. Edith was almost crazy, and Arthur, ?whenever he chanced to meet her, mar \- veiled at the change since he saw her last. ? Once he, too, thought of appealing to Richard to save her' from so sad a fate as 'that of an unloving wife, but he would jiot interfere, lest by so doing he should err again ; and so in dreary despair, which each day grew blacker and more hopeless, Edith was left alone, umtil Victor roused in ?? her behalf, and without allowing himself time to reflect, sought his master's presence, bearing with, him Nina's letter, and the soiled sheet on -which Richard had unwit tingly scratched out Arthur's marriage. It was a warm, balmy afternoon, and through the open windows of the library the \- south wind came stealing in, laden with the perfume of the pink-tinted apple bloesdms, and speaking to the blind man of the long ago, when it 'was bis to see the budding beauties now shutout from, the sight. The hum of the honey-bee was heard, and the air was rife with the sweet sounds of later spring. Oil the ? branch of a tree without, a robin was tril ling a song. It had sung there all the morning, aad now it had come back again, \- singing a second time to Richard, who thought of the soft nest up in the old maple, and likened .that robin and its mat© to himself and Edith, bis own einging bira. -?-.? ? ??; -.: ?;??:? ? .- ;_. ^-.. But why lingered long over that May day' ?which Richard remembered thro^igh many, many fuifcare years, growing faint -jumI «ick as often ? *s the spring '^brought J-ack wthe .apple bloBSom. perfume or the sdng of mated Tbbrofl. ; ;lt isj -alas, ^thial ptre -*hftnk; ' as' Ywtofc$dB'#«»^ lfi&}Miii%p :$&&&:&»: tyxrtr ,*?l»efc-:sraJL ? atnl»'Jf'«t1;''f!h«-'-:'irbot.- ^«f,.;^bbjpt^«ii««y life, and we approach tearfully/ pityingly, »?'- ? ' '-: ? . . ? ' ?'. .'???;.???????. half remorsefully, as we stand sometimes by I a sunken grave, doubting whether our con- 1 duct to the dead, were^always right and just. So Victor felt, as he drew near to Richard, and sitting down beside him, said, 1 Can I talk with you a while about Miss Hastings ?' Richard started. Victor had come to tell him she was sick, and he asked if it were not so. ' Something has ailed her or late,* he said. ' She is greatly changed . since Jfina's death. She mourns much for her sister.' ' Yes,' returned Victor, * she loved Nina dearly, but it is more than this wEich ails her. God forbid that I should unneces sarily wound you, Mr. Harrington, but I think it right for you to know.' .. The dark face shaded with the long beard was very white now, and the sightless eyes had in them a look of terror as Richard asked, ' What is it Victor ? Tellme.' ' Come to the sofa first,' Victor rejoined, feeling intuitively that he was safer there than in that high arm chair, and with un usual tenderness he led his master to the spot, then sitting down beside him, he con tinued, * Do you remember Nina once made you write something upon a sheet of .paper, and that you bade me ascertain what it was ?' * Yes, I remember,' answered Richard, ' you told me you had not read it, and im puting it to some crazy fancy of no impor tance, I gave it no more thought. What of it, Victor ?' *I had not read it then, 'answered Victor; ! *? but I have done so since. I have it in my possession — here in my hand. 'Would you like to hear it ?' Richard nodded, and Victor read aloud : ' I, the blind man, Richard Harrington, do hereby solemnly swear that the marriage of Arthur -St. Claire and Isina, Bernard, per formed by me, and at my house, is null and void.' 1 What ! Read it again ! It cannot be that I heard it aright,' and Richard listened while Victor repeated the lines. * Arthur and Nina! Was she the young girl wife. . he the boy husband, who came to me ibatl night?' Richard exclaimed. ' Why have I never known of this before ? Why did Edith keep it from me ? Say. Victor,' and again Richard listened, this time, oh, how eagerly, while Victor told him what he knew of that fatal marriage, kept so long a secret, and as be listened the beaded drops stood thickly upon his forehead and gathered around, his ashen lips, for Victor purposely let fall a note of warning, w£ich Bhofc through the quivering nerves of the blind man like & barbed burning arrow, wringing from him the piteous cry, 'Oh, Victor, Victor, does she — does Edith love Arthur ? Has she loved him all the time? Is it tins which makes her voice so sad, her step so slow ? Speak — better that I know it now than after 'tis too late. What other paper is it you are un folding ?' * 'Tis a letter from Nina to you. Can you hear it now ?' 'Yes, but tell me first all you know. Don't -withhold a single thing. I would hear the whole.' So Victor told him what he knew up to the time of their going to Florida ; and then opening Nina's letter, he began to read, pausing occasionally to ask if lie should stop. ' No, no ; go on,' Richard whispered, hoarsely, his head dropping lower and lower until the face was hidden from view and the chin rested upon the chest, which heaved with every labored breath. Once at the words, 'When you hear this Nina'U be there with you. She'll sit upon your knee, and wind her arms around your neck' — he started, and seemed to be thrust ing something from his lap — something which made him shiver, Was it Nina? He thought so, and strove to push her off, but when Victor read, ' She will comfort you when the great cry comes in — the crash like the breaking up of the ice in the north ern ponds,' he ceased to struggle, and Vic tor involuntarily stopped when he saw the long arms twine themselves as it were around an invisible form. Then he com menced again : * And when you feel yourself broken up like they are in the spring, listen and you'll -hear me 'whispering, ' Poor Richard ! I pity you so much,' and I'll kiss your tears away.' Did he hear her? Hear Nina whispering comfort to his poor bruised heart ? We caTi not telL We only know he bent his ear lower, as if to catch the faintest breath ; but alas! there was no tear to kiss away. The blind eyes could not weep — they, were too hot, too dry for that — and blood-red rings of fire_ danced before them as they did when Nina came to him with the startling news that Miggie was dead in- the Deering Woods. . _ ' Victor was reading now about these woods and the scene enacted there, and Richard understood it all, even to the reason why Edith had persisted in being hisTvife. The. deepest waters run, silently, it is said, and so, perhaps the strongest heart when crushed to atoms lies still as death, and gives outwardly no token of itsjangnish. True it is that Richard neither moaned nor moved, nor spoke; only, -ihe .head dropped Tower, while the arms clung tightly to the fancied form he Kelcl, »b if between himself :aad &j;^L^b£ree^ there was a connecting luik of sympathy veni^himfromdymgont^htasbeTOsbed he could. ;.?? ' ?':--.'-.-: ', ' V: ??' '.;.,' \ '????: :. It was finiahed at last. Nina's letter, and it «e©nied to Richard as if the three kinds of darkness of which she told him had indeed settled down upon him so confused was his brain, go crushed his heart; and so doubly black his blindness. He looked to Victor like some great oak, scathed and blasted | wifch one fell blow, and he was trembling -i for the result, when the lips moved and he i caught the words, 'Leave me, little Snow drop. Go back to Heaven, whence you came. The blind man will do right.' Slowly then the arms unclosed, and as if imbued with sight, the redeyes followed; something to the opaa window and out into i the bright sunshine beyond ; then they turned to Victor, and a smile broke over the stormy features as Richard whispered : ' Nina's gone ! Now take me to my room.' Aoross the threshold Victor led- the half fainting man, meeting with, no one until his master's chamber was reached, when Edith came through the hall, and glancing in. saw the white face on ihe pillow, where Victor had laid his master down. Richard heard her step, and said, faintly, 'Keep, her off; I cannot bear it yet !' Bnt even while he spoke Edith was there beside him, asking, in much alarm, what was the matter. She did not observe how Richard shuddered at the sound of her- voice ; she only thought that he was very ill, and, with every womanly, , tender feeling aroused, she bent over him and pressed upon his lips a kiss which burned him like a coal of fire. She must not kiss him now, and putting up his hands with the feebleness of a little child, he cried piteously, 'Don't Edith, don't! Please leave me for a time. I'd rather be alone !' She obeyed him thrtn, and went slowly out, wondering what it was which had bo affected him as to make even her presence undesirable. Meantime, with hands pressed over hiB aching eyes, to shut out, if possible, the rings of fire Btill dancing before them, Richard Harrington thought of all that, was past, and of what was yet to come. ' How can. 1 lose her now,' he moaned. ' Why didn't she tell me at the first ? It would not then have been half so bad. Oh. Edith; my lost iidith. You have not been, all guiltless in this matter. The bird I took to my bosom has struck me at last with its talons, and struck me so deep. Oh, how it aches, and still I love her just the same, aye, love her more now that 1 know she must not be mine. Edith, oh, my Edith !' Then Richard's thoughts turned upon I Arthur. He must talk with him, and he could not meet him there at Collingwood. There were too many curious eyes to see, too many ears to listen. At Grassy Spring they would be more retired, and thither he would go, that very night. He never should sleep again until he heard from Arthur's own lips a confirmation of the cruel story. He could not ask Edith . Her voice would stir his heart strings with a keener, deeper agony than he was enduring now. But to Arthur h e co aid speak openly, and then too — Richard was loth, to confess it, even to himself, but it was, nevertheless, true — Arthur, though a man, was gentler than Edith. He would be more tender, and while Edith might confirm the whole with one of her wild, impulsive outbursts, Arthur would reach the same point gradually and less painfully. ' Order the carriage, Victor.' he said, as it was growing dark in the room. * I am going to Grassy Spring.' It iWas in vain that Victor attempted to persuade him to wait until the morrow. Richard was determined, and when Edith came from her scarcely tasted supper, she saw the carriage as it passed through the Collingwood grounds on its way to Grassy Spring, but little dreamed of what would be ere its occupant returned to them agaixi. (to be coxthjued.) 