THE RECOLLECTIONS OF A COUNTRY DOCTOR. Edited by Mrs. J. K. SPENDER, Author ot "Herowa Fault," Parted Lives," Godwin's Ordeal," "Gabrlelle de Bourdaiue," "Mr. Nobody," 6c., Ac. J THE GHOST OF SIMON SHAW. PABT I. . . . There is an ancieat saying tliat it is as easy to raise the dead as to teach an old man. In other words, to "pat a new mind." into an old man, and convince him that all his life long he has been a blundering ass, is about as impossible as the performance of a miracle. Now, of all the cantankerous, pig- headed old fellows in the pariah of Hateteaa, Simon Shaw was about the worst It was of no use to argne with him. If he did not answer like Dr. Johnson, "you may have your reason, Sir, for saying two and two make five, but they make four, all the same," he would stamp with his foot, and reiterate.his assertions, with more illiterate, and there-: fore more annoying, persistence. He seemed to be old when I first met hlm,_ though he nrast havebeen in the prime of nis life: _ His facie was already wrinkled like a winter apple, and the ipremathre teSl-tale lines rave him a look of conning about the eyes. The month was so thin in its ^outlines that it soon began to assume the shape of the jrtcKfeted opening of a lady's tag, while the shoulders were stooping and the chest con- •cptne, - • - Brtt though Simon was one of those meagre creatures irhich yield Danre^Nature little Interest on ; her investments, and thongh there Vaa no nan 1 in Halsfcead who more deliberately outraged all those rules and precautions which folks in modern times caU laws of health," yet he seemed^ determined fcoput~~ •*" alani wbicj. an impertinence'on his part.. His wife was 1 almost' as dftednpjma •wizened as himself, and when I first knew them both, they werebothin their small-way ^It^s^ffiSt Jenny took a dislike to Any man, fctftl must confess that she had an aversion for Simon Shaw. • . ** That dreadful old man," she called him soon after'onr marriage; "so. wedded to his otrn ideas and his own ways he is hopelessly crabbed." And yet at that tune. Simon Shaw was not old. His hair was still iron-grey, and the same coloured stubble on tis chin imparted a bluish shade to Hie lower part of his face—which was supported, according to tile fashion of those days, by a son black stocki' I knew nothing to match tifis stock in ngu- DiB, unless Jt were his "gude wife's" auburn front, adorned as faras the ijape of her neck by a tstiff erection of black lace. _ '_ . . The coutAe were' said to halt- starve their servants.; One of &tfa; miri^ had come comeverVtiung on their platters for fear o'waatmg of it-? regHs* JackSprat and Mrs. Sprat—that's what Icali 'em." And the girl—for whom I prescribed ! a; generous lUefr-scxm found it necessary to leave thesfc "skin-flints," -n* "he nerHr nicknamedthem. Wett. you must J understand "we were not ao ptever " _ in those. dayB . as people'jptetend to be now. We liad not got to _ and blowing babbles, or to comments on hereditary taints, —that's a word you have coined out lately. It helps a man's conscience when Jie wants to slip on cue side; it is comparatively simple to see a blind beggar affliote&for; the sms of his parents without listening to his cries. It SB so easy to chop 1 logic about the right or the prong of a man's actions being entajted on successive generations, ana the miscmei ot interfering with the Intimate brder of things. But in those days we swallowed down all Borts of queer exceptions to tiie xole with the most unscientific carelessness. And ypt .we were jBomewhat startled at the impish freak which Dame Nature played m — * couple the most wintwerejwarnle nch in children and poor in money. Simon Shaw and bis'wife were said to be rich in money, and they had'bat one child, and that a girl to whom to leave their wealth. Theoretically she ought to have been sallow, with a parchment-like skin, and * strident voice which wonld make one wince; but instead of that she grew np from one of the loveliest of toddling children to an oval-faced, blueeyed maiden," with a voice fresh as that of a ; mavis. The parents were penurioia— Jiter had a mania for giving; the parents were seldom seen to smile —the flyn^itjT yy«1irimming OVet Wlth' fan. The parents wqre vulgar, not on acoount of their poverty, but from. a low.Btate of moral ieelfbg wluch, J hever aspired to anything nobler. The daughter bad that innate refinement of feeling whioh made every man' take off his bat to her, anticipating the time when the word "lady" may become like the Italian *' Donna," and may be used as a mark of re-' spect for every woman. The mother died irfaen Mysie was in her teens, and from that time we often wondered How the girl and her fattier managed' to live together in a tranquillity whichleft little for the neighbours to * about. Simon's yoke Was an iron one. himself, h.e did his best to sober his Sever were two natures more utterly on like. "A lover of sea and sky—a dreamer of dreams—the beapty *'born of _ murmuring Bound" seemed to have passed into'Mysies face. But old Simon hated all sentiment enjoyment Mysie . . _ Or think. She was even grudged the tame which Jshe loved to spend at Church, listeqing to the choristers' voices, or to the voice of the clergyman, sonorouB and grand, as it sounded to Wer, rolling out periods which she could not be said to comprehend; for the girl had received little, or no education, and though it seemed to Usripossibly inourignorancd—a topsy-turvy - sort of providential arrangement >hich had entrusted such a Child to tbe upbringing of sach a father, she. submitted with ;the utmost amiability to all discomfoit in her present surroundings. No (foubt there'was a halo of illuminated mist, as there is to all young things, over the future —the unknown. ,, For Myaie was already beloved by a sailor lad, who had been her playmate from childhood, and had been attracted to a seafaring life by the tales which fascinate so many eager boys. So long as she could comfort herseB by the thought that in a few short years Stephen would be able to claim her, it was nothing for her to be scolded for a waste of time even over meals, to be obliged to fag in as much fatigue anddiscomfort as the_ lowest of her fathers drudges, grudged, the time for desultory talk, for amusement, or even for ianghter. . . . . But alas for her'. Simon about this tune inade a profitable investment in some mines which had been long abandoned, but which, on being worked again, vielded an unexpected amount of interest to the shareholders. His ambition suddenly woke not only tor himself, bat for Ms daughter. It was not that ne really cared for her, but that he bc&aa; to look npon her as something in which his own glory might be reflected. Mysie was to be no longer meanly dressed; her father had suddenly discovered the fact that she had an appearance and demeanour above the common. Her acquaintance with Stephen was spoken of with scom, and she was given to understand th&t; if she married the lad, not only wonld she not inherit a farthing of her father's property, but her father's curse, would "be on her head, and ruin, and even shame would be the consequence. Never shall I forget the self-possession and strength of character shown by the untaught maid as she sought my wife's help for the first tame after a stormy interview with her father. There was an expression in her face which struck to our hearts as she came in, still with that erect gait for which she had been always remarkable, cheerful and with a forced smile, but with a striking contrast even in that smile to the mirth and spontaneous merriment of past days. (7V> be continued.) Loan, Hotel, House, and General Agent, Transfers, Mortgages, Leases prapared. Partnerships arranged, Begistrar of Births and Deaths. Immigrants'land Orders purchased. Money to litwL *£. Lonergan, Lome Chambers, Kin i William-street (opposite Town Hall). 1501mwlc 