Monday, Septembee 28. [Before Mr. W. Kelly, J.P.J IN VINO VEHITAS. H. McKinnon and J. McFarlana, for in dulging too freely in intoxicants, whereby their reason was temporarily suspended, had to contribute 5s each to the revenue. The Assembly has declined to abolish plumping at elections. The police estimate that in San Fran cisco, with its population of about 300,000, there are not less than 3,000 habitual opium smokers. From a rather extended study o the class, in and out of Chinatown, I should say (says an American correspondent) this estimate is not exaggerated. There are certain corners in the city which are the favorite haunts of the opium smokers. Hare on any pleasant afternoon one may see the victims of the vice in all its stages. Most of them are young men, decently dressed, but giving unmistakable signs of their vicious life by their pallid facas, ghastly look, and emaciated forms. Their skin ia like that of convicts long shut out from sun and air ; their cheek-bones protrude above deep hollows, while the skin is drawn about the month in a way which is disagreeably suggestive of a grinning skele ton. Most of these young men have been brought to this condition inside of three years. The living skeletons among them, who are so weak and nerveless that they brace themselves for support against a cellar railing1 or the side of a house, have been smoking for years. In eight or 10 years at the outside they will give Tip the ghost, dying a death by inches, like the consump tive. Of the difiiculties and dangers encountered by Captain Butler, when exploring in Cen tral Asia, we know little; but the following incident, says Mr. C. Marvin in his latest work, will show that they deserve the epithet of hair-breadth. Early on the day following his arrival at a village beyond Kuchan, the Persians ordered a body of 60 soldiers into the fort, where they deprived Captain Butler and his companion of their arms and luggage, while on the morning following this the governor of the place, with some 40 men, took them to a spot iu the glen, and, after separating them, ordered Captain Butler to dismount, as he was about to he shot. With this request he re fused to comply, adding that if he were to be shot, he would give the signal to fire by taking off his hat. The governor thereupon cocked and presented his gun ; but he put it down in astonishment when the captain took off his hat, and in admiration of his courage asked him to be their chief. The governor was subsequently fogged and dis missed. The Bad and Worthless Are never imitated or counterfeited. This is especially true of a family medicine, and it is positive proof that the remedy imitated 19 of the highest value. As soon as it had been tested and proved by the whole world that Hop Bitters was the purest, best and most valuable furnily medicine on earth, many imi tations sprung up and began to steal* the notices in which the prcsa and the people of the country liad expressed the merits of 11. 15., and in every way Irving fo induce suffering invalids to u&e; their atu.'A' instead, expecting to make money on the credit and good name of H. B. Many others started nostrums put up iu similar sfvle to H. 15., with variously de vised lUiinos in which the word ' Hop' or ' Hopo' ware uecd in a way to induce people to believe liiiy ?.'.ere ihe same as Hop Bitters. All such pretemkd remedies or cures, no matter [ what their srjie or name ;'?, and especially j those with the word ' Hop' or' Hops' in their j name or in any way connected with them or their name, ere imitations or counterfeits. Beware ot'tuem. Touch none of them. Use I cothing but geuuiue American Hop Bitters, ! with a cluster of green Hops on the white ' label, and Dr. Souk's name blown in the 1 glass. Trust nothing else. rST DruggiBta and ? Chemists arc warned against dealing in inutA* I tious or counterfeits. x 3 i 