_ ARGYLE ELECTIONI LAsT evening a crowded msoting, chiefly of gnte-l men, took place at the Oddfcllows' Hall to hear, is was expected, an address from Mr. Wallace, as candidate for the representation of Argyle. It was known by thlat gentlenman's address, which appeared in the Sydney press, that he was coming as a direct -o. pponenton several issues to Sir He·nry Parltkes, and as Sir Henry had previ6dtisly addressed tihe electors a vast deal of interest, as wellas sentiment, was felt by Goulburn and outside people to hear the Sspeaker. The chair was taken by the Mayor, Mr.. Edward Gillespie, and seated on the platform 'were -Messra. W. Connolly, H. S.o Gannou, S. Gannon, G. McConslell, W. Bartlett, J. McShane, J. McGovern, G. Sykes, R. Crispers, C. McAlister, A. A. Kerr, E. Bq.:Barber, W. Clark?, C. Gillespie, J. Howard (Orook-vBll), J.: Brodcrick (Crookwell) McNamara, J. Gillespie, P. McShane, B. IHors burg, - Horsburgh, -G. tanken. (Loclorslcijh)j Captain Blackshaw, - Burmnnester, G. Taylor, - Marshall, and a few other gentlemen. The Chairman said tha~t as Mayor he had beesi requested to act as chairman. He did so and * hoped that Mr. Wallace or any other gentlemen who might address tihe assembly would get a fair, and impartial heariig. It was no matter whetheoir those present agreed or disagreed withl what might lie said; if he knew the Goulburn people, there~wiuld be no disturbance. (Applause.) There might be a little disagroeement, but he know that they 'ould give Mr. Wallace a fair hearing. The candidate would answer all questions in an honest, straight forward manner, andfrom what he (the OChbdirman) had learned since his arrival in Goulburn, he bo lieved he (Mr. Wallace) would impress them favor ably. Later on there would be two gentlemen from Sydney to address them; one wais a member of Parliament, a man of great ability; the other was one who had always carried his audiences with him.' And they were Australians-one, at least, was a native of Australia. (Applause.) He hoped that before many years we would have many Australians in the House. YWe had some now and hlie was proud of them (applause),' and he" hoped soon to see all tlhe Ministry Australians. Not that the people of the old country were not good, but we were as good as 'they (applause), and he believed and hoped that we would all strive and make this a great and glorious country and united to the old countiry. He was not anxious for separation, and he hoped that they (the aoidi eince) were not anxious for it. (Applause.) Regarding the contingent to the Soudan, we would show that we had men; we were proud of them.: We would show that we had good men and goid women. (Great applause.) The candidate (Mr. Wallace) was, he believed, present, and would come forward to address them; but before opening the meeting for him he would ask Mr. Conoily.'to speak. . Mr. Conolly then came forwardasidasaid it was the largest meeting he had ever addressed in Goul burn. He was glad to see such independenee amongst the people. With such independence we would do what was best for the coimtry. For a long time past he had not come forward. They had heard of the natives' goodness, and'he ihad: several children, but ,they were no better thanl were those they had sprung firom. (Applause.j The Soudan question was then spoken upon in: eulogistic terms by Mr. Cdnolly. He was not in favour of any man who.was against the principles of it. The Soudan question was the question of the evening, and were we to stand up for the man (yes), or were we to crush him (no, no), who rose the enthusiasm upon it which would never die ? (Great applause.) After referring to our relations with the Germans, of whom he was not afraid, that they had always been good colonists and would make good neighbours, and to the disposition of Russia, the speaker said hlie wished that every man in the colony, from 17 to 40, were compelled to carry arms, and undbrgo at least the preliminary drill. If we had 50,000 or 60,000 men we would be known in Europe and nations would learn to fear us. The' reason he had come was that he believed Mr. Dalley' had done vast good for the country. (Applause.) He did not know Mr. Wallace. If Mr. Wallaco' were with us we should support him; if not, 'we should oppose him. Having expressed sorrow for' Mr. Ranken's retirement, who, he said, tdgether with Mr. Morris, should have taken his seat in Parliament, Mr. Conolly concluded by askling .for a patient hearing for Mr. Wallace. 41= felt that they would give fair play to Mr. Wallace and' other' gentlemen who might address them, as they had given him. (Applause.) i Mr. Wallaco, on coming forward, was greeted handsomely. On first hearing of the vacancy in! Argyle hie had not for a moment thought of comingi forward to represent it; but when it came bcfore; him that Sir Henry Parkes had come to life again and had been brought forward for Argyle, lie determined to contest the seat if 'no better man could be found. He felt greatly surprised that Argyle itself.had not a man to come forward for its 'representation; 'but he had decided ti take the field, and to take it against Sir Henry Parkes. He would: .go for Argyle and fight for. it. Mr. Wallace then reviewed Sir Henry Parkes' utterances on the' Soudan question, the upholding of which he main tained would be to bring disgrate on Argyle And the colony generally; and in a spirited manner defended the action of the Government as being the outcome of a true spirit of loyalty. He also argued ,that this being a question which should be decided. long before even the contest for Argyle were con cluded it was useless for any candidate to expect to alter the decision arrived at in Parliament, which he maintained would be a victory for the Govern ment. The Land Act, too, could not soon be altered,: as it would certainly be allowed some time to see how it worked before any attempts could be made to alter it. He felt that it required several: emendatioeis; but all that members could do for a while trould be to watch its workings, and when the: proper time should arrive strive his utmost for' whateve?:improvements they considered it needed. The speaker said he would not pledge himself to' any man or any party, but would always act! according to his conscience in striving to do what; he considered best; and he appealed strongly to the' electors not to allow any sectarianism to influence them in their voting-to be independent, and not to; support Sir Henry Parkes. But a better man than he (the speaker) was coming to stand for Argyle-' Mr. John Osborne, and hlie asked that all should vote for him. Although retiring as a candidate in favour of Mr. Osborne, he did not mean to desert Argyle; He would see the election through, and support Mr. Osborne. After eulogising Mr. Osborne he announced that that gentleman had arrived from Sydney, and would address the assemblage. MIr. Wallace's speech, of which thle above is but a bricf' outline (consequent on his withdrawal), lasted for nearly two hours; it was marked with some force of argument, and was listened to with few interrup tions. He sat down amid the applause of nearly all in the hall. The Mayor then introduced Mr. Osborne, who, with Mr. Copeland, M.L.A., lhad just arrived. When these gentlemeu appeared they wore received with a troemendous outburst of cheering. 2 Mi*: Osbornd; said: If I was not born with some common sense Ihavo got a little in me, and at ten minixteb past toen I know it is not right to malko a speech. I feel a great deal of sympathy wvith my friend, Mr. Wallace, who has talked to you for some little time. (A voice : Humbug). It is 'all to do a little humbug as"ivell as anything, else sometimes. I am exceedingly pleased to have?'the privilege of talking to the very handsome.crowd of people I see before me; and I am pretty seure, as a native of the soil and as one with a dash of Irish blood in my veins, you will give me a very patient hearing if I may detain you fifteen minutes. I havo. come up hero to contest this election because the crisis we are now going through is the most important crisis that has ever taken place in the history of this colony. Some great crises have occurred before, but thley have gone by. In times past a series of important meetings were hold in Sydney for the purpose of procuring thie abolition of transportation, at which Sir Henry Parkes made a grand and glorious display. This was one of thei most important events in the hIistory of tihe colony. Another importanlt event was tlhat whens there was conferred upon it whut is culled constitutional and r epresentative goversihents. But wo venture to say that this crisis whios has arison is a far mcoo. important crisis thin either of tlioso two. It is a' great pity that Mr. Ranklon cleared out from this great and important contest. I feel sure that if Mr. Ranken had taken hIis stand upon this great political issue Ie woull have hIad a miajority, for I know that patriotism is a thing that appeals to the working man, to the squatter, to the selector, to every man and woman in the community, Irish or Scotch, or whatever they may be. Anything that would east disgrace upon this great and glorious hna, peopled by Australians and Englishmen and Irishmen and Scotchlmon, would be a source of treat pain to you. It seems to me strange that Mi'. Ranken cleared out because he felt himself in tihe position of an arithmetical prbphdt. In to-day's Sydney Morning Herald we find a statement of the :easopns why he cleared out. WVe find that there are 2200 voters; 900 of those persons are not going to "ote at all, 000 of the voters are Orangoemen, a?nd 700 of them are Roman Catholics. ''Now,", he said, "the Orangomen will give thleir votes to Sir Henry Parkes,, the 700 Catholics will vote for me, there will be 300 who will be attracted by tihe wonderful magnetic influence of Sir HIenry's creat namein, 100 of my personal friends will support me>; soait comes:to this-before I deliver a single speech I am clean beaten by about 400 people." Mr. Augustus Morris and Mr. Georige Ranken were sent out to prepare a land report, and drewy up a wonderful series of figures and collected evidence to shoew that we should receive some millions of money per"dnnum in the bbshape 'of land revenue. He tried to prove everything by figures, and hIe has been worsted andbeaten, and has run away beforetheforce of figures, which can prove aunythingexcept thht Sir Henry Parkes is going to win this contest. ?Thsy cannot prove that., They can prove everything except thit you are a set of fools, for you are Ssensible men. Now, he cleared out, this arithmeti cil prophet, from this great contest." That simply means that Mr. Ranken very probably canme here to gratify his personal ainbition by becoming a metaller. Here I say is a crisis greater than has ever taken place in the colony:. The next best thing to con quering is defeat. (Applause.) There were. 300 men of the ancient Greeks who stood in the pass of Thdi'moiy? some hundreds of years ago. Theise men felt tht it was utterly impossible for them to live; but th'3 had a great and glorious patriotid cause, and theysaid "If ive can't live we can die,: and we can die lhe heros" (cheers), and every man fell iii the 'pass,'rid every man died.' Ths:'old Spartan mothers usn to. say to their sons going out to battle-" You areoto come home with your shields or on your shields." "When they were t'ikdn'home' on their shields'it meant that they lad died for their country. I say that th hodinor tnd'"the dignity of the colony are involved in tlhisgreat and important contest, and Mr. anken's business was not to run away' from any defeat,".but to: say " "iecauset I believe the honor of the colony is at stake, therefore I will go into this election; I will be defeated, and I will dis'honorabl."' Now, I knoW.there was a great deal of influence used to get Mr. Rankeon out' of the affair. '(A voice: He was got at.) "Well, I can tell you greater men than: Mr. Ranken have, been got at. I have no doubt that people, probably friends, poured some hogsheads of iced water on! Mr. Ranken, and he got chilled. Then he thoughtf of the 900 Orangemen and of thIe 300 others wlmho' would vote for hi'sopponbnt, and said-" It's no use you~r fishting; he beat'Thing you can do is to elear out.' I suppose MQ, Railren came from' some part of Scotland; but ihe cannot 'be' a Scotchman really and' truly. :'.Ndi allow me to se&yI; am ciot going to be affected' cold water. God :Almighty has given me a grea deal of Irish blopd in 'my veins, aiid it enables. to stand up bdfore opposition. I dare say some you have heard of York-street and of a ,reat fiht down in Sydney agaiinst religious bigotry and1 intolerance there. A letter came down. from this place to Sydney. (Interruption. A voice, referring to the disturber: Put him out.) No, I don't think' you can put this man:' out. I don't engage in' physical contests; but the fair play of the residents of the 'city of Goulbura" won't let you. (Clieers.) One of tie privileges in this glorious country is that every man has the right to free speech, thank God! for thatr?" 'We will agree to differ, and we shan'ts quarrelwith erich other over it. (This was moantj for the person who had interrupted.) A letter canme down, saying thatOsborne wasn't known and would have but little chaince, and that Sir Henry Parkees' was going to wir?ihands down in a bit ofa canter.' But we have come here to stand in the breach, and we will fight to the very last, and I am sure you will rally round me, although there are avery great many who are Sir Henry Parkes' supporters. What? is the issue lbefore the counitry-before the electorsi of Argyle P Some say that the real issiue is this' should this colony have sent troops to the .Soudan.i (cries of " no" and "yes.")' Well now, let me say! that this isnot tlhe rcalissuo whichli is now before the country. The real issueis, not should the colony have.sent troops to the Soudan, but shlall we dis-: honour this great colony and this groat land in tihe eyes of the.whole world by repudiatingc the action of tileGovernment. (Cheers.) Now, are we going to do that. (A voice: What . does Sir Henry: Parkes say ?). Sir Henry Parkes don't say that. No, we don't care tvo straws What he says. Somne of us aro educated men and acquainted with politi- I cal questions, and ve didn't care t'wo strnaws what Sir'HEonryI'arkes says. I Would like to kncow who! is Sir Henry Parkes to dictate to 'you and everybody. i WYe are all entitled to our opinions.. There is this great cuestioci :..If: we .repudiate' ,this. action of our'Government what.is:the.effeot going to be uponi the n'inds of the people of England, your fathers! :'nd' bipthors? .: :Thes. effect 'will: 'e : this, -If. we repudite" the: action :of th 'Goveieriniit and say, thatit was vwroing'ie eshallbe' disgraced in the eyesl of the wh0ole world. (Hear, hear.) The other: night I-had d:the pirivilege of listening to Sir John Robertson making one of the grandest specchesa that I over heard made in the House of.Parliameent' (Chcors.-?Three hearty cheers weie li'ere allSd for by thIe spealrer for Sir Johc andigiven heartily, mingled with the groans of dissentients.) Old Sir' JohnuRobortson is the noblest of patriots.: 'He is the head o'df 'tlid.Opposition; but he would have nothing to do with paltry questions, and he went for patriotism, 'hnd 'he said that the Hbuss cnd the: community would be disgraced in the eyes, f the world if.the people of this' colony went baclkdon.the action of the Government. 'When ,Sir John Robertsoi had finished his speech' the whole House rose and cheered-and Butler and Daniel Henry Deniehy, and those glorious men who havo, repre secnted you in days gone by would have done tihe same,-and the battle wvs 'won; and' whatever Argylemay do that battle was won by the speiechl of Sir John Robertson. Peopie:say that thi Orange men are goiug to vote in opposition. They have a iebrfect rigit to do what they like except'inttrfero with tie liberty' of other people. Now, I ddi't believe that the 900 of them are going: ti:vote for Sir Henry Parkes. (Cheers.) You may take ex ception to Orangemen, and ncany 'of you'mnay; but you will know this, that Orangemen' g'nberally are loyal to the Queen and-the constitution of the country. (Cheers. A voice: That's more than Dalley is.) lam happy to say that I believe the Hen. William Bede 'Daley is as loytl as 'any man that breathes the air of Heaven to-day. (Cheers.) He has proved it so. There is no doubt that he hasproved it so, and I do not believe that it is wi~t'hin the bounds of possibility that the whole nuniber of Oraqgoemeon or a considerable portion of Orangqmen in this community are going to vote for Sir 'Ecnry Paihes. They cannot, because these men are true to the constitution, and true to the country, and they cannot vote for Sir Henry 'Parkes, which means repudiation. (Cheers.) Read the Evening Neows and yoei will find that down there the leading Orangemen in Sydney are wholly opposed to the standpoint of Sir IIHenry Pikekos on this question, and there is hardly au influential Orangeman but agrees with the Governmoit in the sending of troops to the Soudan. :I would like to say, who are the men who have brought Sir Henry Parkes out. They are, MEr. Abigail, the squeaking mep bor,'and'Mr. MeoOoy, thd oily riianawho wishes to:be a member, but cannot be, becaise the Orange men won't vote for him. InI'. honnidetiotn .with iesurrections t'elore are generally grand dramatic displays, as you read in soni' of the bbblos thit tIhe trumpets are sounded, and tlhings of thiskind, when people are raised frim thie dead;'but Sir Heniry Parkes is being raised from the dead by the squeak ing voice of IMr. Abigail and the oily voice of Mr. McCoy. ..I'believo.tlhait the Orcangemon will be true to their traditions and loyalty, and go on thIe side of the GovOrnme nt in this question. ~Whicen I wont to see Archlbishop M?orari land I was struck by a little incident. There was a tremendous crowd; a lot of people were in line, and'. the carriages were near them. Two or three Irishmen who were: in the crowd wanted to press nearerto see thie Archbishop, who was sitting with a quiet, very grave face, re grarding thIe proceeedings all arounid with a great deal of interest. One of the Irishmen was detorncined to get inside the file of mento get a good position, and somelhow they came to blows. Only one or two blows wbre struck, but the circumstance brought a glorious' smile upon the Archbishop's face, and he 'said, "'I'm in old Irelanud, after' all." I passed along St. MLcry's' Cathedral, and saw over the gieat nave throee or four flags. On the right 'i hand was the grand old ensign of Edglend (applause); in the middle was found the Irish flag -you know the harp of Erin; on the otlcrr side was the Australian ensign, and over the whole of them there was the Union Jlack. Now, I tell you I stood and looked at that with a very great deal of admui ration, and I said-" Here's the symbol of uuity on the Roman Catholic church." It might have been good tact in arrangement; but it was a glorious thiing; What did it signify ? (hA voice; Policy). Well, I.dare say thalt gentleman would not likeo to have any act of his set down as one of policy. Now, I don't believoe that it did. But here's the thing I want to bring out promineatly in thin city of Goul buirn. Soms of you are Englishmnen, and glory in yotur land; solne of you are Scotchmen, and though you may come from the IIighlands of Scotland that are in some places so barren as to require :20 acres to feed a bandicoot, if ihore are any there, still tihe Scotchmun glories in his country; and in the Irishmen in this country we have some who would go down and kIiss the very soil if they came in contact with it. (Cheers.) There are young Australians in this country, and I am an Australian myself, born in the Illawarra district (clhecers), and my glory is in this radiant land as the best land that over God made; and I love this grand land of ours so deeply that I tell you I don't want to go to heaven until I am 120 years of ago. This is what I want to say-whether you are Irishmen, Scotch men, or Germans, you have got your national feelings, you harve your families here, you have your own holdings, for thlere is not the terrible, grind 'iug poverty here that there is in the old land from which your anccetors sprung. You esteem and you love your land and this land of Australia, which you have made your adopted home, you love, and you are ready to fight for it and resist encroachment upon it. Patriotism is deep in your hearts along side the other sentiment. That is the resson we oppose Sir Henry Parkes. You will not allow the people of England or Ireland to say that thcose men -havo rephdiated this act of sending out troops to help 'our soldiers. I tell you it would bring tihe blush of shame upon every man's face. I ant sure the ladies feel in tihe same way. I make this appeal to you all-Orangemen, Protestants, anrd Catlholics \--whatever you are in this land you should be all citizens of the empire-I ask this of you, as one who has sacrificed a very great deal to come here, I ask you to rally round us, to rally round the Govern ment in this respect, and refuse to repudiate this action which has covered us with glory in tihe old country. (1Ir. Osborne resumed his seat amidst great applause.) Mr; ]t-Copeland, M?.L.A., who was enthusiasti- cally received, then addressed the audience. Hec said: It is rather an undesirable position to have to atddress you at this very late hdur to-night after you have given so much attention to the previous peeoches; but I think a man would have to be very eeold.blooded indeed if he did not feel some enthu siasn in having the pleasure of addressing a meeting like. this. While I was in the railway carriage I don't think I could have said a dozen words; but now that I see this great meeting I think I could talk until the whole of you were talked to death. I feel that I could talk to you at fifty meetings one after the otheir, because I an one of those kind if I tit?e a thing in hand I go into it readily, and Ihave taken this question in hand with the entiusiasm that has thrilled 'every man, no matter what his nationality or his religion may be. On Saturday, whenwe found some-little difficulty in the way,. I told nriy friends tlidt'I woild go into 'Sydney aInd resign my seat and come up here and contest this selection.., (Cheers.) This .morning I received a lietter from: MIr. Osborne telling ms.that circum stan'ces had arisen which prevente'd him from con testing this fighit, and without further doubt I went into the city intendihg to wiite dout:my resignation and'come up here to-night. But I am very glad-to say there was nio necessity to take this course, because my friend, Mr. Osborne, has since, been enabled to come up and do the fighting himself, and: I believe you will find him as good a man as ever took the field. I can assure you in sending a man to fight Sir Henry Parkes we are not sending a wooden man; we know we have a giant to slay, and we are sending you a man who can slay the 'giant. (Cheers.). Mr. Osborne will do you, -good service in this fight, ai;d I' tlhink it' 'would be the greatest calamity that ever happened to this cunitry if under any possible circumstance Sir Henry Parkes was successful. No man has ever. "done this, country so, much harm as Sir Henry 'Parkes (cheers and gr?ans) and has seat the 'me by the ears as Sir Henry Parkesthas done (hiises), 'and has lived by raising up all'kinds of national and feligious animosities as' Sir Henry Parkes -has-done (cheers and hisie?s. Three cheors for Copelarid.) I 'speak to you'as Austirlians. I doni't speak to you as Orangemren, as Catholics, or as anybodyel'e";:I want to knownothing iboutyourreligiuos'ooniivitia or nationalities; but Ido say this; that there is no public man'ih this coudntryhi ascreatedmore dissension, who has'tried toeset one man against the other than, Sir Henry Parkes. (Gorohns thd h'eetis.)'. Thei?e:lih not been a political'contest in which this man has not tried to set Orangemnen against Catholics, Irish men agaiist Englishmen. He has resortedto every political 'ddge that he could. possibly devise. (Cheers a'nd tgroads.) Gentlemen, I tell ydii thii fact, that in fighting this fight we have no other interest to serve.than the holinor of the c'biunftry; Theiseiis nothing to be gained; we have no objeet to serve. -My friend Mr. Osborne has run tlhe risk' of thrdwing.up a remunerative engagement as one' of the editors of one of the leading papers in Sydney. In coming to make this' great' fight he stands a -..ohance of losing this en-i gagoment; but hb is so possessed with -atrue sense .of the importance of this contest' that he says-" I. don't care abbut what I may lose; :bitt-er-fif?thie!to.losed niy?'position than for Godrilbdirni and Australia to lose its henour." (Cheers.) I want to ask you'tdsonisider thidcpoint-thrit this is not now a mere question of policy as to whether we should orcshould not send this contingent to the Soeidan; our men have gone, and under no possible circmstances can 'we owithdraw them. Our men,j within a iveekrf, 'if'io"b'fori," 'ill lhave their ?lives in their hands; before this fight is scttledyour sons, your brothers, your: 'friends-- ands I rmay .siay here my eldest son is gone (trqmendous applause)--wi 1 be perhaps engaging the enemy. I sk alyou to view the question from this standpoint-if you return Sir Henry Parikces yu' will stilly 'tl honoir' of your eduntrjy.: (Chers.); .N man'etidni fight if he is in da' wrong cause. Within a weokihence oti men may be in battle, fighting for their lives and the honour of this country, and I ask you, will you weaken thier arms ? will you soften their sinews and their muscles by admitting that they have no right there.[ How cn a man fight if he knows hIe is in thd wrong, and if- Argyle: returns Sir Henry Parkes: it will tell ?very one of those 800 that he has no right there,: thlat he has gone on a fool's errand. Sir Henry Parkes has told you that this is not a right eous war ; so that if you return him you unnerve our men and cause them to fight less bravely than they otherwise would do if they felt that they were fighting in a righteous cause. Our men should feel that they have the country at their back, they should feel that they have the sympathies of all the people of this colony. No sooner will they land there than they will receive a tologram-if such were possible, but I can't believe that any constituency in.this country will do such a dastardly aud cowardly thing as to do anything to toll these men they have no right whero they are. (Choers.) I ask you, then, to bear this point in mind-never mind the policy, is it righlt or is it wrong-it's too late, we can't consider that now. It is too late to say the policy was right or wrong-we can't bring theom back. If you send Sir Henry Parkes into Parliament thae will not bring them back. They will fight, and, by God, I believe they will fight likoe men (cheers).; and, I ask you, will you under anj-political excitement, will you for the sakeo of giving some'man a seat because you happen to agree with him' on some trifling political matter, do so when by so doing you '-ill sacrifice your brotheMrs and your friends, weaken their noryes, and proventthemfromnmakinganameforthemselves? and, mind you, this is nio exaggeration ; they nmust meeot tihe 'hook 'of war; within a week our men will be face to fac: with one of the bravest peoples on the earth. I repeat, will you on this great occasion, because of some. trumpory little political point, return this man to Parliament-this man who has disgraced Parliament. (A voice: He never got drunk.) Some men have not got sense enoiugh to get druink; you can't trouble me on that:scoe; I hope I will live to get drunk again siome time. (Ciheers.) I wish 'to impress the point upon you that I haive spokeer of ; but at the same time I say, whatever you do will be of very little consequence, because I don't care whom you send, other constituencies will seoed other nea and no damage is likely to arise. But in this case here is this question: Before this election our men will have landed at the seat of war. You have read of this great fightin which General Graham, after five hours'\ifighting, was successful in stopping the Arabs at every point. Now, I say if it took five hours for General Graham to beat the enemrny it shows ci?ji plainly that there was pretty goodhaird fignting. As I have said before, can any nan fight if he is told before he goes into action he has no right there. If \ve could honorably bring our men back then I would say it is a broad question of disputation. But our men are there, and I repeat -will you take all the strength otit of their arms by telling them that they are there in an un righteous cause. Then I ask you to rally round my friend, Mr. Osborne. (Cleers and groans ) It is too lato-to speak at any great length ; but T will speak to you to-morrow or to-morrow week. I want to arouse a little manly enthusiasm in you; I want to ask you-and I don't care what is your religion, or nationality, or anything else-we are all fighting side by side in this battle (cheers) \- if you saw your brother in a difficulty would you stand by and inquiro first of all how your brother got into the difficulty, unconstitutionally or not; would you stand aside and make enquiries if in t.he meantimo he was getting severely punished, per haps had three orfour men against him. Would not any man save his brother first and inquire all about the constitutional part of the business afterwards ? I believe there are men in this country, and Sir Henry Parkes is one of them-I knowv him better than you do; I have sat alongside him for several years. I went into Parliament, a strong supporter of his, and it was only his cold- blooded unmanliness that drove me away from him. (Cheers.) If you knew him as I do you would hold the same opinioni I tell you if Sir Henry Parkes' mother was drown ing in the river he would not help her until he inquired whether lie could do so wish profit to him self. (Cheers.) I ask you to pu; a little warmtli into this fight, and fight like men,.because you have a good man to support. You ate not supporting some nobody; there is no better man in Sydney than the gentleman whlio has now come forward to ask you to give him your support.. If Sir Henry Parkes had his knighthood taken away thedso sould be no comparison between the two men-between Mr. Osborne and Sir I-Ienry Parkes. (Cheers.) But what is the effect of this knighthood. He should have i't taken away. Hie is a fraud, and he has brought disgrace to the honor of knight hood. He has gone from one end of Great Britain to the other and lihas become widely known; and now what do we find-because he thinks there is the possibility of getting back to offico'and to £1800 or £2000 a year he is prepared to sacrifice the honor of the country, not only of Australia, but of Great Britain. He is prepared to tell the whole wide world'that we are not loyal subjects, that we are hot prepared to figlht for the mobther country. He is ..prepared to disgrace Aihs trelianis. (Cies :of " no, no.") Not only is he pre pared to do it, but I say most emphatically if you return this man to power (cheers) it will bring dis grace on you-this man who has resigned arid died three times over. I don't know if you have ever heard of a religious sect that believes .in re-ineariiation.i If a man dies he is re-incarnated, fand appears" a second and a third and a fourth time. Well, now,; it strikes me there must be some truth in those re incarnation people. . He>:has died three times, rind we have seen his' ghost now. Here is a man who has told us emphatically that he can't trust his virtuous self within the walls of 'Parliament, a~id shortly after ho:is b rought frdomdeath to life. Whatis behind his request to you to send him; back again9 there. is. £2000.a year behind'it. (Cheers-:) But he has 'riol got that yet. ;If you send him back to Parliament you don't send him' to Government,; and depend upon it there are other members besides myself who will have something to say beforo:he gets into Phrliament. I thank youd.for your good hearing, and I do trust that your British blood will arise and that y-ru willt'fight "like men to return a good and a true man like Mr. Osborne. (Greati cheerin'g.) : .' _ . Qiesti?ois were then invited for Mr. Osborne. This'was:met With clieers and groans and cries for "Wallace.";':- : ' : In answer.to a luestion as to the Licensing Act, Mr. Osb'hine said he got oniremarkably well on tea. He thouight 'the present law was a very fair onei iadeed. -- - •-Mr.Mratsden: .Can' you expect the electors 'of Aigyle :fb. return you:if you won't give yonr polihtidal views? ::::r. Osbrn e:'How can you expeo a man at ten m-inutes -past ten to give the whole of his pblitial' KviewsP: (Cheers said hisse .)',-: ':'-:-i',- :- - h[r. Marsden.: Why did you not give the electors tliewholeof yoter?litical vie-ws ? SMr; Osborne: In a single night! Why, they would.fill d book. -When alsked:if he w:as ii ifavour of payment of memnbers the candidate, said that as far as he was Ipodrsdnally conce5rned he:could support himself, but he believed in the principle, because it would allow labour to be properly repreesiitbdA i s. A voice: What did you leave the church for ? , Mr. Osbornoe: I left the lchurch bcause I wanted to li;ve aulhonest manu. (Clieers andhisses.) When I found that my mind was not in harmony with the principles governing the Weesleyan Church I did what; every honest man ought to do--I cleared out.-- - - In answer io a question by Mr. A. Townsend,. why he' had criticized Sir Henry Parkes, for hialf-ei-hour instead of stating. his political views, Mr.. Osborne replied that there was one great issue before the country,' and that there had, not been itime for the statement of a long programme of politidal views. Besides, Parliament in all prob-. ability would be dissolved within three months, so) Ithat there would be no other issue but the dispatch of the 'troops, and he was going to stick to that. (Cheers, mingled with groans, were here given for.Sir Henry Parkes.) . . . L-iMr. Coeiolly moved a vote of donfidehe' 'in3'?1tho oandidate;- In doing so he expressed his aedniration for th's]eeeoh of-Mr. Wallace, and the hope that he would by-and-bye havo .a seat in Parliament. Heo idtliat' tl;dre weas no' question dt stake Ibu?t theo Sbondan/i rad if ,lhe knewvithe p?ople of' Argyle and ,Goulburnithey. mould do nothinig to bring a touch of disgrace upon this,colony.,?H hoped that tlhey would return Mr. Osborneid, of whlisoe views he spoke idmiiringely, lt; the hed?o'of tihepoll. p :ol(Chii'l)' . -iM;r.s;Howard (Croolkeevll) ,seconded the motion, and in. doing so stated that if Argyle returned Sir Heriry Parkes itmight be treated as:Tentrfield:had been . ' - Mi'Z~iW' 3. Bartlett alee delivoered a'shdr:t'peebh nA-'f;liior of the motion.: In' spodln~nig'f :Sir? Hdi.ii Parrkes, whom he lmew personally, he said he ha always found': hii? n? gentlemh?in?in: eolu;i:respct (cheers), and he could not say a word against hin in his ,political career; but notwithstanding hle stood there as an old man-of-war's man whIo had fought intleo: Crimea to support the: mahn.who.lsupportdd Mr. Dalley in sending the troops t9 th'.Spudan. (Oheers;) SThe 'vote of confide?ice was put and carried by - good majority amidst much applnuse. All the audience did not display their hands . . ? Mr. Osborne, who was warmly apiplhuded, said he felt very thankful for this expression of their confidence. He assured them that he would do his level best on behalf of the Government in reference to this important matter, and in doing his level best he was not going to abuse anybody, whether Sir Henry Parkes or anybody else. He proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the Mayor for his conduct in the chair. Tihe vote was carried, with cheers for the Miyor. The MIayor returned thanks, and a lively meoeting was brought to'a close at half-past eleven with chooers for the Queen, Mr. Dalley, and Sir Henry Parkes. , : , , i ' : ' " " 