From the Metropolis. (Prom our own Correspondent.) Adelaide, September 15. Wheresoever you go and in whatever direction you look there are blue ribbons to be seen, for this week is the jubilee of South Australian Rechabitism being cele* brated with great rejoicing. Brethren from the proviuces are signalising the event by drinking extra cups of tea and by making additional cold water speeches at the gatherings of their metropolitan co laborers. How is it that there is such a similarity between the leading teetotal lers and the non- Anglican parsons of this fair colony? When Wesleyan Conference, Baptist Association and Congregational Unions hold their meetings simultane ously. Adelaide is filled with white chokered, black coated and blue-ribbened gentlemen whose patronage of the barber is infrequent and irregular. How under the influx of Rechabite fountains (of speech) the aspect is very similar. A goodly number of the brethren went up to a picnic or other gathering in the neighborhood of Blackwood this morning, and as the morning train left that station for the Hills the general appearance of the sombre-habited crowd who stood upon it was as blue as the prospects of the colony. The aquarian high jinks are to be continued for the greater part of the week, and as a wind up will come the show of the Royal Agricultural and Hor ticultural Society. The contemptuous whisky drinker looks with feeling of mingled pity and scorn on the-gatherings of those whose " spirits" are not as ardent as his own and wonders in his lofty mind how it is that these "dry ash beggars" can keep up a spree for three or four days I on cold toast, water and goody goody speeches. In Adelaide and the Hills near it water is so plentiful that it is hard to understand how it is possible to worship it so steadfastly as do these same follow ers of Jonadab, the son of Rechab. In the north-east, south and west where plains are dry, skies clear and crops dying for lack of moisture the enthusiasm is more readily understood. Ana reauy jl ao not Know, what will become of many of oar provincial friends if water does not come soon. I know of one squatter near the Murray who out of 4,000 ewes only got 100 lambs and even theu their mothers are dying for want of grass. Another pastoralist tellB me that he doesn't think he will be able to round bis sheep up for shearing because they are too feeble to get up and walk. A third reports the death of nearly all his moderately good average of lambs. All this on top of a declining market for wool is very discouraging, more especially as the farmer has an equally doleful tale totelL Already many nave turned their stock into their crops because all hope of a harvest is past. The state of the country is reflected again in the voices, the faces and the stories of those in Ade laide. Merchants and' storekeepers say that " business is a ghost that has ceased to walk !" some of them indeed seem rather glad than otherwise for all business done unless for cash is so much extra risk. It is related of the British troops in the Crimea that " they fell like sheaves iu autumn." Even so are the commercial men of Adelaide going down. Land speculations which have entailed the pay meut of ruinously high rates of interest are causing many of the stoppages. Holders have grown tired of paying such stupendous annual sums for the aggran disement ofjinsatiable mortgagees, and it is whispered that an anxiety to free them selves of their responsibilities had caused one or two recent insolvencies and assign ments and will bring about Beveral more. Be this as it may it is certain that heavy bankruptcies and compositions are be comiug startlingly frequent. Mr. Whin ham's estate shows a deficiency of £38,000, and I hear of another ex- legislator whose liabilities come £40,000 short of his avail able assets. Then Mr. William Holland, a. well-known citizen, has had to assign an estate which shows some thousands past fire figures on each side of the ledger, and Mr. W. Benthan Neales has also gone iu the same way. And all this time £5,000,000 lies idle in the bank and no body has pluck enough to pay interest on any part of it, in order to go in for legitimate speculation of any kind. Some savage people are expressing the hope that the banks may be hardly hit during the continuance of the panic. Commer cial men say that the Government panacea for all these ills—a protective tariff—is in the present only complicating and increas ing their difficulties. Perhaps it may enable them to overcome them in the future. The prospect of such a devoutly wished for consummation is not a very cheering one. And certainly this is not a. time for the Parliament "out of sheer generosity" to give, back £1-4,000 to the Qcean Dock promoters. Just as reasonably might everyone who has paid the Government for an expected privilege demand his money back because his investment did ' not tarn out satisfactory. The contrac tors, for instance, who deposits £5,000 as security that he will carry oat some pub lic work may withdraw from his agree ment and obtain the return of his thousands. Analagous cases might be quoted ad infinitum. And yet it ia said that the Bill will fly through Parliament. It is a wicked thing to wonder how many honorable members are directly or in directly interested in the matter. 1 fear the argument which dura not avail to hinder the re-irabursement of this £14,000 will prevent the House from agreeing to the abolition of newspaper postage. Mr. Caldwell will try to get the principle, affirmed in the Assembly to morrow. The net revenue derived from it is under £5,000 a year, and it is chiefly drawn from dwellers outside the large pro vincial centres of population. The Ade laide dailies gain by it at the expense of their countiy contemporaries. Mr. Hugh Fraser, who introduced the tax, told me the other day that he recognised this fact. He said: he was a town member at the time and that was one of his objects in patting on the " demnition halfpenny." He avows himself to be a ''theoretical and practical freetrader," but the above action—if it be due to the cause he mentions-—does not argue consistency on , his part. Perhaps, however, he is paving ! the way for a " right-about-face" on the j subject when next he faees a country constituency. He was all in favor of a I £250,000 Jubilee . Exhibition when he stood for West Adelaide in April, -1884;' he was clean against it when he con-j tested Clare (Stanley, I mean) in May of j the same year. With the precedent before our eyes we need not deBpair of his cou version on the subject of Newspaper! postage. A model vermin board truly is number 20 and if all were like it there would ba no necessity for the Varmin Destruction 1 Act Repeal Bill now before Parliament. It's head office is at Murray Bridge and the territory oyer which it has jurisdic tion stretches back to the Victorian Border. It began active work in June last and as it bad a cautious and econo micai Coroishman fer its chairman, no money was wasted m expensive overseers and more expensive, secretary. Twenty pounds a year covert the whole of management and another £10 has pro vided all necessary books and parapher nalia. In the last three months 150,000 rabbits have been killed, and the total cost, everything included, has been £32, (of course this apart from scalp money.) This method of dealing with the rapidly increasing bunny is far leas expensive than the proposed reversion to the eld sjatem of Government rabbit parties. Most people who take the trouble to read Mr. George Augustus Sala's articles are more impressed with the skill he has in padding than they are edified by the information he gives. I am told he re ceives £5 6s. a column each from the London Daily Telegraph, Sydney Morn ing Herald, Melbourne Argus, aud 8. A. Register for the " copy" he is now supply ing. He writes one manuscript, repro duces it three times by means of a chro mograph, and seuds original and copies away to the papers named. In this way althongh what is printed is only paid for at the rate of LS 5s. a column what he writes runB up to a value of £21. I think most people are utterly disappointed with his descriptive articles on the "Land of the Golden Fleece," and I am pretty ' certain that he is more satisfied with the bargain made than are the proprietors of the various papers for which he writeB. Certainly he told old Melbourners nothing ' new about the Queen City of the South, j while he gave strangers but a poor idea of | it. The same may be said of Sydney, i which did not receive justice. There is ' too much of the "sweetening influence of flattery" in all the articles, for the coating is so thick that even the least suspicious person begins to suspect that.it is all done with a view to the second lecturing tour 1 of November and December. Do you notice too how glibly he phrises the hotel in which be may have happened to Btop. Does be get free board—But no! 