'THE NUMBER SEVEN.'. When God created the world. He rested on the.. 7th day. KThere are 1 7 days in the week, 7 letters in the name of Jehovah, 7 syllables in the a Mohammedan formula of prayer - Ia ill Allah ill Allah. Everyone is fam- t iliar with the 7 fat and 7 lean kine, the 7 fruitful and 7 barren ears of corn, 7 years of plenty and 7 years of famine. P Jacob served years for Rachael, 3 and was cheated with Leab, and served another 7 years and received his reward. Seven days- he was followed by Liban his father-in law. When Jacob died his son Joseph lamented for him 7 days.. Every 7th year the Israelites r permitted their fields to remain idle f and uniilled; this was ,called the J 'Sabbatical year'. At. the seige of I Jericho 7 priests, with 7 ,trumpets, [ went round' the walls of the city, and '] at the 7th blast the walls fell. Seven times in 10 years were the Israelites hell captive in Babylon. Seven tides, ten Hebrew scholars translated the Old Testament:. into Greek for the Alexan- . drian Library. There are 7 times ten I members of the .High Council ofi Jerusalem, not counting the ;high 1 priests. - . -1 When Peter asked, 'Lord how oft' I shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him 7 till seven times 1 Jesus re plied, 'I say notunto thee 7-times, but until seventy times 7?' 'A just man falleth seven times and riseth up again.'--PRov. xxiv,, 16. - - 'When this enemy speaketh fair, believe him not, for. there are 7 abominations in his Heart.-Paov. xxvi., 25, There are 7 attributes of the Almighty, 7 gifts of tl'e Holy Ghost, 7 psalms of penance, 7 suppli cations in the Lord's prayer, 7.words of the cross; the RomIan Catholic Church has seven sacraments. In.the book of Revelation there are 7 angels with 7 gclden chalices, filled with divine wrath; also 7 lamps with 7 flames are men tioned there. Who does not know of the -'7 sleepers' the seven- youthful Christian martyrs, .who escaped in a cavern near. Ephesus and. fell asleep, and slumbered undisturbed for. 200 years? There' are seven wonders of the world, 7 iise men of Greece. Mo hammedan's paradisecontains7 heavens. IRome has been, governed by 7 kings likewise Pr;ssia, for' the 7th is now the Emperor Wilhelm., Daring the 7 years war under Fredric-k IL history mentions 7 important battles: -The war :in Spain between the Carlists and Christians lasted seven years. The Franco-Prussianu war lasted .7 months. and the 7th regiment was the firstto distinguish itself.. ' On the 28th (4 tinses 7) of Septem her, 1870, Stralbourg surrendered; on the: 28th October, Metz; and on, the e28th January, 1871, Paris.: -Rome is built on 7 hills;' so are Constantint e ople, Ndirreunirg, ;Hamiburg,, :and' aLisbon: Ancient Thebes, also Athens, Bagdad, and Morocco each had 7 gates. Seven cities claimed the honor of being d 'omera sbirthplace. There were 7 steps leading ,to the tomb of la'rii'i ,the' Persian king; 7 steps 't~orbolo?mo"n' throne; 7 arms or bianches to the lamp I in the Temple 'of. Jertisalem 7 'wicks d in the perpetual lamp - (eternal flame) to the rites of the Greek Chuirch.'' The river Nile has 7 mouths. There are 7' Canary. Islands, 7 Ionian a Islands, 7, colours in the rainbow; there are 7\tones in the musical scale, f 7 piprcious metals. :,Pleiades, one of the most beautiful constellations, numbers d7 stars. There are' 7 cardinal ?..virtues; Sthree of these are Faithb Hope, and Charity, ' and the greatest of these is Charity.' The Duke of Wellingto?i had 7 Iharshaill staffs. The Pope is priest of 7 churches. IThe human head has 7 openings. The entrance to the celebrated dome at 1 Colonge has -- pillars set, upon" 7. pedestals surmmuoted by 7 statuites. - 