Lord Bacon. TO THE EDITOR OF THE QUEENSLANDER. I am, sir, &C.;, DAN DESSIOS. Warwick, 7th July. I am, sir, &c.;, 3rd July. COOMERA. SIR,—Want of eyesight and want of time have hindered ray reply to Mr. Nelson's two last letters. I presume his final Q.E.D. is an intimation that he does not desire to say more. Nor do I; brains and time are both lacking to me. Before I sign my name may I thank you for your kindness in publishing my letters and Mr. Nelson for giving one " habitant in tieeo" the opportunity to enjoy a little quiet thought and to break a lance with so able an opponent ? Mr. N. modestly assigns the merit of what he has written to another. I hare no other help than an old Latin copy of part of Bacon's works, and some rough, crude, and faded notes of lec tures given at college. I have an idea there must have been some mistake in attributing any treatise of the sort to Liebig. Was not Liebnitz meant ? If so I doubt that a man who was so little of a utilitarian as to propose the binary instead of the decimal notation, and who would substitute 1100100 as the figures to represent a 100, is a very trustworthy guide in the matters under discussion. But Mr. N. has at the outset declared himself in favour of a definition of the word " science" or "tcisntia," which quite begs the question. The word in its classical or medieval sense never bears the meaning he would attach to it. It is simply as Bacon used it, " a knowing or being skilled in anything—knowledge, skill, expertness." Bacon certainly never intended to teach men to be religious, " to be followers of the truth" in the Bible sense. He endeavoured to show men how by a series of experiments and storing up facts that came under their observation they might deduce general rules for the advancement of knowledge; how by learning from Nature her own ways and powers men might bring natural laws to work for their own good. There is nothing to show that Bacon ever d reamt to subju gate Nature, but to exemplify the truth that by obeying Nature we serve ourselves. In this way: W« cannot resist the lightning; but by observing its "love" for metals and its passiveness when led into earth men have been taught to make lightning conductors. They have learnt how hard a master fire and explosive compounds are; but by observation men have found the way to make them useful servants. No doubt Bacon was egregiously wrong in many of his deductions, but we must remember that with regard to him "we are the ancients." Chem istry is the outcome of alchemy; astronomy of astrology. It is only by the accumulation of experiments and the multiplication of ex amples that many sciences have so much progressed. What did we know of geology from theory ? How much do we not now know by the classification of fonils and the opportunity that huge railway and other works have given to note and tabulate the strata of the earth ? Borne yean ago Mr. Tyndall was a supporter of the doctrine of spontaneous generation, and he thought he bad fairly proved it by some most laborious and difficult experiments. But some time afterwards, having reason to doubt the accuracy of his deductions, he, with an honesty that does him eternal credit, went over the whole matter again with the result that he disproved his previous assertions. So too would Bacon doubtless have done, but it seems to me idle to expect that he should have had all that practical knowledge which his methods have sub sequently taught He was, after all, but the porter who has opened the door to a mansion it was not his lot to enter. We should look upon him, not, aa I think Mr. Nelson does, almost as a personal enemy, but as one was showed men a road which he himself who debarred from travelling. It seems scarce credible to me that the world for some two centuries hat been so hopelessly wrong as to regard Bacon with admiration and gratitude while he was butaquackand blind guide to men. But a very large part of Mr. Nelson's second letter seems intended to hold Bacon up to ridicule rather than to sift his philosophy and method. I will translate a passage from Guisot's " Civilisation in Europe," which may tend to show how Bacon waa the first to beat down obstacles in the way of the advance* ment of learning:—"Read the history of the fifth to the sixteenth century; it is theology which possesses and directs the human mind; every idea is steeped in theology; questions, whether philosophical, political, or historical, are always considered from a theological point of view. The Church is so sovereign in everything intellectual that it is held that even physical and mathematical sciences should submit to her doctrines. The theological spirit is as it were the blood which circulated in the veins of the European mind until Bacon and Descartes. For the first time, Bacon in England and Descartes in France have relieved human intellect from the incubus of theology." If GuUot be right, how much do we not owe to Bacon and DesctrtM * Sir.—The term vox elamaniU in dutrto, used by the Rev. D. Desbois, could have no possible reference to the mat Elisabethan en of literature, but simply to the state of scientific thought prevalent outside of the small band of devoted students of nature that Mr. Nelson has described. Our present period of fruition of the discoveries being developed in Bacon's time is what "the father of ex perimental science" seems to have anticipated in his philosophical precepts, and as Cowley translate* him:— Did on the Terr border staad, ()f the blest promised land. And from the mountain's top of his exalted wit Saw it himself and showed us it. That Bacon in the field of science made no " discovery of any practical value or utility to mankind" is not surprising seeing that it was not his vocation; but as a prose writer, indeed, the celebrated statesman and lawyer made • noble gift to the public of his leisure moments. By-the-by, as an orator rare Ben Jonson extols him highly. With so much of contra diction in his character—in which he is not singular, however—it is manifestly unfair to enlarge on his failings whilst silent as to his nobler attributes. A preceding Chanceller could be contradictory also; for instance, aa Sir Thomas More in his persecution of the Protestants displayed such a departure from the tolerant opinions of religion given in his genial "Utopia." Mr. Nelson says that Bacon, in sciences, never acknowledges the merit of another. Well, in differing from the views of Aristotle, Dr. Kawley affirms that Bacon still "ascribed all high attributes to that philosopher 1" And speaking of the vagueness of the physical systems exist ing. Bacon says :—" Neither can it arise from any wart of ability in those who have panned (scientific) inquiries, many of whom have been men of the highest talent and genius, Ac., but from the insufficiency of the methods that hare been pursued." The eloquent critics of Bacon's works can hardly all be astray, and toe new doctrine correct—that "theonly thing in which he was completely successful was in the art of deceiving the world." If, as with Aristotle much of Bacon's philosophy be now exploded, yet aye will the two names live in fame. In his " Wisdom of the Ancients" Bacon may not have been so successful aa with his " Proficlence and Advancement of Learning—Divine and Human." But the compression of thought and suggestive nature of his Essays are masterly indeed. To recall his well-worn "Beading maketh a full man, conference a ready man, and writing an exact man;" or his "Some books are to be tasted, others swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested;" "Pros perity is the blessing of the Old Testament, adversity is the blessing of the New; which carrieth the greater benediction V And was truth really denied to him who could write thus nobly ? " Yet even in the Old Testament, if you listen to David's harp, you shall hear m many hearse-like airs as carols; and the pencil of the Holy Ghost hath laboured more in describing the afflictions of Job than all the felicities of Solomon."- 