THE ZIG ZAC TELEGRAPH. A TALE OF A MIND 4-ISEASED. . 4-\,' . Bv Lwm- G. Thompson. * . i ? Fob nearly nineteen years 'J have been waiting for some one to write tho history of this line ; but during all this time no account of its origin, or the manner in which it performed its work, has been published, and, so far aa I can learn, no hint even' of its existence has appeared in print. Can it he possible that I was sole proprietor and operator, and my weary messages alono went oreoping over tho wires ; that its faithful, patient services woro given to me only ? If so, upon mo clearly devolves tho taste of writing its history. And yot, to own tho truth, this task is not an easy one. Tho Zig Zng was such an anomaly among telegraphs, such a bizarre affair alto gether, that it sots at defiance all ordinary methods of description. It was bohind tho times ; it was slow with its messages ; it carried them a long way around, and stopped with them in unexpected places; thero waB an air of mistiness about it that mndo mo sometimes suspeot that it was only the ghost of n telegraph — tho phantom, perhaps, of somo uncompleted, early invention left an orphan by the death ofjthe inventor. But stay — I must bo more oxplioit. This telegraph was not composed of solid material substance ; it did not consist of actual posts aud wires. It wns a phenomonon of an ex ceptional condition of body or mind, n phase of mental aotion in n given direction, a system of exploration in the realms of memory, a — well, I will admit it at once, a somctkinfl that I novor quito understood ; a problem, the solution of which I havo many times almost reached! but which has- always eluded mo by dodging around .unexpected corners and disappearing when I thought I had forced it into a cul tie sac. I will there fore make public my experience with this line, and transfer to others tho solution ot the problem ; and, ns the condition of body and mind was doubtless a factor necessary to the solution, I will mnko known this condition by briefly telling a small portion of my life's history. On the (ith of March, a.d. 1805, with other paroled prisoners, I crossed Broad River, twelvo miles from Wilmington, N.C., and stood once more, with bared head and thank ful heart, beneath the flag of our country. Tho emotions awakened by the sight of this emblem of all wo hold dear, I shall not venture to describe. I should blush to bring tho poor tribute of words to the flag sanctified by bap tism in tho tears of our tenderest and tho blood of our bravest. For more than ten months I had been a prisoner ac Anderson ville and Florence. In this artiole I shall make no attempt to portray the horrora of Andersonvillo. The evidenco under seal fur nished by thoso thirteen thousand graves need3 no corroboration by parole testimony. When tho storm has passed, the wrecks on the beach are surer recerds ot the force of the tempest than all the figures at the signal stations. I had fought the battle for life for more than ten months in those prison pens, and I was consoious that I had fought it well. I had lost ground daily, it is true, but I had contested it by foot by foot and inch by inch. My resistance had been steady, unfaltering, systematic. At the time I was paroled I was suffering from sourvy and general debility, and had also endured most of the minor sick nesses of the oamp ; but thus far I had escaped those fearful fevers that had wrecked so many of my companions. Shortly after I reached Wilmington a strango dullness took possession of me. My mind refused to act with its accustomed vigor. Owing to tho ravenous appotites of some of the men, orders had been given to issue extra rations to all who required them ; and, al though the regular daily ration was more than sufficient for me, I fell into the lino with the others and drew tho extra. This I took to my tent-mate, for safe keeping, and again fell in and repeated the process, over and over, R3 long as the drawing lasted. About this time, too, racking pains assailed me, and I longed Inexpressibly for' home.' Then the vessel came to take us to Annapolis, and we struggled, and pushed, and joBtled each other, in our eagerness to get on board ; and at last I was fortunate enough to get tumbled on to the deck just as tho captain announced that he had a load, and could take no more. My recollections of tho voyage are confused. I remember being rolled about, and crowded, and lain on by other passengers. I also re member staggering up to draw rations, al though I could not eat. Then I was helped off tho vessel, and some one took me by the arm aud led me away. Then we stopped, and and a voice said, ' Waah him.' And then — blankuess. How long the blank lasted I do not know. When my consciousness returned I was in a clean bed with white sheets. A light burned in the room, but I saw no one. I closed my eyes, and waa lost again. When I awoko it was broad day, and a young man, dressed in a fresh suit of army blue, waa standing by tho bed-side. He expressed no surprise as his glance met mine. I lifted my right hand, and was astonished at the effort so alight an action required. I gazed at tho skeleton fingers, and vaguely wondered whore I had been while that hand was growing so thin. I said, ' What's the matter ? ' He said, ' You have had the tever. You're all right now. Don't talk.' His voice was low and even: it expressed no sympathy, no anxiety; ho moved away, and I slept again. My recovery was rapid. Tho hospital surgeon visited me at intervals ; he asked mo no questions ; ho merely looked' at mo and passed on. I had a ravenous appetite, and, with the regularity of clockwork, ft tray was placed before me on which was a cup of tea and a delicate piece of toast crowned with poaolied egg. Aa I gazed at this dainty repast, 1 thought it a meal fit for a god— that is, for a very Bmall god. Alter a few days tho pyramid on the plato was increased in altitude by the inser tion of another slice of toast under the ovari ous crown, 'and flanked by a bottle of porter. Next came the order for admission to the full-' diet table, and noon after tho certificate en titling me to a furlough. During all this period of convalescence I was consoious of no derangement of the mind's action. My main interest in life centred' iu the present, or reached forward to the future; but' still memories of the past, mostly of hopo and early life, came to me naturally. I had, however, made no attempt to recall past events, na the admirable system of unquestioning treatment practised nt St. Mary's College Green Hospital had sug ganted no. such effort ; and ' it was only when called upon to answer questions, at the time I applied for a furlough, that I discovered the singular phaso ot mental aberration which forms the Biibjeot of this narrative. I have said that my recovery was rapid ; perhaps I ought to add that as I threw off the fever I began to suffer with n diffioulty in my feet, probably scurvy — a difficulty that inoreased daily, until each foot felt liko an immense bruise. But a3 this disease did not trouble mo serioualy while I was in the hospital, I did ' not montion the matter to any one, fearing that to do so would delay my departure for home! This briof portion of personal history is, 1 believe, nil that is nocesBary to put the publio in possession of facts that have any bearing on the problem under discussion. And now X como to the most diflioult part or my tasK, tno portrayal on paper ox uu» abnormal action of tho mind ; and in order successfully to do this, I must describe the normal aotion in tho same direction in suoh a way that it will bo clearly recognised by all, and yet in such a' way as will enable the reader to oomprelicnd the abnormal. Hold 1 I havo it 1 ,1 will materialise this action; and if the materialisation lacks an arm, or oven a leg to stand on — as is not un usually tho 'caBe — if it but Bervo my purpose before vanishing in thin air, I shall be con tent. I will represent memory as a network of telegraph wires, the main lino connecting tho mind with the beginning of consoious existence, and side wires connecting this line with eaoh event, eaoh inoident, each thought, of past life. When tbo mind is unimpaired, i and the lines are in porfeot working order, ? ' r information can bo obtainod instantly from any of tho outlying stations. The question ifl 1 flashed ovor .the wires, and the answer ia re- , i turned, and tho combined measagea oonatitute - a thought. In many instances, howovor, no perceptible aotion of the mind ia required, 1 and the mind is unquestioning and nt roat ; 1 and yet, from the various depOts in which . j our experiences of tha past are stored, the - measagea oomo trooping in, and wo oall them f memories. These aro phases of the normal - notion of the intellect and tho undisturbed i working ot tho lines. But I am also familiar 1 with many phases of abnormal action, and various phases of wreck in the lines of - com- j munication: ( First, tho poor wretch with tho wire all 1 down behind him, and the past a blank. E Second, where the main lino ia out at a givon point in tho paat. Baok to this point the - communications are porfeot and the side ( lines complete, but beyond — nothingness. t Third, whoro tho main lino is complete and j the side lines' are in order near the farther ( end, but mostly broken or impaired from ohildhood to the present. This is a common case. The gray- haired man prattles of tho ( scones ot. liis youth, but does not recall the ] evonls of his manhood. Every word of the ( prayer his mother taught him ia familiar, but , he cannot remember a sentence ot the speech , that mado him famous ton years ago. He ; does not recognise an acquaintance of yester- | day, but the faces ot tho friends of hia boy- £ hood Btand out olear and diatinot. I need not , particularise further; every one is familiar j with the gaps in sections, where thestorms of , life have beaten down the Bido lines, and with the downfall of individual wires. Neither j will it be worth whilo to call attention to the . , slight derangement of a partioular wire that j does not respond as promptly as wo wish, but , leaves our question unanswered, whilo the - operator at the othor terminus apparently takes a ahort nap, and wo scratch our heads . in vexation. My object in writing this ar- ] tide is to desoribo this well-known system of j communication only ao far as may be neces sary to explain the working of the other line, which no ono but myself appears to have used ; i aud as I made use of both, -I will designate j the former as the Direct line, and the latter as ' the Zig Zag. Tho Direot line was always at my service oneway — it would bring messages, but oould not bo. relied on to oarry them ; it would transmit one, and refuse the next in what I then thought a most captious manner ; and Bome times it would apparently grow sulky and re fuse them altogether. But the patient Zig Zag was not captious ; it did not sulk when called upon* to do tho work refused by its j rival; it went steadily, ploddingly, at its task, and never rested till its work was done. Those two lines wero diatinot in, almost every respeot, and in order to make the distinction plain I will describe as oonoisely as possible the peouliarities of the Zig Zag. i First, it never took a despatch straight to its destination, but went zigzagging through j the past, making short flights from point to point, aud sending baok messages from every - station. These messages were dim pictures ' of familiar scenes, that approached slowly and grow plainer until they reached a certain ' uniform point of distinctness, when thoy , vanished instantly. , Second, thess return measagea never con- , tained the information I was aeeking, and , somo of them appeared to have no possible connection with it ; and yet I was conscious that each of these dissolving views^, brought me nearer the object of my search. Third, no communication came back ovor tho Zig Zag from tbe station where it finally delivered my despatoh, but instead the answer came flashing over the Direct Line. This was tbe most perplexing part of the whole trans action; for, although assured that eaoh re turning message by the Zig Zag brought me one station nearer tho station containing the object sought, I never know how many still intervened, and the answer by tho Direct Lino invariably caught ma puzzling over tho laBt message by the Zig Zag, and gave mo a little shook, like that experienced by a person when another jumps out Suddenly behind him and ories, ' Boo.' Fourth, the number of stations stopped at varied, and this variation appeared to have no relation with the remoteness or nearness of the intelligence desired. To make this olear, suppose A and B to be stations on the Direot Line — A containing stores deposited five years and B those deposited six months beforo ; messages to B would sometimes bo carried farther around and atop at more sta tions than messages to A. Fifth, to each despatch the return messages came at regular intervals after the first, which took about twice the time of each of the others. Sixth, the length of the intervals varied with the varying despatches ; the answers to some coming very Blowly, and to others quito rapidly. . Seventh, sending and reoeiving messages by this line produced a certain strain oh mind and body that was not felt when using the Direct Lino. 1 And now, having partially desoribed the working of this line, I will go baok to the timo when I discovered it. I had been noti fied that a furlough would be given me by ap plying at a certain office, to whioh I was directed, and, with visions of home floating before my mind, I walked into the room and stopped at the desk. A grave, stern-looking offioor, with a pen in his hand and a book before him, sat by the table. He looked up and said : ' Your name.' I gavo it, and then supposed he would fill out my furlough ; but instead he recorded my name in the book, and then inquired: 'What regiment do you belong to?' Of course I know per fectly well that the information sought was among my stores, but when I .turned to the paBt with the question, 'What regiment do I belong to 1 ' I was amazed to find that the Direot Line did not respond. My despatoh was off on the Zig Zag, and soon the misty messages oamo baok : First message by Zig Zag. A bUv'.k field, with a swamp extending from side to aido near tho centre ; the field encloaed with a stockade, and crowded with wretohed; dirty, ragged men ; outside tlio dead-line, a long row of skeleton forms, with dead faoes turned to the sky. . ? ? » ?Seoond message by Zig Zag. A long line of Union soldiers oharging through an open field, with a forest before them ; the liua is \--broken and jagged, aB if it had met a blizzard of lead ; there are empty saddles, and fallen flags, and a blue-and- red windrow of dead. Third message by Zig Zag. A regiment of soldiers on dress parade ; the soldiers wear blue ooats ; there are figures on the fronts of their oapa. By the Direot Line, Seventy-sixth New York. I gavo the name of my regiment, nnd tbe officer dashed it down, and asked, brusquely : 'What company?' I ought to havo been prepared for this question, but I was not. My mind waa so dazed with tho strange workings of the two lines that I thought of nothing else until the question . was put. Again I turned to the past, and inquired: ' What company ?' nnd again tho jZig Zag took the quostion. First measago by Zig, Zag. A river spanned, by a bridgo ; . beyond the bridge an aroh of evergreens and flags ; a throng of men hurry ing ovor the bridge and under the arch ; tho men are emaciated and half-naked, but their faobs glow with joy. Second message by- Zig Zag. A forest ; Union soldiers grouped round a dead cavalry man ; ' a sergeant with face turned toward the group, n:- ii about to give an' order ; a line of Confederate troops in front. By tho Direot Line, Company r. . i Inamcd the company, and the officer jotted! fc down, and said : V Your captain's name ? 'i ind the Zig Zag took the question. ' j First message by Zig Zag. A long line of1, Jnion soldiers, vrith a group of officers onj ?- loraebaclc in front ; the ofiicora with field-! . {lasses to their eyes; tho ground^iu-.Jroi^ lesoending to a email stream, tfroii ascending 0 a ridgo ; the ridge crowned with a line of : Uonfedorato earth-works and batteries ; sharp ihooters deployed as skirmishers between the] ' ? ines. * .1 Second message by Zig Zag. A prison j . -en ; a scaffold; six men with ropes around heir necks and meal-saoks drawn over their^ ?*-: leads ; a sea of face3 turned up toward thelh icaffold. * . Third message by Zig Zag. A brigade j ; Irawn up in hollow square ; a man kneeliug m a ooifin, with a file of soldiers before him ; U- . in officor standing stem and palet his ex ended right hand holding a white handker- ' rtiief. ' '? j By the Direot Line, -Captain Goddard. The officer took down tho name, and in- ., (uired, impatiently, ' When did you enlist ? ' ! ! had noted his growing irritability, and it in- { ? sreaaed my distress. Ocher patients werei vaiting to bo questioned. Tho fear that nay ; nind was hopelessly shattered wa3 growing^, nto certainty, Tho strain on my mind andA jody incident to sending and receiving mes-w lages was intense. My knees shook under ne, and great drops of sweat stood ,on my^ orehead ; but I turned flor?£edly to the past ^ ffith the inquiry, ' When did I enlist ? ' The ? Direot Line rejected the me3?age, as ithad'. ;he others, but the faithful Zig Zag did not j lesert me; although evidently over-work^,^ t came bravely to tUc i-eucue, and took my ( nessape. The first response was longer than j leual in coming, but it came at last. ' *' Message by Zig Zag. A large sheet of : water with a river emptying into it ; a snug- ! aarbor ; a grove of oaks with a speaker's stand j ^n the centre ; the grove and stand covered ' with people. ! At this point the officer repeated tho ques- | iion, 'When did you- enlist?' The inter- i ruption broke the connection on the Zig Zag. ! Fhe tone of the question demanded an im- ? mediate answer of some sort. I made cno ; iesperate effort to force the answer from the ! Direct Line, then I said sadly, ' I can't tell.' ? Ihe officer laid down his pen, and said ' petulantly, -! I can't give you a furlough if yo.u ! can't tell me when you enlisted.' Oh, the | agony of that moment ! I wa3 not to go home t after, all? Was it not enough that I was ; shattered in body and mind, but must this ' ?ery ruin cut off my last chance Cor recovery? j 1 thought not of the forms of respeot duo i from a private to a superior ; I felt only the j injustice of fate. The instinct of self-preser- j ration asserted itself. The old spirit of re-; j 3iatftncQ that had carried me through so many ; trials blazed out afresh for a moment, and I j 2xclai»ned passionately : — ' ' Can't you make some allowance? CanB pou see what a wreck I am? I've been im prison, God knows how long, andl've had fever, and I oan'frthinkl' i Tho protest began almost, -fiercely, but it j jnded in a wail. I broU«'Liown utterly, and' _ jriedlike a child. For a moment the silonca ; of the room was broken only by sobs; then a | *entlo voice said: u I can make allowance; ion't distress yourself.' Could this be the; voice of that stern official? I glanced at him; through my tears, and from that instant I| have had a truer understanding of the story -, * of the transfiguration. His faco was as tender i as a woman's. With the utmost gentleness, j he assured me that tho matter could bear-i ranged, that I mu9t take time, and, give the date as nearly as possible. Thus encouraged, : I commonced-again on the Zig Zag, and found j the year, and then the month, but not the s 3ay. The furlough wa3 granted, however, | . and, storing the paper safely in my pocket, I j . took the first train for home. ? At first I was a- good deal troubled about | bhe peculiarities of the Zig Zag, but I soon} made a disoovery that proved it to be a1, friend, and also showed that the Direct Line, | in refusing some of my messages and taking others, was acting according to law instead of j in a spirit of caprice, as I at first supposed, j Tho work of the Zig Zag was to open com-j munioations with the stations on the Direct ! Line, and ifrhad only to convey one message j to each station to accomplish this. When , the message was received and th& answer sent; baok by the Direct Line, tho connection with | that station by tho Direct Line was eatab-j ? lished, and messages flashed baok and forth ] with their former regularity. I have beforo spoken of the messages that came unbidden ; | these also opened communication on the. Direot Line, and to these two sets of stations , my messages went straight. Stimulated by ; this discovery, I operated the Zig Zag oheer-| fully, for I knew that each returning message j enlarged the area of the reconquered territory. ! By moans of the voluntary messages and the efforts of tho Zig Zag, I was soon in direct i communication with iuo3t of the stations, ( and the use of the Zig Zag became the ex-; ception. At this time I used to ponder j a- good deal on the subjeot, and strive to I comprehend the working of thess lines. Onti thing that perplexed me greatly was the gap between the last message by the Zig Zag and the return message by the Direct Line. On exploring these stations after direct commu nication had been established, I found that Bomo of the Zig Zag messages approached very nearly the information required-i for. example, the one in regard to tho company. 1 It will be reoollected that, in the lft3tt.PloturQ « presented by the Zig Zag, a sergeant wood as if about to give an. order.. Now, thji order I really given was: ' Company. F, into' hne ; ft' but as no inkling of what thiv.. oWtU' was j reaohed me at tho timo, by oithei^pQi the- , gap, though apparently small, oould he j tilled up. At other times, I could not, by isaj most careful examination, find the least con-;*3! , nection between the last message by the Zag and the answer by the Direct Line. Thisjfll puzzled -me, and I imagined that some of the j messages by tho Zig Zag had miscarried, and ! . had found their way to somo unknown dead- j . letter oflioe ; but I finally bacamo satisfied j that the gap, in each instance, extended only ; from the last Btatjon on the Zig Zag to . the j station on the Direot Lino containing the in- j formation sought. I now give tho course of j reasoning by whioh this conolusion was j ?reaohed. Since the messages by the Zig Zag^i oafne at regular intervals aftor th§ first, and j the-first took double tho timo of eaoh of the | others, I conoluded that the despatoh *1 sent travelled at exaotly the same rate of speed as the return messages. Thus, if A, B aud C represent stations on the Zig Zag, and D the desired point oh the Direct Line, and the in terval of timo between messages was five^^ seconds later, or at tho exact time that my } despatch reached B ; while tho message'from \ B- would reach me at the Baine instant that j my despatch reaohed 0, and consequently the message from C would reach me at the same timo that my despatch reached D, the point on the Direct Line; and aa the transmission of messages on the Direot Line ocoupied no., appreciable time, this view .of the case was BUBtained by the faot that tho auswor by the Direct Line always came to mo whilo I was examining' the last message by tho Zig Zag.^ And now -the history of this strange lino is i finished, at least so far as my knowledge of it j extends. I bid farewell to the Zig Zag for- ! ever. Ah 1 but is -it forever ? As I sit in the [ twilight and watch the gathering shadowsj [ and think of the time in the not distant t , future when tho shadows Bhall gather for the \ I last time, and when perhaps the parting soul I I will long to send the final messages-of love, I j [ ask myself, ' fchall X not hnd it again ? ' - i \- . i \- 'v 