Like ghkist : in beholding . him. By Rev, Andrew Murray. 4 But we alI,-With openface/beholding as in a glass the glory, of the Lord, are changed into the same i image, from glory to glory, even as by the spirit of the ' Lorn.'— 2 Cor. iii. 18. Moses had been forty days on the mount in communion with God, ' When he o&me; down bis face shone with Divine glory. He did not know it himself, but Aaron ana the people saw it (Ex. xxxiv. 3'). It was so evidently God's glory that Aaron and the people feared to approach him. In this we have an image of what takes place in the New Testament. The privilege Moses there alone enjoyed is now the portion , of every believer. When we behold the glory of God in Christ, in the glass of the Holy Scriptures, His glory shines upon us, and into us, and fills ue, until it shines out from us again. By gazing on His glory the believer is chanced throueh the Snirit into the same image! Beholding J esus makes us ike Him: ... It is a law of nature thpt the eye exercises a mighty influence on mind and character. The education of a child is carried on greatly through the eye; he is moulded very fmuch- by the manners and habits of those he sees continually. To form and mould our character, the Heavenly Father shows us Hi 8 Divin9 glory in the face of Jesus. He does it in the expectation that it will give ds great joy to ;gze .upon it, and because He knows that, gazing oc it, we shall be conformed to the same image. Let everyone who desires to be like Jsbus note how he can attain it. Look continually to the Divine glory as seen in Christ- What is the special characteristic of that gloiy? It is the manifestation of Divine perfection in human form.. T be chief marks of the image -of the Divine glory in Christ are these two : His humiliation and . His love. There is theglory of His humilia tion. When you see how the eternal Son emptied Himself and became man, and how as man He Jhnmbled Himself as a servant, and was obedient, even unto the death of the Grose, you have seen the glory of God. - The glory of Go -'s omnipotence as Creator and the glory of God's holiness as King, are not so wonderful as this : the glory of grace which humbled itself as a servant to serve God and man. We must learn to look upon this humiliation as really glory. To be humbled like Christ must be to ns the only thing worthy of the name of glory on earth. It must become in our eyes the most beautiful, the most wonderful, tho most desirable thing thqAcan be imagined ; a very joy to look updfT or to think of The effect of thus gazing upon it and ad ; iring it will be that yon will not be able to conceive of any glory greater than to be and act like Jesns, and will long to bumble yourself, even as He did. Inseparable from this is the glory of His lo\s. xue liULuuittbiuii icaus juu uaun. vj the love as its origin and power. It is from love that the humiliation has its beauties. Love .i8 the highest glory of God. But this love was a hidden mystery until it was macRest in Christ Jesus. It is only in His humanity, in His gentle, compassionate, and loving intercourse with men — with foolish, sinful, hostile men — that the glory of Divine love was first reilly seen. The .soul that gets a glimpse of this glory, and that under stands that to love like Christ is alone worthy the name of glory, will long to become like Christ in this.. Beholding this glory of the love of God in Christ, hG ifi changed to the same image. Yon would be like Christ ? Here ithe . path. Gaze on the glory of God in ffimv In Him, that is to say, do not look only to thie words and the thoughts and the graces in which His glory i? seen, but look to Himself, the living, loving Christ. Behold Him, look into -His very eye, look into His face, as a loving Friend, as the living God. Look to Him in adoration. Bow before; Him as God. His glory has an almighty living power to impart itself to us, to prap " over into ns, and to fill ns- ,/ Look . to Him in faith. Exercise the" blessed trust that He ib youre, that H5" lias given Himself to you, and that you have a claim to all that is lh Him. It Is Hie pur pose to work out His. image in yon. Behold Him with the joyful and certain expectation : the glory that I behold In Him is destined for me. He will give i£m&. As I gaze and 1 wonder and trust, I become like Christ. Look to Him with strong desire. Do not yield to the slothfblnesR of the flesh, that is i satisfied without the fall blessing of con formity to the Lord. Fray God to free you from all carnal resting content wi h present attainments, , and to fill you with the deep, unquenchable longing for this glory. Pray most fervently the prayer of Moses — Show me Thy glory.' Let nothing discourage you, not even the apparently slow progress you make ; but press onwards with ever-growing desire after the blessed prospect chat God's Word holds out to you : We are changed into the same iraage, from glory to glory.' And, as you behold Him, above all, let the look of love not be wanting. Tell Him con tinually how He has won your heart, how you do love Him, how entirely you belong to him. Tdl Him that to pleass Him, the beloved one, is your highest, your only joy. Let the bond of loto between you and Him be drawn continually closer. Love unites and makes like. Like Christ we can be, wa shall be, each in our measure. The Holy Spirit is the pledge that it shall be. God's Holy Word has said : ' We are changed into the same image, from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord." This is the Spirit that was in Jesus, and through whom the Divine glory lived and shone on Him. This Spirit is called the Spirit of glory. The Spirit is in us as in the Lord Jesus, and it is His work, In our silent, adoring contemplation, t'j bring over into us, and work within us, what we see in enr Lord Jesus. Through this Spirit we have already Christ's life in u«, with all the gifts of His grace. But that life must be stirred up and developed ; it must grow up, pass into our whole being, take | possession of our entire nature, penetrate and pervade it all. We can count on the Spirit to work this in us, if we but yield our selves to Him and obey Him. As we gaze on Jesus in the Word, He opens our eyes to see the glory of all that Jesus does and is. He makes us willing to be like Him. He strengthens our faith, that what we behold in JesuB can be in us, because Jesus Himself is outs. ' He works in us unceasingly the life of abiding in Christ, a whole-hearted union and communion with Him. He does acoord- ; ing to tbe promise, ' The Spirit shall glorify Me ; for He sball take of Mine and shall show it unto yon.' We are changed into the image on which we gaze, from glory to glory, as by the Spirit of' the Lord. Let us only understand that tbe fulness of tbe Spirit is given to us, and that he who belioviugly surrenders hims-lf to be filled with Hicn will experience how gloriously He accomplishes His work of stamping on our souls and lives the image and likeness of Christ Brother, beholding Jesus and His. glory, . you can confiieutly expect to become like Him Only itrudt yourself in quietness and restfnlness of soul to the leading of tbe Spirit. The Spirit of Glory rests upon you. Gaze on and adore the glory of God in Christ— you will be ohanged with Divine power iruui giory tu giury ; in cue power oi the Holy Ghost the mighty transformation will be wrought by whioh your desires will be fulfilled, and llke Christ will be the biased God-given experience of your life. Oh, my Lord, I do thank Thee for the glorious assurance that while I am engaged with Thee, in my work of beholding Thy glory, the Holy Spirit is engaged with me, in His work of changing me into that image, and of laying of Thy glory on me. Lord, grant me to behold Thy glory aright. Moses bad been forty days with Tbee when Thy glory shone npon him. I acknowledge that my communion with Thee has been tofa short and passing, that I have . taken too little time to come under tbe fall impression of what Thine image is ! Lord, :teaoh me this. Draw me, in these my tneditations, too, to surrender myself to oon- template and adore, until my soul at every line of that image may exclaim, ' This is glorious ! this is the glory of God ! O my God, show me Thy glory.' And strengthen my faith, blessed Lord, that, even when I am not conscious of any special experience, the Holy Spirit will do His work. Moses knew not that his face shone. Lord, keep me from looking at self. May I be so tab en up only with Thee as to forget and lose myself in Thee. Lord, it is he who is dead to self who lives in Thee. O my Lord, as often as I gaze upon Thine image and Thine example, I would do it in the faith that Thy Holy Spiiit will fill me, will take entire possession of me, and so work Thy likeness in me tbat the world may sS :io%# tonoewhat-o? Thy glory. In this faith I will venture to take Thy precious Word, 'from glory to glory,' as my watch - ward, to be to tme the promise of , a grace that |rbws rioher-etoty day. of a blessing that is ever ready to surpass iteelf, and to mak8 what has been given only tbe pledge of the hpfcfnr -thftt in tn nnme. PrAftimiR Ravinnr t gazing on Thee, it shall indeed be so, ' From glory to glory.' Amen. What rich instruction in regard to the | Divine photography of which the text speaks j there is in what we see in the human art ! In tbe practice of the photographer we see two things : injtbc power and effeots of light, and the wise adjustment of everything in obedience to its Yajva., ; With what pare the tenderly sensitive plate Is prepared to receive the impression ; with what preoision its-relative position to the subject to be-pour- trayed is adjusted ; how still and undis turbed it is then held faoe to face with that object. Having done this, the photographer leaves the light to do its wonderful work; his indeed a work of faith. Mayvjwe learn the precious lessons. Let nsNflievB in the light, in tbe power of the 'light hi Hod, to transcribe Christ'Eimage on ' We are ohanged into the same image is by tbe Spirit of the Lord.' Let ue hot Bfric to do the work the Spirit must do ; let W$imply trust Him to do it. Our duty ia to jredc tbe prepared heart, waiting, long- for the likeness to take hur -pUBfepe to face with Jesus, studying, gazinp, leving, worshipping, ani believing that the wonderful viBion of that Crucified One is the sure promise of what wecan bs ; and then, putting aside all that can distract in stillness of soul, silent unto God, just to allow the blessed Spirit as the Light of God to do the work, Not more surely or wonder fatly tbah in theligh|-printing whioh ie done 9 here on earth will our HOule receive and show |9 the impress of that wonderful likeness. Ii9 I feel tempted to add one thought: what .1 a solemn calling: that of ministers as the I servants of this heavenly photography, M 'ministers of the Spirit' in His work (see 1 2 Cor. iv. 6) ; to lead oelieyera on, and point tbera to Jesus and every trait in thafe ! blessed face and life as what they are to be t obanged to; to help them to that wietfnl : longing, that deep thirsting and conformity | to Jesns, which is the true preparation of soul; to teaoh them how, both in public worship and private prayer, : they have just to place themselves face to face with their !<| Lord, and give Him time, as they unbare and i | expose their whole inner .being to the beams of His love and His glory, to come in and take possession by His Spirit to transform 0 them into His own likeness. - ; J 