CLOUD AND SUNSHINE. CHAPTER VI. (CONTINUED). 'It will bo even-handed justice, she murmured, showing all her glittering white teejLh in a cruel smile, 'and he himself is prompt to help me, he forged the first link to-night-' -She-was -still absorbed in her half-crazy musings, plotting fantastic vengeance against the brother who had thwarted her, and the girl in whom she saw simply a use ful, instrument, when her maid came into the room, with such obvio\is excitement in her palo prim face, that evon Oasilda was rouseti so. a niuu lauguiu. uuriusiu.) . ' Are j'ou not well, or not comfortable, Kershawe P' she asked indifferently, and the woman bubbled over at once ; ' I cannot say I am altogether, miss, but it is not that. I am sure, for your sake, I could put up with' the familiarity of the young person down- stairs, and the other ill conveniences that I am sot accustomed to, but there is goings on here with which I cannot hold.' ' Do not brush quite so roughly, please^ What are the ' goings on,' pray 'r' ??'Well, miss, I slipped out this evening to drop a letter in the pillar-post, the young woman having told me it was but a step or two beyond the common, and as I came back, walking pretty quick up the lane, as soon as I left the lamps behind me, I felt my heart stand still, for I heard a hawful kind of voice close in my ear ? ' She paused, enjoying in anticipation the effect her words ought to produce, but Casilda merely lifted her dark eyes calmly, .and said : 'Well, was it a voice only that shook your nerves ? Is that the end of the story ?' ; ' By no means, miss.' The woman tossed her head and spoke in a decidedly injured tone: 'There is plently more, but it was more than enough to shake one's nerves, I think, to know that one was alone in a dark land, with a murderer, or a burglar, or an escaped lunatic, as the case might be.' ' And which was he ? Did he rob, or try to murder you ?' 'Neither, miss, he simply come nearer and nearer to me in the dark (he all muffled ? up in a cloak, with a hat drawn low down on his face), and placing his hand on my shoulder, whispered in my ear in the most blood curdling way : N .' 'Young woman, are you Mrs. Monteith's V \maid_?' -. \'1 hardly know what I said, miss, for 'the place seemed to swim round with me, and there was not a policeman in sight. But I suppose he understood it to mean ? yes,' for he goes on in the same hurried, mumbling tone : ' c Is Mr. Monteith at the house now ?' 'I nodded; and heard him mutter some thing to himself that I would take my Bible oath was wicked language, though I oould not quite distinguish what he said. ' I walked as fast as I dared, but he quite kept step with me, and presently begins again, in quite a changed and coaxing sort \ of tone. And says he : Ns,. ' « You could do me a wonderful service, ;_, s ^ y°u would, young woman ; and I am the ''* sort of person to be grateful to a friend in ^ : need. You do not answer, but I am sure you^^'liot so hard-hearted as to refuse wHiaft isrii ma^er of life and death to me.' ??^^OTOgp%di- and began to feel for my ptif8^|B|^fier6'realIy was something melting iri$fg|f$|eg||a I felt sure, though I could not'M||6l|^in the darkness, that the tears were in?Mi?e'yes. ' * If it is charity you want,' I began ; but he laughed very softly, and put my hand with my purse in it gently away from him. ' ' Keep your money, my dear girl,', says he. ' I do want charity, surely and sorely enough ; but it is your mistress's, not yours. No, if you wish to help me, you will place this letter in her hands to-night.' Kershawe came to a melodramatic pause there,- making what she knew to be a point effectively enough. But she was not prepared for the effect her words produced on the mistress who was ordinarily so indifferent and so hard to rouse. 'He said that?' Casilda cried in a hard gasp, when she could command her voice sufficiently to speak at all. Her gieat eyes blazed with a wicked triumph ; she was eager to speak and hear, but her passion balked itself ; she trembled from head to foot, and could find neither breath nor words at will. ' Sit down, miss ; you look that dreadful bad,' said the woman, shocked into sym pathy for once. But Casilda pushed back the chair, and ?went on in the same eager, breathless fashion. ' You took the letter, of course ?' 'I could do no less, miss ; 1 would have done much more than that to get rid of him.' She held out her feverish, skeleton hand ; her burning eyes turned almost imploringly to the prim white face ; her wild longing for the sweet revenge that was so nearly in her grasp mastered all prudence and all sense of dignity; to have that letter in her possession she would have become her own servant's slaye. But Kershawe looked properly shocked and drew her spare finger up majestically, and then said in a meekly rebuking tone : 'Where should it be, mips, but in Mrs. Monteith's hands, towhom it wns sent?' She stood smoothing, down her short apron, conscious that Casilda glared at her like a baffled fury, conscious also that she must govern her rage and speak civilly if she wished to learn any more. And Casilda recognised this fact, angrily enough, but so fully, that the 'fool,' she ground out between her sharp white teeth bocame a mere angry mutter, and it was with tho ghastl}' semblanco of a smile that she at last was able to force herself to say: ' Of course— you are right, Korshawe, I worded my question stupidly, what I meant to ask was, how did Mrs. Montoith receive this— this extraordinary application— when.- you delivered it to her ?' 'Well, I will say I never saw a lady more taken aback in my life. She grew so white I thought she was going off iu a faint, and her pretty bluo eyes seemed to grow three times their natural size, but in a-minute she commanded herself quite wonderful and says in an easy, even a haughty tone : ' Thauk you Kershawe, this is a tiresome pensioner of mine,' and slips the letter quite cool like in her pocket.' Casilda leaned back sick with disappoint ment. So much had seemed within her reach, and %'et, after all, she had gained so little. If she had only known, if she could but have possessed herself of the letter, and placed a convincing proof of his wife's un worthiness in Frank's hands, and dealt him blow fjr blow. She felt that she could gladly have died — but now ! Now she knew enough indeed to convince her that Bessie was at least a woman with a secret, but to breathe that secret in Prank's ear would be nothing less than madness now. En his full and loving trust in his young wife, he would laugh her suspicions to scorn, if he did not angrily dismiss her from the house whose happiness she had attempted so persistently to destroy. ' No, I must wait, and watch,' she cried, pressing her thin fingers to her throbbing temple?, and looking strangely eager aDd witch-like, as she stood in the red fire glow, ' with such a burden as she has on her con science, she must betray herself some day.' CHAPTER VII. ' Bessie, my pet, I wish you would do me a favour.' Bessio looked up from her coffee cup with a pale little smile. She was very pale and frightpned looking this morning. Frank, thought, vexedly, hi3 mother and sister must be less kind than he thought them, to have broken the bright young spirit so completely. 'A favour?' she echoed with a nervous laugh, ' ask and have, my lord and master.' ' Ah, but I come a begging My chan cellor of the exchequer should not be too ready to grant supplies, should she, mother ?' He laughed; and turned to his mother, trying, as his usual custom was, to draw these discordant elements together even in jest. But Mrs. Monteith did not answer at once, she was noticing with a sort of angry terror, the curious whiteness that crept over Bessie's rose tinted skin, the nervous twitching of the soft, childish lips. And the girl herself was miserably con scious of this scrutiny, conscious too, of the wolfish glare in Casilda's haggard eyes, con scious that the moment she shrank from and dreaded, was at hand. But strength came to her in her supreme agony, and she answered with an imitation of her husband's tone, that only sounded absolutely hollow and unreal iu her own strained ears. ' Very well, I am open to correction, my dear, when I fully understand, 1 will enter tain your application, that is, if I think it reasonable.' '? Cool, upon my word !'' Frank said, .rising and standing^on the hearth-rug with his back to the fire, | and his cheery .face turned in upon the little group. ' Is must be careful what lessousN^ give to such a sharp little fiuancer as you— well— in plain. English, I want you to lend me a ten pound note for a few days.' Crash came the pretty china cup that Bessie had been holding, the hot coffee ran down tho front of her delicately frilled morn ing dress, scorched her slender.fingers, and wrung from her a little hysterical cry of pain. In a moment Frank was at her side so concerned at her misfortune and evident dis tress, that he altogether forgot the subject they had been discussing. 'Why Bessie, how can you be so awk ward ?' he said, examining the red trem bling fingers anxiously. ' Are you so much hurt.Mny darling ?'' ' No,vuo,'- she cried, half crying, and trembling so violently that in spite of her re-assuring words he still felt alarmed. 'I. am only stupid, and— and feel a little damp.' She shook out the limp discoloured frills that were so good and welcome a pretext for escape, and ran out of the room. Frank looked puzzled for a second or two, then, muttering some indistinct apology, he followed her, catching as he passed into the hall the mocking echo of Casilda's shrill dis cordant laugh. No sooner had he disappeared than Mrs. Monteith, who had been silently fuming all through the scone, broke into angry and impulsive speech. ' A pretty little dramatic interludo ? what does it mean, I wonder ?' She spoke rather to herself than to her daughter, who was neither a safe nor a favourite confidante. But Casilda's answer came with a certain bitter promptness. 'Shall I tell you the meaning, mother ? Mrs. Frank Monteith is a clever actress, and she devised oh the spur of the moment an admirable exit from a trying and very em harassing situation.' ' You mean that — ' 'I mean that, not having the mout-y for which Frank asked — money that ho has evidently confided to hoi charge, she took refuge in histeria and an accident.' Mrs. Montoith frowned and bit her lip sharply— her own suspicions wore certainly aroused, but she did not choose to foster those of Casilda. , 'You nlwa)'s go to far, child,' she said reprovingly, ' and never believe in a motive that lies on the surface. One would think that j'ou wished to sow the seods of dissen sion between Frank and his wffo.' ' As I do,' Casilda cried savagely. ' Did j ho not do the same good nffioo ouco for me ? But I neod not trouble myself, mntliev': the seeds are sown already, and unless I am much mistaken, Frank will have a goodly crop to reap.' Mrs.' Monteith answered only by an im patient sign, and moving into tho pretty bay window took up tho morning paper, and apparently devoted herself to a very diligeut perusal of its contents. It was -useless, she knew, to argue with Casilda, and sho already regretted the one impulsive speech that had given thohalf guossed subject an opening. But deep at the bottom of her own heart lay the same conviction that her daughterJiad so passion ately avowed. ? \ There tuns some mystery in Jessie's life, some strange secret between husband and wife. Presently Frank came back, a strangely altered Frank, as his mother saw with a secret droad, and Oasilda with an almost open exultation. His face had lost all its healthy colour, his browa contracted, and his eyes had a new look of anger and distress. Mrs. Monteith oven fancied that his hand trembled a little as he buttoned up his coat, that firm strong hand, whose muscles had always seemed made of steel. Casilda, standing with one slender foot on the polished steel fender, watched her brother's reflection in the holly- framed glass, and read the story of his troubled face aright, before she turned with affected sympathy, and said in her very softest tone : ' You bear your wife's pain for her, Frank, you look the very ghost of your self ?' ' Do I ?' he said, with a little start andt a forced smile ; ' I have been vexed, that is, I am getting nervous aud womanish ; I let trifles upset me.' ' Such trifles as— the want of ton pounds, for instance ?' she replied. He frowned and winced a little under the unwavering scrutiny of those strange, burning eyes, that seemed to read the most secret thoughts of his soul, but he answered with well- feigned lightness : 'You are fanciful, Cassie;- one must not own to even a temporary impecuniosity ' in the hearing of a rich woman.' He turned towards the door with a cherry ' good day, mother,' but before he could reach it Casilda's taunting voice recalled him. ' Stay one moment,' she cried eagerly ; ' Frank, let ni-3 lend you those ten pounds which you need, since your wife cannot, or will not.' The blood rushed hotly back to Frank Mouteith's face, he felt the sting of those maliciously emphasised words, and a quick and angry answer rose to his lips, but he bit them sharply to keep it back, he would not give his sister the cruel satisfaction of seeing how deeply she had wounded him. 'No thank you,' she said meeting her sharp glance impenetrably, and ignoring the latter part of his speech altogether ; and then, with a uorl to the harassedlook ing woman in the window, he was off and away. (To be continued. J 