Advicbto MothebsI— Are yon broken in yonr rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mas. Winslow's Soothing Sirup. It will relive the poor snfferer im madiaf ol*» Tf is nprfantlir hflrmlpflB tLTtA nWD. ant to taste, it produces natural, qniet sleep, by relieving tbe child from pain, and the little cherub awakes 'as bright as a button.' It sothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regnlates the bowelB, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and iarrnoea, whether arising from teething or other causes, Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at le lid. per bottle. Small Capitalists wisning v Establish a Business should see if there it, An opening for a Mineral Water Manufactory in tneir diBtrict, ill information and receipts for the purpose 1 making Lemonade, Soda Water, kc, is given previous knowledge is not necessary. The aemand for these drinks is bo much on the in crease, in all parts of the world, that the outlay for the machinery in all caseB leads to a profi able and safe buRinesB. Catalogue forwarded free, or can be ht-u at tbe office of this paper on naymen of Is.— Baknktt aud Foster. Engi neers 230, Forston street, London, N, A Cabd.— To oil wno are Buffering from the enorsand indiscretins of youth, nervous weak ness, early decay, loss of manhood, Uc, I will send a recipe that wili enr: yon, free of charge. This great remedy was discovered by a mission ary in South America. Scn'l a self addressed V.e Rev. Joseph T. Inman, Station, D., New York City, U.S.A. WoMAN'b Sphere — There are few men now so benight«d an to believetbat woman's mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's words : 'To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worse for knowing bow to bake bread or make a custanl, and in both these little arts she is greatly assisted by Messrs. Borwick k. Sons, who, for her conveni ence, have produced their celebrated ' Making Powder' and Gold Medal ' Cubtard Powder.' With the former article the most palatable bread, cakee, and pastry can be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble; whilst, with the latter, she is independent of the domestic hen, and can make the most deliciou! cunurde, blanc-manges, &c;, at half th* usual time. GHOSTS,— An attempt is being made in tbe old conntry 10 revive the belief id visitants from another world, und tnBny are the wonder ful stories ihat fill some of the jour.. -Is. Tbe sceptical mind is, however, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How do I know that yon are not a bit of undigested bread 1' for, of all the ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt the sorest spell against ghosts by using Borwick'e Gold Medal Kakinz Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't ' raise ghosts,' it will mine bread in the most admiiable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and very good hou»ewi»o buys it. May Good DrGEHTiox wait on Appetite says Shakespeare, but ' good digestion ' wil; never wait upon bud bread, and it is therefore of the greatest importancctbat in making bread one Hhould use only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation through long uae jn htjuseboMB throughout the world Foremost amongst thei1* mmt be reckoued ' Berwick's Gold Medal fiakiog 1-owdBr,11 which hod stood the test in every climate of the world Get it, use it, and add your testimony to that of tbe million! who praise it. 