Sporting Mems. — t- : : — v .- . ... Paul, the racer, goes to the stud at Cam bridge Gulf, North Australia. Some knowing money still goes oh July, the N.Z. brother of Sir Modred. Kiiigsdale has been backed for the Hawkesbury Handicap at 50 to 2. E. Sutton and A. Farrell are matched at Sydiley for 150 yards spin, £200 aside. Uralla is booked for some thousands to win the Melbourne Derby and Cup, at 50 to I. Malone is once more at scratch — in the Botany Handicap, and J. H. Simpson is the favourite. Clifford having fallen down a flight of stairs will never row again. It's a back not a backer he wants now. Teemer won the New Orleans regatta from fourteen starters, which included Gaudcur, Lee, Paterson, Hosmer, Plaidsted, and others. M'lvor, who dislocated his collarbone at the last Flemington Steeplechase, has had similar injuries to the same part of his anatomy four times. The Nimrods, twelve in number, on a recent trip outside . Sydney Heads, decked 278 schnapper and 300 fish of other kinds. The top score . was 42. The generous offer of the Hon. James White to give the services, free, of Chester to the New Zealand Stud Company, has been accepted ; and either Wood Nymph or Elphine will be sent over.. Larry Foley has lost his wife, a good little woman who only fell out with him when he went to box. It is said Larry's marriage was a romantic affair. The funeral was one of the biggest seen in Sydney for a long time. An offer appears in the Melbourne Sportsman from Mr. Robert Sutton, of the Vic torian Club, to stake £500 against another £500, or less if desired, that no ' shootist' in Austrlia can kill thirtv-eiaht pigeons out of fifty at thirty yards. The use of both barrels will be allowed, the charge to one and quarter ounce shot. Mr. Sutton under takes to find the birds. A dog-fight between the imported Eng lish brindle Jim, the property of. an English noble man, backed by Boston and English sportsmen, and a light brindle from Philadelphia, for £50, took place at a road-house near Philadelphia. The Philadelphia dog won, killing his antagonist after two hours' fighting. A large amount of money changed hands, the English dog having been the favourite. Coronet was, July 20, backed for the Melbourne Cup to win about five thousand pounds, the best offer against the son of St. Albans Jbeing now thousands to forty. Mr. Robertson's hoi$e is looking and moving splendidly, and if he dqftsn't ' get his back hurt' this time, he should finish very much nearer than he did in the Australian Cup, as with 7st. 101b. in the saddle he has certainly nothing to complain of. Recently, a .number of sporting men visited a well-known sporting resort near Long Island, New York, to witness a dog-fight between Dick, a 38-pound dark brindle, the property of a Boston politician, and Stranger, a 39-pound dog, owned in Greenpoint. The fight was for £10) aside and a silver collar to be worn by the champion. Before the fight the betting was even. The battle was a fierce one, 33Jmin., and resulted in the death of Dick. Stranger was badly injured, having his leg broken. The victory of Rhodanthe in the Waterloo ' Cup caused much surprise, as, although her run ning troughoub. was- faultless, it was thought that, being in her fourth season, Bhe would have ' slowed' ' rl y\TTT »-> ' TTrtw /inwnnn vet nlmnaf nn r» 1 1 n UU IT U« AJ.U1 VUUVtA AO UIIUUOl. VllV nuuiUUV" VWVAM of victories, as, out of 48 courses run already, Bhe has won 42. Among her principal honours are the Ballarat Champion Stakes, the "Waterloo Cup of 1883, the Vice-President's place at tho Oval, in Capri's year, and other events. Twice a winner of the Waterloo Cup is no common achievement for a greyhound, and what adds to the victory in Rho- danthe's case is that her Cup wins are separated by a gap of two years. Messrs. L. C. Lawford and A. Balme, are now owners, and said to hare netted fully £3000 by Rhodanthe's clever performances. Following are the latest items : — V.R.C. Derby — 1000 to 140 Newstead, 1000 to 90 Dunlop. Caulfield Cup— -5000 to .150 each Velocipede and Lucky Hit, 5000 to 100 each Grace Darling, and Vision, 5000 to 125 each Plausible and St. John. Melbourne Cup— 5000 tTo 200 Coronet, 5000 to 150 each Commotion and J uly, 1000 to 22 each Espiegle, Mozart, and Stornaway ; 5000 to 100 Prometheus. The following are the latest quotations for the Caulfield Cup : — 1000 to 40 Velocipede (off), 1000 to 20 Vision (off), 1000 to 30 each Claptrap, Wel come Jack, Grace Darling, Lucky Hit, Blink Bonny, . Lord Wilton, Plausible, and St. John (off). V.R.C. Derby— 1000 to 150 Newstead (off), 1000 to 80 Isonomy (off), 1000 to 100 each Monte Christo, Uralla, and Dunlop (off). Melbourne Cup — 1000 to 50 Coronet (off), 1000 to 40 Commotion (off), 1000 to 30 July, St. John, and First Demon (tk. and off.), 1000 to 25 others. Jem Ward, England's champion pugilist, became an admirer, and purchasA of paintings, and Tom King, another English champion pugilist, is thus described : — " After the Heenan affair Tom next tried his skill in sculling matches against Frank Kilsby and other oarsmen, proving himself almost as good at sending a shell-boat through the water as he had in sending men to grass on the turf. He married a wealthy ship-builder's daughter, and for many years has followed book-making with extraordinary good lnck. He is one of the wealthiest non-titled betting men in England, having his coachman and footman and all his trimmings, with an elegant country-seat, extensive conservatory, and a lare tract of land under cultivation. King is said to take most of the prizes at the flower shows in and around London. Tom King, when in the prize-ring, always had aristocratic notions, and the sporting reporters used to say that if he ever became champion of England the streets of London would not be wide enough for him." Perhaps the luckiest of the winners on the Flemington Steeple day was a Sydney book maker, who got into Melbourne about twelve, drove down to the course, took six ponies about Hippo- griff, a hundred and twenty to eighty about Reti cent, didn't fancy Sheet Anchor at the short odds, and laid five hundred to four against him, backed Wymlet for the Steeplchase, Student for the Sell ing Hurdle, the Ghost for the last race, and left for Sydney the same evening more than a thousand pounds richer than when he crossed the border twelve hours, earlier. Not bad business this. Another case of successful punting is worth record ing. A backer, renowned for a propensity for ' playing his bit up,' invested a pound on Hippo- griff for the Maiden Hurdle rt 5 to 1 ; this coming off, he took 9 pounds to 6 about Reticent, staked the lot on Sheet Anchor, and fell. Having then a pound left he commenced a fresh, took. 7 to 1 about Wymlet for the Grand National Steeplechase, 3(Ho 7 about Student for the Selling Hurdle, and in vested the lot on The Ghost at tens to 1. He went home with a clear profit of nearly four hundred pounds. 