C A M I O L A: A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. By justin McCarthy, Author of "Miss Misanthrope," "Maid of Athens," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIX.—"River op Remorse and Innocency." Suddenly Pilgrim was hailed from the road out of which he had turned to reach the river side. " Hallo, Pilgrim!" " Mr. ltomont, is it you?" "Why, certainly, Pilgrim. You look a little surprised to see me !" "Well, yes; I am a little surprised, Mr. Romont." Pilgrim became rather embarrassed. What he would have said if he had spoken out his mind was this, " I am surprised to see you going about openly in your own costume and your own person, seeing that you are supposed to be somewhere far out of London, and that Albanian Joseph is atill supposed to he in Pitzurseham." Pilgrim had never asked a question or said a word about Albanian Joseph; but he knew pertectly well who Al banian Joseph was, and Romont always knew he did. What little plot Mrs. Pollen and Romont had in hand he could not guess, but he had a.vague presentiment borne in upon him, he could not tell how, that it would prove to have something to do with Camiola Sabine. He knew it would be some purpose of good to herself, but his heart was sad all the same. Every thought of her wounded him. He had not seen her since that fatal day when he made such a lamentable exhibition of his madness, and he dreaded to look her in the face again. " I am in Fitzurseham again, Pilgrim, as you see. There is a time for folly and a time to be sane. I am trying to be sane just now." " Were yon up at the house ? Were you looking forme?" "Ko; I haven't been up at Fitzurse House; and the truth is I wasn't looking for you, Pilgrim. But lam glad to see you all the same. Are you meditating on the flowing on of life as you look at that shining river ?" There was an enforced gaiety in Romont's manner which did not escape even Pilgrim's notice. "Have you been at the rectory, Mr. Romont ? Have you heard how Mr. George is getting on?" " INo; I haven't been at the rectory, Pilgrim; at least I didn't go in and I didn't make any enquiry; and I haven't the slightest doubt that Mr. George is getting on as well as his most devoted friends could possibly desire. That sort of fellow always does get on all right, don't you think?" Pilgrim wondered what could have induced Mr. Romont to walk to the rectory and not go in or even make an enquiry. Romont had been in a restless mood all the evening, and he had wandered away vaguely from St. James's-street and found himself at last idly lounging round and round that part of Fitzurseham where the rectory stood. If there be any man or woman still young or having memory of youth who requires to be told, as Christian Pilgrim apparently did, why Romont hovered in the neighborhood of the rectory, then on that man or woman are love stcries and love's experi ences thrown utterly away. "But what are you doing here, Pilgrim? You look like a watcher; as if you were on the look out for something ?" "I am on the lookout for something, Mr. Romont; perhaps you will think me absurd if 1 tell you." "My good fellow, what does it matter whether i think you absurd or not? What does it matter whether you are absurd or not ? Are we not all absurd, every one of us, at almost any hour of the day ? I hops to heaven that you are tremendously, insanely, pre posterously absurd, Pilgrim; because you will then keep me all the better in counten ance." " I know at least that you won't laugh at what I am going to Bay to you." "I don't thiuk I feel much in the laughing humor, Pilgrim; but go ahead." At another time Pilgrim might have paid serious attention to Romont's words, and manner, and might even in. his humble; friendly way have pressed for some explana tion. How his mind was absorbed in one thought. He told his thought to Romont in as few words as he could put it into. Romont did not laugh, but shook his head very gravely. " Of course, this is mere conjecture, Pilgrim, and there may be nothing in it." "Of course, of course, Mr. Romont." " But still," Romont said,. " I am almost in clined to think with you that something bad may be coming. Things do look ominous, and I am absurd even to attach some importance to the fact that .the notion has taken so strong a hold on your mind. If she ever were going to do it, here, certainly, would be the likliest spot,_ Anyhow, no harm can come of your waitmg and watching." " Will you keep me company, Mr. Romont." " Of course, I will; I am just thinking what we had better do. Look here; we'll get into one of these little boats. There's one lying olf the Old Ferry Inn—we'll get into it and just go out of mid-stream and get behind one of the big barges there, and keep our eyes fixed on the shore and the churchyard wall. Makes one feel creepy, doesn't it? But that's the thing to do, you may be sure. If the attempt is- made here, Pilgrim, we can save her." "What would you think, Mr. Romont, now. that you are here to keep watch, if I were o go back to Mr, Lamma's house and CeH her of our suspicions, and get her to look after Vinnie?" "Wouldn't think about it at all, Pilgrim." "No, Mr. Romont2" "No." "Not tell the girl's mother and put her on her guard ?" " Certainly not, Pilgrim." Pilgrim was absolutely dumbfounded. Not to go at once and tell the girl's mother; not to put her on her guard; not to have some restraint used with Vinnie ! This was marvel lous. Only his implicit faith in Romont could stand it. "My good fellow," Romont said, "don't you 6ee that if this girl is bent on killing her self nothing on earth can prevent her trying?" To go and frighten her mother, and set her mother to frighten her, would be the stupidest policy in the world. It would only come to this, that Vinnie would put off her attempt to some time and place where we should not be standing by to prevent her. The best thing we can do is to let her try here under our very eyes." Pilgrim's breath was almost taken away. "But suppose we don't succeed in saving her ?" " Of course we'll save her; what i3 the matter with us ? If she does come here^ the thing is easy; and if she doesn't come here then we can't tell where she may go. It is an off chance, but is a chance; I think she will come here." " Then don't you think we should stop her ?" "No, no, no; the only thing is to let her go right in to the river. Many a girl when once she is in would endure the worst troubles in life to be out again. If they are pulled out they become ashamed of the whole affair, the row, and the scandal, and the exposure, and all the rest of it; and they get back to their better Eenses. No; girls don't often try that sort of thing a second time." " I suppose you are right, Mr. Romont. You are sure you can save her ?" "Of course; of course. My good fellow, do you think I never saved any one from drown ing in my life?" Romont spoke as if saving people from drowning was one of the com monest incidents in an ordinary man's life. "I am sure I never did," said Pilgrim, sadly. " Lots of things you never did, Pilgrim. But there's one thing I know you can do, and hat is obey orders." " Yes, I can do that." "Very well, then; if anything should hap pen, if we should see anything, you had better let me boss this business—let me manage it all, if you don't mind." " Certainly, Mr. Romont." "I think I am a cooler hand, don't you know; and if this should happen we must bear in mind that we haven't merely to prevent the poor thing from coming to any harm just now, but we have to prevent her from ever trying it on again. Do you understand what I mean now, Pilgrim ?" "I don't think I do, Mr. Romont; but it doesn't matter if you do. I'll just take my orders." _ "All right; you will understand." There was a silence for some moments. No thing was heard by the two watching men bid: the lapping of the water against their own boat and round the bows of the barge behind which they lay sheltered, and the ^occasional barking of a dog, and the chiming of a clock in some belfry tower. " Ten o'clock ! If she i3 coming at all," Pilgrim said in a low whisper, " she won't be long now. Keep a sharp look out, Mr. Romont; your sight is better than mine." " Why do you think it will be soon now ?" " She will wait until her mother has gone to bed—that will be before ten." " Oh." There was another pause, and for a longer time. Pilgrim was growing almost sick with nervous anxiety. Although there was no moon the skies were singularly clear, and the eye travelled far under that luminous atmosphere. The watchers were peering cautiously out from behind the shelter of the barge and her heavy rudder. The tide was nearly at its height. There must have been many feet of water under the old churchyard wall. There was a rather strong current running towards London. " Hush," said Romont, in a voice so low that the ripple of the waves was noise to it. His quick ears had caught the sound of some movement like the crunching of gravel in the churchyard. The gates of the churchyard were always closed at nights, but there was a kind of roadway, or " hard" sloping down to the river parallel with that one of the church yard walls which ran from the river inland, and parts of this wall were so low, and the rough roadway mounted in places so high, that any one could easily get over the wall and in among the graves and tombs. Unquestionably some one had leaped down from the wall into the churchyard, and now a hurried, irregular tread could be heard by the watchers behind the barge. Yes; it was a girl. Pilgrim had guessed aright. The figure of a woman was plainly seen now by both the men. The woman came to the wall which looked over the river and stood a moment and stared across the waters aud up at the sky and back on. the church itself. Then she flung off her bonnet and shawl and mounted on to the wall. She stood there one moment, and a half suppressed cry or moan broke from her. Pilgrim was about to push off the boat and shout to the girl to stop; but Romont seized him by the shoulder and held him in his place, making at the same time vehement gestures to him to keep quiet. It needed all Pilgrim's confidence in Romont's judgment to enable him to keep quiet at such a moment, "She will do it," he said to his own affrighted soul; " she will do it in a second while we are waiting here." Yes, he was right; she has done it. She sprang wildly from the wall; there was a splash and a stifled shriek; and poor Vinnie Lammas was in the ThameB. "Keep quiet," said Romont harshly to Pilgrim, "sit still, don't stir, leave this to me." He took the sculls as quietly as if he were merely about to amuse himself with a late paddle on the river and gently pushed the boat away from the shelter of the dark barge. Pilgrim covered his face with his hands; he could not bear to look up or around him, Romont sculled the boat lightly with the current, shooting, several rapid strokes ahead, and looking keenly out over his shoulder the while. " Now then, Pilgrim, here we are ?" Getting courage from Romont's cool composure, Pilgrim looked up, and made ready to do something, ha did not quite know what. Rom ont was resting onhis oars and wairing. Sudd en1 y Pilgrim saw something come floating, bobbing, dancing down the stream. It was the back of a woman's head. He could see nothing but that at first; it seemed like a curly-haired head with no body attached. "411 right," said Romont, in a low, reassuring tone, and shipping hi3 scull3 he crept over Pilgrim to the steru of the boat, and put both his arms under Vinnie's head, and held it up by the short curlinghair. " Catch hold, of the sculls, Pilgrim, and pull like mad for the shore." Rumont was in reality much excited, but he spoke as composedly as if all this sort of thing were happening every day. "For the barge, Mr. Romont?" Pilgrim asked in doubt and excitement. "No, no; for the shore; man alive, we couldn't get her into this boat, aud we couldn't get the ba. ge ashore. Go ahead." Pilgrim waspulling with heroic vigor and un heroic awkwardness. A very few strokes brought them close up to the landing-place just under the churchyard. Romont here stepped into the water and lifted Vinnie out of it. He waB now standing on the shore holding her in his arms, her pallid, corpse-like face resting on his shoulder. She was still insen sible, but full of life and shivering all over. "Take off your coat, Pilgrim, and wrap it tightly round her; wrap it as if you were wrap ping a mummy; that will get some heat into her again. Good; very well done. Now just contrive somehow to get off this coat of mine ; bear a band this way. Gently now while I just lift her head a little. There—there—quietly. Don't stir her more than you can help. That's it; all right. Now wrap my coat tightly round her feet and ankles. That's the way. Now then you had better carry her; this way, don't you see, just as you would carry a child. Aud now we had better start. I'll just make fast the boat." Romont had a kind of idea that when Vinnie came to and heard what had happened she would rather know that she had been the arms of the elder than of the younger man. " One moment. Pilgrim," Romont employed bis handerkerchief to dry as well as he could Vinnie's curly hair and face. "Now stoop down, kneel down, she must have swallowed a lot of water. Hold her head just a little this way, yes, that will be all right." A. little torrent of water gushed from the girl's mouth as Romont had expected, that it would, and she sobbed and shuddered con vulsively, opened her eyes once or twice in a sightless way and sank off again insensible but evidently relieved. " Now, we may go on again, butnot too fast. Is she very cold ?" "I don't think she is so very cold now, Mr. Romont; except her face, perhaps." "No matter about that; just keep these coats round her as rightly as you can. The women won't be long getting her plenty of hot blankets up at house, I suppose? Shall I run on before and tell them ?"' " At what house, Mr. Romont?" " Why at Fitzurse House, to be sure." " But there's nobody there." They kept going on all the same, for as yet they had not reached the main road, and only when they got there would it bo necessary for them to decide. It had not occurred to Romont that there could be any difficulty about carrying the rescued girl up to Fitzurse House at once. For a moment he became puzzled when Pilgrim interposed his practical objection. "By Jove; I never thought of that—are there no women to-night up at the house ?" " Not a ghost of a woman. Mrs. Pollen and her maid went away hours ago." "Then there's nothing for it but to take her to the rectory, We can't go into the Old . Ferry Inn and have all Fitzurseliam gaping over the story for the next week, and if we took her home we should only frighten her mother into fits, and find no one else who could do a hand's turn for the poor child. The rectory is a place we have all a claim on; and there are women enough there." They were again tramping briskly along. Filgrim found his physical strength come in useful to him now. He was carrying Vinnie with as much ease and tender care as if she were a little sick child. " She will recover, Mr. Romont ?" he asked plaintively with his eyes fixed on the little dark and damp head that rested on his shoulder. "Recover? of course she will. Her heart was beating nicely a moment ago. Here we are. She will be in better hands here than yours or mine, Pilgrim." As they made for the door of the rectory Romont was thinking that he was sure to see Camiola and was wondering what she would say when she saw this sudden apparition; and wishing in his secret soul that he was in Vinnie Lammas's condition, on the off chance that Camiola might have to do something for him. 