THE ZIC ZAG TELEGRAPH. A TALE OF A MIND DISEASED. Bv Lloyd G. Thompson. IfoB nearly nineteen years I bave been waiting for some one to write the history of this line; but JLuring all,this time no account of its origin, or the manner in which it performed "its work, has been published, and, so far as I can leam, no hint even of its existence has appeared in print. Can it be possible that I was sole proprietor and operator, and my weary messages alone went creeping over the irires; that its faithful, patient services were iven to me only ? If so, upon me clearly tevolves the task of writing its history. And yet, to own the truth, this task is not an easy one. The Zig Zag was such an anomaly among telegraphs, such a bizarre affair altogether, that it sets at defiance all ordinary methods of description. It was behind the times; it was slow with its messages; it carried them a long way around, and stopped with them- in unexpected plaoes; there was an . air of mistiness about it that made me sometimes suspect that it was only the ghost of a telegraph—the phantom, perhaps, of some uncompleted, early invention left an orphan by the death oQthe inventor. Bnt stay—I must be more explicit. This telegraph was not composed of solid material substance; it did not consist of actual posts and wires. It was a phenomenon of an exceptional condition of body or mind, a phase of mental action in a given.direction, a system of exploration- in the realms of memory, a—well, I will admit it at once, a something that I never quite understood ;* a problem, the solution of which I have many times alniost reached, but which has always eluded me by dodging around unexpectedcorners and disappearing when I thought I had forced it into a cul de sac. I will therefore make public my experience with this line, and transfer to others the solution of the problem; and, &s; the condition of body and mind was doubtless a factor necessary to the solution, I will make known this oondition by briefly telling a small portion of my life's history. On the 6th of March, a.d. 1865, with other paroled prisoners, I crossed Broad River, twelve miles from Wilmington, N.C., and stood-once more, with bared head and thankful heart, beneath the flag of our country. The emotions awakened by the sight of this emblem of all we held dear, I shall not venture to describe. I should blush to bring the poor tribute of words to the flag sanctified by baptism in the tears of our tenderest and the blood of our bravest. For more than ten months I had been a prisoner at Andersonville, and Florence. In this article I shall make no attempt to portray the horrors .of Anderson ville. The evidence under seal furnished by those thirteen thousand graves needs no corroboration by parole testimony. When the storm has passed, the wreoks on the beaoh are surer recsrds of the force of the tempest than all* the figures at the signal stations. I had fought the battle for life for more than ten months in those prison pens, and I was conscious that I had fought it well. I had lost ground daily, it is true, but I had contested it by foot by foot and inch by inch. My resistance bad beeii steady, unfaltering, syste'matic. At the time I was paroled I was suffering from scurvy and general -debility, and ha3 also endured most of the minor sicknesses of the camp; but thus far I had escaped those fearful fevers that had wrecked so many of my companions. Shortly after I reached Wilmington a strange dullness took possession of me. My mind refused to act with its accustomed vigor. Owing to the ravenous appetites of some of the men, orders had been given to issue extra rations to all who required them; and, although the regular daily ration was more than sufficient for me, I fell into the line with the others and'drew the- extra. This I took to my tent-mate, for safe-keeping, and again fell in and repeated the process, over and over, as long as the drawing lasted. About this time,-top,>rackingpama»assailed me, and I longed inexpressibly for home. Then the vessel came to take us to Annapolis, and. we struggled, and pushed,and jostled each other, in our eagerness to get on board; and at last I was fortunate enough to get tumbled on to the deck .just as the captain announced that he had a load, and could take no more. My recollections of the voyage are confused. I remember being rolled about, and crowded, and lain on by other passengers. I also remember staggering up to draw rations, although I could not eat. Then I was helped off the vessel, and some one took me by the arm and led me away. Then we stopped, and and a voice said," Wash him." And then— blankness. . . How long the blank lasted I do not know. When my corisoiousness returned I was in a clean bed with white sheets. A light burned in the room, but I saw no one. I closed my eyes, and was lost again. When I awoke it was broad day, and a young man, dressed in a fresh suit of army blue, was standing by the bed-side. He expressed no surprise as his glance met mine. I lifted my right hand, and was astonished at the effort so slight an action required. I gazed at the skeleton fingers, and vaguely.wondered where I had been while that hand was growing so thin. I said, " "What's the matter ? " He said," You have had the fevejr. You're all right now. Don't talk." His voice was low and even; it expressed no sympathy, no anxiety; he moved away, and I slept again. My recovery was rapid. The hospital surgeon visited me at intervals; he asked me no questions; he merely looked at me and passed on. I had a ravenous appetite, and, with the regularity of clockwork, a tray was placed before me on which was a cup of tea and a delicate piece of toast crowned with poached egg. As I gazed at this dainty repast, I thought it a meal fit for a god—that is, for a very small god. After a few days the pyramid on the plate was increased in altitude .by the insertion of another slice Of toast under the ovarious crown, and flanked by a bottle of porter. Next came the order for admission to the fulldiet table, and soon after the certificate entitling me to' a furlough. During all this period of convalescence I was conscious of no derangement of the mind's action. My main interest in life centred in the present; or reached forward„to-the future; .but still memories of the past, mostly of hope and early life, came to me naturally.* I had, however, made no attempt. - to recall past events, as the admirable system oi unquestioning treatment practised at St. Mary's College Green Hospital bad sugested no such effort; and it was only when called upon to answer questions, at the time. I applied for a furlough,, that I discovered the singular phase of mental aberration which forms the subject of this narrative. I have said that my recovery was rapid; perhaps I oughib to add that as I threw off the fever I began to suffer with a . difficulty in my feet, -probably scurvyr—a difficulty that increased daily, until each foot felt like an immense bruise. But as'this disease did not trouble me seriously whOe I waB in the hospital, I did not mention the matter to any one, fearing that to do sjd would delay my departure for home. This brief portion of personal history, is, I believe, aU that is necessary to put the ublic in possession.of facts that bave any Searing on the problem, under discussion. Arid now I come to the most difficult part of my task, the portrayal on paper of this abnormal action of the mind; and in order successijplly to do this, I must describe the normal action in the same direction in such a way that it will be clearly recognised by all, ; and yet,in such a way as will enable the reader to comprehend the abnormal. Holdl .I have it! I will materialise this action; and if the materialisation lacks an arm, or even a leg to stand on—as is not unusually the case—if it but serve my purpose before vanishing in thin air, I shall be content. I will represent quemoiy as a network of telegraph wires, the main line connecting the mind with the beginning of conscious. existenoe, and side wires connecting this line with each event, each incident, each thought, of past life. When the mind is unimpaired and the lineg are in perfect working order, information can be obtained instantly from 1 any of the outlying stations. The question is I flashed over the wires, and the answer iB returned, and the combined messages constitute a thought. In many instances, however, no perceptible action of the mind is-required, and the mind is unquestioning and at rest; and yet, from the various depdts in which our experiences of the past are stored, the messages come trooping in, and we call them memories. These are phases of the normal aotion of the intellect and the undisturbed working of the lines. But I am also familiar ^ with many phases of abnormal aotion, and various phases of wreck in the lines of communication: First, the poor wretch with the wire all down behind him, and the past a blank. Second, where the main line iscntatagiven point in the past. Baok to thfe point the communications are perfect and the side lines complete, but beyond—nothingness. Third, where the main line is complete and the side lines are in order-near the farther end, but mostly broken or impaired froin childhood to the present. This is a common case. The gray-haired man prattles of the scenes of his youth, but does not recall the events of his manhood. Every word of the prayer bis mother taught him is familiar, bat he cannot remember a sentence of the speech' that made him famous ten years ago. He does not reoognise an acquaintance of yesterday, but the faces of the friends of his boyhood stand out clear and distinct. ~ I need net particularise further; every one is familiar with the gaps in sections, where the storms bf life have beaten down the side lineB,- and with the downfall of individual wires. Neither will it be worth while to call attention to the Blight derangement of a particular wire that does not respond as promptly as we wish, but leaves our question unanswered, while the operator at the other terminus apparently takes a short nap, and we scratch our beads in vexation. My object in writing this article is to describe this well-known system 6f communication only so far as may be necessary to explain the working of the other line, which no one-but myself appears tohave used; and as I made use of both, I will designate the former as the Direct line^and the latter as the ZigZag. The Direct line was always at my service oneway—ft would bring messages, but coulB not be relied on to carry them; it would transmit one, and refuse the next in what I then thought a most captious manner; arid some- times it would apparently grow sulky and refuse them altogether. But the patient Zig Zag was not captious; it did not sulk when called npon to do the work refused by its rival; it went steadily,ploddingly,at its task, and never rested till its work was done. These two lines were distinct in almost every respect, and in order, to make the distinction plain I will describe as cbncisely as possible the peculiarities of the Zig Zag. First, it never took a despatch straight tp its destination, but went 'zigzagging through the past, making short flights from point to point, and sending back messages from every station.. These messages were dim piotures of familiar scenes, that approached slowly and grew plainer until they reached a certain uniform point of distinctness, when, they vanished instantly. Second, these return messages never contained the information I was seeking, anil some of them appeared to bave no possible connection with'it; and yet I was conscious that each of these dissolving views ...brought me nearer the object of my search. Tljrd, no communication came back~ovi the Zig Zag from the station where it finallj delivered my despatch, but instead the answer came flashingover the Direct Line^ This was tne most perplexing part of the whole transaction; for, although assured that each returning message by the Zig Zag brought me one station nearer the station containing the object sought, I never knew how many still intervened, and the answer by the Direct Line invariably caught me puzzling over the last message by the Zig Zag, and gave me a little shock, like that experienced by a person when another jumps out {suddenly behind him and cries, " Boo." Fourth, the number of stations stopped at varied, and this variation appeared to have no relation with the remoteness or nearness of the intelligence desired: To make this clear, suppose A and B to be stations on the Direct Line—A containing stores ddjposited five years and B those deposited six months before; messages to B would sometimes be carried farther around and stop at more stations than messages to A. Fifth, to each despatch the return messages came at regularintervals after the first,which took about twice the time of each of the others. Sixth, the length of the intervals varied with the varying despatches; the answers .to some coming very slowly, and to others quite rapidly. • Seventh, sending and receiving messages by this line produced a certain strain on mind and body that was not felt when using the Direct Line. And now, having partially described the working of this line, I will go back to -the time when I discovered it. I had been notified that a furlough would be given me by ap plying at a certain office, to which I was directed, and, with visions pf home floating; before my mind, I walked into the room anc. stopped at the desk. A grave, stem-looking officer,- with a pen in his, band' and a book before him, sat by the table.. He looked up and said: "Your name." - I gave it,--and then supposed he would fill out my furlough f but instead he recorded my name , in the book, and then inquired : "What regiment do you belong to?"" Of course I knew perfectly well that the information sought was among my stores, bat when I turned; to- the past with the question,What regiment do I belong to!" I was amazed to find that the Direot Line did not respond. My despatch was off on the Zig Zag, and soon the misty messages came: back : First message by Zig Zag. A bleak .fields with a swamp extending from side to. side near the centre ;r the field. enclosed with a - stockade, and crowded with wretohed, dirty, ragged men; :outside the dead-line, a.lon( row of skeleton forms, with dead faoes turned to theaky. ' • • . \- Second message by.-Zig Zag; t A longJine of Union soldiers charging through an open field, with a fprest before them; the line is broken, and jagged;a84£ it had met a blizzard of lead-; there .fere empty saddles, and fallen flags, and a blue-and-redwindrowof dead. Third message by Zigzag. . A regiment of soldiers on dress parade; the soldiers wear blue- coats; there are figures on the fronts of their caps. . . > . ; . By the Direot .Line, Seventy-sixth New York. ' i,i • I I gave the name of my regiment, and the offioer dashed jit down, and asked, brusquely: " Whatcompany?" I Ought to-have been prepared for. this question, bnt'-1 Was- notJ My mind was so dazed with the strange workings of the two. lines that I thought of nothing else jimtQ the question <toas pat.' Again I turned to the past, jmd _ inquired: " What company ?". and again.the [Zig Zag took the question. . . . - . f ; - First message by Zig Zag. L A iiver.8p by a bridge; beyond the luridge an ;arch of ever&gens; and flags; a throng ofraen hurry ing over the bridge- and nnder the axbh; ttfe men are emaciated and half-naked, but their faces glow with joy. Beoond -message by Zig Zag. A forest, Union soldiers grouped rounda dead cavalryman ; a sergeant with face turned toward the group, as if about to give an order; a line of Confederate teoopsin front. By the Direot Line, Company F. I named the company, and the officer jotted it down, and said : " Your oaptain's name ? " And the Zig Zag took the question. First message by. Zig Zag. A long line of Union soldiers, with a group of- officers on horseback in front; the officers with fieldglasses to their eyes; the ground in front descending to a small stream, then ascending to a ridge; the ridge crowned with a line of Confederate earth-works and batteries;-sharpshooters deployed as skirmishers between the lines. , Second message by Zig Zag. A prison pen; a scaffold; six men with ropes around their necks and meal-sacks drawn over their heads; a sea of faces turned up toward the scaffold. Third message by Zig Zag. A brigade drawn up in hollow square; a man kneeling on a ooffin, with a file of soldiers beforahim; an officer standing stern and pale, bis ex- > tended right hand holding a white handkerchief. By the Direct Line, Captain Goddard. The officer took down the name, and inquired, impatiently," When did you enlist ? " I had noted his growing irritability, and it increased my distress. Other patients were waiting to be questioned. The fear that my mind -was hopelessly shattered was growing - into certainty. The strain on my mind and body incident to sending and receiving messages was intense. My knees (tehpok .upder me, and great'drops of sweat Bto'tsd' on."my forehead; but I turned doggedly to.the past , with the inquiry, " When did I enlist ? "; The Direct Line rejected, the , message, as it bad the others, but the faithful Zig Zag did iiot desert me; although evidently over-worked, it came bravely to the rescue, and took my message. The first response was longer than usual in coming, but it came at last. ' Message by Zig Zag." A !arge sheet-:of water with a river emptying into it; a snug harbor; a grove of oaks with a" speaker's stand . in the centre; the grove and stand covered with people. At this point the officer repeated the- question, " When did you enlist ?" : The inter- .. ruption broke the connection on the Zig Zag. The tone of the question demanded. an- immediate answer of some 1 sort." . I. made cne desperate effort to force the answer from the Direct Line, then I said sadly, " I can't tell." The officer laid down his pen, and. said petulantly, " I can't give you a furlough If you can't tell me when' you enlisted." Oh; the agony of that moment 1 I was not to go hoine after .all ?' Was it not enough that I was shattered in body and mind, but must this very ruin cut off my last chance for recovery ? I thought not of the forms of respect due from a private to a superior-; I felt only the injustice of fate/ The instinct of self- preservation asserted itself. The old spirit of resistance that had carried me through so many trials blazed out afresh for a moment, arid I- exclaimed passionately :— " Can't you "make some allowance ? Can't you see what a wreck' I am? I've been in prison, God knows how long, and I've had the fever, wad I can't think!" The protest began almost fiercely, but it ended in a wail. I broke down utterly, and cried like a child. For a moment the silence of the room was broken only by sobe; . then a gentle voice said: " I can make allowance; don't distress yourself." Could this: bis the voice of that stern official? I glanced at him " through my tears, and from that iqstant I have had a truer understanding of the* "story of the transfiguration. • His face was as tender as a woman's. With the utmost gentleness, he assumed me that-the matter-could-bear- - Tanged, that I-must take time, and give the date as nearly as possible. Thus encouraged, I commenced again on the ZigiZag, and fourid the year, arid then the month, but not the , day. The furlough was granted, however, and, storing the.paper safely in my pocket, I took the firsttrain for home. At first I was a good deed troubled about the peculiarities of the Zig Zag, but I soon made a *discovery that proved it to be a friend, and also showed that the Direct' Line, in refusing some of my messages and taking others, was acting acoording to law instead of in a spirit of caprice, as I at first supposed: The work of .the Zig Zag was to open com- munications with the stations on the Direct Line, and it had only to convey one .message to eaoh station to accomplish this. When the message was received and the answer sent back by the Direot Line," the connection with that station by the Direot Line was established, and messages flashed back and forth -with their former regularity. I have before spoken of the messages that came unbidden; these, also -opened communication on jthe Direct Line, and to these two sets of 'stations my messages went straight. Stimulated by this discovery, I operated the Zig Zag cheer- _ fully, for -I knew that each returning message enlarged the area of the reconquered territory. By means of the voluntary messages and the efforts of the Zig Zag, I was soon in direot communication with most of the stations, and the use of the Zig Zag became the'exception. At this time I used to ponder a good deal on the subject, and strive %o comprehend the working of these lines. One thing that perplexed me greatly was the -gap between the-last message by the Zig Zsg and the return message by the Direct Line. On exploring these stations after direot communication had been established, I found that some of the Zig Zag messages Approached very nearly the information required ; for example, the" one in regard to the company. It will be recollected that, in the last picture presented by the Zig Zag, a sergeant stood as if about to give an order. Now, the order really given was: "Company'F, info line;" bufr as no inkling of what this order was reached me at the time, by either line^the gap, though apparently small, could not -be filled up. At other times, I could not, by the most careful examination, find the least connection between the last message by the Zig . Zag and the answer by the Direct Line. This puzzled me; arid I imagined that Bbmeot the messages by the Zig Zag had miscarried, andjbad found their way to some unknown deadletter office 1 ; • but I finally became satisfied that the gap, in eaoh instance, extended only from the last station on the "Zig Zag to the station on the Direct Line containing the Information sought. I now give the.oourBe of reasoning by '- whioh this conclusion ^was reached. -.Since {he-messages by the Zig Ztig oame at regular intervals after the fitist, and the first took double the time of e£dh : of the others, I TOnbl'aded t^^despatcVI^<Bent' travelled atsxactly- the same rate of-speed aa ^the-return messages.- Thusy if A. B .and iG represent Stations on the .Zig Z%g;nahd D the desired ^ointon the Direot Lme, and the iritervai time ""between messages was - five seconds later, or at the exact time that riiy despatch reached B ; while the message irom B - Wonld reach -me -at the same inBtapt that my d&patGh; reabhed^G. and consequently the message frota C would reach mewtbe same' time that my despiattjh reaohed D, thepairit. on the Direot liine; andas the transrnifflHin of messsgeB on the' Direot lone pqcupied %o appreciable time, this view of the case was sustained by : thefact that the answer by the Direct Line -always bwne to - me "while 1 was examining the last message by tha Zig Zag^ And now the history pf tbls strange liae is finished, at leastso faras my knowledge of it extends.' I bid faieweQ to the Zig Zag fbr- «vw.' Ah! butis at forever? "As I ait in*he twilight arid watch the gathering shadows, and think of the time in the not', diBttoit -future'when the ehaddws'shall gather fM ithe last time, arid when perhaps the patting soul will long to send the final messages bf love, J, ask myself," Shall I not find it again ? " \- • • 