IL THE HETEROZOA. " In substance unsubstantial. And formed in ahapelessness, Mere biogenetic elimy etuff, A tissue structureless." -Unknown Poet. Under this heading we include the targe Pimm of animals that are not orthozoa. Re garding the question of which too, ehouldbe classed amongst the hetero aud_ which amongst the ortho, as much' might be written as about the disputed doxies, but, briefly, we may state that all those animals which naturalists class below the crustacea present bo many erratic and anomalous cha racters that they may appropriately be placed in a class to themselves. There are even above this class some creatures which seem to have struck out on lines of their cwn, but they are lonely wanderers. The heterozoa are not recognised aB such in the zoological treatises, but the name is convenient and suitable, and certainly as lucid as many which are more seriously used, it is as simple, for instance, as A canthopleryuii pharyngognathi, a name devoted to a single order of fishes, which in its turn is sim plicity itself when compared with the follow ing '.-Amblyetoma ligruium mavorlium lial lowclli smpeclum maculatissimum, a name which an ingenious American naturalist has proposed tolay upon a single species, and whicb its proposer terms-we presume facetiously-a "polynomial" Everyonewilladmittheneces sity of scientific nomenclature, but in many of the systems adopted there is, we Buspect, room for reform. Exact names are used ostensibly to simplify, but often they appear rather to mystify, ana the learning of them involves almost as much labour as would serve to acquire a new lanjmage. The heterozoa are the radicals of aquarium life; they go down to the foundations of bio logy itself. But they differ from the radical of political life in being an early development; and a condition similar to theirs is attained amongst higher classes only by what, in the language of Darwinism, is called "retrograde development" In this anomalous class of beings our ideas of life i^et strangely mixed. One of the fundamental ideas into which we grow from infancy is that there is a distinct difference between animals and plants: a plant is green, fixed in the ground, without spontaneous movement, and derives its nourishment by invisible processes from air ana soil; whereas an animal is green only by some untoward mishap or by a Jew ifesprU, « moves of its own free will, and obtains its nwuishment by eating and digesting. This u the general rule, though the more carctul voeerver will doubtless he ready to point out many exceptions common to ordinary expe rience. The circumstantial account of the cannibal tree of Madagascar, which enticed with Bweet perfumes a guileless maiden, and then bent down to enfold her in its massive leaves, crashing her frail form amidst agonising cries, and pouring forth a stream of digestive juice which mingled with her flow ing blood, has no doubt too strong a Yankee flavour to allow of its admission into the list of credible natural history. But the careful observer will point out that the pitcher plant catches and digests flies, and that the lowly sundew will consume a morsel of meat with seemingly as much relish as a hungry carni vore He will cite numerous instances of green insects, and point out that mushrooms are I white. The naturalist may remind us that the lowest form of green plant, the proto coccus, can swim about with the ease of the swiftest fish. TheBedivergences, however, are the exceptions that prove the rule, but amongst the heterozoa the exception is the rule. Here we have the play-ground of nature, and turn where we will there is something strange. If we go down to the protozoa we find the amoebse, which extem porise legs, when they require them, by simply pushing out apiece of their shapeless mass and drawing it in when done with: in the much-famed but Bomewhat hypothetical Bathybius we have a mass of living ooze, without individuality, without form or struc ture, mere biogenetic mycelium, which covers as with a slimy sheet the bed of the ocean. But these are notaquariumspecunens. In the aqua rium -we have the sponges, the polyps, the jelly-fishes or Medusas, the sea-anemones or zoophytes, and the corals, all of which present their strange peculiarities. In the sponges-which, as Huxley BaytL "after oscillating between the vegetable^ and the animal kingdoms, have, in recent times, been recognised as animals"-the eggs swim about, whilst the adults grow fixea to the ground. Amongst the polyps the fresh-water hydra fHydra vividis) is best known. This animal is green, with true chloropbyl green ness ; but a more eccentric peculiarity is that it can be permanently turned inside out like a glove without suffering more than a little temporary inconvenience. Trembly relates how he forced a worm through the mouth of one of these creatures until the animal was completely filled, then pinched the lower part of its pulpy body, aiding the operation by pushing upwards with a blunt bristle, and presently the creature's mouth slowly widened and it gradually vomited not only the wonn but its whole self as well, until its outside became its inside and vice vend. What the hydra thought of the operation perhapB the S.P.C.A. might be able to say. If it could have spoken possibly it would have protested. But after a few ineffectual efforts to re-swallow itself, [ it philosophically resigned itself to the situa tion, and shortly proceeded to eat the worm with its former outside. Stranger still is the fact that, if cut in two, each half of a hydra will not only live but grow into a complete new animal; if cut into four, then four new hydra will result, and so on without appa rent limit The toiling parent may reflect how eminently convenient this mode of in creasing the population would be in civi lised affairs-a worthy man, having com pleted his allotted task in life, would cut nimBelf into a number of fractions and mul tiply accordingly. But of all our heterozoa perhaps none are more interesting, as certainly none are more beautiful than the Medium, grossly miscalled in the vernacular the jelly-fish. They are neither fish nor jelly. Compared with thenf, jelly is a type of Bubstance and rock-like solidity. They are the most unsubstantial of all creatures, mere animated water, aqueous phantoms. What a ghost would weigh if condensed down to a little solid residue, science has not yet determined; but we do know what a medusa weighs under such circumstances: forty or fifty pounds of a medusal spectre-for we can conceive them in no other light than as spectres when evaporated down to its protoplasmic basis, contains just four or five grains, the weight of a wafer or two. When washed-up by the retiring tide, a medusa simply becomes non est, and the ground shows no traces of it beyond an iridescent ring. If they lived in air, we Bhould call them etherial, but, being marine creatures, our figures of speech fail us. And phantom-like as they are in substance, so are they exquisite in form and appearance. It is gross to com pare them in form, as naturalists have done, to umbrellas and mushrooms. We must use more abstract terms. They are portions of spheres, poetic circles, coloured with ex quisite tints of purple and crimson, celestial blue and sunset green, and glowing in the dark with silvery phosphorescence. Natnre is full of poetry, and Wordsworth was Nature's poet; but here Nature herself has written a poem, and never was a poem so exquisite. The theme of die composition is the beauty of parentage. Of the five dif ferent seta of medusiform beings, no less than four are simply detached portions of lowly polyp animals, which polyps, after feeding and growing, and stall remaining fixed to the ground, give off disc-like detach ments which are commissioned with the duties of nursing and rearing the young, and which swim away growing and increasing in size and beauty, aud bearing with themtheir precious burden. Most of us can remember the simple beauty of the nursery poem, "My Mother," but surely never were tne duties of: parentage surrounded by a poetic circle such as this. The heterozoa vary in size and age There are microscopic forms which are measured by the thousandth of the inch, and whose brief span of life extends over a few hours ; there are the Bea-anemones of ordinary size and undetermined age-Sir J. G. Dalzelltook an anemone from the sea in 1828, and, it was alive and well in its aquarium tank nearly fifty years afterwards; and there is the reef-building coral, a single individual of which will grow into a whole island, and whose existence should be measured by geological rather than by astronomical time; whose pretty headlets will be budding forth in fresh bloom and beauty, while its pedestal is dead, decayed, and even fossilised. Before this! simple being the ancient pines of California! and the giant cuma of Ferndale ore but the j ephemera of yesterday. Of the alcyonaria, the star-fishes, the cri noids, the sea-urchins, and a host of other strange forms, not to be feven named, we can say nothing; but the whole class is full of interest, and nowhere can there be found a subject* of study more full of pleasure for one s hours of recreation than amongst these early forms of lite. 