THE STQHY-TELIoEIt THE CONFESSIONS OF A " PATENT CINE " MAN. CHAPTER III. MEDI- But alas! happiness, as the poet sings, is fleeting, and Mrs. Bolus was the fleetest happiness I have known. Our honeymoon (like all honeymoons) was short, and before a few days had elapsed a shoulder of veal, discharged with unerring accuracy from the right iand of Mrs. Bolus, raised on my cerebellum what phrenologists call a"domestic bump." This was the commencement of hostilities, and eacli succeeding day beheld me assailed with fresh squadrons 1 of re to'- . would, if possible, gam not successful, and then again pealed the thunder of war, the stormy trumpet of the tongue, and the ceaseless cannon flash of the eye. Oil! heavens, what a wretch I became. Naboth was a fool to me, for his Jezebel, though a shrew, yet somehow contrived to die, while mine threatened to be immortal.' To make matters worse, she invariably contrasted my behaviour with that of her deceased husband. "All!" she would exclaim between the missiles she let me have, "poor dear Gripe never used me so," - an expression which to me, who knew her affection for, and had seen the bloody struggles she had with the late lamented, was indeed superlatively impudent. This persecution lasted a year, at the end of which she (oh ! joy) took a fancy to my " Elixir." At first I was apprehensive that its virtues would increase her energy and my consequent tribulation, but soon my fears subsided, for the gunpowder disagreeing with the " innards " (the only proof I ever had that she possessed any) carried her off like a cannon ball. I had by this time swallowed a sufficient dose of matrimony. Talk of physic, indeed, there is none like the physic of marriage, 1 ' eonly stimulant that at once puts soul and body in an uproar. W th me its effects appeared eternal, for a year subsequent to the decease of rs. Gripe I was waited on by a lawyer for her jointure. The fact I had somehow contrived to implicate myself, and as her son claimed his mother's marriage portion, Mr. Shuffle, attorney, was empowered to obtain redress. Now this same Shuffle was one of those legal practitioners who, though perhaps as honest as lawyers are apt to be, was seldom burdened with a conscience, and accordingly, though retained on the opposite side, I presented him with a tempting fee, by which I informed him he might purchase spectacles and thereby see more clearly the justice of the case. He took the hint in good part, acknowledged the force of my claims, and on a subsequent trial of Gripe v. Bolus proved clearly to the court that injured innocence (meaning me) was entitled to tlieir kindest consideration. The consequence was a verdict in my favour, and in gratitude to my adviser I physicked him for nothing. Scarcely had I been reinstated in this competency when, as if to era™ my fortunes, a tall, thin, hypochondriacal old tailor, disgusted with the world and his profession, took up his abode in our town. No one knew aught about him except the postmaster, who observed that he received remittances from home, and naturally concluded that he must be a man of consequence. The house in which Tompkins resided was as niiserable as himlf. A chaos of bilious-looking bricks, cemented with mud mortar, formed its exterior walls, while a few windows, patched with picturesque bits of brown paper, flapped their skeleton casements to the blast. On the summit appeared an eccentric weather-cock, which, if the wind were north, turned east, and vice versa. In front, «pou a slip of ground as yellow as if it had the jaundice, rose a family of sickly gums, and before them a cadaverous wattle far gone in vegetable misanthropy. Behind was a patch of cabbages, garnished here and there with a row of stinging nettles, and kept in countenance by a sympathising progeny of consumptive sunflowers. The servant to this establishment possessed an equally piteous frontispiece. P or row peeped out in ludicrous solemnity from her eyes, and sat like a ghost across the decayed bridge of her nose, and lent to her voice that peculiar noise which a north wind might be. supposed to make if it could whistle through the lungs of a jackass. This accomplished couple had resided but a month in the place ffhen I was summoned to attend them. Away, therefore, I posted, fmed at all points with pill, draught, .and blister, together with a ' w odd bottles of my " Elixir of Life" neatly packed in my coat-tail pocket. e On entering the old gentleman's apartment I was thunderstruck at the scene which presented itself. Asleep on the hearthrug Wore the skeleton of a deceased fire, lay a dog and cat, the very «mblem of animal hypochondriasm. From the wall opposite hung e portrait of a man dangling from a bed post in his gaiters, on the mantelpiece glittered a brass snuffbox, shaped after the manner of a coffin, while the table was ornamented with a dog's-eared book entitled the " Miseries of Human Life." The owner of these curiosities was himself in equal keeping. His legs, swathed in flannel, were supported on two chairs, his chin was bristled with the hairy accumulation of weeks, and his head blockaded with handkerchiefs, and topped by a red worsted nightcap, resembled a raw beefsteak stuck on top of cauliflower. But his voice, his look, his manner—these indeed, like a pair of breeches, are "inexpressibles." Heliadbeen,he said, aninvalid from youth; had suffered at one and the same time, gout, rheumatism, paralysis, and gravel, which had only quitted him to make way for bile, colic, jaundice, and indigestion. But this world, he continued, was at best a vale of tears, and who, therefore, could be surprised if a man caugbt cold in wading through it. For himself the only disorder he had escaped was hypochondriasm. That, thank God, could never be laid to his charge; an opinion which his servant seconded with a groan. There is but one mode of treating such characters. Physic them to their heart's content, no matter with what, and you are certain in the long run to fit them either for this world or the next. Such was my plan, and when the next day I waited, according to order, I found that my " Elixir of Life," though it had thoroughly cured the gout, had brought on liver complaint. To work, therefore, I went to expel the new disorder, and so successful were my exertions, that before night not the slightest particle remained. The next day, however, a fresh malady appeared, which, after changing as often as a pantomime, settled down to a confirmed pleurisy. This, too, was with'difficulty eradicated, but then came on sciatica, then erisypelas, and lastly spasms, accompanied, by way of variety, with a miscellaneous assortment of headaches. Such continued maladies must in time destroy the strongest constitution, and I am grieved to state that my patient, after ten months' kind attention to my " Elixir of Life," died for waut of a new complaint to keep him alive. {To be concluded next loeek.) 