THE AUSTRALIAN CONTINGENT. ; ? ^ ? Tee ' first Australian army' ha8 gone, and who that saw that striking scene will ever forget its going ? Not only in numbers but in enthusiasm, in wild, whirling joy, or irrestrainable impulse of some sort, no such ' madding crowd' ever possessed, from street to house-top and beyond where beyond was possible, the good city of Sydney before, and probably never will again. There are things in a nation's lifetime, as in a man's, that cannot happen, more than once, and this wonderful war-birth of a new fighting power in the world is certainly one of them. As from Jupiter's brain sprang Minerva full-armed, so from Mr. Dalley's has sprung New South Wales, though whether the parallel with the G-oddess of Wisdom as well as of Arms will hold good beyond the arms may possibly be doubted. But this is not the day for doubts of that disparaging and certainly unpopular kind. ' Brood of the Lion, be nevermore doubted,' sang a recent poet apropos of the thrilling occasion, and certainly as to one general characteristic of that noble beast — abundant courage in roar ing —there could be no sort of doubt of his equally noble ' brood' whatever. Was it the first taste, or rather foretaste, of blood that made the old Lion's cub so jubilant, or was it really something higher — the swift coureing through its young veins of that other ' blood' which is said to be 'thicker than water,' to which his Excellency referred when he hailed the day and its deed as a glorious proof of ' the unity of this mighty and invincible Empire ?' Something, no doubt, of both, for men of most breeds, British Lion or otherwise, are fighting ani mals ; but chiefly, it is to be hoped, of the latter, for it is only as such a proof that the Australian Contingent can perhaps strictly be justified at all. We should be the last to depreciate in any way the brave little bri gade which is probably, in one sense, quite as much Irish as Australian, but it is absurd to speak of it as if it were about to turn the scale of victory in favour of the ' mighty and invincible Empire' to whose aid . it goes so gallantly, or as if be cause it has gone the problem of the federa tion of the Empire is solved. It is a proof, and a very striking one, of the Empire's present; unity but also of something more — of a fast- growing power and capacity and self-confidence in this young Australia her self that in the years to come seems to bode rather her own unity than the Empire's, unless, indeed, in the way of independent alliance. Sufficient, however, for tho day be the good as tho evil thereof, and no one can doubt the instant good, not to this colony only but. to all Australia, from Mr. Dalley's Jove-like feat. If it doe.s not exactly, in the old phrase, 'precipitate a, colony into a nation,' it at least evokes a national spirit, creates under Australia's young ribs a soul of patriotism, not the less true but all the truer, because its first promptings are to range her in the hour of danger by the side of the old country to whom she owes her being; and — perhaps, best of all — gives a&Biiranec; to the nation of a race not de generated, and a growing factor even in the old world's account not to be despised. Why, the virtue to ourselves alone in the last three weeks of unexampled effort and energy, of splendid liberality and noble devo tion, all culminating in the magnificant suc cess of Tuesday, is worth a whole twelve months of the most exemplary plodding in dustry, though the result were to every man aniongat us a bank balance and another surplua in the Treasury. With those who think the whole thing a foolish flash in the patriotic pan there seems to be little sympathy, and least of all with the perturbed spirit who, with his inveterate fondness for ' ghosts,' not content with stalking his own in all its grinning grimness for the occasion, in liis latest melancholy lucubration aniongat the tombs calls to his aid, from its hallowed rest, the poor old Duke of Wellington's. Of all Sir Henry Parkes's contributions to the con troversy, which, by the way, that eminent man but execrable letter-writer has had almost entirely to himself, this last is certainly the silliest and the worst. Sense of humour, of course, he never had ; never could see the point of a joke, except of a certain order, and having found a very stale one entirely to his taste, he hurls it bodily at his nimble adversary with, of course, the one in variable result in such a case of bespattering himself. But leaving him. to his evil flavoured resuscitations and other objectors to make what political capital they may out of the predicted and doubtless, on their part, heartily prayed for ' reaction,' there is one pjoint on which men of all minds as to the mam question must readily agree-=»the heartiest hope for the success and safety of the brave band who, whatever we may think of their mission, are yet our countrymen going certainly to danger, possibly to death, and in any case, who will doubt, assuredly to glory, 