A POPULAR MINISTRY. DR. JOHN HALL writes to the Pulpit Treasury on this topic, as follows : " A minister that pleases everybody may well suspect itself. Look at the doctrines we preach : human depravity, our Lord's Deity, the attonement on the Cross, the personality and work of the Holy Ghost, the need of every man, the moBt amiable and cultivated, of being regenerated ; the Bible the sole rule of faith, self-denial a part of true Christian living, retribution on the impenitent, and all this with a worship conspicuously plain and free from showy and meretricious decoration. Make all this palatable to ' society,'the'world,'everybody ! No; this message tramples on the pride of human intellect; it belittles the boasted culture of the time, and it is, if understood, in direct opposition fo the ' life' which we are being persuaded to import and servilely copy from Paris. " Then what am I to do ?" one may say. Go on ,and preach these truths, only more clearly, firmly, tenderly. "But what if the people leave me?" Yes, some will leave you and go to churches they like better, assigning various reasons for the same. That is their matter. Yours is to preach for the saving of men, not for the keeping of them in the pews. "But cultivated and well-to-do people will quit the church." Let them. It is so much the worse for them. Remember Paul's words, "Not many wise, mighty, noble are called." "But it is a pity they should not be saved." Certainly, but it is by the truth that they are to be saved, and you. are the teacher of truth. " But I may set them against it," Yes, and if your spirit is bad, you will be very guilty in so doing. But if yours iB a right spfrifc, then your ministry will be like Christ's, which irritated and drove off not a few, especially the Ritualists and the intellectual kind. " For judgment I am come into this world, that they which see might not tee, and that they which see might be made blind." Ayer'B Ague Cure is a powerful tonic bitter, composed wholly of vegetable substances. Its action is peculiar, prompt, and powerful, breaking up the chill, curing the fever, and expelling the poison from the system, yet leaving no harmful or unpleasant effect upon the patient. Sufferers from chills and fever who have used quinine as a remedy will appreciate this. £5T DONT DIE IN THE HOUSE.-" Rough on Rata" clears out rats, mice, beetles, roaches, bed-bugs, flies, ants, insects, moles, jack-rabbits, gophers. F. H. Faulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide. 