The .German Schools.— A concert in' aid of the funds of the 'German 'School Perth-street, willbcglvon at tho Town Hall this evening for which a Very attractivoipros graramo has been prepared.- - 1 ' ! 1 EdropeAn News.— Tho names of Sir,X mentioned in connection, with; tho Governor ship of Tasmania.— The Earl of Bosoberry isi advocating tho adoption of , tho . Torrens Act for the transfer of land in Great Britain. '> Exportr of Chaff and Corn.— Tho quantity of > bay, chaff, and corn received nt tno .Toowoomba railway station ; for tho six days ending iloth instant is as follows Hay and Chaff, 655 bales, 80 tons' lcwt.1 quarter ; Corn, 185 bags, 19 tons llcwt 71bs. ' Tiie Enoooera E l eotion.— In our telegraphic columns will be found tbo result of the Enoggera .Election,-, which took place yesterday. As anticipated Mr. Bnlcook bends tbe poll, beating Mr.. Bryco by 802 votes' and Mr ,' Duncan by 421 votes. The claimant's Family.— The 'South' Stonchnm BonrdofGuardiansrccentlydecided to receive from the. Grccnwloa Union tho Claimant's wife, described as Mary . Ann Tichbornc, and her family, without waiting' for tbe expiration of' the statutory' number of days from tho date of notice. Seizure. of Timber.— Mr. D. Donavon,. the , Grown -Lands' Bniliff, made a seizure on; Saturday of four ' Ironbark logs branded " M.A.Z," which are now lying at .the Gowriq Junction railway: station. V Unless the 'logs ore claimed in. tho. meantimo they will be sold in fourteen days on behalf of the Crown. 'Registrar. of, Birtiib anp Deaths,— A notico which' appears in the Government Gazette intimates tuat Sergeant Dnlton Kelly has been appointed' registrnr of ' births ahd: deaths at Lcyburn for the registry district of Darling Downs East in ; tbe room of Con- stable Jnmcs Mnhoncy transferred. ; The Second Floggings.— We < (2W« graph ) understand that tho three men, Car- michael, Tooboy, and Phillips, who. were sen tenced to two fioggingsfor garroting In Eli zabeth-street, and v who ' received.' tboir first dose about a month ago, , aro .to receivo tho fullness of' their scntcnco/ about "d month hence;' - '-. 7:- /. ." .... ; ' The bebent' Fatal Fire' i Brib- bane.— a. magisterial enquiry tr(i£ held At the city police court on Friday into tho'cir- 'cumatances 'attending' the death, , of ,Mrs.- Laughliu and infant, thb'particulnrs of which'1 wo publishcd in our' lost issue.' ' After hear ing tho evidence of several witnesses the enquiry was adjourned- until a futuro date.' , . Proteus.— Ah iliuaion styled " "Pioteua" will -be oxbibltcd this evchfng oh: premises adjoining Messrs. Alexander and..Muriro's drapery establishment in-.1 Ruthventrect.' Various newspapors in roferring' to : ;tho illusion pronounce it as tbc.most marvellous piece of; decoption that Jmmau belrig 'could: conceive,' and that "Proteus" completely eclipses the Ghost, Sphinx, Mctoniphyscocis, and host of illusions that hayo had their day. Eduoatiokal.— In anotbor column Herri Gottlieb Musmann announces that be is pre- parca to give lessons in hrcncta and German at tho 6cliool of-Arts. Herr E, Miismann has arrived at Toowoomba hrmed',with(a batch of testimonials to 'testify! as to his abilities as a . teacher. ' Separate . classes will bo held for ladies and gentlemen,, and they will be opened this week. .Heir Musmann also announces' that bo is prepared to give lessons1 in music and singing. The IVilliambons.— We have received from Mr. Garnet Wolcb a pamphlct giving a brief history of tbo career of Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Williamson, tiio. latter being better known to tho Australian . tbcqtrc-golng public as "Maggie 'Moore." .' The'.autbor after. referring to the early life of Mr, J. O. Williamson gives a description' of -tbo' origin of the well-known piece "Struck Oil," in which the Williamsons Imve.'So frequently appeared boforo tho public. Attempt to . Upset .a Train.— What appears to uavo oeen an attempt to npset a train occurred on'tbo Ipswich line on Friday evening last, when arailway cmployb picked- up n largo piece of stone, which, from its weight, 'contained mineral' wbicli ho bad found between tho rails. From tho ; marks. which could be detected on the stone it was evident that a locomotive had passed .over a Sortion of tbd substance, but luckiljrno acci- cnt had occurred. The matter has: been placed in the hands of the police. : » . Polo.— On Saturday afternoon last tho members of the Polo Club held their usual practice at the raco 'course, .which was a great success Messrs. Strickland, Clarke, Barry, and Wonderley were tbo principal players and each , one seemed a . thorough master of bis horse, and on one or two oc casions the skilful way in which tbey man- ceuvrcd their ponies was a feat worth wit nessing. We believe that it is the intention of the Club to play a scratch match on Sat urday afternoon next, when it is hoped a good muster of players and onlookers will bo present. Complimentary Dinner to Mr. J. Garget.— On Thursday evening last Mr. J. Garget, of the firm of Garget and Co., rail way contractors, was entertained at a dinner by the residents of Mitchell on the occasion of the completion of tho western extension of railway commencing at Maranoa bridge and ending at Dnlvadilla. The dinner was held at the Post Office Hotel, Mitchell, when about forty gentleman sat down. Mr. R. M. Finlay, J.P., occupied the chair. Several toasts having been proposed and honored, tbe principal of which was "Success to our Guest, and to which Mr. Garget suitably responded, tbe proceedings terminated. \- A Hint to the Municipal Council. — 'Without wishing to interfere with tho duties of tho Inspector of Nuisances of Toowoomba Council his attention safoly may be drawn to a serious bole In the Hume-street Bridgo which, if not attended to immediately, mny end in the Council being mulcted in .damages for loss of lifo or limb. Tbe'bole is of just tho slzo to allow a pedestrians foot or a horse's hoof to pass through, and as it is nearly in tbo centra of the bridge it should bo attended to nt once. Javanese Labor.— It appears as if tho Mourilyan Sugar Company had managed to find a substitute for tbo Polynesian labor of which they are to be deprived, as by tho steamer Airllo which recently arrived nt Townsvillo ninety JnvanoBe laborers arrived under engagement to the company. Whether the Javancso will prove moro satisfactory laborers than the Cingalese remains to bo seen, but. they are generally a hard-working and docile' race,1 and considering tbe many thousands of them over-populating their Dative island they will probably bo glad to engage; at a far lower wage' than any white manould live lipon. ' - ' Land Court.— A sitting of tbo Land Court presided over . by Mr. J..R, -Warnsr, Land Commissioner, .was bold nt Toowoomba yesterday for the purpose of granting certifi cates to selectors who bad fulfilcd tho con-! ditidas.of the Land Act, and transacting other, buslnoss which might occur. Ninoteen certlficfttesworo granted subject to tho ballff's report. Evidenco was taken. In tho cases of Mark -Loveday, Patrick M'Keown, and William M'Keown, who had been called npon to show cause why their selections should not bo forfoitcjd, The court then ad journed. , ... Penny Savings Bank.— Tho amount deposited last Bntunlayinthc Penny Savings Bank was £8 16s. 6d., whilst £3 14s. lid. was withdrawn. Tho number of depositors was 101, nnd 5 new accounts wero opened. Tho total amount deposited in the bank for tbe quarter ending October 24 was £91 7s. 6d. Tho number of depositors being 1065' giving an average amount to caob of about la. 8jd. The withdrawals for the same period nmountcdto £32 .10.v 4d„ whilst 79 new accounts were opened. The roturns . for 3'uartcr ending July 25th" were;:— Amount e posited, £63 2s. 4d. ; amount withdrawn, £23 lis. 7d. Number of deposits, 691 ; and new accounts, .40. . Thus tho returns of the present quarter comparo very favourably, with the tost. i Trrbirlb Outrage by Natives.— By 'thooutter Dubina which arrived at. Cook-' town 'on Saturday, in chnrgo of Michael Nicholas, from Tcsto.Island, information has 'been received of the murder of Captain John Frederick Millar,, of the cutter Daisy, by the natives. It appears that the deceased man, in company-, with two others, went 'ashore on one of the Islands in the Engineer 'Group to build a smoke bouse, and had com menced building when Paul, an Italian,' who bad accompanied Captain Millar, called out .to bim "Look out two natives aro coming on you.".- CapUirt Millar, turned round, and received n blow on tho head, from a'tomhawk at tbo. same time, receiving, a sovcro gash acroa the throat with a long -knife. -Paul "then took out his revolver, and killed the native who had tomahawked Millar, and endeavoured to take Millar on board tho Daisy. This was effectcd but just as Millar reached the vessel ho expired. ? : Tiie , Execution of Louis Riel.— By our -Europenn telegrams which enmo to hand on Friday evening last the announcement was made that, the Privy Council having bod under consideration the ease of Louis Riel, -the Canadian rebel, had .rejected the appeal against tho death sentence passed by tho Canadian Government. From an American' exchange we learn that Ricl's . father, who died at St. Boniface, Manitoba, while be was at collcgo in Montreal, was of Scandinavian descent. Ho was a miller. Louis' parents bad oloven children, of whom five were boys and six. girls, Five of them have died. Tbey are Elle, Marie,.Philomme, Charles and Sara, "who was a sister of Charity at Lisle a a Crone, Northwest" Territory. ' Of . thoso living, Louis is tho oldest of the family. 4Aftcr him' come Joseph, who lives at St. Boniface Alexandre, tbe youngest, married, who lives with his' mother; and Ulalie Henrietta, and Octavic, three girls, who are :married,in St. "Vital.. . The weather.— A slight change took Elaco in.the weather yesterday morning, a cavy thunderstorm occuring accompanied by ehoWera of rain which lasted for aoout'two- -boars. Although the quantity of rain which "foll-'wns'trifling in comparison to what iBro-' qiitred by, ibo farming community, it was suffioient'to give the grass a fresh sport and may tend to re-invigorate rome of too crops. . Slight rain also fell at Johdarrna, Gowrio Junction, Drayton, and.Bcauaraba, and there, was every appearance of rain at Allora, ,\Vnr- ; wick, add Stnintharpe. The weather at Bris bane and the other reporting stations appears to'ha've.boen fine throughout tho day. An nnusnally heavy storm of wind accompanied by a nice shower of rain swept over tho town of Allow on Friday, daring which alarge tree in front of tbo iAffom.'.&tmrdian; office was torn up.. Tbo editor of the Otfrm/iaJi faceti- ously 'rcmarks that ho honestly bolives that the whole of tho Guardian office would haro been wafted away by! tbo storm, wore it not that' tho proprietors pad the good sense some years ago. to pat a. heavy mortgago on it. Just' as wo go to press tho thunder again commenced to. roll, and there was every appearance of another downpour of rain. "Once. A Month."— Wo havo rccolved the October number. of f Once a Month," which, from, a literary - point of . view, is quite equril to its predecessors. Mr. H. G. Turner, the manager .. of tbe Commercial Bank in Melbourne, -contributes a very In teresting attiqlo ;on tbe life of the late Morbus Clarke, tbe well- known Australian author and journalist; An nmuBlng talo entitled "Neglecting Number One" is sup plied by Mr; James llingston, and interest ing particnlars- relative to tbe life of Hugh FarguB, the author of "Dark Days," nnd " Called Back," nro given by a writer under tbe nom de plume of '" Aii6trnl.". A very readable article recounting a trip to Mount Gambler/ South Australia, is written by another anonymous writtcr, under tbo title of "'Carpe '. Diem.'' ; ;Thc usual monthly science and art notc3 and review of the latest, works or literature mattes "unco a Month" very ncccptnblo reading. Amongst tbo engravings may be mentioned a well executed portrait of tho late MarcuB Clarko, and 6omo views of lake Ncucliatcl and Gambicr Town, South Australia. A Strange Case. — On Tuesday evening last (says tbe Queensland Times). a womnn, named Verrall, a resident in' the neighbour hood of Rlvcrvlew, who was a passenger by tho late up-train from Brisbane, jumped from ono of the carriages when between Oxlcy and Goodna. Tho 'story, hstwc have beard it, is that she, entered the- train at Milton, and, at Toowong, asked tho gunrd if bo could not find her an apartment where there: was company. . Ho replied that lie could not then do so, but would try at tiie next stopping-place. At Indooroopilly he showed her a carringo In which were four men 1 coming up to nttend tho funeral of L. Davics, who had that day been killed nt Blnckstonc, one of tbcm being a brother of tbe deceased. Sbo said that it would do, and left the carriage Bbo had first ontcrcd, in which thcro was then another femalo passenger, When nbout a milo beyoud Oxlcy, she jumped out, and walked back to Oxlcy, wiicro she re ported the .matter to tho station-master. Tho woman 'said she had acted as she had done because alio thought the men wero going to jntcrfcro with her. Tiie men re ported tbe occurrence on nrrivnl at Goodna, aud denied that the woman was in nny way interfered with, Tbe woman was only slightly hurt about the head by reason of her flight from tho train. Wo understand that the Railway Department are endca- vouring to investigate tbo matter, but at E resent the actual state of the case has not ecu revealctl, i Plain but Truthful - Speaking.— During the discussion in Committee of tho Pacific Island' Labourers Bill, Mr. Lumloy Hill spoke in the following plain but thought ful manner of tho cause of the general dis like, cither to coolies or kanakas, on tho part of the- working classes of Queensland. Ho said : — 11 Tho present troublo was caused by the Premier having had to take high-handed measures to remedy an ovil. In doing so tbo Premier only took tho best means at hi9 hand. The evil, be (Mr. Lumley Ilill), was afraid, was tho result of bad supervision in tho past, or due to tbo deliberate way in whicn the supervision of tho labour traffic was slung by tbe previous Government, But for that there would bnvo been no necessity to bring in tho coolie cry, or for tho attempt to introduco tho coolies, which wns regarded w,th repugnance throughout tho length nnd breadth of the colony. Hon. members were there to lead in the direction the people were willing to go, and not to force down their throats labour which .wob. repugant to there. They would linvo been perfectly contented to accept tbo kanaka as far as the Northern constituencies wero con-' corned— perfectly contented to sco bini working on plantations .on which they wero practically unnble to work . themselves— but it was the nature of the trado which caused the cry of indignation to bo raised against it. If the late Government had carried on a- Sropcr'supervisioh, which they should have one for their own sclf-nrotection, nonc' of tho present troublo would have occurred, and tho scandal which circulated throughout tho land would havo been, prevented, j DEatii of Bishop Fraser.— In our lost issue we announced tho death of tho Right Bov. Dr. James Frasor, D.D., Bishop of Manchester. Ihe deceased gentleman wns. born nt Prcstbury, near Cheltenham, in 1818. Ho was educated, nt Bridgnorth 8ohool, at Shrewsbury School, under Dr. -Butler, and nt Lincoln College/Oxford. Ho obtained the Ireland scholarship In that university in 1839\. and took his BA dogrec the same year, gain ng a flrst- clasi in elnssics. In 1840, ho was olectcd a fellow of Oriel Collego. Ho acted as tutor thoro for five years, and then 'in 1847 accented tho college living of Chol- derton, in Wiltshire, which he exchanged for that of Upton Ncrvct, near Reading, in 1860\. During his "connection with the diocese of Snli6bury, he became chaplain to tlm late .Bishop Hamilton, Chancellor of Salisbury. Cathedral, ono. of its prebendaries, and chaplain' to tho Salisbury.' Diocesan Training School. Mr. Fraser tooklnn.nctivp lnart in oonnection with education' under the Duke of Newcastle's Commission In. 1858- 1860, to which he presented a valuoblo ".Report on Elementary Education in Eng land." Ho was also Assistant Commissioner on' tho Schools Inquiry Commission ap pointed in 1865, to which he reported on tbe educational systems . of the United States and Canada. Mr. Fraser was nominated a member of the Commission appointed in 1867 to enquiro into tbe employment of women and children in agriculture. In January, 1870, he was solected by the thon Prime Minister, Mr. Gladstone, to succeed the late Dr. Prince Lee in the Bishopric of Manchester. He wasaccordingly consecrated March 25, 1870, having: on the 3rd of the previous March, been created D.D. at Oxford by diploma. His lordsbip !b tbe author of " six sermons preached before tho University of Oxford in 1855," Tho revised code of tho Committee of Council on Educa tion its principles, tendencies, and details considered in a letter to the Lord Bishop of Salisbury ; with an appendix, reviewing Sir J. K. Shuttloworth'a letter to Earl Groa- villc," and other works. Ho married January . 15, 1880, Agnes Ellen Frances, eldest daughter of the -late John Shutc Duncan, L.L.D. of Batli. The Convent Sohool Entertainment —A musical and dramatic entertainment by tbo pupils of tho Sisters Mercy in con nection with St. Saviour's Convent, was given in tbe Assembly. Ronms on Friday evening. Tbo large hU wns crowded to excess, and scores of persons had to ' be turned from the doom unable to obtain ad mission. ' When tho curtain rose at eight o'clock, the sccno was a very animated one, tho atngo bciog crowded with from GO to 80 young girls, all, neatly attired in whito and dIuc. " Tell Mo Where tho Fairies Dwell," a ; vocal , chorus, was selected for tho opening, and it was well rendered. The- " Young . Ireland Quadrilles" wero then played by eight youthful performers, and the excellence of, their play reflected credit on their tchehcrs. " Pieriot," a solo, was beautifully sung by Miss F. Corcn, and was. followed by the u Auf Immcr Waltz" which was" well pjayed. by eight pupils. " The Railway Guard," a song, in character! by a little fellow, nbout ten years old,' hroughl down the house. The bouquets he received were nioro than the. littlo mite could carry away' and well' he deserved them, for ho personified the guard most faithfully. The recitation, "Duckertho Drawbridge Keeper'.' was finely rendered by a littlo girl not more than ten yenrs old. Not a sound was beard during tbe recitation, aod hence tbo little one's faultless elocution was heard to advan tage. " Tho Gates of tho West," sung, by Mios Nolan, with chorus by tho children, was excellently rendered and received well morited npplauso. " Market Day," a song in character, wns ono of the gems of the oven- ing. Eighteen little girls marched on to the stage, each with a basket of flowers' and wreaths on their bends, and as tho verse of tho song was rendered, a chorus followed, the littlo ooes. dancing to tho music. Tbo whole sccno was very effective, nnd showed careful training. Miss Mornn sang "Tho Letter in tho Candle" very sweetly, and was 'followed by " The Distant Chimes" a trio, which wns Very charmingly rendered by Miss Sims, 'Miss Hazard, and Miss Corcn. The voices blended mcely» and each sang their part effectively. Part second of the enter tainment was a drama in one act entitled " Mrs. Willis Will," in which those who took characters seemed "to the manner born," nnd did their parts in a way that would have dono no discredit to professionals. The third part - of tho entertainment opened witli " Topsy's Song" which was really cleverly rendered by a mite, who was assisted in her character song by n fair little one represent ing " Eva," As tho little negrcss poured forth her ditty, every word wns heard distinctly, and at tho close she wns loudly and deservedly encored. " The Nngglctons," a song in character followed, nnd then came, " Sbo is fnr from the Land," a trio, by Miss Corcn, Miss Mornn, nnd Miss Nolan. A sailor's Hornpipe was danced by a pupil, and in response to an encore, tnc little one danced tbo Highland Fling in excellent time. The Nntionnl Anthem sung by tho children the whole audience standing, brought the proceedings to a close. The entertainment wns one of the best, of its kind thnt'iias ever been hold in Toowoomba, nnd was certainly tho mott orderly one. The whole of the audience were exceedingly well pleased/and much credit is duo to the Sisters for tbe cnrcful nnd patient training which brought such excellent results. Wise Folly.—" For ten years my wife wns confined to her bed with such a compli- cation of ailments that no doctor could tell what was tbe matter or cure her, and I used up a small fortune in humbug stuff. Six months ago I saw an American flag with American Co.'s Hop Bitters on it, and I thought I would be a fool once more, I tried it, but my folly proved to be wisdom. Two bottles cured her, she is now as well nnd strong as any man's wife, nnd it cost me only two dollars. "—If, W., Detroit, Mich. Read. Can't Preach Good.— No man can do a good job of work, preach a good sermon, try a lawsuit well, doctor a patient, or write a good article when he feels miserable and dull, with sluggish brain nnd unstrung nerves,. and none should make the attempt in such condition when it can be so easily and cheaply removed by a little Hop Bitters, Look for. Tub Warwick Argus and Mr, James Oamtbell M.L.A.— Mr. Jnmcs Campbell lost week in tbo Assembly made sorao very sensible remarks on tbe absurdity of taking the railway from Warwick to St. George, when a cheaper and better routoeould bo taken via Dalby, Ronio, Yuolbn, nnd oven Beau- araba. Tho UrariPiV& Argus of Saturday f, 8PteMly alludes to Mr. Campbell Twenty years ogo thoro wns n Mr. unmpbcll employed on tho North British Australasian Company's Sooth Toolburra estate as bearer of the necessaries of lifo to shepherds and other employts who lived at n distanco from tho head station ; we are told that that indi vidual and the momber for Aubigny arc ono w if Bn.tDC| k"' doubt tho truth of tins." Roll, Mr. Argiu, supposing it is true, has Mr. Campbell anything to bo asbnmcd of7' All tho more honor to him say wo, by his Industry and perseverance ho has risen to oeoupy tbo 'Mayor's cbair, anil to bo . the" eboson mombor in Parliament of a large aad : Influential constituency. Docs it not show tho absence of all argument in favor of the Argus position on tho routo of tho St. Georgo railway, when it has to resort to a doso and contemptible, attack on Sir. Camp bell, to bolster up its cause ? What has Mr. Campbell's former position in lifo whether chimney sweeper or ration carrier, to do with tho St.'Gcorgo Railway? Really tho attack of tii& .Argus is too "utterly utter!" 1 