A Story Without a Name. Chapter III.— (Continued.) He came back a few moments later, chuckling to him self. ' I have to go to the station at once. Pyke, whom we made very drank last night, thought he saw a ghoBt near the Maniac's Cliff — the ghost, probably, of some poor fellow whom he ruined — and rumbled off his horse down some rocks. This I have extracted from the boy. His message is that his master is very ill, and I am to go to him directly. He hates me like ivason ; it must be gall and wormwood to send for me, particularly after last night's UUlUcr, WUOi UIU DBUlb WM WUI£J wit auu AUA. ' wi| -Clifford, I must go now bat I will come in to you on my way back. 1 hope by tbat time you will have persuaded Miss Mary.' ' Thanks, old fellow,' void the other, dejectedlv, and he walked slowly home to break the news to his sister. When Carew returned, a couple of hours later, Clifford was sitting on the verandah with his head in his hands. He started up as he heard the horse's step. 'It is ell settled,' he said ; ' I had less difficulty in persuading her than I thought. I believe she thinks that she will be in & position to patch up matters between my uncle and me. Let her think so if it gives her any comfort. Carew, you must pass Pettigrew's. Would you mind leaving a note there for Mr. Marsden ?' -aOf course not. Give it to me at once. The sooner the whole affair is over the better for everyone.' Ten minutes later, Mr. Manden was reading his nephew's letter, which was thus expressed:— '- Mary is ready and willing to go with yon. If the poor girl bj» any Ulanou aboat inakjng peace betwesn you and me, do not destroy them if they comfort her ; you need be under no misapprehension as to my sharing them. If you had waited a lime longer you would have had the satisfac tion of forcing me to beg from you what you have now offered.' ' ' Foolish boy !' he muttered to himself, and tore the pre cious letter into minute fragments. Then he called to Bea trice : ' My dear child, will you go and see Mary, and tell her we shall drive round to-morrow to take her home. Give her my love, and tell her how much pleasure her decision has given to us all.'' ' And George ?' said Beatrice. ' George has not yet come to his senses. When he does we mav hope 'o see him also.' ' 1 Bay, Marsflen, come' and hear Carew's story of hie interview with Pyke,' said Barry, putting his -head in at the door. ' It's worth listening to.' ' Thanks, Barry ; but I have promised to go and sit with Lord Waterford ; his head is better this afternoon, and he withes to hear something about stations and squatters.' 'Before he is introduced to Pyke. Very right and proper.' And Mr. Barrington returned to the other room, where he had left Carew. ' He is literally groaniog with pain,' said the latter, taking up his story where he had broken it off, 'and try iDg to persuade himself that it comes from the fall. He was as soft as batter to me because be knew that I knew sli about it, and almost grew emotional in his endeavours to get round me. 1 took the opportunity of pitching into him about Clifford, and he assured me that he had quite altered his opinion of that young man. That is, of course, since he discovered Clifford's relations and belongings. He may expect an invitation to dinner soon, and poor Blight's vast talents have quite sunk into obscurity. But Fyke is so overwhelmed at being obliged to put off Waterford's Sabbath visit to morrow that I am really afraid he will take longer to recover than he need otherwise'do. He asked me to persuade the earl to delay his departure for a day or two, feeling con vinced that the eights of Quirribri 6tation would well repay the loss of time. As though Waterford was in Buch a hurry to make money that he counted his minutes.' 11 Nevertheless, he won't stay,' said Barry. ' He has taken a fancy to Marsden, and means to drive home with him to- morrow.' ' It's a pity. He is not likely to have such another opportunity of hearing a man talk Bible and L. S. D. in equal quantities. I feel as though it were sticking to me.' ' I wish it was sticking to me,' said Barry. ' Well, old man, I feel done up, and am going to lie down. How Christmas takes it out of one.1' 'Humph!' said Carew. 'So does a fall from a horse on rough ground, according to Pyke. Well, I am off to Clifford, who must be about as cheerful as a bear on hot plates.'' It was not a very inaccurate description of Clifford's state of feeling, nor did he grow at all more cheerful after he had said good-bys to hk .'?stryj^ 2.'.?' -Sec-ufive off with Beatrice and Barry in a waggonette fitted up for her com fort. He felt as though the last thing which had given him courage to struggle was gone, and a sort of desperateness came over him, which neither the advances of Pyke nor the friendship of Carew couid cure. ' 1 am sick of the world and of everything in it,*' he said to himself, and in this comfortable frame of mind he returned to the delightful routine of multiplying 9 by x y z, and reducing elegant extracts to the nine parts of speech. The two young Pykes \iaA rAtiiwicw) t/i apfinnl and Mr. Rriclir ramn.inpri innhap.nriltr at Snaky Swamp. Further, there was a perceptible soften ing on the part of Miss Adelaide Tighe ; she smiled sweetly at Clifford in church, defended him from the attacks of his companions, and by a curious coincidence, when Clifford went to take his evening walk, Miss Tighe was generally to be found sauntering in the same direction, carrying books, or basket, or what not, of which Clifford felt himself com pelled to relieve her. And still this perverse young man was not satisfied, and his temper grew so irritable that his pupils began to growl. - At last, one very hot day, when all the boys and girls were tired and cross, and Clifford's own head was swimming with weariness, a loud authoritative knock was heard at the door, and Mr. Pyke appeared with his most gracious— that is to say, his least offensive— manner, and con ducting a visitor to whom he was exhibiting the lions of Quirribri. ' I have brought Mr. Brown to see our Public School system, Mr. Clifford. Do not let us interrupt you; we have come rather to listen to you.' ''I am very much flattered, Mr. Pyke; but it is not usual for an? one but an inspector to break in on the school work,1' said Clifford, with a moroseness which was the more remarkable as contrasted with Mr. Pyke's unuEUil urbanity. ' I do not care to teach in the presence of chance visitors. If your friend likes to examine the children him self, he is at perfect liberty to do so.' ' Hum !' said Mr. Pyke. ' I like to see how my children are taught. However, if you don't like to go on with your work before me it's no matter. Come, Brown,' and with a cool nod he departed, -saying to his companion as they got into the buggy, ' Odd iellow Clifford ; queer manner, but well connected ; has a fancy for school teach ing. Can't quite make him out.' Clifford, secretly anathematising Pyke's impertinence, went wearily on with, bis work till the welcome hour came for dismissing the school. His head was more dizzy than ever, and he thought he would put off some private 'pupils and lie down and rest till tea-time. But a visitor was wait ing for Mm in his little iBitting-room— a stout, red-faced, important man, carrying in his hand a strong riding-stick, and looking the very impersonation of vulgar aggressive prosperity. ' Now, look here, Mr. Clifford,' he began, as the other, with a slight look of surprise, bade him good evening. ' I wants to know what's the meaning of all this nonsense between you and roy daughter Adelaide. I'm a plain man, and I comes straight to tbe pint. Neighbours is beginning to talk, aud my daughter ain't to be talked of by no one, so I've just come round to know what's your intentions ?' ' My intentions '.' repeated the astonished Clifford. 'What on earth do you mean, man ? There is nothing in the world between your daughter and me. I have occa sionally met Miss Tighe and carried a parcel for her. It is not usual to call a man to account for a common act of courtesy.' 'Common act of courtesy be blowed !'' was the answer. ' You don't come round me in that fashion. You've been a foolin' after my gal, and I've come to know when you're a goin1 to marry ner,' ' I don't dream of aspiring to the honour of Miss Tighe's hand,' said Clifford, coolly. ' Yon are perfectly mistaken in supposing that there has been any such idea entertained by either of us. If your neighbours are chattering fools, I am sorry for it, but I don't feel responsible, though I am fiorry if your daughter has been in any way annoyed.' ' You don't feel responsible, don't your' roared the farmer, bringing his i-tick with a bang down on the table. Now, look here, Mister Clifford. You'll either name the day, short and sharp, or I'll take it out of you in a way you won't like,' and be flourished tbe stick in air in a manner which left no doubt as to bis intentions. George's eyes flashed; he made one step forward, wrenched the stick from Tighe's grasp, and sent it whizzing through the window. Then he seized the farmer himself by the coat collar, and dragged him by sheer force to the door, through which he Bent him reeling into the road. 'If you dare stt foot in my house again, you insolent scoundrel, I will give you in charge to the police,' said he, by way of parting benedic tion, and went inside, closing the door behind him. Mr. Tighe had fallen on some soft mnd, so that his out ward man received no severe bruises or concussions, but his moral nature had received a wound from which it never completely recovered. He had been treated with contumely and violence by a poor sickly schoolmaster, and he had not dared to retaliate. Nay, won e, he had come to bully, and had been kicked out of the house. He went home in a furious passion, vowing that he would oust Clifford from Quirribri before he was much older, and astonished Miss Adelaide by boxing her ears and sending her to her room With bread and water for tea. Clifford himself was eo much upset by (he encounter that he thought a stroll in the air would calm and revive him : eo he put on his hat and wandered mechanically along the road which led past the Maniac's Cliff to Quirribri sta tion. On one side of tbe road towards the cliff was the beginning of a thick scrub which stretched for miles towards the north and west, and into this scrub Clifford wandered without notion? particularly where he was going. He grew tired pt Ust, and found an inviting cave, in wbioh he lay down to meditate. ' Well,' he said to himself, ' I suppose I have stirred up Pyke's ill-will again now; and Tighe, of course, is my sworn enemy henceforth. Who is it that is described as having his hand against every man and every man's hand against him ? I seem to be rapidly drifting into that situation. However, it does not matter much now, and I have the consolation of feeling that 1 have beeu rude to Pvkeand have kicked Tighe.' A*nd he smiled grimly to himself, and pulled a letter of Mary'B out of his pocket to read again. Even the letter gave him a little fresh pain ; it was kind and affectionate, but it seemed to Clifford that Mary was not quite so sure now as she used to be that his conduet in the quarrel with his uncle had been quite above reproach. She seemed to have gone over to the enemy's camp in heart as well as body, and she enclosed him a little note from Beatrice which hurt him very much indeed : — ' Dear George, — We' are very happy indeed, now that Mary is come back to us and is 'growing strong again, and we hope you are equally bappy in your dignified solitude. I hear that you are going to be married and Fettle down in Quirribri for good and ail. Teaching must be a delightful occupation, but I should think it requires great patience and sett-control. Mary is still weak, and frets if she does not bear from you, although I laugh at her ; eo you had better write regularly. I am just going to a dance with Uncle George at Qnadlington, and there is no time for more. Ever yours, ' Beatrice Gordon.' This heartless epistle made Clifford feel eo tragical that he was obliged to put it back into his coat-pocket and then he pulled his hat over his eyes and began to whistle. At length it. occurred to him that it was growing dark, and that it was time to think uf returning. He followed a path which he thought was tbe one by which he had come, and walked on for some time without coming in sight of the cliff which was his landmark. It was too dark to distin guish anything till the moon rose, so he pushed on through tangled undergrowth, trusting to good luck or his own instinct. But when the moon did rise, he found himself in a perfectly unknown country, intersected by deep gullies and quite shut in with sissafras and turpentine trees. There was no eign of a cliff, or path, or any kind of guide ; there was no doubt that he was lost in the bush, and with no prospect of getting borue that night. The prospect, thoutrh not alarming, was certainly unpleasant ; notwith standing tbe moon the sky was suspiciously cloudy ; and Clifford, finding himself growing very faint, remembered that he had taken nothing all day but a little tea and toast. ' I had better look Tor some place where I can camp for the night,' he said to himself, and, looking into one of the gullies before him, he thought he saw in the distance a group of.rocks and something like a hollow cave. He began to make his way along the watercourse, when suddenly bis foot slipped on a great mossy rock. , He felt himself falling and tritd to clutch at a tree, a stone, anything, to save him self; be caught something, but it gave way with a jerk, ond he fell heavily tra to yje jockfi belojs,, J^a Igjt .arm doubled under him, anl'ais right holding a broken branch. Afid there he lay, silent and unconscious, through the eight, tbe rain falling heavily on his face and soaking him through and through. When, after many days, ho regained consciousness, he was in a strange room, and by tbe bed sat Mr. Marsden and Mary talking together in a low voice. ' Thank God !' said Mr. Marsden, as he met the gleam of recognition in George's eyes, and Mary would have sobbed aloud had she not been afraid of disturbing George. ?? Uncle George,' he mur mured feebly, and then fell into a sleep from which he did not wake for some hours. At length he was strong enough to hear how his friend Carew had missed him and telegraphed to his uncle; how some woodcutters had found hip h ing insensible, with a broken arm, and had brought him in to Pettigrew's Hotel ; how Mr. Mardden and Mary had hurried down in time to nuree, and how they had to Fend telegrams every day to Beatrice Gordon, to set her mind at rest. But long before he heard all this, George had taken his uncle's hand in his own. poor weak wasted one, and, with a very unusual brightness in his eyes, murmured something in his ear, of which Mary only caught the word ''forgive,' and Mr. Marsden answered heartily, ' My dear boy, we were both hasty and unjust, and wo must forgive and forget on both sides.' It is perhaps needless to say that Clifford d-d not resume the mastership of the Quirribri Public school ; but about three years later a young barrister of rising reputation accompanied the Judge in his circuit and in due time arrived in Quirribri. He went at once to a pretty little house, standing in its own garden and just outside the town, aad asked for Mrs. Carew. Before the servant could answer a blooming young woman, with a matronly air which was quite charming, came running to meet him and embraced him rapturously. ' Dear George ! I am so glad, and so will Jack be ; and how are Beatrice and my nephew, and Uncle George ?' '?All flourishing, Mary, thank you; and Uncle George and Beatrice vow that unless you pay them a visit they will throw all discretion to the winds and come and storm you in your own house. And ho* is all Quirribri going on I' ' Much the same as usual. Mr. Pyke has lost -so much money in a lawsuit that be has become quite meek, and Adelaide Tighe has married your successor, Mr. Bright ; and all our old friends are well and prosperous, and— and — let me see, I don't remember anything eke at present ; but here is Jack ; let us go and meet him.' 