Tite annpimcement'4'lmt Jlr. Service mid Mr. Berry tcero to represent Victoria in tlio first Bciloral Couneil was greeted with general acquiescence when it was intidc. It was feit that the two leading members of tho Ministry wero tho proper persons to take action that might bind tlig com munity; and thero was a good deal of satisfaction at tlio thought that those who had -been tho pionoersof federation should assist in inanguraiing its cercinouial be ginnings. At present the certainty that neither Sir. Service nor Sfr. Berry intends to moot Parliament again '' completely changes tlio Bitiinliou. It will ho remem bered that when tho -Federal Bill was in committee thoro was an animated discussion ou the question whether the duty of representing Victoria ought not to be confined to Ministers of tho Crown. Mr. Graves, who repre sented tho cxtiemo Parliamentarian view, wanted to provide, hot only that both repre sentatives should he Ministers, but that both shouldbc members of Parliament. Mr. Pearson and Mr. Ninimo, who admitted that tho Government under any circum stances must bo bound by the acts of its representatives, pointed out that it might not always bo possiblo to detach Ministers for service, and Sir. Kerferd at last struck a middle course with tho assent of tho whole House by a clause providing "that whenever practicable such "representatives shall bo responsible " Ministers of the Crown." Mr. Kerferd remarked, in huiguago whiflh now has a curious significance, that "tho only oh-. " jeetion lo strictly confining the repre sentation -in- the Federal Council to " Ministers of the Crown was that there " might bo a change of Government " while tho Council was iu session." Of course, two months -ago (27th October), Mr. Kerferd could not anticipate that his own Cukinct would bo in the tluoea of I change even before tho Federal Council had time to meet, and tho possibility that his colleagues would thrust tlio stainless judicial crmino upon him — to their .own discomfiture — may not have occurred to him or to any of the Cabinet. However, foreseen or un foreseen, that event has como off, and tlio result is that Mr. Service and Mr. Bcivy havo ceased to bo Miuisters in any proper sense, though they are, no doubt, important State officers, and charged with duties of administration for some weeks to come. Tho one point insisted on iu tho debates, and admitted by Ministers to be essential, was that the colony should he represented by i-csponsiblo persons — by those who could givo an account of their votes to Parliament, explain their reasons and bo censnrod if they deserved censure. Tho ono thing certain about Mr. Seivico and Mr. Berry is that they never intend to meet Parliament again. Mr. Scrvico withdraws into private life, and, it is said, will leavo Victoria. Mr. Berry will retain his connection with tlio State, but in quite miothor capacity, and in ono that would make it unpleasant to discuss his . utterances or votes ut the Federal Council. Tho consequence, of courso, is two-fold. Jn the lirst place, these gentlomen, if they go to Hobart, will go feeling tlieiuEelves to bo irresponsible ; that is, in precisely tlio frarud of mind which Parliament thought undesirable for representatives. In tho next place, they will carry no woigiit with them, such as delegates from tho olio largo colony that has agreed to federate ought to carry. F.veryone iu tho Council will know that they represent only the outer shell of a Ministry, that tlic Coalition is a tiling of the past, and that the next Ministry, bo it Liberal or Conservative, is aslikoly as not to differ from tlio views Mr. Service and Mr. Berry hare entertained. Natu rally, as tlio population of Victoria is to that of all tho other members of .the Federation as live to two, tho j-cprcsentativcs of Victoria onglit to speak with exceptional weight. J)ocs anyone dream they can do so when they aro known to be incro birds of passage ; anti- will not the Congress itself be permeated with a certain air of unreality when those who should bo its two foremost rnon aro politicnl ghosts? It in difficult, to say what can be done now ; but it seems certain, at least, that Mr. Service and Mr. Berry have no right to go to Hobart, or, going there, ore bound to stay on at their posts and faco. tho in coming Parliament. As tlio latter sup position is not seriously tenable, the alter native scorns to bo that some other mem bers of tlio Ministry should go in their place — lot us say Mr. Gillies anil Mr. Dcakin— or in default of tkcsb that leading men outsido tho Cabinet-, such as Mr. Justice Iliginbotham, Mr. Wrixon, or Mr. Lalor,; should bo commissioned for tho occasion. Tho practical difference, if any men are! scut cxcopt those who aro resigning all iminodiato' connection with the colony anil with colonial politics, will be seen at a glanco to be enormous. ' If Mr. Gillies and a . colleague .go they will be present in tlic next Parliament to answer for their doings; and. if they depute tho duty, there will bo tho moil sent '.and the Cabinet who sent them to reply for what has been done. It must be borne in mind that when the two heads of a Ministry nominate themselves their col leagues can hardly be said to have any responsibility in' tho 'matter.. For ' tlio rest of .the Cabinet to depose Mr. Scrvico and Dir. Berry in such a matter as this would be sheer mutiny. - Whatever way the question is 'settled, there will be a feeling that the first Federal Council meets under unfortunate auspices; and that n business Which hos been lamentably mismanaged in all its steps is going from bad to worao.- ' Wo wero among .those . who deprecated from the -first the great importance assigned, te Ministers'in tho framc-work'of tho Con stitution. Tlio Premiers of the different colonies thought fit to commission them selves as delegates to Sydney without obtaining powers from their rcspcctivo Parliaments. The first result was that the Sydney Parliament could scarcely bo induced to' regard the proceedings of tho Conference as authoritative in any way. Tho second result is that simply because there is a chango of MiuiEtry iu Victoria the wkolo proceedings of thn Council aro likely to Ipso a groat deal 'of thu im portance (hat properly belongs to them. It would certainly have been better to follow tbo Canadian model, and to constitute thu Federal Council from tho first in such a -way as to liiakc it . independent of local politics. If Vic- toria had had its proper representation — giving it a majority of votes ou tho Council as at present constituted— it would havo been qui to unnecessary to protect our interests hy sending Ministers of tlic Crown ; and tho curious question ot when- a Minister is 110 longer a Minister could never havo been raised. Our. issuo of Saturday contained an account of congratulations ' exchanged between her Majesty tho Queen, the Governor-General of- Canada and Mr. Sandfoid'Fleming, late Enginocr-in-Chicf of the ilominion Government, oh the arri val, lastmontii, of the first through train on tlio Canadian Pacific Bailway from Mon treal to Burrard's Inlet in British Columbia. It is difficult to realise the magnitude of tho political and commercial issues in volved in the practical completion of an iron road'extonding without interruption through British territory from tho Allan- tic to tho Pacific. To discover a north west passage by sea from ocean to ocean has been the wish, tho hope, and tho endeavor of England's most heroic mari time explorers during the past century, and the repeated fruitless attempts that havo been made to achieve that object have cost nearly a couple of millions sterl ing and tlio Bucritieo of precious lives. The brave Franklin and his crews fell victims to the rigors of an Arctic winter, and Boss, Belcher, M'Cluro and M'Lintock rati hairbreadth escapes of a similar fate iu seeking to carry ont tho same mission. In passing through the icy portals of tho Arctic Sea a few years sinco Xordenskjold, tho most successful of nil Arctic explorers, may bo suid, so far as mercantile interests aro concerned, to havo closed the gates behind him ; for in any case a north-west sea route in that respect is impracticable.. Jt wan in prosecuting his seareii for a passage westward to Iudia that Columbus and his companions dis covered America, and it was while explor ing a maritime route westward to China that John Cabut, in the l-cign of Henry VII., discovered tho const of .Newfound; land and entered the St. I,awrence. Now tlio 'charmed goal which generations of daring European seamen vainly dreamt of reaching by sea has been achieved by land. A path has been cut from the Atlantic to the, Pacific, all tlic way through British soil. For length thero is no lino to com pare with it within the vast range of tho Queen's dominions, tho distance traversed from coast to coast boiug 3053 miles. Tho rapidity of its construction is not exceeded by any of the numerous railway marvels in the United States. Although tlio charter granted to the company which has executed the undertaking dates early in .1881, many months elapsed before the works could be pushed with vigor. Financial as well as engineering difficulties of a formidable character intervened. 'Yet the first train has crossed tho continent at an average rate of 24 miles an hour, and it is confi dently anticipated that when tho lino is in full working order the Gulf of Georgia on tlio Pacific side will ho reached from Liverpool in 14 days— a feat that less than a dozen years ago would, if predicted, havo boon re legated to tho same category with the wildvisions of Jules Verne. Tho enorino.us stretch of country through which tlio line passes is pre-eminently favoured by nature for giving effect to tho great enterprise. In the United States tlio chief rivers run north and south, but iii the Dominion their course, in common with that of the chain' of inlaud lakes, is east- and west.- Even the climato it not so inhospitable alongthe route as thu old cmploye'i of tho Hudson's Bay Company wero accustomed, from in-, forested motives, to assert. The iso thermal line rises as the journey advances towards tlio Becky Mountains, and when tho Pacific is reaohe'd the Climate of New York at 40 dogrces north latitude in tho Atlantic, is equalled 011 Simpson's River at 55 degrees north latitudo in the Pacific. Tho region between Imbo Superior and Fort Garry comprises large and compact tracts of- great fertility, varying from 20, 000 to 200, 000 acres. Tho prosp erous city of Winnipeg, withitspopulation of 40, 000, attests the capabilities of the land in Mani toba for cereals. ' For 400 milcH up tho As-" siniboine to its junction with Moose River thero is nothing to be seen but prairie covered with Jong red grass, and tho yield of wheat in tho Valley of tlio ' Sas katchewan is estimated at 35 to 40 bushels tfjj with 64 to 67 lb. to tho im- perial i/busbel. Wo fear, however, that tlio section of the line, 650 : miles in length, from Callendcr to Port Arthur, on which as inany as 10,000 laborors have been engaged, .will never lie remunerative from local traffic. It is at best a labyrinth of dcnso forest, winding lakelets and quaking bog, its chief redoeming features being that it possesses yaludblo timber resources and is indisponsable for access to the rich open country beyond. But a -vast coal formation has been traced from the 49th degreo of latitude, running far beyond" tho 60th parallel with tho Rocky Mountains. Moreover, as rich gold diggings have attracted throngs, of. miners to Pike's Peak and elsewhere on the cast side, of that mountain chain in American' territory, there is little doubt, now tliat railway communication with'Cunnila has been establishpd. that numbers will bo in duced to mine on tho Saskatchewan. To British tourists tho now routo cannot fail to become a great attraction, and next snmtner Messrs. 'Cook imd Eon may be' expected to advertise "personally con- " ducted' tours" to'. tho' Pacific from 1 England nnd back in fonr or live "> weeks, oil tho wiry through Biitish territory by Nepigon, Kipking Horao Pass and Eraser , River.,..;'; !' " Important though ! tho topographical considerations we havo mentioned aro,; as ultimately assuring. : tho . setUcmont of tho greater portion of tho " region through which: the line posses, they' are immeasurably outweighed by the political and economic advantages to be derived by K 11 gland from tlio tranB-Canadiati -liae. Who knows what diplomatic' cbmpKcatioBs may arise between the, British andrmttfa. European Governments ; beforo ' , the Eastern question is finally settled ?.. Jg ft not quite within! the - limits tf.pouimL that' some unforeseen .cdhlrtkmps ;, , occur to block tho'-passago-' of Engiiff j steamers through tho Suez canal? Tlio hew line, happily, provides an siltcraafivo siriftj route to tho East and Australiain case of ' snch an Untoward contmgcncy. Tt ij j estimated that the route from Sonthomp. ton to Hong Kong wu Halifax , lad steamer from Victoria, British - Columbia, j would not consume more than, thirty-six days and thut by the same route through Canada, connecting with a lino of steamers from \ jctona, B;C., te Australia, Sydney ! could bo reached from Great Britain in forty-soven. days. . When tho. trade 0! India with Europe wm attracted by tho I email Gulf, tho Euphrates .and the Syrian Resort, " Tadmor in the wilder- ness burst into splendor liko a huge tropical blossom as tho result, ani'j for a while dared to crore sworcUf with a Roman. Emperor. When, subt soquently, Eastern commerce" was di- vcrtcd from, tho Persian to the Arabian ! Gulf, Palmyra, Babylon, Tyro and Bus- 1 sorah withered away, and ' Ale-ran, Inn be. ! came ronowncdasthodistributing point for Oriental merchandise across tho Mcditer. rancan and throughout Europe. Tho dig. ! coyery of a way to India by tho Capeol Good IIopo produced a radical chango in tho balance of political power in Europe. Tho golden tide of Eastern trade now | swept iu succession tho shores of Portugal Hofiand and Great Britain. The new facilities created for tho transit of com modities through Canada must eventually load to the development of great cities in tho interior, and on tho Pacific feoaat. of the Dominion, tho very location of which is not as yet dreamt of. British enterprise cannot alaim tho honor of having been first to bridgo tlio North American Con. tiuont hy an iron pathway. Already the Union and Central, tho" Southern and Northern Pacific roads aro in active .operation on United States boU. The glory of tho Canadian Pacific lino to; a British subject is that ho will soon ho able 10 pass 10 1110 yuecn's possessions in the Eastern and Southern Hemispheres froia tho UnitedKingdom by a greatly shortened oceau voyage, without bemgjit tho mcrcj of a foreign power, or requiring a permit te pass through a rood of foreign tcrritoiy. It is not pleasant to recall tho circuin. stances under which tho lino originated It was born of political corruption and cradled in' jobbery. It is almost equally unsatisfactory to contemplate tho enor. incus amount of capital sunk in an under, taking ns gigantic us for many years -it is destined to bo commercially unremnncn- live. J.I10 United States roads paa through largo populations, and, in each case, havo important termini in extensive mcrcnntilo relations with each other. The new line runs for a couple of thousand miles through prairies, largo portions of which aro exceedingly productive tut comparatively unhmbited. Tho Canadian cities on the Atlantic sido aro largo aud prosperous, but they have no commcrco with Victoria, Westminster and Nanaiino, on tho i'aeitic, and the aggregate and scattered wliito population of British Columbia all told does not exoecd35,000. This total will steadily increase by the settlement of Canadians from tho eastern provinces. But those whoso convenience is mainly promoted- -by tho railway are dwellers like ourselves arid our Indian fellow subjects on tlic outskirts of the Empire. Beforo many years .are over lino of steamers will bo established in con nection with tho railway between Victoria in British Columbia and Victoria in Aus tralia, and it will in tinlo bo oven more fnsliionablo to travel between England and Au8tr<dia through Canada than it now is to cross tho United States. 