ANNABEL'S KTVAL. BY DORA RUSSELL. Authoress of 'Footprints in the Snow,' 'The Vicars Governess,' 'Croesus' Widow,3' 'Beneath the Wave,' &c;, &c; Published by special arrangement with the authoress. AH rights reserved.! CHArxEE 3£LVI.— The End of a Picxic. {Continued.) It was dusk when they reached the other side of the river, and there was a good deal of crowding and confusion. Colonel Fraser's horse was exceedingly restive, and plunged and kicked as it was being led across the gang way to the landing; but the colonel's strong hand was at its head, and his will overpowered the frightened horse. Then the foot-passengers WCTii: flravifia anri £li«?n sftvpral heaw carts. Last of all came the drag, and as it was crossing the fastenings of the gangway which secured it to the landing either broke or became accidentally loosened; and though the horses and the front wheels of the carriage were already across it when this happened, the hinder wheels were not, and thus sank between the parted gangway and the landing, dragging the carriage back with the weight as they fell A horrible moment ensued — a horrible mo ment, when, the horses made a frantic effort to retain their footing on the landing; one of them tearing off its fore shoe in the vain at tempt, while the carriage hung midway. The next instant, with a despairing cry, a last con vulsive scream for help from the fated victims, . the carriage plunged backwards, and a moment later sank beneath the dark deep river below. There was a shriek from the bystanders as it Fell— a scream of horror ; and Colonel Fraser, -who was in the very act of mounting his horse a few yards further on, turned round when he heard it and instantly ran to the edge of the river. He saw the drag falling, saw the vain struggle, heard the bubbling gurglings as the -water closed over it, and he saw also one female form either leap out or become accidentally separated from the drag as it sank. He was a brave man, and though his lips blanched at the terrible sight, his resolute eye marked- the spot in the dim light where that form disappeared ; and a moment later, with out pausing even to throw off his overcoat, he plunged boldly into the river. With determined courage he swam on, and as he did so a pair of hands rose above the water — a pair of struggling, frantic arms. With a vigorous stroke he sprang forward, with a vigorous grasp he seized one of them just as they were again disappearing, and the next moment Annabel, gasping, choking, drowning, was clinging wildly to his neck. ' Dont be frightened, child — don't cling so 'tight or yon will weigh me down,' he said afinostly calmly. 'Put your hand on my shoulder — you are safe — do not be afraid.' But the poor girl, blinded and terror-stricken, would hear no reason. She clung frantically to Colonel Fraser's breast, and it was all he could do to support her in the water. But he was a brave man, as I said before; brave, strong, and resolute ; and he looked round steadily no w to see the nearest and best means of rescue. He felt that, weighed down as he was by his clothes and the way that she was struggling and clinging to him, it would be impos sible for him to swim more than a few yards. But not more than a few yards distant a foreign ship was lying- at anchor, and Colonel Fraser called aloud to attract the attention of the men on board. A dozen voices, too, called at the same moment from the shore, and the sailors heard, and at pnce threw a rope over the ship's side and quickly prepared also.to launch one of the boats. * - Colonel Fraser reckoned his strength and reckoned his burden, and with a terrible effort, and at the imminent risk of his own life, con trived to reach the rope. As he did so the sailors cheered and threw over a rope ladder as -well, on which the colonel succeeded with difficulty in obtaining a footing. By this time Annabel was insensible in his arms. Something had struck her forehead either when she was in the water or when she fell from the drag, and Colonel Fraser, now -looking round at her, perceived that she had fainted. For a moment he paused to breathe, for he was well nigh exhausted with the struggle he had gone through. The next he slowly and steadily essayed to ascend the ladder, holding Annabel to his breast and protecting her as best lie could from injury as he did so. _ The sailors eagerly scrambled over the ship's side to assist him, and a minute or two later Annabel was laid on a rough pilot coat on the deck, Golonel Fraser kneeling beside her and supporting her head. There was a wound on her forehead from ?which the blood was flowing, and as he bent over her he borrowed a rough blue handker chief from one of the men, as his own dories were completely saturated with water, and gently dried her face and smoothed back her hair, and tried to stop the bleeding. 'Send for a doctor,' he said, looking round, Irat almost as he' spoke a doctor was ascending the ship's side. Captain Layton had seen the dreadful acci dent and Colonel Fraser's gallant rescue of Annabel, and had run down to the nearest place by the river side where he could get a boat, so as to reach the ship, and in doing so Lad met the doctor of one of Her Majesty's training ships that was then lying in the river. In a few words he made him understand, and Captain Layton hailed a boat, and, accom panied by the doctor, at once proceeded to the ship where Annabel lay. I The doctor, who was a gentlemanly kind- 1 hearted man, went immediately to her side ' when they got on deck, and kneeling down beside her felt her pulse and laid his hand on her heart. I 'Is she very much hurt?' asked Colonel Fraser in a low voice. j ' She will come round,' answered the doctor reassuringly, and he proceeded at once to bind -up the wound on her white brow. i 'And the others?' said Colonel Fraser, al inost in a whisper, looking at Captain Layton. Captain Layton turned away his head for a moment, much agitated, and then he laid his hand kindly on Colonel Fraser's shoulder, who -was still kneeling beside Annabel. { ' My dear fellow ? ' he said, and then he j broke down. 'They are all gone,' he went ' on the next moment ; 'you have saved. Miss ; Lee's life by a miracle — nothing could save the ! others ; they sank with the drag.' Colonel Fiazer's bronzed skin grew quite pale as Captain Layton said this, and he rose to his feet and went to tlie ship's side, and stood looking at the fatal spot. Over it the dark grey water rippled placidly, but excited men and women stood on the river side, and the ferry from -which the dreadful accident had occurred was already half filled ?with an eager inquring crowd, -while the broken fastenings of the gangway were being examined and commented on. ' They are going to drag the river at once,' said Captain Layton, who had followed the colonel to the ship's side. It's a terrible thing Fraser — God help you and comfort you.7' Colonel Fraser made no answer to his friend. He stood looking- sternly and silently at the water— sternly and silently at the spot ?where hit unloved wife had gone to her sudden tragic fate. ' See that everything is done, Layton, 'he said at last, turning away.. ' And will you go on shore and order a carriage for me to take Miss Lee home in ?' 'Allow me to take her to my wife's rooms,' said the doctor, rising and coining forward. 'To express sympathy with you, Golonel leaser, under this dreadful calamity would I inow be vain; but if there is anything that either she or I can do for you I need mot say how gladly we shall do it ; and you need feel no alarm about this young ladv now.' J s 3 'She will he better at home. I think.' answered Colonel Frasercaunly ; 'betteraway from all painful reminiscences here. Will you go now, Layton, and order the carriage to be waiting for us as soon as we can get her on shore.' They will have one at the inn, I suppose; and Captain Layton -went, wonder ing as he did so at Colonel Fraser's steadv composure. * J Chaptee XLVDL- Awakening. In a little while Annabel's consciousn'es. re turned, and she opened her eyes and put her hand feebly up to her wounded brow. 'Are jrou better now, Annabel?' asked Colonel Fraser, who was standing watching her, and he bent down and took her hand ashe jspoke. 'I can answer that for the young lady,' said the doctor ; ' she is much better, and after a night's rest, I hope, will feel no effects from her accident. 'You—you — saved me, then, Martin?' said Annabel, as if she were trying to recollect 'Where am IT Where are Sarah and Merest?' 'They are £11 right,' said Colonel Fraser hurridly ; and the doctor looked at him and gave an approving nod. 'We mustn't have her excited,' he said ' We must get you home, young lady, and get yon to bed, and tiien I will give you something to make yon sleep.' 'Thank you* answered Annabel wearily and she closed her eyes again. 'Ill carry yon down to aboat,' saidColonel Fraser very gently, 'and then we will get a carriage. I told Layton to get one.' 'Has Sarah gone home?' said Annabel, as if she conld not understand. ' Yes,' answered the colonel -with quiver ing lips. 'And she did not wait J' went on poor Annabel. 'No,' said Colonel Fraser in a voice of sharp pain; but the How that Annabel had received on her forehead still stupefied her and she never noticed either Ms voice or scanner. ' ' ? ? ? ? 'Come, let me'belp ycu tip,' said the doctor, and he put his arm round Annabel, and in a short time, with the assistance of the sailors, she was conveyed to a boat, and then safely landed. As she appeared, supported by the doctor and Colonel Traser, a sympathising crowd from the adjacent streets of the seafaring town through which the river Line runs ran forward to receive her, but the colonel sternly held up his hand to silence them. ' Lean on me and shut your eyes, Annabel,' he whispered. 'Do not speak to her,' he said to the most forward of the people around, 'she has to be kept perfectly quiet.' At this moment Mrs. Layton pushed her ?way among the crowd and ran up to the group. 'Oh! Colonel !' she cried, 'Oh! Anna bel ! ? ' 'Hush,' said Colonel Fraser, grasping her arm so harshly that the little woman gave a sharp scream of pain, lido not say a word. Here you are, Layton — where is the carriage ?' For Captain Layton just then appeared, and a few steps further off the carriage was standing that he had succeeded in hiring. 'You will come with us, doctor?' said Colonel Fraser as they seared it, and the doctor nodded. When they reached it, how ever, it was found to be a very small aud inconvenient one, and the doctor therefore proposed that he should sit outside by the driver. ' She is more accustomed to you,' lie wliis pered in the colonel's ear, 'and the great thing is not to agitate her. Keep her head on your shoulder, and say as little to her as you can. If the forehead bleeds again call me. And now, my man, let us be off,' he went on, addressing the driver the moment that Colonel Fraser and Annabel were in the carriage ; for the people were pressing round on all sides, and lie dreaded that any chance word might reach Annabel's ears. Luckily, however, her senses were too much dulled by the blow on her head to allow her to comprehend anything. It seemed all like a dream to her — indistinct and shadowy — and when Colonel Fraser drew her head down on his shoulder she made no resistance. 'Lay it there, my poor child,' he said, 'and try to sleep. Poor Annabel — poor little one,' he thought as they drove along in the gathering darkness. He had saved her, he told himself ; she was his now; but his heart was very hot and sore within him. It had been so dreadful, so sudden. He recalled Sarah's words that morning, her looks— and now, and now. 'Oh, God !' he muttered aloud, forgetting for a moment the half stupefied girl that lay on his arm. 'What is it — are you ill, Martin?' she asked presently. ' No, child, no — rest, and do not think,' he answered. But the stern voice within re buked him still. How did you treat the dead woman? Are you glad that she is gone? '~No, no,' he answered to that, 'a thousand times no !' Perhaps he was not. Who can tell ? He was free now— free from a bondage that had been hateful to him — but he did not, could not, rejoice over what had been paid for by so dreadful a price. He left Annabel in the doctor's care as soon as they reached their house at Scarley, and then returned to the river-side in the carriage that they had come in. It was dark now, and they were holding lights over the water, and there were police men about and a great crowd, and shouting and confusion on every side. They were dragging the river, but as yet none of the poor victims of the fatal accident had been recovered. Captain Layton was there, and one or two other officers from the neighbor ing garrison at Linemouth, and a naval officer or two; and when Colonel Fraser appeared they came towards him, and the curious crowd pressed around. 'It's the colonel,' lie heard some one say; 'it's his wife that's lost. Poor soul!' and so on. He stood for a few moments looking at the scene, and listening vaguely to the com miserating words of the naval and military JEen around him ; and then he said hoarsely, grasping Captain Layton's arm, 'Layton, I can't stand it. Take me to an inn, or some place, and I will wait there.' Captain Layton put his arm through Colonel Fraser's as he said this, and led him to a small inn not very far from the river side. ] The landlady showed them into a little private room reeking with tobacco, and then asked them what they would take. 'Bring me some brandy,' said Colonel Fraser ; and when the woman returned with it and lit the gas, Captain Layton saw that Colonel Fraser had still on his wet clothes. ' My dear fellow, why did you not change them?' asked the captain. ' It's no matter,' answered Colonel Fraser gloomily ; and he sat down in the middle of the little room, staring vaguely out on the street opposite, and listening to the strange voices, the uproar and the tramp of many feet outside, like a man in a dream. ' 111 go and see what they are doing now,' by-and-bye said Captain Layton, with the restlessness that excitement creates ; and so he went back to the river-side, and Colonel Fraser was left alone. Hh groaned and put his hand over his face as the door closed behind Captain Layton. It *was so dreadful to sit there — dreadful to think of the slimy river-bed that they were dragging — of Sarah — poor Sarah, lying dead. He had not a bad heart, and he had meant to be a good husband to her when he had married her, and he remembered all this now. They had disagreed from the first almost, and had never got on well together ; but whose fault had it been? Colonel Fraser was asking himself. He had never loved her, and in those few words the whole truth had lain, and Colonel Fraser reproached himself now for some of the unhap piness at least of their wedded lives. It got out in the little inn -who was upstairs, and the landlady told in whispers as she served out the glasses of whisky and rum at the bar that the husband of one of the poor ladies who was drowned -was sitting there. She came up twice to see after him, and showed her womanly commiseration by begging him to take off his wet coat and let her dry it at the kitchen fire. But Colonel Fraser shook his head. 'It did very well,' he said ; and so he sat on, minute after minute, till nearly an hour had passed away; then suddenly he heard a measured tramp, and subdued voices outside, and Cap tain Layton's voice giving some direction. He roseandwent to thewindow, and he did so with a feeling of sickening dread. The streets were all lighted now, and there was a crowd below —a crowd round a stretcher that four police men were carrying, and they had stopped down at the inn door. As Colonel Fraser looked down on this melancholy procession with a shuddering sensa tion of fear dt his heart Captain Lavton entered the room. 'My dear Fraser,' he said in a low tone. 'Well?' asked Colonel Fraser, sharply. ' Poor Mrs. Fraser, your poor wife, has been recovered — they have brought her here ? I thought it best,' faltered Captain Layton. 'She must be taken home at once,' said Colonel Fraser briefly. ,'But the inquest, you know, Fraser,' went on Captain Layton ; ' I fear till to-morrow she will have to remain here. The landlady has agreed for her to stay, poor thing, but this room is the only place ? ' 'Let me go, then,' said Colonel Fraser, deeply agitated. ' WDl you not stay and identify the body?' 'No, no ; you know her— -it is enough,' said Colonel Fraser, and he hastily left the room, but shudderingly drew back when he reached the landing, for on the stairs *vere the bearers of the dead. 'They are bringing her up, poor thing,' said Captain Layton pitifully, who was be hind him. ' Come back, Fraser, you cannot pass.' 'No,' said Colonel Fraser with a groan, and he went back into the room ; back till they carried in poor Sarah's body and laid it there ; back till with some whispered words Captain Layton drew the sympathising spectators away, and gently shut the door behind them, and the husband and dead wife were left alone. Then he went up, pale and resolute, to where they had laid her and drew back the white sheet which decently covered her poor face. Long he looked at her ; long and fixedly. He was a man who had faced death and danger, and would have faced them to-morrow with a smile, but this sight nearly unmanned him. His lips began to tremble and the dew broke out on his brow, but he uttered no word. Not one prayer, not one_ regret, faltered on his white lips ; but after looking at her intently for some time he gently drew the sheet over her face again and turned away. ' See that some one watches her,' he said to Captain Layton, who was waiting outside the door. ?' Let everything be done — I will come again to-morrow ;' and he wrung his friend's band, and -went out swiftly into the night. It was some miles to Scarley, but he walked all . the way; walked in the darkness and in the gloom, keeping when he . could by the shore, and listening almost unconsciously to the sea breaking with dirge-like solemnity on the sand. He could scarcely realise it even now — scarcely realise it, and yet the ghastly dead face haunted him, and the untimely parted soul seemed to hover by his footsteps as he went. When he reached Scaxely he found the doctor waiting for him. ' She is fast asleep, poor girl,' he said, alluding to Annabel. 'Ah, Colonel Fraser, she will have a sad awakening.' ' She has no idea, then 2' asked Colonel Fraser. ' None. I was forced, in fact, to deceive her. In her present state a shock of this kind might have had the most serious consequences. It is a terrible accident — and — your poor wife ?' ' They have found her,' answered Colonel Fraser, turning away his head ; and from delij cacy the doctor asked no more questions, but presently begged leave to lie down and take a few hours' zest ; and Colonel Fraser led him to bis own room, and then returned to the eitting-ioom, for he felt that it would be utterly impossible for him to attsmpt to sleep. By-and-bye, however, he slumbered over in his chair, and when he awoke the morning light was pouring in at the windows. He heard some one moving -upstairs, too, in An nabel's room, and rose at once to his feet to listen. The poor girl had awoke also, and with the morning had come consciousness and remem brance. At first a vague feeling of terror alone possessed her, but as the hazes of the opiate that the doctor had administered to her, and the effects of the blow, cleared from her brain, she recalled only too distinctly the terrible moment when the wheels of the drag fell, and when every one witliin it had felt their last hour was come. But she was saved. Annabel rubbed her eyes and sat up in bed, and remembered something about the river, and Martin, and a ship, and coming hflme, and asking for Sarah. ' How was Sarah ?' she wondered, and she rose, put on her dressing-gown, and went into the room that her sister had occupied while at Scarley. The bed had been unslept in — the dressing table was in disorder, for poor Sarah's maid, Page, had gone on a holiday, and an open note about the disastrous excursion of yesterday from Mrs. Layton was lying there, just where Annabel remembered seeing her sister throw it down after she had read it. Annabel looked round in terror and grew deadly pale. Was she dreaming, she thought, putting her hand to her head — but no, the pain of ,her wound told her it was all real as she touched it, and a terrible fear and dread rushed into her heart. 'Martin,' she said, 'where is Martin?' and she went at once to the dressing-room Colonel Fraser generally slept in, but which was now occupied by the doctor. She knocked at the door, but there was no answer, and when she tried to turn the handle she found the door was locked. 'Martin, '-she said aloud, 'Martin !' Colonel Fraser heard her voice and cavne out of the sitting-room downstairs. 'Is that you, Annabel?' he said, looking up from the hall below. 'Where is Sarah?' asked Annabel, running downstairs to him. 'Martin, where is Sarah?' Colonel Fraser turned pale and cold at this question, and leant against the banisters for support. ? 'Martin!' cried Annabel, in a voice sharpened with fear, seizing one of his hands, ' why don't you answer me ? Where is Sarah ? Where is my sister?' As she said this he turned round and claspsd her trembling hand in his cold one. 'My poor child,' he said, 'my poor girl ? ' ' What is it V sobbed Annabel. ' Martin, answer me, what have you done with Sarah V 'Come in here,' said Colonel Fraser, and he put his arm round her and led her into the sitting-room. 'Don't you remember, Anna bel,' he said, gently, drawing her closer to him, 'don't you remember, dear — when you all fell ?' - 'And Sarah is drowned!' cried Annabel, with a wail of bitter sorrow. ' Oh ! Sarah ! Sarah ! it was so sudden — so sudden !' 'It was indeed sudden,' said Colonel Fraser. 'Hush, dear Annabel, hush. We cannot recall her — do not grieve like this.' ' And she is dead— dead !' wailed Annabel, rocking herself in uncontrollable grief. ' Oh ! Sarah, Sarah— where are you — where are you now ?' 'Hush, Annabel,' said Colonel Fraser, trying to soothe her, 'hush, dear child.' 'How was it?' said Annabel, raising her head and her white tear-stained face and look ing wildly into his. 'Tell me how it was — I cannot recollect ? ' 'You are the only one saved,' said Colonel Fraser slowly and painfully. ' You ;fell free from the drag somehow, Annabel, and I saw you fall.' ' And you saved me? Did ? you save me ?' wept Annabel. ' I got into the water just in time. You threw your arms up, and I caught one of them.' ' I remember clinging to something — I re member now — and did no one try to save Sarah ?' ' She sank with the drag- ; there was no hope for any one who did that.' ' And she's in the river still ! Oh ! Sarah, Sarah .'' and Annabel wrung her hands {and and her whole form began to tremble violently. ' You will make yourself ill, Annabel, Anna bel, very ill,' said Colonel Fraser soothingly. ' Come, dear child, come, let me help you up stairs again — for my sake, Annabel ; for my sake try to bear it.' But Annabel utterly broke down beneath the shock of the news of her sister's death, and fell into such strong convulsive fits that the doctor had to be roused, and she was at last carried up to bed in a most distressing condition. 'She should have some lady with her,' said the doctor, and Colonel Fraser at once sug gested telegraphing for his mother. He also telegraphed to Sallford for Bessie, and when Annabel lifted up her heavjr swollen eyes during the afternoon on hearing some enter the room, she saw that her faithful old servant had arrived. 'Bessie, Bessie !' she cried, holding out her arms. 'Yes, iny darling,' said the usually grim old woman, going to her, and Annabel Hung ] her arms round Bessie's neck. j 'Oh ! Bessie,' she sobbed, 'Bessie, Sarah is dead !' ' But you are saved, Miss Annabel,' said Bessie bravely, though a tear twinkled for a moment in her eye. 'Well, if one was to go the Lord took the right one this time, anyhow, j for those who are left behind.' j 1 Chapter XLVTT.I.— A Strange Meeting. I would fain not write of the next few days ; the miserable days when the dead are with us, and when their shadow hangs like a pall over those who have walked with them as familiar friends. Annabel was very ill, and suffered very much during these sad hours. The bright August sun came shining in at the windows, and the ripple of the summer sea broke with its sweet cadence on her ears ; but she shrankfrom the brightness and tried to shut out the murmuring sound of the waves sweeping over the brown rocks where she and her sistsr had so lately sat. Ob, it Ls a terrible presence, that of death. Terrible when we watch the last hours — the labored breath, the fading eye — but more terrible still coming unawares — coining on a holiday ; coming, as Sarah's had done, in a mo ment when she was unprepared ; when all her sins were fresh upon her. Annabel saw her dead sister, though Colonel Fraser was most unwilling that she should do so. But the poor girl entreated so piteously that at last neither he nor Bessie had the heart any longer to refuse her. It had been first arranged by Colonel Fraser that poor Sarah's body should immediately after the inquest be conveyed to Copely, and. from thence carried to the f amily vault at Sall ford. But Annabel was too ill to travel, and she implored her brother-in-law that Sarah might be brought to Scarley, and remain there till the day of her burial in Sallford churchyard. Very unwilling was Colonel Fraser to comply with this tearful request, but poor Annabel prayed so hard and so long that at last he yielded ; and after the inquest on her body, and on that of the two other young ladies and the unfortunate young ensign was over, Sarah was brooght in a coffin back to the bouse from whence she had gone but yesterday so smilingly and carelessly away. It was very pitiable to see Annabel when she first saw Sarah's dead face. It was all decent and composed then ; the slime and the mud that had befouled it when she had been first carried into the little inn where her husband ?was waiting was now all washed away. It was Sarah, yet not the familiar Sarah. The features had sharpened, tbe skin refined. Poor Sarah looked fairer in her coffin tlian she had done in life ; and Annabel hung over her aud kissed her, bidding them all go away and leave her alone with her ' dear sister.' Colonel Fraser did not {jo often to the room where his wife lay so white and still. He sat by himself mostly downstairs, or with Captain Layton and the naval doctor who came to see him, and avoided intruding either on Annabel or the dead. The first shock was over noW, and the fii-st horror, and Mrs. Layton, who forced herself on one occasion into the sitting-room where he was declared that he certainly did not look broken-hearted. That lady had tried frequently also to gain admission to Annabel ; but Bessie, by her young lady's orders, positively refused to allow her to go upstairs. ' Miss Annabel isn't one of those who like to mourn in public, ma'ain,' said Bessie in her grim fashion, looking with anything but ap proving eyes on Mrs. Layton's pretty mincing face 'and she doesn't wish any one to see her poor sister.' Thus Mrs. Layton was forced to go away with her curiosity ungratified ; but as she was quite a heroine on her own account at the pre sent moment this somewhat consoled her. ' Oh ! if poor Mrs. Fraser had only listened to me,' she would say. ' I said, ' Dear, it is not safe, really not safe, to sit in the drag while we cross in the ferry.3 Oh ! oh !' and so on. It was an occasion on which Mrs. Layton could be, of course, very gushing — and very gushing she was. Her kind little husband said nothing, but he did almost everything for Colonel Fraser, and without saying a word to his wife, brought Annabel a beautiful basket of white flowers the night before poor Sarah's remains were finally conveyed from Scarley. J need not tell all about that sad parting. The last gloomy carriage that we ride in came to the door, the last kiss that she would ever give her sister on earth was given by the weeping Annabel, and then strangers came and carried Sarah away. Colonel 1 laser and Captain Layton followed the hearse in^ a mourning-coach, and they drove to a station^of & line by which they travelled direct to Sallford, There they were met by the invited . funeral guests and the rector, and poor Sarah was laid with due solemnity in the Frasers' family vault. After the ceremony was over some of the guests accompanied Colonel Fraser to Copely, where his mother, who had arrived there the day before, received them with dignified hospitality. Bessie remained with Annabel at Scarley, and it was understood that Colonel Fraser and his mother would go there on the day following that of the funeral, and remain -until Annabel was well enough to accompany them back to Copely. All this was arranged by_ Colonel Fraser. As for Annabel, she felt as if she did not care where she went— as if she never wished to raise her head again. She was ill, broken-down, and miserable. The shock of her sister's frightful death, and her own near and terrible escape had utterly unnerved her, and she lay through the day of poor Sarah's funeral, after the body had been taken away, weary with weeping, aud utterly prostrate both in body and mind. The faithful Bessie never left her, and if the truth were known, was, like the colonel, by no means broken-hearted by poor Sarah's death. 'If folks deserve love they get it,' Bessie remarked dryly to one of the maids as she was waking a list of some mourning that they re quired. ' Now, if it had been Miss Annabel, 1 shouldn't have been considering whether reps or alpaca would be the best for us.' But Sarah had one true mourner, and this was Annabel. They were the children of the same father and mother; they had grownup together, aud in spite of Sarah's shortcomings Annabel had loved her sister, aud now bitterly and truly regretted luer. The doctor came to see her in the evening of the day of the funeral. Colonel Fraser having asked him to do so, knowing what a trying time this must be to poor Annabel, and the kindly naval man persuaded her to rise for a short while when he was there. 'You will be all the better for being up, if it is only for half an hour,' said the cordial doctor, who was much touched by Annabel's beauty and sorrow. 'Come, my' dear, make the exertion. AVe all have to go through these sad hours of trouble, but it is of no use making them worse than they are.' Annabel was of a very gentle and yielding disposition naturally, and so, to please the doctor who had been so kind to them all, she allowed Bessie to dress her, and after she had done so Annabel had another short interview with the doctor, who had waited down stairs for the purpose of seeing her, 'to try to cheer her up a bit, poor thing,' he said to Bessie. In the meanwhile Bessie had received her parcel of reps and alpacas, and had not found the tiinuu ings enclosed exactly to her taste. There was a small shop not very far from the house they were staying in, and as the doctor was with Annabel ''to keep her company,' Bessie thought that she miglit 'slip out,' .13 she expressed it, for a quarter of an hour, to see if she could suit herself better. The do2tor, however, afraid of fatiguing Annabel, left the house a few minutes after Bessie did, and -with the exception of two maids in the kitchen, Annabel was thus entirely alone. She felt very restless and miserable after he was gone, and by-aud-bye went to the window and looked out. It was past nine o'clock now, and everything was very quiet and still. The house stood, as I have said, close on the edge of the cliff; only the narrow roadway with the stroug railing on one side of it, which literally was erected on the very verge of the rocks, being between it and th»sea. It -was a beautiful night, balmy and silent, and the moon was shining in long lines of light on the rippling waves and on the great dark rocks that jutted out as far as you could see along the coast. No living creature was visible, and Annabel, with the sick longing for any - change that comes over us often in great grief, felt a strange wish to go out, and so wrapping a black sliawl over her head she stole quietly down the stairs (so quietly that the maids in the kitchen never heard her) and crossing the narrow roadway leant wearily on the railing aud fixed her eyes vaguely and sadly on the sea. Long she leant there, thinking of many things. Her shawl had fallen a little back, and. her sweet pure profile was quite visible_ in the moonlight, when she heard footsteps coming quickly along the walk by the edge ot the cliff. '?It is some fisherman,' she thought, and she drew her sbawl a little closer, but still kept leaning on the railing. The footsteps came nearer to her, came behind her, passed her, and then suddenly stopped. Annabel raised her head a little as they did so, and looked around. A man was standing in the moonlight not three yards dis tant from her ; a man who as she turned her face towards him came quickly forward, hold ing out his hands. 'Annabel !' he said, 'can it be you?' It was Robert Vere, aud ashe spoke Annabel recognised him and gave a cry of surprise. ' Robert !' she said, 'Robert!' and she held cut both her trembling hands. Robert Vere was deeply moved. He liad seen the account of the accident in the papers, and the whole affection and tenderness that he had felt for Annabel had stirred more deeply within him at the knowledge of her near escape from death and her certain suffering and grief. He had come to Scarley for the purpose of en quiring after her, but had learnt at one of the railway stations that this was the day of her unfortunate sister's funeral, and he had there fore waited till it was dusk before he had ventured to approach the house, and being unacquainted with the neighborhood was ac tually looking for it, when he was startled by seeing in the moonlight what seemed to him like the ghost of Annabel. 'Are— are you better?' he said, holding her hands and looking pitifully at her with his grave sweet eyes. Annabel's answer was a quivering sob. 'You have heard,' she said a moment later. ' ' I suppose you have heard ?' ' I saw it in the papers yesterday,' answered Robert Vere in his gentle way. 1,' I was at South-hill' when I saw it, but I came at once to Scarley, for I wished to hear how you were.' ' It has been so miserable — oh ! so miserable, Robert,' wept Annabel. 'I can understand that. And you — the papers said your head was hurt. Is that so, Annabel ?' ' Yes, I have a great cut here,' answered Annabel, and she pushed back her fair hair as f he spoke, aud showed the wound on her white forehead. ' My poor girl — oh ! my poor girl,' said Robert Vere. 'It stunned me ; I did not know wliat I was doing, jiever knew how I was saved.' 'Colonel Fraser saved you, did he not?' asked Robert gravely. ' Yes, it was very good and brave of him, was it not, Robert ?' answered Annabel inno cently. ' He has the reputation of being brave,' said Robert, and he turned away his head. ' Oh, I am sure he is. And you, Robert, you have had grief too '!' ' Yes, my poor father.' 'I saw his death. I — I wondered why you had never come ; but I suppose that you were with him ?' Robert Vere turned sharply round and looked at Annabel as she said this. ' I could not come,' he said, ' after my letter.' 'Your letter,' repeated Annabel, 'what letter ? I have been wondering, too, that you never wrote.' 'But, Annabel,' began Robert, and then he paused. He was agitated, but he feared to agitate her by renewing a painful subject ; and yet he felt it was but right that she should hear the truth. 'The letter to which no answer ever came,' he said, almost in a whisper ; ' the letter I wrote in town.' 'But I never got any,' answered Annabel, looking at Robert with her truthful eyes, and he gave a glad low cry as she did bo. ' Thank God !' he said, ' thank God !' ' 1 do uot understand you, Robert,' went on Annabel, still looking- at him. 'No. Annabel, you. have lifted a weight from my heart. I wrote to ask you to be my wife— to be my wife, if your heart was free to love me — if not ? 'and Robert hesitated. ' 1— I never got it,' said Annabel. 'Then tell me now,' said Robert, and he carne nearer to her, clasping her hands tighter, which lie still held ; ' tell me now, Annabel, in this hour of trouble, is there any one more to you than I am V' ''No — 110 one, 'answered Annabel, aud her hrad sank low. 'But, Robert, don't talk of this now — don't talk of this now ;' and he felt her tears fall fast on his hands as she spoke. ' No— no, my dear one,' he said, as if lie were thinking ; but he put his arms round her and drew her to his breast. 'I'm so glad,' he murmured; 'so glad and thankful, Annabel.' 'When may I see you again?' he asked presently. ' When do you think tliat it would be right for me to come ?' ' 1 don't know,' answered Annabel in a low tone. 'You know, Robert, she was buried to day. They would not let me go ; they said I was too ill to go. Oh, it's so dreadful, Robert — so dreadful ! I can't realise it, even yet.' And her head fell shudderingly on his shoulder. ' In time it will be softened to you,' said Robert gently. 'Don't agitate* yourself, Annabel. And is this ths place where you were hurt ?' he went on, smoothing back her hair caressingly. ' Let me mend it.' And he stooped down and kissed the wound on her brow. While these words were passing between Robert and Annabel Bessie was hastening back from the little shop in the village to look after her charge. She had not got what she wanted, and was consequently rather in a ruffled state of mind and body, and rapped very sharply when she arrived at the back door of the house on her return. Annabel heard the rap through the houss in the clear still air, and started to hear it. 'I must go in, Robert,' she said. 'That will be Bessie come back, and she would think it st:ange if she found me here.' ''Perhaps — and yet I can't bear to part with you. Annabel, this isn't a dream, child ? — I shan't wake in the morning and find you have flown away somewhere or other again ?' 'No, Robert.' 'As you say, this is no time to talk of such things ; but I may depend on what you have eaid ':' ' Yes — yes, indeed.' While this strange betrothal was going- ou Bessie had hurried upstairs, and to her terror and dismay had found that Annabel was not in her room. ' She's gone to poor Miss Sarah's,' thought the old woman, hurrying into the apartment that poor Sarah had occupied, which was close to Annabel's. All was desolation here. The moonlight was shining on the trestle where the coffin had stood, and the looking-glass and the furniture were still coveied with white draperies, and Bessie set up a perfet wail 01 despair when she found it was empty. 'Where is she? — where is shi ':' she. cried. 'Miss Annabel! — Miss Annabel! — where are you?' And she rushed downstairs, hurrying from one room to the other and .serea:uing at the top of her voice. Annabel heard her na'iie in Bessie's excited tones outside, and after wringing Robert's hand ran hastily across the road just as Bessie was darting out of the front door to seek her. 'Have you been after committing suicide now, Miss Annabel ?' said Bessie, seizing her by the shoulder as she met her on the door step, and giving her a sharp shake in her real agitation and nervousness. ' Now, I do call that too bad, to go out and frighten one so.' A nd Bessie sat down on one of the hall chairs really quite pale and fainting. ' My poor Bessie, I'm so sorry,' said Anna bel. ' Where have you been ?' gasped Bessie. ' Only leaning on the railing just across the road,' answered Annabel, feeling very much embarrassed at the question. ' Well, Miss Annabel,' said Bessie, raising her stiff figure once more erect, for she was one of those who disdain to give way to ' faints and such-like ;' ' I think you might have told me if you wished to go. It isn't quite manners, giving people such turns, for I made sure you'd been cutting your throat or committing some other destruction.' Chapter XLIX.— The New Widower. The uext day Colonel Fraser returned to Scariey. He looked very grave and quiet in his deep mourning, and as soon as he was in the house he rang the bell and asked for Miss Lee. The maid went up-stairs and told Annabel that her brother-in-law had arrived, and Annabel went down at once into the sitting room where he was, and put her cold little trembling hand in his. 'How are you,' he said, eagerly advancing to meet her, ' how are you, Annabel ?:- '1 am better,' she answered in a low rather nervous voice. ' And your head ?' he asked, putting- his hand caressingly on her wounded brow, pretty much as Robert Vere had done the night before. ' How is this going on ?' But Annabel blushed and shrank from his touch. ' I wasn't going to hurt it, child,' he said with a smile. ' Why, what a nervous little thing you are ! Does it pain you now ?' ' Not much,' said Annabel. ' My mother meant to come with me to day,' went on Colonel Fraser, ' but she's not very well, and so I came over to see how you are getting on. When do you think you'll be well enough to travel to Copely ?' 'I don't know,' hesitated Annabel, and she blushed again. ' Well, don't go too soon, and be ill. We can have a few quiet days here first — only there's that confounded Mrs. Jjayton.' ' I hope she won't come,' said Annabel. 'She's sure to come,' answered Colonel Fraser, 'and as she's a remarkably long tongue of her own when she choose to use_ it, perhaps it would be as well for us to be civil to her when we are here.' ' Yes.' ' We'll have lots of business to do together soon, do you know, child,' continued Colonel Fraser. ' I don't suppose you have ever thought of it, but your poor sister's death' has made a great change in your prospects. ' How do you mean, Martin ?' ' She died without leaving a will, so a great portion of her property goes to you as her nearest relation. You'll be a little heiress now, Annabel.' 'But, Martin, I do not understand — why, it is your money now, I thought.' 'It was all settled on her, and as her husband I get part, I believe, and you as her nearest relation the rest. Something like fifty thousand pounds, Annabel.' Annabel's eyes filled with tears. She was thinking of her grandmamma's death, and how she had expected this money then. It had come to her now — and Sarah, poor Sarah. ' Of course there's no need of any immediate hurry about it,' went on Colonel Fraser, 'only I thought it right that you should know. I saw the lawyer about it before I left Sallford this morning, so there's no mistake. 1 shall have to keep a sharp look out on you now, Miss Annabel, or some one will be run ning away with yon,' he added, with a smile. 'There is no fear of that,' said Annabel quickly, and then her face grew crimson to the very brows. 'No, I don't- think there is,' Little Belle,' said Colonel Fraser quietly but significantly ; and Annabel knew that he had misunderstood her as he spoke. 'Are you going to stay here to-day, Martin?', she asked after a few minutes of rather uncomfortable silence. ' Of course I am going to stay here to-day,' he answered. ' Why do you ask?' 'Only,' said Annabel with a sort of smile, ' about ordering dinner.' ' And may I ask, do you not dine when I'm net here ?' ' Oh, yes ; but I don't care much about it.' ' Thank you for the insinuation. Well, I won't scold you, even if you give me a bad dinner, my little girL' He spoke kindly, almost tenderly, and Annabel felt uncomfortable again, and shortly afterwards left the room to see after her brother-in-law's comforts. ' There's not much to get, Miss Annabel, in the way' of victuals, that's the truth, in this place,' said Bessie, to whom she applied on the subject. ' But I think,' she added with a toss of her head, adorned with its new black cap, 'that a man oughtn't to be that particular the day after he's buried his wife !' 'But, Bessie, Colonel Fraser said nothing about it,' justly suggested Annabel. 'It's always the way,' said Bessie, with another toss. ' Women-folk will sit down to anything, a cup of tea or a chop — whatever's going does for them ; but the moment one of them males arrives, isn't there a to-do i They must have that and they must have the other, just as if their digestibles were of a superior character !' 'Well, see if you can get something nice Bessie,' said Annabel ; and than she went up stairs to her own room and sat down there very thoughtfully. A great change had come to her then— a great change of position, for she was rich now, and that means so many things in this wonder ful world. ' I am glad for Robert's sake,' she thought gently ; and then her cheeks grew a shade paler, for she remembered that Martin Fraser.had yet to learn her promise, and she had an uneasy consciousness that it would be displeasing to him. ' Of course no one can be told yet,' she de cided ; but still she wished almost that her brother-in-law knew. But it was too soon for such a thing to be spoken of, and besides, after all, nothing was settled. She knew now that Robert cared for her, and this thought came like a balm and a comfort to her sorrowful heart. 'He will take care of me, and I shall have some one to trust in aud look up to,' she thought wistfully; 'and by-and-bye I hope that Martin will find some one to love him too,' She had never yet thanked her brotherin law for saving her life, shrinking not un naturally from that painful subject. 'How ungrateful he must think me,' she had often reflected during the last three mise rable days ; and even the night before the doctor had spoken of Colonel Fraser's great courage and gallantly when he_ sprang into the river and risked his own life in saving hers. 'I will thank him to-night,' she told her self softly ; and when they were together after dinner, while the dusk was creeping around them, she went up timidly to where he was sitting. ' Martin,' she said, ' I have never thanked you — — ' and then she paused, for a choking sensation in her throat seemed to stop her words. 'What for, Little Belle ?' said he, turning round his dark handsome face and looking at her, for she was standing behind him. 'For saving me,' said poor Annabel, with a half sob. 'For saving you?' repeated Colonel Fraser, and he moved his chair back so that he faced her, and took her hand. 'Yes,' said Annabel, in the same broken voice. 'Do not thank me, Annabel,' said Colonel Fraser, in a grave, low tone, aud he stooped his head down and kissed her hand. ' What would my life have been, do you think, child, if I had lost you?' 'Oh, don't, Martin, don't say that !' 'YouA-ncw it is so,' said Colonel Fraser; and then he rose and went to the window, leaving Annabel terribly uneasy and afraid. In a few minutes, however, he spoke to her in his ordinary manner. ?'My mother saw Mrs. Jerningham at Brighton, do you know, Annabel ?' ' Did she ?' answered Annabel. 'In alittlewhilelthink that wefcad better ask them to Copely for a few days. What do you think,' went on the colonel. ' Of course, just as you and Mrs. Fraser like.' 'Would you like?' persisted Colonel Fraser. ' Oh — yes — of course,' hesitated Annabel. ' My mother sent a great many messages to you,' continued the colonel, 'but I've for gotten half of them. One, howe\rer, was, An nabel, that if you are not well enough to return io Copely with me to-morrow that she will come for you herself on Friday or Saturday. Would you like that best?' 'It is very good of Mrs. Fraser; but you know, Martin ? ' 'Well, what do I know v- Annabel was silent. She was thinking of her position. Should she live under Colonel Fraser's roof after what he had just said ? and yet where was she to go ? It would seem so strange to leave so soon after Sarah's death ; but still she was afraid. ' I will consult Robert,' she thought, 'before I say anything.' -And having come to this determination she changed the conversation by some trifling question about Copely. She could not speak of her sister's funeral, and he never mentioned it ; but, by-and-bye, when it got a little darker he asked her to go out for a short walk along the cliffs,. and then Annabel made an allusion to it. ' No, no,' she said drawing back, ' it is too soon — too soon after ? ' For a moment Colonel Fraser did not speak, and then he said — 'Well, Annabel, have your own way to night, but 1 murit have you go out. It will never do for yon to go moping on in the hoase all day here. I'll take you out for a drive to morrow morning before I go to Copely— at least if I go at all.' 'Very well,' answered Annabel. ' Do you mind my leaving you for half an hour?' went on the colonel. 'I've a con founded headache, and I fancy that a smoke and a stretch along the sands will do me good.' ' Of course not, Martin ; and perhaps I shall be gone to bed when you come back, so I may as well say good-night now.' 'Won't you sit up for me? Well, never mind, if you are tired. Good-night, then, Annabel, if I don't see you again,' and he took her hand. 'Take cave of yourself, my little girl, good-night.' (To he continued.) 