CONCERT AT PORT PIRIE. An enteitainment in aid of the widow and orphans of the late Mr J. Hutchinson, who was killed, on board of the ship Inley, on April 1st last, was given in Howe's Rooms, on Wednesday 29th. His Worship the Mayor in the chair. Afrtr a few remarks, . from the Chairman, the Concert opened with an overture by Messrs Melburn, Stone, and Miss Butterworth "Overland Mail." Then came Mr D. McCulloch, " V hy Rouse the British Lion," followed by Master A. Mil- bank, who was well received, and had to respond to an encore. Mr M. Jones gave a recitation. Master McCulloch appeared next in a song "When We were Boys To gether." The audience joined in the chorus and literally brought the house down. Then came Mr J. Baker with a Comic Song. Mr D. McCulloch gave a new Song. The words were composed by himself, and the music by Mr J. Melburn. entitled the " Barrier King" which was' well received. Mr M. Jones contributed a second recitation, in good style. MrE. Rudland would have been more successful in his lecture had he goneles3 frequently to the sides. After an. interval of .ten minutes an overture " The Lancers " was performed with taste by the orchestra, fal lowed by a ventriinqnesiral yarn "Tommy and J oe " by Mr E. Rudland. Mr J. Baki-r was well received, and had to respond in his second song. A song and dance was next on the boards given by Mr F. Darmody. This was followed with a screacher " Ghost and Patter " by Messrs Dannody and Winter, who kept the audience in mars of laughter for some time. Song "Betsy Waring" by Mr Werner, aud the concert concluded with a comic song " On the Teetotalers," in which the sot was well represented. A farce wa3 given by Messrs Darmody, Winter and Roberts which took splendidlj". We may mention that Mr F. Darmody takes as well to- day, as he did some years ago, and we will be glad to see him frequently assisting on the boards, and feel sure he will always be well re ceived at Port Pirie. The proceeds would be about £20. " Has he gone, dear 1" " Yes, grandma," " And what was that sound in the hail, Jessie ?" " Why, it must have been the door shutting, grandma." " Your grandma may be old and deaf, Jessie, but doors did not shut with a sound like that when she was a girl. " Did the men wear mustaches then, grandma 1" " No, my dear." " Well, that makes the difference, probably." — PiUslurq Telegraph. Jane, have you fed the dog this morn ing ? Mrs. Winks — No, he doesn't need any thing. Why, I have not given him any meat since yesterday morning, have you ? No, but one of Maria's fellers called I last night. - -Philadelphia Gall. 