THEATRE ROYAL. THE BELLS OF CORNEVILLE. Standing room was at a premium last night at the theatre, especially in what are known as the popular parts of the house. The second production of the present opera season was the old friend and tried friend Bells of Corneville, the anglicised version of M. Plauquetto's universally successful production Lea Cloches de Corneville. It was first introduced to Hobart by the Pollards, and, it is only fair to say, that, though several changes have taken place in the rendering of it by them in the first instance, they have invariably been for the best. Last night's performance was, on the whole, very enjoyable. The children-as we still think thousand excellently throughout, one and all, and if the applause was less frequent than usual it was but the reflex of the Cold without, and the doiiBO packing to which those who were determined to see the opera through had to submit. There are two important changes in the cast as the price is now presented: Miss Ruth Wallace takes the place of Miss Maud Pollard as the Marquis, and Master Henry Hull appears for the first time in the trying role of the Miser Gaspard, which Herbert Salinger first demonstrated, and demonstrated so ably on our stage, Both of the now aspirants had a strong handicap against them in the successes of their predecessors, but they bera up bravely, and each achieved success, which they may well be proud of. Miss Wallace has done so well in smaller parts, and has always been such a conscientious little actress and vocalist, that the management were perfectly justified in entrusting her with such a prominent part as the Marquis, and she owes it entirely to her own perseverance and energy that she has been so far advanced. She looked picturesque and handsome, and her rendering of the character was dignified and self-possessed, and her vocalisation, if not quite so brilliant as that of the former impersonation of the character, was cultivated and pleasing. Of Harry Hall, too, a good report is due. The Miser is a very difficult part indeed to play. It is the mainspring of the piece, and its demands are enormous. Master Hall is not yet apparently thoroughly drilled in what is known as the business of the part, or it may be that he takes quieter view of the situation. But in other respects he is far and away beyond any previous juvenile Gaspard, in that he is more thoroughly in earnest, and has besides the gift of pathos, and the knowledge how to use it, The senile ap clearance of the old man with the cunning of, the tottering gait, and shrill voice are excellent in the early part of the piece, but the principal effort is of course in the second act. Nothing could be more appropriate than the appearance of the quaint ghost- like little figure sitting crouching over the table kissing his golden treasure and bathing his face in it, nor the change to abject terror when he is disturbed, as he imagines,' by the ghosts of the departed with whom he has so often, in imagination, frightened the rest of the villagers. The situation of the old man when he loses his reason is also given with extreme pathos It renders more probable the idea engendered by his Bunthorne, that with judicious train- ing shall as he now enjoys, Master'Hall's future as an actor should be a bright one. The rest of , the case is too well-known to need lengthy notice. Miss Flo do Lormcis still a tuneful and comely Jean Grenioheux ; Miss Amy Brooks a delightfully comical 'Bailie ; Miss Bella Stewart a comely Germaine ; Miss May Pollard sufficiently saucy and pert as Serpolette ; Miss Lizzie Donnelly a very funny Gabo, and Miss Marion Norman as piquant as the amorous little sailor Christopher as only she can he. The piece is as well staged as usual. Mr. T. Pollard's assiduity and excellent management behind the scenes ensures everything going well, and the company gave their choruses and the dances notably the Maypole dance and the ballot-with a gusto that was most delightful. The orchestra, under Mr. J. A. Delany's baton, proves again all that could be desired, and the scenery is now and appropriate. The Bells will be repeated this evening, and on Thursday Vie Lillie Duke will be given. \- ' - -? 