THE FUTURE OUTLOOK. BY R. H. The old order changeth, Yielding place to new, sang Tennyson, arid the laureate is fully in accord with the progressive aspirations of humanity.- There is really no necessity to take a gloomy view of the future. because the signs of the times point to a radically different social and political system. ' The world is full of these changes, and humanity is nothing unless it is progressive. It cer tainly seems very doubtful whether many of the changes that are foreshadowed will be progress; but yet there is hope. -All genera tions are too fond of flattering themselves that all intelligence is centred in them. As men gradually feel age creeping upon them they fill their minds with gloomy thoughts of the coming day. To the aged the world is near its end, and the further they go down the shady path the gloomier becomes all the surroundings of life. To the young the world is but beginning,- and the glory of their rising sun illumines every thing around them. And so it really is. The world is ending to the one, and beginning to -the-other. One generation starts the “battle of life" in enthusiasm, but gradually wears around itself the tradi tions and customs; then their energies be corire lax, their enthusiasm wanes, and their work.. is accomplished. A new generation with its freedom from tradition and its newer energy is necessary to turn the world around; and so life jogs along, whilst generation after generation holds up ‘its hands in horror and looks for a crash when their successors take the reins. It does not follow because the old order is changing, and the new is rapidly taking its place, that the new must bring decay. There are times in the world’s history when great changes mark its progress; such a time has the nineteenth century been. Change after change has come. Wonders have been worked in everything. Man, compared to what he was100 years ago, is a miracle of knowledge and power. Many old cobwebs have been swept from his mind; slaves have been freed; religion has been purified; the cogwheels of Time’s “ whirligig” have been cleaned out; and it now revolves with greater rapi dity. Yet the end is far off Is it any marvel that with such changes in humanity’s knowledge and power, the old social and political systems should be shaken to their very base ? It might be foolish to say that the present systems are old and fossilised, but does it not to a certain extent follow ? Man now is utterly different in his hopes and his power to what he was. The time is no longer when education belongs to the favored few. There is a cry in Great Britain to-day against the House of Lords, and many shudder and say that House is one of Britain’s bulwarks. Yet this cry is swelling louder and louder, and is gaining such strength every day that the coming general election may possibly raise it to a whirlwind which will sweep the House of Peers from its place. This too is only the natural result of the great increase in knowledge amongst the masses of the people which has wrested from the autocracy the power they possessed in the exclusive possession of education. The schoolmaster has travelled slowly, but step by step has followed closely on his heels-the extension of the franchise, each step making the masses a stronger, and the exclusive classes a weaker power. A witty writer says that the ghost is laid when the child sees the scooped-out turnip and the lighted candle; and the veneration of the masses for those above them as surely goes when they themselves gain the same power which has made the others great. With science classes for the million, and popular lectures on every subject is it to be won dered that mankind is altering? On the first blush it seems as if another political system is absolutely necessary to cope with this increase of human hopes and longings. Already we have writers pointing out that the present system of government is becom ing too clumsy. The many “nostrums” which are so much feared by many are a healthy sigri. Stagnant indif ference is more to be feared. This seething and unrest—these all-powerful quacks—point to a deeper feeling beneath and an earnest seeking after a real remedy. From all this incipient revolution will in time be evolved some some master mind— one that will realise the full longings of the soul and the full remedy for its ills; and each age will assuredly produce its own Bacon. Can we not leave the future to the coming men ? Let them work out their own salvation. The result is more likely to be good than evil. The upheaval must, and will come; but as Garfield cried “God still lives,” and humanity is becoming stronger and better. The old system of government of the many by the few all the world over must grow obsolete, and outlive its day as surely as Feudalism did. But why should wo not look forward to the coming day with hope ! Men talk of and wish for the millenium, and yet laugh at “ the Parliament of man, the federation of the world;” but the very “sore sickness’ of the old nations is a hopeful augury that “ it’s coming yet for a’ that.” The vast armies and navies must go as the people become more enlightened. Bismarck accomplished a great work when he united Germany, but Bismarck only took advantage of the work of progress. A hundred years ago even a Bismarck would have been powerless to unite those petty States, with all their pro vincial jealousies. The federation of the English-speaking world is not so very vision ary. Men are drawing closer together. A hundred years ago Britons in America were slaughtering one another. Fifty years ago there was a great gulf fixed between them. To-day Great Britain mourns for an Ameri can soldier in Westminster Abbey, and the time of heartburnings and strife seems gone for ever. Is it too much to hope that the coming century will be as wonder-working as the present ? That the onward progress of the world will hasten the brotherhood of man? “ Clouds and darkness are about His Throne,” aud we cannot see what the dark ness holds. The last century closed with more ominous signs than we have now, and though there may be mutterings of evil, yet above all the noise of the thunder and the glare of the lightning the still small voice of God is heard. And so it will be. Changes must come; humanity must progress. But while side by side with it marches on the religion of the Nazarene, all will be well. 