RELIGION WITHOUT SUPERSTITION. bin;— 4. qavp observed in the pnblic. news papers that Judge Williams' new book has ex- cited considerable commotion in clerical dove cots. When we find, for instance. Revelations quoted by Dr Moorhouse to support the Re surrection, and Genesis by tho Rev. Abernethy to support the Trinity, it is certainly high time the laity should study these matters fur them selves;' Dean Slattery, who has joined the crusade against - 'Religion without Superstition, " has written to the "Argus'" of 9th inst// stat- ing that he has been relnptantly induced /thread the brochure, and has no hesitation in pronounc ing it a miserable farrago of effete objections, which have -been offen urged and often an- swered-adding it is a fearful proof of the lamentable consequences of reading the Bible by the 'dangerous and delusive light of private judgment. Nevertheless, the conduct of the Bereans is commended by Paul (Acts 17,11, Douay version). Now/these were more noble than those in Thessalonica, who received tlie word with all eagerness, daily searching the Scriptures, whether these things were so. ' Nor shoud we be unmindful of the noteworthy, -say ing of Jesus "(Luke 12f 57jr- And why even of yourselves' do ye not judge that' which is just. Thousands and hundreds of thousands of pro- fessed Christians are what they are from sheer accident, mere copies of those by whom they havo been accidentally surrounded ; and might have belonged to any other denomination just as easily and as thoughtlessly as the sect to w|iich jtuey are now. allied ; for whether 'their parent? and associates had happened "to be Romanists, Protestants, Calvinists, Armenians, Baptists, Quakers, or Jews, they would have been professedly the like, mere fractions of a mass, constituting any religious body whatever, wholly irrespective of its name or tenets; . be lieving anything, adopting anything, subscrib ing/ anything— emphatically, Anythingarians ! Is is not lamentable. that-so- many persons; pos sessed of what may be termed good understand ing, do not' take the ' trouble of ascertaining for themselves either tho nature or consequences of tho doctrine: they 'have espoused, and which they habitually cherish as being both 'truthful and godly/ They 'do not think and "judge for themselves, but leave their. paid servants,' their religious teachers, to think and judge for them, notwithstanding they profess to believe that " everyone of us shall give an account of him self to God." Tho reason is this — only very few of us were ever taught how to think; and hence it is that thinking is one of the least exerted privileges of even cultivated humanity. I was a Trinitarian by education ; I am now a Unitarian, from conviction. The Church of England service, the Wesleyan pulpit, and still mero the Wesleyan hymns, not the Scriptures, impregnated my mind with Trinitarian notions ; and up to forty years of age I had never once examined . flje doctrine of the Trinity fpr my self ; but, Sir, I can truthfully say, once I was blind ; now I see. Whatever change takes place in any man's opinions are we not' bound to abide by the latest opinion as being the most matured ? Many (like Dr Whitby and Dr; Watts), who long ranked amongst Trinitarians, became Unitarians in their riper years. We read, mr Editor, of Cleopa's speaking "con-- cerping Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the "people" (Luke 24, 18, 19); of Peter's pro-! claiming " Jesus of Nazareth a man approved of God" (Acts 2, 22) ';' also of his telling tho Jews, " Mpses truly sajd unto the fathers— A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up into you of your brethren like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things, whatsoever He shall say unto you"! (Acts 3, 22) ; and of Jesus saying unto John, : ''I am thy fellow servant, and of thy: brethren tho prophets," but nowhere in the! Bible is Jesus ever called the God, the title: gjven to him by uninquiring Trinitarians. Not one of the evangelists, not one of the apostles, not onq of the earliest christians, have even the most distant idea of either a Popish duality, or of a Pagan Trinity ; they wero one and all Unitarians. During his life Jesus ate and drank, fasted, prayed, and gave thanks ; worked at the carpenter's bench, and associated with his fel- low men : at thirty years of age he entered on the ministry, made choice of certain disciples, whp afterwards became fellow-workers ; yet not one of these daily companions had the slightest idea of his being the God who made them, the- Creator of all things visible and invisible never did such notions enter one of their bonds ; their whole conduct towards him demonstrates the contrary ; they never believed, never once thought that He had a particle of participation; in the God-head ; for they, one and all, forsook! him— even sturdy Peter, who said, "Lord, I am ready to go with thee, both ino prison and unto death, denied all acquaintance with him, arid swore he knew not tho man."— (Matthew 26, ). most endearing friendships with Him in their most enthusiastic moments, they simply believed that He was what Ho repre sented Himself to be— tho Son of God, the Son; of Man ( tho whole of their behaviour towards' Him as well as His behaviour towards thom, .shew? thut not ppp .of tHom, even for a single inBtant, h.elipyo,d, or once thought, that he was God 1 Laymen ago as much interested in cite troth of Christianify ft? pUhtobmqri arp ; and xn _ this - onjighfened age are qs cepaolo of sooirig what is rovealod in tho'Biblo. "As for Jesus claiming to be deity, did He not rebuke those who even called Him good master, saying there was nope good but one, that is God. — (Matthew 19,17.) Thoro cannot, by any possibility," be a God the Son, or a God tlio Huly Ghost, or a God Alan, or any other God but one 1 Chris tians pf all denominations bejievo in . 'three Gods, notwithstanding they pretcud to believe in both tlio Hebrew and the Christian scriptures , wherein they read, ' Hear, .0 Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord'— (Dout. 6, 4 ) ' Before me there was no God formed, neither shall there he after Me.' — (Isaiah; 43, 10.) 'I am Jehovah, that is My namo, and My glory will I not give to anothor.' — Isaiah, .42, 8.) 'I am Jehovah thy God, from the land of Egypt, and thog shalt have no God but Me; for there is no Saviour beside tpe.' — (Hosea, f3, 4.) 5 'J'liere is one .God and there is none other but He.' (Mark, 12, 33.) ' To us there is but one God, the Father.' — (Cor., 8, 6.) ' Thou 'believest there -is one God — thou dost well.'— (James, 2, 19.) I can .quote many similar texts in 'proof of tho oneness of God, but the above may suf fice for the present. If (God the Father, and God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost be not three Gods, then ,L do not understand plain English, whatever preachers may say about three persons and one God. The Wesleyans have their God the Son, and their God the Holy Ghost, and their God Man, : and they sink both tlio Father and tlie Holy Spirit into obscurity by the pre-eminence they give to the man Jesus, wham they worship as the Great I Am, (Hyriih 195), addressing him as the One Eternal God (122), Singing ' Jehovah Chris? I thee adore' (249), and calling Jesus 'Jehovah crucified' (128), with many more such expres sions in flat contradiction to tho plainest teach ings of tbe Bible. More than this, the Wesley- ans actually propagate the doctrine of man's embodying in his own puny and sinful self the essence of the Godhead (' whom tho lienven, apd heaven of heavens cannot contain'') singing. Fulness of the Deity in Jesus' body .dwells/ dwells in all His saints, and me, when God his Son reveals, (603). And as to doctrino of the Trinity, which is as inconceivable in idea as "it is impossible in fact, Jerome, ' who excelled all his contemporaries in' learning' writes. Those who confess tho Trinity must bid fare well to science, and while Luther tells us it is a mere' human invention, Calvin denounces the Trinity, as barbarous, insipid, profane ; a human institution grounded on no testimony of the Bible, the Popish God, unknown to the Prophets and Apostles. Yet tho Wesleyan hymns abound with adorations to tho 'triune God; Singing of a mystical plurality, we in the Gods head own. Adoring one in persons three, and three in nature one, (256), one inexplicably three, and in simplest unity, (260). ;. Him three in one, and- one in three extol to all eternity, (225). If Trinitarians did not profess to believe in 'the Bible, some excuse might be made fpr their preposterous idiosyncrasies, but from the first of Genesis to the last verse of the Revelations, no God tho Son, nor God the Holy Ghost',' nor God Man, nor Trinity; nor :any .- such doctrine can be found, for the Lord God Almighty ' is 'God alone ; and beside Him there is no Saviour ! " How is it that the Christian world has so far departed from 'truth, as to lay hold of so many strange notions and indefeasible doctrines unknown to Jesus ? On investigation it will be found that Religionists repudiate' the simple, amiable, truthful teachings of Him who is the way, the truth and the life ; and adopt in their stead the bewildering and danger ous idiosyncrasies of Paul, who unhappily never had the opportunity of becoming acquainted with the teachings of Jesus. It was not Jesus, but Paul who introduced the doctrine of the fall of man, which brought in its train original sin, the atonement, the divinity of Jesus, justification by faith, predestination, reproba tion, - and other fallacious doctrines, none of which can be found in tho matchless sermon delivered by Jesus on the Mount. Paul, how ever, after having preached the doctrine of the atonement for several years, 'while on his missionary tour, lost faith in its efficacy; for, in his epistles to the churches penned at a later period when his judgment was a-ripening, he cautioned his readers against placing any reliance on the atonement, urging them to work out their own salvation. — Yours. &c.;, LAYMAN'. Yaughan, 25 | 5 | 85. , ' 