INTERCOLONIAL ITEMS A man named Philip Teague, while putting out a fire in his house at Auckland, N. Z., on 2nd inst., burst; a blood-vessel and expired, — The charge of ' accepting, bribes, preferred against a'Melbourne policeuian,: has been dismissed by the Bench for want of con clusive evidence.— The' inquest'on 11th inst. o/i the body of a still-born child fiund dead at Hawthorn, Viet., hidden in a black bag in a' bedroom, presented some regrettable features. The mothor of the child, a lady help, was most highly aecoinplished,pain ted well, played, spoke several languages, and : was :. -highly esteemed in church circles, New South Wales, having among her friends one of the highest prelates there. — It is stated Mr. Bryce, ex Native Minister of New Zealand, has something more to do in England than to prosecute Mr. Rusden for libel, having also to defend an action for iSGOOO damages brought against him bv tMr. Rusden for loss of profit on the circu lation of his ' History of New Zealand,' which was stopped by the libel action. — At Oaniaru, N. Z. ,a boy, eight years old, ate green rhubarb tops, was takea ill with vomiting, retching, and purging, and died. Tho post mortem revoalcd that the irrita tion caused by eating the rhubarb had oc casioned the boy's death, causing congestion of the brain. — On 25th ult. the chairman of the Auckland, N. Z., Education Board reported tho death of a district school scholar, Miss A. M. Browning, 15J years old; she was a pupil in the Girls'High School, having won a scholarship last year. Immediately after passing her annual ex amination this year she was attacked by . brain fever, and was carried off. — On 20th ult. at Auckland, a servant girl named O'Hallorau, who 'was arrested for theft and bailed out, attempted to committ suicide by taking 'Rough on Rats.' roinpt niodical aid saved her life. The first cocoa and chocolate machinery erecti d in Now Zealand, was started on October 2, at Dunedin. The machinery only left Paris some ten weeks previous. — :Ont. of 98 railway employes examined at Sandhurst, Victoria, for colour blindness, only two wore rejected. — -Sergeant Kennedy, of Merino, has brought to Melbourne for presentation to the Museum a sheet of zinc, measuring about 3 feet C inches by 1 foot 0 inches, upon which is a representation produced by lightning of the upper portion cf a dead tree which was struck down by lightning. The piece of zinc was found about two months ago lying within 50 yards of the tree. — To prove that Auck land, N. Z., has a ' Mothor Jeffries,' a local labour agent writes to tho Auckland Star that the kaepor of a well-known, house has asked him to supply two handsome parlour maids, and promised to liberally reward him if they turned out well. — Sir Henry Parkes.of New South Wales, towards the olose of a long life, during which he has enjoyed almost unparalleled oppor tunities for enriching himself, is now necessitated to dispose of his library and art collections by. art union. At Rupanyup, Victoria, on the 13th inst., Mrs. Leeson,; aged 79, wassitting by her, fireside, when she was seized with a fit and fell upon tho burning wood. When found by her husband she was in flames. ?anci uentii Leiuiimuuu nm auuoriu^s luur hours after the accident. — At Auckland. N-Z., recently, four men attempted to 'grease' a baker for saying something offensive to a young woman. They tried to strip the baker, whose resistance, how ever, was effectual, and they then poured grease over his coat and trousers. — A boy named Archibald Ferguson was engaged in harrowing at Auckland, when the horses bolted, and the hook of the traces caught him in the abdomen, ripping him in a terrible manner. He died shortly after wards. — At Brisbane, Queensland, three dairymen were charged with adulterating milk to the exttnt of 19, 39, and 25 per cent, ot water respectively. Laval s ereaui .separator would have a poor show in Bris bane:— A boy ; named Dale, residing at Rosewood, Queensland^ was using a shingling hammer, when the head flew off and struck his sister, aged 12, in the' left eye, rupturing the eyeball. — At the Ade laide Criminal Sittings, on 8th inst., Franz Rousch, an Austrian, was sentenced to 15 years' imprisonmont for a murderous assault on Ernest Ramon, a German, near Roberts Town.— Mr. AVanliss, farmer, who has been a resident of the Majorca district, .Victoria,. for 25 ; years, was thrown from his horse on 10th inst. and killed. When found one leg was against the fence, and thebody was lying along the ground, the face being pressed- hard against a log. ?Death had apparently ensued from suffo cation; caused- by this means while the deceased was insensible. ..There were no, bruises -? nor bones broken, ionly a' slight scratoh on the hand. — The man ? Neville, who was arrested on sus picion of- causing the death of a little , girl named O'Brien, at Narrahdera,N. S.W/., con fessed on 14th inst. that, seeing her alone, he took her away for the purpose of com mitting an outrage upon her. Whcu he made the attempt the child screamed, aiyl in desperation he took her to it waterhole in the vicinity and hold her head under water until she was dead. He subse quently removed the body to some distance in the bush, and placing a heavy stone on her chest decamped. — During tho perform ance of Ridgo's United States Circus afr Ballarat, Victoria, on 12th inst., the seats broke and about 100 people were thrown down a (distance of about 8ft. A man named Peter Co«hrano, residing at Penny weight, had his leg broken, another person two ribs broken, and several others were badly shaken. Cochrane was taken to tho hospital. The management announced that they will give a benefit for the injured persons. — While a_ servant named Annie Herman was putting the youngest child of her master, Mr. M'Kay, of Hcathcote, Victoria.-, to sleep, either her clothes or the bedding caught fire, aud sho was seen ihrough the window to be running about enveloped in flames, and before she could bo reached bIio was severely burnt from her feet to her nock, and succumbed vioxt day to her injuries and tho shock to the system. On the 9th instant] a Brisbane grocer was charged with selling coffee containing 05 per cent, toreign matter, and was dis charged because he was only the owner of the coffoe and not the person who served the sample in question. — On the 12th instant Colonel Ike Austin, who recently out his throat with a pocketknife at Bundaberg, Queensland, inflicting a dangerous wound, was brought before tho local Bench, charged with attempted suicide, and ivas dis charged. — A case has boon partially heard at the Ballarat County Court in which Mrs. Falconet',, keeper of .the Kohinoor Private Hoppital, sues Archdeacon Julius for J325O damages for injuries sustained in receiving, as a patient a Mrs. Leigh suffering from religious mad ness, but guaranteed to bo harmless. The plaintiff was assaulted by tho 2-iiitieut, and her arm broken or rendered temporarily useless. — At the Supreme Court, Adulaidc, on 14th[ inst., Owen Richard Opio was seutenceel to si,x months' imprisonment for firing at Thos. J. Price, a schoolmaster at WallaroD, on Sopt. 17, ho bulioving Price had abducted his sister. Price was then acquitted on a charge of abducting Ellen Opie, it girl under 15. The evidence showed that the girl was not happy at home and had been beaten by her * mother. Price gave her £3, with which 3I10 wont to Kangaroo Island and stayed with his brother. — On 14th inst., Edward Gathorne, a clerk in the Queensland National Bank, Brisbane, was found lying untloL- a tree, dead. He had gone out for a walk two days before, and not returning, his wife instituted a search. The cause of death is not known. — Iu connection with tho Hutt tiwrintr and feathering case at Wellington, N.Z., the charge made against Muir of stealing a ring from the hon. P. A. Buckley's house has been withdrawn. — Frederick Xisler, chief clerk of the Victoria Insurance Com pany branch in Dunodin, N.Z , was on 13th instant arrested on a charge of embezzle ment. The deficiencies aro alleged to amount to i-500. — Nellie Barlow, aged 35, a. servant iu Melbourne, went to sleep on 13th instant and left tho caudlo burning. The heavy curtains of thu bod caught fire, and when the woman tried to escape the bed clothes were also on fire, and she wns suffocated and burnt to a cinder. — George Merfin, tinsmith, of South Mclbournc.took an overdose of chlorodyno on 12fch instant, and died before remedies could be applied. — The inhabitants of Little Nelson-street, Williamstown, found their water supply suddenly out off on l'ith instant, and ifc took some time to discover tho cause. It was a very fat eel some 3ft. long, which had given up the ghost with his head jammed in the service pipe. The fish must liave travelled from the lran Yenn reser voir by way of the main, over a score of miles, until fate ended his existence in this peculiar way. The insanity of the man Joseph Herron, who, about a week ago, created such excitement by his mad escapade in the Melbourne General Cemetery, where he destroyed a number of plants and shrubs on graves, has now been proved, and he will be despatched to a luuatic asylum. To the sudden death of his young wife some time ago is attributed his condition of mind. — An arrest which oc casioned some surprise was effected one: day last week, in Bourke-street, Mel bourne. Mr. M. Van Burgh, the Mel bourne representative of the American Hep Bitters Company, was standiug iu Bourke-street iu conversation with Jlr. Pirani, attorney, when Police Constable Trenkenen proceeded to enforce the move on filausf- JTp. nilorroR t.im.t. ATi- Von T?/-wrl. would neither observe the by-law nor give his name, and so he arrested him and took him to the City watchhouso. He was soon after bailed out. — William Henry Wilkin son has been committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court, Melbourne, upon a charge of making a false declaration upon the occasion of his marriage, on the 18th August, 1880, with Ellen Theresa Bradford. The perjury consisted in his swearing that he was over tho age of 21 years, whereas it was proved in evidence that he was born upon 3rd November, 1862\. — Sir John Coode is at present en quiring into the wharfage improvement scheme for Sydney.— Lieutenant Mul holland has been further requisitioned to oppose Mr. Suitor, and has also been asked what sum would be sufficient to com pensate him. for resigning tho position he holds. Lieutenant Mulholland replied he cannot ? alter 1 his former decision. — The South Australian Government have intro duced proposals for a stamp tax, and for increasing the probate and , succession! duties.; Considerable oppositioa is antici pated. 