(Coanelded.) t t Weld, as I have said tb~ebil, es it new i tanle, is ihe beat site on Ihe pruotd. itand-. ° fing upmon its alope, the eye qstas ovry flot is of the course, And cao I obors tHris, I din. - cover that a 0n training gromnd, ore mile is sround, has been recently mades twithin s1h 1t cirole of the course. Jonathan, the womhy rI anger,telhl me that it is t soned?t hraining El f grosnd on the otiole thrca h ided is:d tranty P ores, and that It is bathI onni??lnehsafl hion- e atone reek and nnoe moase it lotoan sand, onad l? e tan, in the mo0t approved fal-inoer. Tosttor, t as he points or-- a?eay to the left, are the a Seand takh,arnendahall?ti?s;,thaono1mileta, .? e t and the one mile inders. I am told with a ft ceortain pride,ths the rolliag ntd harrowing, I ,aud such lil work in connection with thien i e tracks, isnvolve a aanoual Itlfour c?-ari;g a a dintaneo of 7u00 miles. In summer the tracks i Sar regularly watered erasy day. I We dtaserd from the Hill aid tut' e tIe o a ppsaoge which laead to the eoand&-statd nd I t the lawn. Here, shortly, w?il be huit a o e coverea way, throerhahleh tle raiitetouc, Iey r wil prae, wotan aod uneoitidsed hby the bahoter I o eoay. ledt tiat tO?s is the jeoeslal ebjoat of v ; the impr.vomeot, whioh indeed is pr?esotd it r for the purpose of sttll frthor ilereaedng the reoys rees and area of the Hitl. V s, Jonathan, big in the prid'of his oniee, pro. I e donos bie keys with that air of rstonasibility i which might attach to an old than butter, as he leads the way to an luopetion of the glories I of the eatler. And now we perceive the full v development of a scheme, which has been oa t made in the interdSts of that other eolea it i A the public, the members of which, so to say, a a- travel with first-class ticekotein the trains of a ! amusement atrano times. This is the swell'o I I region, and proper recognitioo of its superior to rereuiremnt is evident on all ides. I 2t Placse auz damesls Lot as enter, timidly nd s at nervously, yet with that eager cariosity with t rn which inoacent haobhtorhood regards every. I ro thing connected with the Indies and their sacr. I- roundings. This is one of the retiring rooms. 0\. Nay, by to n maes I but I must laugh. The t d most promnoent furniture in this gorgeons r 10 aptment consists of mirrore I Mirrorslargeo, A mirrors small; mireors which reflect the fte a d and bust only, and largo chea l glasses, which I o give forth to the inquitsidve lair the reflex of a h. the whole of the gleries of her form and. cor I e toime. Hero, no quesOton, the dainty maids and 5 matronewho bloom on tho lawn dtotring Cup 1 r wek, and wehoso gy and brilliant attire rival t I. Mir. Mooro's man.tifg hlosomnti of many co)o* I red hahe-- here, I say, vaithin thee rooms (fcr dtheem axe two each 140 feet l?son) might be I wseein and heard much by thephlloeogher (were be h invible) which woul improve his knowledge" of the femim'l e n gtotr. What ar pleasse, gratifled vanity, 9innocnt trinmnph, to mortified pride, do light, nod disatisfaortio, Shave theem mirrors in turn reetdd, and shali f d. again reflect 1 How many a womanlE heart , hhts beaten high, or lowered its p auhes, as aheeo a henosttell.tales,etssten?ilalides, ha ivonbaeck to a truthful ana?or to wietf- il or ea;crfomihine t iquiry d Iwondr whrtinrhir. looroehuekleo Sas he loks arotnrd at thilo room. For mnS'elf, I own I burst out leughilstg But not alone :mirrors for tho_1tlio.e. E'verything the oharmers ned ? s provided. H?ere and there em hung "hrausewloss," filied io with needles, silla,, ottos, pins, and the tho t sand and ono contriwiones with whichs la women "fis" themselves. If an awkward o eavitUer tread upon a lady's train and rip?f its ti "gathers," all ohs has to do is to repair,to of one of these dainty apartments, where she a. will find appliances for amemdylog the evil, ,a and recoverlng lir compilaeney'by noting as the facial ftect ofl-s e temper in a looking. to glass. Aid "ff, hapl theasun may have r burnt; wih Ma -fmeroue glareoss, her fair ill oheeke or delicate" nose, hera sheall eha fad lie cold eream, or violet :powder, or toilette Be vinegar, or somue sah dtltnest preparation to reolioveherswee?a ieago: whlla sh may aneuage . her annoyancnd e and relieve her flinge by the to application of the weelling smate provided by so excellent Mr. Moore. y George I I thiak that, all things considered, that gentleman asohld be the'sht landed man in Victoria, among the ladies at any rate, during Oarnival wee airk. al Flowers are, ot orsie, distributed in every 0o part of these aparth'ntes, for theti greater Sadornment. Out flors arec also provided; so that's lady needino g some delicate blosom to still further enhaneo her charms, may ?rdl rit to her hand. Gre a of rfower for this par. 0o e are brought from t a h dietriets as pro. Sdes them cerlier thore hereboat s. etven 0 Sydnayoeotribatko its contiegent of blossoms -ansong which the Warrateatis ever promi. n ent. All this it gailant work; but it is no Sless policy. While it glves pleatnre to the 1fair, t no leseb hor ga grist to the amil]. A canning gentleman is Mr. ymron fo.ro; It seams a coarec matter, but neally I think I am as muth interested in the next apart. metat into which I am introduced. We have looked upon the purely mothetic and poetic featuares of a rasameeting; lot asnow inspect the more natural attraetions. i ere, my friend, I k is where King Appetite is assuaged. Observe that thi is s the lunheon room, and canider what a speemsaoh it mutt present daring race week. It is silent and empty enough now, I though one might fancy ghosts of departed I re~velleres flit abht nasaon, yet hungry; balt I1 the course of a couple of months its lofty Sepace shall Chae is the ps ef ehamOpagno ° corks, the crunch of teeth, the bustle; and laughter, and, truth to cay, vulgar hubbub I h and eonfuolon of each aesemblieh . Flowers e again will he seen in profusion. Why not ? t Doe not cao? enjoy soch matters the better, for dainty and refining eurroaoding. If it t be pleasant to the aye to gsza upon a boned v ourkey or a raised pie, is not it thie more eo to let it rest awhile open the sweetnese and freahness of bloom and blossom ? Who does t not appreciato the effect of the dainty fernl. tare of a dinner tble ? Who then bshall not applaud the consjuntion of eoah influences as are afforded by the presence of "sweet flwor s. SNay, the taste i classia, and has the authority of the b-st traditions. I e The Govomnor's a?ariments are all that 1 they should be. Pleasant it be a Governor I 0 should osy-at raeatimes anyway. At ether I times, when pestered by dull "statesmen" and vulgr pretension, tinhe post may realise the axiom that "All that ghltemisbot gold." It most indeed be hard work sometimes, play. d ing Govrrner, and esoth to ray must involove San ctlra crnployment oI that suasve l hypocricy with which social illusione are soup. ported. But here, away frem the disabllties e of his offic, he and his lady wlto and brave yarogsters end gallntisults,mutahave I a high old time of it. I peep into the pantry whencea te good things aro sreoned. Tes- 2 there are times when I would be a Governor, For truly wen treat our Governore'better ha the matter of feeding than fell to the lot of the d Shonest rUr of Btratarila, who got nethheg to Ssat yoa will remember, but argument and pronmse. " This is the Press room. Theose stain lead to the compartmowt whene-the reording r angels' take note and notieoc or the mncs. A Every eonveniaoes is provided for thse t t worthy people. In that diviesion at thsnd tt Sare plaoad the telegraphii operatoras. What a J ump all this, from the time whon the flrb ourse in Aotratnlia wap fonded by the fine r genatlemen of His MIjetye's 101st rogimnoa of noot. a The seidling paddoek, or where the gentle Smen of the ring de rongregae to do their business ordo somobody elohe's, le, as all the world knows, undr the 1ill, to the wes ot I Sthe stand. Here too a variety of improve-. meats hav been made, all tlending to the i taoiltafip 1Lyea ai t CSrniial o the ytar. Yarier the ?as atand, wlieein the arbiter at gn a.W.' tt elf. By my faith I It tO tInh'?t'? nya'n miriathas hseard. "t?. ]tjecottifo,e thclfistot a judge of law, theu hane Ftizandc who have marked that ol a pe'Jtw of a race. Is S?is tie'w tad evoarlaps the old one, and of h bul up oa an rea of land scooped out ofat the hill. The cruh and crowdlng, which of bi late yeaoc maroel the plearanr of so many, di iv now aetdcrd. The rush will be for the now st stmnt, and the raoe to the swiftest. The ci ladire, vwhese robes are a higher consideration d than a heirs race, may thertore move more a lcIsnrety with their eorort', and talke thqir c placrs in the old ltand. The ibresight which d ad Che eoem itdee to adopt this plan goes to, a chow again their esaelbility to the claims of V pnblia corenrirnee. Bat lot ca zet ct, aneosi the lawn, and on ' t 'ISt thea Itied walls and ranger's c ttage. L abt.rvc that derpentsrc and painters are hard at w'rk,,and learn that they are the amplaogt at the clhb. All work, whether of oraftt, or farm, or garden, is done by men egaged on 0 the estate. Tie worknroHeUs of carpentere, hlackamiths, pyinters, p?int to the ciremm- 1 atance that there is enough to keep hnoanes t brisk the year round. The farm work is ox. ten?ivo, eonasi-ing in barrowing, carting, I mowing, and onelh lic oparation,. Hay cr gromn for the work tlo,?erauc, st whlh there ne elev?eeo- such anih?mlr an are rarely seen, eave in a brevnr's lorry, qr a hoses show. at cnd I tstyIn they seem to have a good time of it, with a splendid stable in whiols to pass their I hours of ease arrd munch their aswret hay. By I lh a way in whieh Joa?athsa poess hincetlf as we regard some of these brave creatures, I gather that he takes rare pride and eatidae i bion In them. On pleaeant lines, truy, is east the lot of I honest Jonathan . Ie has been aeociated I with the course for more than twenty years, and may he said to be part and pareal of the institution. llere is his cttange standing on a gentle elope, and ambosoemae in flowers and shrubberies. From the vrerndal I watch" the coaching of the youngsters on the trades. I There are some twenty ef them, each, doubt less, as much a sabjeot of anxiety and hope I I and fear to his trainer, as hipeds, on their en. tranc into life ooneern their mothers and fathers. Indeed, there is not a little which is alike, and rnas parallel to- the ceare of a Schild's life and that at a oelt or filly. Each trains for the prizes of line, In some form er c another, and a sknilar pirture is presentod in Seiher case of the rarlty of success and the a coentancy of falela. A few come to he Sfront, and a fet semaln them--like eld ioem. A motibn-stently contending against an new comers. But what becomes of the rauIk, I whether human or equine ? Do they not p eas into the oblivion of forgetfulneae ? Are they not merg~d into the common lot, and labor oat their lives in humble.nhadow ? I often think that a uop winner is like the e belle of a London season, or a society beauty, a who rarely shines in the firmament oft fash. teionable saprice or whim, more than once. And yet see how eager the women are it tshine even for this brief spase I Perhaps the motire may be the speculatfon, and the value of notoriety may be turned to as happy t account in the ease of the woman as in foe a case of the horsy. - k But what is alt this I I note 'that ?ona. ta han is eyeing me fortively, as I stand In his a verandah thus re9oeetng; and I d'oubt not I, that he thinks the oecellent whiskey to which we have been treated in his hoseo has proved s. too mach for my weak brales. Ent I tell 1\. him Iwas thinking that had I the cheiee I d would rather IIve in his cottage than in a Government H~ce, in which, indeed, Is sober I tm?th. At wech htP'foee relaxes, and though Shbe ansawer anghing, he looks the hbonmit gratificatcoln my poor compliment has in. Ssptred. \- nathan'e, garden ts a very.glory et blow. I, eome. Parilhelarlyram I attraeted by the g native heaths,wlich ar cnltivated inre. It is a popular delusion among amateur gardeners, Sthat the heath will not bear translation to 'r aidhal treatment. "That" says oar ofearone, d "is Fimply beeauose they knew nothing about a the mattar"-an explanation I fancy, of the a majority of popular delueions. * Attaahed to the cottage is a small green. bhoce, where pot plants are placed la plenty. Sometimes, you see, in this ecentrio climate, the clerk of tho weather phlys ead pranks to. wa ards the end of October. The wind and rain combine to mar the oompleteness of the floral t decorations of lawn and avenue. In that ease, the remedy is at hand. The pot plants are beriod in the earth, and heeye is satisfied. e There is surely something of onthUasiem in these fond precautions on the part of MIr. Ma oore, to complete the glory of the plaeo, at Od ?ival time. Of the farneries, the Ivied halls, the "her. Sdning house," in which ptlats are pospared for planting out; of the kedges of gasato and mases of pittespernm, of the plants. tione right and left, and the whole further details of this most pleasant spectaclo, I speak no mere. Let me hope that there will be low of my readers who will not judge for themselves in the first weak of November, and thatefthethtoaesads upon thousandswhethem crowd the Hill and Lawn and Stand and Flat, there will be as few tosensible to the scrcau. stanme that in converting the public portion t of Flemlngton racecourse into a speetes of a great garden, much has been done to forward the intereste of the popular sport and elevate its character by its assoolations. We may be aura of this, that the less horseraeing is made purely a business for the gambler, and the I more its brave inflaeaces are associated with beauty and refinement and honest wholesome etejeyment, the more eartainly will its pope. larity expand and grow. Yonder, on the now track are a dozte beanties taking their gallops, As our trap ascends the geatle slope of the new members' road I watch them, and marvel not at the stobng hold the sport they eeafer upon as should have upon sooiety. Nor do I wonder wither that people who delight in such speats should hav beeoon, and should still be distinguished above all others, for their sturdy indepoendencosand robust manliness of oha. raster. 