BRIC-A-BRAC. [Br W ITE MYBTLE.] The sentences recently passed upon Carmichael, ToPhw ,naud Phillips--thethree Brisbane garotters whe, for several days, the theme of considerable com ment. The general opinion was that, although the penaltes were unusually, severe, they were richly adeeeed. In a few days the subject almost faded ftrtrthe public memory, but it was brought back. vblr 'foriibly, by the published accounts of the fogglgs administered to the criminals on Saturday last. The question of flogging has once more come up for discassion, and the judiciousness of using the sa sa means of physical punishment or moral reform is being debated. Ae a means of physical suIering it is a three-star success. An instrument withlknotted whip-cord at one end and a strong man at tse other could.not well be otherwise. The man help the whip-cord, and the whip-cord undorlhtedly hip the man. The ceremony of flogging is very smle, and can be performed at a triliug expense. Only two men and a whip are needed, but the matinee is:ecry one-sided, inasmuch as only one man plays wlth e whip. The attention of the other man, who mght- nmerelj'forthepurpoaeof distinction-becalled ".t patient,' taken up principally with trying not teyel, .Oceasionally, however, the effort becomes alghtly wearisome, and he varies the proceedings by meditittng at the top of his voice. By the time the performance is concluded, even soliloquy is relinquished for a reticent mood, " the patient" bgiq.,dbp of conversation and careless as to p?gapre. .otosr call this last act "fainting," or ·"ppeope"' or something of that kind, but then dotors bare funny names for things. Any way, for a long time after the matinee "the patient" displays an inooequerable aversion to lie on his back at night, «r?,on dnring the day. Oh, yes, as a means of ssisl ferig, flogging is one of the grandest triumphs of osience in this or any other centnury. ,an;aid to moral reform, I have some doubts as to ii.poteocy. I have not been able to trace s.aisftatly the career of any criminals after they ve been flogged. My sentences were always longer than theirs, and, when I got out, the other vilkl ooeid sot be found; consequently I have no rllihbis intelligenceof their reformation. They may bq':tembers'f' Parliament somewhere, but the chances are inet this bappe ing. Indeedl, I am yllsd toinklthat, when a manbhas been whipped, he is likeyuo turn out an Ishmielite. As a de terreant, I eald take whip-cord to be one of the beat spe?fips kiown; of its morally curative effects I kdWiiothiog. I am inslined to think, however, that a long term of imprisonment would act as well. LM itih knownis that any dangerous crimiu.al, upon eadfHbtIbbthall 'never again be at liberty-shall be toVphtr prebented from having an opportunity to rT??at'l i's.msdeeds-and 'the effect will be very saidsfactory. Besides, sooiety woold feel, and would tbe, at whenlt knew that practically ther; was one sdrel less in the world. If the garotter, the assalter of females, the burglar, were prevailed mhfih-4ler by moral suasion orphysical coercion to seelode themselves for a number of years (or for lif~) the public would reap the benefit. The criminals themselves would be out of the way of tefstition; and they would be compelled to earn, orsrtly earn, their own living honestly, which is wfn tthe'tnoet of them don't do at present, and aEfri iaOI, if their wishes are consulted. Tei New'Giesaquestion, although it was a burn lo e ra good while, seems latterly to have be co ell-~nigh extinguished. Still, recent develop ts have hown that a few glowing embers can y~et~'btiked'from the ashes of the nearly defunct. It will be remembered that inquiries were, some time ago,' dise as 'to whether the Home Government wo?"ld asit in the liquidation of the expenses con newteid i t the' rule over British New Guinea. A cablegram subsequently arrived to the effect that th'"dlllksh authorities were favourably inclined to plank" down something, but to what extent the Splanking" wbuld go was not quite so clear as Aus trali counld' have wished; and conjecture was fnulle. (By the way, I have noticed that conjecture Is very otsn futile.) We are nowaseured that Eng laais's conttsibtion towards the expenses of British ralseis thudlark continent is to consist solely of a vessel worth-no, corting--£18,000 when delivered atl>New GOinea. "Only this, and nothing more," as my old play-mate, E. A. Poe, observed on one oc eaib.'1;rThis offer is so stupendous in munificence that, one would naturally conclude, it is made only on certaiii6ohditons. The conclusion is a correct one., Before the colonies will be permitted to ae cept~eoferi, 'they must guarantee £15,000 yearly, and must also provide "any further expenditure th"t'tuay: approve." In other words, pay as much more as may be required. When these bonds shall hane been enterd .into, and not till then, we can have that floating palace already alluded to. Just • - .." " . Picture it-think of it; . r '' ' Then-if you can" try o'grasp the mighty condescension ! It will take you all your time, I know. It took me all mine. TIE' is about how the thing stands: If we pay all the expeses connected with the establishment and supportof a Crown colony in New Guinea, and be good chfldln, we are to receive a present of a ship. To *bs,wasreergretfetly eompelledto eay, "Never mre '-- tbhat is, "Not much l" The Imperial pr"psition has a one-sided look about it, viewed from ourn atandpoint. We are as far from a settle mentas ever. We are expected to furnish all the mean for the pride and pomp of the New Guinca Court; and we want to know what that Court isgo Indotdo for us. Not much that I can se. Besides, wo is'eto have control over the potentate at whose frown twenty-five white men will tremble? In case of some trouble between his uoljects and those por sons ob the other side of the dividing-fence, will he hatto twait instructions from Dowimug-street before be an make i move ? When he does get them, he may be told to Lnuckle down to a certarn European sovereign who has located himself on the allotment next toronr potentate's camping-ground. There is nothing elligerent abot us; but we could not stand much of that sort of thing, especially when we have to pj'fibr it. It is all very well to say, "Oh, the GladstoneGovernmentis out now; no moretruckling to His Mark." The Gladstone Government may be "i" next November; and, even if not, the Salisbury Ministry.-now matter how courageous they may prowse to be- will not always rule. Are we to be at the mercy of Downing-street for ever-no matter wholla enthroned there? Until we receive some definite information on the above points, not even the chanoe of possessing a pre-Adamito ship will tempt ms to forget our interest in the new land, and our right to be consulted when matters affecting its destiny are in question. Considerable discussion has arisen, both in and out of Parliament, respecting the grant to the widow of the late 'MNi "ustice Pring. It is a delicate matter. certainly; bat when the public purse is concerned conmoant is admissible and justihable. It must be tolerably evident that it is the duty of all men with wives ppd families to provide for them in case death should, ase away their head. A man who does not do this, in somo form. is guilty of gross neglect; and few there aie who cannot make such provision. If a man's income will not permit of tile laying aside ofa neastegg. he can, in most instances, take refuge in life assurance, or in the benefits offeredl by our varip?ss friendly societies. Mr. Pring does not ap pear to have manifested that fore-thought which I am 4yvocting; and, the result is that, notwith standling his large income, an appeal has ihd to be made to the country for pecuniary aid in hi, family's behlif. 'This is a disappointing fact, ,but I am of opinion that the aid should be given, simply on the ground that it would be creel to let the family suffer on accountof the deceased's lack of prudence. Of course, similar applications may lee made in time to come. and civil servants mnay be tempted to be ex travagant through relying on the off chance that, when theydie, the country might help to support theirfemiliec. Iu order to prevent anything of the kind, civil servants should be compelled toaubscribe to snepe friendly organisation. or to aReure their lives, or to t?ke some steps to protect their families from want and thedisagreeable consequenceof subsistence on charity. Parliament has presented a rather unusual aspect this 'week. There has been some "obstruction" going on. The Elections Bill is before the Houoc just now, and the Opposition have suddenly become alermed at the past unholy actions and presaumedl bias of the elections tribunal, which is at present, and alwavs has been, I think, composed of a cvm. mittee of members of the Legislature. The bill, if passedl, will increase cxisting penalties for corru t practices connected with elections; ann I lh.: penalties, say Her Majesty's Opposition, ane (o0 great' to be assigned to the service of a prejudiced enmnilttes. Personally, I think they arj rluite right in their contention. They spoil themaelv-e, however, when they insist that amendments intro duced by a private member of the House shall form. p.,t of the Ifll, with the object of relegating all ,;.eim disputes toa Judge of the Supreme Court. This would be a very important alteration in our constitutional procedure, the responsibility of which should rest upon the Government. Besides this, as the Premier has explained, the bill should not be hampered by such an amendment. The bill has one object, and the amendment has another. Yet "the other side" have become so conscience-stricken that they are determined that sleep shall not visit their eyes, nor slumber their eye.lihds, until that amend mend is yanked in. The Government is equally determined that no round pegs shall be placed in square holes, if they can prevent it. Mr. Griffith has made overtures as far as is consistent with his position. But, no; unless aSupreme CourtJudge is assigned the task of deciding ballot equabbles, &c.;, the Opposition are determined to court death, and welcome it in all its hideousness. Such a moral "awakening" I have never seen before. I was under the impression that conscience in political matters had long since fled, shrieking, from the breasts of Mulgrave's following. It seems not. however. Ghoste that will not be laid have stalked forth from their hiding-places, and, although gener. ally supposed to be impalpable, are sitting heavily upon the members to the left of the Speaker's chair. What has canused this "revival" in such unpromis. ing and case-hbardened material no one knows; but it is causing joyful surprise to all who hear of it. Indeed, it may be safely asserted that, after this stampede towards political reform, the necessity for the bill is gone. Any way, the spectacle of sIo many penitents is well worth a trip to Brisbane to see. [Since the above was written (as the newspaper people say), the "penitents" have agreed to a com promise.] 