Melbourne. February 11. Sir William and Lady Des Voeux | arrived here from New Zealand yester- 1 day by the steamer Tarawera. Power, the famous buslirauger, who was released from Pentridge on Monday, wants to start a riding school and a hotel. It is reported some lady whom he once protected is willing to assist him. There is little or no betting on the Newmarket Handicap and Cup. Sir Garnet is firm for the handicap at 100 to 10\. 100 to 4 and 3 has been taken about Leporello, while the same price has been accepted about Mascott, Xantippe, Velo cipede, Surrey, the Ghost, Surprise, Mnlua, Carbuncle, and Zeno, to 'win small amounts. No betting is announced on the Cun. The conference between the Trades Hall Council and the employers of labor iu the' boot trade which had assembled for the purpose of settling the strike, cou cluded its final meeting last night, when Mr. Herrie's resolutions that the recom mendations of the conference be sub mitted to the Bootmakers' Union as basis of a settlement of the dispute, were carried. The rejection of the principal resolutiou, granting permission for work to be executed outside of the factories under certain conditions, is probable. If the union will accept the resolutions the strike will be terminated. Tuesday last was the date fixed for the commencement of simultaneous action throughout the colony with a view to exterminate the rabbit pest. Fresh ar rangements have been made for carrying on the worK by all tue shire councils in whose territory the plague exists. The Government have engaged 200 men, who will co-operate on the unoccupied Crown lands An importantmemorandum relative to the annexation question has been for warded by Mr. Service to the Governor. In the first place, Mr. Service points out that the colonies agreed to contribute £15,000 towards the expenses of the New Guinea protectorate ou the Assumption that the protectorate would :embrace tbe whole, of the island except the portion claimed by Holland. He refers to the disappointment and surprise caused among the colonies by subsequent events, j After setting forth the first three resolu tions passed at the Sydney Convention, and the objects which the colonies had in ] passing the/n, Mr. Service defines tbe j present position of affairs as follows : — Iu the first place, that the Impe rial Government have failed in secur ing us the main object of our represen tation ; secondly, they asked us to double our contributions without assigning suflicient cause ; thirdly, they have given us no definite information as to the extent of Major-General Scratchley's jurisdiction : fourthly, they have sub mitted no Kcheine— not even an estimate of tbe probable expenditure — iu connec tion with the new territory which Major General Scratchlty is to govern ; fithly, they have announced through Mr. Com missioner Scratch ley, without auy com munication with the colonies — to say nothing of asking their consent — that the whole expenditure is to be borne by tbe colonies. Mr. Service expresses his disappointment at the attitude assumed by the Imperial Government in that respect, and says that the colonics should have a limit to their responsibilities clearly defined, or that they themselves should have control over the expendi ture. The Government have placed their share of the £15,000 for the year ending in June next at the command of Major General ficratchley, and have decided, (lending further information, to recom mend Parliament to continue the con tribution, but will not recommend any increase till furnished with further in formation. The memoraunum JxmclOTes j wi tli - he request that his Exoellency will i forward a copy of the memorandum to? the Secretary of State for the colonies. 