TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. ' . , . ' Bv Abjioitpxs. SatiU'dny Inst .'brought with it demonstrative erldence.ot.-tho rapidly increasing popularity of tlio win tor steeplechase reunion held under the auspices of .the V.1.,C. Undoubtedly strong a3 is tbo public ptnclfiinl for tbo cross country sport, tbo aspcot of tbo elements was thought to be sullicienlly discouraging to dnmp tho .ardor of turf goers in' general ; and on arrival at Flqmingtbhby tlio first spccia), so unpromis ing did affairs look that financially tho prospect was the rovcrso of. being hopeful. As tho time drew nigh for the initial ovent, howover, each succeeding special bcca o more crowded, while the road traillc likowiso developed, and as the afternoon advanced tlio attendanco became particularly imposing, thns allaying tho doubts raised during tho forenoon. Taking into con sideration tho uuiviting stato of affairs, both over head and , under foot,, tho "gato'! was highly 'satisfactory, and furnished a tolerably good' indication of "tho , enormous crowd that would have assembled had the weather been more propitious. " Tito ' recherche character of tho bill of fare was such as to arouse high ex pectation in. tho matter of sport, and it is enough to , say that no disappointment was ex perienced in this'vcspoct. Tito followers of tho "claret and Eton, blue" did, jiot.disguise the fact that they had a real good tiling in.Hippogriff to open 'business with - in the . Maiden ilnrdie Race, and Corrigan's apponranc'o in the saddle was the signal for a general demonstra tion 011 behalf of the soii of AlditigaandHippona, whose V.R.C. Derby forot, combined with tho knowledge of h'tiri being a perfeot fencer, was a sufficient recommendation. Tho sequel proved that 110 mistnko had'beon made, for tho favorite liad everything settled at the liotno turn, whore Corrigan canto leisurely away, and won with ridieulous ease. Although only a 3-year-old, Hippogi'iff shaped like li well trained veteran at the game, and the eolt evidently has a protnis- ng career, before him. T. Jone3, who has previously displayed his ability in tho success ful education of jumpers, is deserving of credit for tho accomplished stylo in which he turned out tlio winner, who was nothing but a raw colt when seen at Flomington last spring. Ilis ap prenticeship to tho jumping - business has been as brief as, it is effective. Sea Breeze showed fair form by getting second, but I doubt whether his ultimate prospects over the small sticks aro as encouraging as thoso of Duration, who will .yet display his exccllaneo when nioro an fait in negotiating the hurdles. Tho Ace and Insolvent will likowiso appear, to . more advantage with continued praotieo, nnd Raven may also some day compensato thoso who planked down tho dollavs so confidently on his behalf. No mistake was made in serving up Reticent so .warmly for the Maiden Steeple chase ; the favorite fenced in faultless fashion, and waited patiently upon Lady Ashton till within half a milo from hotuo, whore tho Gipps- land bred horse had Mr. Pearson's mare at his mercy, and cantered home tho remainder of tho journey. As Reticent is an accomplished fencer, possessing no ordinary turn of foot, his maiden win on Saturday last promises to bo the precursor of a series of more important vic tories. There was sotno disappointment occa sioned by tho smallncss of tho Held for tho Grand National Ilurdlo Race, for which Sheet Anohor created quite a furore, and eagerly fol lowing tho Dowling Forest tip, tho public severely ignored the chances of the remaining candidates. Tho faith in Sheet Anchor was so ardent that ho left the pnddocl: at tho bare odds of 5 to 4. Tho Agent people, however, were in no way scared, and tho strong partiality ex hibited for Sheet Anchor enabled them to obtain a fair price about their horse, When half tho journoy hod been traversed tho favorite's elianeo was extinguished through Omadhaun falling in front of him, thoroby impeding Shoot Anohor to auoli an oxtont as to vendor his prospects hope less. Meanwhilo Guardflsk lind elected to out out tho ranning nt a groat pace, though Tho Agent always' kept within hail, and coming away In the straight Forguson was enabled to take all sorts of llbertlos In tho run homo. Quardtlsh was ridden in a most extraordinary' manner, being kept, at his top thorougliout, and rondorcd perfectly' helpless "when tho roiil struggle commenced in tho straight. Tho Grand National Stooplcoka9b was more remark able for a suocosslon of ugly spills than for an interesting display of fonolng. Ever ready to tako tho ci'O from tho Doivling Forest division, tho public lost no time in following the Morveu lead, and-tko well presorved Tasnianian eventu ally was invested with the honors of favoritism, albeit Mr, Martin Lougklin's second . string, .Wymlct, also had n numerouBcalliug of friends. Governor, too, was fancied ; neither were Den mark! Forester! Sailor, Progress and Leo with out thoir respective partisans. For a timo the jumping all rouud was very grand to'wiluess, but Granville ultimately initiated a. series of sad disasters, the victiniB in turn being Merndcr, Morvon, Moonlight, Forester, Leo, Trickctt, Governor, Minerva, Progress nnd Native. . The mishaps alluded to were mainly caused by the slippery state of the gronudaud the warm paco at .which -Denmark- took his field along. The heavy weight told.on the last named in the end, and -Wyinlet's. light impost serving him, - tho Dowling Forest second strihg effected an easy vicfory at. the finish- Dad not Wymlct's ability to safely negotiate the fences beoii a matter of some doubt he would have, received .the confi dence of his party in preference to Morvcn', who was thought to lie 'much the Safer lcapcr of the two, and received ' premier support in conso- queuce. Wymlct very ucarly came down on sepatate- occasions, and jumped so slpvenly - in front' of the stand! where Morrcn camo to grief, that it looked odds against the race going to Dowling Forest. Denmark inade an heroic struggle considering tho heavy' state of the ground, and although unsuccessful ho displayed sulllcient superiority under his crushing impost to indicate that lie still retains his form. It was a very praise worthy effort on tho part of Student to defeat Flambroiigli in the Selling Hurdle Race after the grnelling ho received earlier in tho day. The last named is evidently a waster, nnd deficient in courage necessary to successfully fight out a close finish such as that which re sulted between himself nnd Student. The Ghost proved his constancy by unexpcctedly tnrning up trumps in the Flat Race, for which Favor, Gardonia and Fernlca were each put about as good things in turn. Below the dis tance it appeared as if Plausible bad the race in hand, but The Ghost finally wore him down after an interesting strngglo, and thus brought matters to a satisfactoryJ?««/c. By way of kcepins pace with its numerous suburban rivals, the Williamstown Racing Club will again take the field this afternoon, when tho prospect of an afternoon's sport is suffi ciently inviting to attract a numerous gathering of visitors at tho pleasant seaside resort. Pro ceedings will be inangnrated by tbe Hurdle Race, the candidates for which number "no Jess than 25, from which it is anticipated that a largo field will be seen at the post. Tho quality of tho probable contestants is not very choico, however, and it would not surpriso me to see one of the top weights prove victorious, perhaps Bcllo Brandon or Agitation. The Railway Stakes may go to Gold Top or Brella, tho Steeplechase to Robin or Doceivor, and the Epsom Handicap to Phantom or Gipsy's Warn ing. . . Foulsbnm's team at Brighton is never without a "dark" horse attached thereto, and the mysterious member at the present timo is the Tasmaaian representative First Light, an aged horse, by Torchlight from Rosalind, engaged in tho OaulfleldCup nt 6 st. 91b. . On tiu-ningup his record I find that First Light won . several races in Tasmania last season, his premier perform ance being in tho Carrick Plate, of 2 milos, weight for age. Whon it is saidthat kewohtkis ovent easily, defeating Sheet Anchor (second), Signor (third), Blink Bonny, Anchorite, Meteor and Tho Queen, it will bo readily understood that ho is madoof tho material which tho canny Isaac will probably turn to profitable account. The islander has been doing famously since his sojourn at ' Brighton, nnd will bo well worth keeping nn oyo on. At one' timo it was doubtful whether the rac ing mon of Tasmania would bo ablo to sup port tbe annual steeplechase meeting at Campbelltown, but thanks to the- energy of soma of the more enthusiastic spirits in the northern portion of 'tho island the reunion is now definitely announced to takeplnco on 7th October. There will only be two events — Maiden Steeple, of 50 sovs. for the first horse, 10 sovs. for the second liovso, and third liorso to save his stake ; about 2 miles, welter weight for ago ; and Handicap Steeplochase,of A 150 for first horse, £25 for the second, and third to save his stake j about 4 miles. Nominations for tbo Handicap Steeplechase, or tlio Grand National as it is familiarly termed, havo to be madb on 15th August, weights are to bo published on tho 29th August, nnd acceptances and nomina tions for tho Maiden Steeplockase to bo made by noon of 12th September. Tlio committee havo expressed their willingness to add a Hunt Cup Rnco if tho members of tbo Northern and Southern Hunting Clubs will tako the matter up nnd subscribe tlie required amount. Tho excellent entries received by tlio V.A.T.C. secretary for tho mooting to bo bold nt Caul- field on tho 15th August afford additional proof of tho steadily increasing popularity of "tlio heath." For the Sapling Stakos, with which tho programme opeus, forty-six youngsters havo been nominated, and as tlio distaneo is only three furlongs, a numerous field may be antici pated with utmost certainty. Tho handsome bonus ot 200 sovs. to tho Ilurdlo Raco has attracted twenty-nine entries, amongst wkioli I notice most of tho competitors in tho recent Grand National Hurdio Raco, including the threo placed horses. Tho Soiling Raco has only half a dozen, which is porhaps as well, as tho complications in thoso events nro, as a rule, minimised in accordance with tho smallncss of tho fields. I certainly expected to sco more than, twenty entries for tho Cnulileld Grand National Steoplccliaso with its 350 sovs. added, but if tbo quantity bo somowbat disappointing, tho quality is all there ; for in addition to tho three placed horses in tho Into Grand National, tho list also includes Deceiver, Buzza, Lizotto, Morvon, Merndor, Stndloy, Native, Reticent, Govornor, Granville and Bob Cooper, all good performers over tbe big fences. That owners like short distnncobnndieaps at Caulfiold is clearly shown by tlio splondll ontry of 44 for tho Balaclava Stakes, of seven furlongs, which terminates an unusually .attractive programme the weights for which will ho declared on Mon day the 3rd August. In connection with the Sale Winter Sleeting,, to ho held on the 5th Augustj. entries were re ceived onSIonday for tho.Gippsland.HopBitters Handicap (13), Handicap nurdle Race (10) and Steeplechase (8). Saturday next, tke'lst August, is the day of general entry, and acceptance. For tho Wimmera Turf Club Jfeoting, to be held at Horsham on the 4th August, nomina tions were inado on Sfonday last, the nurdle Race closing with 8, the Flat ltacc 15 and tho Steeplechase 7. Applications have been invited by the Warr- nnmbool Racing Club from gentlemen desirous of filling the office of secretary, which has be- cotno vacant through the resignation "of Mr. Archibald. - ' The -annual" meeting of the Victoria Racing Club is to be held at Menzia's Hotel, on Monday tlio 3rd of August. Sir William Clarke and Messrs. C. B. Fisher, W. Pearson, G.; AVatson, S. Gardiner and S. Miller rotiro from tbe com mittee, but all are eligible for rc-elcct ion. The financial statement to be submitted contains iiiauj utu;i(»uiig tiuim, utiu iiwu u (jiiiiibv ov the receipts for the year ending 30tli June, 1885, I noto that tho bookmakers' registration fees amount to no less than £4009 10s., 123 being registered for the paddock, at £25 each, and 89 for the hill, at £10 10s. Tho general public will perhaps be surprised to know that of tlic fonr meetings held by the club last season three resulted in loss, tho deficits boing: — Winter Steeplechase Meeting, 1884, £15 lis. 2d.; New Ycai-'s Day Meeting, 1885, £600 17s. 3d.; and Autumn Meeting, 1885, £1693 5s. 3d.- These are formidable figures, but a glance at. the other side of tho picture shows that the olnb is enabled, even at a loss, to provide sport for" tho public at these seasons of tbe year by the splendid success of the Spring Meeting, which in 1884 returned a profit of £12,622 17s. lOd. ' It ntay also interest the racing public to know that 170 jockeys aro registered under the V.R.C. rules, at £1 each, and that the season's fines amounted to £128. At the annual meeting the following motion will be considered: — "That the com mittee be empowered to grant a gratuity for tho benefit of the widow and family of the late judge, Mr. James Johnston." Mr. Miles, of the V.R.C. office, lias completed his compilation of tho programme for the coining season, which is again presented in book form, containing full details and entries for coming events, records of past winners and a list of amounts to be submitted, with, general entries, tho latter being most useful to . owners and trainers, and saving them a lot of unneces sary trouble. The little book is well arranged, and as usual bears tbo unmistakable stamp of careful revision. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. held a sale of racehorses at Tattcrsail's Bazaar, Exhibition- street, on Monday, when -the following sales were effected:— Br c, 2 yrs., by St. Albans— Naomi, by Manuka, Mr. T. Jones,. 100 guinea ; Riverton, 6 yrs., by Ringleader, Mr. G. Glass cock, 40 guineas ; Concord, by Conrad, Mr. J. Cripps, 35 guineas. Monday last was a big clay m lito belling ring, settling over tbo late Grand National and Waterloo Cup meetings occupying' tho wholo of . the day. Many of tho book makers, anxious to hio away to Denili- quin, got through, their settling during., the day, and tho occasion of the general "rendezvous was utilised to execute one or two important commissions on future events'. For the Melbourno Cup, the owner of Coronet supported his horse so firmly as to place the Newmarket Handicnp winner at tlio head of the quotations, sidobyside with Commotion, whose popularity with tlio general publio will cause tho veteran to carry n ton of money should ho Geo tlio post. The Now Zealand re presentative, July, has also been heavily backed for- tho Cup, hut straight out betting on the Derby has only been conducted in fits . and starts. .'Tho confidence expressed openly by Dnnlop's owner in his colt's fitness and ability has dispelled tho shadow that recently en veloped tho son of Neckersgat and Etta, who is as good a favorite as anything, bar the Mari- byrnong Plato winner, Nowstead. A num ber of Wagci'3 havo been laid on the Caulfield Cup, for which event the prico may bo quoted as 1000 to 30 on tho field, a dozen different horses having been backed at this figure, inoluding last year's winner, Blink Bonny, Velocipede, Graco Darling (on tho strength of the Ghost's running at Flemington), St. Lawrence, Plausible and St. John. The Mavibyrnong Plato is at present quite a dead letter, and the generally popular double,' Hawkcsbuvy Handicap and Metropolitan, lias not yet been operated upon. During tho week a lot of steady preparatory, work has been done on the training ground, notwithstanding tlio still heavy stato of the; going. Tho people's idol, old Commotiou, (. looks as gay and blooming as his most ardent admirer could wish ; and as tho champion is in robust health, and is still tho possessed' of a set of unblemished understandings,' tlioro is every probability of Mr. Dakin being ablo to strip him on tbe 3rd of November as fit and well as last year, when "ho ought to havo won." His stable companion, the flying Frv- ingpan, also looks hearty, but, unlike tbe veto- ran, tbe littlo horso is "queer below," and may causo his trainor many an- anxious hour. No horses at Flemington look better than Coronet and Mooushco, who daily attract tho favornblo notico of the early risers, tho former is a very glutton for work, evidently ready for tho extra steam to bo put on. Coffey has both Tho Broker and St. Lawreneo looking well, tho S.A.J. C. Logor winner especially having wonderfully improved sincohis last pub lic appearance. Two . young ones, whoso ap proaching 3-yenr-old career will probably be marked by success, aro Arsonal and Remus, both colts looking very well, and tho former is de veloping into a powerful horso. Off Color nover looked better than at tbo prosont timo , and amongst the other regular attendants on tho track may bo mentioned Stornaway, Yergy, Lord Wilton, Country Boy, I.O.U., Tho Pencil (a beautiful mover), and S. Mahou's Pearicyo, who is evidently a rw o p»oed filly whoa fully extended. ' On Saturday next the Geelong Racing Club iviH virtually inaugurate the racing season of .1835-86, on tbe occasion of the winter meo'Ing, tho handicaps for which were declared on Wednesday last. . One of tho principal attrac tions of the programme is the Steeplechase, the candidates for which represent a tolerably fair array of' jumping talent. In ' commenc ing with Deceiver nt. 11 st. 11 lb., Mr. " E. _T. Barnard has adopted a com paratively light' maximum, and by placing; Cotcbrook within 11 lb. of the roan a high esti mate is formed of his autumn victory afc Flemington. Now that Granvillo, 10 st. 10 lb., lias taken to tumbling, he may perhaps not be so reliable as Dundee, 10 st. 91b.; Old Soul, 10 st. 51b., and Sir Samuel, 9 st. 10 lb. Robin, provided he can keop his legs, will also take some beating with only 9 st. 91b. in tlm saddles They are not a very choice lot -in the I iurd . Race, Belie Brandon,, 11 st. 71b.; Fusilier, 10 .. St. 51b., and Footman, 9st. 12 lb., appearing to be those, which bold prior claims. In the Railway Stake3,ira:mibal7st. 12 lh..ninl 'Vi:niic_ 7 st. 11 lb., read remarkably well; and next to this pair Honeycomb, 7 st.; Woodbine, 6st. 10 lb., and Briiikman. 6st. 71b., are not badly treated. . In tho Winter Handicap I liko best Irraloc, ,8st.; Britisher,' 7 st! UIb.j Lauda, 6st! 12 rib.! and East Lynne, 6st. 91b. I shall deaf " filially with each of the events next week. In Tnsniania'there were few better known, ot more' respected sportsman , than Mr. Samuel ! Blackwcll, who paid the debt. of. nature lost week. Tim deceased is" thus referred to in tba columns of the Taamuian Mail : — " In racing circles few men we're mnro popular, and cer tainly no slraigliter going colors were. ever homo lo victory or defeat on tho colonial turf than the "pink jacket and black cap" of iheold squire. Long ere he settled in the antipodes— r some forty years back— Mr. Blackwell took a lively .interest in turf matters, and, his naras being associated in the sport with the names ol Messrs. Dry, Gee, Ilardwicko, Yeend, Rosa and others, hp might be classed among one ot the oldest sportsmen in Southern Tasmania! As far back as 1353 be opposed Messrs. Yeend and Rose in the Town Plate, run at New Town, but previous lo this horses owned by hiin were competing, on tbe old Green Ponds course- After engaging in business in one or two town ships in the colony, Mr. BInokwell sought his fortune in Victoria, ultimately settling down at Melton Mowbray, an English liko village, situate about 30 miles from Ilobart. The de ceased in liis younger days was a clever horse man, a good shot, and his knowledge of a horse increased as decades went by. For many years tho deceased was master of the Southern Hounds, and he may be said to have literally breathed his last in the saddle, as an attack - ' paralysis, which seized him on the 20th ult., during a run with the bounds, cansad a prostiu- " tion, which eventuated in his death. Mr. Blackwcll's name was principally ren dered famous from tho fact of his having origi nally owned the thoroughbred sire Panic, ac- . knowlcdged on all hands to bo tlio most useful sire that ever left England for tho colonies. ' Panic himself was successful as a racer, his Cham. pion of .'65 and his second in the Melbourne Cup towit. About thatycar the Panic Produce Stake was run, Mr. Blackivell contributing tho bulk of the prize. Shillelagh was another good pa former owned by the departed squire. The eve« welcome " pink and black" was frequently car ried to victory over cross-country, mid among' this latter class owned by tho deceased gentle man may ho mentioned Black Prince, Beaufort, Blackthorn, &c.;, nnd among platers tho liamej of Sweotlips, Titbit, John Peel and JDonuybrook; It was owing to the defeat of this latter liorsi at Clarence Plains that tho memorablo Pania v. Minstrel maich was arranged, which ended in such confusion, owing to the followers ol Minstrel declaring forfeit.. Of late years Mr. BInokwell owned Edwni'd, the steeplechaser, and the day tlio old grey beat Echo at tlio com- piimontary mooting on tho Melton eoursa was such another to the old gent," as ivhen Panic wor. the Champion. Nicholas was a good avonig ! cross-country horse, and won some capital race's' for his owner nnd breeder. Tho Rosohill programme for the 8th August has failed to attract the owners of this colony not a eiiiglo Victorian name appearing amongst the satisfactorily numerous entries received on Tuesday. St. Lawrence was withdrawn from tho Metro? politan Stakes oil Tuesday. Owners of horses ongnged in tho Melbourno Cup aro reminded that if they desire to with draw without further payment, their intention must bo declared before four p.m. on Monday, 3rd Angnst, failing which they will be hel'' liable for the second forfeit. Visitors to Deniliquin experienced a Strang# mixture of tho pleasures and discomforts of a , .ci.-uutry meeting. "Whilst, for iustaneo, tho weather was all that could be desired, th6 course,' owing to tho recent heavy rain, was in very bad condition ; tbo sport was good, but tho hotel accommodation altogether inadequate, and tlio misbehavior of 'William Tell in tha Woolbrokers' Handicap formed a disagreeable feature in tho proceedings. In connection with this matter tho action of the stewards seems to me to bo incomprehensible ; surely if the evi dence was sufficiently strong to justify ihem in disqualifying horse, owner nnd rider, tbo terra of suspension decided upon (three months) I# ridiculously lenient. Evidently Moylan and Pidgeon are either two of the most ill used, or two of tho luckiest individuals connected with the turf, for their punishment should cilhor hava been quadrupled or not inflicted at nil. At any rate, it was an inglorious wind up after winning two handicaps cu the first day Metropolitan jockey talent was well represented, and under tho ablo guidanco of Aieo Robertson, Sir . Wil liam Clarke's gelding Vernet, at last, after repeated attempts, shuftledoff his maidenhood. The first stcopleohaso over run on tho course tell to tho gallant Tasnianian, Denmark, who was nominated by his former owner, Mr. W. Neil. Tanlaliser, who waulie Dcoiiiquin Jockey Ciab Handicap and Ladies' liracolol, for both Ot which ho darted a hot favorite, appears to bo inoro roliablo when trusted hy his friends on the flattlian over sticks. The proposed abolition of cash betting on tace courses is a matter which must necessarily Btir up considerable discussion inracing circles, as it is very evident that the authorities are in » earnest and do not intend playing with the bvil. Like most other people who do not close their eyes to' undoubted and incon trovertible facts, I am perfectly satisfied that the bookmaker is as necessary an adjunct to the race course as the trainer, jockey or other legitimate official, and the history of both hemispheres shows that men will not race if they can't bet. There are, however, two ways of doing everything, and it certainly behoves those in authority to so regulate betting as to Tednco its offensive aspect to the utmost mini mum. Anybody disinterested must allow that the number of betting men licensed by the V.R.C., 212, is altogether excessivevmd far be yond what is required to maintain the specula tion wliicb it is admitted cannot bo abolished. Remembering that those who do their business through booking wagers to bo settled on a fixed Subsequent day are undoubtedly the most reputable members of the ring, it seems prob able that tho proposed notion of the authorities will have a good and salutary effect, clearing off ft large number of betting people who would doubtless not be able to do . business with the public on any other but the cash system, a class of turfites most of whom are unnecessary and undesirable " assisteis" at race meetings. Our Adelaide correspondent telegraphs that eight horses aro entered for the Falmorsion Cnp race, which will bo held in August. The London Sportsman says that tho honors of IheEpsom Meeting may fairly bo said to rest Willi Archer, for not only does his record for the four days show 12 wins out of 26 mounts, but be lias ridden tho winners of the lour chief prizes at the gathering in Gay Her mit, Melton, Bird of Freedom, and Lonely Severally. Ilia win on Lord Cadogan's filly makes his fourth success in the Oaks, and Mel ton is the fourth Derby colt ho has steered to victory. lie has so far this season had 202 mounts, of which 82 have been winning ones, and bis total to date gives an increase upon the figures standing to liis name at the close of tbo Epsom week last year, when out of 165 mounts, .he had scored 71 wins. Amongst the many telegrams received by Mr. Matthew Dav.son at Epsom on the occasion of Melton's Derby victory was one from Lord Charles Beresford at Cairo, containing a few words, which were highly appreciated by the successful trainer of Melton. Gay Hermit, the winner of the W'oodcoto Stakes, is one of the most heavily engaged horses mentioned in "Races to Come," and besides being entered in numerous two-year-old events of importance, has liabilities next year in, nmongother leading races, the TwoThonsand Guineas, Epsom Derby and Grand Prize, Don castcr St. Leger, and tlie Gland Prize of Paris: On the authority of the World The Prince of Wales was in tlie enviable position of being "on" both tlie first and second in the Derby, and also on the winner of tho Oaks. Lord Hastings won a good stake over Meltoifjras did fho Duke of St. Albans and the other patrons of Heath House. Tho half yearly general meeting of the Vic torian Trotting Club Limited was held on Wed nesday afternoon at the olub's office in Bourke- street west; Mr. H. Chapman in. the cliair. Tlie half yearly fii nncial statement and report were adopted, and the proceedings, which were of a purely formal character, terminated with a vote of thanks to tho ohainnan. 