Our Cardinal's Reception. YESTERDAY'S CEREMONIES. [The greater portion of the foli&wiog; appeared in eui* leygil sod tliirti editions last evening-] ALONG THE QUAY — AWAITING KIS EatrWESTCE. The Circular Quay Was fringed with a deuee croviVd of sightseers all tte morning-, awai ting- the arrival irf \- . Cardinal Moran. and the inducements offered to tat US » passage ia the mameross steamers Wiag alongside were most liberal. The sun vr«s intensely hot, an- I this not only proved a preat boon to tin' perigaiotic fruit and *' soft stuff ' vendors' along: tb* wharf, 'bat also caused a great run on tlie hotels of the Circular Quay. Sashes of various colors, green, of coTirse. presionrhia+Sas-, were to be eeea generally artraad, and iin iiatione for the best 3x»a& to meet tbe ' Caruiaal ' ware- ' t-jMitea '' fiom WRerj jetty. Maayof rka vessels wTsicii -went dovru to Wateoa'a Bay were poorly filled, and the jrieat host matt have, mafic it some^.vhai; of a, discomfort to those ?who had to- stay aioBsrsiile nutil noon. All pdinfe of 'vanfasre wero seized upon by iiiose anxious to witness the proceedings, and Mr. Watson, of the Paragon, had kisdi-v gives place on bis veran dah to a large number of ladies to witness the land- ; htg~ Tiftsarp Dhacvrar sever had&-o many people on | boasd he£ea*a»en Wednesday, aaiithey aiao srrasinad ' the riggings Captain H.uteiuss eaiii if ho aould-ouly j carry 'them all home at a fair rate, he would for- j 'swear \voo\ freights, r.t least fey this season. It ] was not until tweuty iainutos past noon that the j ILJUUS-XiigRcui TCaS'Sipxalled eight miles off tJie yort. j i.tid^tfaaJv th« vaEioas steamers prepared to dcpeic far j Wateo.n'fe ^y. At Fast, amid' fearful noise iiom j tteiraiJesm-vrliisties, they Mt the vffrions jetties. ! XBZTENft THE C&BBIXSTm.; I* is- oaty oceaaenaliy — rndeed, wiiaS mig;ht be eaUsAgetai-occaeionally — tbat auj'-trring; ia- rise way ? o£l»d'w.8aihej:c3BBe5 on toaiai a gr*a£ ' fa^ction.' ia. Sydney or on the waters of Port Jatiksoa. Wedces day the weatheru-instBaiiof darriasr, helped to make ^e ceremoiiies o? the da3r. The cool easterly bi'eese as it STfejit ap ttte harbor vrssSed' t.he- ware lets into foam, and made life pleasant; o\\\ board steamer;. So pleaeast, indeed, v.-&s; it thut the hawsers had scarcely been cast off from the Girtuja* Qtay tdiaa thosa K-lio- went -&wii;'to Hie sea la ships to- welcome CaiQimii Mnran -ssese: at oaw away from the dull dose acdheai, and the-elfiinorous crowd-of. the city, and ''freshened up' in che sea breeze, test the expression ' ireshened xm ' might be taken in a dual or refreshment sense,- it miy be welt here- to explain ttat tne only means of ciialara 'taun affiorded to tfce -weicomers o* OaTdiuaf 3Ior.ni ?were' ffiose wnielreaii aadskyand crisp aii-and blne'ivatbts acouraw. landscape c-julii afford. This- is, hoiw'erer, omj-applicabls aafaxas regards those 'on board,*-' aaiwhoremaiaed on board the steamers. The steamer Prince o£ Wiiias conveyed a-nninber of members of c^mraitts-e and lea-din? citizens and representatives of the pmss. Among tlioie on beard ?were Messrs. T. M. Slattery. .Minister of Justice^ H. ?feylor, ISJUAv, D»^, Bntito, J. O. O^Gofinor, C. O'lfeiU^ MdsrmaxL HaoMohon, and several ladies.' Tie steame? left the iloatin-r stage, Cicenlar QnayL ai. Q.ajn., and made etraigiifc for Watson's Bay^ -*fiere many ofier steamers were found wait-1, ing; Oh arrival no signal denoting the Eighting. of the T.ignrir* tras flying from' the flagstaff, and cer tain ancient mariners- of fiehlike smell predicted; that, she would not be here 'afore. 2.' Then: fS£ TBirnrfm- of Justice rose to tte occasion. Esat&ii-r; ar the wharf, her said, 'FQ&qyt; me,' and those on board the Prince of Walcs-Toss-to the -Minister 'f Justice; aad- followed him. It. -was aot far. Only as far as a hotel where a dfeplay of BnprerjntSfced- teetotaliEm was mede by the ordering, fie^- of unlimite-1 eoo& -&atee.; aad next of '--xihatevsr you. chose to put ia. it.' Qaestiorsed am. In the neckie3SHess of these proceedings, isue HSimStex of Juetice replied- that conce- wba£ ?noiAilb. hm -eras, safe for three weeks' eaLuT.- and accordScgly ha recked- little of the expense. More £&£B €Bisr t£e company having dmr.k tae cEinina.rs lealffi in proper fasDion, and wiC&ont; detriment to Ins incnlcation of sobriety, Mr. Slattory's heiilih was . immediately drank with enthusiasm. Bis ajieeeh in reply was. applauded to the echo. It was simply, ? j£5tn&\- fSSe fitne-, wMcfa was s&nficaSly; sn BMaSBtA *» &st; mysfericaa peri»d at -which Hat MOT elnba over tiifr forejurd^ a ^rnmor (|M-ft ^jhafc- {he Lignria had beeir'gigBailed, ? This ?Bjtfrojfrr 'iff- 1w tcBC, as- a- email cfeeqaered flag^ had , jaMttxaii^'tm to tfee southern ana of t£s signal yfevri. ZfSejtriSLhas&a; no* made on Ikwniv'aad wiOu^e ~J&g;&etd6; oensort, and a Jafeenuffib* of sfeanwrs fel&Wfitt; fiw ?rm-SE *f Wafer maife for ffle irtfeTmHBBniatdy precediag- ta» Prince of Wdlas, And file Le vewt-w«« ti» Jfaay, wilfctbe e*ergy«f ^Mi« 'dioceses of Kew South Wales on board. The Leveret had on board the members of the St. Mary's Juvenn'e Total Abstinence Societjt, The girls of the eociefif -wore fanf'«?J red sasbes, aad the boys rosettes of (a. pintitar 1'i'Tnr- In ft-f«r mimitpsfbe-Ijijrarittcame itA eu^jt, sad cheer upon cheer vest up from the crowds oil board fcbe steaisere, wSich rrere redoubled ss tt» £^ekb «f ti«S- cawliEsl was aeen apoh the^ qnarter deck in bircita and scarlet robes. He re-i turned tie greeficcs, and disappeared for a few ; wtfirrrfi i» S* -«*rn. As nra as €be Sow anri\ Pig* were Bassed, the Oriest steamer dropped. ? mm^m*. aJM #«s a{ once bca*ded by the J»ftlfli ^rfiesr, lolfenrea kam-sS3*U*y by the CtAomsil Secretary ( Sir Patrick Jennings), who gay« Ife, Imtof st tvr&aA; nt&eeno;* on hw return to fei-? fceMe. After * little «pece tte Maty1 waa brought aJooeeide tie gtcBaway, and the cardinal, demiemdhxg ^teto ier, recefif« £Ec? gr««tu^8 of ifier ctergyj , girca in clerical fsaferon, and then took a j ;«eai n^«9 ib« bri^e. Bjr ti»k time be| -. JmkI dbatwed tl«s toirctt* for a hat of proper cardinal, : eokv, and Aape, loaded #itt &o;!d adornment, which, Mtfa his briSMitt iwy*** da** and aa^b, heavy gold «4muh and elk attire, ntade hiia cotsxpianous like ibe tietare tit tome Fap&T; prince ot long ago. H0i# -: «(?' tii* fort to mncome Dr. Mdratt mbm to «W** «» Imatd *-''* Marjr wa» lbJB9stter7 ft » Kiawter of Jnntfce), wlio knelt ami Son. *S5*t I«mw «« J^tfnrm C»rdiMl Moma : jgf^j jfeSftflfiC*,!* f^CTf*fl of «» «»pt*iij mid :--g|(S»r*W.to-« ?Aw»pw»ieafcM»ida»««awway. 3Ulfwrtook» riborf nm down ihehaxbot.un&ihea; ''SiatliiiirtirflitTr «4 Hk» ro«4« i-w Hie, Cfecplar Port Division. Stabboabo Dmsioir. Eeveret Pnactt of Wales. , Adttbal . Warstet ?' Camaraj ' ' Bal4 Sock Iaflenble St. Beoedief a ste»m«r Mernmid Watertfew tfl[f Pesrf . . ' ? -JeCbcmg Iirviac-aie * i Kate Abuse ' ! St, .Leonards Eagle Azelea. Micscotte Eillirnev. Cheer upon cheer-rose frosi the crowded occupants of the various steamers as they came up the harbor; and especial attention was engagwi by the steamer which had en board fne Ennw view! College cadets who looked most poIdier-Elte in their scarlet uniforms with red facings. Besides the steamers in the official list many others joined in the progress up the harbor, and when the Cireslaar _Qaay was reached, discharged their occupants to join ffae procession to St. Mary's. From Forf Maequaris, all around the Circular Quay, the shores, and shipping, aad roadway, were literally packed wtta people, many of them bekraaifig plainly to the creed and country of the great dignitary for whose landing they had waited so patiently all the matniajr. and past midday. The Cardinal stepped ashore at the Prince's Stairs at 3 o'clock, and after some little delay was escorted to his carriage amid the greatest cheering and enthusiasm from the. vast crowd of people assembled. THE PBOCESSIOX. The procession then moved off for St. Mary's Cathedral, along Phillip, Albert, and Macqnarie streets in the folio wing order : — Main body ot Hiberaiaft Australasian Catkolie Benefit Sosietr. Society ot St. Vincent de. PonL Christian Doctrine Confraternities., Catholic Temperance Societies. Society ot the Holy Family. Detachment of H.A.C.B. SoeTetv'. Delegates from tlie Sufirigan Dioceses. Detachment of Australian Holy Catholic Goiia. TTie EecsptioB. Committee. Bishops and Bepresentotive Clergy. Tte Cardinal. Guard of Honor, composed of EiveiTiew College Voiunteer Cadet Corps. Main body of Australia* Holy Catholic Guild. The Cardinal on landing was received with- a ' present arms ' by the Overview cadets, and many of the faithful bent the kcee to hiia, kissed his ring, and received his benedictidn. The marching was considerably impeded by tke dense throng which crowded the streets, and the natural desire of everybody to see the Cardinal. At each corner there was a i block, and, of course, a correspondijag delay. As each carriage approached a murmured ' There he is ' ran through the mob, a& eyerybody pressed forward, and then fell back disappointed. When the red hat was seen a cheer rang out, and the Cardinal bowed in acknowledgment. When the carriages were passed, anxious inquiries were made among the members of eaeh group, and in one case, on an old lady being asked the usual question; ' Did you see him ?' she replied, ' Faith, I did, every inch of him. Every window along the route was filled with eager faces and every balcony was crammed. The Parliament House and the Mist I afforded standing room for a number of people, while I the convalescent patients at the hospital enjoyed a { view of the nageant from behind their iron railings, j and the ' old ladies' at the BeceTolent Asylum, in ! their black and red checked dresses, added something I to the pictureequeneee of the scene. The strains of | the various bands were hushed, perhaps because the i occasion was too solemn for the tnnes which they { could play, and the procession marched on in silence, \ except for the hearty cheers which rang out at short j intervals. j The police, in charge of Inspector Anderson, were ? everywhere ; but in such a case there was little for ' them to do. The natural respect to the head of their | Ohnreh was sufficient to repress any exhibition of I rowdiness, and whatever ob&tr; actions occurred were i caused by the extreme anxiety «o show _ respect. The procession marched past the Water Police Court I to Macqaarie-sireet, and thence straight to St. ! Mary's Cathedral, the. -whole route being lined with ?persoBs who ware desicous of obtaining a glimpse of ; \ue first Cardinal who has visited Australia. i AT THE CATHEDEAL. The members of the Hibernian Australasian L Catholic Benefit Society were marshalled at a very 'eariy hour outside the Cathedral, and numbers of ec&ool; childreB, looting fresh and pretty in their wlite frocks and red sashe3, were waiting in the . »ts eet, at about 9 o'clock, to do honor to the prince of iSJseir church. On arriv«l at the Cathedral— the I wx er of which was gay with flags — tbe procession h all ed, and the Hibernian Catholic Benefit Society f- irn ted two lines, each fonr deep ; the Society of St. V indent de Paul, Christian Doctrine Confraternities, Ctttliolic Temperance Societies, and the Society of -the Holy Family, all wearing the badges ami insignia ot' their respective orders, and bearing iloffc the grand banners of the Guilds, fell in on either side in rows of two deep. Bet wtaen these Uses the jrecepiion committee, the MfibWps, and ' the- representative elergy, ' the Caniinal-Arehbistt'op, the guard of honor (composed of iha Biverview College Volunteer Cadet Corps), p.nd the members of the Australian Holy Catholic Gail 3, marched into the sacred edifice. ISS1DE THE CATHIBSAL, Tiii*scene inside the Cathedral was avery imposing one. 'The noble building was crowded to excess, and ia a -Uai religious light the procession Sled from the western entrance to the sanctuary. The inagu tficent memorial window to Archbishop Tang- ban and tae new reredos formed a very effect- Ive becksrround. The sanctuary had been draped with cardinal and gold hangings, and f«-svoo ned with wreaths of evergreens and flowers. The ? sommanion railing was also draped with csrdiE 6.1 and gold. On the right of the grand altar, \v-3ii\5h V?as dressed for High Mass, was placed the Cardin alrs throne, the hangings being maroon, with ti;e c reh^episcopal arms in bine aad silver eiaUaaoned thereon.. The back was cardinal .and j--flloTV. The dais was of cardinal; and tfce ' a her ccrpet was cardinal and gold. The- cai dieting leading from the middle aisle to the altar w:-U of cardinal and gray (flewr-de-hjs). Similar car&etin;'g was laid from the Cathedral entrance to the'eatri sge. The main entrance to the Cathedral facing Hyde Park was decorated with hangings of cardinal and gold. The whole of the decora tions were furnished by the well-known firm of Messrs. j-hotnpEon and Giles. As the ;3rocessionneared the Cathedral, the bells of St. Hary'il sang out a joyful peal of welcome to his Eminerci?.. The throng 'was verv sense, and the ex pectant cr owd presented the appearance of a sea of faces. As '. the' procession entered the building the orsan (3fr- iBanks. organist) and the choir (conducted ?by Mr. F. Jl. Halle weli) led off with powerful effect the -special hvnin of ?welcome, ' Ecce Sacerdos Magnus.' : The conif osition of the orchestra was as follows :— 2 first violins (Mr. Bice leadicg), 2 second violins, 1 violincello ^Herr Patek). 1 double bass, 1 flute, 2 clarionets (-\irr. S. Hodge 1st), 2 cornets, 2 trombones and tire nsn: ii percussion instruments. Tlie ordina ry choir was supplemented by many addi tional voices;. The other pieces rendered during; the service werd the 'Te Denm' (fiombert), and the ' AUeiuia':vnthem. Excellent arrangements were made in tfce Hody of the building for seating visitors. Tbe front Meats were reserved for the country delegates. 1:he members of the Marist Brotherhood were accommbdated to the right of the sanctuary, and the represent tative clergy had seats allotted to them in the sanctniavy itself. One hundred seats in the' side aisles hail been apportioned to a limited number of representa lives of each society which had taken part in the procession. Tbe building vas thronged by ticketholders at about 11 o'clock. Among those present were noticed a large number of leading lay members of oiiher denominations. Although ai- much time was wasted in waitang for the Cardinal's arrival, membere of the Press ex perienced ho Sttie difiicnlty inobtaintbg any infor mation a3 to tie day's proceedings from any reliable fioarce. Squally «a ciffienlt was it to obtain copies of the a£drBS££sib fee piegented to his Enrtinence, for although the addresses were lying in the CxthedraJ, z«$iresestaiives of this journal were dkianc&y; informed by respooable officials that tfaey had no knotrledge of their where abouts, and it was not until a late hour that it was discovered that they wcrein tfca vestry all day long, although many of the officers of the guilds and societies had averred they were 'on the steamers down tbe harbor.' Thirty members. cf the guilds, .wider the superintendence of the churchwardens, attended and carried out withoat any hitch the inter* n*i arrangements, of tbe receolion at tbe Cathedral. Tbe {dUomag bishops ^sd clergy were present in the cathedral: — Dr. Lanigau, Bishop of Gonlborn; Dr. Cani. Bishop of aockhamptea; Dr. Byrne, BUhop of Batfeturtet ; Dr. Mnrpby, Bishop of Hobart ; \Di Mnrra^, Bishop of Maifland ; Dr. Eey- \ Was. Bishop of Adelaide ; Dr. CtriTer, Bishop «tf Perth : Dr. Torregglsni, Biehop of Aim Aaic ? Bean Beecbinor, (of Hobart) ; J. J. Carroll, Administrator of the _ Diocese ; Dr. | O'Haau, Adminwtrator of St. Mary's; Archpr:est: SheeBr. Archdeacon Bigney, Dr. Sheridan, Deane j Kaboney, SJaaagan, 0^Bnen, Haal«T. K'Cartby, ' Keaov, Leonard, Fatfiers Vaughan (Eedemptori^t Order). Driton, SX, Dnnn, O.S.F., CaUachor, O'itcilly, Movnagfa, Coonan. Hewitt. Pbelan, CoVeyf Kj&y;, 8J., 'Furlong. If Bwmrtd- C^( Yeung, Mar^r. Cftmtaing*, Xbileroy, Butk-r, Bltzpftfnek, Pcisre, mi tt'f ntyre, Amcmff the laity were the fol lowtnz; Hit T. A. Jennings, Colonial Sdprefcaryj HeKtt, T. Hi. Slobbery. Kiahte* id Juefaco. W- ; Coonaa, H, T*ylrt-, aM P. HDgnn, MsXJL., acS Ut. Jttstw»J7.*ttoett, ' - . ' ?- : ? Hardiy had tbe Cardinal er'^red tile building than \ sbm^MtV terrific, a*i fc, * short time it was fsaiawJ fmUl A.nnm^ TttmOfi f«int«d, wb^ie the toli»toB*t-- H-nr#T«,tt» mmfoSt* 'mm#»&& closing the doors, . and the excitement which .had . prevailed soon subsided.. ~ ' ; The Cardinal thea proceeded to the vestry, and , ?was there attired in tie biretta, cappa-magna, shoes, 1 and sash belonging to a cardinal, eJi being red. He j then proceeded to the wfertern : entrance, and was j there ntefc' by the- administrator of tbe archdiocese, Father J. J. Carroll, V.G., the Ven. Arehpriost ! Sheehy, Archdeacon Eagney, Dean M*Carth3r, Dean BeecbJEor, and Dean Sheridan, the Bishops of BatHuxet, MaMand, Anmoale, Sobart, Gcnilbnrn, Bockhampton, and .'Adelaide, who escorted the Cardinal through the aisle, and while the organ pealed fourth die solemn cbanns o£ **Ecee Sacerdos Magnus,' the Cardinal, with long scarlet robes, marched with solemn stately steps to his throne. Father Carroll, administrator of the archdiocese, then read the following : — Address of the clergy, secular and regular, ot tbe Arcii diocose of Sjdjiej-; to liis Eminence Patrick Francis, Cardinal Moran, 4.rcbbi»hop of Sydney. Your Emiceiice, -^Thrice within the short spacfi of one yea'- has oar sense of duty as priests of the AicMiocese o£ Sydney assembled us aroundUyoor throne ; on the first occasion to welcome you es our Archbishop, a worthy successor to your venerable predecessors in the See of Sydney. Again to bid yoa fareweJl, when, at the call of the Holy Father, you hastened to the Sternal City, and now we meet '?? once more, but for what purpose? -Not merely to welcome our archbishop, and to «iTer our congratulations for your : safe retui« ; more than this, wo areliere to-day to offer to your Eminence our lovime and loyal homage in the excited diginty to which ths Supreme Pontiff has raissd you. \ The Holy Father cliose you from among the Bishops of the Irish Church to rule over the STother Church of Australia, and now again he has selected you to represent Australia in the CoOeire of Cardinals. In so doing we recognised his appreciation, ol yoar per ! sonal merits and his aifection for you; and in raising you to ; the dignity of Cardinal, and as 6tiP.fi sending yoaasain to pre side orerour Ciiarcb, we are fully sensible of the honor con ' fcired upon AnstnUia, aad of the faror bestowed upon us, : and iu this, his action, binds us more firmly and irrevocably to the Holy Apestfclie See. The Church, ot Australia hails the adTent of your Emi nence, onr first Cardinal, witi joy, and wifli every mani festation of lore and veneration ; but for us, the clergy of your own diocese, this is an occasion oi special' xe jcicing. We welcome you among us in your new dignity of Car dinal of the Holy Roman Church, and offer oar congratu lations, and beg to assure you that we shall deem it an honor, as it is-a duty, to labor tinder your guidance for the advancement of God's work in this land. Wishing your Eminence many years to. rule over and direct us, we are your devoted children in Jesus Christ, Sigaed on- behalf of the clergy of the archdiocese, J. J. CAitaoii, V.G. and Administrator. J. J. Ehkehy, Archpriest, Johb BinsET, Archdeacon. Oju-lagraS M'Cabcbt, Bean. Mr. Justice Faucett read the address for the laity, which appeared in our first edition. An address of welcome ficom the Confraternity of the Holy Family was read, signed by Father E. A. Coonan, director ; P. A. Ford, hon. treasurer; aad M. Hickey, secretary. Addresses were also read from the Holy Catholic Guild and the Hibernian Australian Catholic Benelit society ; from the clergy and laity of the diocese of Ar midale ; from the priests of the diocese of Bathurst : from the laity of the diocese of Bathurst ; from the bishop and clergy of the diocese of Goulburn ; from the Roman Catholic laity of tbe diocese of Goulburn ; from the Australian Eoman Catholic Total Abstinence Association, and from the Society of St. Vinceat d» Paul. TEE CABDINAI/S ADDEESS. After the various addresses had been presented, the Cardinal ascended the pulpit and . delivered a lengthy address. He said— Deariy Beloved in Christ, — Beturczag to-flay to the beloved flock intrusted to me by the Good Shepherd of souls, it is my first duty to lift up my heart in Hinnfre givimj to tbe Father of mercies and the God of all consola tion in that, without any merits of mine. He has been pleased to guide my steps and to lead me back once more m safety amongst you. It is my next duty to convey to all the fnitbinl of this diocese, to the clergy and the laity alike, the siaeerest expression of ray gratitude for their devotedncss in promoting every work of religion and charity of wbiclj, during these months of my absence, they have given, abundant proof, and for their constant affection to-vard myself, as shown forth in their nninter rupted prayers to heaven in my behalf and in that more than royal welcome which they have this day accorded me. I have been absent, indeed, from the diocese for a much longer period than I could have wished; hut I do not think taut I err when 'I avotr that I have t-een ever present with you ia spirit. There ivere many fatigues and anxieties inseparable frora the duties that devolved on me danng the past months ; but I txnst that they shall be fmitiul of blcss ing-s to the Austr2lia.11 Church, and I endured them with contentment and with joy because they afforded an opportunity to promote, in some small measure at least, those spiritual interests which are dearer to ms than life itself. Bat I must not forget that there are many lieEides my own pp'Jitual flock who, with unparalleled enthusiasm and affection, have desired to welcome tbe first Atistrahau Cardinal coining to the3e shores. To all I bejr to tender this grateful expression of my sincerest thanks. The Holy Father, Pope Leo Alii, in con ferring the dignity and privileges of Cardinal upon me, has proclaimed to the world the special favor and affection with which be regards the whole Australian Church. Other missionary coniitries have attained this dignity only after long centuries of spiritual fruitfulness. The fifty years that hare elapsed since the first Vicar-Apostolic lauded .upon our shores are only a. short span in a people'* history, dutt -the present. illustrious Pontiff, ever'watcfiful over the interests even of the remotest missionary. lands, has not failed to recognise that in this favored oonii nenfc of Australia, the church, has already, like the foreit oak on genial 6oil, cast deep its roots, asd grcnrniir with steady and stately growth, has bsgtm to display beneath the Southern Cross the full vitality aad viiror of the ages of faith. Providence has never failed to raUe up great Pontiffs to meet the requirements of tbe age in which they live, and the present successor of St. Peter is no eicsption to that eolden rulel Despoiled of the temporal sovereignty of those states which have been justly styled the patrimony of religion and charity, he no longer enjoys the freedom that is* required for the complete discharge ot his sacred duties. But thong-h lie is a prisoner in the Vatican, 'his master mind, euligatencd. by the Spirit of God, has not failed to grasp the manifold wwite of «3ciety in our dars, said by tnose sublime encyclicals which, replete as they are with heavenly wisdom, bring be baclr to the golden age of In nocent III., he has endeavored to awaken the consciences oi men to the cnti-Chrietian lawlessness, the corruption of morala, the spirit of revolution, and the revived paganism that prevail in many parts of Europe and threaten to un dermine the very foundations of the social fabric in the old world. : Iiookuie towards this southern continent, he sees here a different order of things, a new world, boundless in its wealth and material resources, its people devoted to the cause of freedt.m, yet full of energy and earnestness in every pursuit of thrift and industry; men clinirias to the Christian traditions of the homa countries, and untainted by tbe spirit of anti-social associations, cultivating reliRton, charitv, and peace, and recognising that the Catholic Church, like everything else that is hoaorable and good and true, has found a congenial soil in the free institutions of these great colonies, he has wished to mark his appreciation of Australia's sinffalir merit by conferring upon this land of promise one of the highest and most dis tinctive privileges which it is vritMa bis domain to bestow. ? * * It may be as in our present plenary council tbat they come from Italy, Spain, Franee, England, or Ireland, each one loving witU iutenseet love the land of his birth. Tht y may meet in Dublin or Baltimore, in Paris or Cologne, in Milan or Munich, in Westminster or Sydney. But wliencesoever they may come, aad wheresoever they may ineet, oJl will derive their jurisdiction from the one 'spiritual source; all will feed their flocks vrith the Kuno teaching of heavenly truth; and all, apcointed by the Holy Ghost to rule tbe Ciusrch of Go4, will partake ia its pleni tude of the one Episcopate divinely instituted upon earth. There ia no nnceriai'i sound m th. i - tsacliing. 1 hey may speak in diffc r jr* tuajues, but all have the same language of dhi i-* faith ; ill ? Eaaie sacramental graces :.re dispensed to all ; t'ae samen^v sairiicr, fi- om theming to the setting- Ban, is oiler, d to tbe SSost High, gi^nj glory to God's name. Aln-Vi a'l one is the authority which we all obey, the jujr'ne authority of the successor of St. Peter, ttie imprest n'a-tive of our blessed Lord upon «=arth, the diTinelystrensth ened Bishop for whom the Eedtc uer prayed that his faith shall never fail, and wuosa special com mission it is to feed the lambs &nd; tte sheep alike, and to impart light and strength and fclcsing and consolation to all bis brethren. 'What shall I say of the sanctity o£ the Church ? Tor what purpose is it tbat her bishops assemble in council ? Is it for matters of worldly interest or poli tical intrigue? Most assuredly not. The civil state attends to its own affairs, and is quite independent; within, its proper sphere. The Church does not intrude upon its domain. We are not indiGereut indeed as to' t&e; administration of the temporal government. We pray that the light of the divine -wisdom may be the guide of those who Sold in their hands the reins of power, that throughout these great colonies every blessing may abound ; that the laws may be just, may tend to the preservation of peace, the promotion of true happiness, the increase of industry, sobriety, and useful knowledge, and may perpetuate to ourselves aad all classes of our fellow citizens -the blessings of -equal liberty. The purpose for which the bishops assemble in council is to deliberate upon the best '-p''» for promoting the sanctiflcation of those intrusted to their care, and for building up the spritual edifice of Holy Church. We hare no new doctrines to propound; -we seed only Te peat tlie lessons of faitli which have been handed down tons by our father*. It will be our endeavour to correct abuses and to pluck out any germs of evil that may be ionnd within our reach, and to preserve, perpetuate, and per.'ert every thine -that is just, and virtuous and holy. la the discipline of tne Australian Church each alterations shs.ll be made as the wisdom and experience of tue prelates may suggest or the present condition of things may require. The disciplinary rules which, guide the rnde beginnings of a -missionary church rannot be supposed to suit the. present stage of the growth of reli (rion amongt us ; and were I not to endeavor to develop \ and perfect as far as cirenmstances mar permit the beau teocs symmetry of ecciejjiactics.1 organisation throughout. the Australian provinces, I feel I would be unfaithful to ? too duty which the Holy Father has impoted on me. The Church celebrates to-day the festival of St. Charles Bor- : romeo, the model of pastors, who did eo much in tbe dark days of the sixteenth century- to revive tbe vigor of ecoleeiastical discipline, and who is justly honored turoughout Chnstendom as. the most pertect pattern gives to die Church iu Utter times of the shepherd of jwuls. May tbe example, and firm yet gentle rule at this (treat prelate be ny guide, and may ius patronage before the dirono of God nccompaoy me whilst 1 endeavour to lead those in trufcied to rny care in their uearen ward coius?, and thus I may with them receive, at the bands of Uie Prince at factors, 'tbe eternal reward prepared for us. THE LT/NCftEOK. ' ' lAtter-onin thoeyeninpth«jn»BabereoFtheeseeative an3 of tne cei)«ral cotamittee for the reocption of Ms EvuaeiM» «ad the delegate from the archdiocese, iog#tlujr with all the priests present at the reception, ' ytexs' ^utoi'Uunocl int locch. by the Cardinal in St, wut^MtuoL'.y'^-:'- ? ?. - ?'?,':'?- -: . ;.;? ' /,-: ; L)coBM4u«noe«f the latoews of tiwl»our,«nly » few *o»*6i were lumowd. Stt Enaineii6«, who prfl ci(Ud. ga« tb. te*lth of 'Tl» Pr«l*to. prewat,' anfltn«'t-^W»i Mipond^ to VBiitopa Bjtop {Bathurst), jtfnrpBy {Sobart)i , Murray (Maitlanct), LanigantGk-nlinrn), B^ynblds (AdelaideVTorreggiiani (Armidale), and Cani (Eocthampton). The TBistop of Maitland (Dr. Murray) proposed the health of ''The 'Cardinal,' and bis Eminence \briefly replied, after which he gave. tto health of 'The Committee,' the ?toast being responded to by the Bev.;Father Carroll (administrator), Sir P. Jennings, and Mr. Slattery, M.U. CAEDI5TA1 MX-BAK IKTEBTTEWBD. Upon the arriTal of Cardinal Moran ob the Autibra* lian shares he was interviewed by a representative of the Etekimg News. Tbe cardinal spoke -snth great freedom upon personal matters and general topics. En the course of the interview the following conversation took place :— Can yon assign the special reason for tbe distinction which has been conf eifred upon you ? — The Pope was pleased to confer the' dignity of cardinal upon me as a token of his special regard for ' the Australian Church. Tour elevation is, I suppose, regarded as a matter of great importance to the Australian Church? — It was not until my arrival &t; the Australian ports tb&t; I learned thatthe Australian papers have t-een malting a great noise about it. They think that the .distinc tion which has been conferred upon me will bring about a change in tbe discipline of the church. There will be no change whatever. The dignity of cardinal does not confer any special jurisdiction. It is pretty much, tho same as the chanpe of grade which would be effected if a peer of the Upper House of Parliament were elevated from the grade of an earl to that of a dnke. . Does your elevation Save any bearing upon the churches in other countries? — The office of cardinal introduces the Australian Church ?into the highest councils of the Catholic Church. The Australian Chureh ia now privileged to have a ivoice in the guidance of i:he church over the whole ?world. It is a dignify which gives the Australian Church a voice which it hs-s not had before. i; Now, with regard to tl»8 future of -your church, have you any programme for any iiew or farther development of the church! P — We have no new pro gramme. Our synod, which was arranged some months ago, will begin on Sunday, November 14. The first public session will be held on the following day. That session will he open to the press and the puWic. It will be held in the Cathedral of St. Mary. The sermon on that occasion (will be preached by the Bight Botv Dr. Bedwood, Bishop of Wellington, N.Z; The- second public session will be held on Wednesday, Novemlber 18. What will be the character of the business to be transacted ? — On the 18th the memorial window to the late Archbishop Yauehais will be unveiled. By whom? — By me, 'but .all the bishops present will assist. The sermon oil that occasion will be preached by the Eev. Father Clark, S.J., of Mel bourse. When do you contemplate the completion of the cathedral ? — That is a question 7. cannot answer. It has already cost .£110,000. A similar sum is required to complete the cathedral. If anyone -would be generous enough to give us that ^ amount, we should be clad to complete the work. How long were you in Borne? — About three weeks. I was in Ireland about a month. What is your opinion about the present state of Ireland ? As a rule there baa been a great develop ment of prosperity ; but the agricultural classes are passing through a severe crisis. Can you attribute any reason for that? — The reason is that there is no sale for agricultural products at the present time. There is no sale for corn, no sale for cattle, no sale for butter. If you exclude these three things you may say that there is hardly - anything left for the farming classes to produce. Some are feeling this so much that they are absolutely unable to pay the reduced rents assigned by tbe Land Commission. What is your opinion as to the future government of Ireland ? — I may say that it is a matter of public opinion. All parties are agreed that some measure of Home Rule must very soon be granted to Ireland. It is impossible for things to go on as they are. Then you believe tbat Ireland is converging io some great crisis?— -What I sav is this : That allpar ties are. agreed — Liberals and Conservatives alike, that some measure of Home Bule must be granted to Ireland. Tho English Parliament is overworked, and it really cannot attend to Irish affairs as the country requires it should do. What form of Home Bulo would you suggest? — As to the particular form of Home Bule which should be adopted, I eau only say tbat it would be a very hard thing to suggest what would satisfy the country. That is the very thing which perplexes English politicians r — My opinion is that the system cf Home iJale will have to be something corresponding with Home Bule as enjoyed in the Australian colony. What effect do you think such a system of Horns Euie would have upon the future of Ireland? — I believe that it would be the best thing which could be done for the people of Ireland. Instead of weakening, I believe that it would consolidate and greatly strengthen the. Empire; NLcok at the example you 'have' in' ths Australian colonies. In no part of the world are the - people more loyal than' in Australia. No people are more devoted to the Crown than are the people in Australia. This, I believe, is due to the face that the people are allowed to conduct their own business. I do not think such a eyptem of self-government could possibly interfere with the loyalty of the people. If their loyalty is tampered with, it must be throusrh some other source. How do you find the people of Ireland in their adhesion to the church P — I never saw greater piety ! greater devotion to the church than I saw displayed by the people of Ireland. You said, I think, tbat you contemplated no change in tne* future of the Australian Church? — Not in the programme of the church, but we contemplate re forming the defects which may be found in the dis ciplinary la-^-s of the church. But those are matters which will bare to be con sidered by the council of the Catholic Church. We have nothing new to advance. We never minimise the teachings of the church. The questions | of faith are doctrines common to the whole church. I We have one common faith for the churches over the | wholfl world ; bni in matters of discipline defects creep in to a new church, but as years roll on the council of the church endeavors to correct these defects. May 1 ask what those defects are? — They are j the defects which beset a new church with very erave j difficulties. Hence the church relaxes her disci ; plinary laive. Sometimes arrangements are made ! which do not give satisfaction to the clergy ; but as [the church becomes more matnrad and more deve ? loped, these defects are remedied. One of the objects ' of the approaching synod is to promote the wishes of I the clergy in regard to the disciplinary laws. In a ; new church the clergy are movable at the will of the I bishop ; but in an old church they have, what I may ! call, fixity of tenure. | Do you intend to adopt this principle of fixity of ? tenure ? — Some measure, it is to be hoped, will be I adoped so that this principle may be extended through ' Australia. j Do you consider that your church is beset by any 1 grate difficulties ? — We desire to have the truth made | known. We desire nothing to be suppressed. W.hat we have to fear is the misrepresentation of Catholic views. Unfortunately there are in Australia those . who do nothing but misrepresent the aims and objects of the Catholic Church. Is that misrepresentation prompted by jealousy ? — Well, no. It is sometimes from ignorance and some times from malice. Beyond the distinction, what are the duties devolv ing upon a cardinal? — The most important duty de volving upon a cardinal is to take part in tbe election of the Soverign. Pontiff on the death of the Pope. . And as cardinal yon arealsc* eligible for the supreme distinction ? — Yes ; the cardinals can elect which of their number they please. Is not the distinction which has been conferred upon you somewhat rare for anew churchlikethat of Austra lia-? — Tea. ItisixiEtrisingcontraat'wiiib.tlie American church. They had to wait 100 years.' The first of that church who had the distinction Was Cardinal M'Gloskey, who has just -died. ? At present there is not a oardin&l; in America, and I am tie only cardinal in the whole of the southern hemisphere. This is the first instance of a cardinal having been given to a church at so early a period of its history. THE VOYAGE FBOM ENGLAND. Despite the superstitious prognostications of the 'old salts ' thatthe strong representation of the clerical element forebode catastrophe, the Liguria has made a, voyage which, for immunity from disease, death, and disaster, ranks . as unique in the records of this vessel. With the exception of a slight accident to tbe steering gear, when nearing Adelaide ; a brief spell of lively tossing when in the Mediterranean ; and walk-perplexing roll when off Cape L&utrin;, the voyage thronghont has been monotonously pleasant. Even the dreaded heat of tho Bed Sea, and the fierce rays of the tropical sun, were tempered into toleration by a gentle head wind. The Cardinal's wishes and re quirements have, as far as space .and circumstances -would permit, been consulted in every way by the Orient Company and their courteous com mander, Captain Conlan. One of the saloon berths was converted into a comfortable apartment, which served the double purpose of a study and sitting room. An adjoining cabin was dedicated to the sacred purposes! of an oratory, where daily mass lias been celebrated... In addition, to this, Captain Oonlan and the first officer, Mr, Perry, have spared neither timo nor trouble in theerootfon of a temporary chapel on the qoartor-dook, where, every Sunday morning, divine eorfioe has been hold, .the appreciation olihie privilege being clearly enown by the regularly large attendance of passongprs. from, all fvia .of the vessel.- While preserving ithe dignity vttocbingr to bi* exalted position, the Cardinal lias afiably mingled «rithbi«f allow voyageri, and htm Impieeiii all by his courteous demeanor and :?? ' :'?' -?-?.???? ??-.-? ?-.???».'?....?. -^ ??-? general urbanity. Hie. willingness to comply with the wishes of ? all may persapB be best exemplified by ah incident which took place on the Williamstown Quay. A brawny, horny-handed son of toil took up an isolated position on the Liguria on Sunday and there waited -with' serene composure until flie Cardinal, accompanied . by several divines, left the vessel for the purpose of visiting Archbishop Goold. With all haste the man followed his Eminence and, with a display of reverence becoming a devotee, requested the privilege of 'shaking hands. The request was readily granted, the man's gratification being clearly betokened by the beaming expression which radiated his face. At each of the ports at which the Liguria has Called, she has been boarded by a number of Catholic ecclesiastics, who vied with each other in the earnestness with, -which they pre sented their congratulations to his Eminence. At Naples the clerical contingent was led by Consignor Jacobini, secretary to the Propaganda, and the Eev. Dr. Verdon, principal of the Irish College at Borne. At Adelaide his Eminence was the recipient of three addresses — one from the clergy, one from the laity, and one from the members of the Hibernian Catholic Benefit Society. The first io board the vessel at Melbourne were several priests, who risked the inconvenience of a ' surging crowd, in order that they might take the initiative in pre senting the felicitous greetings of the Victorian church. On Sunday the Cardinal was visited by a number of religious partisans, conspicuous among them being a deputation from the Melbourne Hibernian Benefit Society. The deputation was headed by . Mr. Nolan, who, on behalf of bis colleague's and those whom the deputation repre sented, presented to the Cardinal an illuminated ad dress, couched in terms of the warmest congratulations His Eminence, in reply, spoke of the great value of such societies as that represented by the deputation, not only to the members they befriended, bnt also on account ' of . the strength they ' infused into the Catholic Church. Mr. O'Connor, M.L.A. for West Sydney, also visited the Cardinal, and tendered the congratulations of the Catholic laity 'of the Victorian diocese. The following are the clergy who have accompanied his Eminence from London: Bevs. A. Boyle, CM., J. 3. Byrne, P. Byrne, M. O'Callaghan, CM. , J. Collins, J. Farrelly, E. Hurley, and the Bev. Dr. Murphy. The_ folio wing ladies (nuns) also left England with the Cardinal: Misses Dil ion, Wroughton, Kelly, Mowles, Farrar, and Eosser. At Adelaide, the Cardinal was joined by the Bight Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide; at Mel bourne by the Bight Bev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, and the Very Eev. Dean Beechinor. The Bight Bev. Dr. Griver, Bishop of Perth, and the Bight Bev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, were to have joined the party, berth3 having been taken for them, but they were unavoidably prevented from doing so. ? 