ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (Br Tne GHOST.) Mr. Service may propose, but it is clear that others dispose. Week after week the order in which he intends to take the busi ness in the Assembly is duly announced, and week after week the Premier finds it impossible to carry out his programme. Thud,-.duri g the past. week- the.Eederal. Enibling Bill was to be passed, the Fac tories 'anu Electoral, Bills advanced a stags, and the estimates dealt with. But the head of the Government appears to have reckoned without his host, at all events without the host of obstructive' babblers, who, apropos of the federation" question, inflicted their dreary twaddle on their fellow members. Mr. Mirams, who is fast developing into the bore of the House, wasted two hours 'and a half in opposing the Federal Enabling Bill, mann dering on, while the rest of the paid bugis. lators were solacing themselves in the refreshlment-room or enjoying a game of billiards.'the only end served by the re marks of the honourable and tedious mem her for Collingwood being that of proving lie had never read the measure lie was affecting to criticise. Mr. Mirams is certainly serving one good purpose. He is the "shocking example." lie is the result of the system of payment of mom bers. Had there been no monthly cheques there would have been no Mirams. The neighbouring colonies, who have of late been striving to assimilate their institutions to ours, and imitate the example set by Victoria of "reimbursing their expenses" to their legislators, should take warning by us. The Spartans used to make a Hlot drunk in order to instil in the minds of all and sundry the degradation of the vice of intemperance. The Victorians have only to point to the fussy, obstructive, vain glorious little representative of what the late Charles Jardine Don, in a flight of eloquence, designated "the purloins of Collingwood" to see what they may expect when they pay members of Parliament. However, despite the obstruction, the Federal Enabling Bill has been read a second timo, and one important step in the direction of the unification of Australasia lisa therefore been taken, and this first move having been made towards' building up another nation, it is devoutly to be hoped the edifies will ere long be crowned. In regard to federation it may be well to bear in mind the well worn French pro verb, cc n'est que he premier pas que cosle. There are some twonty-four more days before Christmas is upon us on which the Assembly is to meet, and there is, there fore, unless it should be determined to sit in January, very little chance of the Electoral Bill or the Factories Bill being dealt with by the present Parliament. This will no doubt not be with the majority of the people's representatives a matter for very great regret, for without. 'these measures to dilate upon there will be a great dearth of subjects upon which candi dates for legislative honours con wax eloquent. Fortunately for the colony, there are at the present time no " burning questions," and the selection of candidates will therefore be decided rather on personal than on political grounds. This will obviously be an advantage, for it will pre vent the Assembly from being flooded by a lot of political characters ever ready to take up any parrot cry which will secure them a seat.. This was the case during the election of 1877, and assuredly no sane person desires a recurrence of those- evil days of " broken heads and houses in flames," and " Black Wednesdays." What a pity it is the throat affection under which Mr. Service is labouring does not assume an epidemic form and attack the majority of the talkersin the Assembly ! What ascnse of relief would be experienced by all who are obliged to listen to the wearisome debates were Messrs. Miramns, Gaunson, Bent, W. C. Smith, and Laurens to lose their vocal powers during the remainder of the session ! Even to the honourable gentlemen named the affliction would really be a " blessing in disguise," for it would prevent them from making themselves ridiculous in the eyes of the world, and save them from further displays of ignorance and folly. One good purpose, and one only, is served by the incessant gabble of the chatterers. Proof is afforded of the lung power of theeaverage Victorian, and Dr. Rose's assertion that we are " sadly debilitated in constitution, have soft muscles, and are incapable of sustained exertion." emphatically and practically contradicted. As a matter of course-no pun is here intended-the melancholy accident at Caulfield during the race for the Cup, which resulted in the death of the jockey Nicholson, could not be allowed to pass without the opportunity being seized upon by the goody-goody Melbourne journal to "improve the occasion." Accordingly, in an article expatiating upon the wickedness of horse racing, the writer duly sermonises the untegenerato persons who patronise the sport. How thoroughly the virtuous scribe understands the subject upon which lie assumes to enlighten a benighted public may be gathered from his descrip tion of the Cup race. " Forty-one horses launched on a narrow course, urged at their most furious speed with whip and spur, jostling each other at every step," with "jockeys taking a short cut across the course," must have been indeed as curious sight, and one unique in the annals of horse racing. In the interests of the few readers of the daily broadsheet in question it is sincerely to be hoped that the reverend editor knows more about his legitimate business than he apparently does of the pastime lie denounces. Can it be horrible thought !-that he is ignorant of the antiquity of racing, asd of the incidental caution to betting umen conveyed by the saume high authority that informs us "the race is not always to the swift." Mr. Andrew Sutherland is, after all, the deus ex mchina destined to lift the General Presbyterian Assembly out of the Ser bonian bog into which its intolerance has plunged it. The question he put to the " orthodox " divines at the conference between the late congregation of Scots Church and the Presbyterian Assembly has had the effect of inducing some of the meat rampant of the "unco gold" to open their eyes and to think. And as enlighten ment and thought are hardly consonant with narrow-uminihdodigoeu'y, 'change hes~ come o'er the ospirit of the Ilentouls and M'Eachierna, snd the inhibition preventing thse congregation of the deposcil Mr. Strong from choosing their own minister is to be removed. The meeting of larsmen, called to consider the qiseetion and. the falling off in the revenue of th echusrch, caused by the oL'ste of disruption into whichs it baa been brought, have doubtless not been without their due effect in hein" log about a ehasuge iin the temper of th~e clerical section of the Asioushly. Any way, whatever the cause, it is eatiofisctory to be able to state that there is every probsbslity of a speedy torminatison to the uniseemly squabble which lies done so mnuich to bring both parties to it into disrepute. Perhaps as a couisterblast to the insper tinently inquisitive question in relation to the cost to the colony of bee Majeoty's representative, every towe, village, and hamlet of Victeria lies been dieplaying its anxiety to he chosen as the locality for the Gorernor's ssismer quartere. Gheelong has offered a free alto for a residence and a goodly sum towards building the vice-regasl mansion, Bleechiworths is desirous of being honoured wsithm the Isresence of Sir Henry Loch, and the Giippalauilere and the dwellers in the miountainouis regions of Malden are sll agog to hue blessed weith the gubernatorial iireoence, Brighton, Qiieenscliff, Lorni, asud Cohac are all anxious to book iin the sunshine uf vice royalty. Collingwsood is really the only lilace of soy impurbiuses that lies, as made no sign. Yet sorely aeoie " eli~s spot' numighst he found, asy in the vicisnt of the Reilly-street drain, and then wehat an advantage it would be to the Queen's representative to have always, so to speak, at his elbow the honourable member, who, in anticipation of his coining dignity, has christened the building society of which he is secretary " the Premier." If the Ministry do not to a man plump for the Collingwood site their conduct may cer tainly be put down to envy of the coming great man I It is rumoured that the caterer at the late Parliamentary picnic on board the s.e. Wairarapa intends to bring an action for damages against Dr. Rose. In his now famous speech ths.memberfor-Noeth Afel bourno asserted thAt, as a'r ile,Vibtorians hadm'a" psor digestiyd okpariotusm." Asathme usfortudnato caterer baseed his mdslcimletions upon this inforniatidnioimd in cdnsetmidece of its jrovcd falsemes, siustained a heavy loss, he considers fe `las oeither' a valid colaii on Parlijment, or a.good cause of actioni. Octoher 25. 