A BUJjli IKCIDBNT. out»othin»sto caw the whole worW wtth * »ene« of Asstraliaa Vte**** «.«.!- sreater traeedlee. more thnUing werta,««»«rf «»bl«iier«sim ****»*{ perseverance, and far tigher qiiallty -* romance have been permitted to pass un- 1 noticei The last of these and greatest in Hm appeal to the broad tanas Inhsrew U an item of most ordinary news from Tuiuut Dropped in *he dsily stream I whiob converges from all quarter*, ! occupying about the eame space, aud cauBiog, apparently, about the same con cern as a publicans* race meeting, a shearers' apree, a washing up of a battery or sluicing claim, is artory whose horror and jsigDificance exceed the tragedy ot tne Mignonette as much as the emotions of any general humau group exceed those of anv individual The story was told on Monday. It is very brief. A woman » left in a hut with five small children. Har husband is shearing at a Btatioo six miles aWay. The nearest neighbour Uves four miles across the ranges. The baby becomes sick and the mother alarmed. She must get * doctor ; she must reach her neighbor's, aud ask the good man t J ride into Tumut It is nearly evening as j she starte, the baby wrapped in her arms, Freddy the capable buBh lad for company, J and the dog for protection's sake. Poor dog ! And now it is impossible to under- 1 dtanc what foUows unless you know ai little of the ranges. What picture does the word bring to you? Great blue mountains, cut by gigantic chasms, ribbed and barred with iron rock? It is not like that Keithei is it like the magnificent ridge, forest-swathed and) Miow-crowned, which Chevalier or Buvelot has shown to. yop. You may see a scrap of it in Johnston's picture, Off the HV.A ' i-, tJ,B National Gallery ; jUBt a wrap ot it— you must imagine all the rest, j Mile after mile of the same dreary monotony, mile-long wastes of box forests, all the ground beneath strewn with dead leaves *nd broken twigs and whitened boughs ; occasionally a grauite boulder] protruding, and in the deptb of each , lollow a patch of flat with long brown grass and a waterhole, black and fcetid before the rain, brown and turgid after; track also without end. Ko doubt about bark ridge appears as it should, and beyond it the purple head of Kosciusko, or the. darkening mass, of the Kmdra mountains. Yes, they are growing dark, and the spn is BettinR ; but it cannot be far to the neighbour's. There are three tracks iww-one to the old sawyers camp, the other to the deserted lead. | Tins must bs the one; there is a fresh j horse-tr»ck on it. Hurry along ! 1H« dog bounds barking ahead and sees a -ssum. Freddy w.juld like t-» climb and chop him out. No ;imts now. Baby whines so |.itflously. Uubh, bal.y. Hun-v, hurry ! Ah I there goes the sun. The 'in-.tlier can f.'«l soiii«tl.n.t' like cerium h-pa pasfiiu^ out A Her soul as me liist yellow glare rifn-s from lau tree tops, aud like an h...Lu..1 U«sti 1..o6l-..c« steam uptne hillside si-..1, away -ail, wl.ithor! Whithuv, indm-d-l lici-cHie moic traoKb, nv.ve am* ui»re. Whore, nhomd li.e nuiuntiiiu be, uhore tins iroiil.a.K iiJae ! j Tliere are cL.ikU rising, then; is -.' , mountain to b,. seen. The d;iy is t'l.iug ; the night cmios-so sw.rt, so sn.l, s-'- Btrai.fio. Do you know how it ciiK-t. J 1 will let another speak, for 1 know 1( my eolf can never speak «o welt:— i'«l Kwtes-i«e and distorted trees, huddled 'ie.e and there together in the gloom like whisiiering conspirators ; the little open flats encircled by bouluc-ra wlnci. seen w.-= forgotten altars of some unholy worship '. the white, bai-e, and ghastly gums Bleaui moniontarily amid the deeper shades of the forest ; tho lonely pools begirt with j shivering reeds, and hauuted by the melancholy bittern only ; the rifted and drawsled creek bed, wliich seems violently coiured out of the lacerated earth by some savage convulsion of nature ; the silent aud solitary places whore a few blasted trees crowd together like withered witches, who, brooding on som» deed of blood, ..„?« iv»n aiirlilcmlv stricken horror-stin. Riding tlirough this nightmare landscape a whirr of wings and a harsh cry diBturb you from time to time; hideous and mocking laughter peals above and about you ; and huge gray ghosts, with little red oyes, hop away with gigantic but noiseless bounds You shake your bndlo, I the maro lengthens her stride, the tree trunks run into one another, the loaveB make overhead a continuous curtain, the i earth reels out beneath you like a strip of cray cloth spun by a furiously flying loom, the air »trifee» your face sharply, the bush, «l..,o.,0 rnnv and colourless, parts before you and closes behind you like a fo«. You lose yourself in the prevailing in- j decision of sound aud colour. You be come drunk with the wine of the night, and, losing your individuality, sweep on ward on a flying phantom, in a land of shadows.' _, But not so to the poor woman. The night to her brings desolation, horror, despair. The clouds have covered all the stars. The wind sighs, sobs, howls. The ! chatter of the 'poBBomB ib hushed, lhere are no more noises of bouncing, startling foet Only the curlew slineKs iouoer ana louder, and the little voice at her heart moans in a lower, lower tone. Tho rain comes with a hiss, the storm with a crash. The little boy huddles in her skirte ; the boughs creak above : the whole voice of the forest roars. Ah, night and storm and darkness, ye are wondrous cruel ! She must sit stiU till morning. She had been told so. Alwayb sit still and wait for the sunrise. Sunrise comes- ] tho blessed sun ! How it lights the wit , Euui leaves ! how it makes every quartz lebble spark 1 Baby is very stiU. Open out the wet shawl and let the dear, the 11 ? j „.... *,l*;»ia^fcn hnr aW YeS. DUC baby wakes, and still meaningly. Some mysterious pain *hat masters all the mother's craft. We must find the doctor. Come, Freddy. No ; 110 breakfast Ah, that is good. Hover. It must be that I track. On, and on, and on. And how i hot the sun grows; how different from i the genial, the gentle heat of the first low 1 rays Garu.euts are steaming, poor nmbs are trembling now, strength is waning *ith every step, and baby cries louder. t 1 ? -. «„ /.Wiitor in the history of this world disci-sing a keouei anguish than must have lx*n endured by that mother as she put, the parched, lips of her recovering infant t-l hor breast, and knew that the life source was dried ! I can imagine no higher act of real strong, true, I womanly heroism »ha» the killing of. the poor dog aud the attempt to revive the E&ti.; /chUd *i*b toUood. I can pic- I ture nodoeper despair than followed the faUure of that tn»e maternal effort— the I watching of the closing eyes, thestiffeumg l^d now where is the Amjndto painter who grumbles ''r''^1*^ ' his art u not appreciated, or who growls that the dreary jnonotroous bush 1 yiettjt him no inSPiriWPB s ®M-W me ^^ ^ Sntioientof ttewcond right, *hen .very voice. »very *-»?d hjw »w'H when curlewacallmg and night owls !: ,-*-. ing, and hideout vermin vbbenng «i ^ telU became spirits, ghosts, ghouls, lo^TSateh that'dead, cold burden, wteMMt moan would now be sweet est music that hunvw bps ould make. It is your canvas of Lenore, your thrul ing presentetion of Borger's. ballad, hor-. rible, ghastly, -weird! There was far more in the bush that night . And when Freddy could walk no more.. when hunger had ceased ta gnaw and utter weariness oppressed him ; when by the side of a waterhole failed by tho, 1 : j. ? :_ .u laSfl rii« Aetna nnbr dairu. recen*'11' au-a ?*??' ' r ? ft- it »nd saw Freddy sink to sleep, and herself hurried ou again, bo weak, so footsore,, but «o full of motherhood «-at she could uot, would not, yield. On through, another night, another dawn, another weary day, and it the afternoon, more eyes, a blue whsff of smoked-sure siim of ' some human companionship — yes, a hut. The starving lad wearily watching and: tjlyinc h Is gum-leaf fan about the dead, baby has a bald and ghastly horror. I would not dwell upon it. 1 would con centrate all interest upon the strong,, true, suffering motherhood. I would claim for it attention— recognition. I would mark the episode, not because it. satisfies ja desire to sup full of horror, but. because t punctuates the dull drivel of our daily life with an appeal no. loss to. honest adniiratian than to common ana, general interest— ' F. M.,' in the Echo.. 