SPORTING NOTES. (BY BL?CKcTcnouN.) The Sportfsman says that the Hon. Wni. Pearson sends Fryiugpan to the Kilmany Park stud. The son of Bethnal Green has been such a brilliant and consistent per former on the turf that his union with the Kilmany Park mares should be productive of some good stock. The second day's racing of the Caulfield Spring Meeting will be held to-morrow, and intending visitors from this district can secure excursion tickets by the last train this evening or the first train to-morrow morning, which arrives at Caulfield just be fore the first race. The Selling Itace is the first on the card, and the best advice I can give is to wait until the horses go out, and then back the favorite; but be it remem bered selling races are " selling races." The Second Hurdle Race I expect to see result as follows :-Duration 1, Gasalier 2, Problem 3. The Nursery Handicap is a difticult one to pick, but I fancy Manxmoan II, Trishna, and Jladdelina, in the order named. And here is another task, the Caultield Cup. On per. formances Despot should win, and to this unfortunate horse I am content to pin my faith, for lie has just the same weight in thiL race that lie carried so well in the Hawkes bury Handicap. As Prince Imperial meets Despot on 91bs worse ternis than he did at Hawkesbury, and then only managed to beat him after a great race, I fail to se how lihe can be expected to beat himn now, unless, in. deed. Despot has trained off. Of the others, I like Tom Brown, Gratitude, and Mozart, though I must admit that it is nothing but the long odds offered against Anglesey that prevents me from selecting him. For the Steeplechase, I fancy Chester (Harris), Lady Ashton, and Reticent, in the order named. For the Windsor Hlandicap, I am content to place them Too Too I, St. Odille 2, The Ghost 3. The Australasian, Lioadir, and llerk'ly" Times select Gasalier to win the Hurdle Race to-morrow. For the Cup, the follow ing are the tips :--.l strait.oian, Too Too or Tom Brown ; Leader, Despot ; lWeekl i'mcus, Tom Brown. Too Too is in MIr George Davis' stable at Caulfield, and under the hands of Mr J. Davis, is reported to be looking very ft. Prince Imperial, Tom Brown, and Veloci pede are equal favorites for the Caulfield Cup at 100 to 7. 