THE LEAVENWORTH CASE. BOOK II. HENRY CLAVE KING. XX. 'TRUEMAN! TRUEMAN ! TRUEMAN! .1 started, looked at him in amazement, a thrill as at the touch of a ghost running through me. ' And was that—, I began. •My .reason for denouncing the man I held before me, in the hall of Miss Leaven worth's house last night ? It was.' And taking out his handkerchief he wiped his forehead on which the perspiration was standing in large drops. ' You would then intimate that the face you saw in your dream and the face you saw in the hall last night, were the same ? He gravely nodded his head. I drew my chair nearer to his. ' Tell me your dream,' said I. ' Well,' replied he, in a low, awe-struck tone, ' it was the night before Mr. Leaven worth's murder. I had gone to bed feeling especially contented with myself and the world at large, for though my life is any thing but a happy one,' and he heaved a short sigh, ' some pleasant words had been said to me that day, and I was revelling in the happiness they had conferred, when suddenly a chill struck my heart, and the darkness which a moment before had ap peared to me as tho abode of peace, thrilled to the sound of a supernatural cry and I heard my name, 'Trueman, Trueman, Trueman,'repeated throe times in a voice I did not recognize, and starting from my pillow beheld at my bedside a woman. Her face was strange to me,' he went on solemly, ' but I can give you each and every detail of it, as bending above me, she stared into my eyes with a growing terror that seemed to implore help, though her lips were quiet and only the memory of that cry echoed in my ears.' ' Describe the face,' I interposed. ' It was a round, fair, lady's face. Very lovely in contour but devoid of coloring ; not beautiful, but winning from its child like look of trust. The hair, banded upon the low, broad forehead, was brown; the ' eyes, which were very far apart, grey; the mouth, which was it most cheering fe'aturc, delicate of make and very expressive. There was a dimple in the chin, but none in the cheeks. It was a face to be remem bered.' ' Go on,'said I. ' Meeting the gaze of those imploring eyes, I started up. Instantly the face and all vanished, and I became conscious, as we do sometimes in dreams, of a certain movement in the hall below, and the next instant, the gliding figure of a man of im posing size entered a library. I remember experiencing a certain thrill at this, half terror, half curiosity, though I seemed to know as if by intuition what he was going to do. Strange to say, I now seemed to ckange my personality and to be no longer a third party watching these proceedings, but Mr. Leavenworth himself, sitting at his ' library table and feeling his doom crawling upon him without capacity for speech or power of movement to avert it. Though my baclc was towards the man, I could feel his, stealthy form traverse the passage, enter the room beyond, pass to that stand where the pistol was, try the drawer, find it locked, turn the key, procure the pistol, weigh it in an accustomed hand and advance again. I could feel each footstep he took as though his feet were in truth upon my heart, and I remember staring at the table before me as if I expected every moment to see it run with; my own blood. 1 can see now how the: letters 1 had been writing danced upon : the paper before mo, appearing to my eyes to take the phantom shapes of persons and things long ago forjgotten as I had thought; crowding my last moments with regrets and dead shames, wild longings and unspeak , able agonies, through all of which that face, the face of my former dream, mingled, pale, sweet, and searching, while closer and closer behind me crept that noiseless foot till I could feel the glaring of the assassin's eyes"across the narrow threshold separatiug me from death, and hear the click of his teeth as he set his lips for the final act. Ah,' arid. the-Secretary's livid face showed the touch of awful horror, \';what words can describe such an experience as that I In ' one moment all the agonies of hell in the heart arid brain, the next a blank through which; I seemed to see afar and as if sud denly; removed from all this, a crouching figure looking at its work with starting eyes and pallid back-drawn lips, and seeing, recognizing no face that I had ever known, but one so handsome, so remarkable, so unique in its formation and character, that it would be as easy for,me to mistake the countenance of my father,, as ihe look and figure of the man revealed to me in my dream.' J • ' And this face,'said I, in a voicc I failed to recognise as my own— . 'Was that of "him whom we saw leave ,iMary Leavenworth's presence last night and go down the hall to the front door.' [TO 11K CONTINUED.] '! 