THE WEEK. — — The. Enabling Bill, through tho instrumen tality of Lord Derby, has passed tho Houso of Lords in a form which rcuders it unacceptable to all the colonics concerned, and unless tho 31st clause is eliminated during the passage of the measure through the Houso of Commons, the proposed scheme of Australian federation will have to be abandoned. His Lordship, in moving tho second reading of the bill in tlic House of Peers, was sufficiently explicit as to his reasons for the interpolation of the obnoxious clause. "It was introduced," ho stated, "in order to remove as tar as possible any obstacle to tho accession of Nctv South Wales." The motive was characteristic of lite man nnd of tho temporising policy lie has pursued in the administration of the department of Stato over which he presides. The power to ahrogato tiic laws enacted by the Federal Council would ne cessarily prove fatal to its permanence. It offered a premium for disunion and secession, and rendered tho deliberations mul decisions of the body a mere travesty of Parliaments, and as de void of significance as tho proceedings of a mere debating club. Mr. Griffith's proposal, which New Zealand is willing to adopt, docs not meet the difficulty. Tho Premier of Queensland suggested that tho hill might meet tho views of the colonies which at present dissent from its provisions if it were agreed that "any colony uiight enact in the measure by which it adopted the Imperial bill that acts passed by tho Federal Council should not be binding upon that particular colony unless adoptod by its own legislature." Mr. Service Yery properly re jected such a proposition, as it allowed the dis integrating priuciplo introduced into the bill by Lord Derby to remain intact. Nothing hut an indissoluble union ciui over weld the colonies together if tboy once federate. The history of the United Stales and of Canada should linve inculcated this lesson in tho mind of Lord Derby. Where strong local jealousies aud con flicting interests exist nothing short of links of steel con bind them. To accept of anything less would ho to'invito lamentable failure. In no part of her Majesty's dominions is her birthday celebrated more loyally than in Vic toria. Fiuo weather favored the demonstrations of Monday, the people are fond of public holi days, and the rejoicings seemed to be quite of a national character. Tho sovereign is the symbol of our system ot government, and it is well that tho chief personago of tho Stato should ho honored. Under a monarchy which retains no Tcstigo of tho old " divine right of kings" doctrine, and which gives us as full a measure of freedom as a republic could do, wo have every reason to bo satisfiod. There is nothing incon sistent with tho progress of democratic prin ciples in paying respect.. to_tho head of tho executive. The Governor holds his court hero in imitation of that of St. James's on a small scale, aud the harmless formalities servo to bring together in a service of respect to tho Queen's representative, paid in recognition of the sourco of governmental authority, tho foremost men in tho community. Tho celebrations bad a special character this year owing to the increased attention the war rumors have directod to our naval and militaty forces. Tho excel lent display mado by the local troops in Albert Park is a striking testimony to tlio fact that though we are not a military people we possess a fair share of the martial spirit, and that if we should ever bo called upon to defend our hearths and homes from a foreign invader wc shall not be found wanting in pluck or in capacity for well organised resistance. The scene of animation and enthusiasm winch occurred at tho review when the troops led off three cheers for the Queen spoke of hearty goodwill towards our citizen- soldiers and pride in tho rapidity with which they havo taken ser viceable shapo. In addition to tho list fe on Monday, his Excclloncy tho Go vernor entertained at Government House on Tuesday evening a company numbering about 70 gentlemen, chosen from members of Par- tiament, prominent citizens and heads of Government departments. Apart from the official dinner which it has been the custom to give in times past, Sir H. B. Loch introduced the English practice of lioldiug a general as semblage or reception nfter tho dinner. This softening of tho rigid lines of State ceremony into sociulity is a step which moots with general ap proval. After the stiff pageant of a full dress ie'ette there is a sense of relief in a meeting whicli admits of social intercourse, and enables public servants who work in different grooves to inter change ideas. The crowds attracted by the Hunt Club Itaccs, the Metropolitan Fire Brigades' Demonstration and the theatrical entertainments in tho evening gave evidence of an amount of well ordered gaiety which speaks volumes for theprospcrity of tho community. The re-enactment of the Crimes Prevention Statute in Ireland has been deemed a necessity by Mr. Gladstone's Ministry. Sir Charles Dilke and Mr. Chamberlain are said to dissent strongly from this view, aud have insisted upon a compromise that it shall bo renewed for one year only, However much tho public may re gret the decision of the Imperial Government in this respect, there is no denying that there seems every justification for the course proposed to be pursued. The antagonistic attitude and senseless turbulence of Mr. Parnell and the Irish party in the Honse of Commons; tho seditious harangues of tho Brothers Red mond, nnd tho outrageous conduct of the na tionalists and the Dublin corporation during tho late visit of the Prince and Princess of Wales to Ireland, all point to a condition of things which demands that the authorities shall be armed with exceptional powers to effectively cope with disloyal subjects and criminals. The suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act has alone enabled tho British Government to withstand tho most dangerous and wide spread political organisation that has ever been established in Ireland. Its embers still smoulder, and if fanned by agitators may again become a source of danger to the Empire. Mr. Gladstone, one would think, had corned the gratitude rattier than the execrations of the Catholic Irish. Tho disestablishment of tho Protestant Church and the passing of the Land Act, which relieved tho tenant farmers from tho cruel oppression of their landlords, were proofs not only of liberal principles bnt of friendly feelings towards Ireland. Bat Anglophobia is chronic with a large sec tion of tho community, which not even Home Rulo would mollify if granted to-morrow, nnd kindness having failed, tho .only alternative is left in coercion tempered with reasonable con cession. The successful annual demonstration of tho Metropolitan Firo Brigades' Association re minds us that wo have on organisation for the extinction of. fires composed of ac tive men who sliino in their athletic exhibitions, and that thoy would ho ' very efficient Iiad they tho organisation and ap pliances which aro now insisted upon in the chief cities of Europe aud America. Not only are our brigades -very poorly eqiiippcd, they have not yet a single steam fire engine among Ihcm, and. the means of convoying information of fires to tho depots, where the knowledge should he received without delay, are lamentably behind the times. When tho great fire of London oc curred over 200 years ago, tho only appliance resembling modern gear nvailahlo for its ex tinction was a squirt of threo feet long, capable of discharging half a gallon of water. Wo aro certainly in advance of that, but wo havo not got far. beyond the state of things existing in London in tho latter part of tho lost century, when there was nothing available for the suppression of Dies in the great metro polis but the voluntary services of the insur ance companies and the unpractised efforts of the boadlo and charity boys. Now there are not only well drilled brigades furnished with steam lire engines, but they work under an organised system, which enables them to he made aware that a fire has broken out within a fow minutes of tlio occurronco. London is divided for fire purposes into four districts, each of whicli has a fire garrison of from 130 to 140 men. There is communication by telegraph or tclcphono, not only with head quarters, but with all tho stations. This is a vast improve ment on tho former system of employing a class of men and boys as runners. It will beEccn at a gloncowhat a controlling power thcro must bo over fires when in a few seconds after the first alarm half a dozen well equipped bri gades are hurrying to tho scene of tho conflagra tion. In Victoria tho antediluvian plan adopted is that of having a tower for each town, from which a watchman gives warning of a fire i£ he should happen to seo it. If the Fire Bri gades' Association were placed under act o£ Parliament it would acquire an unproved status, the discipline of tho various bodies composing it would bo better,, and the way would bo paved for the efficient introduction of an improved system of working. It is fifteen years since tho Synod of the Roman Catholic Chnrch met in Melbourne, so tbat tho present assembly of the priesthood has something! the charm of novelty. There is nothing very novel, however, about the aims of this formidablo looking council. The mani festoes and anathemas of tho church do not. vary greatly. There are certain fixed subjects which excite ecclesiastical ire — and, not- withstanding the use of language ns strong as that to be found in the " Jackdaw of Rheims," or as terrifying as tho priestly denunciation which extorted from Corporal Trim the criti cism, " Our army swore awfully in Flanders, bnt nothing liko that"— tho evil spirits will not he exorcised, tho ghosts refuse to be laid, and the world goes on in tho usual way. It is . a little late in the day for cccicsiasticism, how ever perfectly organised, to assume the powers which wcro accorded it in less enlightened times, and which arc now merely phantasmal. It is natural that the Romish church should be up in arms against tho Education Act, and that it should be devising means for the recovery of somo of its lapsed classes, hut it is difficult to believe that synodical decrees will reverse a stato of things which is the inevitable resull of modern progress aud mental emancipation. There must continue to be mixed marriages while the power of love is greater than that ot the priest, and Roman Catholics will persist in occasionally becoming Freemasons, not withstanding tho extreme jealousy of the church in regard to secret organisations it caunot control. Roman Catholics have a perfect right to stand by their owe laws and doctrines, so long as the oper ation of the civil laws or the freedom of political lifo is not interfered with. But "the awful circlo of our holy church," ns regards the control of mundane affairs, is a thing of the past. As Princo Bismarck said during the passing of tho religious laws in Germany, we do not intend to go back to Canossa. Those who chooso may amuso tliomselvcs with wearisome and fruitless ecclesiastical con troversies, bnt the springs of political action must bo kept clear of the religious influence. There is nothing that has so hindered tho supremacy of religion as the struggle for ecclesiastical supremacy. Happily tbori is no longer any fear of civilised nations being sacrificed to a class, whether of Protestant or Roman Catholic origin. As Principal Fairbnirn lias said, the proper business of tho churches is to "develop, exercise and organiso to the highest degree, ' in tho wisest ways nnd for tho most honeficcnt ends, the moral and spiritual energies of the religions," nnd not to attempt to rule tho nation. The principle upon which the poor laws of England are based, namely, that every pauper is entitled to relief at the hands of tho State, has not been recognised in tho colonies. Con sequently, notwithstanding tho philan- thropic institutions which abound in Mel bourne, cases peculiarly distressing must occasionally arise, and, indeed, have fre quently arisen. Unfortunately in this respect neither the legislature nor tho public have been taught by experience. Tho Mel bourne Hospital, from its central position, its extent, and tho liberal support it receives from Parliament and from private individuals, is re garded as tho common asylum of all whom acci dent or sickness compels to seek its shelter. The rules, however, are so stringent that a man in extremis may be driven from its doors and left to die in the streets or in a prison as a homeless vagrant. There are many matters affecting the internal economy of tho institution which need reform, as was recently pointed out in a com munication received from Dr. Barrett, of Lon don,- but that which primarily calls for revi sion is the regulations affecting tho admission of patients. It is as intolerable as it seems in credible that a hard and fast rule should operate to the extent of inflicting needless hardship " and suffering upon a fellow creature at tho very point of death. Parliament, it is to be hoped, will deal with the question in a trenchant spirit when it meets. What is urgently needed, -we think, is that the officials of the hospital shall not be allowed a discretion in cases of absolute ne cessity, the proof of which should be that the patient is accompanied by a constable acting under instructions of his superior officer. Stringent rules are requisite to prevent fraud, but better that ten impostors should be relieved than that one genuine applicant should suffer as poor Mr Dendy did. Tlio self-imposed martyrdom of Mr. Dowie aud seven of his followers has excited tho sym pathy of a large section of tho religious community. Mere sentiment, however should not ho permitted to influence legal pro cedure. Reduced to its ultimata elements the case stands thus : — Mr. Dowie, with full know ledge of tho consequences of his act, deliberately violated a municipal by-law, which was Just; as binding upon citizens as any enactment ujjon tho statuta book. - For this offence ho was flncd- £5, , Shortly afterwards "he Rguin not only " paraded tie public streets/with liis adherents, hut was the cause of h very 'serious disturb ance. ' For this ho was again summoned, with tho result that a second fine was imposed. The languiigo and domcanor of the accused when before tho court were so offensive that he placed himself without tho pale of magisterial consideration j and tho police having "sued for tho penalty of non compliance with' tho previous order of the bench, and Mr. Dowie persisting in his re calcitrancy, -thcro was no alternative but to administer tho law as it stood. The delinquent was accordingly sent to prison. Where is the grievance of which Mr. Balfour and Mr. Mirams complain? The justice of the proceeding cannot be impugned, nor can the chargo of unnecessary severity hold good, for . the reason that tho usual precedent in all such eases was -followed. If Mr. Dowio were to hold his processions, like the trades societies, at rare intervals and receive special permission from the authorities, the case would be intel ligible.. But wben the public peace is invaded by the almost incessant occurrence of such de monstrations, the fact that a religious object is sought to be promoted does not lift them out of the category of ' punish able nuisances. If tho fallen cannot bo rescued and the wicked reclaimed, except by public processions and bands of music, it is time that the State realised the fact, iurd made ar rangements accordingly. Under existing cir cumstances the law does not endorse 6uch a' proposition, and the first duty of every indivi dual, whatever may be his private convictions, is to show obedience to constituted authority.' The followers of Mr. Dowie and the members of the Salvation Army are not treated excep tionally by local bodies. Any interference with the course of justice in this case would, wo think, be most unfortunate. Colonists will be interested to learn that Sir Samuel Wilson has succeeded in establishing — to his own entire satisfaction — his claim to be re garded as tho lineal descendant of King 'Alfred the Great, thus successfully competing with the reigning family of England and showing no less valid a title to tho throne. Tho discovery, which was only made recently, must rank as not the least remarkable of the 19th century. Anv one who has had tho honor of Sir Samuel's per sonal acquaintance will feel no astonishment at the announcement of the abovo circumstance, which is guaranteed' by the Loudon corres pondent of a contemporary. lias not Sir Samuel enormous wealth? and has he not for a trifling £30,000 purchased a paltry titlo in order pos sibly to disguiso bis royal podigrco? Were not all his predilections and sympathies with the great? Witness his purchase of Hughendcu manor and tho noble entertainments given to distant though impecunious relatives of our gracious Lady the Queen. Indeed it scarcoly required the aid of the Garter King at Anns or the Heralds' College to inform tho British public that tho erstwhilo shepherd king was a veritable scion of a race of monarchs. Possibly tho envious and hypercritical will raiso doubts as to whether Sir Samuel can claim to be in the direct line or from an offshoot of his royal progenitor. But that matter can bo easily arranged by a refcrcnco to the London finn which undertakes to trace a man's lineage in any direction to any- given source as far back as the Koachian deluge, even to the MacNabbs, who had a boat of their own during that me morable visitation. Fancy tho colonial Con servatives failing to make this cxtraordinnry discovory. Up to tho hist they persisted in regarding Sir Samuel, ornament of the party though ho was, as a mere member of "the wealthy lower orders," most of whom, instead of being descended from kings, tended in the early days the humble but toothsome porker, leased a punt in Tasmania, and paddled their own canoe for a livelihood or adorned similar occupations. ' 1 Blood will tell " is a popular axiom, and that it should have told in this case will surprise no one of intelligence. The machinery of tho law is proverbially slow, and rules of court are not always re markable for wisdom. Tho judges, how ever, may be congratulated upon having by the new rules relating to tho ad mission of barristers and attorneys just promul gated, removed one source of reproach. It will be remembered that a few months ago, Mr. F. T. S. Dobson, B.A. and LL.B. of tho Univer sity of Cambridge, was refused permission to enter into articles of clerkship, because he could not comply with the letter of tho law by show ing that he had passed a University matricula tion examination, ' which is of courso a test very inferior to tho examination for a degree. The privllogc is now granted to any graduate of any University recognised by the Unlvcrsity of Melbourno That thcro should have been 6uch an obviously unintentional oversight in tho old rules, is a distinct proof that legal luminaries may err in matters of common senso ns well as ordinary laymen. With regard to matriculated students of tho Melbourne Univer- si ty, tho law has been made a shade moro severe ; lliey must cither havo passed in six subjects without lienors in any, in fivo subjects with honors in one, or in four subjects with honors in two, it being stipulated tliat Latin in each case must bo one. It is just as well to insist on n rcspcctablo Btdndard, and this test ought not to bo boyond thoqiowers of any diligent young man. There is not much hardship in excluding matriculated students who only pass in tliroo subjects with honors in all, for thoy are very few in number. An important provision of tho new rules is that ivhich extends to attorneys, solicitors and proc- ' tors in any of t he other Australian colonics the system of reciprocity which has been applied to barristers for some years. Thcro licver was any sound reason why a distinction should bo made between these two branches of tho saiuo profession. The admission of attorneys, solici tors and proctors is hedged around with laws just as exact as those which govern the admis sion of barristers, and when the requisite proof of the necessary qualification is given, it is right that thoy should be placed in tho samo position in this matter. The point is one of interest to New Zealand and the other colonies, and the news of its sctt'emcnt in this way will doubtless be received with satisfaction. The annual report on the operations of the statute relating to the regulation and inspection of mines, published a few days ago, is highly satisfactory.- From it we gather that fewer deaths occurred through mining accidents m 1884 than in any previous year since 1(378, tho nuinbor of deaths which occurred being 41. The number of accidents which did uot terminate fatally also showed a marked diminution. Indocd, it may bo said that except for carelessness on the part of miners themselves the occurrence of prcveutiblo accidents has been reduced to ' a minimum. Un fortunately, a reckless disregard of dan ger characterises tho men engaged in mining. This was shown by the nature of the accidents reported last year. Some arose from jumping out of a cage in motion j others from holding a lighted candle closo to charges ; returning to missed fire charges before the prescribed time ; rushing to be first up tho 6liaft; standing too near trucks under shoots ; leaning over shafts in use, and disobedience of instructions. In one iustanco a man put his head between tlic spokes of a fly-whocl, which revolved aud broke liis neck ; in another a minor placed a vessel con taining dynaniilo beside a fire. Foolliardiuess of this nature generally carries its own punish ment. The decrease in the number of accidents may bo fairly attributable in part to the vigi lance of tho mining inspectors, and to the regulations of the department, ns well as to the necessity imposed upon companies of employ ing competent engine drivers. Many accidents havo resulted from engaging in superintending flic engino the services of men without training or fitness for the work, so that the lives of the miners wore always in jeopardy and were frequently sacrificed owing to nervousness or stupidity on tho part of the engine driver. The regulations respecting the testing of engines, tho protection of machinery and a stricter discipline in controlling the working of the mines have also had their due iuilncuce on ac cidents. The department in this particular may be congratulated upon tho result of the year's labors. The Australian Health Society iu Mel bourne, with its branches iu some of the country towns, direct attention from time to time to a subject which is of tho first consequence. No community in which the laws of health arc systematically ignored can expect to escape epidemic diseases for long. The alarming prevalence of typhoid fever in Sydney at tho present moment is a melancholy proof of the swift punishment which follows the neglect of Nature unerring laws. The distressing mor tality reported from the neighboring colonics is distinctly traceable to bad drainage of houses, stagnant water, exposed sewage and other well known provocations of malaria, including the proximity of night soil deposits to the water reserve adjoining Mount Benny and Mount Steel. Nor are Melbourne and its suburbs impervious to risks from cognate causes. Tho Health societies are doing some thing towards tho dissemination of correct ideas on these subjects. We bear of lectures having been delivered, and of "social meetings for wives and daughters" having been held. All this is praiseworthy, but tho evil requires to be grappled with in a more systematic way. Cliildrcn should be taught in the schools the true prin ciples of hygiene. It is at least of as much consequence that they should understand how to keep their bodies in health, and that they should havo some knowledge of those well ascertained hygienic laws which communities cannot violate with im punity, as that (hey should bo ablo to giro tho population of the chief cities of Europe, or name tho rcigntng houses of the Continent. Tho plagues of tho middle ages and tho virulence of small-pox in the lost cen tury were chiefly caused by unclean houses, filthy gutters aud accumulated masses of fester ing matter. The sporadic outbreaks of cholera which have occurred of late years' in England have nil been traced to tho transgression of fixed physical laws, and an efficient mode of promptly destroying inateries morbi in the feculent accumulations of great cities is n great want of modern civilisa tion. Tho laws referred to are simplo enough, and tho proper understanding of them is tho basis of human happiness. It is satisfactory to know tliut the city now possesses n largo amount of useful literature on this subject, which has emanated from tho recent International Health Exhibition held in Loudon. That exhibition, did a great deal of goodin bringing uudcrpublic uotico health preserving appliances, aud in disseminating useful reformation. Its publica tions ought to bo largely circulated among tho local bodies of this colony. It is only by n systematic crusado against insanitary conditions, backed up by tho careful inculcation of tho laws of health in our schools and tho spreading abroad of instruction on tho subject, that wo can liopo to reap tho boncfils and enjoy tho im munities which niucteeqtU CCJllury sciChCC lias , made possible to us, " " "" Tho termination of tho Afghan imbroglio, and tlic evacuation of tho Soudan by tlio British, leaving only a garrison at Suakim, have com bined to divest our ordinary cablo intelligence of much of its interest. The Guards have arrived at Alexandria, where they arc to remain for a time. Their detention there, however, it has been explained iu tho House of Commons, has no connection with tho late or anticipated com plications between England and Hussia. Lord Wolsclcy lias reached Cairo, and will probnbly. proceed forthwith to England. The New South Wulcs contingent left Aden aud is now en route for Australia. It was rumored that they were detained at their , last port of em barkation, and it was thought that thoy would lie forwarded to India, but tho statement turns out to have been erroneous. The Czar is reported to lifltn in ilin fnrl iftrnf Inn of Herat. and to . havo demanded that a political envoy shall represent Bussia permanently at the court of the Ameer, proposals which England is in no way disposed to concede. Thcro has been au outbreak of- Communism in Paris. The police havo succeeded iu quelling the dis turbance, but not until several persons had been killed and u largo number wounded. The French authorities arc evidently determined to deal vigorously with the roughs, many of whom have been arrested. The deatli of Victor Hugo is unuonnccd. Negotiations for the settlement of the terms of peace between France aud China have at length terminated satisfactorily. Tiio Canadian rebellion has been completely sup pressed, nnd the ringleaders will be immediately prosecuted for high treason. 