C t t t m b s . " Little Duke." The Tariff again. Ben on Newland. Phrenology to-night. " The Sunny South." Assembly only to-day. Tariff of compromises. Organ recital to morrow night. Elocution competition to-night. Population of N.S. W. now 947,986. Mr. Ronnsevell's pet verb—to grip. Old daddy Gottwalt burgled of £246. Another Bank robbery in Meibonrne. Craniums of M.P.'s sketched to-night. A new industry—preserving colonial fi3h. Upper House adjourned till September 2. Thow row cost the country £1,725 lis. 6d! Josiah pockets nearly a third of that big bill. The devil can quote Scripture—so can Mac. • The Treasurer is dubbed " Mr. Facing-bothways." Canon Green belongs to a ghost-seeing family. Oh! Josiah, Josiah! haven't yon got a conscience ? Mac.'s theology enraptured the deputation yesterday. Central sugar-mills to be established in Queensland. Architect-in-Chief's Department wants looking into. Queen slanders kicking against increase of liquor duties. Will Mr. Clements accept either of those offers of land ? Another big bill in prospect from official incompetence. Working men all right now—a King's heart bleeds for them. Federal Bank's branch at Hotham robbed of nearly £3,0C0. Mr. Glaister tells a talc of official shuffling and humbugging. Influence of Chamber of Commerce nil in these latter days. Mac. may not be two-faced, but he can turn his face two ways. The Chairman of Committees delights to trip up his predecessor. Mnst the country be saddled with pay men of that disgraceful bill ? Absconding Kadinaite caught, cashed up, and then allowed to scuttle. Appropriate lecture that to the oily boys of the Government workshops. " Jack the Giant-killer" still amongst the youngsters at Port Adelaide. Mr. Caldwell will preside over that phrenological examination to-night. Mr. Rees wishes to know how to pronounce " harass." He should know. Johnny Bray said to be a tandstickor match. He strikes anywhere. The public relief is demanded by clamorous applicants as a right, Irish Nationalist party only one plank of platform left, and that has dry rot. Chamber of Commerce -will have a word or two to eay about The Tariff to-day. Still the old story—the most deserving poverty the hardest of all to relieve. The Port Canon hopes to see a ghost before he'dies. Won't any corpse oblige him ? Sun rose at 6 29 a.m.; sets at 5.35 p.m. Moon set atG.26 a.m.; rises at 6.11 p.m. Chamber of Commerce sitting on new tariff this afternoon. Waste of time and wind. A woman whose husband was in constant receipt of £2 10s, a week has applied for relief. Simply monstrous that State funds should be thrown away in paying costs of a private quarreL Bismarck now disposed to discuss " amicably" Spain's claims to hold her own. Generous. Supply of microscope3 now wanted by Customs officers to discover silken threads jn bales of cotton. Mr. Tnd offered Mr. Cle-nents a block of land free if he will cultivate it. Will be accept the offer ? It is said a 2d. per lb. duty on imported fish will lead to the preservation of the fish of our own waters. Russian Bear means to hibernate until Bantam's out cf office—meantime will recuperate for contingencies. A presei ver tells us that a 2d. per lb. duty on fiBh will give the colonial a better change without enhancing priceB. We are told there's a probability of a preserving fish factory being started if the duty is kept at 2d. per lb. It is reported that persons are pawning their blankets in order to give the necessaiy bare appearance to relief visitors. South Australian Congregational Jubilee Fund £15,000, besides a promise of 10 per cent, oi all raised till 1888. Dull times, eh ? In \ lew of the additional duties the relief of the poor will cost so much more tbat a further appeal will be necessary to public charity. More than a month ago excursion trains we ve advertised in Melbourne for the September Agricultural Show; ours are not yet adveitised. Tasmanians don't want a Minister of Educatior. Old Vandies agree with our Tomky that the 'orny-'anded's youngsters know too much already. " 15 per cent, protection won't float many fresh industri?3 ; while you're about it give us 20 or 25 per cent., there's good fellows," Vrry like a whale ! Mr. Furner (imposingly) — " I move that the debate be now adjourned.'' Chairman (smirking)—" You mean report progress and ask leave to sit again." Victorian Railway Department issue at S_how time excursion trains to farmers covering a period of three weeks. Can't we do something of the same kind ? At a City Church on Sunday the minister, in urging the people to sing, Eiid those who hadn't the gift could make a joyful noise. A baby acted upon the suggestion, and be.;a u to crow, which caused a titter among the audience. In Victoria each Savings Bank depositor has £20 to his credit. That prcof of the ^reat advantages of Protection. Iu South Australia each depositor has £29 lis. Sd. to his credit. That's the curse of rot having Protection. Said Mr. Hourseveil yesterday — "Th's tariff will tax a man on the number of backs he has to clothe and mouths to feed." Ah ! the Political Crumbster has heard of twofaced men, but double- backed and multiplemouthed?—well, no! If you want to Bee a ghost select the stoiy entitled "Haunters and the Haunted," read it in bed alone, when the wind is blowing harshly, the window blinds are flapping, and with just enough candle to get through threefourths of the tale. Dog discs by constant use wear ont and are lost from the ring. Several people have had to replace the discs. A very simple remedy for all the trouble and loss would be to use green hide instead of metal rings to attach the disc to the collar. Now we are to be shackled with stamp duties the probate duties are to be increased and the tariff is to be made more complex, and the duties increased so that a larger amount may be squeezed out of the taxpayers by this underhand and objectionable process. 