THE r.jR.C. SPRING MEETING: THE CUP DAY. [BY GRACE DAKLING.] It's vory. .fino of you to say that I am n lucky girl to win tho Caulfiold Cup, l>ut you nBk cither tho boss or Paddy Gill, and tlioy'11 tell you I showed them a " go" good enough for anything, and lnnde tho Ghost givo up ovor tho last six furlongs ; and both woro certain that I was a long way in it. The way Williams got through showed he know ?\vlmt ho was doing, and the stable landed a fair stako, and I'm glad I put down that inis naniod Britisher, for he is not a gnmo one, anyhow. Ho fairly caved when I challenged him, and that's not like a Britishor anyhow, for obstinacy is a real Britisher's religion. Tho Melbourne Cup is tho race of tho year. Me 1 I don't feel any tho worse for my victory, but two miles is a bit further than I havo yet been ; but neither is there any reason why I shouldn't got thnt journey as well as I did the mile and a half; for my Pa tho Diver could stay for a week, and the Sir Horcules blood of my Mamma should assist equally well ovor a long journoy. You dld'n Nvish to bo licrsonal. Oh y ou'ro quite oxcuBablo 1 didn't like insinuations though. But about Cup Day. Well I'm told that the Coinmitteo miideno end of improvements in tho accommodation for tho public, and quite right too, for it's tho public that bring ill tho money, which brings owners, horses and bookmakers together. Tho Stand has been done up and improved wherever pos sible ; tho accommodation for tho ladies has been wonderfully improved ; refreshments are arranged on the best possible footing, while tho racing promises to bo bettor than at any previous meeting. Despite the un paralleled crowd which is oxpected on this occasion, there will be no fear of a repetition of tho crushing exporidnced in Tho Assyrian's year, while tho amount of rain which lias fallen already this season, assures us of fine weather, and hns rendered course and lawn like Tin Emoraid carpet. Never before havo I seen BUCIi verdure aud such a wealth of bloom at this Beason of tho yoar as is now to be found at Flemington ; whilo I'm told that the dresses this year are so tasteful, yot bright, and will be worn by such a host of bright-oyed girls that the stand will resemble a living flower show. Then on tho hill tho accommodation for its patrons has been greatly improved, and tho whole of tho enor mous orowd expected will bo accommodated without crushing or confusion, All sorts of amusements are provided to wilo away the short intervals betwoen the races, and whilo every comfort is provided at tho refreshment booths those who bring their own comes tibles can have evqry assistance and requisite to make their picnic enjoyablo, while visitors to the stand will sco that Mr. Straker has this year excellod all hit! previous efforts in catering. The programme is a good one, and has a noble entry, indeed. THE RAILWAY STAKES Opens the ball, and liore the cracks nre Blightly handicapped to tho moderate divi sion by penalties, but as a rule the craokB win; but with Honeydew Moonsheo, Ravons Worth, and Oakloigh, Isonomy, and First Chester iri thiB, a most exciting contest may be anticipated ; and at a mile and a quarter Winchester might upset tho lot. THE KENSINGTON STAKES Thon brings out a fine fiold of two-ycars-old, and as both The Nun and Maddelina are on gag"d, it shows that some raro quality will bo on viow, while The Fobber, Halcyon, Essie, and Dufferin, are to tho fore. Oh, what an exciting time it is from the instant the gong gives tho signal that tlioy aro away, until tho colors of the winning jacket flash by tho judge. TltE HURDLE I1AOE Comes next. In this the Agent heads tho list and I fancy that it is just possible that lie, Royal Maid and Duration will all havo a say in it, for Mr. Barnard has made a great handicap, and a rare contest may bo looked for. What a host of clever horsemen ovor jumps wo have in Victoria, and how the ladies lovo jumping events. Certainly Mel bourne is tho only place whero jumping is seen to perfection. THE MELBOURNE CUP Now promiooo to? bo tho greatest race over seen over two milos in Victoria, fully thirty fivo horses may bo expected to Mart, and each horse, owner, and trainor is conKdont of victory. What will win, I can't pretend to say, but I know I will try, and with Lord Exeter, Princo Imperial, Stornaway, Sheet Anchor, Kit Nuqbles, Acolyte, and myself, a pretty race would result if all tho rest were out of it, but tlioy ain't, and tho only advico I call give is to come and see it. And if you aro in tho paddock go to the rails when the Cup is being rnn, and as tho horses turn for the abbattoirs do you turn also and look at the hill, and as long as you live you'll never forget tho sight as tho faces turn like ono man's, following tho ftying steeds in their fiorce strugglo for tho palm of victory. THE NURSERY HANDICAP Follows, and hero such a host are entered that they'll tako an hour to look at. THE YAN YEAN STAKES Follows and this' Ins ovon iv greater entry, sixty horses having nominated. If this isn't enough Bpovt for ono day for anyone ho muBt be a glutton, and as I hear Paddy coming with a feed of oats I'll say good byo pro tem. as they say ill the Classics. 