ECHOES jF MAfLBOUURNE. (BY.THE GHOT.) One hears but little of the annexation questionnow. Ithasgivenplace tothoCoota mundra Railway disaster, which is at present the all absorbing topic of conversa tion. Even the presence in Melbourne of Queensland and South Australian Minis ters is not sufficient to revive the flagging interest in the New Guinea protectorate, and the conversations between Messrs. Service and Grillith, the leaders of the annexation movement, are now allowed to pass all unnloticed, the Press "inter viewers" being for the momnent othevwise engaged. The catastrophe nearer home has had the effect of turning men'a minds from the contemplation of the poksibilities arising out of a German occupation of Papua, or the seizure of the New Hebrides by France, and has diverted the torrent of abuse from Lord Derby and Mr. Glad stone far more efficiently than the culvert at Mullauly's did the floods waters of Salt Clay Creek. Speculation is already rife as to which of the two colonies, Victoria or New South Wales, is liable for the damages that "juries of their countrymen" will no doubt award to the bufferers by the wrecked train, oblivious of the fact that the railway authorities have not yet been pronounced responsible for the occurrence of the disaster, and ignoring the advice given by Mrs. Glass, of cookery-book fame, to "first catch your hare" before proceed ing to cook it. In certain respects this Cootamundra accident is not an unmixed evil. Besides serving the purpose of acting as "a warning" to Sunday travellers, it has been instrumental in bringing out the litent talent of the Victorian betting ring ai "bookmakers." Their accounts of the catastrophe are described by pressmen as "thrilling," "graphic," "vivid," and "stirring." But few descriptive writers are worthy of these epithets being be stowed on their handiwork, but then they do not happen to be "professional book makers." By the way, is this not another instance of how " the whirligig of time brings round its own revenges ?" We are all familiar-or at least should be-with certain epistles to the Hebrews; at the piesent time, the tables are turned, and epistlesfront the Hebrews are the order of the day. It is now quite plain that the bootmakers prefer £1 per week and no work to do than to earn their fair day's wages. On some flimsy pretext the agreement entered into at Ballarat between the manufacturers and the operatives was broken, and after working for a day and being "interviewed" by some of the Melbourne unionists, the men again turned out, and unless they re turn to their lasts in a day or two, will be even more on strike. Like the little boy who cried " wolf I" the bootmakers may strike oncetoooften. Theirfoolish andover bearing conduct is fast alienating all sympathy from their cause, and when this is gone the coin will cease to flow, and "the last state of these men will be worse than the first." Through the instrumentality of the Civil Service Commissioners the Vic torian taxpayer is now enabled to take in at a glance what the term Government service really implies. Sixteen full columns of the Argus are filled with the names of these barnacles, and there are, indepen dently of this host, some four thousand more individuals drawing their nourish ment from the State cow, who are not " classified" and who do not therefore come under the purview of the Commissioners. The appearance of the list has served to dispel many an illusion. Well preserved and well got up gentlemen, who owned to being 51,and to receiving £500 per annum, are now discovered to be 58 on last birth day, and to be drawing £210 per annum. How are the mighty fallen! An "inmemoriam" noticeluthe columns of a provincial journal had the effect ofrecal ling people's minds to the tragic episode known in our criminal annals as "the Pettaval murder," and a notification that " the police are in possession of a clue to the murder" serves still further to remind the colony that the perpe trator of the outrage still remains undis covered, although upwards of twelve months have elapsed since the foul deed was done. " Some surprising revelations" are, it is said, to be made in connection with the affair. Let us hope that the dis coveries will not, as on a former occasion, end in the finding of a mare's nest. Byron has placed on record the fact that the average Englishman "dearly loves a Lord." In Vic toria- this feeling towards the aristo cracy is carried to a still greater extent, the "nephews" of "lords" in the absence of this latter article coming in for a full share of the good things reserved for the higher titled personages. The records of this week's Police Court proceedings in Melbourne show how a knowing book maker was victimised by a couple of young men who gave themselves out as "sprigs of nobility," and after living at free quarters at the bookmaker's country mansion, drinking his wine, borrowing his money, and - perhaps - flirting with his wife, attempted one fine morning to pay him as sailors say - " with the foretopsail sheet," by leaving for Sydney under assumed names. After this, let there be no more talk about the "smartness" and "'cuteness" of the bookmaking fraternity. A glance at Burke or Debrett's "Peerage" would have proved to Mr. Sutton that his friend " the hon. Jack Lonsdale" was an imposter, the titled uncle a myth; and the least enquiry would have shown the ex pected remittance from home existant in " the hon. Jack's" imagination only. England has its cast winds, Mar seilles its " mistral," Sydney its " brick fielder," the desert its sirocco, while Melbourne can boast its " northerly buster," combining in itself all the un pleasant elements of the other visitations. If to the hot blast be added a scorching copper-coloured sun, the acme of discom fort has been reached in Victoria's capital. If Messrs. Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed nego had been set down in Collins-street during the early part of the week, with the scorching sun above, and the hot asphalt pavement beneath, there would have been no need of a "burning fiery furnace" for their punishment. Nature and the City Corporation would have Isrovided the re quisites for thseir torture. If one may judge from the hsabilues of "the Block," the ladies of Melbosurne have given up the fashion of the "short crop" affected by the sterner sex, Haa M~r. Langridge's proclamation abolishing "the close season for the bars " caused this revolution in the female capillary arrange ments Despite the temperature, which inside the theatres resembles that of the "audatorsium" of is Turkish bathing house, there have been very large attendances at the Royal and the Opera Hosuse, to witnesa the performance of " Cinderella " at the former, and "Sinbad" at thcs latter place of amuacusent, " Standing room only " is now the nightly announcement thsat greeto any unfortunate might swho is not fortunate enough to secure a ticket of admission before the hour at wshichs this curtain rises, Tise old lPrincess Theatre has closed its doors for thce last time, It is te ,be rebuilt, after doing duty, first as a circuo, and thsen us a thestre, for upuvards of a quarter of a century, 