THE VINEYARDS OF WAHGUNYAH. (Continued) BY DONALD BROWN The vineyard of Mr. Robert Turner is situated on the banks of Lake Moodemere, some four miles south of Wahgunyah. The lake is properly speaking a lagoon depending on the Murray River floods for its supply of water. Mr. Turner is one of our oldest settlers, and for tunately secured about 1000 acres of open forest country, extending back into the delta formed by the junction of the Black Dog Creek and River Murray. He first planted a small vineyard in 1866 ; there was about that time a "run" on vineyard planting, which lasted for a few years, when a reaction took place in consequence of the difficulty of selling the wines. Many persons, not being able to con tend against the times, either neglected to work their vineyards or grubbed the vines out. Although Mr. Turner was one of those who did grub out a small extent of vineyard, he is now one of the most enthusiastic in favor of re- planting. He has just completed irrigation works from the lake worked by horse power, and is well satisfied with the results on his vines and trees wherever the water is applied. The house, vineyard and orchard are picturesquely situated on the banks of the lake, on which the wild ducks, swans and pelicans may be seen gliding on the water peacefully unmolested. Being of a practical turn of mind, Mr. Turner has surrounded his young vines with a shelter of almond trees which grow rapidly and bear abundantly, the trees coming into bearing in five or six years, and the produce is always marketable— thus combining the useful and ornamental, a hint to intending planters. The nature of the soil and subsoil appear to be favorably adapted to almond and orchard plantation, as well as to the vine, being a red, friable loam resting on a porous subsoil, which quickly absorbs the rainfall and also the water used in irrigating. In the vineyard the older vines standing 6 by 6 feet show weakness, and every second vine is being taken up. Mr. Turner proposes to plant in future at 10 by 10 feet apart, believing more and better fruit could be got at this distance than on the closer planted vines, and greater longevity secured. An inspection of a few border vines along the outside rows shows at a glance the results of wide planting, and where water has been applied the difference is indeed wonderful. Like every other vineyard in this district that of Mr. Turner has its speciality, being famed for its distinctive muscatels and red wines ; the latter— Brown Muscat— is growing into favor in this district as a specially valuable wine. The cuttings do not root freely, but this can now be remedied by water, which it is intended to apply to the future extension of this variety of the vine plantation. Mr. Turner draws unfavor able conclusions against the use of wood in the construction of his elevated irrigation cistern. It is too porous, and the loss of water too great. The house and out buildings are surrounded with avenues of vines and almond trees ; thus Mrs. Turner and the young ladies of the house hold are domiciled in a sylvan retreat. The family is unostentatiously hospitable, and to all Mr. Turner is frankly communicative as to experiences and suggestions. We next come to the vineyard of Mr. Charles Brache, who, it is now about twenty years ago, was introduced to this district as a young man, all the way from Germany and curious about the wines of the district, prepared to buy if he could buy cheaply. As an observer of the wine interest in this district for many years, I have always found that there appears to have been from the first a surrounding of deferential re- spect paid to the Germans and French for their opinions as to the character of our wines, no doubt due in a great degree to the worldwide name of their countries for wines of a specially recognised class. Mr. Brache, who first came to explore, has now come amongst us to plant the vine, and has secured 160 acres of a choice red volcanic soil near Wahgunyah, 72 acres of which he had planted with vines in 1883. The ground had been cultivated for many years under cereals, and has been prepared by the plough as described in Mr. Chandler's vineyard. As the property is admirably adapted for irri gation by side contour drains, it is the intention of the proprietor to lay on water from the River Murray by pumping. He informs me that it is his intention to plant 150 acres of vines— and having just purchased an adjacent property of 150 acres, including one of our first planted vineyards in this district, from Messrs. Main and Baldock, he is bringing his colonial and German experience to bear in the development of our wine in dustry, as it may be sure, with an eye to the future prospects of the trade. Like Mr. Turner, Mr. Brache has surrounded his vine- yard with a plantation of 200 fruit trees, as a shelter against the high winds. He has pur chased the extensive and conveniently adapted cellars of the defunct Wahgunyah, Corowa and Murray Valley Wine Company, in Wahgunyah, and is now engaged actively in making preparations to purchase grapes from the surrounding growers and make wine therein. As a matter of history in connection with this as a wine district, it may not be deemed out of place to refer to the Wine Company as the first established in Australia on the mutual principle limited. During the depression of the wine interests some years ago it was thought relief could be secured to the district growers by the establishment of a company to buy grapes, make, mature and dispose of the wines, thus inducing capital to invest from outside of the district. It was also in the articles of association agreed to take grapes from the growers for calls in lieu of cash, money being scarce. Shortly after the establishment of the company the Oidium Tuckerii appeared for the first time amongst the vineyards ; and the in- experience of the growers as to the efficacy of sulphur to combat its ravages resulted in many vineyards in a total loss of the crops, and the growers found the calls of the company a ruinous tax, and the heretofore liberal banking institutions having put on the screw, some of the growers had to succumb, and finally the com- pany was wound up. Thus the property has fallen into the hands of Mr. Brache. Twenty- five years ago Wahgunyah was the market town of the district, and the outlet and inlet of all supplies from Victoria and Riverina. The river trade was then active, and business was brisk. Corowa, on the opposite side of the Murray, then contained only one small "pub," and a small store, which are now replaced by places of business two or three stories in height, and Corowa is the capital of the district, while Wahgunyah is only the attenuated ghost of the past. This lamentable change is owing to the border duties, combined with the heavy toll — 1s. per wheel — levied on all vehicles crossing the river. 