PROLONGING TilE AGONY IN AFGHANISTAN. Ik we were right in saving t >-t any arrangement existed betwe m 1 1- Queen s Government aril t io Czar int ia pit. -cut Afghan difficulty, we fear we were justified in predicting tint Ru--i? ,v 1 » as Boon as her military plans cr n <- seize upon H-r.v. There . ««« any serious obstacle in the way of de livering that blow, aud we mns ay tha Russia, with her n w evident and almost avowal iuemtious in tua dir-ctmn, would bo mad to lose the opportunity Nor need she be in any particular burr, about taking that decisive step, a our nearest troops t? th»' p!t<\- are -tih I A d . Uitnil a A . 1 ni 1 1 1<5 A -V A V t O the almost, uvo xiuuuiB . — - .. south-east, at Q lottib, and tmv «r sil few in numbers; while, if nports be true, and they are certainly more man i>r - bablo, Russia is firmly established wiriiiu three days march of the key of India, where she is collecting an overwhelm ing force. It may be tint t ie Glad stone Cabinet have sow- more pructic object in thoir abstention from a forward movement to Candahar with tin few sol diers at their disposil a1 Qii-t'iili, thm the lofty moral ideas which nr« Httrimiteii to them by their friends in England, be cause anysnch step would lea l ti the im mediate seizure of the rovetrd position by General Komaroff. But, as it is doomed beyond all shadow of a doui.t, we might as vrell accept tho position boldly, nnd at once. And what have we gained by Mr Gladstone's temporising policy in Asia, Africa or Enropo after all ? The aggres sion by Russia in the Eist, a temporary failure in the Soudan, not to speak of affairs around the Cape, and the opm and practical contempt of onr great mili tary neighbors. Bismarck uses us f " his own purposes, as if wo were nn i-ff-ie nation, and France, who has been for some time laughing at us, now show her tocth in a most mimisfnkeablc man ner. At least, it is said that she has joined Russia in bringing pressure to bear upon England in the Afghan busi ness, aud Frauce has never been at a loss fcr a pr< text for war if Bhe means i. She has already found the pretext which is simple t-uougb in itself, but wiil be ready to baud, just as it can he nban- doned at any momeu. It seems that there was a French newspaper published at Port Said, tho " Bospbore Egyptian," which was suppressed by the Egyptian Government, to whom it had apparently tnade itself obnoxious. Tho Fr.-ncii Government in a threatening not- de manded the rc-licensiog of the soppr ssd journal — rathera high-handed proem-dine for one country lo adopt towards another — and put their note in tho shape of an ultimatum. They b.ve, however, con descendingly allowed Nubar Pasha, the president of the Egyptian Minis try, to refer the matter to the Porle. This is simply a sop to Tur key, as tho Sultan will decide so trivial matter iu any way tliit may be agreeable to France. Here again Mr Gladstone is as " 'utnble" as Uriah Heep himse'f, stating in the Hoti-o <>< Commons that in this miserable matter " a certain amount of responsibility resled on the British Government." ! is really aggravating to be told by Mr Gladstone lliick-and-fbin supporter, after all this, that ho knows more about what he is doing tbau nnvbody else. The same argument might be used after he had wrecked the empire. At all events, we do know that he has brought iguominy upon England in every quaiter of the world, that whil he inherits I the rule of the dominant nation of the earth, be has reduced it to a position that there are none so poor as to do it reverence, aud chat while no power at that time dare even insult us, they all now with one accoid, revi'c us an I despoil us. F«r better the chances of a desperate war thau Iho degradation and absolute helplessness to which Eug- land lias been reduced under an insphvd madman. Beech worth County Court. — The next sittings of this court will be held on Thursday, 14th May. The last day for issuing ordinary summonses is Jsaturday. 25th inst., aud for the service of same, Tuesday, the 25th. The last day for serving judgment summonses is Friday, 8th May. We would remind intending suitors that no summonses for the court will be issued to-morrow (Friday), as Mr P. J. Dwyer, the clerk of courts, attends at Yackandandah on that day. Departure of the Mail. — The R.M.S. Khedive left Qobson's Bay on Tuesday, taking gold and specie to the value of £73,405 5s 4d. ltUTIIEHtiLEN AgBICULTURALSoCIETV. — A meeting of the committee of the Ruth ergleii and Murray Valley Agricultural oiiil FTrttf t/Milf tiral firiAinf'ir won Imlil »mv aa.usi.vuii.u4hi muviv mj u (uj iiutu ull Tuesday evening at the Star Hotel, Ruth- erglen. Present : The president (Mr \V. Booth) and Messrs T. Reeve, T. Looney, 11\. Trimble, D. Ralston, G. Graham, M. Graham, W. Graham, A. Hunter, L Leroy, W. Taylor, C. Keirath and G. S. Smith. Tho minutes of the previous meeting were read aud confirmed. Cer tain rules and bye-laws for the manage ment of the society were considered aud adopted, and it was decided to postpone the consideration of regulations till after the annual meetin?. lo be held 111 Mnv Mr C. Kiersth explained that a mistake had occurred as to the prizes awarded at last show in the first and second classes for wheat. A sample had been exhibited by Mr Jas. Scott, of Indigo Creek, which had been by mistake placed in his (Mr Kierath's) name, and was awarded a prize iu the 1st class. Mr Kierath had been awarded a prize for his exhibit of wheat iu the 2nd class, for which ho now made ap plication. It was decided that Mr Kierath be paid the amount for 2nd prize in the second class for wheat. Messrs M. Gra ham and R. Dixon were elected auditors for the current year. The meeting then adjourucd Ministerial Banquets. — The Hop. the Minister for Public Works (New South Wales) is to be banqueted at Howlong and Corowa on Monday and Tuesday, 4th. and 6th. prox. respectively. j — j — , Football. — A meeting of thosedesirous I of re-forming the Beechworth I ootball j Club of 1884 will be held in the Benevo lent Asylum boardroom at 8 p.m. on Seturdsy, 25th inst., when the election of .office bearers for the ensuing season will take place. Iutending members are re quested to attend. Omeo Police Court. — At this court on the 15th inst., before Mr Staveley, P.M., and Mr W. G. C..ughlai», J.P., John Lyon sued Matthew Bstirke for tho suin of £3 Os od, due for goods sold and delivered. An order for tho amount, with 2Gs costs, was made. Ogilvic v J. Hodgson was an ..u ...... ..-Kifli Inn defendant was dariiUit voOvj t(i fined 10s, aud 23i costs. In a case Seller v Spencer, to recover £5 for the trespass of pigs, au or-ler for tho amount, and 2s CJ costs, was made. The Betiunga Mining Dispctf.. — A telegram appeared in our last issue, to the effect that llio men engaged in the Wallace Company's mine at Betbanga were on Monday forcibly prevented by those men who have recently joined the Amalgamated Miners' Association from goingto work, and that there was not snf- / .a II— . Mv/viAAtivin tn (Iia fntnioltin ncieilv jnwirwtuMi »» »v Immediately on seeing tho telegram, Sub- inspector Thomas wired from Beechworth, making inquiries, and received a reply to tho effect that no disturbances had taken place, nor was there any probability of any occurring, and that therefore the presence of additional constables on the scene was not requisite. The men "out on strike" are conducting themselves quietly and peaceably, and there is at present no indi cation of any collision between the non union men. The Blind Asylum Concerts. — The pupils of the Victoriau Asylum aud School tor ttie liiinu who are to give a series of concerts, in aid of the building fund of the institution, in this district will give their first entertainment in the Town Hall, llutherglcn, tlii3 (Thursday) evening. They appear at Albury on Friday and Saturday, at Wodonga on Monday, at Beechworth on Tuesday, at Wangaratta on Wednesday, and at Chil- teru o:i Thursday, 30th iust. Tho ac commodation of the greater number of the blind children during their stay in Beech- wwrtli has been provided few ; but any person willing to undertake tha labor of love — ss it may fitly bo termed — who has not yet expressed his or lier desire to that efiect is requested to communicate with t he llev. Geo. Williams or Messrs Tans- well and Warren. Grate Oil. — At a meeting of the Vic torian Vinegrowers' Association held in Melbourne on Tuesday, tho president (Mr Li. L. Smith) brought under notice the question as to the advisability of the extraction of oil from grapestones being made au auxiliary source of profit to vine- growers, and arrangements were made for experimenting in this direction. An Extensive Undertaking. — It is proposed to connect Sydney with tho North Shore by means of a tunnel G000 feet long, under the harbor. The total i cost of the work is estimated at £400,000. The Incoming Mail.— The P. and O. Company's 11. M.S. Thames arrived at Albany on Tuesday morning, and is ex pected ta reach Melbourne next Monday morning. The Wodonga Marriage. — The " Border Post" understands that the sworn statement of Maggie Hipworth, taken before Mr. Thos. Iv. Mein, com missioner for taking affidavits in the coiony of Victoria, has been forwarded to the Attorney- General, together with cor roborative evidence of persons who wore present. This affair is assuming a wide spread interest, and justly so, from the fact that it has been characterised as otic of tho most demoralising incidents that has ever appeared in connection with tho institution of marriage. The Eight Hours' Demonstration. — The twenty-ninth anniversary cf the Eight- hours Society took place on Tuesday under the most auspicious circumstances. Evciy- ihing united to make this demonstration of the unit-d trades of Melbourne a red- letter day in the history of the colony, re- puts the "Telegraph." The procession, which was a pageant of enormous oime'i- sijns, left the Trades' Hall at It) o'clock, and paraded the principal streets with hands playing and banners flying. On arrival at the Treasury, where His Ex cellency and Lady Locli were located to view the possession, a halt was made, and the tinnds played the National Anthem. The Friendly Societies Gardens were reached about midday, and the sports w« re at onco entered into. The streets were thronged with people during the progress of the procession, and it is esti mated that fully 80,000 witnessed its movements. The sports, which were at tended by about 30,000 people, were first- class, and the whole gigantic undertaking passed off without the occurrence of any eventful catastrophe. An excellent banquet which was held on the grounds was quite a new departure at these gatherings. The reception committee very judiciously in vited His Excellency, the Ministry, mem bers of Parliament and representatives of trade and commerce to tiie banquet, wiuch was held at lialf-past two, and which was of a fedeial character. The Governor, in a very good speech, expressed his great admiration of the sigkt which he had wit nessed, characterising it as the most remarkable and interesting lie had seen since he cainlo the colon-. .Speeches were also mad oy Mr Service, Air Berry, Mr G. D. Carter,' the Mayor, LieutoiiaHt- Colonel Sargood and others. The demon stration was concluded with the drawin" of au art-union of more thau a hundred valuable prizes. Runaways Stowed. — Shortly before the arrival of the morning train from Wodonga on Monday, the police at i>euaua received a telegram irom Air John Devine, licensee of tho Rose Hotel, Albury, with instructions to detain two young female passengers — one his daugh ter and the other a domestic servant — who the informant stated had levanted with some of his property, relates the " Ensign." Acting ou instructions received, Ser geant Whelan caused the fair travellers to break their journey till the arrival by the next train of tho irate parent and master, who took upon himself all further tesponsibility. The young ladies were. quite taKeti aoacK wuea one or tlio members of the local " foorce" showed his authority to detain them in their clan destine flight, aud tlieir disappointment was but ill-concealed. It was rumored on the station that one of llie young women was proceeding to Melbourne to be married. " There's many a slip," Arc. Fire at Glasgow Cathedral. — On Sunday, March S, a portion of the wood work near the top of Glasgow Cathedral became ignited through contract with the heating apparatus. Tho flames were ex- -tinguiahed by the tiremen before much damago was done ; but the building was so full of smoke that forenoon service could not bo held. The Cathedral, which was built 700 years ago, is considered tho finest iu Scotland, the stained glass win dows being alone worth several hundred housand pounds. Indigo. — A correspondent at Indigo writes : — A very successful social gather ing was held in the local school on Friday, 17th inst. There were about 25 couples present, and a very enjoyable evening was passed. Several songs were contributed by the local vocalists, to wit, Mr Abbott and Misses Goodger and Williams ; and Mr Geminell of Wooragee, who saug two ceinic songs, " New Clium" and ' Down among the Coals," was particularly ap preciated. Air W. Goodgor supplied tlie musical portion of tho entertainment, and Air A. Goodger officiated as AI.C. in hts usual efficient style. Grape-picking and wine- making operations are completed on tho creek. The crop3 of one or two un fortunate vinegrowers were much damaged by the recent heavy rains. The weather is very fine. The recent rains have given a spring-like appearance to tho grass, but were not of sufficient duration to enable ploughing operations to commence. Rai-.bits on the Buffalo. — It is gratifying to learn that rabbits aro de creasing in numbers along tho banks of tho Buffalo River, where thoy were not long ago literally swarming. Alessrs ATr»or.» )imrlfta And iVfcCriifiiti Arc XI 91 U 2 pSiosphcrfeed wheat, which ia being dis- tnbuted by a Government officer, upon their selections, with good effect. _ Tho Oxley Shire Council's inspector has issued notices iiuder tho Rabbit Suppression Act ; but no action has yet been taken by landholders within this portion of the shire to exterininato tho pest. A Liberal Donation. — Mr J. Johnson, of Albury, has given £21 as a special prize to be awarded at tho forthcoming show of llie Albury and Border Pastoral, Agricul tural and Hoiticultural Society. Stock Movement. — Fourteen thousand sheep, from Gippslatid to Tocuinwal, passed through Ruthcrglen on Sunday last. New Insolvent. — John Reginald Ul- lyett, of Wodonga West, State-school teacher. Causes of insolvency : Frequent reduction of salary by operation of regula tions ; expense of tranfers to reinstatements which have proved only temporary, having consequently to borrow at high rate of interctt ; sickness in family, consisting of wile and six children, aged from two months to eleven years. Debts, £171 19s 7d ; assets, £12 ; deficiency, £159 19s 7d. Mr J. Fletcher, official assignee AIelboukne Sheep Market.— Only a very small supply — 7-100 — came forward at Newmarket on Tuesday ; consequently thera was a brisk demand, especially for really prime lots, which were scarce, and a rise in last weeks prices resulted. Prime crossbred wethers sold at from 1-ls Od to 17s, aecsrding to weight ; good ti prime, 12s fid to 13s GJ ; second, from 10s Gd to 1 Is fid ; inferior, from Ss G J ; prime merino wethers, from 12s Gd to 13s GJ ; good to prifie, 10s GJ to lis G i ; second, from 8s to 9s Gd ; inferior, from Gs fid. Fat Lambs — 20G0 forward. Sale were exceedingly brisk throughout, aud last week's high rales were fully maintained. Best brought from 10- fid to 12s Gd ; good, frm Ss GJ to 9s fid; second, os Gd toJ7s Gd ; inferior, os. A French Detective — AI. Buurband, the French detective, is to bo transferred from Alelbourne to Beur.ila, to do oflice work. Railway Traffic Returns. — The bil lowing is a return of the traffic on the Victorian railways for the week ended lGth April : — Miles open, 1675 ; total receipts for tho week, £37,153 10s Jld ; aggregate to this date from 1st July, £1,753,501 lfis 9d ; weekly average, 42 weeks, £51,859 Is 10d. Corresponding week in 18S4 : — Miles open, 1613 ; total receipts for the week, £49,804 IGs -id ; aggregate to date from 1st July, £1,695,999 -Is ; weekly ave rage 42 weeks, £40,380 18s 8d. Tub Pettavel Murder. — Tho hearing of tho charge preferred by tho Geelong polico against Mrs Beech and Francis Charles llaworth of having murdered Francis Beech, the female prisoner's hus band, at Pettavel in January, 1881, came to an abrupt termination on Tuesday. Practically there was no fresh revelation excepting that certain immoralities long since imputed lo the murdered man were brought out in evidence, presumably to supply the motive so far as Mrs Beech was conoorned, says the " Herald." The Bench, however, promptly and unani mously discharged the accused. The decision was received with favor by some in court, hut not by others. Then there was au exciting scene, and Mrs Beech fell upon her knees aud lifting up her hands, the while tears were streaming down her face, said, " Thank God I am inuoccrt ! Thank God I am saved ! My precious, precious Jesus and my God, my God, I am innocent !" Aud then she went into hysterics. Then followed a round of kissing between her and relatives, aud Uaworth walked calmly from the court. Infanticide. — A woman named Annie Judge was found guilty of infanticide at llockhiimpton on Tuesday, with a recom mendation to mercy, aud sentenced to death. a singing master for Beecuwortii. — We have heard on good authority that Mr lJ/J. Smyth, the'North-Eastsrn district singing-master, will shortly bo visiting the Slate-school at Beechworth. Air Smyth's fame as a teacher of singing to the young is well known throughout these districts. Successful concerts by the children of Wangaratta, Rntherglen aud Beualla, under the able conductor- ship of that gentloinan, have been held, and Beechworth parents may well feel pleased at his appointment as singing- mast-r at the school there. Cricket. — Tho return cricket match between " old buffers" of Beechworth and Albury will be nlayeil on tho Albury cricket ground to morrow (Friday). The respective teams will he chosen from the following: — Beechworth — Hon. F. Brown, AI.L.C , AL- G. Billson, M.L.A., and Messrs W. Telford, G. Gammon, J. Kyle, J. Goblsworthy, II. A. Crawford, J. Ling, F. Allen, G. Lyon, F. Kettle, W. D.iltou, S. P. Jessop, J. Fletcher aiul G Fortcscue; Albury— Mr W. J. Lytic, M.L.A., and Alessrs Bax, Ferguson, Jones, Norman, Billson, Nairlo, Matthews, Frew, David son, Hunt, Turner, Jas. Day, M'Lennan, AfaRformnn CI PSolmii wit- Tiivi/I M'Kellar, Win. Conley and G. Cattlin. The match, which is for the benefit of the Albury Hospital, will comme:-.ce at half- past ten a. in. ; the visitors leaving Beech worth by the seven o'clock train this (Thursday) evening. British and Foreign Bible Society. — The annual uuitedf&ervices; in connection with the abnvc society will be held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechwoith, on Sunday, ,3rd Alay. Tho annual canvass of the town for subscriptions, by a number of young ladies whose names appear elsewhere, iu aid of the society's funds, will be made during the next few days. The good work done by the British and Foreign Bible Society is shown by the fact that during tho eighty years of its existence over one hundred million copies of tho Scriptures have been issued through its agenof . A Councillor Fined. — At the Beualla Police Court on Alonday, before the P.M., Robert Roe, a member of tbe local shire council, was fined 10s, and £1 6s ®G?ti8' for an offence against tho bye-laws of that body, in having us.-d offensive language to the president. The words complained of were, " \ou are always ruling nie out of order ; you must have a down up»n me." Defendant refused to withdraw the expression, when called upon by the president to do so. Mining AIem. — Mr J. Hunter has crushed at Biddington's Mill, Palmerston, 14 tons of stone from hi3 reef on the Yaukeo Spur, Bowman's Forest, for a return ©i oioziociwlu yiuu. Leaving.— As AlissR. Cunningham has resigned the position of work-mistress in the Gundowring State-school, h er friends were desirous »f presenting her with some memento as a token of their feelings to- words her. The souvenir took tho form of two very handsome silver bracelets, suitably engraved, which were preseuteu by Air H. White, (head-teacher), who, ui making tho presentation, eulogised the qualities of the recipient, and conveyed tho well-wishes of the many friends Alias Cuuntiignam made uurtng me uu j y" and a half alio was amongst them. I he recipient was greatly affected at such a recognition of her faithful services, and thanked her many friends for this and many other kindnesses. The Education Census. — Tho triennial educatiou census is now being taken, but owing to the parsimony of the Education Department over the matter, residents, when the forms to be filled up are left at their houses, vaguely wonder what tl.ey are for, and leaves them unattended to, remarks tho "Ballarat Courier." The atnhiid n.nviil.i ihnt. a fliiniiiii of the chil- dren of the colony between the school ages over three and under fifteen years — 3l;aU be takou every three years. It is usual before a census is taken for tho Govern ment, by advertisements, and public notices, to draw general attention to tho matter, but In this case no attempt has been made by tho authorities to do this, aud people wonder what on earth the cettsus forms aro for. Tho collector for tho city, Air James Vhllina, is constantly met with inquires as to what it all mean?, and might, if ho would, spend tho next month in nothin? but answering queries on tho m alter. Owing to tho absence cf public notification on tho subject, some people are disinclined to believe that tho collector has any right to leave the papers or to request thai thoy shall ba handed back filled. Parents are desired to under stand that they are to state 011 tho return all the children in their houses between three and fifteen years of age, whether these children attend the State or private schools or not, or are at work anywhere. There is a penalty provided for neglect or refusal to correctly fill in the return. Is Arkear. — Our prosperity in Mel- bourne is not- quite so big as it looks, remarks the " Beualla Standard's" metro politan correspondent. According to a return to be submitted to the City Council this day, thbrc aro three times as many ratepayers in arrear as there were twelve months ago, and they owe to the city treasury ten times as much as was due on 31st March, 1SS4. The whole stun dne is about £2000, but then last year it was only about £200. The inevitable conclusion is that the evil of impeenniosity hti3 spread to a somewhat higher class of the community, and that nten last year who were able to meet all demands, find themselves this year compelled to shirk the rate-collector. A Dream Fulfilled. — A mo3t remark able fulfilment of a dream (writes the Sebastopol correspondent, of tho " Star' ) occurred at Ballarat on Saturday, when the young man Philip Sheridan sustained very serious injury through fal'ing out «»f a cab on the Ureswick road. It appears that a brother of the young man, residing at Sebastopol, had retired to rest at about midday, after working tho night shift, and lie awoke about 4 o'clock p.m.. when he in a voice of alarm called his mothur into the roOtn and inquiied if his brother was at home. Upon being answered in the negative he burst into tears and said, " Phil is hurt 2 I have just seen him sitting iu a chair with tho blood running down the aide of his face, and the ground covered with blood." His mother re- monstratud with the dreamer, and advised him to calm himself, remarking, " There is nothing iu dreams." The young man, howerur, rose aud expressed his deter mination to go and find his brother, aud lie had not proceeded far before he was informed of tho sad accident. Upon making minute inquiry it was ascertained that both the dream aud the accident had occurred at precisely the same time. A Wet Winter. — In an article entitled The Pastoral Outlook, the Sydney " Daily Telegraph'" concludes with the prognos tication that tho ensuing winter will be a wet one, and expects that by next Christ mas all traces of the acute misery recently experienced by pastoralists will have com pletely disappeared. It says : — " Much now depends upon the coming wint-r, and nobody can predict what it will be. The goveriimoiif Asfrnnninur Tina wnrk! fiti year3 with the utmost patience and per severance to obtain data from which to form a theory of the weather in this colony. He has accumulated an immense quantity of facts, aiul ho can tell therefrom the average rainfall in any of tho districts between the coast and tho Darling. But he cannot predict what kind of a season the approaching winter will be ; and he has often informed the public that until his meteorological investigations are much more complete than they are likely to ba for some years, he does not intend to make any such predictions. In that decision the voice of true science expresses itself. As science lias 110 positive promises or warnings to give to the squatters, they j in I.III uiitii IIJIUII IUI IIIU uaiuiun and encouragement they need. What is certain is that the chances in favor of the country having a wet whiter this year are moro numerous than the chances that it will have a dry one. We completed hut year a series of dry winter? ns long as any series of which the meteorological records at the observatory gave an account, aud there is therefore good reason for believing that the coining season is likely to furnish rain in sufficient quantity to banish any fears of drought and consequent disaster flint niflt? nVtoi tfk tll.O tlllllila nf mlM . . . . 1 Itiiiiii.1 «#& UUI It VI growers and cattle breeders." Osman Digna's Therats. — In a lettsr to the General at Suakim Osaian Digha begin by recalling the chief events of the Soudan War during the last two years. He ac counts the defeat and annihilation of the array of General Hicks, tho defeat of Baker Pasha, the capture of i-iakat and Tokar, the fall of Khartoum, the death of General Gordon, and the rt treat of Wolsley drivon back by the Madhi to Dongola. After recounting these t-iumphs, ho an nounce that the fall of Kassahi is imminent and that the triumph of the Mndki in the Soudan, will then be thorough and com plete. He then solemnly warns the General not to sa'dy cutside the walls of Suakim as if he does so his army will be driven iut> the sea, none being spared save those who will embrace Muh>>nu danism and become soldiers of the Alahdi. Commercial —Air Wlater AInmmery in our business columns notifies that he ha3 opened a new store at Bowman's Forest, where all descriptions of merchandise are being supplied at reasonable rates. Fire.— There is a popular saying that when two fires occur in a town a third may bo expected shortly to follow. What ever foundation there may be for snch a belief, we may mention it here because it was on Wednesday evening fulfilled t'1 Beechworth, when the third fire withm three weeks occurred ; the Half- way Hotel, a weatherboard building containing eight rooms, belonging to Air James Stephens and situated on the Lw.-r Threo ALm mul. heinf burned to the cround. The tiro was first noticed in the town shortly after six o'clock, and the firebell being vigorously rung by Air James Cross (who in his former capacity as night- watchman has on many previous occasions performed similar duty), a crowd soon collected and the fire-brigade with their apparatus turned out. It was soon, however, that, on account of the distance, the hold the fire had upon tho building, _ and the scarcity of water in the vicinity, the services of the firemen would be of no avail, and after getting to the top of Ford-street tuey were compeneu to ium back. The building was insured for £50 and the stock and furniture for a similar sum in tho Norwich Union Com pany's office ; and this makes the third loss that company has sustained within the present month. Nothing was saved, aud Mr Stephens will therefore be a severe | loser by the fire, the origin of which is I nut yet known. I The Water Commission in the Nokth- East. — The ntbmbers of the Water Com mission will, we learn from tho "Age," on Alonday next proceed or an inspection ««it A amihamI n In iltA \ iiwfVs - n.ttaf AIT) division of the colony. A Stranded Steamer. — The steamer Glendower, from Newcastle to Calcutta, which went ashore on a reef near Cook- town on Saturday night last, was got off safely on Tuesday afternoon, and is now anchored in tho Cooktown roadstead. Tho Glendower left London, for Alel bourne, on January 15, aud the paper on which this journal is at present printed formed portion of her cargo 011 that trip, being imported by us direct from Eoglaud. The Dog Act. — Referring to the ad ministration of the new Dog Act, the AlayorJ of the city, in his report to the couucil, re- echoes the sentiments of a number of residents in this district, states tho " Ballarat Stir." He says that the now Dog Act is not only very severe in its requirements, but also goes the length of making the council liable for penalties if through its officers it fails to enforce the provisions. Tho instructions of the coun cil lo its officers have always been not to trouble the citizens unnecessarily, provided the law is reasonably well complied with, but this Act is mandatory, and leaves neither council nor offioers any option. Death of a Stallion. — The "Alans- field Courier" reports that Air William Carey's draught stallion Victor, died last week. The serious loss is partially covered by insurance with Air I. H. Koi- aon for £100. A post mortem was made by Air AI. AleAIillau in the presence of AD M. Sndleir aud other persons interested iu the ills that horse flesh is heir to, when it wa3 found that severe inflammation of tho lungs was the cause of death. Freethinking Clergymen. — A correspondent of the " Ballarat Star" writes : — " On dit that a young probationer of the Wesleyau Church, who was sent out from the Ballarat district, is likely to be 'shelved' when ordination time comes, on account of his recent action in another colony, viz , lecturing on clairvoyance and mesmerism, and exhibiting a medium (a St. Kilda lady) on the platform. Also that a well-known popular Wesleyan minister, an M.A. of a University, whose views are not Methodistic on the Sabbath, is likely to jump over the traces during the year, and take a charge under the wing of Bishop Moorhouse." The Snake and the Piper.— Although late in the season, a few snake stories are yet to be found. The latest is given in the " Seymour Express," and is as follows : — "The best snake story we have yet heard of comes from Yea. A few evenings ago Mr K. Mc'Lean, better known as Kenny M'Lean, was passing away the time in his bush quarters at Switzerland, by playing The Campbells are Comin" on tho bagpipes. Suddenly a tiger snake four feet long sprang from the bed a few feet distant, where it was coiled on the pillow, and twisting itself round Kenny's arm, commenced striking at the pipes in a furious manner. Tho coolheaded High lander, however, never lost his presence of mind, but continued blowing until not alone the house, but the whole surrounding bush of an area of three miles was all a mass of wild sonorous harmony. After about five minutes, the snake relaxed his hold, and casting a despairing look at the green bellows of the pipes, dropped on the floor, and after one convulsive struggle gave up the ghost." A fci.Mi'i.K Remedy. — It would seem that there is some solid foundation for the report that a farmer in Burgundy ha3 dis covered thai tho nhvlloxera mav lm «..! rid of l>y allowing fowls to feed among the vines. The supposed discovery was mado by a farmer named Dodile, who ha3 two vineyards in tho neighborhood of Chalon- sur-Saone. vYhen the phylloxera invaded that district four years ago he noticed that while one of his vineyards, situated nt soma distance from his homestead, was attacked, the other, close to the home stead, scarcely at all. He thought that this was a mere matter of chance, and that the second vineyard woul 1 share the same fate of the first in the next season But this did not prove to be the case anil as it lias not been attacked since, while all tho othur vineyards in tho dis trict have been invaded by the inssct, Ill's #Vl»l nit It nfi>iUnfn C .. l 1 v,,,t «M»4»wuiu Wilts lllJIUUIIliy Cl> tho fact that his fowls have been allotted to go in tho vineyard noar the homestead, and that they eat the eggs of the phyl loxera as they are liatchud. AI. Dodile, who has put in a claim for the premium of £12,000 offered by tho French Govern ment for an effectual remedy against the phylloxera, advises all owners of vine yards to try tho experiment of turniii" fairls into them from tho end of June until the end of September, being per suaded that what little damage they may (lo tf. ilitl irranna will 1- 1 — - p«»j,wo it ixi ww buuipuiifliugii taa thousand fold by tho clearance they will effect of the phylloxera. The New Governor of New South Wales.— Speaking of the new Governor of New Smith Wales, " AMas" in the London "World," says :-"LordCarring- lon will be greatly missed in society, in the hunting field, and as a landlord. But lie ought to make an ideal Governor for an Australian colony. He has a fine frank manner ; ho has a charming wife, whoso health I wish were more assured ; he lias no want of capacity, and ample tact to recognise that the less a colonial 1 Governor concerns himself in local politics I tho happier ia hi3 lot. A governor who j can show the way 011 h rseback will, be a I grate fill novelty to the Australians, and if i Lord Carrington care3 to follow in the 1 lines of Sir Hercules Robinson, and keep I some horses in training, the measure of ! his popularity will be full. \ Benefit Performance t. I At the new Opera Hons- - I Mouday night a q was tendered by M,asrs pJJ Allison t. Edward HnnLn J Ui I wus crowded, and » testimonial e,t(s I sentedto ;he ex-c!mnipi0n cansiJa3P's- I massive silver vdvjr and ... p - I worth abmt £300. Hanlan m'.d I speech which was receive/! wit I applause, reports tin- ' At. »re?,eili '55 I Bench was the best sculler "in n. I also that "lie intended to r.-turn toVi''3, I from Canada, and hop,d to "1 I agttu. Hainan, wh<> it highly , I Sydney leaves in theZenlandia I His boats will be sold to-m.rro" n' I gave one boat away to-pinto 5 I composer of the best conundrums? recent defeat. H Marriage.— Tiie marriage nf « I Nan ki veil, eldest daughter of \i I Airs John Nankivell, of C'unts u I Powell, teacher, Hedi, took placeVif? : I on the 8th inst. The extra interest it?!' I ingto theaffiur, says the Clunes"Gnai,i; ' I has been due to the elaborate charictT 1 I the preparations, the extensive " tUt„" I arrauged in connection with the et I and the fact that the family oF the brit' I are residents of long standing, and J." I raiiy v anil respected. Tk;, display quite justified the flutter and« I cHement caused, the spectators assemblini I in large numbers long before the appoint,! I fcr the ceremony— U o'clock-and fillb, I every avenue and approach to the edifice' I The carriages— of which there wa3 alon! I cavalcade — under the direction of that ex I perienced " whip," Mr AY. B. Bnra Jt I rived punctually, to time. The bride'and I bridegroom looked the personification ci I happiness, the former being attired ia white satin, wi h veil and wreath oi orange blossoms, and attended by a ben of bridesmaids— ten in number, of when the principal was mass Dunn, of Ballarat I The bridegroom was attended by an eqmi I number of groomsmen, tho role of " best I man," being filled by Air Dunn. St I Paul s Church was occupied by onlookers I of both sexes, and the ceremony w.i3 per. I formed by the vicar, the Rev. Hentj I Finter. Afterwards the usual salutes I were accorded the newly married pair « I route to their carriage, aud the party bar- I ing enjoyed a drive round the town pre. I par.itory to breakfast, a halt wa3 nude a: I tho town hall, where a recherche repast I was partaken of by about forty guesti I The Rev. Henry Finter presided, and tie I usual toasts proposed and acknowledged I a number of songs and recitations appro- I priately enterprising the procedinss, which were most enjoyable. The festivities wets continued in the evening, about 70 ladies and gentlemen spent several pleasant I fiours in the " mazy dance," singing, fa The happy pair left for Ballarat by tie lato train amid general wishes for their happiness and prosperity. Russian Aggression. — Air Gladstone's declaration the other day that on this question there is no division of opinion iu the country may bo commanded, sayi the "Times," to the attention of Russia, Strong as is the national desire for peace, it is not so strong as the conviction that to yield to the aggression of Russia in Asia would be a fatal one, not only for our dominion in India, but to the British Empire throughout ths world. We are not so ill-prepared for the assertion of our right.? and the pro tec! ion of our allies as it suits so mo of our Continental critics to make out ; nor, we may remind those who exercise a malevolent fancy iu picturing India denuded of British troops and rising iu wild revolt against her rulers, would it be necessary for us to act ex clusively, or possibly, to any great extent, directly, by a military movement from tho Indian frontier to Herat. N« doubt, the important demonstration of our military strength in North Western India which will take place at rho close of the month under the personal inspection of the Vice roy will have, as it is intended to have, material as well as moral weight. A'o doubt, also, we can and if needful, we shall advance beyond Quettah and the Pishin Valley, now held in strength by our Anglo-Indian troops, to Candaharj and we may throw a garrison into Herat itself, should tho Ameer stand in need of aid in that form. But until Russia threatens Afghanistan with much greater forces than she has yet accumulated ia Central Asia, her progre33 can be effec tually resisted and her power subjected to a severe strain by assisting tho Ameer with subsidies, with munitions of war, and with the services of English officers. Our military and naval strength, if Russia is bent upon a rupture, cun be employed elsewhere. The Russian Empire ha3 many vulnerable points, and if this country is forced into hostilities, it must not be imagined that they will be confined ta tho ground chosen in tha remote regions of Central Asia by the military advisers of the Czar. An Uni'lbasant Situation. — Actors in the habit of undertaking the roles of heary villains in melodrama and tragedy justly consider it a tribute to their talent when they aro soundly hissed. In country towns (says the " i'lustrated Loudon News") it ia by no means unusual for exci'able members of tho andienes to allow their feelings to overpower their m imiprs, and shout, " Oh, you wre'eh !" or " The man 111 the blue shirt did it." bitch little episodes, if they cause I laughter where sympathy is expected, are 1 at least harmless ; but ail American story, I told of tho famous Edwin Booth, shows I that an actor may at times be so natural I as to place himself 111 personal jeopardy. The artist was portraying lago some where in the Western State?, and hia audience consisted chiefly of gold miners | costumed in their slouch hats and red shirts. These appreciated him to such an extent that the uproar, hissing, and hooting almost smothered the words of the play. At tho end of the second act the indignation of ono gentleman in the gallary rose to s-i hijh a pitch that he drew his revolver and shot at the trai- torom friend. Tho bii'Iefc struck Othello's sword-hilt, and the performance was stopped while the suffering Aloor ex- plained that thcie was really 110 personal animosity between him aud lago. Then the threats of lynching stopped but so did the diggers' interest 111 the play. Russian Opinion of Mr Gladstone. — With regard t> lii-glNh Pas lianuntary dis sensions, tho '"Noni"' arrives at the c;n- cluai'in that those who desite the downfall of Mr Gladstone ,-uc, consci' usl.v or n t, the enemies of tho peace of Kurope, 115 both tne Parnel.ites ami iJip nt her enemies of Great Bri'ain would like to s-.vthe Mar quis of Salisbury at the head of affairs in order ti hasten on ihe cri-is impending over England, which Mr Glndstme has put off for a time. The St. Pcterjburg correspondent of the ' Mord" expresses the great satisfaction felt iu Rnsia at t'ie fact of Air Gladftme remainining in power, and stites that nearly the whole cf the Russian Pre s has given expression to the profound sympathy which he has inspired among the Russians. Ofe n i n g A r t Galleries and Museums ox Sundays. — 'Ihe first Sunday «peni»!i f tf 6 a' ?aer'es and museum at Leek, at Staffordshire, attracted three thou-and visitors, mostly working men and women. Some of the publicans in the neighbor hood are b riling over with indignation, as there was a marked diminution in their jug aud counter trade. They are declaiming against the wickedness of looking at pic tures and stuffed animals on a Sunday 