Concentrated News. Queensland. Mrs. Leavitt is now airing her porsuosivo eloquence at T-iowoomba. Tho ougino drivers at Gympio are forming themselves into uu association. Uomarkabl;! r.egleii; has been notiood in ths registration of births at Rookhamptou. Tho corporation labourers at Townsville, were all allowed leuva of absence to record tlwir votes at tho recent eleotiou. The oabmon of Townsvillo had n pionio re oently, and surplus funds amounting to £7 wore handed over to tho hospital. The merchants of Townsvi'le have docidod on, and commence, I, closing thoir warehouses at 5 o'olook instead of 6 iu tho evenings. A strong committco has been formed at Geraldton to seouro tho rsturn of Mr. Robert Philp, as member for Musgravo. Typhoid fovor ia provalont in Ipawioh. There aro moro than half a dozen cases in the infeotious ward of the local hospital. The Gympie A.M.. and P. Society are prepar ing for a fruit and flower uhow, to be hold on Thursday, tho 21st January next. A Charters Towers resident states that tho country throughout that distriot is in a deplor ably dried-up condition, and badly neodi a doirapour of rain. Rockhampton naturalists have been consider ing the ways of tho ants lately, and have oon oluded that a good supply of rain will fall soon there. The Charlevilk Times etatea that in a local sweep worth £40, Sheet Anchor was bought by a commercial traveller for 4s. the night previous to the race. Joseph Sturgess, batting for the Fitzroy Club on Saturday, 7th imtant, against the second eleven of the Rookhampton Club, made 1 11 in a littls over an hour. At tho Congregational Ohuroh, Townsvillo, a Sunday or two ago, a young soamp enjoyed himself by turning out the gas while the con gregation were singing a hymn. The Police Magistrate at Tonnsville a few days ago fined a man named Heywood L. Ralston £100, or three months, for a breach of tho Lotteries Act. He went to goal. The balance nhe°^ nf the Central Queensland Meat Export Company reoently presented to tho shareholders, shows that the company ii about £6,000 on the wrong side of the ledger. Tho Northern Argus expresses the opinion that the colony has more money than it knows what to do with, beoauge the Assembly voted £50,000 in regard to the threatened invasion o rabbits. The Charters Towers Registrar's return fo r October shows that 8,550 ozs. 16 dwta. 12 grs . have been obttune'] from 5,292 tons 10 owta. of stone, being an average of 1 oz. 12 dwts. 7 grs. per ton. An attempt was made a day or two ago to destroy by fire some hundred aores of sugar oane, the property of Mr. T. Solway, Maokay. Fortunately the fire waa oheoked after three or four houra' hard work. Ino Customs returns at Normanton, for the month of Ootober, amount to £3,880 12s. Id., being £1,373 6s. 5d., over the corresponding mouth of la»t year. This ia the largest return whioh has been recorded in Normanton. A Celestial storekeeper in Maryborough ap parently emboldened by the immunity from legal proaeoutioT! for disregarding Sunday observances had the doors of his shop wide open and the place well lighted on Sunday, 15th instant. Tie shop was filled with kanakas. The proceedinga of the Salvation Army were disturbed on the 12th instant by a few roughs pelting tho windows of tho hall with too ripe eggs. Others of the larrikin tribe essayed offensive behaviour inside the building until ejected by the stalwart Captain. A list of aliens naturalised in Queensland for the five years ending August, 1885, has just been laid before Parliament. The list includes nearly 2,400 names, by far tho larger proportion being Germans, a great number of whom are located in the Maryborough district. A letter from Allora on November 10 says: — The country is in a terrible state about here, and stock are disappearing fast. The wheat orop may be reokoned a failure, and no prospeot of hay fur noxt season, except luoerno, if rain comes, and some of tho young maize is dying off. ThadeusO'Kane,of Northernltintr notorittr, has again made his bow, probably for the fiftieth time boforo a Supreme Court judge, in the character of defendant in a libel case. This time his adrortary, Mr. Buokland, has triumphed, bu': the financial return will hardly be considered eatisfsctory, one farthing dam ages only being awarded. The members of tho Salvation Army in Maryborough (ire praying earnestly for the conversion, among others, of one of the pro iniuent alderman. This gentleman is stated to huve addressee uffiuf- iveobiervationstotheanny at various times when marchingdown the street. It 16 to be hoped the'prayera may prove effeo tive. Two Toowoombu bioyclists— Frank Barlow and H. Jones- -Hci.'omplished the somewhat difficult task of riding to Brisbane on bioycles, during Saturday and Sunday last. They stated at Granth.im on Saturday night, reached Ipawioh at half-pnttr. 3 p.m. on Sunday, and arrived in Brisbane at 8 o'clock the same even ing. The total distance travelled was eighty seven miles. The unhappy season of accident continues (pay the JUmdub-.-.j and Mount Perry Mail.) By some Btmnire fatality these are happening with seriouH f reqti'Miuy during the past fort night. One of tie latest additions to the dire list i« th-5 infant- rl-iiiu-iitor of Mr. Clark, oar penter, -who has diud from aoalding. The poor little infant, btiraly 13 monthB old, pulled some hvt. water over itsolf, and died from the in juries inflicted thereby. Bbisbaxb v. ir.vivrnonoTJOit Laboub. — A complaint has been made to us (Maryborough VhvonicUj thnt all ijic men employed on the Maryborough dredge have been drafted from Brisbane by thi Hmbonrj and Rivers Depart ment, u-ilhriut r:iv chanoo being offered to men r*nid«nt in this -..^v». and it ia stated there are many residing here now unemployed, who are able to do work miwssary on the dredge. Whether this nomnlaint is well founded we cannot concUisivt'ly judge ; however, the question in riti'^1 for the attention of those dirootly iuloniutou1, and who are in a position lo exjiiitin or refute the oomplaint, whioh to our iuiu-l io ti reasonable one if true. The oitonmatftnoo of tho new dredge being, presum'VMy^f.w V,nW (imo hence a fixture in ttiU pott, Iri in ii3u!{ ?. reason why men settled with tlieir fami'iee ii- thia town, and who are nMo tn.do Ah': nquirnd work on a dredge, ought to hay? hnd at least a chance of eouiubtiiiy with l.'Xocr, skilled or othor w!.«r, fi-.tri Urisbnno or any other placo Our informant stutoa that many of the men now engaged on the Maryborough drodgo, hut! m nl »;- f.'ti:u ErloLano are 'new chums' to tho work, nml )mvo uovor boon in tho servico of th* (leutn'tuieuf' Imiure. Thero are a largo number of men in Uii* town and district, who through the i-rolfui1«tjd depression of trade have henn earniji/r th'ir livinir in a prooarioua way, I und hoj)in™ ifm1 n ohance of scouring such per manent r.fiplnyiuculiiii tho dredgo can offor. Why should weiievei' be frightened at the nppcarcnoo of a jdiontf — Because, if it is a ghost, i(s fipp-iin-Hnce muat, in tho naturo of things, hi iaininibrlfi'!. 