PENOLA. (From our Fat Contributor.) May 7. Wednesday last will be long looked upon as a red letter day in the annals of St. Mary's Church, for on that day the interesting cere mony of laying the foundation stone of the chancel was performed by Mrs. R. MacClenagan. The arrangements were very complete. A capi tal plan was adopted for keeping a space clear for the school children and choir by straining a rope tightly across the ground required for a reserve which was prettily decorated with flags that were gaily flaunting in the breeze, the har monium, at which Miss Davidson presided, being on a raised platform at one end. The proceed ings commenced by the Rev. T. Ward delivering a short address with respeot to the object for which they had met together and alter the sohool children and choir had sung a hymn the prayers for the occasion were recited. After this Mr. A. MacKeand handed the handsome silver trowel, suitably inscribed, that had been provided for the occasion to Mrs. Mac Clenagan, when that lady, with the assistance of the builder, Mr. William Blight, placed the stone with the customary ceremony in its proper position, and saying :-"In the faith of Jesus Christ, I place this foundation stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, Amen." Mr. MacClenaghan then read the following description of the docu ments and coins placed under the stone-" The foundation stone of the chancel of St. Mary's Church. Penola, was laid by Mrs. MacClenaghan, wife of R. MacClenaghan, manager of the Penola branch of the National Bank of Austra lasia, on Wednesday, the sixth day of May, A.D, 1886, in the 40th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and during the governorship of His Excellency Sir William Cleaver Francis Robinson, K.C.M.G., the third year of the episcopacy of the Right Revercnd George Wyndham Kennion, D D., Lord Bishop of Adelaide, the Reverend Thomas Ward being priest in charge of Beachport, Millicent, and Penola districts: Wardens-Chris topher Sharam, sen., and R. MacClenaghan, Sidesmen- C. Sharam, jun., and James Sharam. Building Committee-the Rev. T. Ward, A. MacKeand, R. MacClenaghan, J. Picken, and W. Edwards; Builders-W. Blight and J. Davidson, Articles deposited herewith ;-Copies of the Border Watch and South Eastern Star of latest dates, and the following coins;— A shilling piece, a sixpenny piece, and a half-penny." The hymn commencing "The Church's one foundation" was then read by the Rev. T. Ward, who, after the prescribed prayers, gave a most interesting address with regard to the history of the church. He paid a warm tribute to the Rev. W. F. Marshall, the incumbent at the time the church was erected, for the zeal displayed by him in procuring funds for the building, and also feelingly alluded to the late Mr. Thomas Cong don, whose generosity he extolled for presenting a site for the church. The rev. gentleman's address was listened to with marked attention, and he has been warmly commended for the admirable way in which (he proceedings were conducted by him. Mr. Ward is evidently the right man in the right plaoe, and although he has been amongst us but a short time he has gained the good will and respect of all those that he has come in contact wiih. Mr. MacClena ghan, the Treasurer, then gave a statement of the financial position of the church, in which he mentioned that the coat of erecting the chancel would be ,£210, towards which upwards of £200 was already in hand, and which was exclusive of the liberal donation of £100 presented by Mr. G, S. Dickson, of Maaoupe, for the purchase of a stained glass window as a memorial to the memory of his late father Dr. James Dickson. Mr. MacClenaghan also spoke in very warm terms of the soul displayed by the Rev, Rowland Hayward and his exertions on behalf of the various churches in the district during the time he held the position of the Bishop's Missionary Chaplain in the South - East. With the singing of a hymn, and the Benediction, the proceedings terminated. Great regret was felt at the absence of Mr. Sharam, sen., who was at Beachport for the bene flt of his health. He has always takon such a warm interest in all matters connected with the church, and has so zealously and par severingly worked for aad supported it from the very commencement of church work in Penola, that it must have been a great disappointment to him not to be present at such an interesting and important ceremony. He was, howover, well represented by his sons, and too muoh praise can hardly bo accorded to Mr. C. Sharam, jun., who on all occasions so cheerfully and pleasantly takes the heaviest share of the work. All connected with the church know that it is to him they look for the successful carrying out of all ceremonials, Sunday sohool gatherings and entertainments, and feel grateful to him for his ready help. There was a tolorably large attend ance of the residents in the township, and some disappointment was felt at the absence of the Rev. Dr. Craig, who was unavoidably prevented from being present. The amount placed upon the stone was £7 7s. A further sum was col lected at the service in the evening. 