: RIVERINA CHURCH SOCIETY. A mooting was hold in St. Paul's Church, Hay, on Tuosday, April 21st, at 8 p.m., ari had boon previously announced, for tho purposo of considering tho formation of a Church Society for Rivorina Dioroso. Tho mooting was attended by a fair number of influential porsons in tho town and district; lottors having been roceivod from sovoral. oxoressinE apnroval of tho mattor in hand and rogret at unavoidablo absence. Tho Bishop having oponod tho meeting with prayor, mado tho following address : — The Church had its businoss sido as woll as its spiritual sido, and this had its importance as well as tho othor. Tho latter wiis brought 'forward rightly moro prominontly and constantly, than tho former, but tho businrss sido must-bo attended . Lo if .tho spiritual woro to mako duo progress. It was with business that thoy had chiofiy to do that night. A Church Society was a sort of central reservoir for re ceiving and disbursing funds for tho various operations of tho Church, to which local associations would sorvo as tributary streams. It would bo a necessary pioeo of machinery in Church matters, of which monoy would bo tho fuol. Each Australian Diocoso found a Church Socioty n necessity if somotimos it had a differont name. If tho mooting that evening resolved that such a socioty was good for the Diocoso, a further re solution could bo put that, until a Synod wore formed, tho law.«, objects, and constitution of tlio Goulburn Socioty should bo adoptod. It would help tho moot ing to realiso tho valuo of such a society, hotter if ho dwelt upon each objoct seriatim, as it appeared in the lust Goulburn roport* — 1\. To nid in providing a sustontation fund for tho clergy of tho diocese. With regard to this objoct, ho would romind tho .mooting that tho clorgy lived not for thomsolvos but for tho pooplo; not for their own intorest, but for that of thoso to whom thoy ministerod; thoir whole'1 livos woro givon up to serving tho eternal good of their parishioners. That they might do this thoroughly thoy ought not to bo humporod in their, work owing to anxiety about tho nocosnaries of life. If this wore tho case, tho lay peoplo must suffer. It was to thoir intorest to treat their clorgy woll; thoy would- in consequence .themselves be well treated. Ho did not wish for himself nor for tlio clergy, that thoy should bo rich, but tint they should havo a sufficiency. Ho deprecated tho otli.v being such that it should tempt a muti tc vililor it simjv for a livelihood or as an oasy berth : but tho labouror was worthy of his hiro, and to support sufficiently was politic as well as a duty. Ho was sure, ovon though it cost a little more, that ? they ' proforrod n married clorgy to having thom nocossarily singlo men. If for missionary work tho single life was undoubtedly in some respects an advantage, yet for power. of enter ing into heart-life, and for giving sympathy with tho joys and sorrows of homo life, tho married »tato was to bo preforrod. It was a fact to bo noticed that in countrios such as Italy and France, whore the Roman, part of tho Catholic Church provailod, which forbad marriage to its clergy, not only was thoro no word in tho language for homo, but tho thing itself did not exist in tho same way as it cxistod in England, in Gormany, and in Russia, whore in tho parsonago of a married priesthood wero thousands of modol homos which oxtondod their beneficial influonco far and wido. The laity must therefore bo ready with a sufficiont support for clorgy, which the Church Socioty would ro coivo and disburso. Ho would likowise add that it was ossontial that the clorgy should have such an in depondont position, that thoy should bo free to act for tho best good of the Church, and to speak out the truth without the fear of being enslaved by tho con gregation. or what was moro likely, by somo small monied clique who mightprefor, as somotimos had beon the case, their own will and tasto to tho genoral good and tho eternal truth. That tho Church Socioty should receive tho parochial contributions, and hand thom to tho clergymen, was better than that he should rcceivo them from tho local Finance Committee, and would make unworthy humiliations and manifestations of potty illfeoling loss likely. 2\. To obtain additional clergymon for unsupplied districts. Whonco were thoy to como and of what sort wore thoy to bo ? Ho dared not koop back tho most impor tant answer to these questions. Ho believed the Word of God spoke of them as gifts of the ascended Saviour ; tho ro*ult of tho Church's work : souls roscued out of the world, enlivened and nourished by her Jraeraments, instructedby her preaching, presonted to horLord by tho Church, thon givon back to her by Him ondued with powers and graces to do on behalf of othor3 what had been done on their behalf. Did thoy not dosire such ? Mon of faith, of zeal, of love, of holiness ? For such let thom pray moro than ever vet. This was tho first answer to tho question, whonco was a supply to bo had and of what sort ? But thero was a soi-ond answor. It seemod to him that for tho presont, owing to theyoutli of tho colony, considering the state of things, and tho naturo of this diocoso, thoy must expect thoir chief supply from England, youngor ones of tho clorgy with somo previous training. Thoy should have suthcient'oduca tion, bo up to tho times in which thoy liro; men of such a bearing that thoy would not bo out of their elomont in any homo ; answering to the truo moaning of tho word . gentleman. If passagos aro to bo paid, as is right, and such aro to be obtained, tho Church Socioty must havo a sufficiout income, and for this they must put their hands in their pockots. He must say for himself that ho could not bo satisfied with moroly having each parish fillod up. Ho de sired to work tho diocoie properly, and ho hoped that the diocese would enable him to do so. Ho be lieved such would bo tho ? case. Thero was such a thing as illness among clorgy ; thore was such a thing as breaking down under the weight, not so much of work as of worry at not boing able to do what should be done'; there was such'a thing as romovnl. Ho could not bo satisfied to havo posts loft vacant from any of tho above causes for perhaps months. Clorgy were not always to bo had at a moment's notice. For this purposo he ought to have an extra man or two. But those threo evils might be minimised. A littlo rost each year would provent a breakdown or a sicknoas : a little chango from the monotonous plains of Rivorina ; a sight of sea or mountain would rofrpsb, would rocroate, so that aelorgyman wouldcom.e back with, asitworo, tho buggy wheels greased, or like ahorsoaftora spoil. ForthU purpose ho ought to' havo an oxtra man. Again tho parishes, large in aroa as English counties, ought to bo manned more strongly than thoy aro; tliey ought to havo ono man in the town and another in the country, oach alternating with tho other month by month. ' Then in ordor to attend to the country work the clergyman would not havo tho' painful task of forsaking in the town tho sick and the dying, and othor important cares. He' would, moreover, in each other month have somo timo for much-nooded study. Younger clorgy might in this way bo trained under an older brother, and bo fitted and roady for somo vacated post. . The Bishop ought too to havo an ex amining chaplain, who could also t'lkb part in in ; structing candidates for holy,- ordors. Until ho was enabled thus to havo some extra clorgy ho could not work tho diocoso as ho could wish. For supplying vacant posts, aiid for Mipporting an adequate supply of clorgy, tho Church Socioty would rbcoivo funds. It would also liave tho double advantage of both boing a bond of union, and also cf giving an occasion of prac tising unsolBshness nnd disintorestedno-is, because it lookoa uoyona tho wants ot the immodiato neigh borhood to thoso of tho wholo area of tho diocoso, whoreby the Church would bo gaining that attrac tiveness which was dear to our Lord, which tho sacrod poet describes whon he says to hor 'Forget also thino own peoplo and thy father's house ; so shall the King desiro thy boauty.' — Ps. xlv., 10, 11. 3 — ? To procure endowments for the several churches. 4 — To aid in erecting, repairing, or onlarging churchos and parsona'gbs. This might be dono eithor by a froo grant, or by a loan at small interest, spreading the cost over a period. ' . !?' ? ?' '- 5 — To assist in supporting Catpchists, whother schoolmasters or others, in districts which caonot bo regularly visited by the Clergy. ? 6*— To circulate tho Holy Scripturos, tho Book of Common Prayer, nnd othor religious and usoful books, by moans of tho Dioeesan: Depot,' to form londing librarios, &c.; He : believed this might bo dono to great : ad vantage both by a depot with branches in each town through which books might bo ordered and obtninod at cost price, and also by a book waggon undor the conduct of somo layman who should bn qualifiod to hold sorvicos in outlying parts and hold tho Bishop's liconso for this purpose. To this end ho had obtainod tho promise of £60 worth of tho Holy Scripturos from tho British and Foroign Biblo Socipty; £25 of its books from S.P.C.K.; and a considerable advanta^o in purchasing books from tlio Religious Tract Society. Ho hoped like wise in timo. when a placo was roady to rocpivp books, to havo a Diocesan Library of theological books for the clergy ; towards this phe S.P.C.K. had promised £25 of books, and from his own University — -Oxford— ho believed * hp could obtain sheets of a numbor of theological works, froely if he could undortako tho cost of shipping and binding. ' ? 7 — To ostabUsh or. encourago missions to the aborigines, or other heathpn races. At tho prftsout timo. thoro oxisted( in tho Diocose two missions to aborigines, at Maloga and Warangosda — tho first undor tho conduct of some other Christian body, the latter under that of, the Church of Eng land. (The oxponsos of-oducption und industrial training wero borne by tho State, thoso of religion by contributions from tho Christian public, not without some succoss in both ronpects. Ho know that, from ono causo or anothor, not much favor or sympathy was shown towards the30 offorts. Tho nrgumonts against this missionary work woro tho samo as usod to be advanced; in England against all missions to hoathons and Mahomedans. But public opinion now recognisod both as a Christian duty and sis a consider able success. Personally ho was of opinion that thoro was a comploto answor to oach o'»joction raised, aud that succoss justified tho expenditure of monoy and pains ; but that, ovon wero this not tho case, what clonchod tho wholo matter was tho fact that on a most, solomn occasion, aftor completing man's redemption, rising from tho doad, and on the point of asconding into Hoavon, tho Author of our holy roligion doclarod ; ' All power is given Mo in Heaven and Earth,', and grounded on this tho command : 'Go ye, thoreforo, aud mako disciplps of all nations by baptizing thom in tho nnmo of tho Father, tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost, teaching them to observo all things whatsoever I havo said unto you,' and on condition of obedience to His command added tho promise which wo must not claim if wo disobey— 'Lo! I am with you all tho days ovon unto tho end of the world.' Personally ho should still continuo his subscriptions to the groat English Missionary Societios and also tako interost in lhe support of missions to. tho heatlioh hero bocauso of tho Mastor's command, bocauso ho valuod that Mast er's presence, and bocauso ho. saw in England a roflox blessing to tho Church in proportion to tho disnppearaiico of selfishness in religion'. 8— To encourage the establishment of Elomontary Church Schools, Grammar Schools, a Diocesan College, &e.; ! Personally ho should not think wo necdod to establish elomontary schools whon oxcollont public schools existed in which tho Clorgv had tho privilego of instructing tho children of. their own peoplo in religious knowlcdgo. What was wanted was a system of examination in ordor to tost tho amount of Christian toaching, and to oncotirago diligence. Grammar Schools might bo of great importance, e^abli- lied on self-supporting principles, with a distinctly Church toaching, modifiod by a conscionco clause, or with liberty to othor ministers of religion to teach tho children of their own.di?-omi','iy.ion. Tho Bishop concluded by oxpressing his firm beliof that the laymen of tho Diocese would onablo him to work tho Dioccso ofliciontly ; ho was giving up his wholo lifo to tho work: thoy would not let him fool unsupported. Others had handsomely started the Diocose and ho folt sure thoy would riso to the opportunity of making it a real powor for goud. One firm, Groongal, which Mr Mair represented, promisod annually i,*200 ; Mr. Henry Bull, of Sydnoy, gavo a donation of i,'G0 ; ho himself should givo £25 for this year aud £50 annually in future. If tho mooting thought it was needed ho would ask somo ono presont to propose that there should bo a Church Society established for tho Diocese. Mr G. Mair rose and said that he believed tho Socioty was nocded; it was not only lor themselves thoy needed church ministration, but others who neglected religion altogether. Many an old man was dying ignorant of God, except to swear by His Name; many a lad grow up rocognising nothing but his pas sions as the law of his life, and finding his supremo happiness in gambling on a racocourse. It was found in tho Old Country, and was found here, too, that to multiply tho clergy: was to decreaso tho number of evil doers, tho douizons of theirgaols, and tho labor of judges, magistrates and polico. Looking at it merely from a commercial point of viow, it was to theiradvantago to lesson their wardors and polico. B it, looking at tho oternal intorost of souls, which was a much moro important matter, thoy should not stint tho church in carrying out that which was tho object of its oxistonce. Ho bolioved the church had been productive of more good than anything olso. It was then proposed by Mr G'. Mair, 'soconded by Mr Livendor, that it is desirable that a Church Socioty bo formod for tho Diocese of Riverina. Carried. It wa3 proposed by Mr Andrew Macfarland, se conded by Mr Terry, that the laws, regulations, and constitution of tho Goulburn Socioty bo adopted until a Synod be formed for tho Diocoso of Rivorina. Carried. It' was proposed by Mr Witcombe, secondod by Mi Dill, that tho following bo officorsjcommittfe (with powerto add to their numbor) and fiuance committeo of tho Rivorina Church Society : — President — Tlio Bishop of the Diocese. Committeo — Messrs Andrew, Bowden, Brou»hton, Casey, Cramsie, Godfrey, Ilowitson, Hornick, Lake man, L'imb, Lavender, Macfarland, Mair, Park, Rood, Ronald, Rudd. Sim-on, Terry, Travis, Wontworth, Wilkinson, Witcombo. FinancH committeo — Mossrs Bowden, Lakeman, Macfarland, Mair, and Witcombo. Hon. secretaries— Rov. James Macarthur and Mr J. C. Potter*. Hon. Treasurer — Mr Chapman. Auditors — Mossrs Babbago and Kaye. Bank— Tho Bank of Now South Wales. Tho motion was carried. Tho proceedings closed with tho Benediction. 