FASHIONABLE- ARRIVALS A D DEPARTURES. At a meeting of the aldermen com mom (very) councillors of the parish of Mudfog, held in their magnificent chambers in Kidney's buildings, near the corner of -Walker-street, the acting mayor'(who had been sworn in by the Chief Justice, and certified to by Royal Charter, under the great seal of the colony), Jeremiah Byer, Esq., J.P., S.J., &c.;, &c.;, publicly announced that he had received a special telegram, for warded him by wire, at great cost, from the Right Worshipful the Mayor, Bob Tanston, Esq., K.C.B., J.P., &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, announcing his safe arrival at the village of Bobart, after a lengthy and perilous voyage, so long (it is reported to be about 350 miles, and to occupy at least twenty-four hours) that be thought he was never; going to get there, and so perilous that, had: he"not been fortified by some of his own colonial whiskey, and supported by copious draughts of ale brewed from the " Rupert" malt, it is believed he would have succumbed to his own fears. .::. ' The Right Worshipful also stated that he had had a "nip" with several distinguished noblemen on that side of the water, amongst :the rest with the Duke de Bury, and the Right Honor able D. G. Ridgslaug, Esq., M.P. (of 1 this latter, it is reported that his elo-. quence and statesmanship are second only to that of. " the, grand old man"- the world-renowned and Honorable W. E. Gladstone, Esq., M.P.) It is needless to add that the great crowd of eager and expectant listeners assembled in that great hall (it is said there were six scavengers, the inspector of nuisances, and Mac, the foreman of I the ballast works, the latter of whom, as in duty bound to his honored mas ters for substantial favours received, I was most vehement in his demonstra tions of gratitude and applause), imme- i diately on the announcement being made by the Acting Governor (Mayor it should have been), and sent out a 1 ringing cheer, which almost raised the roof from the renowned " stink pot," t and necessitated a speedy adjournment round the corner for a "refresher,' in I order to sustain that great multitude t amidst the excitement and joy occa sioned by this important event. Upon their return to the chamber, Alderman Bray, the Mayor elect, im mediately proposed that the bells of e the tower of the great hall should be r set ringing, in order that the whole of t the inhabitants of the great city of Janus-in which is situated the parish i of Mudfog-should be able to join with i them in their rejoicings. It was, how- i ever, discovered (a fact which appeared e scarcely to be known to the worthy c aldermen and councillors) that the. 1 tower was not yet built, nor the bells 1 even dreamt of ; so, in their extremity, it was suggested that the bells in the I " pub" near at hand would answer every y purpose, and to that the council unani mously agreed, and straightway ad- t journed thereto, and, seizing the ropes, I did their own ringing. c Before the council finally adjourned, a Cr. Bright, a lineal descendant of the a Right Honorable John, and a chip of 1 the old block (report has it that the a whole body corporate are descended t from English noblemen), and well- 1 known as a devout man, suggested the t proclamation of a general holiday, to be c set apart as a day of thanksgiving for the safety and preservation of the Right I Worshipful, but this was too much for d Cr. Smith, who violently protested, t and bringing down his clenched fist r with immense force on the municipal a mahogany, sang out at the top of his I stentorian voice, "Be blowed I" at i which the whole of the members of that august board, unused to anything but I the most polite and gentlemanly lan- o guage and behaviour, were utterly I flabergasted, and an immediate ad- c journment became absolutely necessary, a in order to avoid worse consequences. At the old baronial hall, the residence of the Right Worshipful, K.O.B., there a was a tremendous uproar, the whole of r that great estate, with a thirty-foot I street in the front, and bounded on the f south by a malt kiln, and somewhere in a the neighborhood of Johnson's tannery, a all the tenantry far and wide turned out i to aid at the rejoicings at this great and I important event. a Rumour has it that at the next general election there will be a '"knock out," or a "lock-out," whichever suits a best, and that Wireams, the present I member, is to be "shunted" by the I ' RoyalLiberals," and the mobocracy I are "to be told" they are to go for the gloriously eloquent Bob Tanston, who I fought a forlorn hope last time. Time a On the same'evening, at tee same meeting of aldermen and councillors,; in 4 the same parish of Mudfog, it. was an nounced by the acting Right Worship ful that one of their-number was about to visit England, and that, as the said parish of Mudfog had a world wide reputation, the departing official should be.furni-hed with a.certificate of good beahviourwhich would 'ho doubt serve as a passport, and enable him to obtain admission to the highest officials, and best society in the land; the immense popularity, and ability displayed, and thehigh position held by the departing member, were felt to be such that grave fears were entertained by his colleagues that the Government of the colony would in the event, not improbable, of the retirement of Mr. Murray Smith, as Agent-General, offer him that lucrative employment, together with a residence and salary proportioned to his great att~i'inents, and the importance of the offie', and in case of his'acceptance of it (of which there were no doubts), they might never see him again, or, as it has been sedretly hinted, Her Majesty might be recommended to hbnor-so dis tinguished and: able an individual, re presenting so important a part: of: Her Majesty's dominions, with some special mark of . Her Majesty's favour and pleasure. - It was, therefore, felt by the corpora tion that the mudfog certificate would be able to accomplish wonders. The proposition was carried unanimously. SSomewhere in the neighborhood of Ridgelang-street the guardians of the peace reported to having heard sounds of revelry during the small hours of early morning of Thursday the 29th; ,tiej were unable:: to traceithe exact lpcalite aad a. all was peaceible without, no interference was necessary, they reported the sounds wafted to their ears as something like "For he's a jolly good fellow," and "We won't go home till morning." We'have been informed that in icon sequence of the labour and excitement caused _by the .grave and important business transacted at the last meeting of the Council of the Parish of Mud fog, that the acting Mayor has since been confined to-his room, and that if he was to give up the ghost whilst the Worshipful K.C.B. was absent, that the business of the Council would come to a dead stop; there would be no more cheques for advertising, and as a sequence, no more gratuitous puffs. From sutch a calamity, the Smith- street demijon says "Good Lord deliver us." 