COUNTRY SKETCHED. ALONG TSS BIVER. Br MAEK WEST. At this time of year the river creeping languidly at foot of the eun-smittea hills may be crossed at .almost any point within a mile or so on either Bide of the township by meaqs of the frequent cnarled and twisted gifii-tree trunks long agofallen inl» its ieptnB,and now ana forlorn, exposed in all their bare blackness by the ruthless hand of sum mer. So wasted jb it indeed, so spent with its long encounter with the merciless mid summer sun and his wild ally, the hot wind, that here and there one of ordinary activity may even jump across it and bo reach the opposite bank without farther ado. Where in winter a deep and strong current rushes heavily seaward, defiled with mud from afar and flecked with yellow foam, there now ilows a clear attenuated streamlet, connecting oc casional holes wherein lark hoary cray-fish of insignificant size and inconceivable cun ning, a very ghost of a river-having hardly strength enough to murmur as it ripples over root and stone, winding weakly in and out among the sand heaps, now deepening in its course into holes, now widening into infre quent readies, but always shrinking between to a slender, slow-flowing streamlet The hollow Of its winter bed a little way below the town is rnled over by tall sand-heaps, and almost hidden by scented tea-tree, which waves thickly to and fro with every wander ing breeze like a restless, heaving sea. llere is life; for the tea-tree is quick with the flutter of tiny wings and resonant with mur mured song. Safe from attack of swamp or sparrow hawk-almost safe in the fastness of twined and laced branches from more malevolent enemy tlian cither-boys-blue cap and yellow-toil and wren nest and Bing, chirp, and flit throuzh the long summer months, careless or oblivious of the stealthy approach of winter, when the topmost leaflet of the tallest scrub branch will be over whelmed and drowned by the wide and rapid stream set once more a-flowing by heavy rains many a long mile away, when there place will know them no more for a season. but though the river, as a river, is at this particular time and spot below criticism, yet as an on failing source of pleasure it is dear to the heart of the wanderer. Is there not a subtle delight in treading with im punity its bottom-most bed-in searching out the mysteries of its scrab-sheltered hollows iu fearsome Expectation' of revelation of the dark Be rets it has held hidden in its wild bosom all the year? But such delight is feeble, and is its capricious course, crossing and recrosaing nothing/compared to that of idly following as inclination or curiosity im pels, and of exploring thte opposite bank-^that delectable laud inaccessible at any other time of the year unless by means of a long and weary round through the town ship and a commonplace bridge at the end of it. There is but the stream between, yet the two batiks differ from one another as does night from ct&y.; On the western side wooded hills swell skywards; tiny scrub margined creeks flow riverwards; through the tbr&ckea; grey kangaroos hop, and the eilence of the bosh is broken by note of thrush, whistle of tree-climber, and Bhriek of parrot ringing through the trees. The air is full of hint of invisible mystic life; a throb* bing existence, irrespective of the accident of poor humanity, with its commonplace aims and limited intelligence. On the eastern bank the rounded treeless hills are chequered with green hedges and sedate fences; in the small paddocks and stubble-fields placid cattle and horses graze. Here and there a cottage sheltered under the hills: dogs hark, children shout, com fortable ducks quack loudly towards set of sun, It is a pretty and a peaceful picture,1 full of cheerful domestic prosperity: yet it lacks the wild charm of the bush, with its Btrange, ever- present hint of invisible life, its voices of earth and air, its serene, Btern beauty. Beneath the murmuring trees, among the everlasting bills, there is always a sure and satisfying test for troubled heart or weary head. On the eastern bank there is a certain path that we know and love; a solitary ana devious track hemmed in by fence and river, to reach which one must needs cross the latter by means of a time and water worntree-trunk, whose slippery and treacher ous surface, distorted by great knots and broken limbs, presents delightful uncertainties even to the sure of foot. This passage wearily "accomplished-are not evil fiends ot the cray-fish watching it with dull eye and fell purpose from that deep holeon the left? there remains a short but painful way to be ploughed over and among the sand-heaps that occupy the river-bed, before gaining the spot whence a rough path climbs abruptly tip the bank and takes its way beside a post-ana rail fence on high level with the mid most branches of the gum-trees that fringe the river below. . In the crisp, clear air of this March after noon there is no touch of summer, but hint of enrly autumn. The sun shoots radiant shafts through the trees, the gum leaves gleam and twinkle, the tea-tree waves softly to and fro. All is green, and fresh, and sweet down by the river, while above the scorched hills curve pale and wan, wooded with trees whose sombre foliage deepens in the distance to funereal black against the background of faint yellow. We take our way along the path. Beyond the fence which bounds it at one side a stubble-field stretches to the foot of the hills; at the further side a group of trees stands sentinel over a cottage, behind which a tall haystack shines golden in the after noon sunshiue. Before it lies an irregular narrow backwater, wherein cattle stand, placidly reaching after the water weeds that tioat on its surface. Deep shadows lie under the trees that dot the paddock. From the cottage chimney a column of blue smoke steals almost imperceptibly upwards. As we gaze the cattle cease their lazy feeding, and stand drowsily motionless in the cool water; silence broods over everything. Not a beetle or a dy is Btirring. It is as if, like the palace of the sleeping beauty, it were enchanted ground; ana we, too, fall a-dteaming by the fence. But presently a dog barks frantically for a few moments; then, soothed by the gentle caress of the genial sunshine, sits himself down to blink at the autumn sky. The spell is broken, and life resumes its round. A woman comes to the cottage door, and surveys us distantly, sheltering her eyes with her hand; a Hock of ducks dozing on the backwater greet her appearance with loud, effusive quack, connecting it and the inclina tion of the sun with certain dole of corn such as their souls love. A brace of flustered bluebottles hurry, buzzing, into prominent notice; the cattle resume their idle meal; and we pass on. In the corner of the nest paddock there is a deep dimple, occupied by a circular waterhole, whose depth is an unknown quantity. The water is thick and moveless, and inky black; trees and shrubs bend over it trying to hide its dark sullen face from the serene blue sky. Bramble and bracken, with tufted sedges and delicate tracery of maiden4iair fern, mingle in a green and graceful tangle on its margin. But despite its bright cumraTidinga and the rs^iant sky and mellow sunshine, it is a grim and gloomy spot What evil spell is on it? What dark story could that lifeless water tell if it could speak? Surely uo bird builds among the boughs tb&t; etoOp over it! Surely no living thing dwells in its murky depth ! Stay ! there is an almost imperceptible ripple on thfe surface; and close to the edgeemerges slowly a green and brown head with promi nent glassy yellow eyes, that stare at us coldly and nnwinkingly. Another, and yet another appears in the same noiseless, stealthy way, and presently we find ourselves uncannily observed by a watchful circle of weird, motionless eye* We bear the inspection un easily, rejoicing that we are four ; but shortly realise, relieved^ that this ominous pool, with its golden-eyed inhabitants, is but a haunt of the bullfrogs, whose loud, monotonous chant wakes the echoes by night in late spring. A hand is inadvertently raised ; and instantly every head has gone as noiselessly as it ap peared, leaving not a ripple behind. The path, still hugging the river, swerves suddenly round a bend, and enters a paten of bracken knee hitth. Chance is not to be tempted in the matter of snakes at this time of year ; therefore, keeping the narrow beaten track, we walk in single file, a congenial and long-accustomed company of four. On the edge of the bank some box-bushes-called by the natives Crip-crip-are blossoming; a little breeze Bhivers from the south-west, wafting towards us the fresh piny fragrance of their masses of white bloom. There went a kingfisher ! not one of our snge and highly revered friends, the laughing jackasses, but a brilliant vision of green, and gold, and blue, that flashed out of sight almost before we could exclaim at the beauty of its plumage. This species is not common with us; more over, it is a shy bird, and difficult of ob servation. We have seen but two by the river within as many years. A high hedge of Adelaide scrub here takes the place of the fence ; under its thick shade is another waterhole, margined like the last, with fern, and bramble, and tall rushes, but more open to the blessed light of heaven. The surface is green with a tangle of water lily pads; the flower cups rise, pure white, centred with velvety-black, in myriads, giving out a faint,'sweet scent, like wall flowers on a dewy morning. When gathered they fall flaccid unless put into water im mediately ; held in the hand they lose the pure white of their petals, become semi transparent, and, in a very short time, are limp and lifeless. The heat ot the hand makes them faint and die. From hill and hollow a thousand songs are rising. They are softly echoe l from the hedge, whose Bliarp, prickly branches are set in quiver ing motion by unseen small birds that Hit among them unscathed and unconcerned, chirping and twittering, adding their musical mite to the rapturous chorus, which, uttered with all force of heart and voice, is ringing round us. The bird world iB full of rejoicing; la not the iron rule of summer drawing to an end ? Is there not near promise of a gracious antomn, with its bright sunshiue, cool moist earth, and daily springing of young grass? Singing and still singing unceasingly and un wearied!?, each one takes up in turn the hymn of praiseful and blissful content From fence and paddock and gum-tree hundreds of magpies pipe their mellow song; the little scrubdwellersintheriverbusilyweftveasubtle web ot melody. Jays are calling their Strang remonstrance from the trees on tbe other Bide, '' Arrah-cookey-cookey," "Arrah cookey-cookey," they repeat reproachfully till the listener laugh? outright at the odd incongruity of exekftnation and surroundings. Thrushes oesshade each other with clear flute- like tones {in the distance a " mourner is efogingits Bad requiem over dead joys: while high overhead flocks of parrots and parakeets follow each other, Bwiftiy whisking across the blue and shrieking horribly, let " all things seasoned to perfection are, and here in the bush the harsh cries of the parrot tribe, the querulous caw of the ubiquitous crow, the jay's rough call, chatter of roinah, and the peevish cry.of the mudlark, all melt and blend with the sweeter songs of other more numerous birds into a great harmonious whole. The bracken abruptly ceases, and the path now winds in and out among gum saplings, many of whose young and tender leaves are bent and caught and stuck together in a strange, warped, irregular way, giving the unhappy treea a blighted, unhealthy look. They are knitted together, and lined with a atrong, thick, white silken web. These are the nests of the leaf-folders, who, when they emerge from them, will play sad havoc with the leaves that have sheltered them. They sometimes reduce young saplings to mere skeletons, bearing aloft nothing but the mid ribs of leaves that they have greedily de voured. In among the saplings grow isolated bushes of scented scrub, the young leaves and shoots of which, if bruised and crashed in the hand, give out a delicate fragrance like that of lemon thyme; and over all rise honey gums, in full perfection of their heavy scented white blossom, in almost every sepa rate liower a bee hard at work, while the air resounds with the deep-toned hum of the thousands on each tree. The hedge has given place again to a fence, behind which a steep bluff juts out to the south, its frowning sides furrowed by narrow terraces, foothold of cattle and sheep clinging to it in search of herbage. Beside this hill the path runs, becoming ever steeper and steeper. Below the tea-tree has disappeared from the river bed, the sand-heaps are no more Been, the river has asserted itself, and stretches round the foot of the bluff in a long clear reach. It is a pretty Bpot. Tea-tree bushes lean over it, gums lace their long arms across it; it is liecked and dappled with sunlight and cool shadow. Water beetles scud over it in wild unseemly haste ; tree swallows 6kim lightly over its bosom. Be side it, clinging to the steep bank, is a wild cherry, in whose thick foliage every tint of green meets. Looking at the water where the blackfish hide, it is difficult to believe that this is the stream in whose bed wc walked, and over which we lightly jumped a quarter of a mile back. We turn our steps reluctantly homewards. Before we reach the log by which we cross to our accustomed side the sun has set, the bird choir has ceased its service, the crickets are shrilling their vespers, and the evening star trembles in the twilight sky. 