sFo&irxNQ; TOPS es. \- Br the " SroarsMAN " Staff. " Vigilani's " Sydney Jottings and other items of interest will he found on Page 6. Aethouoh it is not usual for a news- paper to answer any questions involv-_ ing points of law, yet so many of these arise, and are of such general interest and importance, that the proprietors of the S poets scan have now arranged to get such queries, when they refer to sporting matters, answered by a thoroughly quali fied' legal gentleman: It must be .dis tinctly understood, however, that we as sume no responsibility in these- answers, and for the sake of ensuring sound advice, correspondents should write a fair state ment of both sides of the question, as an i opinion is given only'on the statements made, and lftliese are not accurate, then the. answer. cannot tie of mtlcli value as to the point at issue. All letters requiring legal advice should be sent to the office not later than Friday night. Que : readers will regret to hear that Mr.George Watson, the prince of starters, was last week seized with a paralytic stroke, the result of which is that his left side is paralysed. We are glad to be able to state that Mr. Watson was yester day better, and that nnder foe care of Dr. Fitzgerald he is progressing as favour ably as could he expected- That jhe may soon he .about qgaw, and wield foe flag at Caulfield and Flemington, wiU.be the: unanimous desire 'of .foe -sporting public.. -Ode Adelaide correspondent sins (under .date- of '22nd September)- -that the steamer Dranilm sailed to-day with foe following raoehoraes aboard, vis,.: — Sardine, Gratitude, Juanna,' Bis Bis/ Brigand, Ballarat; with Harry Tothill; Baby, Lantern, Trojan, Fnaee. Chester, Alpha, and Affluence, with , O'Brien htad Burke. . Bob Wyinan and other jockeys were also passengers. On SnndayBsr- dius did hia last strong gifllop , on foe training track, the time for the mfle bring lmin. ' 54sec? once round 2min 37sec., two miles 3min. 50sec., shaking off Juanna' m.tke last mile and finishing strongly. The saddle chafed a mark on hia side, but he is veiy well, and fancied by his trainer. - The other horses are aU well. What . a harvest foe football season must be for cabmen, as foe number -of vehicles congregated round foe various 1 ootball grounds last Saturday afternoon was legion., - B, GBtFFlTHe.gmved from Adelaide on Monday morning in bharge of Mr. A B. Boberfom'B horaglj.Dunlop and Dirk Hatteraick, together with Antonio. The trio were landed in foe pink of condition, and took up their quarters at Mr. Geo. H. Bead's hostelry, Flemington. Mr. A B. Bobertson was -iiot so fortunate during the passage , Mrhis racehorses, as during a portion of it no was prostrated with a severe attack pif .asthma— at one time serious resnltt peuig anficipated- -Anabchv igas in pue of her mad fits on foe track yesterday 'morning, and played up high jinks until Williams got into foe pigskin, when after giving him a very -healthy time of it - for about ten' 'minutes, foe firm hand asd resolute heart of the - rider BorC dOWh pppotitiriq, jmd foe : Spectators were gifoh Ufi ' ocular demonstration of how reason can over come instinct . f Mr. A L. Johnson has taken Deceiver over to Sydney to fulfil his Bandwiek engagements. : . The Daylesford Turf Club intends "holding a meeting on' New. Year's Day. The programme, particulars of which wul be -found in our .advertising columns, consists of foe following eS-ents ; — Ladies' Purse, of 15 sovs. ; -Hufdle Race, of 25 sovs. ; Daylesford Handicap, £30 ; Trot, . of £16; Selling Hack Race, of £7. 10s. ; SellW- Race, .of 20sovs. ; and ConsoIation Stakes! oTE icisovs. Nominb-. tions for the Hurdle Race, Daylesford Handicap, arid Handicap Trot are. doe on SatnrdaV, 12fo , . December. General entriesriose.qnThureday, list December. 1 The secretary informs ns that foe course has been greatly improved. , The' general entries for -foe minor events to >be ran for at the Melbourne,. Hnnt-Cfinb meeting on the 3rd October closed on Monday. The first event is the Spiling Race, for which seven are: entered. There are fofeccn in foe HnTdle Raoe, including Chats wort h, Tan- taliser, Duration, MisUke, Yernet, Waverley, General Jacksfo, and Hunter. The next two events pre lie Hunt Club Cap and Handicap Flat Race, the entries for which were referred to last week. The Steeplechase has < tea entries, and these include the named ' of Stag, Sir Samuel, Bob Cooper, Tanjlstickor, Ches ter, Goodwood, and Pride; The Sapling - States has twenty-three engaged. The gencral 'entries . ffo the Ballarat Turf and Hunt Club Rocrijto be held on "flic 1st and 2nd "OcC51ier|were made on. Monday and appear in thmnisual column." They are not very numerous, but some good ones are engaged, ofoere should be some excellent sport ' The committee of the St. Andrew's Gala, to take place in foe' Gardens on friiice nrTvrTOs'TDyfoySSCdriev-. mined to win. the -palroriage of the musses, for, iu addition to the usual first prize (a cottage value £225), foey are offering some £500 worth of prizes, and a glance at our advertising columns will show a magnificent programme of sports, with over £100 worth of. prizes to be competed for. Fob the opening day of the A.J.C. meeting the weather was all that could be desired, bnt, owinc to rain having fallen during the week, the phenomenal time registered at Hawkesbury was not looked for. Ms66Bs. \V. and J. Lee's gelding Caloola, when running well in the Hurdle Race .at. Hawkesbury, bolted, and had to be satisfied with the . barren honours of third place. Oa Saturday, however, with the same weight up and half a mile farther to travel, the son of Gemma di Vergy never gave his op ponents a ghost of a show, and won easily from the Victorian representative, Raven, Michael being third, lengths away. Student started favourite, but 12st. and foe last hurdle proved fatal to the son of Lecturer, who was clean pumped out, and be fell. Ravenswood, when taking his preliminary, stopped short and threw his rider, giving him such a shaking that he was unable to remount, and foe horse, as a eonse- quenoe-did notstsrfc Oaheeigh, who carped 9st. 71b. In foe Ladies," Bracelet at foe Canterbury Park meeting on foe 5fo instant, and ran se cond to Boori on that oeeaskm, oame to foe rescue of foe fielders in foe Trial Stakes, for which events Lennox, de spite his 71b. penalty, was made a hot pot; Hales having the mount. The son of Roodee never gave his opponents a chance, as he jumped off oh foe fall of foe flag, and won by nearly two lengths. Rather strange that Roodee, who raced as a two and three-year-old nnder Mr. J. White's banner, . shonld sire's sen to heat that gentleman's selected. Tempe won this event last year, and was steered by Hales. The field for foe Derby numbered one more than faced foe starter last year, when Bargo and Tremando represented Mr. J . White, and NepiesBina and Cairngorm earned foe brown and rose of Mr. A F. Smart. Notwithstanding foefart . that only two owners' horses were doing battle for foe " garland of the turf," foe mile and a half was cut out in 2min. 42seo., Bargo winning," and Tremando gaining second plaoe. Tins year Uralla was supposed to hold a claim onthe classic event, and as foe daughter of -Chester had been withdrawn from foe Hewkes- -bnry Guineas so as to come fresh to foe post, she received foe support of racing men, and started a strong favourite, whilst First Chester, who' appropriated foe latter event somewhat easily, was held next in esteem. Nordenfeldt, who, through taming round in the Guineas when foe flag fell thareby. destroyed Ids chance, was almost friendless wnen Hales was seen on thefilly._ EUis, on foe son of Musket, received -orders to make foe running, and he didyo -until foe en- tranoe forborne was Teached, where the -Guineas -winner passed Nordenfeldt, and foe -filly also making her effort at the same time' a good' nee ensued, First Chester bong foe first to cry joeeecei. Nordsnfeldt fairly wore down foe fillv, and Ellis placed his first Dsrhy win to Ins credit-by three parts of a length, Uralla bring seoond, Mr. White' repeating last year b performance. Mb. Joseph Thompson's Lockleya— Hoyden colt has been named Master John. . Thhocgh Uralla securing second posi tion in the Derby, Mr. White thereby saves the 100 sovs. that would have been paid out of foe stake had another owner's horse gained that honour. These were five more starters for the Epsom Handicap on Saturday than there were last year, when that event was won by Espiegle. Folly, who failed to gain a situation in the County Purse at Hawkes bury with 6st. 21b. and Nicholson in foe saddle, when the mile took lmin. 4 ilsec. to cover, won a grand race by a neck from Wing, with 7 st. 71b. on nor hack. Lord Exeter was favourite at 2 to 1, and by a rather strange coincidence the son of Julian Avenel also started first favourite last year, but had 81b. less on his hack, when he likewise finished third, the distance being ran in exactly the same time — viz., lmin. 43(sec. Sanders rode the daughter of Grandmaster, and O'Brien Wing. In foe Spring Stakes won by Malna last year there were six starters. Off Colonrand Reginald filling foe places, the mile and a half being traversed in the excellent time ef 2min. 41sec. This year foe time was wretchedly slow, and Moonshee won after a desperate race from Astroea, who Buffered a neck defeat, Reginald again dropping into third place, Silver King started at 10 to 1 against, which did not appear to betoken mat foe son of First King " was wanted on foe voyage." Dbshond, who won foe September Handicap at the Canterbury Park meet-, ing, defeating Ravensworth/who subse quently landed foe Ladies' Bracelet at Hawkesbury for Miss Mayo, went oat second favourite for the Welter Handieap, and always being in a good position, drew away when called on, and won by a length in the good tune or 2min. llfsee. With foe exception of the Epsom Handicap and Welter Handieap, foe time registered for each event on Saturday was slow compared with laat year. The patent starting apparatus of Mr. H. Payten was given a trial, but it did not work to foe satisfaction of either foe luhlie or foe officials, and it will probably te a very long time yet ere foe time- honoured flag mil be superseded. Robebtson and Sanders were foe most successful riders for Victoria on Saturday, the former running one, two, three, whilst the latter won one race out of two mounts. The programme for the annual sports of the Creswick Miners' Association ap- peps in onr advertising columns. Liberal prize money is offcred for various events, inrlndimr the Association Handicap, of 130 yards, for whiich first money -is £25. The Tug of . War, twelve men a-side, oc- casions the distribution of £42. Entries close on the lOfo October, and -accept ances-oil the 24th of foe name month. . Ts" Derby winner. Melton, has, as was expected, added the St. Leger to his list qf victories ; Isobar was second, and Lonely, the Oaks winner, third. One disadvantage that the numerous assemblage present suffered was that the new grand-stand was not in a sufficiently forward state to be utilised ou this occasion. A cobbe6pondent writes suggesting that the South Melbourne football team', now they are in such good form, should play a match against a picked twenty chosen from other clubs, the proceeds to go to the charitable institutions. Other corres pondents suggest that a match for the charities should be played next Saturday between the South Melbourne and Essendon Clubs. The Essendon men hare no engagement, and doubtless in such a good cause the Richmond would not object to cancel their match with the I Sautheners. who wonld then be at libertv to play the red and black. The time, r. doubt, is short, but the match con li? c easily arranged. The Deniliquin Jocke- holding a meeting on F . ' ! .e programme compri i -V.oiei. !."i-r, of 16 sovs. ; Hur. :- " <t;;L :o ov- added; Boxir.p- »i- : vt' .i.tb sovs. adde-i Pip/.-.-.-; ."'civ. at id sovs.; and Ln-iV.-s .:e . iiti- - '. sois. addc-i. i. g. to v- . Ifm first hi-' and ' . ' - guineas to - to lb. ni.i'-.iiiator .i, first horse h-.,< i.o i" miusti.-'. jy ladies only. No- icetioi.- -ere oi. Tuesday, 1st De- 1 centner- ii! the weights will be de clared or. -fh December. Entries for the Moid:.' - Plate, and acceptances, are due ou Thursday, 24th December. sidneytattbesatt'sSumtncr Meeting promises to be an unusually good one. Besides the Summer Cap there is to be a handicap — the Cairington Stakes, so named in hononrof the new Governor of 4)ia aicf-Of rinlnnr. Tf is JL lOnOsor. Rfntri 700 going to the first, 200 to foe second, and 100 to foe thiid. The entrance fee is 6 sovs., with a like amount for accep tance. The distance is a mile and three furlongs. The Messrs. Miller intend to use Bras de Fer at their stnd this season instead of ; Dante, Mr. Ricketson, of Barratta, having agreed to the exchange. . Bras de Fer can claim some speedy ones, includ ing foe flying mare Pyretic. As was anticipated, the report and statement of accounts to "be submitted to the annual meeting of the Victoria Ama teur Turf Club# arc very satisfactory documents. Notwithstanding that im provements, costing £2714 7s. 4d., have been carried ont, foe liabilities have bran reduced by £769 9s. 6d. Every one of the meetings held last season showed a profit, the figures "being : — Cup meeting, 1884, £2261 6s. 2d. ; December meeting, 1884, £644 4s. 9<L ; February meeting, 1885, £290 3s. lOd. ; ' March meeting, 1885, £297 10s. 3d. ; April meeting, 1885, £287 10s. 6d. ; June meeting; 1885, £241 3s. Id. ; August meeting, 1885, £4137 16s. 7d. The annual meeting will be held on Monday, 5fo October, when four mem bers of committee willhave to he elected. The retiring members are- the Hon. JN. Pearson, and Messrs. M. O'Sbanassy, H. Smith, and W, Martin; all of whom are eligible for re-eleetion. Intending competitors are again re minded foot foe gates, booths, outer carriage paddock; oyster stall, and fruit stall on theHill in connection with the Spring Meeting of foe Melbourne Hunt Club will be sold at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday next. Attention is drawn to the advertise ment of the Sydney Driving Park Club's first trotting meeting, which has 'been postponed. It will be held at the Agri cultural Society's ground, Moore Park, on Saturday, 24th October. Entries close on Wednesday, 144h October, at five o'clock. . The New Zealand steeplechaser St. -Dunstan has been purchased bvMr. J. Bennett, of Sydney, who has naff him brought over. It is -said he was scflfi for 100 sovs., bnt foe New Zealanders enter tain no small opinion as to his qualities. The construction of the much-needed new bridge on foe Kororoit Creek, near foe Williamstown Racecourse, is to be under taken at once, and it is expected will be completed in time for the November meeting. It will cost £600, foe Govern ment, foe Racing Club, and foe Wynd- ham Shire Council contributing a third each. Writing abont improvements reminds me that the alterations at the Flemington Racecourse station are being speedily pushed on with. Nominations for foe Geelong Racing Club's Sires' Produce Stakes, to be run at the Summer Meeting in January or February, 1869, must be made with foe G.R.C., V.R.C., A.J.C., or S.AJ.C. secretaries on or before Monday next. Each nomination must be accompanied 1T i promissory note, made by foe owner or his attorney, for £20, payable on foe 4th J anuary , 1889, to the order of foe secretary of the Geelong Racing Club. The Moonee Valley meeting originally fixed .for 28tb December has been altered to 2nd January, the day following the V.R.C. New Year's Day- Meeting. The attention of breeders and buyers of horses is directed to au announcement by Messrs. J. H. Teague and Co., regard ing a special horse sale to take place at Benalla on Wednesday next. Among foe lots forward will be horses suitable, for foe requirements of foe Indian market. We have received a letter from " Viator," who objects, as a disinterested spectator, to foe remarks made by our contributor " Goal Post " regarding the conduct of certain of the spectators at the Melbourne and WUliamstown match. Hq praises the play of foe Williamstown team, and alleges that the metropolitans had recourse to unfair tactics, such as unduly kicking foe baU oaf; of bounds, and were at times cowardly. We prefer, however, to accept the remarks of our contributor, who, wc are convinced, criti cises the games in an impartial manner, and from an unbiassed spectator's point of view. Besides, it does not follow that because "Viator" did not hear the objectionable remarks they were not uttered. These is every likelihood of a contest at the next meeting of foe Victorian Cricketing Association over a proposal tantamount, if accepted, to the removal of the disqualification placed on Messrs Boyle, Blackham, M'Donnel', and Scott. Mr. G. Browning, on Monday night, gave notice of motion to foe effect that he shall be at liberty to select any of those players in matches br-i ': under the auspices of the Associat; i> i letter was also received from tb' I - ' . United Club urging the do- r -i removing the disabilities uuyo- > : j ' ' Association on (be Vv-ior.u. i u; .-noc. -t foe late Australian l/c- . v Thebe vi , - n ow ! ei tiic mccT-ng o: foe Victonau '.'"..'kot As social ior- on Mor.iin-s - vgr.'-fiing the J'-- nrier in will.-', '-r - c'ui-.i <» i' -wed up mm -be --ill1 i.- i- ii!' ' - the deta il-. i- ' tr..,. I..!--- ,aof the game n hich bad vacant ; -lii'. j ii::- i -m to accept if foey . .,; .i '. gates declined to inter- i l\ - rangement of matches was j - a foe secretaries of the clubs. i >.iie football loving public of Ballarat : are most anxious to see foe Sonth Mel bourne. foe premier football clnb of the season, and the local premiers, the Sonth Ballarat, meet, and, with this end in view, negotiations are proceeding to bring about a meeting in Ballarat on Saturday, 3rd October. Ballarat, in foe persons of ' P. Barns and G. M'Kenzie, nave fur nished foe South Melbourne with two of their leading players, and their perform ances since leaving foe Golden City have been closely watched, with foe resnlt that, if the South Melbourne should elect to play in Ballarat, as requested, foe match would draw the largest atten dance ever seen at a football match there, and be productive of a grand game. The South Ballarat have beaten foe Ballarat nve tunes ana tne jjaunrat imperial tonr times this season. D. Caelanan, who was well known, in oonnection with the wins of Adonis, Prodigious, and others over the big timber at Flemington, took his departure for Calcutta, via Sydney, on Saturday last. He has been engaged to ride. for one of foe Rajahs there. Wanda, with 9st. 31b. up, started first favourite for the Welter Handicap, won by Desmond, on Saturday. With. 8lb. less, and four furlongs less to go, foe Shorts proved a .good thing for the daughter of Grandmaster. Morceau, who ran second in foe.Welter Handicap, also occupied foe barren honour of third; in the Shorts. ' - ? Despot has started eleven times since he mjde his ddbul on the .turlE, and has only twice succeeded in running into ;a place, and, strange to relate, it was in the- Hawkesbury Handicap that he did so. j A wksxON. shooting match Will take place on Friday next' at Hurlingham, Brighton Park. A trophy, value 10 guineas, will he foot for. Sweepstakes' vili ' be made ' tip - subsequently: v Dtspei-eiX, -oUteffKesefMmusness. and:.- . miserableness all diced with Hop Bitters.. _' Genuine made byAmmcan Oo. See. v 