GOULBUEN. (FROM OXJE CORRHS1-ONDEHT.) Tho Feast of Corpus Christi was celebrated in the Cathe dral by High Moss, sung by his Lordship, Fathers Phelan and Fogarty being doacon and aub-deacon respectively, and Bov-. John Gallagher master of ceremonies. At the con clusion of Masc the Bishop complimented the peoplo on the largo congregation presont, and explained the nature of tho Feast. On Tuoaday his Lordship oelebrated the 18th anniversary of hie consecration. At eight o cloak High mass was oung in the Cathedral, at which tho Bishop gave to the congrega tion proaont the Papal benediction. I understand tho Diocoban Synod to open here on the eight of next month will bo carried out with all tho solemn formality prescribed by the canono of the Church. High Mass of tho Holy Ghost will be sung, at tho conclusion of which a sormon cpocial to the occasion will be preached by the Bov. John Gallagher, St. Patrick's College, After which, tho church beiDsr cleared of the lay people, the clergy will then proceed with tho business of tho Synod. I am glad to sqo we are going to have the Catholic Literary, Society re-established again. The meeting on Sunday was very woll attenclod, and it is to be hoped tho new blood will infuse genuino activity eufflciont to place it on a permanent basis from tho otart. Such societies for Catholic young mon deserve tho support of everyone having their moral, intellectual, and religious welfare at heart. Friday boiug tho Feast of tho Most Sacred Heart, High Mass will bo uuiig at nine o'clock, after which a procession will take place in which the children from the various achools will take part. The same ceremonies will be carried out onSulidny at eleven o'clock. During the timo between Friday and Sunday, the Forty Hours adoration of the Blocaed Saoramcnt will take place. I hoar the Brothers of St. Patrick, whose school is in a most flourishing condition, intend sending some boys for tho Junior public examination in September next. Their new school, jus tnow completed, will accommodate with ease over five hundred persons sitting. -'-...?? 