M AUYBOKOU GH ELECTION OPmiONS OF THE PRESS. ( Queenslander .) Mr. (Sheridan's innocent little move, made evidently with the view of staving off opposition from a powerful opponent, is not likely to be attended with the suc cess which he anticipated, although it successfully appealed to Dr. Power's well uLuuuess or neart. xne new Postmaster-General, before sending that letter to Dr. Power, had apparently omitted to tell his colleagues that his state of health would not admit of his re maining more than a few months 1 longer in Parliament. If he had done this a short time ago, he would probably never have been made Postmaster-General, and his colleagues will scarcely approve of his expressed intention of soon retiring in favor of the Opposition candidate. Then, again, the electors of Maryborough did not altogether relish the idea of electing a ' sick' Minister, or, in fact, of electing anyone for such a short time. But they need be under. uo apprenension It^ is said that the reason why a cer tain candidate for the pontifical chair was once elected as Pope was because he was such a wreck physically that he could not live any time to fill the posi tion, and because the supporters of two other candidates wished to gain time in order to rally their forces. But the sick man, after gaining office, suddenly — in fact, some said miraculously — recovered, and lived for mauy years afterwards to eujoy the comforts and emoluments of his high office. It does not require a very wise prophet to foretell a somewhat similar result in Mr. Sheridan's case. It is surprising what benefits may be derived from the enjoyment of £1000 a year ; aud this fact, combined with the circumstance that ne has been saved the ' anxiety aud excitement' of contesting tbe election with such a favorite as Dr. Power, may— and no doubt will-^-effect a wonderful and rapid, if not mirabulous, improvement in the state of health ofthe new Minister of the Crown; {Rockhampton Bulletin.) ? : The Hon. R. B. Sheridan, . the new .1 ostmaster-General — now no longer the ? the. fifth wheel, but a part of the State coach that must needs bear some of the weight or responsibility properly attach ing to a portfolioed Cabinet Minister — has gone to Maryborough to smooth the way for his re-election. As yet nothing is definitely known about opposition to his return, and there seems a prospect of his having a walk-over. All I can say is that if the people of Maryborough are satisfied with Mr. Sheridan as one of their representatives in the Assembly, it does not take much to satisfy them on this head. A man of less real influence in the House it would be difficult to select. But I suppose the good people of the Mary will nut him in ncain in anti cipation of favors to come. A live Postmaster-General, as their member, could hardly fail to give them connection — at what inconvenience to other ports or at what cost is no matter — with both the coastal aud English mail services. ( Gympie Miner), We wonder what Mr. Sheridan's col leagues think of his making a compro mise with the eneiny. The revelations of the compact iu this morning's Chron icle must effectually damn him with his constituents. The very fact of his ad mission that his political views are, to use his own words, 'consonant with those of VUe Opposition,' in irretrievably ilamaging ; nothing could be more so. 'At.the same time wo cannot help think ing there is a little of the Greek horse ,1a Mr. Sheridan's compact ; it looks very like a bluff to the Doctor, and in our opinion Mr, Sheridan has no more idea of resigning his seat than the heavens have of falling. His soul yearns for the dignity of the Postmaster General ship, aud apprehensive, without the smallest reason, that his constituency would be snatched from him by Dr. Power, he makes an ignoble bargain, but that he liaa hot the remotest idea of keeping it, his hazy remembrance of the compact with Dr. Power -fully proves. * * * We have never heard of a more damaging political expose. What will Mr. Griffith say to this compromise with the enemy. We fully endorse Dr. Power's remark that he had never wit nessed a more humiliating spectacle than Mr. Sheridan's confession, and , that he felt sure that if Mr. Sheridan was elected, he would on going down to Brisbane to those honorable gentleman withiwhom he is associated, be ordered right out of the Cabinet. ft, (Northern Argus.) Our telegram rc Maryborough election caused us no surprise, kn6Wihg: as we do the particulars of the 1 situation. The ' grand old man' has' gMfen .great dis satisfaction. not so mutih %ecause he had not attended to his Parliamentary duties, or the wants of his constituency, as because of the insufferable ' side' he put on, occasioned by, we suppose, pride of office. Had a popular local man' been put up, like Mr. Bryant, the Mayor, who was spoken of, Mr. Sheridan would not have had the ghost of chance of being returned. 