The Fast and the Future. By Nemo. Notwithstanding the unusual difliculUes that had to M contended against, the spirited venture of the South Aus tralian Jockoy Club in holding i(s meeting at Flemington has been fail. ysuoceeatul. Of course the necessity for a postponement must have had its ill effects; but taken right through the club lias achieved a success, and has also deaH out a lesson to those Adelaide patriots who could not b* made to understand that by driving horse-racing out of theii colonv thev irere also shuttinir their dooni asmincf * heap of new money which is always in circulation al race timeB. The meetiojr *»»-ened on the 2nd with the Hurdle' Race, for which five started, and Old 8oul was moat ia favour, but he was caught on the post by Sir Patrick, « son of Croagh Patrick and Princess Royal, who had list 121b. in the saddle, and was piloted by Ferguson, who. would appear to be the coming man at the stick bu-iness. The St Leger afforded The Broker an opportunity ol avenging his Kandwick defeat; and Lantern won the Good* wood Handicap rather easily from Lord Wilton, The Ghost, and a large field. In consequence of the rain, tht eecoad day's men^ had to be postponed uutil the following Saturday, when some pretty racing look place. Capri, the handsome son of Yat tendon and MandragoM, Eecured the Maideu Plate from a poor lot. Ten went to the post for the Nursery Handicap, and Remns, by Gang Forward from Itomula, won cleverly by a length from Honeycomb, who it will be remembered ran so w»ll at Moonee Valley t. few weeks ago, and Ulalume, who bad a rattling finish for f econd place, ending in a dead heat. From tho accounts received, the Adelaide Cu would seem to have been a thoroughly true run race, fur nearly everything of note held a position in the first flight at one time or other. Robertson would appear to have made more use of Britisher than ie generally his custom during the earlv stages of ? race, and he turned into the straight looking very like a winner, but. Anchorite and Lord 'Wilton coming at him, the John bull blood failed to carry him home, and he joined Lantern, who headed the beaten division, and left the battle to Lord Wilton and Aachorite, and the son of Ci'Untnmanand Instep, staying like a racehorse, won all out by a length. That he wa» in the best possible form was proved by the fact of his having ma second to Lantern on the previous Saturday for the Goodwood Handicap. On that occasion he carried 7et. 51b. to Lantern's 6st. 121b., and eo gave the sun of Wild Eagle and Pocahontas 71b., whilst in the big rao the order of things' was reversed; f.ir, including bij 101b. penaltv. Lantern had 7st. 31b. in the raddle, while Lord Wilton had an. even 7ft; so that there was a clean 101b. between them on the Goodwood Handicap running, and that wai quite sufficient to account for their altered position*. Lord Wilton first stripped as a two -year - old at Morphet ville, Adelaide, with Gut. l'/lb., and finiehed out of a place fur the Flying Handicap, won by Dirk Hatteraick Ost. 121b., but at the same meeting could not get amongst them with 6»t. 101b. in the Nursery Handicap, also won by Dirk Hatteraick, 6st. 12 b. Whin three years ol'd he commetced well by winning the Mares' Produce Stakes (at Morphe(ville). 1£ mile, 8st. 101b., in 2.25, beating Country Boy and Bis Bis ; won the Farewell H*ndi:ap. 1 mile, 6st. 10ib., in l.5'2£, beating ToUlisator, 8st., the Israelite, 8«t. 121b., arid a good field. With 7et. 71b. up, failed to get a pl*ce in the September Handicap, 1£ mile, won by Sardiuc, 7et. 91b. He then went to CW.field. and with 7st. Sib., was well beaten for the Hawke^burn Handicap, a mile and a furlong, von by Camerine, 7st. Shortly afterwards he ran without getting a place ia the Newmarket Handicap, six forlongp, 7et. 5!b. up, won by Malua, Sat. 71b. ; and also rau nowhere with 7st. 91b. lor tho Bourke Hindi cap, seven furlongs, won by Soldier Boy, 8sL 111b. Ketuming to Adelaide, he carried 76t. in' the Goodwood Handicap, 1 mile, won by Ironmaster, 7at. With 6sU 101b. was never in the Adelaide Cap, a mile and five fur longs, won by Malua, 9st. ; and with 7st. 2!b. ran second to Dutchman, 7st. 61bs., for the Flying Handicap, six fur longs. At the Adelaide Racing Club Meeting 7st. 131b. put Lim out of a place for the Trial Handicap, six furlongs, won by Gymkhana, 6s t. 131b. ; and at the Bame meeting, with 6st. 12ib , ran second to Topax, 8st., fur the C.ty Handioap, 1 mile. He commenced his four veir-old career by carrying 6st. 1 lib., and running a good second to Blink Boany, 7st. 31b., tor the Caulfield Cup, when the 1* mile was cast behind in 2.40$, and was aUeoded by Vergy, 7st lib., Malua, 9»t. 121b., and a brilliant field. With 7«L 101b. he failed tu run forward for the Moonee Valley Cup, won by Meteor, 7st. 81b. AfUr that he would. ^ appear to bare gone off, for Get. 111b. fonad him in «u trouble in the Melbourne Cup, won by Malua, 9ft. 91b. ; and at the nne meeting 7st 111b. did not help him to ran for ward for the Fres Handicap, won by Helens, 7«t 81b. At Bendigo ha failed to get a place in the Sandhurst Cup, 1| mfle and a distance, with 7st 101b., won by Camerine, 7st 41b. Hii next appearance was at the recent meeting, where he showed undeniable improvement by carrying 7st. Sib. into second place for the Goodwood Handicap, 1 mfle, won by Lantern, 6st. 121b., in 1.44, and on the second gay he crowned all hia preTious deeds by winning the Adelaide Cup, 1 mile 5 furlongs, with 7st in the saddle, defeating Anchorite, 7st. 71b., Sardiua, 8st. 101b., and 14 others, in 2.63^. He 1b by Countryman from Inatep (imp.), by Lord Clifden. from Sandal, by BtockwelL, from Lady Evelyn, by Don John, from Industry, by Priam. He is full brother to Footstep and half-brother to Annie Firmin And SandaL It must be highly satisfactory to our Adelaide friends to find that all the important arents were won by horses bred or owned by South Australians — Tbe Broker, by GoMsbrongh from Melody, who recently became the property of Mr. A. Halin uourg, won the St. Leger; Sir Thomas Elder's Joanna, by Gang FoTward from Haidee, won the Sires' Produce Stakes; Mr. W. Crozier's Lantern, by Wild Eagle from Pocahontas, second the Goodwood Handicap; and Mr. E. W. Ellis's Lord Wilton put the Adelaide Cup to his account On the last day of tbe meeting Remus proved bis form by winning he Ladies' Bracelet, and 8t- John showed himself to be a worthy brother to Tramp Toss by carrying 7st. 51b., and winning the South Australian Jockey Club Handicap from Britisher, 7et 61b.; 8t. Laurenoe, 7fit. 121b., and 17 others, including Lord Wflton, Anchorite, Corioianus, and Ring wood. The mils and a-quarter was run in the lightning like time of 2 8}, which is the fastest on record in Australia, though not the best in the world, for Getaway is credited with having covered the same distance at Saratoga (New York)in2.7f. Coming nearer home, we are to hare a nice little meeting at Canterbury Park to-day, and on the following Saturday attention wiil have to be devoted to a gathering at RosenO!. After that we shall have the Sydney Turf Club Meeting at ltacdwick on Monday, the 26th, when som« interesting items will be decided. The general entry and the acceptances for the two principal events appear in your last week's issue, and are such as should command a capital day's sport. Most of the horses engaged are doing well, \--nd as a consequence the different races are exceedingly open. The weights for the minor handicaps were declared on Thursday, and it is clear that the handicapper hag well studied recent running, for there is not anything in either work that stands out in relief against its fellow. Omad . hsun tops those in the Hurdle Uses at list, but with 51b. less Chatsworth has a far better appearance. Alpha has not any cause for complaint; neither has Michael nor Rocket ; and on paper Chatsworth and Rocket promiss to provide tbe winner. The Corinthian Cup is rather a delicate subject to handle. The top weight, Balmoral, has been well provided for with 12st. 61b., and from a hasty glance Rainbow, Galatea, and Honeydew would appear to be about the best in. So far there has not been much speculation right oat upon either *he Royal Stakes or the Queen's Birthday Cup, and most of tiie business is confined to doubles upon the two races. ) have it that Tom Brown is doing wall up North, and if his party fancy him on the day he should be one of the hardest to beat. Lord Exeter is still at Liverpool, and has many friends, but so far the stable has not madeanymovein the matter, and therefore it would be wise to leave him for the present. Highland Mary is generally considered to be well in, and up to date, perhaps, carries more money than anything else. She u in great buckle, and will be sure to run a good race. Af tor hia lengthy spell, First Demon goes freely and well, and is evidently in great heart; and great danger may also come from my friend Anchorite, who did something towards bearing out the high opinion I have always held of him bv running second for the Adelaide Cup on Saturday last After the Canter, bury Park Meeting has joined the past, some of the mist which surrounds the Birthday Cup, &c;, will be removed, and until then 1 leave the subject. 