Hilary's Husband. Hilary stood leaning against a rugged old oak just outside the farm-house gate, watch- ing her lover as he drove away from her for ever. It was a lonely road; there were neither neighbors nor passers-by to peer curiously into her face, and Aaron never once looked round as he went; she need not have pressed back the tears so resolutely. But she stood perfectly calm and still, looking fixedly down the road after the retreating wheels, though feeling as if she were watching a hearse that bore away her heart to burial in some far-away graveyard beyond reach of tears. "When the last fl niter of dust had laid it self in the road behind the gig, like a sorrow momentarily >ulled to fileep, bat ready to start into life at memory's first breath, the girl raised her clasped hands above her head, and closed her eyes tightly as if to shut out the vision of the lccg dull years to come, scratching themselves aimlessly into the dis tance, empty, loveless, and hard like the blank roaS before her. Then she turned and walked sLeadily into the house, and up the narrow stairs icto her aunt's room, and eat down by the bed, folding her slender hands in her lap, and looking down at the invalid with tired grey eye3 that seemed suddenly to have discovered the end of all things, and to know that henceforth they mu3t always look ba-ck iiisiesd of forward. Tnc paralytic neither saw nor heard when Hilary came in. She lay as she had lain those many months,—past eeeing, past hear ing, past suffering, yet living still, though as | utterly dead to her old life as had the Re- i guieicat in pace already been written in let ters c-f marble above her. For a long time Hilary sat by the bedside, absolutely motion Ices, save when she roeohanieally leaned for ward to brush a fly from her aunt's brow, or smooth away a crease in the counterpane, or straighten roras sinall crookedness that un consciously arrested her eye. One's outward senses are never so peculiarly alive to trifieB as when a great crisis cf fate holds all the spirit spell-bound. So now the various consecutive sounds cf every-day farm-life struck sharply through to Hilary's brain, and she rose obediently Irons her seat at the first stroke of the bell ringing in the men from the fields to their evening meal. She lingered a moment before going down, to look curiously at herself in the gias3. No; this change that had come was all in her life—not in herself. There were no wrinkles amid the faint horizontal lines that crossed her forehead, no hollows in the smooth, pale cheeks, no faded threads in the blonde braids that covered her head in such profusion. She looked the same now a3 when she had run down so blithely to bid her lover wclcome only an hour before. She pressed her thin, sweet lips together, and eliook her head as if to fence off memory, And then slowly descended to the dining-room, where Fanner Perkins and bis wife, with whom Bhe and her aunt had boarded ever eince she conld remember, were already eeated at the table, which was set for fonr, and had that air of elaboration about it which tables, like people, put on for an expected guest. " Why, where's Aaron ?" asked Mrs. Per kins, in evident disappointment. " I made sure he would stay, and opened a jar of my best strawberries, though young men are that ignorant, I believe he'd all as soon have had crab-apples." " He couldn't wait," Hilary answered quietly, as she took her place and busied her self with her napkin. " He had a great deal to do." Farmer Perkins raised hia bushy browe without lifting his eyes from his plate. " Had hs, then ?" be said, with good-humored doubt. " I'd be glad of the day when Aaron Johns had a deal to do." "Yea," answered Hilary, lifting her bead with a desperate feeling that it was best to get through the worst at once. " He had so little time. He leaves to- night for the West —for Omaha." " What 1" The exclamation came from Mrs. Perkins. Her husband merely suspended his opera tions with the waffle?, and stared at Hilary sideways. " Yes," she continued, in a perfectly quiet, unemotional voice. " He said he had failed long enough here, and he was sure to get a [ start there. It's a poor opening a young i lawyer has in a little country town like this, he says." " Eight enough there," assented the farmer, resuming hi3 knife 3nd fork and appetite. " We ain't so dishonest about here yet, that many folks can earn a living swearing black is white for ue. He'll do a sight better in that lying country where he's going. He's a smart enough fellow too, is Aaron. Give him a start, and he'll not come in with the hindmost." " Well, I am took back," said Mrs. Perkins slowly, quite forgetting to spread her bread in her surprise, absently eating the butter in little lumps off the end of her knife, as if test ing it. " I can't seem to settle down to it. Who'd have thought he'd go off so sudden, for all the world like a rocket before the matoh is set to it I And when is he coming back to fetch you, Hilary ? " " He is not coming back." " Not ever ? " "No." The girl answered steadily enough, but her eyes feil. " Hilary," said Mrs Perkins solemnly, lean ing forward to look at her, with both eibows on the table, " you don't mean you've been keeping company with Aaron Johns this twelvemonth back, for him to give you the go-bye like that in the end ? " " There isn't any go-by about it," replied Hilary quickly, a hot orimson spot coming to each cheek. " We've broken with each other —thas's all. He wanted me to go with him, and I wouldn't. How could I leave aunt, when she's oniy me in all the world to stay by her j and clc3e her eyes decently when she dies ? " " Come, come," said Mrs. Perkins sympa thetically. " I don't know as your church is stricter than ours, though it's true Episcopala have queer notions; but I do think there oughtn't any religion to expect a young girl to let so so likely a fellow as Aaron, and tie herself down to a half-dead body like yon I poor, unknowing creature upstairs, that can't tell porridge from cider." " I don't tie myself to her," Hilary an swered. " God tied me to her when he left us two all alone in the world, and I can't un do a duty of God's making." There was silence for a time, during which Mrs. Perkins gazed fixedly at the girl, occa sionally giving some tempting dish an abrupt pusb in her direction, and once going to the pantry to cut off a slice or particularly suc cessful election cake, which she silently put on Hilary's plato, as if wishing to offer such alleviations of destiny 88 were in her power. " Don't you feel bad, Hilary ? " she brus quely asked, at last. " Very true, my dear," said Mrs. Perkins ■ approvinply, considerably cheered by the an swer. " That's the only proper way to take sfllictions. That's just what I said myself when the black hen wouldn't set, and all the egga went addled. And I dare say there'll be some other young man along all as good as Aaron, and a stay-at-home besides. There's Nathan Taylor, now. He's none so bad when you get need to his squint. Oh, you needn't think you've had your last chance yet, Hilary. There's many a hook slips a iish that landa its second easy. Hilary shivered ever so slightly. " There'll never be any one else for me, Mrs. Perkins. Don't let's talk about it. Are you going to look over those currants io-nighi ? Shall I help you ?" " Well, yes. if you like," answered the good woman briskly. " Four hands is always better than two at a job, and there's nothing like picking over currants for diverting the mind. It'd the most distracting thing I know of. I set myself right to it the night after my little Jim wa3 buried, and it consoled me wonderful. It was really providential that he died in currant- time. I'll fetch 'em right in." They all left the table together, and the farmer took up hia straw hat from the chair whare he had thrown it upon entering, then turned back awkwardly to lay a heavy hand on Hilary's shoulder. " Hilary, my girl," he said kindly, " you're made of pretty decent stuff. You'll do." By ten o'clock that night all apparent life had ceased in the little farm-house. Save in Hilary's room every light was out, and all but she were sunk in the dreamless sleep of the hard-working. But Hilary still sat by her aunt's bed, lost in thought and taking no note ] of time. At last she rose, with the look of one ! who has come to some solemn decision, and, going to a tall chest of drawers that stood square and ungainly in a corner of the zoom under the sloping roof, she took out a white muslin dress that had lain there undisturbed since her first and only ball, and which was still very fresh and unrumpled. She shook it carefully out of its creases and laid it by while she sought for various other dainty articles of apparel,—her one pair of silk stockings and kid slippers, a white ribbon sash, a bit of rare old lace,—and then, taking off her plain stuff dress, she proceeded to make a fresh toilette from head to foot, even rebraiding her heavy masses cf hair and arranging them in a way that suited ber better. She stood at last fully dressed in the soft white muslin,—very fair, very bride-like. But something was still wanting. Brides wear veils. Ah, she must borrow hers. That little Shetland shawl, soft as spun silk and cobwebby ae lace, which had been her aunt's pride in bygone days,—what could better fit her need? With trembling hands she un folded it from its many wrappers and threw it over ber head, fastening it deftly here and there to her shining braids. It fell fleecy and light over her shoulders and floated far down over her dress. It was the finishing touch. Surely all was complete now. But no; did ever bride go to the altar without a flower upon her ? Hilary hesitated an instant, then gathering her white skirts closely around ber, with her loDg veil flung over one bare white arm, down she went, noiselessly as the ghost she seemed, to the tiny hall below. She list ened anxiously. Had the creaking wooden stairs betrayed ber ? There was not a sound indoors save the old clock ticking weariedly in the corner, where it stood like a sentinel at his post waiting to b9 relieved. Another step anil she reached the front door, slid back tbe bolt, lifted the latch, and passed oat into the dark and dewy garden. Her heart beat high as she stole softly down between the shrubberies. There was but moonlight enough to make the darkness visible, and to show berself a misty white spot upon it, strang9 in the midst of strangeness, as if a cloud had fallen to earth and gathered a semblance of human shape in falling; the rustling of the leaves was as bo many faint spirit-voices asking in frightened whispers who and what she was that had thus come among them; the tan felt cold and un accnstomed beneath her feet; the air was damp and heavy with too sweet odors; bats flew low across her pathway with ogly, flap ping wings, and her ears tinged with a thou sand little sounds that she seemed never to have heard before. It was a gruesome" hour for a girl to be out alone, but she kept steadily on her way, down between tbe straight, stiS flower-beds. The lilacs were long since done blooming, and the lilies and the syringas too. She thought of these last with a sigh; they would have been quite like orange-blossoms. There were plenty of white balsams and white phloz ana candytuft too, on either side; but she passed them swiftly by, never pausing till she cara<3 to tbe very end of the garden, where a white rose- bush, laden with half-open buds, seemed to have bloomed purposely for this hour. Hilary broke off the jflowers with hasty hands,—a few for her breast and a few for her hair were ail she needed,—and then, with an exultant thrill at her heart, she turned and retraced her steps through the fitful moonlight and the mysterious shadows, that Eeemed to turn when she did, and to chase her with gliding, dusky footsteps, as though loath to let so fair a vision go. But the house was reached in safety, the doors reclosed upon that strangely unfamiliar world cf night cutBide, and Hilary stood once more in her room before the glass, smiling a sad little smile of triumph at herself. Tes, it was all complete now. There lacked nothing save only some one to say that she was fair. She glanced shyly at her own image, ashamed of her involuntary pleasures in its sweetness, and turning sway went to the bed to bend down over tbe poor invalid, who was no far ther from her now sleeping than waking, and softly kiseed her forehead. "Aunt," she murmured beneath her fcreatb, " I take you as my witness." The clock in the hail below struck eleven; the lamp began to flicker and turn dim; Hil ary saw she must not delay. From some hidden nook that held her choicest treasures she took out a daguerreo type and placed it open upon the table. It was the likeness of a good-humored, sturdy young fellow of about three and twenty, with a beardless face and bonest blue eyes, and big, awkward hands, brought into bald relief against the uncomfortably fitting Sunday coat. It was not altogether admirable as a work of art, but Hilary looked st it with loving eyes es she knelt by the table in her bridal dra peries, and opening her prayer-book laid her right hand upon the picture and repeated aloud in a grave, hushed voice, firm with re solve and sweet with unutterable love: " I, Hilary, take thee, Aaron, to be my wadded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love, cherish, and to obey, till death aa do pars, ac cording to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I give thee my troth. The strange rite was not ended yet. Should she not too wear a marriage symbol upon her hand, like all women who have sworn this vow ? Still on her knees, Hilary reached out for a spool of yellow silk in her basket, and, knotting a slender thread firmly about her wedding-finger, slipped over it a little ring which she had heretofore always worn on the other hand. Now she felt wedded indeed, and bending forward she pressed hsr lips against the unresponsive pictured face, blushing all over hotly in sweet ehsme. And so the weird midnight ceremony came to an end, and Hilary rose, folded up her wedding garments one by one and laid them tenderly away for ever with the white roces that had scarcely yet lost their dew, returned the picture to its hiding-place, blew cut the light, crept silently to her couch, and lay there motionless as the sleeping figure in th6 bed beyond, but with wide, bright eye3 that refused to close, though all was so dark and still. From that night a new life began for Hil ary—a life unshared by any, unknown to any, and of which the only outward sign was that tiny silken thread upon fcer finger, which she replaced as often as it loosened or showed dim, and which, safely hidden as it was be neath the little trumpery garnet ring, pro voked no manner of comment. Or if occa sionally it caught a curious eye, her simple answer—" It is only to remember something by"—was a quits sufficient explanation. Bat everything was changed to her from that night. She wore only the ribbons that he best liked her in; every new gown was chosen and fashioned wholly Eccordkj.^ to his taste. Every Christmas, every birthday, she worked him presents that none saw save the poor to whom she gave them in his stead. " Aaron's handkerchiefs must be nearly worn out by now," she would say soberly to herself. " I must hem him some more." Or—" Aaron's shirts can surely hold no longer; I must make him another set. His wife mu3t not neglect him." And the needy creatures who received her gifts little knew what pure and perfect lova had aided in their making. Onee a year upon her wedding anniversary, as she called it in her thoughts, she always made a little feast to mark out the day from its uneventful fellows. Was it not natural enough some times to call a few friends together ? And no one thought of noticing that on those occa sions she invariably wore a bunch cf white roses at her breast. . . And so the years went by. -^The:poor old aunt quietly slipped away altogether outxjf the life upon which she had so slight a hold; the farmer and his wife became old and in firm, and upon Hilary, who had grown to be more daughter than guest in the house, now devolved much of the real management cf the homestead. But who, seeing the quiet, middle-aged woman moving methodically and prosaically about her work, slurring no homely part cf it, neglecting no wearisome detail, would have guessed that she hid such a bright fresh romance in her heart, and was glad of it and comforted by it through all the lonely days, and through all the tedious commonplaces of the monotonous routine? Aarbn Johns had been heard cf but once since he drove angrily away through the sun shine and the dust, never turning to look back at the girl who could so lightly let him go; and that once when Farmer Perkins brought home word from town that Aaron had gone on from Gmaha to Denver, and settled there, and had married a wife and was doing well. Hilary listened with no deepening of colour, no quickening of her even pulses, but with a curious sense that Aaron had com mitted a crime, and that she was responsible for his sin. But even that feeling wore o5 scon, and Aaron remained her dream husband still, her secret counsel in emergen cies, her daily director and helper and com forter, while she tried to think cf him as keeping pace with time, and to imagine him every year with hair a little more gray, and eyes a little less blue, and cheeks a little more sunken and furrowed. " I should know him anywhere if I eaw him," she often said to herself. Of course he would not recognize me now; but my love has kept step with his changes, and he could not have crown away Irom ft." And so the years slipped softly by, until one day Farmer Perkins returned from town bringing a wonderful bit oi news with him. " Hilary," he said, as he sat down, restisg the palms of both hand3 on his knees, and looking solemnly at her over hia spectacles, " Aaron Joans is back. He's picked up a tidy bit of money and buried hia wife out there, and now he's come on a visit io see how the old place looks. I tola him he'd find you here the same as ever, only that the old aunt was dead. He wanted to know special if she w«s alive stiil. I sl^fijs said he wm a sniarii follow, was Aaron. I knew he'd get on." " Yon don't mean Aaron's fcsck I" Sire. Perkins exclaimed, all in a flutter of excite menfc at once. " Now I bhoulau't wonder if he'd really come for Hilary at lass, and nsie she's been a-waiting ready to his hand all these years!" She went about-all day as if stunned, and when at lass word was brought her that Aaron was there and asking for her, she went to meet him like one walking in a dream. *• Ha will never know me," she repeated to her self. 1 have changed, and go of course has he; yet I feel that I should know him any where." And then she heard a voice saying heartily, " Why, she's positively not altered through all these twenty years! Hilary, I should have known you the world over I" And raising her eyes sl«, 'aw s stranger i-tasding looking at her, a large, stout man, with a bald he&&, end bushy, red-brown whiskers, end not a v/rinkl^ anywhere oil all his round, good-humored face. Was this Asrcn ? Was is possible teat this was he? Not a look, not a tone, no: a gesture seemed familiar; even his smue seemed strange. It came upon her like a shock and to ok away her breath. She could only give him her hand in silence. "Yes, the very, very sstnel" he cried de lighted iy. " Nothing ia changed. No one is changed. The same place, the same house, the Eatne people. It is as if the whole town had been sleeping an enchanted sleep. There are no improvements, no innovations.^ no alterations anywhere—not so much as a sign board torn down. Everybody seems just to have become hia own grandfather. I could swear I saw some of the very hats in the street to-c&y; thai I saw twenty years ago. it's delightful. You can't think how it rests a man, after he has lived so long in the midst of perpetual newness and stir and change, to step back to some epct where time i3 at a standstill, and where there is rsaliy nothing new under the sun. Should you have kcovm me, Hilary ? Forgive me; I could not call you by anything but the old name." " She hasn't any ether hereabouts," eaid the farmer, patting her shoulder affection ately. " Oar Hilary is Hilary to sll the townsfolk still, just as sha was in her young days.'' " She has never outgrown her young day?/' said Aaron, looking with pleased eye set tle slim figure and gentle,lovable fa.ee. "Time has stood more still with her than with any thing elae. But I'm afraid ycu have forgotten me, Hilary." She Sashed deeply all over her delicate pale face, end her eyc-3 dropped. " No," she answered, *■ I have acL Bui.— but you do not seem the same." And try as she would, through ail the cays that followed, she could not think iiini bae't into his own place. Ho was a ne»i Aaron al together, not the old Aaron whom she had eo loved, and to whom she had been *so faithful through the years. She could not- get used to him. His presence was a continuous ahouk io her, as if his real and his imaginary self were always at war with each other. Tula Aaron was too stout, too noisy, too careless, and in too exuberant good spirits. Hia clothes fitted him too well, and Bhe mis3ed the blue necktie, and the limp collar, and the big flapping silver chain. And he carried silk handkerchiefs now, and wore shirts beyond anything her simple skill could fashion. Hs was very nice, very pleasant; she found no fault with him as he was: it w&3 only that hs waa act the Aaron of her dreams, And when one evening, as ha was bidding her good-bye, he came nearer and said, gentiv, " Hilary, will' you go West with me this time when I go back?" she trembled violently, and caught away her hand, looking up at him with eyes full of perplexity. " Oh, Aaron, give me time, give me time," she faltered. I do not kaow, —I cannot say, —let me think,"' She sat up late in her own room that c-ght, as she had Bat there once so many years be fore, thinking it all over with a disquiet heart. There was no helpless form stretched on the bed beside her now. There was absolutely no one io keep her back—nothing to keep her from him. Sha had been true io him all these years; she had shut out all other love from her heart because ci that lost love of his; and now he had brought is back to her to be hers, and hers always, if she would. How could she do else than reach out to kirn ihs hand that she had given him so many years ago ? She looked down at it, fingering the little gold thread nervously. Muss she pars with thai ? Could any shining Avadtliag ring ever bs dearer to her than that had been ! 16 would be like unsaying aa old vow, like casting off an eld allegiance, to take this thread away. She went to her desk and took the little daguerreotype from its hiding- place. A faint odor of rose-leaves clung to it, like a tangible emanation from all the gentle and sweet associations with which it had enriched her life, A tranquilizing sense of paace stole over her as she looked down at the dear familiar face that had smiled changelessly back at her for so long. Oh, this was the real Aaron,—this was the Aaron to whom she had given her heart—this waa the Aaron who had been with her till he had grown into every fibre of her being. How could she be faithless to him now, giving herself away to that other and different Aaron who had eo boldiy come in to claim her ? Oh, no, no 1" she cricd aloud,-- clasping the picture to her heart with a sudden paroxysm of foolish tsars; " I cannot—I cannot I Aaron, my dear picture-love, you have been my all when i had no one else, and I will not give you up. This new Aaron i3 not the same, and if I took him in your place, it would be like divorcing mysslf from you to marry him; &nd; I should rales yon, oh, I should miss you till I died ! " And eo, merely for sake of a dream which she could not banish, Hilary sent her lovtr away once more, and stood at the end of her story as at the beginning, watching him as he drove disconsolately down the road, knewirg that she should never see him again. But he turned this time to wave hia hand to her iu friendly farewell, feeling vaguely, perhaps, that she was right after all, and that the Hilary he loved would cease to be the same transplanted to foreign 6oil. And when he had disappeared arid the dust had settled quietly down behind him, Hilary turned with a smile on her lioa to re-enter the house. Farmer Perkins stood upon the threshold, watching her somewhat anxiously. She went up to him and laid her hand upon his shoulder. " Aaron is going back to Denver to-morrow," she said, still smiling. " And —I shall stay behind again." "Hilary, my girl," said ths old man earnestly " I've always said it, yca'x made of pretty decent stuff, and"—he took off his spectacles and wiped them carefully—" and I think "vou'll do. Hilary—you'll do." Grace Denio Litchfield, in the Century. 