TJJRF QOSSIP. . f BrAtfouk If the clerk ofjthe weather was propitious on the first dayof the, S.A.J.G meeting he proved'urikwid on- Thursday, which was chosen for the Adelaide Cup. Bam com menced on Wednesday evening, and inter mittent showeni {ell antil about 11 o'clock the next morning, when a meeting ol the stewards wai called,' and as there waa just then a heavy downjMJUr, with every prospect of a continuance, it was determined, after consulting Mr. Ellery, to postpone until Saturday. After noon the weather cleared, and, as there had beten little rain at Fleming ton, a number of trainers, unaware of the postponement took their horses to the coarse. One train, with about 200people, left Spencer street fot the scene of action, but returned I immediately wheh it waB discovered rtift*. there was to be 110 racing. Weather permit ting, then, the Adelaide Cup will be ran this afternoon, and should there be a plea Bant day, Flemington will be well worth a visit, for the sport promises to be first-class, and for the enjoyment of the ladies who patronise the grand-stand enclosure Signor Zelman's talented band of instrumentalists will discourse sweet music on the lawn. The first item in the programme is the Maiden Plate, for which the field will be smalL Conjecture will -be reserved for the Cup, but James Wilson, jutL, has a useful second string in HAHPSIKAB, who may prove victorious, Gohanna, perhaps, being his most dangerous opponent. For the Nursery Han dicap I should look no further than Juanna Were she a certain starter, for she is a cut -aboveher opponents. In her absence I Bhall look to HONEYCOMB, ARSENAL, and REMITS to fill the places. The Adelaide Cup will attract a field of 15 or 1C, the doubtful starters being Off Colour, Silver King, David, Vergy, ana Kingship. Probably two or three others will fall out, but enough will be left to insure a most interesting contest. Welcome Jack will hardly be seen at his best, perhaps, and it iB doubtful if Sardius is quite cherry ripe, but he haB performed exceedingly well on the training pound during the past fort night, and the extension of time should serve him better than anything engaged. Madcap has been trained at Williamstown, and though she does not appear to be much fancied, so brilliant an animal must not be despised. Mr. Davis will entrust the honour of his atableto Camerine, who is reported to have satisfactorily answered the question put to her at Canlfield, the gallop being pro nounced the beBt the Oipps Land mare has ever givenher owner. She will be ridden by Hales, who ns' very fond of the mare, and fancies her chance.j Should the ground be slow and holding I shall not be surprised to Bee ttie brilliant pace of Prometheus-pull him through, and if he should cany Hie black and gold to the front, I'm sure there will be a special cheer for ; Mr. John Whittingham, upon whom Dame Fortune has frowned for a considerable time. A good mare is Grace Darling, who is handicapped lib. above Plausible. If the latter were quite himself, he might have a chance, but he has been Buf fering from rheumatics, and I don't think he has pleased Mi. Dakin lately; yet he is a good horse when himself, and as the com plaint is transitory, he may throw it off when warmed up. Hazard has plenty of pace, but I doubt If he is quite brilliant enough to win an Adelaide Cup. Anchorite is altogether a dis appointing animal, and Anglesey, though a good animal, is not always in a racing humour. Lantern's penalty for winning the Goodwood Handicap increased his weight to.7sb Sib., a mere feather to so well-grown ian animal, but though he fairly romped nome last Saturday, the extra five furlongs may | find him out Since Saturday he has had, what was termed a trial with Sardius, and the latter won easily, the consequence of this performance being a run upon Sardius. Later on, however, the Goodwooa Handicap winner was backed freely by his party, and Sardius, who had been supported at 6 to 1, receded to 10 to L It appears that Lantern carries tre mendously heavy shoes, and as he waa handi capped with them upon his feet, his friends pud no attention to the gallop with Sardius. He meets Lord Wilton upon 101b. worse terms, and this and the extra distance may enable Mr. Ellis's horse to turn the tabled. It is argued by many that Lord Wilton can not stay, yet I don't forget that he ran Becond to a good mare in Blink Bonny when she won the Caulfield Cup.and as there was not much j difference in the freight, the perfonnance was a meritorious dnh. During the past fort night Conjecture has performed more than one brilliant gallop, and judging by the man ner in which the party behind her have sup ported her, they must regard her as a greater j moral than she was considered last year, when she catried 6st 31b. and ran second to Malua.' No animal at Flemington can j get round the Outer track faster than Bhe i Can, and if she will only corroborate the form j displayed there shfe should recompense her j trainer for the taoney he haa expended in | leasing her, Rubv is considered to be held safe by het Btable companion Lantern, but Hobart is lopked upon as a good outsider, while Gohanna is an improving colt, and will probably be sent for the Maiden Plate, llingwood's friends believe he would have had no Chance "Of success while Britisher remained' well, and, therefore, he was with drawn,>nd Cpriofynus was struck out for a similar reason,'but I fancy that in such a field one of these could have won. In their absence I Bhall look to LORD WILTON to win. The Selling Hurdle Race should be won by TATTLER or Dt»r ALONZO, and for the Flying Handicap. I fancy nothing better than MEANDER, HONORA, and Miss MKBLIK. The meeting will be brought to a conclusion on Tuesday, when CLARENCE or BLACKTHORN should win the Steeplechase ; MINEBVA. or CHATSWOBTH the Hurdle Race, and MAN FRED or EAST LYNKE the Charity Plate, why the meeting should b&ve; been postponed beyond Monday I cannot understand. The country people have good cause for grum T^e rain that fell on Thursday and Friday flooded the Elsternwick-park track, and as it was considered dangerous, the stewards de cided to postpone the meeting until Wednes day. Directlylthis determination had been ar rived at,the sun shone out, and delightful wea ther prevailed until nearly the close of the day. It is a matter for regret that a few showers of rain should convert the Elsternwick-park course into a quagmire. I have, time after time pointed out that if it were coated with couch grass it would be available in any weather, but the trotting men who compose the committee have been averse to a grass track^and now when it rains the. track is, litferfdly, a' sea of ' mud On & ? fine day, .if is the , least semblance of a b&efcefrom; the southward/ visitors are half-chokfe(l witU duHt . To.obyiate this dis agreeable 'sensation, Mr. Haydon is planting couch. grass, and it is. to be hoped that he will "be ejlowed to extend it all over the track, otherwise Elaternwick- park meetings will always have to bepoBtopned when (here is a downpour of xiun.V .'The meeting will open with a Maiden Selling Trot, which will be followed by the Adelaide Handicap. This will attract 9 large,field, and victor/ may fall to Hannibal, Eagle, or Honora. In the Farewell Stakes nothing, looks better titan Walhalla and Delamia, and if Deceiver is a starter for the Selling Steeplechase he should win, biifc in his .absence Tandstickor or Songster tnay prove victorious. There will be a good field for the Coronet Cop, in which Meteor, Ironmaster, Coriolanus, and Vidette seem to me to be: the best, and! fancy Iron master or Mieteor will win; and for the Club Handicap Hannibal, Eagle, and Waxina look as well as anything. . Oar South Australian friends oould find no fault. with the weather which, ushered in the meeting commenced at Flemington on Satur day last It was unfortunate that the princi pal raceof the day should have been depri ved of all excitement by a mistake in the nandi-1 coping, for had it not been for this the .day s sport would have been of a most inte resting character. The Hurdle Race, St. Jjeser, and Victoria H&ndicapproduced; Bplen dia contests. SirPatriek proved that he was i a cut above the ordinary ran of hurdleracera by the manner, in which he gave Old Sool 2st 71b. <and defeated him. Ferguson had the mount on the winner, and continued his ran ot success. I fancy Mi*. A.R. Robertson will now discover that he made a mistake in disposing of The Broker. The colt is just returning to his two-year-old form, and he will prove aa great a bargain as St. Lawrence has to Mr. Halinbourg, Silver King is a long way from as good a colt as his sire; yet bo lanky a three year old must be served by time, and with age he will probably show considerable improve ment. How Lantern ran away with the Goodwood Handicap has been told in another column. He flashed over the Flemington sward with wonderful rapidity, and his opponents hadn't the ghost of a chance with him. Aa the time was not extraordinary, many people expressed astonishment at something not going to him, but they lost sight ot the fact that when the race was run a strong northerly wind was blowing, and for half the distance this was dead in the teeth of the competitors. This is a satisfactory explanation of the time, and even with this disadvantage Lantern conld have accom plished the distance under lm. 43s. had he been pressed. It was really a one- horse race, and those connected with the winner made no mistake respecting his ability to gallop. It was lucky for the ring men that the horse had nota favourable passage round from Adelaide. It was feared that he was a trifle off, other wise he would have been backed for far more money. Lord Wilton and The Ghost ran up to their best form, but Topaz, who had been backed for such heaps of money, got off badly, and' was never dangerous. It is unfortunate that so many hot favourites lose ground at the start. Ironmaster ran .moderately well, and was close behind the Elaced -horses, but Uncas didn't raise the opes ot his friends j in fact, there was nothing in it but the winner, and it is to be regretted that Mr. Barnard did not look up his Onk&paringa; performance. Had he done so probably he would have given him a stone extra, find even that would not have stopped him. Notwithstanding that Juanna had a penalty of 51b., she defeated Remus and The Teacher with ridiculous ease, and people asked how was she beaten upon a certain occasion when she made an inglorious exhibition at Flemington ? Why the stewards of the V.R.C. did not demand an explanation at the time was a problem that nobody could solve. Pyrette did the bookmakers a good turn in the Victoria Handicap, for despite her previous displays of brilliant speed, she was backed for small sums only, but she ran the distance under 50 seconds, and in Meander defeated a very fast horse over that particular course. The weights for the chief events of the Sydney Torf Club appear this week, and as several Victorian horses are engaged, Mr. Scarr's handiwork will doubtless prove in teresting to owners on this side of the border. Merlin has been awarded the post of honour in both races, and there can be no two opinions respecting the whilom hurdle racer's title to the position, which he has won by sheer merit Of the Victorian lot in the Royal Stakes, RufuB Beems to be thought most of by the handicapper, but I doubt if his owner will care to send him over to carry Set 81b. St Lawrence is fairly well treated at 8st. 71b., and so is The Broker at 8st 51b. Anchorite has never done anything to entitle him to be placed above many that are below him. A high estimate, however, has been formed of his powers, and he may yet prove that the handicappers have made no mistake. Dun lop, with 8st, is not well in, and, of the whole bunch, nothing seems better in than Mascotte, Espiegle, and Polest&r.; If Archie were the Archie of old, he should be hard to beat in the Birthday Cup, in which he is handicapped at 7st 111b. Impulse and Brown and Rose, at 7st. 61b. ; Marie Louise, 6st 51b.; and Venetia, at 6sl Bib,, read best upon paper, and I fully expect to see one of the above-mentioned land the valuable prize. The Williamstown Racing Club will hold a winter steeplechase meeting on Saturday, the 25th July, when £250 will be given in staked and the events will comprise hurdle race, steeplechase, and two flat races. The Jane programme of the Victoria Ama teur Turf Club appears this week, and it is a very creditable production. First on the list is the Hurdle Race, to which 100 so vs. will be added, and as the distance is a mile and three- quarters a good field is certain to be at tracted.' The Victoria Gold Cap of 100 sovs. follows. This is a steeplechase in which the competitors will be ridden by members or honorary members -of the club, and the winner will receive a gold cup, value 100 sovs. The Ladies' Trophy will form a very attrac tive feature, because all horses have to be nominated by members of the fair sex, and the lady who is fortunate enough to nominate the winner will receive a trophy value 100 sovs., while'the second and third will receive trophies value 50 and 25 SOVB. respectively. As it is open to horses of two years old and upwards, and the distance being Bhort, there is certain to be a numerous entry. A Steeplechase of 125 sovs., andthe Richmond Handicap cgpiplete an excellent bill of fare. Entries close on the 15th J one. Visitors to Cairn-Curran on. Tuesday last spent a very pleasant time among the thoroughbreds 'disposed of by Micros. W. C. Yuille and Co. on behalf of Mr. Matthew Bryant There wasn't a large party from Melbourne, but it included sotnk of our breeders and visitors from India ahd Queens land, and several very, cheap bargains were ob tained. ]£r. J&mes; WiUon. one of the beat judges in Australia, was evidently aware lihat theXaim-Ctrtran mares Vere Kbove theotoli. naty tan, and be wisely purcEaSed largely, nearly every mare lie secured being bought at a third of -her vftlae, The h^eat-prfced marc #as Star bf: l%e, a foil .slater to Mo narqtik who bad a Boeworth filly at foot, the paii! realising 250 guineas.The St Albans studmaster also eecared Maid Of Avenel, a good performer in her time, ana one of the cheapest lots fte Hypatia, who hW ft very fine, Bosfrorth colt at her side,, and mother and son realised but ,bO guineas. Mt J. 0. Inglis secured a great Bargain in Cantatrice, and Mr. Fimue, of Queensland, bought judici ously. Ghum Roeebetyj one of the best-bred mares In tbe 'Sfail Booh, had a vet? fine r.^hrilr filly fcther side, afyd they were bought ridiculously cheap at to guineas, while fir. J. C. Campbell secured Bome splendidly-bred mares at very low prices, one'of the beat in the cattdogue being Mosqnitd, whom be pur chased for a Sew South Walea Btudmaater. The three atotlioiW.were all looking well, and Boaworth appeared to be the favourite with the proprietor of Cairh-Currau, for he jrnt a reserve of 1,000 guineas uponhim, and he re turned to his box. LothaJr. gro\ro into & grand horse, was sold cheap enough to Mr. Cripps at 560 guineas, butifto my mind, the greatest bargain of the whole aale was iRoyal Consort, woo was purchased by the same buyer at 125 guineas.' 1 thought him the beat looking, of the three stallions, though he hadn't such sound-looking forelegs. Still he is much closer to the ground* shows just as much quality, and possesses equal power. TTia relative Irish King got them with plenty of Bpeed, and I think this son of Gam; For ward will make anameforhimself attbe stud by producing_horses that can not only go fast but stay. While the sale was going on, the imported mare Patri£ died from an attack of inflammation. She.was by Gladiateui from Chevrette, and was the dam of Prince George. For the. Birthday Handicap, to be run at the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting, 49 entries have been received, and all that is required to render this race a success is a good handi cap. Mr. W. Blackler arrived from Adelaide with his yearlings on Monday. He tells me that he intends to take legal proceedings against the S.A.J.C. for not ronning the St Leger and Produce Stakes at Morphetville. Im sorry to hear it, because this will only widen the breach between the sporting men of South Australia. Why don't the rival factions bury the hatchet, work together, and endeavour to revive the drooping fortunes of the turf in South Australia? These continual bickerings can have no good effect The Wyndham Racing Club meeting baa been fixed for Saturday, the 13th June. M'lvor, the cross-country jockey, has thoroughly recovered from his accident, and was riding a useful-looking horse named Pro gress on Tuesday morning. Chandos, Borhonghurk, and Lando have joined Mr. Bence's string, and in future they will be trained in the vicinity of Croxton park. A very fine-looking colt, named V. C., by Grandmaster from Victorine, purchased in New South Wales by Mr. Samuel Martin, arrived during the week, and has joined J. Morrison's string at Flemington. All who have horses engaged in the Hay Jockey Club Handicap and Hurdle P»ace are reminded that acceptances are due with the hon. secretary, Mr. H. Norman, to-day (Saturday), May 9. Previous to the Victoria Handicap on Saturday last, Mr. A. F. Bradshaw sold Meerschaum to Mr. G. Davis. She was sup ported for a large sum of money, and made first favourite, but was never dangerous in the race. Among the Sydney visitors to the S.A.J.C. meeting were Mr. Edward Lee and " Cas pian" of the Sydney Town and Country Journal. " The Wizard" and " Tout Cela" have also crossed the border to assist at the South Australian gathering. At a meeting of the Victorian Club held last week all bets except those scratched by mutual consent were declared binding, and therefore the backers who did not back Gran ville lose their money. L. L. James was posted as a defaulter, his victims declaring that there was not the remotest probability of a settlement being made It is said he is now en route to England, wbere he intends to remain. This is hard lines for those who have paid b*T some thousands daring the past four or five years. While strolling round Flemington a few days ago I bad a look in at Mr. J. D. Robert son's noraes, which have lately been broken in by K. Griffiths. The four Napoleon geldings purchased from Mr. William Field have been gradually worked into shape, and, though they are stall a trifle rough, they look hearty and welL The Lapidist yearlings and the colt by Goldsbrough from Tocal's sister have been put through their preliminary fnompg, and when Mr. Robertson gets them all down to Kingston he will have a strong string to work upon for next seasons cam ^General entries for the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting close at the V.B.C. office at 4 p.m. on Monday next. The events that have to be attended to are the two Selling Races, Hurdle ' Race, Steeplechase, and Welter Handicap Flat Race. , Liberator's owner has taken time by the forelock &nd; announced that his handsome son of Irish King will Btand at Box-hill next season. Last year his foals were all colts, and as Fergus the First was also by Irish King, and begat Astrsea, one of the most brilliant two-year-old fillies of the season, I see no reason why so well-bred a relative should not claim something equally speedy. Victorian owners of horses must not forget that the entries for the Sydney Tattersall s Grand National meeting close at 4 p.m. on Thursday next, the 14th May, by which time all nominations must be in. the hands of the secretary, Mr. James Perry, or the secretary of the V.R.C. There are five events, vit Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., Flyitig Handicap of 150 sova. Selling Race of 150 sovs., Grand National Steeplechase of 900 sovs., and Con tingent Stakes of 200 sovs. Entries for the Moonee Valley meeting close at Mr. Cox's office. Kirk's Bazaar, at 4 p.m. on Monday next, May 11. On Thursday next Messrs. B. Gibson and Co. will commence the sale of the whole of the horse stock on the Colac estate of Messrs. Robertson. Indian traders might pick up some bargains, as a number of them are well bred and suited for gun-horses. Fred Archer, the celebrated English jockey, commenced his winning career this season at Lincoln, where he won the Prince's-park Stakes on Hound Shot At thesame meeting Northampton, by Ves pasian, won the Tor*!"! Natwaw Open Hunters Steeplechase of 200 sova. Bendtgo, who won the principal .event) the Lincoln shire Handicapof 1,000 sovs,, was bred in Ire land. He is.hy Ben Battle from Haaty Giri by Lord G6agh<&pn; of Gladiateur). Bendigo is inbred to rataplan, whose naMe .appears authorities are BO careless over the timing of horseraces. , The presentation to Mr. H. Gilesand others who had rendered timely .assignee at the Bcene of the railway accident nwr Cootamundra, took place onTuesday after noon at the Victorian Club. TheT was a large attendance, and the secretary, Mr. T. Haydon, was in the chair. In making the first pre sentation, a purse of 350 sovereigns and a silver tea service and salver, to Mr. a. Giles, he referred to the noble actions performed by him on a memo»We occasion, never to be forgotten, when, though severely injured himaelt, he, a881®^ byX. Wellesley WeHman, of Waggp, sated more than one from drowning. Thechairman also referred to the assistance ^dhospit^tt shown to the injured passengers by Mr- an Mrs. Lumley, of Cootamundra. Before pre Benting the testimonial, to unea, added that the recipient, with tne modesty and disinterestednew thftt^rac terised bis dispoeition, oreed SSS.S, b^KruS»TrT4«»j; SKSfted to tbe members ol He nnj,bot SSte "«ule of sportiBB riKjetbe, jjj iirXnrrVif fit to come forward ana assist. The salver bears tbc fonowing in scription: - " Presented, with , a purse of sovereigns, to Mr. H. Giles. aa a slight recognition of his gallant conduct m rescuing the wounded from the wrecked tram at Cootamundra, on Sunday, the 25tk of Jauuarv, 18S5." Mr. Giles having modestly replied,' the other testimonials were pre sented as follows A diamond ring to> M . "Wellman. Wagga ; a claret jug and a^lver to Mr. J. Levy; and a gold and diamond locket each to Messrs. Pattison and A. "Watson (Cootamundra). In ttmsideration of Mr. Watson having lost all his personal pro perty on the occasion of the accident, a sub scription was at once started on his behalf, and liberally responded to. Mr. A. Halinbourg has promised a £50 cup j to be run for at the next meeting of Bowes s Tattersall's; and I hear that another member of the ring, Mr. J. White, will give a cap value £100 to be run for at the Newcastle (N.S.W.) meeting. On Monday next Messrs. Yuille and Go. will hold a sale of racehorses at theiJ yards, Remington. The lot to be submitted in cludes St Lawrence, Chuckster, Capri, Colstoun, Echo, Violet, and other useful animals. The yearling brother of Silver King and the Lapidist colts purchased by the Messrs. Robertson at Mr John tields sale will also be submitted. S. Floyd applied to the Victorian Trotting Club to reconsider his case in the pulling or Our Boy at Elsternwick-park, but the appli cation was refused. The disqualifications of G M'Kay, the horse Juvassie, and the jockey Alexander Leith by the Mansfield stewards have also been endorsed by the leading cluD. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. submittal Mr. Glasscock s horses to auction on \\\ea nesdav, but sold only Blackthorn and Dollar, the former to Mr. Montague Smith for 260 guineas, and the latter to Mr. R. Chirnside for 90 guineas. A cross-country horse named Cavalier was sold to Mr. G. Watson for 145 guineas, and Blackthorn was re-sold to Mr. W. E. Power. , _ Mr. John Wbittingham's mares, &o.;, were offered on Wednesday, and most of them were sold at low prices. Many of the mares were looking rough and bad, but the stallions were in grand form, yet nobody wemed to care to bid for Argus Scandal, Mid the other sires were withdrawn. Mr. William Field s mares were Bent into the ring m first-rate condition, and as they were very symmetri cally formed, and bore the St Albans mint mark, consequently they realised good prices. Mr. Bladder's yearlings, by Conrad and Richmond, were a very fine lot, but, being all .fillies, they did not command nigh prices. I liked best tne filly by Conrad from Zelpha, which was purchased by Mr. John Crozier for 90 guineas, the filly from Annie Firman and the filly from Miaa Heslop. The last named was bought in, and Mr. Blackler will do well to race herhim selL The best of Mr. C. B. Fisher's was the filly by Robinson CraBoe trom Radiance. Sbepparton sporting folk will miss the local medico, Dr. Fitzgerald, who diea last week. He was a sportsman in the true sense, and loved sport for its own sweet sake. As president of the local racing club, he was best known amongst racing men, and theShep parton Racing Club will find some difficulty in fining his place. He was universally esteemed by all classes. . , , Owners wishing to nominate foals for the Shepparton Sixes' Produce Stakes of 1887 will nave to forward them to the secretary, Mr. H. H. Turnley, by Friday, May 22. Foala by the following sires are eligible: Hermit, Bannan, Glowlight, A. T., Attler, Linkboy, Spark, Calamia, O'Reilly, Rifleman, William Tell, and Sea Kirk. Referring to Shepparton reminds me that the next meeting will be held on the 25th, and there is every probability of a good day's sport No horses have created a more favourable impression than those bred at Lindenow by Mr Aiorftndej Smith. The annual sale this1 year will be held by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, j and Co., at Kirk's Bazaar, on Tuesday, June i 2, when over 40 will be submitted. They are by Don Giovanni, Silence, and Smuggler, and Indian traders and others in search of useful horses should not fail to attend when Mr. Campbell enters the box to dispose of them A full list of the horses to be sold will be found in the advertising columns. A most extraordinary freak of handicapping was performed in apportioning the weights for the Nursery and Hying Handicaps, run at the S. A. J.C. meeting. Both races are over the same distance, and in the former Arsenal had 8st 41b. and Delamia 6at 81b.; in the latter Arsenal was handicapped at 6bL 111b, and Delamia 6st Sib., so that in one race the colt was called upon to concede 261b., and in the other only 81b. I suppose the solution to j this is that Arsenal carries weight much better than Delamia. I'm glad to Bay that the proposal to reduce the distances for several of the. weight-for age races in the V.K.C. programme will not be carried. The full committee met on Tues day to take the revised programme into con sideration, and, after a deal of argument^ the proposition to reduce tbe distances was with drawn, and 1 believe it is quite probable that One, at least, of them will be increased. This is as it should be with the leading institution of Victoria. Joe Carter arrived from Tasmania on Wednesday, and brought with him a couple ot beagles, a gift from the Hon. Thomas Eeibey to Mr. George Watson. The first great English three-year-old race of the season, the Two Thousand Guineas,has beendecided, and the Duke of Westminster will be greatly chagrined at having parted with tbe colt that won it He purchased previous to the Middle-park Plate for 8 000 Iruineaa, and for this race he started an eoual favourlte witb Cora at 9 to 4. He dis appointed his new owner, for he was neither first nor seoond, but ran a dead heat with Boyal Hampton for third place. TheDuke Wttrtaamster was #o annoyed that he directly denude him to, Mr. Cloete forlornelibbr like pnoehe paid Captain Berlin* if# him. He troa nominated in the latter's name, but ran in the Duke of Westminster's for the Middle park Plate. Mr. Cloete started him for the Dewhurst Plate at the Newmarket Houghton meeting, and he was ridden by Fred Archer, who landed him an easy winner. The colt then became a great favourite with the public, and when the last mail left England he was backed at 3 to 1 for the Two Thousand Guineas, and 7 to 1 for the Derby. Paradox is by Sterling from Casuistry, by The Miner from Lady Caroline, by Orlando from Lady Blanche, by Stockwell from Clementina, by Venison from Cobweb, by Phantom, the last named being the dam of the famous Bay Middleton, whose name appears in the pedigree of many a great racenorse. Sterling, the sire of the colt, is by Oxford from Whisper, by Flatcatcher from Silence, by Melbourne from Secret, by Hornsea. The Miner, who once defeated Blair Athol, is by Rataplan from Manganese, by Birdcatcher from Moonbeam, by Tomboy. Paradox is, therefore, very fashionably bred, and if he adds the Derby to the Two Thousand, he will prove a very cheap purchase to Mr. Cloete. The colt by Kieber from Chopette was second. His dam is by North Lincoln from Mahala, by Rata plan from Ferina, by Venison. The Child of the Mist, who was third, is by Blur Athol from Ma Belle, by Lord Clifden from Dulci bella, by Voltigeur; his dam is closely related to the dam of Sir Modred. Mr. K Jellett informs me that he had'to de stroy the young steeplechaser Orion, who showed good form at Cranbourne. A few mornings ago he was badly kicked by Guess work's brother Perchance, but though the blow was a severe one, noseriouB effects were anticipated. Subsequently, however, Mr. Jellett found him unable to rise, and on examination, it was discovered that his leg was broken, and as there was no chance of saving him, he put an end to his suffer ings. Free Trade, the property of Mr. T. Robert son, of Balmoral, has joined P. Kelly's string at Brighton. In consequence of the postponement of the Elsternwick-park races until Wednesday next, the weights for the Melbourne Hunt Club Birthday Handicap will not be declared until they have been decided. Mr. J. Stephenson was fortunate at the Tokomairiro (N. Z.) meeting, for with Captain Webster, by St. Albans, lie won the Presi dent's Handicap and Flying Handicap; and with Ouida,by Tubal Cain, he carried off the Publicans' Handicap. On the first day of the meeting Captain Webster ran in the Toko mairiro Handicap, and never came anigh, but on the second day he ran the same distance in Gsec. faster time, and won easily. This extraordinary alteration in form created some warm criticism. J. Powell, who is on a visit from Tasmania, will not go back empty-handed, for he has purchased a very useful-looking yearling filly by Richmond from Edith, ana the steeple chaser Beresford, and will return with them to the island on Monday. The Hawkesbury Claret Stakes, for two year-olds, close on the 20th May, and as the club adds 300 so vs., Mr. Guest should have a good list to publish when entry day arrives. SCRATCH 1X66.-S.A.J.C. Maidea Plate-Darrell, tuciky Bit. Nursery Handicap- Violet, Bonnie Belle, Meerschaum. Adelaide Cup-David, Yergy, Lord Exeter. Selling Hurdles-Peacock. Flying Handi cap-Carbuncle, Umberto, Honora, Ironmaster. Second Hurdles-Sir Patrick. Steeplechase-White thorn. All Engagement*-Anagram. 