Sporting Gossip. [Bï THE VAGBANT.] On the Wallsend racecourse, last week, was seen a peculiar contest. The horses of Messrs T. Lanigan and A. Ingram ran a match for £20, which the former won. The horses were ridden by ladies, who are said to have handled their steeds with great skill. A boy named James Heffernan has been going for a record at the Stanborough race meeting There were six events on the programme, and Heffernan rode the six winners. At one Rugby Hunt meeting in England Mr. C J. Cunningham rode six winners and one second across country during the afternoon. Mr Cunningham, it may be noted, rod-) Mr Andrew Chirnside's aptly-named Australian horse Skyscraper to victory in the old country. Ike Foulebem Bbould be a bit troubled as to the pick of his stable for the Newmarket Handicap He has Malua, Sirocco, Salvo, King of the Gipsies, and Paganini at work for that race, and each and every one of them is supposed to have an excellent show. The farrier who used to shoe Merlin at Wollon- gong previous to his Anniversary Handicap victory, became enamoured of the chances of the son of Wild Eagle, end made up his mind to back bim. He, however, awaited the drawing of a consultation m which he had a ticket. Merlin fell to him, and now the village blacksmith is £900 richer than he was previous to his favourite's victory. Chris Dunn and George Powell, two famous Sydney lightweights, have been matched for £50 a side to box under the Marquis of Queensberry rules on the 16ch March. Pilot, by Robinson Crusoe from Cracker, was sent over to run m the Geelong Foal Stakes, and in which he was one of the good things. He, however, was not allowed to start. It appears that Mr. De Mestre had half-a-dozen youngsters nominated, and did not declare with any of tbem. Pilot's sale and transfer to Mr. Pidcock had not been notified to the Geelong Club, and he was included in Mr De Mestre'e scratched lot. Rather a hard caBe, is it not P At the sale of the New Zealand yearlings Mr W Kelso purchased a brown colt by Musket from Realization for 80 guineas, which was considered a great bargain. Mr. Kelso decided to add him to tho list, and whilst undergoing the operation he met with injuries which killed him. I learn from a friend in Wallsend that the local Jockey Club continues on its march of improvement and intends to metamorphose the old course con- siderably. A fine programme will be put forward shortly for tho usual Easter gathering, when the big events will be the Jockey Club Handicap of .£150 and the Town Plate of £100. Those who love to bear the rattle of rails will have music provided for them in a hurdle race each day for £50, and the owners of "leppers" will be glad to hear that the hurdle course is to be much improved by the fences being straightened end extended, the faulty spots patched, and a bad tarn got rid of. The committee would do well to widen, if pos- sible, the turndown the bill past the stand, where there is baraly room for a bia field. Doubtless, how- ever, everything needful will be done for the con- venience of spectators and competitors, Such hue been the Club's sim in the past. During the past racing season, Mr. E, P. Wilson, one of the beBt English amateur horsemen, won 44 races out of 83 that be rode in. At the sale of the New Zsaland youngsters a colt by Anteros from Sylvia (dam of Goldsbrough, Robin Hood, and Martini-Heory) was passed in at 600 guineas. The Stud Company has decided not to resliip bim again, but has left him in Mr. Fennelly's hands to train, and I expect to hear of the Hon. James White purchasing him. The coil's sire, Anteros, is a beauti- fully bred imported horse by Loiterorfrom Antrasta, by Orlando from Torment, by Alarm, sire of the immortal Panic. Mr. Henry Phillips, of Bryan O'Lynn stud farm is getting more than his share of ill-luck lately. A mare end foal died from lock-jaw. Whilst another mare was eating a bran mash she broke her foal's leg by a kick, and some time afterwards the mare reared up, fell, end broke her own leg. Of course dam Bnd produce were destroyed. Probably the worst treated horse in the Newmarket Handicap was Rocket, who was weighted at 8st. l.b. He may be known to Mailänders as a chestnut horse belonging to Mr.H. L. M'Dougall, and he won a race at the Paterson meeting;. He is at present in work at Duckenfield Park, having been nominated by the Hon. John Eales. Tho son of Kingsborough and Avalanche was scratched soon after the weights appeared. It was a terrible bangle to give such a poor performer the complimentary burden named. A New Zealand paper states that Welcome Jack has been backed to win the next Melbourne Cup for £3000 at 100's to 2. Tom Hales is progressing favourably towards reeDvery. During the past week a lot of nonsense has been said and written in reference to the great boat race to-day between Hanlon and Clifford. Stories of wonderful trials are as plentiful as blackberries, and just about as mnoh to be depended upon. Where the wind end tide has such influence on a river ai it has on the Parra- matta the time test isa hallucination, a delusion, and a snare. No two dejs in the month are exactly similar in all particulars on the champion course and the day a man rows against a chronograph may be entirely dissimilar in circumstances to the date on which his opponent ia tested To day a man might row the conrsein 19 minutes, to-morrow be may spend 21 minutes in traversing it, and then bow 13 he to get any criterion P Hanlon, according to one authority, has rowed the course in 16 minutes, whilst another declares Clifford did better. The practices of the men during the past week has been eagerly touted, and critical critica of the form witnessed have been plent fu1. Clifford 13 said not to diffuse enough life into his stroke, pulls along stiffly without ever «putting, rows with a straight back, is slow in sliding forward, and depends too much upon the stre gth of tua arms Well if the Illawarra man has all these detects he stands a very remote chance of beating Hanlon, who is in rare form Are not some of the critics, however, a bit bigoted ' Some people see perfection in men with a reputation, they are blind to the good qualities of those who aie but earning a name for themselves Men are a good deal like sheep-they will follow a leader. Clifford, however, 1 know for a fact, is a much better man than most people imagine, and can get a lot of pace out of his boat At practice, when he rows 30 strokes a minute, he gets along as fast as Beach at 36 It should be remembered that he is a mere novice in outrigger rowing, so if he wins to-day the perform once will be perhaps the best on record, when Hanlan's skill and experience is brought to mind, If the Canadian cannot thoroughly stay the entire distance he will be beaten, as there is no such word in Clifford's vocabulary as "licked." The Canadian will use a boat built by Donnelly and Sullivan for Edwards, and he is not at all in love with it, as it is too large His weight is löst lOlbs. Clifford will probably ait a craft made by Ruddick, and will scale 12at. 121ba. A good big man will beat a good little man. A telegraph wire from the finish will supply the Press with full particulars. A few nights ago a commission to win £10,000 was put into the market m Melbourne for Leporello for the Newmarket Handicap Only half of ir, however, was got on at 33 to 1, Leporello is a three-year-old colt, the property of Mr. S. Nathan, his weight is6st. 41bs, and be ia by Don Grovanni from Affectation. Sir Garnet is now first favourite for the flatter, having been backed to win a pot of money. He is by Countryman from Tmfinder, consequently fnll brother to The Assyrian, and if he can gallop as well as be that " came down like the wolf on the fold" 7st lllbs won't stop him The Newcastle Jockey Club is to be complimented on the grand list of entries obtained by it for its tryst on February 12 and 14 I may mention that Soldier Boy was omitted from the list in the J. C. Handicap. My Moree friends should have rare good sport on the Z5th and 2ith of this month, when their race meeting will take place. The weights for the two principal events on the programme were published during the weBk, and each handioap contains no less than twenty six entries. Chieftain heads the list in Tattersall'« Handicap, but if Ferryman is the horse I fancy be has the majority stiffened. May Be seems a good sort of a mare, and B. Y. can gallop a bit, but I am afraid our venerable friend Kingsworth has lost his pace. If he were even the ghost of his former self he should nearly win. Blue Tom has won races ont in the back blocks, and Cynric is a familiar name in the same spotB. I am told Hawthornden is looking g >y again, and can gallop yet. If so he should be among the placed ones Among the lighter weights Don Juan stands out prominently, and Zut has plenty of pace if well. Perhaps Ferryman, Hawthornden, Blue Tom, and Kingsworth will provide the winner in both nandi« caps. The Wellington Gold Cup was run for on Wednes- day, and resulted in Administrator, Sou'wester, and Lady Evelyn filling the pieces The mile and three quarters was cut oat in 3min. 10 j sees. Sou'wester is a son of Goldsbrougb, and was bred at Tocal. All double event wagers on the approaching aquatic events, Clifford and Clifford, have been declared off on the ground that a fresh match had been arranged. At Armidale during the week Tom Brown proved himselt a veritable Triton among minnows by win- ning tbe double at the gathering of the New England Jocttes Club, despite the complimentary burdens of 8at 121b'. and Oat 31 bs. 0" the first day sons of the defunct but not forgotten Kelpie occupied the fore- most positions, as Lochinvar, who ran second, is by Kelpi« from Rosebud, and Tom Brown, as everyone knows now, is also a grandson of the stout old Weatherbtt. Second Queen, who ran second in the Suburban Handicap, is a email though very hand- some sister of SecunduB, so she also is a Kelpie. On the second day Ravensworth got horne second to Tom 'ír wn whilst Lochinvar got the empty honors. Rwensworth was bred by Mr D F Mackoy, ond is by G IT nd master from, 1 think, a mare running back to the famous Mountain Maid He may be remembered as winning the two hurdle races at the laBt Wallsend Jockey Club meet- ing, and is n very useful sort of a nag. Laycock IB supposed to bave been rother surprised at his defeat by Messenger on Anniversary Day, bat still tbt> Rimple Elias expressed his willingness to take £300 to £200 and row the victor over the cham- pion course There is a rnmour abroad that Laycock before long will be matched against Cifford or Beach. It may be tra«, but only in the event of Hanlon beating both the scullers named. Gould's score of 233 not out at Singleton on Satur* day last is the bent on record for the Northern dis- trict The " century" has been compiled on several occasions. For Kelly's Sheffield Handicap "Bristol" and Leamy are favourites in Sydney. The latter should about win. The Northern Jockey Club has at last been put out of its misery, and has awakened to the fact that it has bidden a last adieu to the pleasures of racing on the West Mnitland Park. Efforts are being made now to obtain that historic spot, the old Rutherford course, for future gatherings, and it is to be toped the club will be more successful in its negotiations with Messrs Brunker and Wolfe than with the Weet Maitland Borough Council. If the land is secured, townspeople who nan afford it should help the Club in its endeavour to make the ne« course ne comfortable and convenient OB the old. Funds will be necessary to do this, and sportsmen should become members und thus contribute. Like Gilbert and Sullivan's ideal policemen the lot of racing men in South Australia is not a happy one, for the fanatical and bigoted laws compiled by the goody-goody legislators of the farinaceous colony has virtually crushed out the life of »11 its roeing clubs, and put a stop to the sport of Kings. The men who voted for the repeal of the Totalisator Act rue those who would grow eloquent over the free* dom and delights ot local option, yet tbey do their best to prevent a man betting a pound if be desires to. The South Australian Jockey Club has been drireo to oek permission from the V. R. C, to race at Flemington, and we thus have a paradox-South Australian races in Victoria. Probably the last meeting which will be ever held on the West Maitland Park will be got off shortly. On Thursday evening the Northumberland Amateur Race Club decided to hold a meeting in the earl; part of March, and a programme was drafted, Messrs. H. J. Adams, O. K. Young, and George Cohen were oppointed a deputation to wait on the Council for tbo purpose of procuring the use of the Park if possible. The Club, I understand, bas a few pounds in hand, so the prizes will probably be fair. The programme may appear in Tuesday's Mercury. 