Tho rain hud cuiiid SO suddenly that tho Oountoss lClsn Arcun could not possibly, ovon by putting spurs to hor horso, reaoh tlio Caatlo .Lunout boforo BIio wan wot through and through, so she and her old grciom, John Drim, drew l'oin ui^dor tho porte-cocJit'ro of a dilipatod building, that Boomod uninhabited as well, TJio oountoss sprang from her horso, saying; "Iioro is shelter, at least, John, Is not thisono of our farm-housos? Put up thehorsos, and wo will wait in one of tho ' rooms for tho storm to pass," " " Your ladyship forgots " " What ? Are all tlio rooms shut up ?" inquired tlio oountoss, now half-way up tlio stops. , . "Not shut up; but your ladyship knows that » dragoon regiment was stationed horo a wook ago, and your ladyship has given them one of your farm-housos for quarters," . " Oh, was it tills- ono 1" laughed the oountoss, and as alio knocked at tho door with lior riding-whip, it oponocl, nnd mi ofHaor stopped out. Ho was tall, Blonder,. yot strongly built man, tho personification of tlio Groolc Mars, in nguro, strongtli, and oarrlago, but withal so deadly polo tliat tho beholder could not decide wliother hia beauty was groator. than his singular pallor, " Oil!" ho oxolaimod, as ho saw tlio lady, " pardon mo," "I camo to bog for admission, Tlio . old hquao bolongs to ino, but you aro tho owner at present; will you givo mo and iny old John slioltor from tlio storm ?" " You will bring my poor room good fortuno, lnadonioisollo, and sho found liorsolf in a room hung with. opaulettoa and uniforms; tho tablo -was a oliaos of boolcs, lettors, oigar-oaaoa, glovos, cravats, ink-stands, and sniall change. Ho swopt the tnblo dear, and sho Boated herself and looked through tlio window at tho howling summer storm, "You must keop us for a oouplo of hours, lioutoimnfc," sho remarked, "Will you'? I am tho Oountoss Elsa Aroon,. of Oastlo Laneut," Ho bowed politely, but with slight in difforonco, almost nvoohanioally. In every thing that lio did tliero was somothing measured, almost soulless, an if lio wont through the ouatomary forms of life by routine. " I am Lieutenant Raymond Sternfeld, You spoko of my koopmg you j but, as you lot mo know, tho house is yours." " Not the room, though," Sho turned .as "slio spoko, and for tho first tinio thoy looked each other inthefaoo, For the first timo sho marked Ids youth, his ex ceeding beauty, his unndtural pallor, and shivered as if with suddon cold. And as \- liis oyes restod on hor ho soomed to fear ' liorT lovoly as slio was. Hobotrayod a sudden disoomposuro, and caught at his \- i heart. as ono does whon ovorcomo by I. sudden terror or suddon grief. But the little Bcono lasted scarcoly a second, and thoy continued such a conversation as , generally follows a iirst meeting. Sho .glanced out of tho window again, and watched tlio effects of tho storm with an artist's interest, ," Does not tho beauty in all this wild ne§s impress you deeply ?" sho asked, . " No," ho. said ; ana again sho noticed tlio torriblo quiQt of indmoronoo in Mm, A3 if lio woro atrango to tho world and tlio world to liim ; as if ho could fool noithor joy nor sorrow ; as if ho wore ahandsomo, powerful automaton! hi whoso faco Ms maker hod forgotten to put a touoli of living color, " No ; I soo nature's boauty and wilduofjs, but I can not say thoy im press 1110." .. T .' You aro fortunate," said tlio lady, slowly. "How eomfortablo it must bo for you," " Do you think so V' horopliod, staring at the raging storm i tlion, with apparent effort, lio tuvnocV to his fair guest, "I am disgracefully negligent j lob mo draw tlio sofa to tlio window." " Noj thank you ; I am a little cold." "Your habit is damp. What can I dp?'* . " Givo mo a cigai'otto." " I am syvry tlmt I havo only Virginia, jdsi, my Cossack, shall got you 801119 tobacco and rico-papor," \ ? " Wouid you havo him drown on, tho . way ?" oriod tho countess, ' " But you can not snioko Virginia," ? u I hopo not, Do you tako mo for n corporal V sho cried, with lior own pretty vivacity, '' I only wondor at you finwking fluoli poison," w "Youjmpq&comwfe-soup;/'. MI havo tried all .kinds, My father was an invotorate smokox1, and my hus band, Goneral Aroon, was ill for five yoars before his death, and I was his only nurao, I loarnod to know my oigarotto well during those long nights of watching and waiting, in the close, bad atmosphere of a sick room." Sho apoko simply, and Stornfold threw her a glnnoo that Boomed to ask pardon for an injustioo dono hor in his tliouglits, " But you havo toa and a samovar, I see," sho addod j " will you givo mo a cup of toa ? You BOO I invito myself," " I will malco It for you, countoss," " What! an oflloor mako toa, with a lady in tho room I", laughed tho protty woman,-'taking tho old Chinoso tea-catldy and tho samovar into hor own hands. "Bessordyi belongs to your regiment, I boliovo, Ho uaecl to bo in tho UhlanB, and is a son of Fiold-Marshal BoKordyi, is ho not?" "You know ovorything, countoss," " Oh, you wondor that I am well vorsod in army mattors, You must romombor that I am a soldier's daughter and a soldier's widow, Otherwise I should not havo flown so straight to a soldier for shelter from tho storm," sho finished with a Binilo, Thoro was prldo and dignity in hor Binilo, ohildliko as hor eyes wore, Thoy. drank tlioir toa, tho olouds broke away, and tho countoss roso to go, "Thank you," sho said, as sho gave him her hand, "and do not lot moroniain your dobtor long. You are invited to como as a frioiul to Oastlo Lancut, I and myaunt, tho Countess Odosoali, will be delighted to soo you. Will you como?" Ho bent his handsomo head, " Your permission is an honor, Our major, Count LottwitB, will shortly wait upon you with his oflicors," '' Qoofi-byo, then, I shall roach Lanout in sunshine," As sho rodo away two ofhoors mot hor and bowod. One was tho captain Count Linski, a toll, slondor man, with a projec ting ohin; tho othor Avas Count Dobski, ugly, and small, with frooklos, rod hair, and littlo,-falso, grey oyos. "Look, that is tho countoss from the unatlo," said Linski, "Sho was talking with Stornfold, How did Stornfold, who is an iooborg, got mixod up" The ugly little red-head smilod malici ously, "Stornfold and a lovo-affairJ" lio said, scornfully, " Not so impossible," returood Captain Linski, "Will you go with mo and speak to him?" " To Stornfold ? No I" said tho little count, sharply, and tho Captain wont alono, " You havo had a visitor I soo," ho said, as ho ontored tho room, "Lord knows, such a pioco of fomnity makes a bacholor's den moro liomo-liko, oven if she is" gone, Tho toa is hot still, Yos 5 thanks. It was tho Countess Aroon, Havo you known hor long ? Or,is sho a x'olative ?" "I saw hor to-day for tho first time," , answored Stomfola, in his indifforent mannor, "Tho rain drovo licr in.'' "You lucky dog I Thon you will not bo aony whon tho major takes us all to call upon hor to morrow. Sho must be a eoidiar oroature, Soandal has never reathod hor namo, Sho nursed an old husband 011 his doath.bed, vegetates hero with a half idiotic old aunt, plays tho piano magnifioontly, and will not hear of a suitor, What is sho liko" ?" "I roa^ did not notioo hor," said Stornfold, m his lifoloss way, The major and five of his officers made thoir. visit to Oastlo Lanout, Tho Countoss Elaa and hor .aunt Odosoali received thorn oliarmingly, Tho Countess Odos oali was sarcoly moro than a erdiin who always sinilod and ato, but sho was a soil; of a ohaporon for the young widow, and, with tho oxcoption of tho necessary rotinuo of servants thoy woro tho solo oooupanta of tho oastlo, "As a widow," said tho CountosB Elsa in farowoll, I havo 110 rocoption day, but I liopo wlionovor you are riding by you will como in for half an hour when you havo tho tinio to sparo-and as many of you togotlior as posaiblo," Thoro wna a charming air of oommand about- her Inst words, As a Boldior's daughtor and a hostoas, sho wished to be on good torms, with all tho officers but to. noiio intimatoly, Wlion thoy wore gone sho Baid to hor aunt; " Woll, doar Mona, how do you liko them ?" But sho did not ask tho quostion for tlio sako of any answor, for Madamo Odosoali's livoliost means of expression was an otomal, gontlo Binilo, Sho was treated by her ohoorful young nioce liko a poor orphan child, and tho Countess Elsa talked with her only to oxnross her own.opinions and givo lior monologues an ! acooptablo form, "You don't caro much for tho major, you would say," pursuod Elsa, "Ho tries to bo moro martilU than Mars. You like tluvt long Count Linski tho boat; ho is nut handsome, and ho seems to havo a wiokod tongue, but ho has somo sonse, you think,, IJezonlyi i's a nioo boy j yos, you nra right. But I cannot endure that hideous Count Dobski, nor you oither, unit' Ho has nover dono ua any harm, but we understand now tho provoi'b j 1 Hod hair caro,' All in all, wo aro raging, :iro wo not, aunt ? Isn't it shameful that lie did not como? ]t is unpardonable 1 Of courao, thomajoi'aaid to tlioni: Gontlo uon, .wo must pay our rospoets to tlio countoss on whoso ostato wo aro stationed, and slid will invito us to dinnor on sun rhyn,' So thoy all caino oxcopt him, I oaro nothing about it, but it" would-have boon polite to roturu tho visit I was forcod to mako him," Tho Countoss supposed that Aunt Odes-* mli, at usual, hoard littlo and understood 'on3, So iiho started whon tho Odosoali, ?>poulnj hor hoavy mouth a littlo widor, ml, thickly: "Who_ " The man who gave mo sholtcr in tlie rain; How'do I know what is namo is 1" " IIo isji count ?" - . "No." :" la ho handsome ?" "No." " What is ho, thon ?" ««* "lludo ! said tlio countoss with flushed ohooks, thon slm laughed, and added: What silly things wo wo to got bo angry, Mona," ^ Aunt Mona smiled, as usual, ~ The countoss* did hor duty j She invited tho Officers who had visited hor to. dino at Lancut, The dinners passed off as siioh dinuors do, Thoy told military anocdotos. talkod politics, paid a few com plimoiits to tlio lady of. tlio liouso, ate, tlrajik and folt completely at oase, In one of tlio anecdotes Lieutonant Stonifold's namo 9aino up, " You know him, Countoss ?" inter rupted Captain Linski, involuntary, "Ho is ft nionibor of your rogimont who gavo nie shcltor in tlio Inst rain- storm," said tho countess tranquilly, "Why WM ho'nut with you wlwn you cullod V . " Oh " oried Dobski, shrilly, « Storofeld is a littlo-torn*. Ho is a misanthrope of the doopest line, You must not measure him by the rules of sooioty, Have you not seon him ? Ho is as white as the wall. I bolievo ho oats luoifor matches," linBki gave the littlo man a contemptu ous glanco, and, in his deepest voice, said to tho countoss; "In fact Sternfold is shy. He used to bo more sooiable, but for tho last six months ha lias apparently boon ailing, Yob ho is ono of tho bravest officers in the .inny - a man of honor through and through, and a hero." n .' m \ . ^l0. hntl tliat rcncontre with i rineo Toko, in Vionna, about a danseiue of t.io worse reputation," oriod Dobski, . "The advantage was nil on Sternfold's 9ido, count," said Linsld, raising his voice, "andyou aro tho last pet-son to rotor to tho affair, for tho sake of your tnendPrinco Toko,". " Qontlemen," said the countoss in a mooking voico and a haughty face, " you are disputing about tho light and wrong of a man in whom I havo not the slightest interest. Pray finish your formor stoiy," And when her guests had left her, Countoss Elsa, who had talked, laughed and playod her bost, leaned hor1 lovely head on Aunt Mora's shoulder as if deathly woary, and said, faintly: It has boon a stupid day, Mona, For a aaiMiiac, they Bfiid, and he lookB like Byron 111 his sorrow, I was vory silly, Mono, Iloavon bo praised, I am cured. Aunt Mona mnilod and stroked tho oheok of her nioco, who in that instant buried a something as yet formless and aameloss in her stiflest soul, So tho Bummor passed away, The oountos3 passed hor clays, as formorly,. at tho piano, or witli lior ombroiclory, in monologues with Aunt Mona, or rocoiving visits from tho ofilcors or from the ladies of. tho neighborhood, She was naturally too proud over again to mention Liou. tenant Stornfold's namo, and she had probably quito forgotten him, as .it nover appeared in her monologuo with lior aunt, But one chaneo throw her with' him, It was on the high road, A lovoly summer day was changing into a diBagrooablo afternoon of angry wind and dust, Tho Countess Elsa was sitting in a littlo pavilion at tho park galOB, whore Bho had brought hor work, nnd now sho rose "and leaned over the balustrade to watoh a little oaravan that was being s swept along the road, It consisted of d beardod Italian canying a littlo child on his back ., beside him ran a little boy with three pots, and a tiny girl wrapped in a coarse oloth, like a scarocrow, and tho roar was brought up by a young man with a bass viol, a violin, and a bundle of clothos, They trotted by, poor children of tho Bouth, driven forward W tho raw wind of tho north, and the Countoss Elsa's oyes fullowod tiioin with tho shadow,of tears, ,Ono more came aftor j but-no, ho did not belong to thoin, this tall man in the faultloss military oloak, and cap pulled far down over his brows, His oyes and hers mot so directly that lie could not but pauso-and bow. "Did you 800 tho poor poonlo ?" she asked, osbIio loaned ovor tho railing., The pale officer nearod tho gates and rostod ono foot on tho low'or step of her Pfcy'Hon, but sho did not invito him in. "Poor people?" he inquired, as if I astonished, " I saw nono," , " Oh, you aro iin in tJio olouds I" cried the countess, " Tlioy wore just in front of you, and at first I took you for ono of them," He did not smile, Such a thing soomod impossible for his quiot features, _ ' Oh) you moan tho Italian mus'oi'ins, Wliy do you call thorn poor ? TJioy aro two, tlioy havo children with thorn, I ctul them rich, What cloos your tbndor hoarfc find to pity in tliom ?" Thoro was slight irony in his toiio, not that of a dosiro to wolmd, but that whioh spi'jnp from a bitterly roused hoart, .Do you 110b soo ,that tlioy havo no mother, and nohomo?" orieel tho oountess," " Homo ? Why, they have the lovoliost m tho world-Italy," Italy}" sho oxolaimed, 'angrily, Evory man lias the land of lun birth, I suppose, But - these poor people must wander, wander, wander among strangers, nusundorstood, earning thoir bread from clay to day, nevor Booing the noxt stop before thom, going back to thoir Italy with gray hair and woary hearts, and knowing that Bho may gruclgo thom ovon theii grayos," " And thoro are people who nevor may Iiopo to seo their nativo land again, coun tess," answorod tho nalo ofiicor, sharply, " Thoro are many quite rospoctablo pooplc who wander among strangers, stammorinft another tonguo, or grown quite dumb, but they find no pity, becauso they do nob parade their lonelinoss, Do you think' m Iroomay not bo lonely, helploss-. may not die of negleot in tho midst of a farost of oaks t Sho bent her head and rose, . " You should know that bettor than I," j ®i? . but, tho storm is increasing and I am growing cold. Good night," She bowod and vanished from the pavilion. Ho pursued his homeward way against tho wind, but once ho stood still and looked baok, " sji° nmst liato me," ho said to him. aolf; and why J" Thon as ho walked ho murmured, "Is it worth wliilof" And wJion lie reached homo ho said'to his Cos sack; Joai, lay out my parado things to morrow. I shall make a visit," Tho Countoss Arcon waB 011 tho point of making a tour of her field, when she heard the bell announcing a visitor. It soemed to ring Uko a call for holp in tlio oars of tno niiatrosg» " Poor Aunt Ocleseali and poor visitor," she murmuvod, ancVtumod baok from the Jiedgo-gato to tlio front stops, Thoro sho found Lioutcmant Stonifold, Slio bowed, but stood still instead of ontoring' tho houso, Tlio beauty of tJio day might be her oxouao, though hor inception was not cordial. He stopcl boforo hor as before genortd, ai^ said, ceremoniously; Madame la comtosso, I have come to pay you my-rospeets. How beautiful your park is !" ** It was a boginning, and thoy walked togothor along the gravelled path and around tlio fountain In front of tho house - Ho answored moro than ho talked, but she folfc conversational with luin in spite of herself, Sho' showed him tho two pavihoiiB that her husband's parents had built, and spoko of hor own ohildish fanoios. V " Yog." ho replied, ««youth Is irrepres sible, It is past and gone, and wo givo it , but it always soeius to bo standing i° "i i us' to koop a soft hand on our Bliouldor, and its Bwoot mouth says, ' Thank God for mo,'" ' ' I you >l°W 1" oriod Elsa j you would look on thoso popr musicians of yostoixlay with difl'oront oyes to- day, You are ono of those peoplo on whom the agi'vut inijucuwi liku plants," "Do you think BO. countess?" ho an swerod, with a sad glimmer "of a smile. Bub it ms a smile, "I think you are mistaken. Every heart longs for joy and gladnosa; thare is none that finds pleasure in molanoholy. only because the woathor olmngos, Tho sunshine or . storm that piakos our souls light or dark is within us, and not easily altorod by force of will." "If peoplo havo hoavy burdons to bear," said tho countess, "they must not isolate thomselves ; thoy mustoeok cheer ful peoplo and try to lead a oheorful life, elso thoy will find oxistenco poor and wretched." "Doyou moar mo?" ho asked, softly, "Yos' she returned, honrtily, Pardon mo, but I think you are « little unsym pathotio and Hnsociablo. Of course it consoms no ono, least of all a woman j but I am not a woman -I am a neigh bour," Ho answored hor smile, and. thore wfts something liko gratitude in hfs glance and the light that came into his face liko a winter sun on a snow-fiold, " Ilavo you nover hoard, countess," he naked, slowly, "of a woman who in a fimo of epidonjio avoided hor own child, and shut tho door on hor wooping trea sure ?-who diod filono, without a hand to vipo the doath-damp from her brow, that sho might savo her child of infeotion ? Or say that a man knows ho is poisoned through and through-that tho touch of his hand, tho breath of his lips will bring his own'enrae on ofchors-will ho not-Bay to those who love him, 'Back'? Or-, rather, will he not avoid ovory opportu nity to lovo, whon ho knows that his lovo will bring destruction to its objoot ? Or, tako a wretched vagrant en whom rests tho curso of somo enmo, and who oxpocts ovory day to fool tho hand of ignominy on his, shoulder; lot somo loving being - a friond, a wife, a brother-open tho door oE a l^omo to him on his .wcaiy maroh, ivarm as the hearth miw glow, soft as the lamp may burn, lovingly as tho lips may smile, will he onter to bring his ourse aoross that throshold ? No !"> "Porhaps not"-said Elsie Aroon ., "but whateourngo, to be wretched, dying, and to push away the hand that would Bucoorl But where havo you learnod that dreary way of looking at lifo ? v Is nob this earth beautiful? Look at the roBoa, See how f'he sun'sands pearly lights across the spray in the.fountain, Is it not glorious ? IB it not bliss to be alive ?" " Who could Bay no to you?" he an swored with shining oyes and a faint tremulousness of the Tip, " You fill ovory one that heara you with your joyinlifo. It is a Mossed gift, and one that scattors blessings, Ood protoet you from all sad ness I" * Sho blushed, but without embarrass ment, and their eyes mot. When tho glance of two puro and noblo BOUIB meet and hold each other, a moment of restful pause from tho storm of life comes to j both, oven if what the world. call lovo never ha§ existed betwoon thom and nevor is to exist. " Sho only thought how glad' she. was that at last he Boomod happy, Sudtlonly something soemed to soparato him from her, as if a horrible reoollootion Bwopt over his soul, Ho tumed deadly pale, his mouth grow distorted, but only for a second) then he regained his self oontrol, tho torriblo quiet that alio had just succeeded in breaking. Spirits may look-so whon they hovor over the cradle of an orphan ohild and hear tho cook crow, ? "I quite forgot," ho said, presently, that I am undor orders to-day, and must go back, Pardon 1110 for having trespassed on your timo BO long, niadamo. Had Bhe dvoamod that this apathetic > statno that spoke so mochanically and movod so wearily had beon but a moniont beforo a thinking, fooling human being? No, As she looked after him, Eha saicl to liersolf that I10 was no misanthrope, I10 was not unfeeling, ho was only mortally tired. Ho had a heart, t A fow days afterward there was a fair in one of the great market towns, and Elsa Arcon, with hor Aunt Odescali and eight or ton friends from tho neighboring estates, drove ovor in a party to look on, Lata in tho afternoon they sot out,for homo, but tho evening was BO lovoly that it Beemed a pity to separate, and what pleasantor than to accept the invitation of tho pretty Countess Arcon, and havo supper and spend the night at Castle Lancut? ' " Aftor supper, as the moonlight wasbril liant, thoy all weiic out 011 tho torraeo, whero tho night air was hoavy with tho porfuirio of flowors, " It 1B just tho hour to liston to some til ng thrilling," said ono of tho ladies, " Who knows a ghost story ?" " Or » murder story ?" said another, "You alwaysJiava a story ready, Dobski," oried onoi of the men to tho freokled little count, the only officer present, " Yea, I know a story, but not the sort you want. "It JB truo, though 51 have it on the bost of authority." "Oh, toll it! When did it happen? Do wo know the horoino ?" " That I can not say, but it happened ? about a weok ago in Paris. The ladyV namo was Felicc Franois, Hor fathor was a gonoral in tho cavalry, and sho was out oflioarding-Bchool. Tho old gonoral, though ho waa muoh boloved by tho army, was really rathor a common aort of ad von turqr, Ae was .extravogant to the livst dogrooj guzzled ohampagno at breakfast,' and his wife was a milliner's doll,' and' nothing moro, So I10 wont on making dobts, though ho know lie nevor could pay, and ovory ono lent booauso ho gavo his word of honor, But a day cani® whon ho must oithor break his word or go to tho Jews, Well, he had a friend, an old man, who said to him ; 11 will pay your dobta on, condition that you soli mo your daughter-I bog pardon-rl moan that alio will nmrrynio,r So tho father spoko to his (laughter, and sho olung to tho old man with both hands, and to secure Bilk drosses and diamonds for lifo sho sold herself liko a bale of goods," . "Is that all tho Btory ?";said a Polish count, "There is nothing uuusual in that," . " YOB," grinned Count Dobski, " it is a vory simplo story,, but suppose the horoino wero one of our friends I ' " Oh, it is too disgraceful!" oricd tho ladies. At last tho moon sot, and thoy sopnrated for the night. As Dobski kissed his hostoss's hand, sho said: "Thank you, oount; for entortaining my guosts BO kindly when I was tired." "Oh,, countess, you ilattor 1110," he answored, modestly, But if ho lmd seen hor heart ho would havo troinbled, ro-_ morsoloss as ho was, V Early tho next morning tho. guosts assomblod for broakfast and departure. The lady of tho luniso sont hor OXCUBOS. Sho had caught cold 011 tho terrace, and waa unable to appear. After tho guests wore gone, Aunt Mona knocked at the1 door until alio opened it, Hero oyes ww rod, with sleeplessness or orylng, as she said: "A little hoadacho, ftuntio. I nm better, thank you," Tlion she wont, back to hor olmir, and But down with her hood in hor hands, supposing hor smiling Runt would go away. But suddenly sho felt Aunt Mona's Sand on hor shoulder, and hoard ho say: ".Elsa, I will toll you whatis thomatter. Will you liston ?" Elsa stared at hor! The storootyped smilo had gono from Ivor fuco, and hor oyos woro dim with tonra; and sho spoke dis tinctly, though slow and hoavily: " You wonder to hoar, me talk, and to know that I oan think, A voil seemed to fall from my mind not long ago, and my head Jbegan to livo again, Hut it was hard for mo to talk, so I kept still, and 1 hoard poople say audi evil things, that I did not care to opon my mouth to thorn, But you novor laughod at mo, Elsa, and I must apeak to you; for you aro unhappy. That foul-mouthed man woundod you to tho hoart yesterday, and you aro alono. I can only comfort you, notholp you ;you must' find a friend to do that, You havo ono in your heart, and lie is bravo, but you would novor call him, so I havo sent for him, and ho w ill bo horo to-day- Who is he, do you ask ? Could I moan any ono but tho lniin who this moment is riding to your door?" And Bho pointod to the window, and tho man that Elsa Arconsaw was Lieutenant Stornfold, . Sho wont down to rocoivo him, and motioned him to sitbosido hor. Ho said, in his weary yot courtoous way, that sho hadsont for him, and that ho had come to know in what way ho could bo of floryjeo to hor. She tried to answer with eoldness and prido, but sho Iookod at him and trusted him, "Pardon my Bonding for you," Bho an swered i "I need a friend." " Who has moro frionds than tho Ooun te'BS Arcon ?" "Frionds who would liko to bo suitors, Do you think one of tho mon who come to my house, if I called on thorn in this way, would not febl justified in taking advan tage of it?' Fw that reason I sent f*r you," ' "Forme?" "Yes j beeause you aro indifferent to me as a woman, beeauso you are indif ferent to tho whole world, and because I feel that you aro an honorable man," She was almost as pnlo ns.ho, as sho con tinued ; " So, in this moment of my life when I need help, will you bo my friend ?" Sho seomod rather to confer than ask a favour, " Your friond," ho murmured, " It is a simple thing.that I ask you to uo ; only to road this letter from my dead' fathor on tho day of my marriago to Gonoral Aroon," " Ouunteaa, I cannot road your lottor, I cannofcaccopt the honor of your friondtihip, nor ask you to roly on my bofriunding you," She roso, with rogo and shamo, "Booauso 1 aiu not a Uaiacuw/" she cried, " You know about that ?" His oyes woro unnaturally largo, and his lips grow as whito as his cheeks. Sho was frightened at what sho had said, but hor prido eamo baelc. "I havo hoard it," "That tUnmuao, mocjamo lacomtesso,I havo novor spoken to, hover even soon," ho said, with a return of hie customary indifforonoo to hor, to tho world, to hiiu solf, '1 Princo Teko waB hor avowed lovor. Ono evening at mo8s; whon ho lmd boon drinking, ho gave an infamous description of his inamorata, with whom ho had quarollcd, I did not know tho woman, but tho thing onraged mo, I told tho princo my opinion of him. That wna till," Sho drow a long breath, "Can you pardon mo I I was hurt at you rofusrng t# dofond mo, And so tho thing blow ovor ?" His lips formed tho word " Yes," ' " And you forgivo ino ?" "For what?" " I was afraid I had wounded yo'u," she said, almost shyly, Iio . mado no answer, only took thi> lottor, and said: " I am to read this ?" " If you ploase," It ran as follows : "MY he ARIA* iiBtovEn Ewa: Will you indeed, take this etop ? Think that ho it an old nmn", and you aro still almost n child, Tvuo, ho once did mo u groat? Borvico, and sparod ino a do op sorrow, but was he not my old friond and companion in anus I Now that ho is eicic and alono ho noods caro, you say, and you will nay my, moral debt and fetter your young life to a Biok old man, Don't do it Elsa, 1 implore you, Arcon is no longor rich, and wo aro wealthy onoo more, Wo will make him ono of ourselves, and toach him to forgot his prido, but not through your solf-saeri-; fico, Thero is still timo to say no, Elsa," Say it!" , "I waspi overstrung, cocentrio girl," ,Baid Elsa, as ho finished, "but I havo novor rogrotted my stop, I gayo my fathor's benofactor a happy old ago, Tho world judges only by appearances, and ycBtorday a wicked man said wiokod things of mo to my<faco, without naming natnos. But how often will ho namo that at moss and in gossiping visitB? So all I ask is that a friend who is not a lovor Bliall say with authority, ' It is not truo,' Will you ..say, that'?"' v, ". What do yWrcquiro of mo, countess?" ? ho oMola'nned, " If you only know I" - "What do I roquiro I" she cried, in a sti/led voice, " Is itsonuieh ? Am I not worth oven a, word ?" ; "Yes," ho groaned, ,"You«\ust not sponk so. You aro toaring my hoart out. Pardon mo for leaving you, coimtoBB-I am ill. ^ You shall leant whether I can bo .your friond or uudurtnko this mission, but not now." ' Ilia words rang in lier cars, but ho was gono. * * # * * # LlfiUTENAXT SfKUNFKLl) 1-0 TUB COUNTESS AilUON. ? ."'MADAME ja Comtksse : I do not know what I am to say to you in this lottor, ' I only know that I must toll you all that strugglos in mo.. You will toko thoso wurds for what thoy aro, tho cry of a honrt llmt would givo tho last drop of its blood to gparo you a sad moment, to .win a smilo from you, to linger for an hour by your side. I am young, my heart la lull to overilowhig, and I shall nover sec you again, From tho moment that you road uioso linos I shall havo vanished from tho world for. you, Do not bo angry t Jiat I dared not accept tho honor of being J^ur brother. My unhappy fato forbids .tyto to Jivo with llfo, to count upon to morrow. But ono thing it does not for bid- llio courngo and the powor to toll you that I love you with tho first, holiest, ;aud oh, indeed, tho last Iovo of my hoart. I lovo you with evoiy fibre of my being, 'with evory thought of my soul, withovory pulso of my body that in ft few moments is to niouldor in tho grave, whore it hoe long boon duo, I lovo you unutterably, God bless you. Farewell forovor, S." . * # , # * * # A starless niglifc hung over tho Lunout estates, oppressive, (lump tliu'knoss, through whicli r woman knookod at the lonolyfarm-house whoro LioutenantStom fold lived, Tho door was oponod by tho man hlmsolf, with a light in his hand. Sho entorcd; her old Borvant, John Drim, stood on tho stops outside, Tho Countess Elsa Arcoii pushed back tho lu>od of hor watorproof arid said, as sho stood within fcho tliroBhold: " Lieutenant Stornfold, you avo a. wickod man," Ho plaecd his light on tho window-sill with trembling fingers, only saying:1«You here, countess ?" and then stood with folded hands bef&ro; hor, as if sho wore a ? saint, Butslielookodat .Jiim with braath leas auger, " You torrrifiod nie to death by your letter, Hoaven bo praised, you are here." " You were alarmed about 11101" "Yes sho answered, honestly, though the glanco sho gavo'him was indescribable in its reproach and prido; " now it is ovor, I was alarmed about a human being in deep distress, I was stupid enough for that. No one ever cared for my gnef," Ho caught hor hand and hold her from going. " Elsa, do not loavo mo!" Ho cried, I told you that ,1 was wrotohod, and you" " I ouly wished to tell yon to bo bnvo," she struck in. " You havo a wifo you do not love, or you aro in lore with some ono you cannot marry, and you whimper like a child, Is that manly ?" "Lovo anyono but you? I can boar it no longer in this last hour whon I must rotuni to tho'gravo in which I havo boon lying for a year. Elsn, I darod not take or return love, because-I am a dead man!" She took a suddon stop backwards and starod at him as if ho was mad, " Yes," he continued, with his oyes fixod despairingly on her faco j "XIavo you never felt it ? Liston. I am only a ghoBt; to,morrow's sun must not noo me 011 earth, Do you think I am mad 1 Liston, My paronts woro poor; I was always lonoly and ambitious, and I would not dissipate my youth as other men do in my profession, 1 told you of my quarrel with Princo Toko. A duel natu rally followed, but,our colonel interfered and it was stopped, at least apparontly; not really, howovor. As wo could not fight oponly, we ar'rangod a Bocrot duel. \Vo drew lots in the proscnco of, two witnossos, Dobski and Linski, Tho one on whom tho lot'foll wob to die bjhiuown hand boforo the end of a year. It; fell 011 1110, and to-morrow is my last 'day. Why should I not havo died boforo ?t 1 could lake cavo of my mother bomucli tlu longer; and I lived so littiv always work ing for my fortuno. So I havo livod my year, but how! Day by day, hour bi hour, doatli cropfc towards mo, I darod bind mysolf to no one, I must stamp out all longing for lifo and l«vo. Tlion you camo into my lifo, and I lovod you, . ] saw libavon, and dared not slrotuh out my hand toward it j I saw tho highest blossinf of lifeheklout to ino,and Iiadto dash it from my thirsting lips, I nuiBt dio-and you stand boforo 1110 tho imago of tho boauty, glory, and bloflsednoss of lifo, hopelessly lost to mo," His oyes closed, and ho fell full length boforo hor, catching a fold of hor drcs.) in his fall, Sho sank bomdo him, took him in hor arms, ,and bogged him, as if bonido horsolf to ray it was not iruo; BIio cried that sho luvod him, nml how. was it pos sible for him to dio wlion thoy could bi1 happy? "It is woll I took tho poison boforo you oanio," he said, at last; "how I should not have tho courage."; His eyes did not closo again, but rostod on hor faco with <m oxprension of unfipeaU ablo lovo. Sho saw tho ond was near, and noithor spoko nor moved, Hor lips receivod his last breath, Tho whole corps was at first horrified | at the "legitimate" suioido of abvavoeom : rado, who an hour boforo hia death had writton to tho colonel sotting forth tho reason, but they all declared ho could not lmvo dono othorwiso, Tho Oountoss EW Avcon witlulrow with hor poor aunt to some cpuot Italian, baths. The groat world thought tho oountoss was acting uobly . iri tending hor poor imbocilo relative, Thoy did not know it was the relative, who was nursing a dying woman, For whon the Spring oame Elsa went out of lifo as a flame goes out, A mciladio do languor, said the physioians. S,ho'wo8 buried in tho sweet Italian i convont which sho had endowed with her fortuno, and in which Aunt Mopa lingored out hor last days, without a word and without ft smile; -Translated from the German of E, M, Vacano bij Jldcn Luke, 