Sunday School Lesson. Outlines and Notas on the LeaBons from the school Tcachcr, in advance. Sunday' JUNE 14.—'THE PRIESTHOOD OF CHRIST.—HEB ix. 1-12. Golden Text—"Heever liveth to make intercession for them."—Heb. vii. 25. HOME READINGS. Fon THE WEEK ENDING JUNE 14. M. June 8...Heb. ix. 1-12...The symbol of the true Sacrifice. 9...Heb. vii. 19-28...Unchangeable. T. W. 10...Heb. ix. 17-28...Superiority of Christ's PrieBthood. TH. F. 11...Heb. x. 4-14...Christ's perfect Sacrifice. 12...John x. 11-18...The willing and voluntary Sacrifice. S. Sun. 13...Heb. x. 15-24...The New and Living Way. 14...Pa. ex....Psalm on Christ's Priesthood. INTRODUCTION.—Last lesson showed how God speaks to man—drawing near him with a saving " message." PreBent lesson tells how mnn sjieaks to God—by means of an ever-living intercessor. This owing to the Lord Jesus. He is at once God's Word and man's Priest. In Hebrew Paul explains this : contrasting the Priesthood of Christ with that Jewish priesthood so familiar to his first readers. TYPE anctuary. and ervice. TYPIFIED, S ^ J acrifice. The Sanctuary. The first "a worldly sanctuary' (ver. 1) of limited existence, &c.; According with the passing life and office of the priests who sacrificed there. Unlike the second and " more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands " of Him who is consecrated for evermore (chap. vii. 28), who liveth forever. The first sanctuary fashioned after God's idea, and set for the centre of religious life in the midst of a Godless world. In this a type of Christ's Church : which church is superior to the first, having an ever-living " Head "—who bears it continually before God (Golden Text). First tabernacle of two separate parts, veiled from each other, and containing in their furniture emblematic provision for man's higher needs : candlestick=light tables —law; altar of incense=worship ; the mercy-seat =prayer. Here a figure of the visible and invisible worlds, veiled by the flesh. Through the rent veil of His flesh Jesus made an open way into the Holy of Holies, which is the presence of God— there He ever liveth ; and by faith in Him, our nature may become a sanctury of tha Holy Ghost, out of which, as from tfce vestibule of a temple, we shall finally pass into the Holy of Holies. The Service. The typical, in general performed by priests or Levite^, consisted of daily sacrifices and prayers ; the gifts of worshippers, as ''first fruits " at harvest, " tithes " of possession, " offerings on specified occasions; observances about meats and washings, clean and unclean animals, &c.; But the service of our High Priest infinitely superior to this. His life itself when on earth was a service : the taking of it in the first place ; the righteousness of it in the second. In these acts lie fulfilled the require- "TmeiUs of ;he ceremonial law, as by His atonement He did those of the moral. And it was a service once done and done for ever, unlike the constantly repeated ritual of Jewish priests. It was a service of spirit, hence of life : theiis one of letter, hence containing change and ultimate death. Again, the life of Christ now in heaven is a service. He " ever liveth " to make intercession for us. His presence is an intercession : God sees Jlim and remembers us. His will is an intercession : ''Father, I will that they also whom Thou hast given Me," &c.;, ; and His will is God's will. His words an intercession : " I •will pray the Father,'' &c.; His work an intercession— the intercession. It is Christ's intercession, no service of our own, which vrocures us acceptance ivith God. The Sacrifice. Here the great point of the lesson. For in the sacrifice everything centred. Tabernacle built, priesthood with all its service ordained—for this. Every detail of the Jewish Day of Atonement a type of the great Sacrifice of Christ. But what a difference in the typified and the type ! The Jewish priest sinful (ver. 7 ; chap. vii. 26-28) ; needed to make sacrifice for himself—Christ holy, separate from sinners. And as sin means death, the Jewish priests, even in most holy ordinances, carried dealh within themselves, but Christ "ever liveth " : His very death was a conquest over its power. The Jewish priest sacrificed every day, the High Priest every year: Christ's one act final. " There remaineth now no more sacrifice for sin." " His one offering takes away For ever all our guilt." It swallowed up all Jewish priesthood and sacrifice, even as the fall day merges into itself the faint dawn. We live in day-light times. Let us make the most of our light. Christ offered his own blood—Jewish priest did not, could not do this. How precious, then, Christ's life and li£e-given blood 1 Beware of " trampling it under foot": "counting it an unholy thing." The precious- Bess of the offering increases our responsibility. APPLICATION.—He " ever liveth "—and this is either your hope or condemnation. Which ?—L. MACE. 