Bovelist DAN LYONS' DOOM. ?- CHAPTER IX.—(Continued.) By WAIF WANDER, " Sinco about two o'clook, ns far as I can Icarn, and Binco then poor little Daniel has bcon to all their old haunts in search of her, But, my dear madam, she must bo found. I have told you that scores of man are in search of her." She was gazing at him as if her life hung | on his words Sho was weighing every ono of them as though to catch soma hope eho could not feel, and then blio burst into a torrent of pleading and reproof, and prayere that sadly approached a blasphemy that would have enooked herself in calmer momants. " You fire playing with mc, only, Mr. Pol lard ; how nould you, such an old friend, a man who was valued and respected by my dead husband, how could you como to tell mc in earnest that my child, my all is lost ? How could aho bo lost ? Quardian is with her. Do you know what lost nieana in Australia? It moans lying doad in the bush, with the eagle hawks picking out her oyes. How daro you hint auch a thing to mo ? As if a God oould dnre to bo bo cruel as to treat my darling so 1 " Even as sbo stopped, suddenly sho dropped to tho ground, as ono stricken dead, but as thoy hastened to raise her it was soon evi dent, from tho strong convnleions of her limbs, that tho poor woman was in a serious iit. "Knn for Dr. Synie, Daniol," oried Mr. Lollard, "let us carry her in to her own bed, Ellen, now that tho violence of tho fit is exhausted." CHAPTER X. TADT'b 6KCKET. We roturn again to tho Nuggot olaiin, where, tie tho evening BhadesTdeepened, our friend ?Tady was preparing to leave tho gully for the night. He had shared tho Bupper of tho two now men, who were in future to sleop on the claim, and tho great fire they had built up against an oid fallen tree was throwing strong gleams of red light agninst tho sides of the gully oppnsito to it, and up on tho orooked dead branches straggling ? above it. The Hhndows wero doepening, too, as tho lasit beams of light faded from the west, and strik ing contrasts were growing out in queer dark shapes behind tho glowing firo that warned Tndy it was time to bo off. "Say a prayor bofora yo turn in boys," ho advised, for bo tho powers it's a lonely place. "Aro you afraid of ghosts, Tady?" askod ono of tho Dorans, laughingly, tako another sup of tho grog boforo you go, and tho ghosts wont trouble you on tho way baok. For my part, I vo got a six-anambercd revolver in my bolt, and I have more faith in tho offecta of that than I have, in a wnggon-load of prayers." " "No, I've had enough of tho drink, Tady returned, as he pulled up his troweora prepara tory to what ho himself would havo called J taking tho road," "an' if you had twenty I revolvers a prayer would bo bettor than 'em nil ac regards that spot." He pointed to tho murder olaim ac ho said good night and turned hie back upon it gladly, and yet Avith a duo recollection of tho lonoly way he had to go before ho reached the township. Far had it been from 'lady's Jntontion to let tho darknoss find him away from Marranga, but it had been a day of great excitement, and poor Tady had found the young Dorans , grog so recuperating that it nad been to him, in a cortain sense, tho waters of oblivion. Ho would not for fifty pounds have faced the hour in that spot had ? not beon for the courago inspired by the 'mips" ho had imbibed, and oven now its strength was dying out, as ho tramped loudly to keep himself company .in the deepening ehadowof Murder Gully. If it had not been for tho ono faot that he was suporstitioue, Tady would havo beon a happy—a pcrfeotly happy man that night. Uia onohopo, tho iiopo, nay almost certainty, which had led him baok from tho Old Land over all those watery .miles, was accomplished —cne claim was a goldon ono; and now that ft now feeling, or rather tho revivification of an old ono as "lovo" was an almost normal condition with Tady, had arisen in hia heart 'no gold had mado his darling Nora more than a hope with him. "An , why shouldn't I? " ho soliliquisod as ho began to think of the girl, and half forgot his surroundings, " I'm a rich man, and tho world is before mc; why should they deny mc Nora ? Ay coorso she's bother nor mc all out; I don't dony that, sure eho'a a priest's siether, but I'm sober an , honest, and have the mam thing," and he slapped his pocket significantly. r A low quick steps onward, and ha stopped Buduenly. * c " Bedad, I don't sea why I shouldn't go ?ver this! minnit and oeo tho'crathur; euro she doesn't know of mo luok yet, for it isn't oftheri teliin , her I'd ? bo itself aforo Mr. Leonard. Faix I'll go—it isn't niuoh out of mc wa.y at all." Thus decided ."ho Humed to tho left out of Joa gully instead of keeping to thd right down by the creek. S6. Horrioke, as'lit wes always oalleaYwas but a short half .'mile from tho end of tho gully, but to reach the cottage Tady had to oross tho track that led up to tho cemetery. Aβ he was crossing it a long howl, or rathor whica camo down tho hlllto his cars, and ho started to almost run, with all hi 3 old feeling of euporstitious fear re vived. " Bad cess to it for a place," ho muttered, " 'twas pvor an' always a lonesome road up thero of a night; but since that black day in tho Gully 'tie worse. Lord, botuno us an' all harm, I wonder if it is a dog at all." At tho same spot near tho fenco of St. Herrick's, where he had first spoken to Nora Brady, Tady paused to examine tho eur roundinge, and spoculato on his chance of seeing tho girl on this pecasion. In tho i shadow of the shrubberioa it was now so nearly dark that tho light in the only room that would appear inhabited showed like a glare among tho thick, dark, ivy that coated i the wall; this window was near an anglo of tho mnin building, where asiflo wing abutted, and Tady know it was tho window of Father Jamea' room. | " It looks as if thoy are all in bed," thought tho Irishman, ac he bent over tho fence and I looked all round the houso, " though it's early yet. That's tho priest's windy, an , by all ac counts he koopa a light burnin' on till raorhin'; I'd bo nfeard to whietlo, lw might hear mo, and Nora'd get into trouble over mo, I wonther whatl'll do ?" As ho was wondering, a shout so hoarse, bo sUident, so suggestive of soma nwful and un known horrer rang around .his oars that be raised hie bands to thorn as if to shut it out; his owes, however, turned toward the lighted window, from whiota the noiso seemed to pro oeed. Staring at it he saw for a moment cast on tho curtain, tho shadow of a man who scorned to be twisting and writhing about out of all humnn form, and tho heart of tho terri fied mnn seemed to atop for a mo.nent in absolute fear. "In tho namo of heaven," ho muttered, dropping ono hand to cross himself, " is it murder that is goin' on an' I standin' horo doin' nothin'? If I thought 'twas that I've a strong pair ay hands, but what would I do at oil if it'e in ono of his tantrums ho ia, and he to eea mo?" A moment's silence, as the shadow oud denly disappeared from tho blind, gave Tady courage to bound over tho fenca and begin to oreop nearer to the window. Ho would try and satisfy himself by listening nearer, or per chance by seeing, if he had an opportunity, and then if bo could help ho would niako bis presence known, and assist tho priest if neces sary. That was tho decision that made Tady creop along by tho fence until ho had reached tho part of it that was only separated from tho wing of tho cottage by the width of a pathway, and then ho dartod across and stopped again to listen in tho shelter of the ivy- clad house itself. j He WU3 now so close to the window itsolf that by spreading himself along tho wall ho could have touched it; but he was afraid to rustic the ivy in the silence which seemed to him almost unnatural. He could hoar tho beating of hie own heart, until suddonly again a voice spoko loud, fierce words, and he recognised it as tho voice of father James. " I havoyou on tho hip now, mine onemy," wero the, opening words of triumph, ap parently, and then thoro was a shriek o*f euoli diabolical laughter that Tady trembled. " There ia a talisman that will frighten you out of my path for over 1 Hα I I havo told many a lie since I saw your living faco; if you haven't better company than mc by this timo, and something else to do besides haunting mi/ life, curso you 1 " A pause then, and a gibbering such as ono may hear in the coll of a maniac, and then a fresh shout and a Ecufllo as if of half-a- dozon men. Tady was solely afraid, but ho was also vory ourious to Beo what was going en in tho priest's room Besides he had had various hiuts that hor brother was queer, from Nora—a queerness that the girl attributed entirely to hie temper, but which Tady began to suspeot might pro ceed from insanity; at all events, ho ventured to crawl, little by little, nearer tho window, and to at last get his face pushed through tho ivy screen quite close to it. The window was a low cottago ono, and an aooident favored Tady's espial—ono of the taoks which had supported tho corner of tho white blind had given way, and the corner had dropped, leaving the spaco of a hand breadth of the glass uncovered. Thia spaco was above Tauy's eyes, but he soon raised thorn to ita level by plaoing his foot in a nook of tho strong ivy-stems, and holoing a firm grip of another nook above him. What waa it, then, that the poor fellow Baw that had suoh a terrible effect on many awful weeks of hia innocent lifo ? What dls covory did ho make that drove rest from hie pillow, floeh from hia bones, and peace from his mind for a time that ho remembered with dread and horror during all bis after life ? He saw in tho middle of tha room ho was peeping into, a man whom he could not im mediately recognise as Father James Brady. I This man was undressed to his shirt and trousers, and had tho sleovea of tho former rolled up, showing hie thin bare arms. Tho \ head of thia man waa tonsured—Tady saw that—but his faco was not tho faco of the priest. It couldn't bo; that faoe, distorted with a terrible, fierce passion, with eyes aglaro with fear and horror, with tho moisturo of ghastly suffering, falling in great drops from hie haggard checks, had no roeemblanco to that of tho white-faced priest', even as ho had been during his attaok in tho gully a few hours previously 1 And yet it was a face that seemed aomohow terribly familiar to Tady, yet ho could not tell how or why. Staring at it in puzzled bewil derment that seemed still to fascinate him, he watched tho man's Btrango movements, and listaned to his awful words, shouted aloud as if thero were no human ears to listen within wido mile?. Who was he talking to ? Thoro waa no living being within tho room, yet ho sent hia wild jibes at somo object ho glared at, and ho waved something ho called his " talisman " in tho imaginary faco of a foo. Within a airole of many feet thoro was not around him a tan giblo objeot, yet at short intorvals ho seemed to grasp something in his long thin arms, and struggle with it, throwing and writhing hie limbs as it appeared around other limbs, panting meanwhile with fierce, hot pants, un til ho estaggerod ogamst tho wall exhausted and faint, to bo revived when ho rogained strength to roaoh a bottlo and glass, and pour a fiery draught down his hot throat. . It waa a fearful sight, yet ono that poor Tody's eyes clung to in an awful curiosity. What likeness was it that haunted him as ho watohed tho man's faoo? Whoso voioo did tho awful shouts and anathemas of this man remind him of ? What, again and again ho asked himself, what was tho objoot with which ho seomed to threaten hi? uneoon adversary as ho waved it wildly in tho air. " Foiled again I " ho would shout, " the touch of that i* bettor than any exorcism 1 I've tried that you know. Bell, book and candle, ha I ha I ha 1 as if they would avail anything in my handa; but I havo beaten you you know, you oannot orosa that— beaten you [ with your own weapons too. Hα 1 ha 1 ha 1 Again a season of panting reet, with the light of tho lamp full in his faco, and tha fingers around which hie " talisman " was turned waa proswd hard against his left eide only to suddenly attack his enemy ngain until again exhausted. " Your curee, ia it? The curse of St. Hdmok under hie own iifol 1 Hn ( Iμ I ha Much I oaro for it. Sea it every day until I dio, oh? Well, who cares? I am not afraid of it now." It was whon ho staggered onco more against tho wall gasping and completely worn out that Tady saw at last tho nature of his talis man—it wag a long treas of palo, fair hair, and there were clinging, dark spots upon it; but it was not that which imafla Tady's fingers unloose thoir olaop upon tho ivy, and his nerveleea limbs bc&d; boneatb. him; ho had recognised tho likoncss in that terrible face, and shrank from it in an overwhelming horror. " My God, havo mercy upon mo 1 " ho oriod, in his extremity as ho climbed ovor tha fence nnd hastened from the awful spot. " Wliat'll I do ? whafll I do at all, at all ? Wliat em is op mo sowl that thia secret is to lie upon mo liko a lump ov lend that'll drag mc down into tho grave, bo it will ?" Forgotten was nil poor Tedy's fanoied lovo for Nora at that supreme moment, forgotton all his superstitious fears of the lone darkness around him. \Jhcn ho had got so far away from St. Herrick'a that he need not dread pursuit, should the man ho had beon watch ing have overheard his sadden fall and de pnrturo, he dropped down on tho grass nnd buried hia honest faco in his trembling, labor-rough hands. Oh, no, there wag no thought of Nora just then. The lonely sound of the soughing brcozo among the rustling leaves waa uu heard by him, and be did not sco tV.a moen ray that crept up hie knoca ns tho moon in her first quarter ncared the tops of tho trees in tho west. A bright streak it was, filtered through tho waving leaves, and restless liko them. Sometimes it glanced .under tbo brim of hie hat, and sometimes glinted past hi? bowed shoulders, but Tady saw it not— he saw nothing, and thought of nothing but tho dread secret that he ought to toll, and that ha must keep for tho sake of many hundreds of souls other than hia own. Hβ murmured hie thought 3 occasionally and unwittingly, and groaned in an agony that lie had never felt in physical pain. "Thero is no ono but Mr, Leonard," he muttered, " and I daren't toil him, for I know what he would say—but how can I toll it, and he a priest ? No matter what's past and gone, ho has worn the holy vestments, and for the honor of my churoh I mustn't spnko I Oh God Almighty, help a poor sinner, for I don't know what to do 1" Tady got up after thia cry for help, and marched on his way to the township. Ho had to cross t.ie little bridge over tho creek near Mrs. St. Herrick's cottage, and he saw lights flitting about from window to window, but he took no notico, for aa yet ho did not know anything of Resignation being lost, or her mother's serious illness. Tho garden, with its palo flowers, lay in tho moon and shadow silently as he passed—almost as silently as their off-shoots lay on that grave up in the lono cemetery, but how could poor Tady know that never again would the sweet child bend over them, or pluck a blosso-n from their stems ? Tho bedroom Tady occupied at the quiet hotel they still remained at was at the back, with a door opening from it direct into the yard, and ho would have stolen round to it quietly only that tho landlord was watahing j for him, and saw him ac ho passed tho bar door. " Stop, Connor 1" he oried, " I have a mes sage for you." " A messago from who ?" tho poor fellow asked, aa ho turned back un willingly. " From Mr. Prosser; ho has been horo look ing for you, and wants you to go down to the claim as poon as you oomo back." " I can't," said Tady, heavily; " I'm dead boat, and fit for nothing but bed. What can ho want rao thero for at this timo o' night." "Don't you hnow? Haven't yon heard? Good lord, tho whole place ie ringing with it 1" " I heard nothing; what ia it ?" "Why, Mrs. St. Herriok'e little girl ia lost, and ovoryono that could has turned out after her. It's the queerest thing, too, for tho little girl know every inoh of tbo country, and that great dog of theirs was with her. Wo are beginning to bo afraid that eho's met with foul play, nnd tho poor mother has taken it. to heart so that aho's got a stroke or some thing." " Met leith foul play \" Thoy wero thtj last words of tho man's explonation that fell upon Tady's ears, and thoy filled them to tho ex clusion of all else for a time. Resignation St. Herriok had met with foul play, and was lost! Resignation St. Herrick had long, pale, fair hair; what about that" talisman" Father James raved about, and twisted in hie fingers ?" Tady uttered an esolaination of horror, and leanod heavily against the bar near him. He could not speak, hut he motioned to the landlord to bo euppHed from a decanter at hand. "My word but you do look ill, Tadyl Whatever's up with you ? Drink that off and see if it will bring tho lifo into you." Tady obeyed, but tho draught brought no colour te his whito cheeks ; and, refusing a repetition of the doee, ho went out to his room, and threw himself upon his bed. Of tho battle ho fought there, ho never spoke but onco, and that was long after to his young foster- brother; but ho fought it alone and in silence, save to Him who hears the very thoughts of the humblest of His creatures. It was quite two hontii afterwards that Leonard tried tho door of Tady's room, and found_ it fastened. Tady heard him, but dreading to meet tho youDg man's keen eyes, he took no notice of the attempt to gain ad mittance. Leonard was not, howover, to be pat off that way, for the landlord's account of his humble friond's looks had alarmed him, and ho spoko sharper than waa hia wont in his determination to sco for himself what waa tho matter. ?? I know you'ro inside Tady," was what he said, " and you may a3 well lot mo in at onco, for in I'll get." Tho distracted man opened tho door in stantly, and felt grateful for the darkness that hid his face from§liis kind young master's gaze. "You are sick and in the dark Tody; what is tho matter ? " Leonard aeked, as ho struok a match and lit tho chamber candlo ho know was upon tho little table. There waa no answer, and when the wick had ignited, gathered nutriment nnd throw out a Buflicient light to sec by, young Frosser turned round nnd looked at Tady. Tho Irishman was sitting on the edge of hi 3 bod supporting himself, as it wore, on his hands, which, at either side of him, wera spread upon tho counterpane. He waa staring at tho floor beforo him with his head bowed and an indescribable nir of misery and hopelessness provading every line of his figure. To tell the truth, Loonard had found himself slightly influenced by Charlie Ellis's persistent assertion that Tady was under tho influence of drink, but ono look at tho well known face assured him that it was not so. " What's tho matter with you Tady ? " No reply again. "Are you siok? Speak my friend, for I must know." Tho Irishman broko down altogether at tho gentle "my friend," and it waa with an almost savage energy that ho oried out— "Forthe. lore of God don't ask mo Mr. Leonard 1 don't, don't, for I can't tell you !" " I must ask you Tady, for if you aro sick I must go and bring tho doctor to you." *' Oh I'm not siok Mr. Leonard I I wants no dootor at all, at all 1 but for tho love o' God I say ni vie no questions J " " A queer thing to say to mc at thia time of day Connor. I should have thought twice before saying such a thing to you. Are we going to begin to havo socrete from each other bo lnte in life old fellow? " " I can't help it sir 1 I can't indeed I Oh Mr. Leonard, there are things that no one man oan tell another after all 1" " They must be very serious things Tady; no such can exist between you and mc." " I nx it of you for the sake pi my mother, the woman that snoV.ed you, sir, not to ques tion mo. There's something on my mind that will kill mc soon, I pray, but that I tnuet carry to my grave a seoret. Look, sir, I'd lay down my life for you, you know that well, but I cannot tell yon this, and don't torture mo by axing." " I do not understand it, Tady, bat I will only ask you one thing—surely you aro more of a man to Joel this way over a girl like Nora Brady; if it is a quarrel with her that has put you into this state ot misery I cannot pity you." " Oh, Mr. Laonard, ilon't name her to mo 1 it's not that I oh, Lord, if it waa only that I'd dio happy I " " And yon can't explain ? " " I can't, indeed, sir." " Well, Tady, tho day will come when you may toll mc, I hope, and when I may at least try to comfort you, so I will say no more now. Isn't this an awful thing about that poor child?" " I only heard a few words from the land lord as I kern in, Mr. Leonard—have ye no thraco ov her ? " " None of her, exactly. Ellis and I found tho dog in tho bush behind the oemotery road. It seems he had been howling off and on all the evening, but was silent shortly after sun down. It is a very mysterious crso, Tady. Tho dog Guardian has iso.n stabbed, and has been losing blood little by little until he could hold up no longer. He was nearly nnconsciow when wo carried him home, and ho has, it soems had a severe blow on tho head also that Dr. Groy thinks must have rendered him un conscious." Tody's only response to this information was a heart-rending groan. " We are to commence a regularly orga nised search aa soon 03 it is daylight," tho young gentleman went on, " for the partial moonlight only made tho shadows deeper and more puzzling, but I am sadly afraid, Tady, that tho pretty child, who was the first to greet ue on Marrangs, has mot with foul play." Met with foul p'.ay! thero were the game words again to ring liko a shout in poor Tady'e oars. Mot with foul play I and who had done the foul deed ? What was ho to do ? How to bear this awful burden of another man's secret ? Ho could not do it alono and live; he must tell it to some one or die. " I think there will be some ohange in the working of No. 1," said Leonard, when he was leaving the room. " I met Conn. Brady going to the coach to-day, and he told mo tho work was not agreeing with him. I suppose he has gone to town for advice; it is stranga how little faith the peoplo hero havo in Dr. Syme, for he seems to mo a olever and intelli gent man. Good-night, Tady—if there is not an improvement in you by the morning, I shall bring him to sea you no matter what you say about it." " Stop a minnit, Mr.Lsonard. If you don't see mc here in tho mornin' don't bo frightened, for I'll start at brrsk of day for Yawbenaok, it's only a walk of ten miles, and I'll get a lift back in tho coach, so I can he here by din ner time." " Yavbenaok ? What do you want there ? " There's a priest there, sir, a regular cler gyman," Tady replied in a low voice. " That's right, Tady; I quite believe in that step ; good night again," and so poor Tady was left to battle alone with his awful eecrettiil tho day broke in the east. CHAPTER XI. . DAK 1 A TKRiuur.r. night had been spent at the cot tage by poor Ellen Griffiths, the boy Daniel's mother. Under the sedatives prescribed by Dr. Grey Mrs. St. Horriok had slept a greater part of the night, but it was a sleep broken by cries of terror nnd utterances of such strange words, that Ellen listened to them with an awful wonder that deepened into fear as the night wore on. She was not alono in her watch, for kindly Fanny Clarke had como over as soon as tho sad condition of Mrs. St. Her rioka had been made known at the farm.; but as tbe patient still slept, [though uneasily, Ellen had persuaded tho young girl to go to rest until toward morning. " I can ejvll you if you can help mc, Miss Clarke," Bho said, "and when you como fresh to relievo mo I shall be glad of a rest you may bo sure." And I am to leave yon all alono ? " Fanny asked doubtfully. " No, not alone, my boy Daniel ia to stay with mo. I shall make him a bod up on the sofa in the next room, where I can sco him and wake him if it should bo necessary." " And you will call mo in a couplo of hours, Ellen ? " " I will call you as soon as ever I feel in need of reat—l promise you that." And so Mrs. St. Herriok slept on and mut tered or murmured in her sleen, with ever and anon a wild cry of terror, at* which Ellen's hand would be laid on her hot forehead, and Ellen'a low voico whisper eoothing words in her half unconscious ear; and Daniol sat crouohing over the fire that had been lit in the next room, the picturo olhopeless despair pitiful to sco at his boy's years. " Daniol, my dear, you had better go to bed," his mother whispered as she camo from tho invalid's chamber and stood beside her son; " I have made you a comfortable bed thero on the sofa,{ond I quite near you all night." " Oh, mother, how oan I rost or sleep when wo do not know where poor Resignation is 1 Sho may bo blooding slowly to death some where, as Guardian was ; how could I sleep 1" "My dear, sho is in God's hands," Ellon whispered softly, " and wo can do no more now until daylight. Wouldn't it bo better, then, for you to try and sleep bo as to be strong to-monow and better able to help than if you weep your eyes out all night ?" The poor lad nestled against his mother's sido, and her arm drew him closely to her. " It I knew sho was dead, molhar, it would not bo so bad, but to think uhe may bo suffer ing and tortured—oh, it is hard 1 You can't know how fond we children were of each othor, mother. It seems a part of myself that is gono. Wo havo spent so many cum mer days together in tho bueh and up at tho grave that I do not think there was ono thought we did not tell, and now " " And now, my dear, Resignation may be looking into her own father's faco in Heaven." " Do you think so really, mother ?" "I do, dear. From the fact of Guardian's being wounded I fear we have loat her, but it will bo her gain." " Who could kill Resignation ? " the boy cried fiercely, as ho drew himself from Ellen's embrace and looked into her cyo3 for an answer. "Everyono loved her, she was so gontlo and good and patient always, who could injure her? Mother, thero is only one villain in the world that could hurt her, and that was tho man—tho monster that buried her father alive!" " Hush, Daniel, oh hush 1" (To he continued.) SricK C.uc?.—One cup of sugar, tablespoon ful of butter, one e&j;, one cup of Hour milk, one teaepoonful of soda, apico to taste, flour enough to make a thiok foatterj 