ECHOES (OF MELBOURNE. [BY Tei GsoseT.] After a wearisome, uninteresting, and aimless debate, protracted:over eight even ings, the Legislative Assembly adopted the address in reply to the Governor's speech, and his Excellency has been duly inter viewed by the representatives of both Houses, and received the stereotyped assurances and thanks of the people's repre sentatives. The Council, like the man "all the way from Manchester," has, owing to the loss of time occasioned by the Lower House, "got no work to .do," and 'has accordingly adjourned for a week to do it. The Premier, in the Assembly, has been at length able to move the usual sessional orders, and henceforth the business of the country will run in its accustomed grooves. There has been a little amount of dirty linen washed in public, Mr. R. Richardson, the member for the Creswick electorate, furnishing the material for the "lavage." In all probability had any other honour able gentleman been the culprit very little notice would have been taken of the affair. But Mr. Richardson is nothing if not virtuous. He is, according to his own account, the very embodiment of all that is righteous and straightforward, and as in this wicked world there is always more joy over a backsliding saint than is experienced in regard to any number of habitual sinners, his little faux pas, which by the way consists in sign ing the name of his son-in-law to a statutory declaration, and then witnessing the genuineness of the autograph in his capacity as a Justice of the Peace, in order to enable his daughter's husband to select a valuable allotment of land at a place with the singularly appropriate name-in this instance-of Fishy Creek, Mr. Richardson has "explained." The explanation, however, leaves the matter just where it originally stood, for facts are stubborn things, and not easily "explained" away. The poet tells us that " a man con vinced lagainst his will is of the same opinion still," and despite the "convinc ing" proofs of Mr. Richardson's guileless ness, there are still a number of people who persist in believing that the whole episode is one reflecting very little credit on the member of the Legislature implicated-an ex-Minister of the Crown by the way-who has allowed his anxiety to benefit his own relatives to outrun] his discretion. The "explana tmon" offered by the delinquent on Tues day in the Assemblyeonly amounted to an appeal to the sympathisers of his brother legislators, and left the facts of this discred itable affair justasthey'were. Mr. Richard son's is a case in which the prayer to be saved from one's friends finds a`.ft illus tration. In their attempt to whitewash, they only succeeded in making the lack ness of the transaction more apparent, and although Mr. Service, before the adjourn ment for refreshment, appeared desirous of. having a full and fair investigation, reflection, or a rood dinner, 'caused him to change his mind, and in all probability the matter will be allowed to drop, and the name of the "honourable" gentleman still continue to adorn the roll of Justices of the Peace of the colony of Victoria. The most remarkable feature of the debate was the manner in which the local preachers in the Assembly, Messrs. Russell, James, and Co.,came to the help of their friend. It is safe to predict that the affair will not be re-opened. Indeed it is better for the credit of Parliamentary life it should not. Like other offensive materials, "the more it is stirred the more it stinks." For the future the Assembly will sit on Wednesdays and Thursdays at half-past three, the usual hour of meeting-half-past four-being continued on Tuesdays. At 10 p.m. the flood of talk will be stayed, as no new business will be called on after that hour. Forthese reforms the members of the fourth estate will assuredly be duly thankful. That "all is not gold that glitters" is a trite truism; but that a brass necklet should by a legal tribunal be decreed to be "jeweler's gold" is certainly news to a good many people. Yet so it is. Mr. John Gardiner, M.P., who combines with his profession of a politician that of a jeweler, has obtained a verdict against a lady who sued him in the County Court for selling her a "pinchbeck" article as "gold," as it is a "custom of the trade." Mr: John Gardiner, M.P., may furthermore find his justification in the fact that he is not the first politician, by a good many, who has made base metal pass for the pure article. The moral to be deduced from this little episode in our Law Courts is that if you want "pure gold" you should not go to a member of Parliament for it. The result of the action of "Adams against the New South Wales Railway authorities" has fallen like a thunderclap upon the victims of the Cootamundra rail way accident. In Israel there will be heard weeping and wailing, and the book making fraternity will doubtless indulge in some rather strong laisguage. Inter colonial jealousy, so many Victorians aver, is at the bottom of the finding of the Court. Had the injured persons lived on the other side of the Murray from that which they do, they would .doubtless have fared better at the hands of the jury. The matter is, however, not to be allowed to rest in its present stage, and further action will be brought to test the liability of the trans-Murray Government for what most people imagine to be the carelessness and ignorance of their employes. To the outside public it does seem rather hard that there should be no legal redress for what is, beyond dispute, a great wrong done to inlividuals. Until, however, the Vistorian Government acts in a less huckstering spirit itself, it hardly lies in Vistorians to talk of the meanness of their neighbours. In an action recently brought to recover damages sustained in the Little River accident, the Victorian Commis sioners have pleaded the statutory defence that more than six months have elapsed since the ocpurrenceof the catastrophe. In future travellers by rail who happen to be " in an accident " will do well to send in notice of action as soon as they recover their senses after the collision, lest they should undergo the experience of Mr. WVilliam Lupton, the well-known mining speculator, who claimed nothing until six months after the smash its effects on his nervous system became only too apparent, and then found himself without any remedy against the department. Gcelong is generally looked upon as a sort of Victorian Nazareth, the abode of dullness, and the sleepiest of sleepy hol lows. It has also the reputation of being virtuous and sanctimonius. It can therefore he imagined that the rumour that a divorce case was on the tapis, in which several well-known straight-laced "citizens;of credit and renown" were to be defendants, created no-little flutter. The errant fair one is the young wife of an old Government servant. This gentleman's wrongs have, however, been salved with golden ointment, and his wounded marital honour consoled with sums varying from £ 50 to .l000. Of course the good people of what in their pride they term "the Pivot" are sadly disappointed at the thought that there are to be no disclosures of the naughtiness of their goody-goody fellow townsmen. As there is, however, one of the guilty ones who refuses to be "bled," there may be Court proceedings after all. At le.'ast a number of good people hope so, for all the gay Lotharios-the total number being six-are married men. The tsagnum opus of the Parliamentary session has seen theb light. Mr. Berry, the Chief Secretary, has explained its provi sions, which are entirely on the lines sketched in a former letter. Strange to say, in their desire to placate drinkers, tenm perance people, total abstainers, and the present license holders, the Government, if the first night's debate indicated truly the right public feeling, has succeeded in pleasing no one. Once again is the fable of the old man and hils ass forcibly illus trated. July 9. NESTLE's SWISs MILE is the best milk in the market, is richest in cream, delicious in tea, coffee, and cocoa. The favourite brand in England. Lindsay Tulloch and Co., sole agents.-(Advt.) 