ISHMAEL." A NOVEL. Br M. E. BRADDON, Atfntoc op " Lxdt Aitdlxy's Secrkt," ' Vixbs," « The Goi.des Calf." &c.;, &c.; CiUriER XXX VII. — " Let JTim Drink axd Fori'.et His Voyi:i;tv." Half an hour later and the festival was be ginning to wane. Above the many colored lights of the garden — rose colored lights, a/.ure. and amber, and Sapphire, and emerald, a fairy illumination, the moon was sloping west v. ..rd. while the clear, cold eastern shy grew clearor. colder, brighter, with an almost ghastly bright ness, ghastly in its effect upon some of those un masked faces talking, laughing, drinking in the great circular marquee, still tlirODged with revel lers, some of whom had been eating and drink ing, and talking and flirting for an hour and more, while others had gone away and come hack again, and while some had only just torn themselves away from the hall room to come in at the fag-end of the feast. The more sober among the revellers were going homo, scared by that opal light in the east. Faded beauties had resumed their masks. Mysti- iicatiou was rite ; some among the revellers ull the more easily pnzzlcd, perhaps, after their enjoyment of tbo Clavaroche cham pagne, which was of the best brand ever landed on the quays of Bcrcy yonder, where, before the aristocratic night was over, the docks would be astir with the beginuiug ot the working day. In the boll room the waltzers were revolving to a strange wild music, a Cossack melody, dis- Sonunt, almost diabolical iu its shrill minor, with a strange staccato accompaniment of violon cellos and double basses, as of a dance of witches round a cauldron. The Homo of tho candles, the flash of crystals, tho interwoven rose gar lands mode a cloud of rosy light above tho dancers, the mirrors on the wall reflected and multiplied the motley throng, until it seemed an endless carnival, stretching into infinite distances. The clocks of Paris were striking tlirce when lshmacl re-entered tho ball room with Lady Constance on his arm, on tho way to her car riage. For more than an hour they had sat talking in' tho'shadow of tho magnolias, while the light feet of pleasure passed and repassed upon tho velvet lawn, He hod told her his real name, and tho story of his boyhood at Pen Iloiil, his stepmother's jealousy, his father's in difference. lie had not even shrunk from the terrible revolutions of his mother's guilty flight — but this he had touched on with but fewest words. The details of disgrace wore untold ; it wus only in extenuation of his father's unkind- ness that he confessed his mother's dishonor. But of his marriage nnd of Paqucretto's sin he said nothing. It was enough in his own mind that lie had spoken of a tic, now severed, Constance would draw her own inferences." Ho could not briug himself to enter upon tho miser able story of his wedded life. And now they were going to part for a few hours ; with the sweet certainty of meeting daily, of being together in a privileged com panionship day by day, until tho hour of thoso espousals which should blend two . lives into one. Each felt that in the other lived tho one friend nnd companion who could make existence perfect. There was n sympathy, a sense of truthfulness and security rarely felt even between truo lovers. Two minds that had ripened dowly In the double school of thought and experience, two hearts tried aud tested, bound themselves in a solemn and sacred union — aiul in neither was thero the shadow of wavering. Each know that this union of heart and mind meant true and lifelong love. As they crossed the ball room they were met by Amiflie, with her tkree-coruered hat stuck jauntily on one side, and her eyes sparkling with mischief. " Such fun !" sho exclaimed to Lady Con stance ; ' tho two poets are here. The little Vicomte, dressed as Ronsard — such a pretty costume — ouly ho has to explain it to every body, and even thou nine out of ten havo not tho least idea who llonsurd was : people are so ignorant," added the columbine con temptuously. " Yes, people are ignorant." said Keratry, laughing at her. " I don't think you knew much about Roasard till 1 told you half an hour ago. Yes. Lady Constance, they are both here. The poor devil who scrawls in a garret ; and tho dainty little man who publishes his carmine sedition with Firmin- tlidot. The petit- ctci'C and tho teinturier, and I'm afraid after the manner iu which I saw tho teinturier dis posing of the Clavaroche cognac in tho buffet just now, thero may be nil explosion of 6ome kind before he leaves the ball." 'How did ho get here?" asked Constance who had been told all nbont that literary inter view in the quartior Latin. "I can guess how it all came about," ex claimed Amdlie, who was always eager to give information. "Hortcnse has been plaguing tile poor little Vicomte to write some verses about this ball, descriptive, satirical, personal, the sort of thing to set half Boris by the ears , and knowing his own incapacity, the little wretch has extorted a card from Madame Clava roche, and has brought his friend from the quartier Latin — tho author of Ales nuits blanches "Ales nails blanches," repeated Ishmael. "What do you know of the man who wrote that book, Mademoiselle ?" " All, Monsieur Iskinoel," cried Amelie ; " is that you? How can you venture to wear tho cap of liberty in a house which is Imperialist to the last degree ? What do I know of the author of Ales nuits blanches ? Very little ; but ho smd Monsiour de Kcratry are liko brothers." " Yon know Hector de Volnois?" said Ishmael ; and he is hero to-night I" A man who wrote a book of verses called Ales nuits blanches is hero to-night, dressed as Frauyois Villon, and I oin afraid not in a condition to do credit to the Muses." replied de Keratry : " bnt as the father of our lyric poets was an arrant Bohemian aud blackguard, that hardly matters. Were Villon here iu tho flesh he would no doubt bo as drunk as his representative. The man I mean calls himself Monsieur Nimporte, nnd lives in a little street ut the back of tho Luxembourg. Do you know his real name and his history ?" ' 1 knew something abont liiiu many years ago," answered lshmacl, as he passed on to tho vestibule with Constance on his ann. The court yard was full of carriages, and tho gravo old street beyond was illuminated by tho long rows of carriage lamps, garish in tho pearly light of morning. Lady Constance and her companion had to wait some time for her brougham to be brought up to tho door. Thoy stood side by side under tho marquise, amidst tho orange trees and rose bushes which decorated the double flight of steps and the wide, stately doorway — stood and talked to each other, happy in tho new sweet sense of union. Yet no longer on Ishmael's part was the gladness without alloy. Ho was thinking of his falso friend, the traitor, tho seducer, the destroyer. Ho was waiting with feverish eagerness for the moment that was to briug them face to face at last, after long years by accident, in a crowded ball room. What matter where thoy met, so that thoy stood swonl in hand, foot to foot, at last ? As he parted with Constance at the door of her brougham, and as he bent once more to kiss the gloved hand, there was a gloomy vision before his eyes. Ere tho world were a day older this now delicious dream of life might end for him suddenly, amidst the thickening shadows of a bloody death. He watched the carriago roll away in the circular sweep of the court yard, throngh tho pillarod gateway, and then he went back to the ballroom, and to tbo garden boyond, to look for bis enemy, the bitter foe wboso face he had never seen since they parted in friendship, band clasping PabUstwd by special anaBfitzoBM with the suUwr. jAhrlabtsreasrod. liftnd. smiling lips uttering fair words, How diligently he had sought for this man in tho years that were passed and gone, using all known means of search, employing thoso skilled in hunting down their fellow men, and all his inquiries had been in vain. All hi3 hired agents bad failed, nnd now, upon this night above all other nights, this magical, ineffable hour in man's life, in the first hour of triumphant love, he was told that tho traitor was under the same roof that sheltered him, the injured husband. He thought of Paqucrctte in the days of her innocence, unspoiled by the knowledge of evil. He thought of their child, lying in her little grave in tho field of rest. He thought of Paqnerette's death — the ghastly story which he had heard a few hours ago — that lonely death on a rotten ship, far out in the lonely Pacific ; and was he to spare this man when they should stand face to face ? It was in the garden— chosen resort of the revellers and the drinkers — tho people who eat half-a-dozen suppers iu an evening, tho men who would rather sit iu corners and smoke and drink absinthe or kirsch than waltz to the music of the first hand in Paris, under a shower of fading rose leaves. It was among the fast and tho furious that lshmacl looked for his foe. The garden was crowded with maskers, and had a look ns of a witch's Sabbath in the cold, clear dawn ; a light which gavo a ghastly look to common things, and made tho entrance to tho great striped marquee, with its flaro of light and clamor of voices and glare of gewgaw decoration, seem liko the entrance to Tophot. Lshmacl walked slowly in nud out among the groups of revellers, half iu tho light of Chinese lanterns, lurid; multi-colored, half iu tho steel-blue morning. Ho walked in and ont by winding pathways, amidst great masses of evergreens, so arranged as to give nn nir of space and gnmdenr to the town garden, till he came to a group around a fountain — a wide marble basin with a marble Triton sponting water high up into the morn ing air. A man was sitting on tho brond margin of tho basin, spouting verso — a man in a shabby niodimval costume, rusty velvot doublet, block trunk liose, pointod shoes, a broken ropo hang ing looso round his neck, suggestive of that hangman's noose which Maitro Villon so narrowly escaped. A thin, wasted figure — a pale face, with iron-groy hair flowing iu the morning breeze ; a sickly pallor that gavo a spectral nir to the light blno eyes, just now illuminated with the fever of strong drink. " Bravo, Maitro Francois," cric.1 tho littlo audience, when the poet paused. Ishmael stood outside the circle, looking at the pale wan face, at tho tremiiions hands with which tho poet took bottle nnd glass from one of his audience, nnd poured out a bumper of champagne. " Do yon know, gentlemen, that Widow Cliquot and I have been strangers for years," he said, in his drunken voice. " c ta sante ma belle rcuvr, thon art the poet's only nepen the." He drank a long draught, and then flung liis glass into tho fountain, shattering it into splinters that flew liko a shower of diamonds across the sparkling waters. " A Jewish wedding," ho cried," symbol of eternal nuion — tho marriage of tho poet and the qncen of vineyards, la belie. Cliquot." And then ho burst again into verse, maun dering verse, a pot-poiari of Villon, Bonsard, Voiture ; tho lees and rinsings of a momory that had once been richly stored. His limbs had tho spasmodic trembling of tho absinthe- drinker. Those pale eyes, of his had the look that forebodes a day when tho brain behind them will be a blank. Ishmael pushed through the crowd, and gripped the troubadour by the shoulder. "Hector do Valnoisl" he said, in a loud voice, " you wore ouce a man, and in thoso days yon were a consummate scoundrel, tho seducer of the innocent and simple, the betrayer of your friend. In those days — thirteen years ago — I wrote you a letter. I have been waiting for the answer ever since. I am waiting stiU. In that letter 1 threatened to strike you in tho open street if wo two met before 1 was sure of my revenge. 1 would strike you to-night, here — spurn you like n dog, disgrace you before your fellow-men — if you were iu your right senses. But I wonld almost as soon strike a woman as a drunken driveller like you. Fur to-night you are safe ; bnt unless yon arc a coward lower than common cowards, you will send mc an answer to my letter to-morrow morning. Yon know my name. I livo in the Palace Royalo." " Bravo, Monsieur Carmagnole, a la lantmic with your foo !" cried the chorus round tho poot. lshmacl had held that wasted figure in a firm grip as ho spoke, his fingers clutched in tho collar of the doublet. IBs loosed his hold suddenly, turned on his heel and walked away, the crowd parting before him. The poet broke into n peal of shrill laughter, chuckled and crowed, rolled over in very exuberance of hysterical mirth, and tumbled backwards into tho fountain, amidst a chorus of laughter froui the crowd. C'cst epatant, said one. On se lord, cried another ; while u good Samaritan, dressed like tho old provcngal Bine- beard, with ferocious azure monstachios, pnlled tho poet ont of tho marble basin. He looked round at them wildly, shivering in every limb. "Ishmael," hemuttered, "Lshmael! the man whoso life I saved on the 4th of December. So much for gratitude 1 111 go home. My coach, gentlemen, my coach, as Ophelia says in Shakspearo's play. Tieck and Schlegel is the best translation ; not de Vignv, not even Charles Hugo. There is no good French Ham let. My coach, gentlemen. But where is my friend, the little poet — Baudelaire in miniature — Mussel pour rire — Bonsard, Voiture, the littlo Vicomte de Pontchartrain ?" His voice rose shrill above tho crowd, as he crossed tho lawn towards the open windows of the great rose-garlanded salon, where the dance was dying away slowly, softly, in its last languid circles, to tho waltz in Gonnod's Faust. Two of those lost dancers, Bonsard and a Gre cian Sibyl, heard that drunken call from tho threshold. To one it was a sound full of alarm. " Pardon me," said the Vicomte, letting fall his partner's hand, and leaving tho whito robed sibyl alone in tho sea of dancers, deserted, desolate as Ariadne at Noxos. " I must go to my friend." And then, having darted across the room to the open window at which Valnois stood shivering in his wet black raiment, ushy pole, the very ghost of pleasure and revelry, Pont chartrain caught him roughly by the arm, and exclaimed — "In Heaven's name, come awayl What do yon mean by making a spectacle of vour- solf?" " Only remembering tho days tbatjare gone. Will yon take mo to my den in yonr carriage ? or shall I go straight to Sointo-Anne. I am litter for the hospital than anywhere else — except my grave." They went ont together. It was a homed exit, which gave no opportunity for any odien to Hortcnse. She had gone bock to her mother, who was sitting on a divan in the vestibule among a little clnster of chaperons, powdered A la Pompadour, gorgeous in brocade and dia monds, or with high cnrling heads a la Alain- tenan, yawning behind their fans, desperately weary. For tho middle aged, the end of such mirth is heaviness. Madame .Tarze sent some one in qnest of the Colnmbine, who was one of tho last dancers in this last waltz, but who answered the maternal summons reluctantly. " It is the last ball of the season, mamma," she said discontentedly ; "voa need not hairy ns away." " Hurry 1" echoed Hortcnse, chagrined at Apollo's desertion ; " why, we have made our selves a spectacle by stopping after all the best jpeople have gone. Even Madame Ctevuoche has disappeared, aud I believe tiiel baton weat to bed ages ago." \- "Poor baron; lioW pleasant it most hart been to hiiu to sec people laughing at his Wife," said Keratry. " That is the great advantage of a msskefl ball," replied Amelie, "one can laugh at one's best friends with every appearance of inno cence. When we came to the baroness's afternoon causcrie. next week wc shall all be serious and tell her that she looked lovely as Ic belle llelcnc, Chattku XXXVHI. — " Dabkness fob LtoBV and Light for Darkness.7 " lshmacl walked homo in tho culm morning air, through tho silent sleeping city, where the only Bignsof life were in Hie region of Hie great central markets and on tho quays and bridges, across which the great wag gons were., slowly creeping, laden with the produce of distant fields aud gardens, farms and orchards. To Mm this aspect of newlv-awakcnod Paris was of all her aspects the most familiar. He loved tho quiet of her streets in the clear morning light. He had walked from barrier to barrier, across all the width of tho city, on many a summer morning, when his mind was full of some new scheme, and he had to fight his way throngh the me chanical ilifliculties of the work, to strike out now paths, to overcome obstacles that had barred the progress of his predecessors in the same kind of work. To-day it was not of some great combination of stone and iron that he had to think — the thoughts that agitated him were of his own life and his own destiny, and interwoven with that life and destiny the fate of the woman he adored. Life and love smiled npou him all in a moment, after long yearsof shadow and gloom. All things were well with him. save this new peril which had come upon him like a thunderclap in tho midst of his delight — the peril of bloodshed, the chance of slaying his old enemy, or being slain by him. For years he had waited for his chance, had courted the op portunity, had held himself cheated, in so much as his own honor and his wife's sin remained unavenged. And now the hour of vengeance had struck — and it seemed to him nn evil lioor. Could ho recoil from the clmuce when it offered ? He remembered his challenge to the seducer, the pencilled scrawl thrust into the frame of the looking glass. Was this chal lenge to prove hut on idle threat, because of the passage of time ? There are wounds that time con heal, wrongs that time can lessen; but not sucli a wound or such a wrong as this. Yet what a work had time duue since tho hour of Pfiquoretio's flight. Time, the avenger ; what a wreck had time made of his enemy ! That haggard nsheu face with its hollow eyes and hollow cheeks haunted him like the face of the very dead. It was like nn awful caricature — a ghastly Wiertz picture — of the man he had known years ago — the poet, Ibe jester, a little faded by a life of late hours and intellectual labor, full o£ joyonsucss aud keen zest for pleasure. Now what a wreck 1 what a pale shadow of that brilliant youth ! - Ishmael's heart sank as he pictured the meeting witli that ruin of a man. Sword in hand, foot to foot with a spectre ! Could thc-y two meet on equal terms ? He stayed at home all the morning, waitiug for a message from his foe. it would be lute perhaps before the drunken jester of last night would be sober enough to think and to remem ber. But when thought and memory came, Hector de Valnois would surely answer as n gentleman should answer, even n gentleman in ruins. The morning seemed passing weary to Mi mas, us he paced up and down his study, waiting for a message from his foe, and pining to be on liis way to the villa in the Bois de Boulogne — a privileged guest. His papers lay untouched upon his desk. Ho could neither work nor read. He could think cf nothing bnt the agitating , scenes of last niglit. Iu one inomont liis thoughts .were of Con stance and a blissful future ; in the next he was haunted by the vision of Paquerettc's pals face, the ship in mid ocean, the lonely death. At last the expected messenger came in' the person of Aimand de Ktfrutry, with whom Ishmael was tolerably ultimate from frequent meetings at the Jarze's, and other bauiiis of idle youths. " 1 havo spent tiie last two hours with your old friend — and vour old foe. Monsieur." he said ; " and I am charged by him to offer yon satisfaction for all past wrongs. Ee will moot you when you like, where yon like, will give you the choice of weapons. fie acknowledges some deep wrong done yon in tho past — tho nature of which he has not communicated to me. I can only say that the wrong most be iudecd foul and unpardon able if it can justify your thirat for revenge in your own mind and Lu the sight of your fellow man — to say nothing of the eye of Heaven, which I suppose we ciay dismiss as an idl« snperslilion." " It is no superstition in my mind. Monsieur de Kdratty," answered Ishmael, " The wrong done to me by Hector de Valnois was the deadliest wrong that one man con do another— a wrong that justifies mo in demanding that man's life, although he once saved mine. There are somo injuries that can only be washed ont with blood. 1 bave waited for years for this atonement, and utoncment is doubly due now — due to tho dead, to the victim of that villain's treachery. Why snonld 1 hold my hand to-day ?" " Because to meet that man with sword or pistol in hand wonld be nothing less than murder. Do yon think that wreck ol manhood, that mere shadow of u man, can meet you upon eqnal tenns ? Do you think that shaking hand, made tremulous by the slow poison of absinthe, can have the faintest chance with sword or pistol against your nerves of steel nud muscles of iron ? Can the dead stand up against the living ? You in the pride of un damaged manhood, he the exhausted victim of un evil life of poverty, disappointment, despair. Wonld yon call upon a ghost to atone for the wrongs done by the living man ? I tell you, Hector de Valnois is no better than a ghost. If yon meet him the duel wilt bo suicide on his part ; on yours murder." " Did he tell yon to appeal to my sense of pity?" "No; a thousand times no. The spirit of manhood is not extinct, even after years of poverty, absinihe, degradation. He told me to come to you and arrange u speedy meeting— this afternoon if yon like, an hour before sunset, in a qniet hollow beyond Yincennes. He described the spot to mo— not too remote, yet secluded and safe. No, he had no wish to avoid it meeting ; he has an ardent desire to facilitate one — the feverish haste of a man to throw away a life that has long seemed worthless. Bnt there is such a thing as compunction, even on the part of tho deadliest foe ; and I tell you that to meet this man wonld be murder — a crime that wonld weigh heavy on yonr conscience, a sin that would haunt yon to your dying day. He man is nothing to me remember — a chance acquaintance who has been useful to me in literature, and whom I hare paid for his work I plead to you as man io man, more in your interest than in his." ' 1 My own interest, my own inclination, alike prompt me to hear von," answered leu,— | gravely. "If I cannot meet him on eqnal terms 1 cannot meet him at all. After what 1 saw last night — well, yes ; yon are right. How could that shaking 'hand hold a swoid against mine, which has grappled with a young lion in Algeria. You are right. I most not meet liim, although I cannot forgive him. If I alone had been the sufferer, par don might be possible ; bnt there is one dead — dead broken hearted — whom he wronged worse than he wronged me. Her injuries can never be purged except by the fire that barns away all sin. Tell Hector de Valnois that I decline his offer of satisfaction. It oonm too late. Neither his blood nor mine can hack the dead, or undo the past. 'Tell him for the life he saved on the 4th December I give J hitn his own ; and that so far, life for life, we aro quits. Let hint forget that he and I ever knew each other. Let hint forget his victim — if he can." And, then, after a moment or do of hesita tion, he added hurriedly, faking some notes from his desk aud handing them to Ax- manu : " You tell me he is in straitened circum stances. I shall be grateful to you if you will relieve him— as though from your own purse. He gave me his bed once and dressed my wounds. I thought him a good Samaritan in ihoso days." Arm nnd de Kc'ratry took the little packet of hank notes without a word. < "I expected no less from you." he said. " I know that . you are a'bravc man as well as a good man ; and no brave mau would meet a foe upon unequal terms." They shook hands and parted ; and Ishmacl felt as if a terrible burden was lifted off his . mind by the result of this interview. To slay or to he slain ; neither a pleasant contingency far a man who has just won the crowning grace of a prosperous career — the love of the woman he adores. It was two o'clock in the afternoon. He had not taken any rest since the previous day. How long ago it seemed now 1 What a deep ravine had yawned asunder in the level monotony of daily life, dividing yesterday from to-day ! Ho threw himself into an easy chair, and slept for an hour or more from sheer exhaustion ; then dressed, and drove to tlie villa in tho Bois — that luxurious home whose threshold he had not crossed since the June afternoon when he avowed his intention never to marry. And now he entered the hall with a firm free step, as the affianced of the mistress of the house, The dogs came out and fawned upon him in fri'endly welcome before the servant, could announce him. "Hid she send them?" he wondered. He was a man to whom animals carne as by an instinct, sure in advance of his goodwill. Lion, the colley, put his nose into tho visitor's hand and went into the salon with him, while Bijou walked composedly by his side, looking up at him with serious black eyes, as if she had been expecting him for ages. And in the sunny window, with a little world of greensward, fountain and roses outside, Con stance was waiting for him with sweetest wel come. And now came for Islunael the halcyon days of his life — a timo of sweet communion with the chosen among all womankind : of grow ing intimacy with a nobler nature than it had been his lot to know until now. It was the absolute fulfilment of his youthful dream — a loftier soul than his own stooping from higher spheres to bear him company on earth. What bliss to he understood as he had never been understood before — to find perfect sym pathy, perfect comprehension — to hnve his ambition no longer regarded as the common place contractor's greed of gain, but. under stood from a loftier standpoint as the engineer's glory in great achievements, in difficulties vanqnished, rough ways made smooth. They hud so much to talk about in tho pre sent and tlie future that it is scarcely strange if he told her hut little of the past — since to have gone back upon the story of those early days would have lieen to go too near the darkest passages of his life. He told her of his wild free life iu Brittany ; of tiis scanty stock of learning acquired from good Father Brcssant ; of the circiunstances that had driven hiin from his home, touching but lightly on his father's injustice, his stepmother's ill will ; af his marriage he said nothing beyond that first confession that the breaking of an old tie bad left him free. Constance had drawn her own inferences, and had made up her mind that some sad story was involved in this old tin ; and for her part she so gloried and rejoiced in his love, she was so proud of having won for her lover a loan of a different stamp from all the other men she had ever encountered — the idenl man, in a word, the worker, the victor, the man who had faced difficulties and overcome them, aud whose wealth of knowledge in all thiugs was only leas than his modest appreciation of his own acquirements ; she was so proud of her lover that it never entered into her mind to he curious about tlie details of his life. She was delighted to listen when she could win him to talk of himself, hut she never questioned him. Her faith in him was boundless. And so the summer days wore on, and the season wuned, und all the gorgeous winged butterflies ol Parisian society hud flown south ward to bluer skies, to game and dance and flirt and gossip and dress and paint beside the tide- less Mediterranean, only transferring Pari- sau habits, Parisan extravagances, Pari- san luxurious living io the towns scat tered along the Biviera. The Parisian was gone out of Paris, and only the trampling of tourists. American, English. Bel gian, German, populated tlie boulevards and kept up the clink of glasses, tlie crowd of idlers, at the little tables on the pavement in the sultry heat of July nftenioons. Constance and her lover cured nothing for the departure of these children of fashion and folly. They only waited till certain legal prelimi naries should be arranged, settlements drawn, communications made with the lady's kindred, and so on. Lord Kilrnsh wrote to express his gratification at his daughter's engagement to so worthy a suitor us Monsieur Islunael, whose reputation was European, and at the same time conveyed his regret at being under a medical 1 regime , which forbade his leaving Hombourg even for a few days, and thus prevented his presence at the marriage ceremony. 