' ZE3IIS 'WIFE 5 OR/NOT GUILTY BUT CONDEMNED. ? CHAPTER V. — (Continued.) ? ' Go— go and bring my aunt,' she gasped '' 'Don't frighten her — don't — don't say I am ill, only bid her coma at oiico. ' The maid flew on hot' errand. Tho instant ? ? .'J she had gone, Ethel, dragging herself up, looked ' down on the terrace. Too late. Iler husband 1 ?i mid thoso with him had just disappeared into ? the house. Kthel sank back, pressing her hands to her ftico. 1 'No, no! It could not be from tho dead. No, no !' Sho was rouBed bv tho door opening, and Mrs, Beckford's voice exclaiming, in much ? ' . . concern — 'Bthol, my child, what is this Annette tells '? me? You aro ill. Good Heavens! you are like a ghost.' Ethel turned her dilated eyes quickly round. ' Aro we alone'!' she whispered, hurriedly. ' That is right. Lock the door, auntie, and come — come to me. Now, now?' as the old lady came back, ' if — if I am liko a ghost, auntie, it is because I h ive hoard one.' 'Heard one?' My darling, your brain is wandering!' ' Would to God it would provo but that !' exclaimed Ethel, clinging to her companion as a terrified child. 'Oh! auntie, auntie, help ' - , me! I have had for a moment great joy, \- followed swiftly by an awful flight. Auntie, ifl ever heard Gerald Hoa tli's voico I heard it j list now. Yes —not five minutes ago.' 'Gerald Heath's voico!' ejaculated the old lady, ' My poor Ethy, it could not bo.' ' So would I have said, auntie, ten minutes back. But I heard it, and the speaker was one of my husband's guests.' ' Impossible, Ethy ! Voices at times are similar — ' 'Yes, those voices which fall but on the ear,' cried Ethel ; ' not those which once reach and nestle in our hearts, the pulse of which beats to their very ring, throbs in unison with their \- faintest intonation. No, no, auntie, there is no voice similar to the voice 'we love !' ' Ethy, for Heaven's sake think of what yau are saying !' exclaimed Mrs. Beckford, im usually alarmed. ' If it were true that Gerald Heath were alive, and, worse, boneath this roof — ' ' Oh ! auutie, auntie,' cried the unhappy wife, rising, pacing the room, twining her arms behind her head in her agony, ' do I not know 1 Oh! Heaven, why does not the terror strike me ? . down and kill me! Oil ! if I could--cou!d ; r but die !v ' Ethy, if what you believe be true —although .1 cannot imagine it— you surely will not forget you are Sir Harold's wife ?' '? 'Never!' was the response. ' If suffering there be it shall be mine, not his. But Gerald, . - Gerald! Imagine, beneath this — my husband's roof !' ' I cannot believa it, Ethy. Gerald Heath is * dead. Still, were it otherwise, what could bring him here 1 Surely he would not stoop — ' \- W ' ' He doas not know. Think — how could ~ he t A'intie, if it be Gerald, it is cruel chance which has brought him. Oh ! Heaven' — with a bitter cry — ' that I should have lived to ; call that a bitter chance which lets me look upon Gerald Heath's face —the face of the man I loved — again. Loved — for to say 'love' henceforth would be a sin.' 'Ethy, calm yourself. Think: at a,ny moment your husband may enter.' 'My husband? All! yes, my husband. ' -v': Poor, poor Harold ! The name had a beneficial, effect Tho un \- happy wife's fivnzy passed, she dropped, white and still, into a chair. 'Yes, Ethy, think of him, be strong for him,' pleaded Mrs. . Backford. 'He deserves . it at yowr hands. ' n; 'And shall receive it, auntie,' was the low, . firm reply. 'But you know his fault. If — ' ' if Gerald be ignorant of my presence here, imagine our first meeting. Would conceal 1 ment be possible after this ?' ' Ethy, if it be he something must be ar ranged,' said Mrs. Beckford, made firm by the gravity of their position. ' If he do not know the truth he must be told it, and as a gentle man, knowing you are not to blame, must either leave at once or help you to conceal that which must not be revealed. But, after all, you may be undergoing useless suffering ; it ? may not be he. Promise me to be calm —yes, calm enough to receive Sir Harold should he 1 come, and I will go and learn who those are the baronet has brought with liivn.' ? ,sGo, auutie,' said Ethel, with a great effort ?'acO-am strong now — the wor.it is passed ? Go.' ?*. As Mr--, Bjckford '.vent she met Annette. ''JTou' li. ny lady, ma'am?' inquired the '? girl. * 'I may say iv covered, Annette. It was .^'bafc a sudden dizzy' faintness — the effect, no ' doubt, of thus ; ill try day. You need not go * to her -she is resting.' r Descending to the hall she inquired of a J footman whether the guests Sir Harold had \- - brought had gone to their rooms. Being answered i* the affirmative, she added — ' There were only three gentlemen, I be , 'lieve ?' ' There wero four, ma'am, a friend of Gene ' - ral Wynyard's. Sir Haroid had him shown to ' ' the fern-r«om.' Mrs. Beckford's heart fell ; she knew her . . colour changed. ' Indeed V she managed to say, indifferently ; ' de you know the gentleman's name 1' s 'Yes, ma'am — Captain Gerald Heath.' Mrs. ]3eckford caught her breath. 'A soldier?' sho said, moving towards the library. 'A sailor, ma'am, I fancy from his com ^ -? plexion.' * '? - v Mrs. Beckford had not strength to say moro. Ethy was right — it was he. Anxious 't be alone awhile, she opened the library door, , .--? closed it, and had taken some steps into the M. room before she became aware that a gentle man was writing in one of the window re cesses. Ah she stopped, he looked up, then, ?\yfch a quick exclamation, sprang to his feet. ; ' Mrs. Beckford here !' he ejaculated. The poor lady remained speechless. ^ It was Gerald Heath himself. CHAPTER YI. Gorald Heath was tho first to speak— a flush on his cheek, a great light in his eyes, he moved quickly forward. 'Ethel !' he exclaimed, eagerly, 'isshehere with you t Where is sho 1' ' 'Hush !' ejaoulatcd.Mrs. Beckford in a low tone, with a terrified 'glanco roun'tl. '? How — how is it, Gerald Iloath, that you are hero after — ' ? 1 ' Ho did not stop to hoar her. out ; a shadow fell over his face.' ' ' Tho rumour is true, then — she is married !' ho exclaimed. ' I read it in your eyes. Well,' with a short hard laugh, 'sho promised to be true until death, and — ' ' Slie belioved you dead, as all did,' put in Mrs. Beckford. 'Pardon mo,' he said, 'as Ethel all too readily did ; not as others.' 'You wrong her cruelly, unjustly. Tho announcement loft no doubt of your terrible death, Gerald Iloath,' remarked Mr. . Beckford, indignantly ? 'yet the poor child hoped against hope, and then, as Heaven hears tno, would have been as true to you dead as living ; but — but — for me she sacrificed' herself — yes, and your memory for my sake.' 'Your sake!' ho ejaculated. How? I do not comprehend.' ' I can easily explain. Tnoro was one who loved her, though she did not guess it, 'until biie evening his words half-revoale/l his secret. Etliel on leaving him fled to mo in horror. She would noveivsee him again. If not your wife she was your widow, and would call no other man 'husbaud.' During her brief absence news had readied me that tho source of my li' tie income had failed. We were beggars. Yes, Gerald Heath, absolutely penniless. It did not scare lior ; but on my knees I prayed, I implored lior to accept when her lover proposed. I pictured to lior the wretchedness of poverty. I told her that a life of toil was henceforth before us, that you yourself, if you looked from the blue vault above, would forgive— nay, not even blame her. I pleaded hard, -and for long frnitle.ssly. Finally she said, her features pale, stony as death, ' Auntie, if indeed Gerald is aware what passes on earth, he will know my heart now, that for myself, were it not sin, I would have joined him long ere this. But I may not let you suffer, you who havo shared your all with me. You must not toil and starve. Still, reuiomber I do it for you.' Gerald, I belioved you dead. I could not suppjrt the idea of poverty for my darling. I accepted tho sacrifice. D o you blamo me ?' The chill oxpression on the listener's faco had given place to emotion. Ho did not say, ' Is this true'?' He knew it was — aware of the deep affection which' sub sisted between these two. He tried to' speak, but for awhile could not. Then, his voice broken, his hands over his face, lie said — ' Then she is indeed lost to me for ovor !' There was a pause. Mrs. Beckford at last spoke. 'The time will not now suffico for me to ask how you escaped, Gerald. There is a fearful trial before you both, and I am here to pray you, a man, to be strong, to pity her, for — for it is imperative; — yes, for her happiness, that the past should not bo known, that you should meet as strangers.' 'Strangers! Ethel and I?' lie cried, amazed. ' Why ? Where is she ? Tell me is she beneath this roof ?' and every nerve began to tremble. 'You say you heard a rumour of her mar riage?' . ' Yes. On reaching England I hastened to Shore Cottage. Other tenants were in' it. All they could tell me was that you had gone : to London. I found the apartments you had taken there ; I lost all trace. The woman told me you had gone somewhere i into . the: country, she belioved for Miss Brand's ( mar riage. My further search proved useless. I — I believed the rumour, and— and — well, I need not tell you what were my feelings. She was faithless, she whom I so trusted. I tried to forgot her — I tried to drown memory — and — and thought I had succeeded until this mo ment.' ' Tlion no rumour told you whom she had wedded ?' He shook his head. ' Good Heavens ; but I knew it,' cried the old lady, distressed. 'I was suro had you been aware you never would have come ; to Ferncourt. Oh! Gerald, Gerald — Ethel, my darling, is — Lady Harold Thorsby, your hostess.' An expression , of astonishment, almost horror, spread over Gerald Heath's counten ance. ... ; Ethel ?'. he ejaculated, ' La,dy Thorsby ?' 'Yes,' proceeded poor Mrs. Beckford, hurriedly, for the time was slipping swiftly by. 'Had you known it I am certain you would have spared her, Gerald, and not come. I would now ask you to go, were it possible. I can but pray you to be : strong, and help her. to be so when you meet.' ? ? ' : 'Impossible!' he exclaimed-; 'impossible for her and mo. Oh ! can you not see it? Go to her — manage some way, any way, that we may meet first alone, if but for a moment, not before strangers.' ''You' are ! 'right. I will try. Dress for dinner quickly. I know your room . When ready leave your door ajar ; but- quick — quick !' He gathered up tho letter he had been writing and moved towards the door. Abruptly, however, he stopped and turned. ' Tell me this.- Does Sir Harold love her ? Is he kind to her ?' ? : ? . , - (To be Continued) 