MELBOURNE GOSSIP'. (mont O ow:7 COn srsPO oDENtT.) Tuesday. Grave and earnest is the talk in certain bar parlors to-night, for to-morrow's sun will set upon the opening of the parliamen- 1 tary campaign, and the movers aend seconders of addresses and other important resolutions are nerving themselves up to do justice to t the matters apportioned to them. There is a flavor of politics throughout the couversa tion of every little knot of men as they take their friendly nobbler or stand in the vesti bules of the places of entertainment during the entr'acte, and in more than one hostelry favoured of lmembers are solemn conclaves of subdued toned nmen who seem to be con cocting mysteries of the most engrossing moment. These subjects are of course pro found secrets to us at present, but when the cannon startle the air with reverberating echoes in the coming morn the now' impene trablde veil will be lifted and these apparent conspirators ivill regain the full volume of their voices, and declare for whom they fight, and against what particular abuses or errors their machinations shall be directed. There arealsoahout this evening stealthily undefined beings who have no MI.LA. tacked on to their family names, hot who hover in the immediate vicinity of the honorable ones, and at times lead the current of their whis pered conversations. About these men there is one congenial elharacteristic, namely the involuntary raising of the hand towards a listener's button hole, and the features of all are strongly expressioned with what is technically known as the lobby-look.. Far into night will they with their titled com panions go on whispering, and out of some of their confabulations there will arise events which will be of material importance to us simple taxpayers, who are content to pay something like £150,000 per annum to retain the privilege of possessing an institu tion for the working of which all these noc turnal conferences are at this moment being conducted. Mr Armytage, of WVooloomanata station, near Bacchus Marsh, has lately been en deavoring to adopt a noew kind of warfare against the much dreaded bhunny, by aggre gating a large number of domestic eats in a vast cage, with the view of allowing the feline community, after they grow nac customed to the surroundlings, to escape and scour the adjacent country in search of susa tenance in the shape of hunted rabbit., On last Sunday, while the attendant was away at church, one of these houses of detention; containing about twenty-six caterwanlers, was visited by some malicious person~ and on the keeper's return, the whole score and half a dozen were found to have beet poisoned. This wholesale immolation is attributed'to the rabbit trappers of the district, whose profitable business of scalp ing the rodents and letting them gd again, to increase the pest, would be seriously interfered with by the arrival of Mr Armyt age's pets, but it is just possible that there are other motives which would impel certain persons to destroy the collected cats in the \Vooloomanatamsenageries. Foreverytwenty six tabbies with their respective Toms for warded to the Bacchus Marsh district means a corresponding diminution of their numnbers in some other locality where cats are re garded as a noxious surplusage. Many and many a weary householder who tosses on his couch through the wakeful night, and vainly strives to close his auricles to the dismal wailings which proceed from his own and his neighbour's house-top, will rejoice to know that the two or three hundred unwel come visitors to his dreams woult be eagerly Swelcomed by the rabbit burdened squatters; and it requires na stretch of imagination to believe that so easy a method of freeing the afflicted townspeople of their nocturnal foes would suggest to some sufferer, rendered despcrate by long persecution, that an occasional summary clearance of the Army atge cat convention, most bring aboit the drawing of a further supply from places where they can be so readily spared. I am unfortunately' acquainted with a reverend looking feline giant, which, I am convinced would make an admirable bunny hunter, ;Iwhile his musical proclivities would bring t death and destruction to any animal of such timidity as is klown to be an attributo of the " pretty little rabbits," within a radius of half-a-mile round time trysting sp'ot ois which he might bi'vocallising in the stillness of the night. It will be a newiand comfort ing reflection to me, this coming hear before Sdawn, to know that my tormentor may pos sibly ere long be an inmate of a Woolooman ata cat-eoige, and that the pleading sound of Ihis love sick wooings will then fall harm Icssly upon the unaffleted echoes of the far Australian bush. ... . , Here is bad news for the smokers of cheap r cigars. The Colorado beetle, which hitherto ' has. confined his voracious appetite to; the potato, has now included in' his bill of fare I all the cabbages which come within' his de-= rvouring wm-ndibles. Spurious HaUnannalis and Muvias will now go up in price to the' standard of the real article, while the word " Colorado" which we so commonly sed upon the sides of cigar boxes will have a double significance.. Hitherto the Colorado:beetle has been regarded in the light of an intoler able and unmitigated pest, now. however it may come to be entitled to' claim some cuor responding credit, if it only. helps to 'preveht coiming into circulation sonme o those horrible "cabbages," with which oitr 'nostrils !nrei nauseated and our lungs irritated', wsen 'travelling in suburhan cabs when the masher clerk and shop boy are let loose upon society for their evening's amusement. • From the 1st of Julynext we nre to lavesix. penny telegrams for six words, and twelve for one shilling, with additional words at ones penny apiece. That this concession will result in a large increase to the revenue of.thlede partment there is little doubt, for people niow will telegraph who never telegraphed before. The probability of this result is considerably strengthened by what occurred when the in troduction of the penny stamp more than trebled the income of the postal department hi Great Britain. But with the reduced 'scale of charges for transmission, there will, in order to ntrord a real benefit to the publie, have to bie greater ldespatch usMel in the de livery of telegrams, for at the present itie it is founid that a postal card will often reach its destination before a telegraphic message forwardcd to the 5.sne place at the same timne. And it is not encouraging to those who patronise the Government telegraphl service, after the selndinSg of an intimation to one's wife early in the day, to the effect that Jones, our largest creditor, is comining home 'with us to dinner, to meet, on arrival at tihe domestic doorstep, thie nniformled nmessage boy, to receive fronm Ilim our oonu telegram,. andi to find both the kitchen fire and tie wife of our bosom out, whlile the larder is in the conlition of that widow-'s cuphoard so pa thetically described by Mir F. Hilsscy at the Nugget Theatre of negro minstrelsy. I was latterly on the subject of potatoes, and I now again incidentally refer to that poplar tuber. In a certain seabhound locality where the vegetable which forms thie chief ingredient of tie lodging-house Irish stei, is largely cultivated, one of thie kings of soil lately started his carriage, and desiredl a crest and motto placed upon thepanelsthereof. The weualthy ore's ideas were martial, and in his direc tions to the hIerallic designer, ihe expressed a wishl that his unrmoral bearings shouldl con cvey tie notion that altlhough by his viocation, a man of peace, hIe was at the call of hIis country in any time of national ldanger. Then took place tile following correslpon dlence on tile subject:--Fromn the artist: "Your crest is ready, miotto, Sm·'r I'Parahl." Flromi thle customer: "' Wot's thle meanin' of iSemper '?" From the artist (by telegram): "Alwanys." From tihe customer (by reply paid): " Always P'araties. Don't like it. Had enough of spnds. Give us somethisg else." Itis pleasing to kInow that some of our colonists who Ihave distinguiished tlhemselves chiefly by the poslessios of eniortiocs wealth, are able, when they honor Englanud withl a residence, to trace their lineage 'from that coveted blue bIlood to whichi schl cominl and metrical allusions are made in tile opera of Iolanthec. Little did we know when Sir Samouel Wilson was amongst us, thalt that lofty individual was directly descndced from one of the biest knowni of tle SIaxon kingi. Is fact many of us ihave of late doulbtedl whether le nhad ~ comimlln paIrentage with our meaner selves, from ohl ipater Allaln, so much above mere hulman mnortals does he seems to be in his gramesr andl omnipotence. And now we are informedl that the ennobled absentee has humbled hislmelf so far as to claim direct descent from King Alfred the Great, who, it is currently rcported, has beeu delfunct for these many years agone. A little boy who has lately read hIistory (not in a State school, mind) tells me thait con cerning this royal personage, there is an episode touching some cakes; and he wonders whether Sir Salnon's progenitor was one of the "cakes". Be that as it smay, the proud colonists swho are still left in this I country can see at a glance that what with Sir Samuel WVilson at hIis now IRoyal lHughen den, and Boss Henniker Heaton at Canter a bury, there need hie no dillteilty in the sele. tion of an Australian aristocracy, which will be thoroughly reprosentatt traits of the wcalth-holders at of a newly formed community.', For an exanmplo of a good theatre bill, I refer you to a peru, Dowie's advertisement in Saturday's. The reverend gent.. has secured an are talent which seriously threatens the rep, tion of the most melodramatic of penny git\ which supply the histrionic wants of the lot 0. orders of every city. And the admission to to this enormous programtme is fixed at the ridiculously small sutm of sixpence, and ap parently there are no side shows introduced to drag further profits from the pockets of the patrons. As Dowio las now intnimated that he will not, further outrage the law by blocking up the thoroughfares of Fitzroy, there is no reason for wishing him anything but success with his new speculation, and provided that the performances are con ducted with a due regard to the morals of the audience, it is to be hoped that the treasury will fill weekly,' and 'that "the ghost will walk" for the members of Mr Dowie's company from the leading buffoon down to the most insignificantsnper. -There are three performances dutim g the day; the rag going up at 11,3, and 7 o-clock for the respective representations. No money re turned. 17irslt li a.: In the course of a very few hours, the quiet season for journalism will be over, and we shall be in the''midst of the political excite. mient of a newly commenceed Parliaientary session. There is already a rallying of forces, and several of the siore demonstra tive members have begun to throw out hints of what they are goin to do on their first opportunity of addressing the HIouse' HIow far these designs will be adhered to it is im possible to say with any positiveness, but I am aware that somp of those who, have been conducting the business of the country for the past few months 'aro by no means easy in their minds over cosning events which have for long been 'cating very large and gloomy shadows before 'them. It was only the other day that in oe-member, who was compelled to retire from 'polities by the exigencies of his own'business, and who is known to have a good deal of the' rat-pit terrier, about, him, remarked,l "I almost wish I were lq now if only.to tackle bn his maladministration, but .never mind, has undertaken the job, and he'll do it quite as effectually as I could, with the ouitside- proipting ,I shall afford him." There are'dark and dismal forebodings over thiisportentuodns peecih. "According to an exclmnge the use of plea sure balloons is 'quite a popular pastime amongst the wealthy-residents of Paris, and it is not an uncommon thing to see numbers of these merial vehicles fillld with passengers afloat. in tlhe ether on fine' afternoons: The French people have always been regarded as a somewlat flighty race, and this new ceraze amongst the lively Parisians shows that the national temperament is one.which is alter. natcly tip in the clouds and on the level of the'earth.' It is likely that this introduction of balloons' into society will' eventually beo come very, generally adopted, as it offers many advantages to the temporarily mibar rassed, not hitherto possessed. As a means of evading duns, for instance, it would prove eminently eflicaeious, for' a man properly provisioned for a six years'cruise in a balloon could keep out of harm's reach until the Statute of Limitations permitted himagain to 'walk the earth with perfect iminunuity from old creditors, . Again, the man afflicted with a mother-in-law could'rise to the occasion, and find in 'mid-air a happy release from domestic difficulties, during the stay of his wife's maternal relative, unjler' his earthly roof,' And in this new application of an old invention'thore is a grand opportunity for the disciples of Mr Dowie, who could have a continuous procession day after day, and all day in these floating cars, without interfer nlug with any mundane bye-law for the regu lation of street traffic. . ' Thore' is an ffete iustitution in Melbourne, which'is supposed to look after the interests of our mercantile' marine, iiind which in the adchstomned'negldct'of its duty'allows vessels to go to sea only' partially e uipped, and often' entirely unseaworthy;. It is a well known fact that steamers arrive and depart from this port in a condltioh whilch would inovitably secure their founderirlg did they .meet with foul weather, while others which perchance could survive an ordinary gale aro so bldly, provided with the necessary appa I ratus for emorgencies, that whlen their tlans of jeopardiy arrive they are in just as help lItess a condition 'as' the ship which is pur posely sent on a voyage in order to securo the amount 'of insurance; to its speculative f owners. There are steamboats moored to the wharves which line the river Yarra, the risks of whose trips are doubled and trebled by the way in which, they carry excessive loading, and it appears to be the duty of no one to call attention to this fact, and to insist that it be remedied. And every suc cessive shipwreck, likq that of the Cahlors, 'demonstrates the allegation that no, official care' is exercised over the appliances which I ordinary humnanity demanids should be pre sent and in ?eirfect order in' every sea going vessel. 'There is, of course, a new 3Irinu Bill: coming before the House in this ap 'proaching session, biut the real blaime of the omissions forithu safety of the sea' going publio lies not in thc!,want of legislation oni the subject, but the ineffieont administration t of ,the ecisting laws. ;In.supportiof this theory, thcr, are nimany notable exanmples w hicll'ineed ' ot' to be more particularly re ferred to, but as parliament has.determined to take some'action'in the matter, it is to be hoped that the' ailterations swill' includo the formation' of a" board constituted so as to exclude all the old fossils whose sole'miseion snems to be to sit in solemn conelave and talk twaddlel, witlhout daring. to take aniy action t for the amelioration of marine interests; lest they should ,harmt the position of the class from whose ranksthey hare been drawn. 