LAY SERMONS. ' UNDER THE RAFTERS.' [By the Bbothebs Nemo.] ' Why did you not write a lay sermon last week on Mr. Evans's trip to the rafters instead of choosing such a very commonplace theme as 'Christmas ?' This question was put to us on Christmas Eve as we were trying to force our way down Bundle street amid the crowds of pedes trians. We were just opposite Gawler-place, which looked so peaceful and serene that we turned into it for a little rest before again encountering the stream of holiday-makers. Our friend followed us, and by this question Bought to draw us out into confidences which no pressman ought to acknowledge. How ever, as that was Christmas Eve we smiled forgivingly, and said in reply that we were not at the lecture, nor did we feel sufficiently interested in the subject. We had a con fident suspicion that our friend was an admirer of spiritism in general, and of Mr. Reimera, its Soutii Australian apostle, In particular. He had frequently told us of ? certain wonderful things which he had ssen and heard. We often meet him at luncheon, and under the soothing influence of the after dinner cigar he has a habit of becoming con fidential. From time to time we have been informed of sundry extraordinary freaks on the part of furniture in his neighborhood,, of remarkable noises, of music which can only be likened 'to linked sweetness long drawn out,' of ac cordions floating through the air played by invisible hands, of messages written out by mediums in Latin and Greek and Hebrew, of communications concerning the 'sDheres of progress' in the ' summer land.' We have been accustomed to listen in amused wonder ment at the lack of oritioal discernment on the part of a man who in business matters is said to be as sharp as a nail and as hard as a file. I remember how one day my brother, who is generally less tolerant of human ecsentri cities than I am, and much more reticent, broke in by saying something to this effect — ' It is all very wonderful, and I too have seen some wonderful things. I one day taw the Davenport brothers, when five spirit hands at one time showed themselves at the top of the cabinet I remember how once I saw a man take three half-crowns out of my beard, and then six more out of the whiskers of my neighbor. I know there were none in my beard before, and I was astonished indeed at my own ignorance of my wealth. I saw him too bring a dozen pigeons out of s caldron of boiling water, and do masy other marvellous things. An old lady to whom I told these things said she was sure it was the devil who was at work in these manifestations. X was unable to con tradict her, not having a consciousness of per sonal intimacy with the plans and arrange ments of that individual, but the hypothesis was plausible. What do you think V 'O,' said our friend, 'you are joking. Yon were at a conjuror's, I know how all such things as those are done. It is trickery ; but spiritism is as far removed from trickery as light is from darkness, I toll you the things that X am speaking of are not the result of trickery, for I have the testimony of my own eyes.' 'So had I,' said my brother, ' and of my beard, too, so I bad better testimony than you.' We never got further than this in all our conversations ; but when the now famous stances in Marshall's upper room first began to be talked about we confess that we were puzzled. We could not doubt the facts; they were too well authenticated. We could not deny that the tables were really tilted and that raps were really heard, and that audible voices floated through the air, and that somebody or other was having some fine fun up there. We saw iu the Har binger of Light a full and particular account of all these wonderful doings. We used to look up at the ornamental front of Marshall's premises and debate whether we ought not to put the place among the lists of haunted houses, and we wondered that the spirits should select a plac9 jost over the Bible depot. Zf Luther could disarm the devil by playing the flute, surely Marshall with his scores of pianos and organs and fiddles and trumpets ought to have no difficulty in getting rid of a whole army of wandering ghosts. From the upper regions of the next house are often to be heard the grand harmonies cf the bagpipeB when our Cale donian friends fancy they are treading their native heather. This latter fact settled our minds. We felt assured that no spirits could haunt a house where the bagpipes were being played, Zf the 'Campbells are coming ' was to be played with proper accompaniments that would be enough to disconcert the order and 'spoil the conditions' of the most care fully arranged circle. This argument seemed conclusive, for had we not seen people hurry ing past that comer at 10 p.m. when the shrill pibroch was sounded, and were we to think tint ghosts had less sensitive ears in their unmaterlalised state than we in our material bodies! But still the matter went on. More tables were moved. More voices were heard. More flowers were thrown down. More mystic bells were set a-ringing. The argument from the bagpipes was evidently a bad one. 'There is some trickery at work there,' said one of us, 'but Z confess I can't see through it. Reimers may, or may not, be a trickster, but he evidently has got some * striking manifestations' at last, I don't see how he can do all these things, or indeed, iow any one eke can. He evidently believes in these things, or he would not be sending accounts of them to be published in Mel bourne. His faith is one factor in the pro blem. It is altogether one of the neatest bits cf humbug that we have ever heard of in Adelaide.' . Just then we caught sight of Mr. Kirkbam Evans passing along the street intent on business. 'Thai's the man who can tell us all about IV I heard him say in one of his lectures thai there was not one of the tricks of spiritism that he could not see through, and could not imitate. X wonder what he has to say of all this business. He seems to deem it his mission to hunt down spiritism wherever he finds it. He and Beimcrs will have a grand set-to one of these days. It will be a sight worth seeing to watch the two champions, one astride of a tailor's goose, and the other mounted on a 'cello rushing at eaoh other, full tilt. He told his audience how he disconcerted a public spiritist rope-tying performance in England by insisting on tying the medium with tape instead of cord, and pinioning him at the elbows instead of the wrists. The seance broke up in confusion, for no one could wriggle out of bonds fastened in that way.' 'But what makes Mm seek such a queer notoriety, as he is succeeding ia winning for himself? If he consults Ms own ease or repa. taticn he will let the spirits alone and stick to his scissors and gcosp.' 'On the same principle, Z suppose, whioh prompted Bob Boluj to run amuck at the doctors; he had been deprived of all bis teeth by overdoses of mercury in the form of blue pills when he was a child, and felt it his mis sion to go in for nothing but herbal medicines, Evans says he was once almost, if not quite, a spiritist, and was in a fair way to take his flight into the regions of the transcendental spheres, like Andrew Davis or Judge Edmonds, but he saw the snare and be re tired, and, noy animated by a grand philanthropy, he will give no rest to any of these impudent ghosts lest they vex and torment other young men as innocent as hlur seir, but will drive them back to limbo.' ' Let ns go and see him to-morrow and ask him about .it.' And so it was agreed, but before we carried out our plan there appeared that sensational advertisement of a new lecture entitled 'Under the rafters.' The cat was out of the bag at last. Neither Sir. Marshall's pianos nor Mr. Smeaton'a bag pipes could be supposed to have their proper effect on ears so obtuse as those of a material tailor pulling wires from under the rafters. But we are forgetting all this time our ex perlences on Christmas eve with which we started. Our friend, who had suggested that we should havo written a l»y aarmon on ' Under the rafters,' then proceeded to give us an idea of what we ought to have said. He told us that it was a sin and a shame for any one to treat the solemn events of spiritism with such levity as Mr. Evans had shown ; that if the spirits of the departed took the trouble to come frem their abode among the spheres to tilt our tables and knock out answers to our questions, that the least we could do was to treat them with respect ; that if sometimes they made mistakes we ought to put it down to the low state of development in the mediums, and not to talk about trickery ; that Mr. Evans's tactics wero un wcrtby of so tremendous an investigation; that Mr. Beimers would deserve to rank amongst the saints and martyrs for the insults that he was called to endure ; that the name of Evans would be handed down to posterity as a synonym for all that was unfair in the holy warfare ; that &&, Sec. We listened to him with some impatience, for the young folks who were with us ware wishful to get once again into the stream of people flowing past the gay shops in Bundle street, and were pulling our coat-tails with suggestive hints that we had had enough of this intrusive visitor. So we cut the matter short by saying to him, 'How is it that if this subject be so solemn; if the spirits in the spheres be so very wise; if their communications through tipping tables be so tremendous in their im portance — how did it come to pass that they did not know all the time that it was Evans's melodious voice that was whispering messages from the spirit world, and that mechanical wires from the rafters moved the tables and the bells, and that the saint and martyr was being out-tricked by clever conjuring? If the Bpirits are not wise enough, or clever enough, or kind enough to manage matters better than they seem to have done, how shall we trust then when they tell us that we are all too bigoted, and too narrow- minded, in pinning our faith to the Christian system? If the spirits can be bowled out by Evans with such queer tactics they deserve to be bowled out ; and we, for our part, shall say that Evans is the saint and martyr for his voluntary immolation among the rafters. If Saint Simeon Stylites got canonised for living on the top of a pillar, Mr. Kirkham Evans deserves a similar honor and a like fate for getting among the rafters.' 