EARLY DAYS. OF DANDELONG. "Handkerchief" says L "But" says he, "Haindkerchiefs don't grow cherries!"an' he pointed tew a-imall bunch o' cherries wot was langin' out o' my pocket They wai th' same col? r an' sie wot growaed.in his gardinge . Then I ran, an' so did Fred Nicolls' father, an' as he chased men calin' out "stop thief" I thort I'd 'ave tew givre up th' ghost,an' be seat tew jale; an' I ran rouind gum trees an' logs an' pieces `o' 'eat an'-so did Fred Nicolls' father. I' dodged 'ere an' there, an' so did Fred Nieolls' father. He wood fuller me; ah' just as he raz about tew lay his:;little fnger on my shirt' collar I bobbed. doiii. Fred Nicolls' father seemed tew go in fdr greater bobbin' than me, foi th' next min nit he waz wrestlin' with several ieces o' road nmetal, an' blood was gushin oat o' his note through mere rage- because he couldn't smash th' road metal. Then Fred Nicoll's father picked himself iup like a sunstroke broody Ten an' went home. :After loitorin' about for a few hours. I also went home. All the boys lasfed over this affait. , Next mornin' I was cuttin' wood fr my mother in th' back yard (our yard ad joined Fred Nicolls' father's), an' as I was quietly wieldin' the axe I heard somethin' go thud against th' back o' my neck, aid a dead cat fell at myfeet. A harf a brii followed-this knocked the axe outer .my hands; then came a piece o' liver-sheep's liver-~-an' blood covered 1 side o' me face. Thort I tew myself "This is ruff!" and, dew yew know, on looking over in the direction from whence these assaults came; 'I saw Fred Nicolls' father doin' th' amiable hidin' behind one o' th' mulberry trees. I then picked up th' dead cat an' threw it at Fred Nicolls' father; then I sent th' harf brick tew accompany it, an' larst, but not least, I returned that piece o' sheep's liver. Fred Nicolls' father re taliated; then I retaliated also, until it became a pitchedtiattle. But I was too ,iimnble for Fred Nicolls' father, an' hit him at every stroke. I was challenged onter his" ground tew fight. 'Pahaw," says I; "I wouldn't put my foot on yer ground; coz it .stinks." That raked th' old feller's-hair up properly. The next moment him an' me wa horsdecombat. I remember this incideht well, an' as he held me 'tween his legs an' plied that strap, I thort Fred Nicolls' father most inhuman. -His was a respectable funeral. Fred Nicolls an' me was always great chums. We would go out shootin' to gether up in Potter's paddock an' down by th' mile creek. This creek is about a mile an' a harf from Dandelong. He waz very fond o' me, an' allus 'lowed me tew carry th' gun, ammunition, and game, until a parrot was sighted, when Fred Nicolls .would take th' gun an' shoot. Re told me th' gun allus kicked! Then, after walkin' about all day, we would return home; but before reachin' th' in' point we would divide the game. He allus gave me th' cranes, magpies, an' hawks, cos they was th' biggest; whilst he would take th' smallest supply, which usually consisted o' plover, bronzewing pigeon, and ducks. He took these cos they wasn't no good tew eat, but he merely wanted the feathers. When he was sent out with the barrer for wood into Walker's paddock I accom panied hini; an' he said I could wheel barrers! He allus said I would-be able tow make a livin' at wheelin' barrers when Ig gwed lip, cos I knew how tew dew it so eel. -- Then I wanz ilus foremost in th' field at choppin' wood. He said I 'ax a good chopper, an' could wield th' axe better'n Ben Brit. Ben Brit waz'a wood jammer; an' Fred Nicolls allus 'lowed nm tow cut his barrer loads o' wood, while he perched himself on a honeysuckle tree an' smoked. He would also allow, me tew wheel that barrer load o' wood home, cbs I was so strong, an' knew how tew wheel barres. Yes, Fed Micis an' me war great chums. Fishin' in the Dandelong creek in those daze waz good sport. It waz usual for us boys tow torik o' gaoin fishin' about 3 daze afore we actually ment tew go. There was baits, and lines, and hooks, and rods to get. I allas received great praise fur the successful manner in which I got baits. Noboddy could get baits like me; and as for turnin' over logs and .diggin' for worms, I wa'n't to be licked. : Alick Bowman said I- waz a fst-class hand at diggin' worms, and I. used tow pride myself on the accomplishmenit. Yes, I used ter dig, and dig, and dig, and dig. I allus got the baits. • The other fellers said I was deter at diggin' and-findin' worms t But where would the lines come -from Fred Nickolls 'ad two, Harry Pope four, Bill Smith a rotton one, George Dunbar two, and me seven. That would be 'nuff for the nine goin'; but only harf the,lines had books on 'em. Where could we get more hooks? The other fellers 'had no money to buy hooks, but :I had a lot of hooks at 'ome-a present from my brother in town last birthday.; They allus said my hooks waz betterin any we could buy at Smithson's, _coz mine corned from town, and the fish could never get orf, and the loop wouldn't cut the string. Yes, my hooks'wor the best, coz they said so; they salys osed my hookis, and I was pleased toilet 'em use 'ecn'coz they ror the best., _- hey comd from' Mel bun! - The next item on:the programme was somethen' t: hat. : They said I 'could aus geithe best to eat. If I got a large loaf o' bread and Earf a pound o' butter and a big'piece o' cheese, Harry Pope would--getthe fruit, while Bill Smith would volunto to get tobacco and;pipes and, matches-be would shake -'em when the "ole man" wa drunk. Then ar rangements f~r the- fishin' excursion woz completed, and we'd sally forth in a band of 1 or 14, ac-otmpanied by all the dorgs we could whistle up. This usually took place on Saturday afternoon. On th' road e.ver tew th' perlice-pad docks, where th' best fishin' waz- obtain able, we, with th' help o' th' dorgs;would usually startle a hare or bandicoot-hares wasn't much known in those days-an' then such a hullabaloo yew never heard. I often think o' those times. The. fust man who saw.th' hare or bandicoot.*-ould with a bound in th' air, an' a yell some thin' similar tew th' whistle o' a .bogie engine, cry out, "'Are, 'are, all my own!" Somebody in the rear would cry- out, "Halves!" Then each chap would join in tih' chorus o' "Suelle him, dorgs!" and a general stampede would take place, until that hare waz run down an' caught. The hare was usually torn tew ribbons by th' innumerable dorgs woat follered us. Then Bill Smith would come up an' say: "My dorg caught that 'are fust; an' Isaw him when I was'down near Rodman's, so it's mine!" Slan?eyGutle would dispoot it. (To be contintei.) . 