(jlhiltoits (Kolmnn. THE TWO BABIES. 1 BY JIMMY BIIOWK.1 [From narpn't, Young People.1 The night before Christ-nips we had great fun at our house telling ghost stories. Mr. Travels told about an awful ghost that used to live in an old_ house where one of Air. Travers's friends lived. It was a tall, thin woman- ghost, with her hair all down, and dressed in a white nigown. She used to come into a room in the middle of the night with a rope in her hand, and she would look all around until she found a good placc to hang herself, and then slie wou'.d put the rope round her neck and hang just as if she was dead, and the m;m that saw her would faint away, and when he woke up in the morning she would be gone. One night a voung mau, who was a book agent, and wasn't afraid of anything, slept in the haunted house. Well, in the middle of the night the ghoat comes in, and looks around for a nail to hang herself to. fhe young man said, "Good evening, ma am. Going to hang vonrself, I sec. Let me help you. So he helps the ghost put the rope around her neck; but instead of hanging her, he ties the rope to the bed-post so she can't get away, and then he lights a lamp and reads to her out of a book that he tells her every respectable ghost ought to buy. The ghost stood it a while, and then she begged and implored him to stop. So he kindly and affectionately pointed out to her that she had no right to go and hang herself in otb :r people's houses, and that if she'd promise never to do it again he'd let her go, but if she didn't, he'd read the whole book to her, and it had mornamillion pages. Well, the ghost promised, and the young man let her go, only he kept the rope, and nobody ever saw her again. Mr. Travers says he saw the rope himself, which proves that the story is true. I went to bed pretty late that eight, and woke up about 12 o'clock dreaming of ghosts. 1 wasn't a bit frightened, though Iwas a little nervous, just as Sue is when she thinks she hears burglars; but I was afraid mother might be frightened, so I thought I would go into ber room and tell her it was all right, and Eobody would hurt her. My littlest sister and the baby sleep iu the same room with mother, and the first thing I saw was the baby hanging from the head of iny sister's bed. This almost frightened me, for I thought the baby had got up in the night and committed suicide. So I called mother as loud as I could, and she sat right up, holding another baby in her arms. This made me sure that the baby hanging to the bed-post was a ghost, and then 1 admit I was frightened. After a while I found that it was made of rubber, with a lond squeak in it, and was meant for a Christinas present. The rubber baby was just about the size of a real one, and I could hardly tell it from our real baby, only it made less ncise. Christmas morn ins we all bad our presents, and had a good time over them. My littlest sister would take her baby to Church with her, only mother found it out, and hid it under her coat, where it sijueaked every time mother kneeled down or stood up. Mr. Martin came to dinner Christmas Day, and spent the eve- mug with us. lie was very ood-humoured, and brought me a knife, ana f forgave him everything. He was very pleasant to mother, and said he did so want to see the baby. After dinner wa all went into tlie parlour, where it was rather dark, for one of the lamps didn't burn vc-ry well till it was turned up. Mr. Martin dropped into a big chair, and sat very quiet, thinking, as he said, only 1 believe he was more than half asleep. Mother bad "gone upstairs to see the baby, but presently she came down, and said to Sue, '' Where on earth is the baby? It isn't in the nursery, Susan; do you know anything about it?" Mr. Martin said, very politely. "What's that? Baby missing? I'll find him for you." And with that Mr. Martin gets up and tutus around, and gives a most dreadful veil. There was a bal by lying on the chair just as still as if it was dead. Mr, Martin was sure that somebody had left oar baby in the chair, and that he had sat on it and smashed it, and of course he supposed be would have to be bung, and that father and mother would be offended with him. Then mother and Sue. they shrieked as if a mouse was after them, and rushed to pick the baby up, and found that it was the rubber baby, and that it wasn't hurt a bit, except that the squeals was spoiled. Just then the nurse brought the real baby in out of the kitchen, and everybody was happy again. That is, everybody but Mr. Martin. He got angry, and said he knew that it was one of that bey's infamous tricks, and he took his hat and went home ; but I never put the robber baby in the cliair, and I don't care what he says. 