CHAPTER XIX. AND LAST. The scene has changed and the time. It is two years since Dan Lyons had met his doom at Marranga, and from the window before which Leonard Prosser is seated there is outspread broad Cariingford Bay, and the green slopes of the County Down. Leonard's face is but little changed—his calm and thoughtful nature is not one that leaves many traces on a handsome face, and Tady Connor's wrinkled, queer visage is from other causes setting defiance to the ravages of time. On the morning I reintroduce these two of my characters to you Tady is standing on the opposite side of hiB master's table, and they are talking over sundry affairs of the management of the Prosser estate that are in Connor's charge. Suddenly Leonard changed the subject. "Daniel's holidays are nearly over are they not Tady ?" " Yes sir, time's up a Monday next. We war thinkin' of axing you for an extension Mr. Leonard; tisn't so long since ye war glad of a holiday yerself," Tady added, with a twinkle in his eyes fixed on his foster brother's countenance. Leonard smiled. "You have never re gretted fathering the lad Tady ? " he asked. " Regretted! Sure you're not axin' in earnest Mr. Leonard, for well you know I never did. Everytime that boy calls me ' Father' me heart jumps up in me mouth, but truth to tell sir I don't think he believes I am that, though he never ses so. Any word from Australia since Mr. Leonard ? " " I had a letter this morning from Mr. Pollard—I was just going to tell you." " No word of the mother, sir ? " " Tale or tiding of either Nan Griffiths or her daughter have never been heard of since. Do you think Daniel frets about her ? " " He thinks of her I'm sure, Mr. Leonard, but fretting I don't know. You see that busi ness of her trying to save Dan Lyons he has never got over. But he will get over it, plaze God. I never saw anything like the way me mother has taken to him, and, indeed, he to her. I declare I believe she sometimes fancies he is her rale grandson." « When are yon going to give her a ' rale' one, Dan." " Never, sir, with the help of God." " Now that Nora Brady is within a county of you " "Mr. Leonard," Tady interrupted, with such an expression of pained reproof on his honeBt phiz that Leonard hastened to appease him. "You are right, Tady; I ought to be ashamed of myself, and of course I was only joking. But everyone does not know that the girl is sister to a murderer, and it is to be hoped that some decent man may yet make her a wife. "I hear that both Conn and the mother have beoome very devout," Tady Baid. " I am glad to hear it. Charlie Ellis and Miss Clarke are married, Tady." " Are they sir. Oh, by gob, he could well afford it. We did well in them three months' work, though the Lord knows it was like mur der to me to come op oat of the shaft and see that rope hanging there ever and always—I wonther if any one tnk it down yet ? " "I don't know, Tady; it was a hard climb and no one liked to touch it. Well, Charlie has resigned, at all events, and they are mar ried. Mr. Pollard says that the gaily is de serted onoe more, and that he feels sad for a week after he visits the cemetery." "Indeed, and no wonther. Ohl it waa the sad sight the day of Mrs. St. Herriok'a and Besignation's funeral ? There they wor in one grave, yon may say all three mnrthered by that cruel villain." " And Dan Lyons within a stone's throw of them." " Outside the fence though, sir; not in con secrated ground, anyway." " Oh no, of coarse not, Tady." " Did you hear exactly where the Bradys are, Mr. Leonard ? " " Near Armagh. It seems that they came home by the first ship after Conn's most un expected recovery. It was a lesson to him, and I am glad he is a changed man." " There was room for it, Mr. Leonard." " There is room for improvement in every one of ns, Tady. And now will you go and tell Daniel that I'm on for a morning's fish ing if he likes to come with me, and we will talk over that question of the extended holi days." "Oh, they're as good as granted, Mr. Leonard; Daniel will be so glad to go with you." " A minute more, Tady. I would sot say anything to the boy about the newB from Australia; it might unsettle him." " Of course not, sir." "And there's one other item of news in Mr. Pollard's letter. It's quite in your line too, Tady, for yon believe in ghosts, I know." "Dan Lyons has appeared I" exclaimed Tady, making saucers of his round eyes. " Something like it. Several have declared that they have seen him hanging in the Gully where the Americans left him. It is always an moonlight nights, of course; and the dead man swings round his rope, show ing his white face at ail parts of the compass« Now, you know, Mr. Pollard doesn't vouch for the truth of this, Tady, nor does he be lieve in it." "There's plenty of men as wise as Pollard, though I've nothin' to say agin' the gintteman, that believes in the like," said Tady, as he opened the door for his own exit, " an' why wouldn't they ? Doesn't it stand to raison that part of a lost sowl's punishment may be to see his sufferin's an' lids sins over again on earth ?" THE END. 