The Advertiser FRIDAY, AUGUST 21, 1885. IT will be a source of gratification to the Social Purity Society and others interested in the cause of public morality to know that the Bill for the better protection of the virtue of young persons lias passed its second read ins in die Lower House. The measure was originated in die Legislative Council, and consequently when some necessary amendmetits have been made it is probable that it will at nu (libt.iiil date become the law <>f the land. In his warm but undiscriminating opposition to die Bill AJ r. Reen, we we glad to say, lias stood alone. The second reading was agreed to without a division, and all tliat now re mains to be done is to free the measure from some of those admitted defects wlu'ch liave been pohitvd out by Mr. iii'iitburg and Mr. .Syiiioii. The policy of muking further provision to preserve the young of both sexes from the con tamination of a great social vice has liardly been disputed. Public interest has been awakened in this quest inn throughout die length and breadth of the colony, and our legislators would be putting diemselves into an entirely false fKtsition if diey continued to resist die strong demand for au amendment of the existing law. It is unfortunate that the discussion of die Bill should hare been complicated by die consideration of a number of a]together false issues. There is no pretence of any attempt to suppress die social evil by repressive legislation. A measure with any such purpose would be npeu to the double objection tliat it would be sure to fail, and that in all probability it would do additional mischief by striking at individual liberty. But the Bill now- before Parliament does no more dian to assert tiiat there are some phases of immorality of wliich cognisance may well be taken by the State in order that die social evil may not absolutely tun riot. It is, in fact, only a reasonable extension of die powers con ferred by statutes already in force. It attacks the business of panders and procuresses, who by wiles and strata gems widi which diey are only too ianiiliar decoy young girls into the homes of infamy, it raises the age of consent, co that the arts of the seducer may be more successfully dealt with, and it im peses an obligation on those who hold {.ofiitious <- tmni endeavoring to corrupt the young people committed to their guardianship. In all thi? it accords fully with the spirit of natural justice, and diose who seek tv discount the value of the Bill by pre tending that it is a blow aimed at the freedom of die subject are guilty of the idlest twaddle and rhodomontade. One of the fairest and most temperate contributions to die debate on the second reading was that made by Mr. Catt yesterday. With much tiiat the hon. number tmd to say concerning die ill advised attacks of Mr. Rees on the Social Purity Society ye are in cordial agree ment. The kou. member Cor Onkapa ringa iii his speeches on tliis question has made a lamentably miscluevous use of his exceptional oratorical gifts. Disdaining to consider the Bill as it stands, he has con tented himself merely with descanting eloquently on the powerlessness of human < ffoii to control the stream of immorality. He has put it as though the terrible vice which taints the life of all civilised com munities is s the nature of men and women that no legislation can possibly limit its most <>V> ?^ectioimbJc developments, and that it is a more waste of time and senti ment to .seek the arrest of its over - widening growth. Were such a doctrine title, it might well he doubted whether it is safe to preach it; but fortunately there are many who refuse U> accept so gloomy a creed, and who day by day are working to produce a healtliier tone of public feeling, and to purge society of the grosser forms of the evil rampant more or less in all large cities. The Social Purity Society is engaged in a noble and piulantliropitic work, which is not likely to be i injured by the unreasoning outbursts of men who like Mr. Itees would almost appear anxious to find excuses for vice. Moral suasion, Mr. Cat* allows, is the chief power on which the society must rely for the accomplishment of its purpose. The sound moral training of the youth of both sexes by their parents, the spread of education, the provision of better dwelling-places for the poor- -all these are potent instruments in the cause <>f public decency. But to such wa.y fairly be added that decree of State-aid provided by the measure under notice. As a whole it gives protection only to that class whose members from youth ai;d want of knowledge vf the wi.ild scarcely understand the frightful perils with which the path of life is bestrewn. Except tfiat the Bill renders the odious trade. <>f a procurer of young gills tc become common prostitutes an illegal occupation, and tliat it makes the oj.cn and liabitual solicitation of prostitu tion an offence in the case of men ;is well as of women, the measure does net touch upon the rights of adults to nrrarge immoral contracts. The re^u laticii and consequently the indirect | Kmeti.ii ?.f vice is no part of the society's progian.ine, nor is there any ?[iiixotie t-iukavor to stamp out the social evil by rcpres?ive legislation, which would only lc:?d to its reappearance in smother and lH>iha]:s worse form. The '"cry of the children" is heard in this Dill. For their protection, and theirs alone, has its pro visions been designed, and Surely P-tr liair.cM can be employed in no more useful or Christian labor than in devising means by which the virtue of the youth of both sexes may be more effectually secured. The fear that any clauses of t:u Bill ir.ay be used with a view of extorting bJackir.uil front innocent persons is, we tl.iiik. much exaiiireratcil. Still, it is clc.'ir that there is an absence of some turci&Eiiiy; safeguards, and the thanks of tl.i* ct'Uiiuur.ity aie due to Mr. Houiliuig ami Mr. Syuion for having oirtcU-d si>ecial attention to them. Tl:e Social l'urity Society cannot be held responsible for the exact foiin in which the measure has been prvseuti d to die legislature. In some respects it departs from their proposals, .-did the result is not in every case an improvement. The Government hire acknowledged that many of the clauses are susceptible of advantageous amendment, and in committee the form of the Itill will probably undergo much change. Thus a limitation of the period within which informations may be hud will have to be determined. A person guilty under clause 4 of the defilement of a giri between thirteen and fifteen years of age may make the most ample amends, even by marrying liis victim, but as the Bill stands he would never be free from the danger of a criminal prosecution. This is ob viously undesirable. So, too, in the tenth clause the age up to which protec tion is extended to a female under the care of a guardian, teacher, or schoolmaster, ia fixed at twenty-one years. It ia well urged tliat if a woman who readies tliat age cannot then resist the on mires oi" a seducer ehe can hardly ei f*'ct the protection of the State. She lias atriveil at a i-oiiod in life when the judg ment should be mature enough to enable her to protect herself. It is accordingly intended to reduce the age to nineteen, and it is questionable whether even this is not too high. The Government do not | aiitounce any other amendments which they will be willing to agree to. but others wilid< >übt less suggest tliemseiws as the Bill is fussing through committee. Subsection 2 of the second clause is certainly worded vaguely. In "an extreme case it might, as Air. Homburg | woman <>f die town the opportunity of levying biackmail, and a danger of that kind should be guarded against with the utmost strictne£s. The provisions to keep )oui>g girls out of brothels are of a highly salutary character. No good can be done by painting die vices of Adelaide in stronger colors than are warranted by the facts, lut it caiuiot be denied tliat pros titutis of a very tender age may be often seen in our public streets. Early inured to a life of shame the lot of these poor -ii!s is indeed a pitLible one, and no just t>r compassionate man can find fault with a law which insists tliat this dreadful ciiii.e of juvenile prostitution should be met with bold and vigorous measures for its Mippression. Tui: annexation of die Caroline Islands by Cennany is an act that will be scrutinised with a close and susj>icious eye by others besides Uie sensitive race whose pride it liaa directly wounded. Alrxady it has been stated in our cable grams that most of the European powers have supported the protest of Spain, and fuller i sirticulars will probably explain thi.s to nu-an that the only Governments whose moral support of Spain has been uitliJielJ arc Uiose of Russia and Austria. The friendship of these two states is regarded by the skilful and arbitrary EULtceUiitii who directs the policy of the 4>ciuiau Empire as a compensation for the enmity of the rest of the world, and he docs not hesitate to offer an atfront to a nation whose sovereign a tlivrt time ago was an honored guest at Berlin by wresting rudely from their colonial empire [tossessious which are commercially wortldess, but may be made the basis of future maritime power. The project of Oernian colonisa tion would only thinly veil the true reason of appropriating the Carolines, and will hardly be seriously asserted as an excuse. Tropical heat, though a slight discomfort to families reared in die wiutry regions of the Black Forest, or inured to the piercing blasts which whirl over the frozen sheet of the Baltic, is no impedi ment in the eyes of Prince Bismarck to the expansion of the <.>cuuau colonisation scheme, or he would not have shown such au inflexible purpose in his contest with tile British Government for the possession of New liuiiiea and the Oauieioons. JSettlemeiits in both those regions wt.uld have many physical conditions in their favor for being converted into depots of a flourishing commerce which are altogether wanting in the Caro line, Archipelago. These innumerable coial islets have a population which is £Uj.j-.osed not to exceed 28,000; yet sparsely inhabited as they are, the rocky homes become crowded, and the means of subsistence so scanty, that the poor islanders ofteu migrate in swarms to other groups wheie nature is more prodigal of her bounties. One or two of the islands ara covered, with forests, cluedy of fruit-trees, lutatUMiptstoiyisecereaUliai?repeatediy failed, and the character of the soil does not promise a rich return for the labors of German colonists. Plantains, oranges, and sweet potatoes will afford poor nourish ment to stomachs accustomed to substan tial meals of meat, sausage, aud sauer kraut ; while the inebriating lozenge pre pared from the sap of the areca palm will be an unpalatable substitute for copious draughts of lager beer. As a place of settlement the Caroline Archipelago has few physical characteristics to recommend it., as nidi the exception of some of the islands the whole cultivable portions of which if put together would not make a territory larger than the Isle of Wight, there is nothing but a long stretch, of sterile rocks. Encircling Kusaie, how ever, one of the principal islands of the group, at a distance of three miles from the shore, is a coral reef with seven openings forming a safe and convenient harbor for vessels of war, and this interesting feature in the report of Dr. Carl Semper, a Ger man professor who recently spent about a year in the Carolines, has probably not escaped the notice of Prince Bismarck. When the colonial responsibilities and the naval strength of Germany attain the measure of the Chancellor's conception, a safe anchorage and commodious arsenal in Polynesia will be a useful complement tv hi r means of maritime defence. Unfor tunately the span of huni.ui life is so short that the Imperial master whom Prince liismarck lias so long and faithfully served must soon pass from the scene, and with the death of the Emperor it is fully expected the potential supremacy of his able Chancellor will vanish, iietween Prince Bismarck and the Crown Prince there is no bond of sympathy, and their intercourse is notice able by observers mainly for its freezing civility of manner. The heir to the Inipciial throne docs not disguise his preference for the charms of English life and liberty to the problematical issues of a continued policy of blood and iron : he has no fancy for reckless intru sion on foreign fields which must neces sarily lead to international friction ; and when his aged father leaves tins world the colonisation scheme into which the (iitLusiasin of the German people lias never entered will l?e laid to rest, together with a few other ambitious pro jects engendered by the active brain and matured by the restless vigor of the most powerful European statesman of this age. In the meantime Spain has lodged hvr proU-st against the forcible seizure of places her title to which has never here tofoie been disputed. The Caroline lekimls take their name from a king of Sp:iin, to whose service the navigator who discovered them belonged, and who planted the flag of his sovereign on their shores. The commonest works on geo graphy published in various European languages during the last two hundred years liave included the Carolines in the lists ?f Spanish possessions, and the claim h:ts been asserted in official documents issued at Madrid, in which the territorial jurisdiction of then- Most Catholic Majes ties has been defined. No exception has bc?.-n taken to these proceedings, and no doubt raised as to the validity of the Spanish right to the sovereignty of the Caroline Islands. Without recourse to the customary lines of diplomacy, or calling in die agency of an international conference to discuss the merits of a claim which no one eke thought of questioning, Prince Bismarck assumes die authority to repudiate the inherited rights of the Spanish Crown. He has in formally notifying to foreign courts die occupation of the Carolines stated that die rights of Spain will be respected. What special purpose this diplomatic trick of language is intended to serve is not at once apparent. The right of Spain* to the Caroline Islands is as absolute as that of any othcrpArer to lands shnflaiiyacquired, and the occupation by Germany of any {?art of diem is a violation of the unwritten law by which states at peace with one another hold themselves bound. The places in dispute are in a state of woful neglect, and from what has been said before it may reasonably be inferred diat an expenditure for the purpose of fertilising and improving the Carolines would not be a very reproductive iuvest meiit. Nor would such a course be in keeping with die traditional colonising policy of Spain. The vicious system vi.:rii she lias pursued in the past has converted some of die finest and most fruitful spots on die earth into bowling deserts ; lias denuded vast districts, once i-niiliiig widi prosperity, of their indus trious iHipnlations, whose places have been filled by bands of outlaws and villains. The South American Republics bear witness to die failure of Spain as a colonising power, and to die shocking burlesque of freedom that may rise out of the ashes of Spanish despotism. Colo nists of the Anglo-Saxon race would rather have Germans for their neighbors than S{ uniards. Civilisation and culture must be benefited by contact with the arts, in telligence, and industry for which the Gt'iuiau nation is distinguished. Spain apjiears in a colonising move ment in her religious earnestness, her ecclesiastical assumption, and her gorgeous ceremonies of spiritual and civil pomp. She tiies to overawe die natural instincts of her inexperienced subjects by exciting the emotions and gaining control of their inclinations, and she generally succeeds. The dark volume of Spanish conquest is a terrible blot on die history of Christian rule and the diffusion of enlightened doctrines. The world would be none die worse if Spanish dominion could be ex tinguished and supplanted by German progress aud probity. But this is uot an aspect of die position which can justify a breach of international morality on die part of another power in violently wrest ing from her enfeebled hands posses sions which rightfully belong to her, as right is interpreted by political ecu nee. Spain lias neglected some of her de] tendencies, and so also have some vdier nations neglected theirs. Theludics of the Netherlands are distributed over a wide surface of the ocean, near to the locality of the Carolines ; aud Holland, rinding it difficult to superintend the trade of so extensive an area, desolated one island after another—burning and extir patiiig trees lvdoleut with die fragrance of delicious spices much prized all over the earth, in older diat she might have a monopoly of that branch of commerce in the islands which she still retained. Prince Bisuiarck would probably take these islands, practically abandoned by the Dutch, if he wanted diem, and it is quite within die range of fair speculation that he will take Holland itself if the dis appearance of die hist male heir of die House of Orange gives him the oppor tunity of raising die cry of a I'uited Ger many to die exclusion from die thnme of the little gii-1 who has a right to succeed. Something more tlian the loud laugh of derision with which Prince Bismarck affects to dispose of what he is pleased to denominate the obsolete claims of Spain is necessary to make the transfer of the Caroline Islands to Germany a trans action consistent with the recognised principles of international law. To allow such a high-hauded step to pass unre buked by tlie conscience of independent European States would be to ignore the formal acts by which most Government's ori^ii.ally established their power over their foieigu possessions, aud to sanction the intnioial precedent of spoliation by the strong hand for tlie sole purpose of p? nioiins; the designs of ambitious aud uu suti} ulous patriotism. In tlie House of Assembly on Thursday nuv question on the notice|>aper lapsed owiilg to tiie absence when tbe questions were cailtu they stood. The Government business was therefore proceeded with almost directly after the Bouse assembled. The Public Library Bill was read a third tiiue aud iiassed. Tlie Crown Lauds Atuendiuent Biil brought out a debate, in which Mcsms. I'layfuvtl, Beigletiole, Unfed, si'-d Moody tc*>k I'xrt. Ou the whuie thi~t Ji-'B. n^tt.fecis api?t?rn:3 ti be of ?iiiui-ta , that the Bill was in itself dewrable, but they recognised the necessity Cor the introduction of a consolidating meuuic ?t an early date* The debate" was adjourned on tite motion of Mr. Motile. The Young Women's Pro tection Bill at last reached its second reading, and got into tie comparatively smooth waters cf committee with safety. Mesas. Catt, Clyde, and londseer contribnted their quota to the discussion on the BilJ, and tbe Minister of Education, replying, spoke in generally ap preciative terms of the various criticisms which bad been passed on tbe measure, aadL promised that they should have every con sideration in committee. Both Mr Gottaad Mr. Giyde were very happy in the style ia which they treated a subject which requires very delicate handling, and Mr. liandseer'a remarks were stamped with the hall mark of common sense. The Weights and Measures Bill and the Oaths Abolition Bill were re spectively read for the second and third time. The Commissioner of Crown Lands moved tha second reading' of a Bill for the protection of vines from various pests, and the debate was adjourned on the motion Howe laid on the table something which looked like a model in cardboard of the Ro3se tele scone, but proved on examination to be some plans of experiments in connection with the conservation of water. The Souse adjourned about C p.m. till Tuesday next. In the House of Assembly on Toes day next Mr. Fox will ask the Treasurer whether it is the intention of die Go vernment to adopt the scheme in force tv the United Kingdom for receiving: de posits at the Savings Bank of the value of Is. by means of twelve postage stamps affixed to cards specially issued for the purpose. According to a return called for by Mr. Kees, which was laid before the Assembly on Thursday, the total cost of the Architect-in- Chief s department from July L 1882, to Jane 30, 1885, was £30,538 Bs. 7d. TJusinclndes expenditure on travelling expenses, clerks cf works, foremen's salaries, overtime, &c; A return to the order of the House of Assembly, on themotion of Me. Bees, was laid before the House on Thursday, showing (hat the total expenditure on the ventilation of the House of Assembly since the new system was adopted amounted to £373 U>. 7d. The firms interested in the work were Messrs. W. V. Cray & Co., F. George, C. A. Smith & Sous, and Thomas Shadand, by whom the necessary labor and materials were supplied.' The Orient line steamer Garonne passed Cape Boida at half-past 7 o'clock last night, and reached the Semaphoreeariy this morning. The president of the Marine Board has re ceived information from Albany that H.M.S. steam corvette Opal, 2,190 sip., sailed on Thursday from that pott for Adelaide. A number of men were dispatched on Thurs day morning by the Conservator of Water to the Blackrock Plains, where they wQI be em ployed on reservoir works. Another batch is to be sent away to Hergott Springs. The number of entries for the literary com petition in connection with the Idterary Kocitties'Union isas follows: —For elocution, 23; for extempore speaking, 21; essays, 17; and pouns, 19. The steamer Gob Boy, which sailed from Adelaide on August 11 for Western Australia, arrived at Albany at 2 pjn. on Thursday after a passage of nine days. She had a terribly rough voyage round. The candidates chosen to represent the Ken sington Toung Men's Society at the forth coming literary competition are Mr. \V. G. F. lieask for elocution, and Mr. Thos. Moore fur extempore speaking. The death is announced of Mrs. Kinder mann, wife of Mr. Kindermann, confectioner, of Rundle-street, after a severe illness. Mrs. Kindermann was a colonist of many years, and was naturally well known to a large number of citizens from her connection with the Rundle street business. Mr. E. Cameron, of £apund*, has com pleted twenty more of the 130 tail way trucks which he is constructing to the order of the South Australian Government. They were subjected to the usual strict scrutiny by the Go vernment inspectors, and delivery was taken on Tuesday sod Wednesday this week. Fifty have now been delivered. Our shipping reporter states that during the passage of the steamer Emu from Melbourne a bit of sharp practice was performed by a mer chant who had shipped some tobacco in Mel bourne to be landed at Kingston. He pot the tobacco on shore at MacDonnell Bay, and it for a coastwise voyage, and thus saved pay ing the increased duties. At a meeting of directors of the Maybell Silver Mining Company (Limited) held on Wednesday it was resolved that a dividend of Cd. per share be declared, payable on the Ist September, amounting to £1,000. En addition to £431 w?i?i?iiing to the credit of the company there axe, we are informed, 2li tons of ore in end on the way to London, which gives aa estimated value by bulk assay of £2,455. The following shows the number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday. August 15:—Births-U3 males, 113 females; deaths— 41 males, 31 females; total —Hi births, 73 deaths. Excess of births, 155. Fur the district of Adelaide.—Births—2s m?i M , 33 females; deaths—lS males. 13 females ; total— 58 births, 30 deaths. Excess of births, 23. Having regard to the facts that cholera is raging on the continent of Europe, that small pox and dengue fever are not altogether un known at present, and that either of these diseases may come here on board ship at any time, Dr. Toll, the health officer, has arranged to be in immediate attendance should his ser vices be required, and the assistant health officer being connected with him by tele phone no unnecessary delay will occur. In reference to the letter of Mr. W. S. Hill ?n " The police force in the Northern Terri tory," which appeared in Thursday's issue, the Coirmissioner of Police entirely repudiates having given any authority for the paragraph reading thns:—*'lt has always been a source of wonder to everybody, and especially to ths Commissioner of Police, why men rarely remain in the service long after their arrival them"* {i.e., in the Territory). He states that this allegation is entirely unauthorised by him. A committee meeting of the Reserved Rifle Club was held at the Military Club on Thursday. Present—Regimental Veterinary Surgeon Chata-in (presiding), Color-Sergeant Hopkins, Privates Muirhead, Young, and White, and the secretary (Corporal Heylen). Hie secretary reported the receipt of a guinea from Mr. J. Fisher towards the prize fund; also a pair of vases from Messrs. Marshall and Co., and a clock from Mr. A. Cunningham. It \vae resolved that the first grand com petition be held on September 1 instead of the sth as previously arranged, on account of the military sports being held on that day. Tee members were then classified, and the meeting adjourned till Tuesday next. The weekly meeting in connection with the eight hours celebration was held on Wednes day evening at the Bristol Tavern, Frankhn fctreet, Mr. A. A. Kirkpatrick presiding. The report of the sports secretary (Mr. Jones) showed that nearly everything was ready for September L The secretary of the band and banner con jcittee (Mr. Dans) reported that tucb progress had been made as to give promise il-at the procession would be a thorough success. The canvassing secretary reported tlat tbe support received from the public had far exceeded tbeir expectations. Suggestions were made relative to allowing horses and traps in the ground on the day of the celebration, ar.d it was resolved that the matter should be left in the hands of the executive. The meeting adjourned for a week. We have received a plan showing the altera tions proposed to be made in the disposal of the |?rk lauds in connection with the pro jected Jubilee .Exhibition. These include about 18.\ azres for exhibition purposes ; about ten acies proposed to be added to the Botanic Gardens, being the site of the present Exhibition building and the giounde; about three acres of tbe Botanic Paik proposed to be added to the Zoological Gardens ; and about four acres of Govtriiiuent reserre which it is proposed fe> exchange with the corporation for land to be uted for exhibition purposes. The plan als* indicates the projected railway f torn tbe station to the Exhibition building-, and the intended cairiage diive connecting King William-road and Frcuie-roatL A meeting of tbe committee of the Chamber of Commerce was held ou Wednesday. Pres*nt-M<*srs. H. C. K. Muecke, George Bobtht-v, John lormby, S. IX Glyde, and H. \v~ Phillips. With reference to bonded certificates, tbe Attorney-General acknow ledged ltfifil* ?f a copy of the Victorian Act, to wLich the certificate is via.de proof of Givnei&liip.; The proof of arbitration bonds, with the -uggtsted alterations, was considered by tbe ctm.uuttte, and a slight addition sug gested. Tlie secretary ?as subtracted to call a special general meeting fir tbe purpose- of ncuiinating a member of tb* Marine Board in the rixiui of tite chairman (Mr. H. C. E Muucke), retuiug—who signified that he was piepaiep to vSer himself again—to be held on Wt d ut*day, September 2. The proposed tariff iva*> discussta at some length, when it was con sidered vuy desirable thai the members of the chamber sfcouid have au opportunity of dU cue.-iiig its pixivbu-us, aud the secretary was int.tri.cUd to call a special general meeting for next Wtdtesday fi? Siiat purpose. A general meeting oi the S.iv*h Australiaa Cauavy aud l'igum Society was held at kaa Rechabite Hall, Grote street, un Wednesday evening. Theie were ab?i;t fatty members l??.:ei.t. Tut i>n*ideut (Mr. i. Bertram) pre sided. Tbe t*cn-taiy le^rnted that th? society wt-uld Liable tv bl?.u a small bsLuioe b> their credit. iirVtutetJi ? eu- uieuibvrs have joine4 th:= yt?r. Hii>?vii4r tltst the s?icty is lapiii? increasing. The prizes, which were distributed by the president, consisted of some very nice trophies presented by Messrs. McLean Bros., Bier & Co.. A. la. Bnmkhorst, Stephenson ffi, H. i Chipn, WT. & T. Kho^A. XJunningham, W. Hooper, Anderson & Gill, ?2nd Eevenl other gentlemen, and the prize money to the value of about £50. Mr. D. Towers was elected one of the committee in place of Mr. Bissett. It was proposed by Mr. Green, that the society hare a show of young birds in January, but after some discussion it was left to the committee to decide. Votes of thanks were passed to the judges at the recent chow; to Mr. J. A. Shugg for kindly lending a collection of pot plants for the show; to the president, hon. treasurer, hon. secretary, and the rhuirmim This week's Government Gazette contains a return of land sold and cash recived during the month of July. The area of land sold for cash was 261 acres, which realised £581 6i M., while the credit sales amounted to £30,829 4*. 9d. t the area of land purchased being 28.334 acres. One grand total of land sold on cash and creditamounted to 28,334 acres, for which £30,829 4s. 9d. was bid. The newly- opened country lands submitted covered an area of 18,632 acres, and realised £18,707125. The grand total pay ments on account of land daring the month amounted to £12,979 7s. 4cL, of which the follow ing are particulars:—Completion of purchase of 6,889} acres, under Act 14 of JS6S-9, &c;, £7,101 Is. Gd.; payment of one-fourth pur chase-money, £191 5a.: payment of half-pur chase-money, £467 45.; Payment of deposit (10 per cent.) on account of purchase-money, Acts 275/82 nod 318/84, £3,008 9s. Gd.; second instal ment of interest, £fll; extension of credit for purchase-money, £907 lls. lid.; extension of credit for three-fourths of purchase-money, £120 Bs. 6d. ; extension of credit for half-pur chase-money, £42 os. 3d.; interest on overdue amounts, £74 17s. 7d.; amounts received on account of cash sales, £1)15 9s. Id. The amount received for improvements was £230 16s. 9d. The total area of land leased during the m< >nth was 313,943 acres, the annual rental being £2,687 Bs. 6d. A well attended public meeting to consider Hie proposed deviation of the Main Eastern road was held at the East Torrens Hotel, Magili, on Thursday evening, the Hon. A. Is. Murray, MJJ.C, being in the chair. Apolo gies for non-attendance were received from the member? for the district and other members of Parliament. It was stated that the road at present was in a very unsatisfactory state, and that the gradients were exceedingly steep and consequently dangerous. Owing to the in creasing traffic the road got very mncb cat up, and toe danger was naturally increased. Sir. W. AfMyhmit moved—"That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable to urge upon the Government the absolute necessity of placing upon tie Supplementary Estimates the necessary stun for the completion of the surveyed deviation to Norton's Summit of the Main Eastern-road." The money required for the completion of the work would considerably benefit MagQl and the neighborhood, and he spoke of the advantages to be reaped by pro perty-holders in the hills were the work carried out. The road was much used by market gardeners, and WEregreater facilities for traffic offered it would be the means of mnrwagiiw the number of residents hi the neighborhood. The Main Eastern-road was one of the high ways for the carriage of fruit and vegetables to the city, and the time had now arrived when it was absolutely necessary to have the proposed deviation. Mr. P. Anld seconded. Other speakers followed in tile same strain, and it was contended that in the present time of depression the work would be a most oppor tune one, inasmuch as it would find employ ment for a large number of men. Mr. S. Solomon moved—"That a memorial be pre pared and signed by all present and other ratepayers in die various districts affected by the deviation proposed, and presented to the Commissionet of Public Works as early as possible with a view to carry out tile foregoing resolution." The motion was seconded and carried unanimously. A committee having been appointed to draw up the memorial and obtain signatures for the same, the proceedings tPiininatfd with the usual votes of rii*.nlm. A deep-laid plan to steal a mob of sheep from Mr. J. W. Daw's MarblevOle paddocks near Kapunda has just been frustrated by an acci dental occurrence which the thief did not calcu late upon. The suspected culprit is a person who was in the employ of Mr. Daw some ynnyj^hg ago, and consequently knew the pad docke very well, and where the keys wore kept. He was seen in Kapunda a week previous to the theft. On Tuesday afternoon he went to the paddock in which the sheep were running, and drove ninety-seven of them out of the gate. About ten days before he had hired trucks at the railway-station to convey the stolen sheep to AfigWiri.., go from tins it will be seen that his plans were laid, and he was only awaiting his opportunity. It is presumed that the thief kept *ii* flb?ep on tiie road some considerable time, and during Tuesday night drove them to the railway yard and put them in the tracks hhnself, as when the station hands came on Wednesday morning the sheep were all ready to be dispatched by the early train. They were consigned to North Adelaide, presumably to an rfiiiTT'plififti Unfortunately for the success of the plot Mr. Albert Daw happened to be going to town by the same train, Mid just prior to starting from Kapunda thought lie recognised the sheep. He had so time, however, to investigate, but at Gawler he inspected them closer, and decided to return to Kapunda, where by this tone the cheep bad been mhsed. and information was given to the police. The thief bad been travel ling in the same train, but finwmnmg danger be decamped. On arriving at North Adelaide the person to whom the sheep woe consigned did not turn up, or at any rate did not claim them, and it is supposed that when his prin cipal did not put in an appeuance he also decamped. The police took charge of the cheep, which have since been identified and returned to Mr. Daw. The thieTa intention was evidently to get the sheep to the Adelaide market, where, had things gone as he wished them, they would have been sold, and be would have appropriated the proceeds. A warrant has been issued tor his arrest, but he haa not yet been captured. The monthly meeting of the committee of the City Mission took place on Wednesday. There were present—Mr. J. M. Dowie (in the chair), the Key. F, W. Cox and Mr. J. Scott (bon. secretaries), Mr. J. J. Green (hon. treasurer), Sevs. J. Abbott, H. Honey, B. K. Finlayaon, Dr. Robertson, Messrs. W. Gilbert, J. Steele, B. Hopkins, 6. Stace, D. Nock, Knox, Adam eon. The secretary reported that the sub committee appointed to fa^p into considera tion suggestions offered for the improvement of the tegular income of the mission funds, also to reconstruct the list of committee to be sub mitted to the ??inii*i public meeting and arrange for holding that meeting, had overtaken the duties assigned to it; +*"?* the public meeting had been held, attended by much pleasurable interest; that the list of committee for the year had been completed, with the addition of representatives of several of the churches not hitherto represented and that the suggestions for improving the income would be given effect to by the executive as far as practicable. The treasurer reported that as the result of the large special donations from the member* of committee and other generous donors, he bad been enabled to reduce the for midable debt with which the institution had been burdened to the sum of £17 when closing the year's accounts, and to extinguish this balance generous friends had since sent special donations through the Bey. Mr. Cox. Several letters affecting the inte rests of the mission were remitted to a sub- committee to consider and report on, and it was further requested to look into several tn?*terff with a view to the improved working of the mission's operations. The attention of the committee was called to a letter which appeared last week in the Register, signed "Edina," reflecting on the action of the com mittee in reducing the salaries of its agents. Regret was expressed that the writer had not obtained correct information on the matter before writing his ill-advised letter, which from its seventy and inaccuracy is fitted to damage an institution which be professed to respect. The gospel temperance demonstration con ducted by Dr. Guinness was held in the Tojrn Hall on Thursday evening and passed off suc cessfully, addresses being given by several gentlemen, which were attentively listened to. Afterwards ? meeting for men only was held in the banqueting-room. Athletes were especially asked to be present, and the invitation was cordially responded to, there being a number of wheelmen, boatmen, cricketers, footballers, &c;, in the audience. Dr. Guinness said he had called them together to talk to them on the subject of true manhood. Gathered round him he said he had the (frit, the muscle, and the bone, and why should they not have that purity that stamped the true man ? fie spoke on the subject of social purity with vigor, pointing out in forcible language the tprriMn consequences of leading immoral lives. "Nature never forgave or foqjot." Yean ago be had beard those words uttered, and could not comprehend their exact moaning fie bad learned since, and they were as true as heaven itself. He could from his own knowledge speak of the misery and suffering handed down from those guilty of indiscretion to their children and their children's children, who were irre trievably ruined as far as their bodies were concerned. He had been deeply pained on coming to the colony to learn of the im moralities of the city, and he fervently prayed that men would forsake vicious habits, and that a healthier spirit would soon be manifested in society. In the colony were many noble men whose examples ought to produce good results. But he would say that many of our legislators occupying high official and social positions, who were t&Hlrmg; down in then- sin and fim?;n<wn>, should not bold the offices they now filled. Vociferous applause greeted thin statement, imri m ifrralwiilnnoJthp doctor returned to the subject, speaking with great vphrmence. He asked ins bearers to I take up Christianity. What if young men said there were a lot of milksops in the church ? Let them reply there were just as many out of it. What if they attended church and eat next to hypocrites? There were just as many hypocrites in the world, and he could assure them that when they stood before the high throne the hypocrite would be unmasked. He wished to gather in all the athletes—men of stamina —so that they could fight the Master's battles and conquer. In this connection he alluded to two friends of his, young men and wealthy, who not long since left London to join Mr. Hudson Taylor's inland mission in China. He referred to C. T. Studd, 8.A., the captain of the Cambridge Eleven, and Stanley P. Smith, 15. A., stroke of the Cam bridge Eight, whom he had always felt a pleasure in listening to. The address was cha racterised by eloquence of a lugh order, and when Dr. Guinness called on those.vvho acknow ledged their Master to stand up the audience rose en masse. Dr. Guinness placed himself en rapport with his listeners, and his soul stirring words produced a marked effect on them. A concert was given hi the institute hall, Hindmar?h, on Friday evening, under the patronage of ttrigadiei-General Owen, the officers of the V.M.F., and the mayor and local town council, in aid of the widow and family of the late Private Clark, of V. Com pany, Adelaide Rifles. There was alarge attendance, and a capital programme was submitted. The item in which s|tecial interest centred was the performance <if "Sing, sweet bird" (Ganz), by Miss Uessie Royal, which was excellently rendered, and an imperative encore was demanded and acknowledged. Later on the same lady took part in a comic duet ; with Lieutenant Fowler, "When a little farm me keep." Both vocalists acquitted themselves well, and were awarded a recall, which was responded to. The "Mimics I of the orchestra," by Mr. K. Menz, was effec tively done, and a repetition demanded. The baritone solo, "Still is the night" (Abt), was done justice to by Mr. E. Behmdt. Lieu tenant Kennedy was also successful with the ever-welcome song, "The sexton.*' Two unac companied quartets were gives by members af the Adelaide Quartet Verein, Messrs. Men?, E. and A. Bebrndt and Niesche, which were well received. Lieutenant Davidson sang "The death of Kelson." "The village black smith" was given by Private Budge, and Sergeant Tredrea essayed " Home once again." Scigeaat Duggin's contribution consisted of a humorous song, which was of such a character as necessitated a recall. A clarionet duet by Messrs. R. Trembath and C. Hodder evoked applause. Mr. De Vere was quite amusing with his ventriloqual diversions. The brothers Thomson gave exhibitions of Scotch dancing, and performed s sailor's hornpipe in capital style, lteview drill in review order was gone through by members of G Company, and Sergeants McKenzje, Field, Clifford, and Bell gave displays of single- stick. The accompanist was Mr. C. W. Summerhayes; Mr. A. McDonald was the piper. There was another crowded house at the Academy of Music on Thursday evening to witness the repetition of "Les Cloches dcs Corneville." Captain Peuch and several officers of the French warship Magon were present. The performance was a very success ful one, and the leading artists were warmly applauded. The piece will be repeated tonight for the last time. To-morrow night "The Little Duke" will be presented. ! On Thursday evening an entertainment was held in St. Paul's schoolroom. Flinders-street. Dean Russell presided over a crowded audience. Among the best items on the programme were a recitation. "The Raven," by Mr. A. J. Roberts, and a reading, 'Betsy and I are out," by Mr. T. A. Caterer. Several gentle men cave Shakespearian readings. Miss Dixon was heard to advantage in her song, " Kil lamey," and Mr. Hillary was encored for his humorous song, "An awful little scrub." Mr. E. J. Warhur&t; ably presided at the piano. The opera of " The Grand Duchess" was re peated at the Theatre Royal on Thursday night by Mr. Harry Stanley's Liliputian Company, who gained the frequent plaudits of the auditory, and will perform the opera for the last time at the Theatre Royal this evening. The management announce that they have made arrangements with Mr. Stanley for three performances to be given by his company at the Port Adelaide Town Hall. Mr. George Darrell and bis " Sunny South" company will arrive by the Adelaide from Melbourne this morning, accompanied by Mr. Jas Allison. A successful sale of work and an exhibition in connection with the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin-street, were opened on Tuesday, and closed late on Wednes day evening. The stalls were presided over by the following ladies:—Mesdames (iratton, Dawson, Warming, Duckmanton, Gyles, Lee, Pascoe, Chesterfield, Ferrew, Bagshaw, Thackray, Clancy, and Mellor, the Misses Nelson, Appleby, Lyons, Gratton, Bacshaw, Warming, Tun-stall, and Dearden. Mr. H. E. Packendorff kindly lent a powerful microscope and a graphoscope, Mr. Strappe, of Goodwood, lent some excellent carvings in wood, Mr. Tyson gave a series of magic lantern exhibitions. An art gallery occasioned con siderable amusement. The greatest novelty perhaps was a fish-pond, which yielded con siderable pleasure and profit. 1 luring the sale £53 was taken. A concert in aid of the local poor fund was given, in the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Thursday evening. The entertainment was got up by Mr. L. M. Tier, who worked very hard to make the concert a success. The at tendance was not large, but those present showed their appreciation of the performance by frequent applause. After a piano and violin overture had been played by Messrs. RogersonandPye,the Rev. Canon Green made a few remarks, in the course of which he Ktatrd that he was pleased to see the liberal way in which the donations and subscrijitionsforthe fund had flowed in. They owed the hearty thanks to Mr. Tier for getting up the enter tainment. This was only one instance of the way in which Mr. Tier had o>me forward to render assistance. Mr. McFarlane then >ang " The bugler;" after which Miss E. Williams, whose good singing qualities are locally known, vere pleasantly rendered " The ttuve old maids of Lee." Professor Denbohn then amused the audience with a (Scotch dance, which was most admirably performed. Mr. G. Bishop contributed a comic song, for which he was loudly applauded, and had to respond to an encore, when he sang "Oh, Maria.'' "It was a dream" was sung by Miss Nellie Peel. " The drrakard's lone child" by Miss Ada Filsell, and "Jessie, the flower of Dunblane." by Mr. D. Eunson, all of which, especially Mias Filsell, rendered their numbers very nicely. Mr. Percy Alstyne followed with a recitation, "Progress of madness," which was clearly giyen. After a short intermission an overture, "Marche aux Flambeaux,'' was given by Messrs. Rogerson and J'ye: Mr. G. Filsell eang " The outlaw," and Mr. Harrison danced a "sailor's* hornpipe." The latter gentl<-man was loudly applauded and had to respond. Mies Nellie Peel then sang the ballad, " Away through the woods :'" and Herr Knick followed with the rendition of "The bridge" (Long fellow). Mr. L. M. Tier, who is pretty well known as a good comic singer, gave Miss Brady's " Piano-fort-tay," to which he had to respond, and sang "The chap that Fpouts." Mr. Pye having contributed "Tue little hero," the entertainment was brought to a conclusion with the farce of " A Ghost in a Pawnshop," the characters being sustained as follows: —Mr. Goldsmith, Mr. <:. Bishop; Jake, Mr. .1. Veasey; office boy, Mr. L. M. Tier; and policemen, Mr. G. FilselL Mr. J. XV. Channon acted as accompanist, and Mr. Pye also officiated at the piano. The Southern Star Band played several pieces before the concert commenced. Wallialla Bros.Circus wiU peifonu at North"Ade laide this evening. I A concert by the Adelaide English Glee Society will be given iv the V.M.C.A. Hall this evening. A Blue Biljbon demonstration will take place in the Dreper Memorial Lecture-ball this c* eniiig. Dr. Walpolej! will lecture on "The eye," at tbc Adelaide Children's Hospital this afternoon. A farewell tea meetiu? to Dr. H. G. Guinness will 1 take piace iv the Carroudoun Uaplist Cliurch this evening. An adjourned meeting of the Photographic Society : will be held at Mr. A. Flerttaub's office, lreetnan street, this evening. A musical entertainment, to conclude with the eoiuic opera " Trial by Jury," will lie given in the Unley Town Hall this evening. A sacred concert wfll be piven in the North Adelaide Congregational Church this evening, when A. B. Gaul's cantata "Ruth" will be performed for the first time in South Australia. tS" Russia : Wiiat She Is, and What She Means, by V. A. SaU. See Christian CoUminl of this ?eek. A lot of othermteiestiug matter. From News Agenta, or at the Office, Barnard Chambers, Currie -street. 233-4 SSF Mr. James H. Parr v ishes to call special attention of the Medical Profession, Chemists and others to his Sale This Evening, at 5 o'clock, in the Residence of the late Dr. Charles Gogee, North-ter race, of Surgical Instruments, Surfer \ Furniture and Fittings. There are (fcrasaads ?k? are at this moment languishing under long-continued disease who are making tittle or no effort to regain that health which they so highly esteem. To all such we wish to say a word, viz.—lv BRISTOL'S BARSA PABILLA AND PILLS you have a remedy just as certain to cure you if taken as directed as that the sunshines. ' 233&241 Threat MrwUmttmmn ??* ?iirwifii.-AU tattering from irritations of the throat and hoftneneu Kill be agreeably surprised at the *?'?"""*?? immediate relief afforded by the use of "Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous "lozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemist! in this country at Is. lid. per box. People troubled with ?"backingcough," or "alight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, ? similar troubles, if allowed to pro gress, remit in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic afffcMnns. Bee that the words "Brawn's Bronchial Troches" are on the Government stamp around each box.—Prepared by Jobs L. B?owk ft Bos, Boston, V.3. European Depot, S3, FM-ringdon-road, London. 