NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. In the Assembly last night, the debate on the address in reply was resumed on the Govern ment side by Mr. Wilkinson in a speech well garnished with pointed facts, which, in the hands of an eloquent speaker, might have been driven home with telling effect. Mr. Wilkinson, aowever, suffers from Mark Antony s defect — ha is not an orator. The Ministerial programme had his hearty concurrence as far it went, but he would have liked it bettor had it gone far ther in its provisions. Like the amiable Miss Brass, Mr. Wilkinson must bo " in a decidedly working humor" this session if there is not enough in the present bill of fare to appeaso bis legislative appatite. Mo6t members find that there is ranch more than onongh ; at all events, much more than they dream of being able to cope with. A declaration of war against tho rabbit is what ho chiefly misses irom tho programme. Bonny, however, most be let rest for a while, as his enemies have now to enter upon a deadly straggle against each other for political existence. Ifct us hopo that when the battle is., over, Mr. Wilkinson will not be found amongst the slain. "The Government has been in office, long enough," said Mr. Bnrdekin from the other side of the House. Having said so much, Mr. Bnr dekin might very advantageously have given np the ghost. It was about all he had to say, and the gnileless simplicity of that highly or thodox Opposition sentiment was not improved by the rather wearisome paraphrase which con stituted the rest of his speech. Bat his remarks on the Local Government Bill, although neither eloquent nor profound, were nevertheless 'in a certain sense instructive. They revealed a good denl of Mr. Bnrdekin with the veneer off. He wus afraid that local government was synonymous with local taxation. It might even bring in its trail that incubns of Mr. Burdekin's dreams — a property-tax. Even the anticipated pinch of that shoo causes him to sing oat. Will tho working-men of Ea?l Sydney again sympathise with him in his characteristic agony ? Mr. Young and Mr. Goold both scored off the Government on the question of withdrawing the late projected loan. Mr. Dibbs fairly winced' under their remarks, and his continued inter ruptions showed how keenly they 6tung. A very serious indictment ought to lie ngainst the Government for the bunglo they made of this very important matter. Between them, their Agent-G eaeral, and a Lou,:.. a ring of stock brokers, the financial credit u: the colony has not been at all improved daring the past few months. Somebody blun dered. If the Agent- General i3 solely respon sible for the/asco, how is it that he is still in the enjoyment of their confidence. It is a pity that Eonie definite information upon this point wns not pressed for. "Please, sir, it was tho other boy," is not the sort of explanation which the country will rest satisfied with. Jtr. William Clarke let in a little professional light upon the loan. As one of our leading financiers, with a full knowledge of ail tho tricks of the trade, hia explanation of the bungle was more than ordinarily interesting. Mr. Clarke shunts the whole biamc on to the ring of London stockbrokers. Now that he has told -us how it was done the plan seems simple enough. Thoy only had to bribo tlio London press to frighten tho world by n report that the Russians meant to havo Zitlfi- flcar and scare the colony incontinently out of the market. And Mr. Clarke solemnly assures us that they did it. Of course, Sir Saul Samuel had no chance amongst men of such stupendous resources. If wo had had Mr. Clarke in his place, now, how different everything would turn out. We wonld have had our five and a half millions, nnd Mr. Dibbs would have had peace of mind. The press of England would huve been howled out in an iufainons conspiracy to iujuro New South Wales and Mr. Clarke been enabled to pose before the world as a glorious example of virtue triuraphunt over villany. Jtr. Clarke, by the way, is a very fair speaker, only his voice seems to want oiling. Everybody in the Chamber was interested whilo the Treasurer was replying to the ex- Premier. Tho ntinosphere was decidedly elec tric, and human nature likes electric atmos pheres. Mr. Dibbs on his feet, witli a political audience around him, is a strong personality. He is an aggressivo combination of brains, courago and cxcitablo passion. It is not in ids controlling qualities to shirk a fight. But there is one concession which the houorabiu gentleman ought to make to his opponents. Ho is one of the most provocative debaters in the House, and yet ho is continually appealing against the in terruptions of which he should bo proud. Mr. BurJckiu would give his square, or Mr. liurdett Smith would surrender his,C.M.G. ambition, if he could .secure in exohanoe Mr. Dibbs'n iriit nf putting the Assembly into a highly nervous state- in 39 seconds. All tho human nature within speaking distance seems to subside into mere flesh the moment the comparatively brain less orators begin to wag their tongues. Mind disappears from the premises in the twinkling of an eye. Jlr. Dibbs devoted'tho greater part of a short speech to a defence of tho Governor against what he affirmed to be " a coarse and brutal attack." Have the relations between Sir llenrv and Government House become strained? Lord Augustus Loftus i3 an "eminent personage," and therefore wo might have expected that a very close and mntua'.ly admiring friendship wouldsubsist between the ex -diplomatist and the ex-Prcmier. And at first the friendship seemed to be n-ripening fast. Somehow oar memory holds tho picture of Sir Henry as a frequent occupant of tho Governor's carriage. But it may be admitted that the social past should not obstmct tho political future. The plain English of tho situation is that the "old man eloquent " is aiming at another term of place, powor, and pay, nnd is not at all unlikely to achieve ids aim ; nnd if rongh criticism of the Governor will help him along — well, this is a democratic country. What Sir Henry Parke3 said last night ahont our present Governor is compliment itself in comparison with what Sir .Tames Martin i3 alleged to have printed about a former occu pant of the same exalted ofiice. Truth is truth after nil, and perhaps some truth was spoken la3t night that cannot be disproved. But manners ns well as morals havo their place in Parliament. Tho member's prefix of honorable should signify that he is a gentleman, Mr. Cameron has been an officer of the Honse) and wc hopo will be ouc again. We submit that an ex-Chairman of Committees should not Uing epithets at the Governor from the safe shelter of tho Assembly which he would uot dare to use in his Excellency's presence. It should go without saying that tlio Queen or her repre sentative is entitled to courteous mention in any legislature in the Empire. Yet these uro phrases that dropped ;from Mr. Cameron's lips while Mr. Dibbs was on his feet : — " It was like his ignorance and impudence" ; " another proof of his ignorance" ; "ho knows more about JIuscovy ducks than politics." No courage is necessary to this. sort of thing. It is insult, not argument. Ono of the interjections showered upon tho Treasurer was a happy hit. The honorable gentleman was defending the Governor's en dorsement of tlio Soudan expedition; and triumphantly referred to tho figures in the divi sion in the Soudan session. "We've got the figures of this House," ho cried. Quick as lightning camo'the retort, " But you haven't got the figures of the Houso'a masters !" Mr. Dibb3 had his revenge later on when lie quoted from Sir Henry's speech in defence of Sir Hercules Robinson's "courage nnd clearness" in the Gardiner case. When Jtr. Dibbs began to quote Sir Henry against Sir Henry it was worth whilo to note the expression on Sir Henry's face. lie has been quoted against himself more fre quently than any other public man in Aus" tralia, and he was evidently as curious as anybody else to learn what was this latest de velopment of his own incdnsistency. Half-past 10 o'clock. No chance left of a full report in tho morning papers. Therefore Mr. Sydney Smith followed Jlr. Dibbs. It is all the samo to tho nowspapors at what hour Mr.- Sydney Smith empties the House. Probably Mr. Garrett will make the real reply to Mr Dibbs, and as Mr. Smith must speak in ovory dobuto, it was just as woll that he talked out time last night. " I think tho Government has douo wrong," was his text, and though ho, no doubt, meant tho Government in general, he took ' pains to make it Clearly understood that 'ho particularly meant Jlr. Wright, who good-huinoredly came into tho Chamber for tho purpose of giving tiie orator an enemy to talk at. And how he does tnlk 1 Hia attitudes be- ' come more and more angular as his earnestness grows upon him in tho, heat of his eloquence. At the slightest encouragement from any of his hearers— and the Honso is not destitute of wags— his voice gathors power, and the critic in tho gallery fools the mexprcssiveness of more type to faithfully transmit Mr. Sydney Smith's contribution to a dobate. . 