?l!mLAOT..#.!lHB.Gp^ , xLEECfi. TVV mttYRftf! AT7OUSTA SAL A. IV.-SYDNEY IN A DREAM. I venture to believe that by this time 1 know my way pretty well about the metro polis of New South Wales, the mother colony of Australia, for the dna celebration of whose lentenary three years hence or so the pre liminaries are already being discussed. [ muBt freely confess, however, that during the three or four days which I Bpent here in March last, after landing from the Australia, I beheld only Sydney, as it were, in a dream. I was not entirely my own master. You rarely are your own ma3ter in this remarkable country, where the first thought of the hospitable and kind-hearted citizenBj is to Beize upon the newly- arrived stranger, hoist him into a buggy or a wago nette, 'drive him ont of his mind,' feast him, drink his health in Moet and Chandon or Pommery and Greno, and then devote themselves to steady speechmaking. I was for the whole of my earliest stay continuously ia i mental whirlwind— an intellectual cyclone. [ was rattled from place to place, from :lub to club, from hall to hall, from house to house ; I shook hands with scores of kind friends whom I had aever Been before. In fine, a'l my waking hours at Sydney seemed to be one brilliant but chaotic trance. It was only, paradoxical as may appear the statement, when I was asleep and really dreaming that things in general assumed a comparatively tangible and coherent aspect. Those four honre in New Zealand of which [ spoke in my last passed away bat too quickly, and would have been mainly of the nature of a dream, chequered with rare lucid intervals in which Pommery and Greno or Moet and Chandon— stay, I think it must have been Heidsieck's dry Monopole — mag- Qurrs, followed by steady speechmaking, played conspicuous parts, but for the Eact that our rapid excursion over hill and down dale comprised a drive to the edge of the crater of Mount Eden, an extinct volcano overhanging the City of Auckland at about the distance of a mile therefrom. The view from Mount Eden is enchantingly beautiful, and it is while you are feasting your eyes on the marvellous scenery spread out below— on the green isthmus separating the seas which wash the east and west coasts of the island— the landscape dotted with volcanic cone«, of which the subterranean fires have long since been quenched — that you begin to understand why Auckland has been called the Corinth of the South. Bnt another and stranger thought came over me as I looked down on the harbour full of great ships and all manner of seagoing craft, and on the emerald hillsides spangled, as a meadow with daisies, with houses gleaming bright in the afternoon sunshine. The whole prospect Beemed laughing and eloquent of peace and happiness and busy prosperity, and then I bethought me of the pretty story of Cook's first arrival told by the natives to Mr. Polack in 1836 : ' They took the ship at first for a gigantic bird, and were struck by the beauty and size of its wings, as they supposed the sails to be. But on seeing a smaller bird, unfledged, descending into the water, and a number of parti-coloured beings apparently in human shape, the bird was regarded as a houseful of divinities. ' How the times do alter, to be sure ! The natives of New Zealand have long since grown accustomed to ships ships with sails and ships with funnels, and have, perhaps, long since ceised to regard sailors as 'divinities.' For my part, as I mused on the great land and water scape glittering beneath, I could not resist the impression that the harbour of Auckland, New Zealand, must be very like that of Plymouth, in England. I was never in Devonshire in my life ; but I found myself murmuring some thing about Mount Edgcumbe and the Hoe. The driver of the carriage overheard me, and oblicinelv exDlained that Mount Edgcumbe vas at some considerable distance irom &ount; Eden. Bless the man ! I was think ng of quite another Mount Edgcumbe, ever so many thousands of miles from Mount Eden. But if I am permitted to return to England again I shall certainly make the 3est of my way to Plymouth, and I shall be irery much disappointed if it fail to resemble Auckland, Four days and a half more at sea. The iveather, although fiercely hot, was slightly incertain in the way of wind ; and we live n alternate apprehension of ' northers' and )f ' southerly busters.' From the infliction )f a ' buster' we were spared ; but on the irery day on the night of which we made Sydney we were favoured with a ' norther' )f a phenomenally lively kind. The last )ccasion of my having enjoyed the icquaintance of a 'norther' was more than twenty years ago in the port of Vera Cruz, which is little better than an open roadstead insufficiently break watered by the castle of San Juan de Ulloa. The tempest scarcely gave us fifteen minutes' warning cf its advent. The blue sky all at once turned leaden-hued ; the sea turned to ink flecked with soapsuds ; the wind howled as though all the wild beasts in all the menageries in the world had suddenly been let loose without their breakfasts ; and our Bteamer had to run for it— into the neigh bouring harbour of Sacrificios, in fact. That was a ' norther' off the coast of Mexico ; but that which was phenomenal to me in the cog nate galeinthePacific was in the circumstance that the Btorm occurred in the midst of what most travellers would have thought to be really splendid weather. No leaden sky, no inky sea flecked with Boapsuds. The sky was bright blue, the racing clouds were fleecy white with purple shadows ; the sea was cobalt — nay, ultramarine ; the crested waves danced joyously— a great deal too joyously for the comfort of our lady passengersj anl a blinding sunshine smote on the awnings and made brass stanchions and fittings blaze and shimmer with a golden sheen. But we were in a raging storm nevertheless, and the pas sengers' sick-list was for a few hours of alarm ing proportions. Then the wind fell, the clouds melted away as quickly as does the anger of a little child, the sky once more became one Bmiling arch of silvery blue, and the raging sea resumed its guiae of e1°bbt smoothness. Then there was night and peace under the Southern CroBB, and myriade more Btars in the heavens. We did what well-conditioned passengers should do under the circumstances— settled our wine bills, tipped the stewards, and after dinner drank the health of the captain, of his wife, and of their baby. Then, packing-up went on fast and furiously ; for by midnight we expected to cast anchor in Sydney harbour. Mid night ! There was bitter, although only temporavy» disappointment in the announce ment. I had been told such wondrous stories about Port Jackson, I had been taught by so many Australians to expect a panorama of such marvellous, Buch ravishing beauty in the passage from the Heads to the Circular Quay that it was truly exasperat ing to be told that we were to make our entrance into this marine paradise at dead of night. There was no help for it, however, and I feel inclined to fancy that the five poker-players in the smoking-room were rather pleased than otherwise by the circumstance that their attention would not be diverted from their beloved game by the counter-attractions of Sydney Harbour. These undaunted men con tinned to play on. They were quite indifferent even to the arrival on board of the pilot— an event which generally canseB a momentary thrill of excitement in the breast of even the most apathetic of passengers. What mattered the pilot to the professors of poker? What was the Bouthern shore of Port Jackson to them ? They etirred not even when they were informed that we were within sight of the great electric light which has superseded the old Macqnarie Lighthouse on the South Head, 76 feet high on the cliff, 268 feet above the sea level. The new Pharos which now flashes its brilliant rays over the Pacific is one of the most powerful electric luminaries in the world. On [board the Australia it was cur rently reported that the light was visible at a distance of 60 miles. As a matter of fact, I believe that it is plainly discernible full 30 miles out at sea, Bat in vain did; it .flash and shimmer for the fire undaunted devotees of poker. With a grim determination did they continue to B&nffle; - and cnt and deal. Theira not to reason why ; theirs bnt to do or die— noble five poker players 1 I suppose that every oueO'S steamer must of necessity be more or less of a floating gambling-hoase ; and we in England remem ber the indignant proteBt against persistent cardplaying at sea— a proteat made public not so long ago by Mr. Thomas Hughes and Borne of his fellow-passengers on board a Cunard steamer. Still one is bound, I cannot help thinking, to be tolerant i i this matter. There is always a proportion of passenger* who are not Beasick, but -who cannot lead, who cannot write, and who cannot smoke all day long at eea— who cannot pace the deck, who cannot 'sleep off' the time between meals, and for whom quoitB, ahovel board, deck-billiards, and even flirtation— when there is anybody to fliit with — have no charms. If these unhappy mortals were not allowed to Ramble, there might be aom© danger of their flinging themselves in sheer desperation overboard, or drinking them selves to the verge of delirium Iremeru with an insoluble continuity of cocktails or ' whisky straight.' Let us endeavour to be tolerant in all things. * ? The Australia did not go right up to the Circular Quay, but anchored off a place Bpoken of by the Bhip's officers, ? if J ftsmember right, aa 'Pinchgut.' Remark able name, I fell at once into the arms of a newspaper interviewer — literally ! into his arms ; for Captain Ghost, m ! the commander of a mail Bteamer, had proudly fired a gun on his arrival in pott, and the cannon being situated close to my ' bridal chamber' on deck, one effect of the con cussion had been to topple over , and smash the glass chimney ? o{ : my lamp ; and in endeavouring to set matters straight I tumbled over a portmanteau, . and .the gentleman from the newspaper, hastily enter ing the Btate-room, tumbled over . me, and we embraced each other quite affectionately, although involnntarUy, on j the - dock. A true fraternity of journalism. Let me hasten to explain that the abhorrent art of 'interviewing' is very rarely practised in Australia. The representa tives of the Antipodean Press abstain as a rule from making your life a burden to you by subjecting you to a series of interrogations much more afflictive than any cross-examination of a witness by a sharp counsel in a , ranning down case or a bill-discounting one, and by subsequently attributing to yon in their published reports the utterance of sentiments of which you never dreamt, couched In language which you are not in the habit of using. That is newspaper inter viewinp; as it is understood .in the United States. I was right glad, however, to/lall into the hands and arms of one of the iew' Australian interviewers with whom I have a& yet come in contact— in the first instance because the gentleman did his spiriting very gently, and did not make me declare in print the next morning that the British Empire was falling to pieces owing to the incapacity of Mr. Gladstone and the shameful tergiversation of Earl Gran ville ; that the Mayor and Aldermen of Sydney were not taking the proper steps to avert a water famine ; that Rear-Admiral Tryon was quite mistaken in imagining that anything less than eight ironclads and ninety torpedo-boats would Buffico to protect Port Jackson against the attack of a Russian squadron hailing from Petropaulows&i; ; that the Girls' Friendly Society were hinder ing the emigration of eligible domestic servants from the mother country ; and that the drainage of Woolloomooloo was in a scandalous condition. Kindred expressions of opinion would have assuredly been, put into my mouth by an Americau interviewer. And there was another reason why I was delighted to Bee my Australian interlocutor. He brought me a packet of letters from home, a telegram from Melbourne, and a not© from a friend who was waiting for me at Sydney, begging me to remain on board the Australia, that night, and telling mo tbat he would come to fetch me next morning. So, tor the last time, 1 went to bed in tne onaai chamber, and dreamt of Sydney as I was to behold it — but only in another dream. At what hour of the night the five undaunted ones finally abandoned their pursuit of poker [ have not been informed. The next morning, very early, say at 8 o'clock, Sydney in a dream made it self manifest to me. My memories Df it now only come in snatches, vivid enough, but, ah 1 eo transient 1 The Australia is boarded by a boat from the Imperial flagship in harbour. H.M.S. Nelson, perhaps— how Bhould I know for a certainty, being in a dream ? Man-of-war officer comes aboard in quest of letters per Frisco mail intent. The glass of naval fashion, and the mould of maritime form, of course. Am not quite certain as to whether he wears white-kid gloves and an jyegkse. Quite certain that he has mutton-chop whiskers and very white teeth. Fancy that he eyes me with a glance of suspicion. Am uneasily con ecious that my attire is not what it should be, and that it has a hybrid look, half-tropical and half-hyperborean. Am cheerfully conscious, however, that I have no dynamite in my luggage, and that I have not oorne to the Antipodes for the purpoBe of blowing-up anything or anybody. Am scarcely aware whether the eo-called Circular Quay ip circular, crescent - shaped, or elliptical in form ; but we have moved up from ' Pinch qut'— remarkable name— Binco dawn, and at present we are surrounded by chips. Ships to the right of ub, chips to the left of us— huge argosies from all parts of the world, sailing ships, coasting steamers, Bteamlaunches, barjjcB, ferry- boats, and' wherries. In the foreground fleeting views of factories, warehouses, and engineering workB. Many fruitBtalls on the wharfs dotting the prospect with bits of bright colour, and a considerable number of slim* long- legged youths with somewhat palllid complexions, and wearing slouched hats of: some Eoit material. These youths are loung ing about, or remain in an . attitute of rumination, with their hands ia their pockets. The multitude of pale, weedy looking youths with slouched hats, and their hands in their pockets, on whom,. long since after my awakening from my Sydney dream, I have gazed upon in Aus traliais simply amazing. A cloudless blue Bky and a blazing sun. A steady thirst sets in, with an imprudent hankering after ginger-ale and lemon squash. I dream of a debauoh of bananas— of a surfeit of oranges. The friend who has been awaiting my arrival' in Sydney comes on board, not alone,, for a moment afterwarda I am presented1 to an affable and genial gentleman, His Worship the Mayor of Sydney. At onoe I dream that I have known him intimately for at least ten years. Adjournment— I declare that I cannot remember in what manner of vehicle — to an hotel. Breakfast— mutton chops, of course. Am I not in the Land of the Golden Fleece ? Fried fish, eggs and bacon, toast and tea; altogether an old-fashioned English' breakfast. Am I mistaken when I mention that I dreamed of muffins? I may be Kome fourteen or fifteen t thousand miles from home— being in a dream you cannot expect me to be geographically' accurate— but of one thing I am tolorably cer tain, that, socially speaking, I am at least a million miles away from the United States of America. Perhaps when 1 awake from my dream I may arrive at a different conclusion. I have a vision, it is true, of tramways and tramway cars in Sydney — the latter carriages two stories high, like houses on wheels and with the fronts off, drawn by steam-motora, continu ally crowded, and succeeding each other with a frequency and celerity which are somewhat embarrassing to an elderly wanderer, slightly infirm of gait, and parcel blind into the bargain. But tramways are no longer a transatlantic monopoly. Wher* the luckless George Francis Train was1 fciidacious enough to lay down the first lines, of tramways in the British metropolis we in dicted him for a nuisance, and, on conviction, fined the too premature benefactor of civiliza tion £500, but at present the thoroughfares in the outskirts of London are bo many grid irons of tramlines ; while the erreeta of the ancient, the historic, beautiful cities of Italy are made hideous to the artistic eye, And undeniably convenient to the population »t large, by ftese to me abhorrent but, I rap pose, 'beneficent machines. Tramcars are not tolerated in the main thoroughfares of Sydney; but;since I woke up I have been told that the cara run from the terminus in Bridge-street at the shortest of intervals to Wbollahra and Waverley, Randwick, Snrry Hills, Redfern, Waterloo, Botany, Glebe, Forest Lodge, Newton, and Marrickville, Btopping at the chief intermediate or inter secting streets. The 'confusion worse con founded' of names of localities, Home of them long familiar and others wholly unfamiliar to your ears, is one of the chief reasons why when you first land in Australia you fall into either a dreamy or semi-comatose state of mind. Take Woollootnooloo. for example. I have never, I hope, Btriven to conceal the fact that in most departments of human Imowledge my education has been lament ably neglected.' This I have -owned with -grief -and shame .over and over again these ever bo many years past. Nevertheless, ; it may r be without any feelings of acute humiliation that I confess that, until I had been some hours in Sydney, I was totally ignorant of the whereabouts and even oi the existence of Wbolloomooloo. At present I know it to be a beautiful suburb of Sydney, situated on the heights command ing the picturesque shores of Woolloomooloo Baiyj just as I have since learned that the name : ' Pinchgut,' which sounded so strangely on my ears at first, is the familiar colonial' appellation of an island in the harbour called Fort Denison, named Mattewai by the aborigines, and Ebck Island by Go vernor Phillip, but which' in the early days of colonization acquired its sobriquet of ' Pinch gut' from the fact of a convict having suffered: during many days the pangs of hunger there with food in sight, but not within reach, as a rpuniahment for having purloined food during a time of famine. I wonder whether any of the Australian- poets have yet selected the Legend of Pinchgut as a theme for their muse. There is something almost Dantesque in its tragic terror. But it was always in a dream that I was conveyed to Woolloomooloo. In something else besides a dream ; a hansom cab, to wit— a vehicle of which I shall have to say more ere I leave the colonies, and which flourishes very kindly indeed at the antipodes. In this hansom we rode swiftly— r they drive tremendously fast, but, as a rule, with really commendable care, in Sydney— over a capitally laid ?wood pavement, through streets which struck me as not being very remarkable either for their breadth or for their rectitude of alineation— in fact, some of the thorough fares appeared to me to be both narrow and tortuous. You see that for so many weeks my eyes had been accustomed to the almost distressing roominess and- the almost mono tonous regularity of the streets and avenues of New York and Philadelphia, Washington, and. Cincinnati, and Chicago. The streets of Sydney, moreover, are undulating as to their levels, and the variety of grading interferes somewhat with the architectural effect of the numerous and splendid public buildings. But these slight shortcomings are more than compensated by a peculiar and beautiful characteristic of the city. Constantly, and with delightful unexpectedness, you catch a glimpse — a fleeting bnt glorious glimpse — of the delicious harbour. For the faintest idea of its enchanting loveliness go to the First Book of the iEneid— the description of the 'deep recess within the bay,' in which ^Eneas and hia shipmates found refuge after the storm. At the end of a short, narrow street a great Snip lying at anchor looms upon you ; ; at the end of another lane there suddenly starts up a ravishing-, prospect— a thicket of vivid greenery, a broad belt of blue water, and in the distance green hills powdered with white villas. In driving about Sydney the harbour is 'upon you,' so to speak, with almost magical rapidity of repetition. It haunts yon, not aa a ghastly spectre, but as a fasci nation apparition. You can't get rid of it; but you don't wiBh to get rid of it. Are you not continually haunted at Naples by 'Vesu- vius ? Can you get rid at Pisa of the Leaning Tower ? At Venice has not the Ducal Palace or the Rialto unaccountable ways of *' turning np' and being 'down upon you' at moments when their appearance is least expected ? I like cities in which I can lose my way. Naples and Venice are pre-eminent among Italian towns for the facility with which the foreigner can go astray in them ; but the only city in the Australian continent in which I have as yet found it practicable to be thoroughly desorknte — to lose my way with .delightful completeness— is Sydney. We did not lose our way in proceeding to Woolloo mooloo, that suburb of billy; streets full of trim cheerful villas, all with dainty verandahs in front. lam writing these lines now on a pouring wet day in the interesting and *' coaly' town of Newcastle, '.New South Wales ; and an ' elderly gentleman has just left me who, , in the course of a most interesting and instructive conversation, told me that he remembered many years since to have hunted lizards in the wilds of Wool-: loomooloo, and cut down tree3 in questof wild honey in the 'open forest' of- Wool-! lahra. Well, is it so many generations since partridges were shot where now is Conduit ?street. Bond- street, London, and- when what is now the palatial district of Belgravia was a succession of marshy fields, very dangerous on wet nights on account of their being in fested by footpads? Footpads in Belgravia! One might as well try to imagine roughs at the dead of night on the Thames Embank ment. ' A well-known and highly popular Alder man and member of the Legislative Assembly, and of genially Milesian' extraction— one of the greatest delights in coming to Australia ia to find the genial Irishman who is loyal as well aa patriotic— bade me welcome to Woolloomooloo at his pleasant residence in ?the faubourg in question. If I remember aright bis welcome was not unconnected with the uncorking of a flask of Louis Eoederer— unless, indeed, it was Perrier and Jouet. Ladies and -gentlemen who at home do me ?the honour to read these letters, please to bear in mind that they are intended to be made, so far as the writer's capacity, exerted to its utmost extent, can make them, a thoroughly veracious chronicle. ! I wish and hope to tell a plain unvarnished tale— to extenuate . nothing, but to Bel; down naught in malice— to draw a real, and not an imaginary picture of life and manners at the Antipodes ; and that is why the devotees of total abstinence in both Hemispheres may find in these fugitive essays1 a great many more allusions to Pommery and Greno, Louis Roederer, Heidseck, Moefc and Chandon, Wachtoe, Jules Mumm, Krug, Clicquot, and other magnates of the champagne 'districts, than may be agreeable to the feelings or the prejudices of the uncbtnpromistnz devotee of teetotalism. The noble cause of temperance is, I rejoice to learn— not in a dream, but in my present condition of thorough wakeful ness— making satisfactory progress through out the Australian Colonies. - Church of England Temperance and Gospel Societies, Good Templars,' Blue Ribbonites, Bands of Hope, Lord Wolseley Lodges, Local Option Leagues, abound at the Antipodes, as they do at home.. Temperance lectures are being continually delivered— more power to all their elbows !— arid temperance pamphlets as continually circulated ; while the abomin able disturbance caused by the big drums and brazen instruments of the Australian Contingent of the' Salvation Army is in a measure atoned for by the strenuous efforts made by the leaders of these noisy pietists to further the interests of total abstinence, as well aa of religion— as these Hot-gospellers seem to understand religion— and morality. The Magistrates, moreover, inflict fines of what we in' England should consider to be merciless severity upon drunkards. To a host of incentives to sobriety .must be added alSuhday-cIosing law which, were an attempt made to pass it and enforce it in 'London, might possibly give rise to commotion beating an- unpleasant. 'resemblance to a revolution. StiB,; these beneficent influences and ordi nances- to the :contraiy notwithstanding, it would be cowardlyi it would be mischievously Hypocritical, to disguise the fact that Aus tralia is highly convivial — some may be of opinion that it is excessively convivial— and that astonishing quantities, not only of champagne, to say nothing of bitter beer, 'whisky straight,'- and other alcoholic beverages are consumed there. The general prosperity of the people may have something and even a great deal to do with this preva len^ conviviality ; attachment to what used formerly to - be - considered aa good; old Britiah customs may have more to' do with it ; nor should it finally be forgotten that the Australians are an intensely and passionately loyal psoDle, and that not only at the largest bat at the smallest social gatherings it is the praiseworthy custom to drink in bumpers, and with all the honoura, the health of Her Majesty the Qaeen, of the Prince and Princess of Wales, and of the rest of the Royal Family. Obviously it i8 quite practicable to quaff in lemon-squash, in Ringer-pop, in cold tea, or in pure pump water the 'usual loyal and patriotic toasts,' followed by those of the Governor, the Judiciary, the Member for the District, the Mayor, the Guests, and the Pre33 ; but convivial .Australia does not under stand health-drinking in this fashion, and while Austialians continue to understand health-drinking from the ' good old English' point of view, we at home will be able par tially to understand how English Ale Kings and Scotch and Irish distillers make such prodigious fortunes. Furthermore, we may arrive at the conviction that Australia is not exclusively peopled by individuals resembling the total abstainer celebrated in the music hall ditty, and whose 'inside,' as was proved at the autopsy which followed hi3 lamented decease, was found to be full of tea leaves and snowballs. Again, I have a dream of a convention of gentlemen on the first day of my landing in a handsome apartment at the Town Hall, of the popping of more champagne corks, and of the delivery of speeches by His Worship Mayor Playfair and other grave and reverend seisnors. Again my dream changes, and I find myself racing about Sydney in a hansom, delivering at clubs and public offices and Ministerial bureaux letters of introduction with which 1 hare been favoured by friends in England. The night come3 at last— the season generally considered most appropri ate for dreaming between the sheet3— but I am destined to dream more dreams, seated or on my legs. I have a vision of being a guest at a literary reunion, the Athenreum Club of Sydney; of enjoying an excellent dinner, comprising kangaroo-tail soup, venison from Tasmania, and the famous black duck of the Continent ; and of subsequently listening to some very brilliant oratory from the most conspicuous personages of the colony of New South Wales. And at last I fell into a chaotic trance in which danced the wildest of Sahara waltzes, hansom cabs, the usual loyal and patriotic toast3 ' with three times three and all the honours,' champagne sweet and champagne dry, ine pudding, flowers of speech, stars and badges of the Order of St. Michael and St. George, references to the gallant Soudan Contingent, old Madeira, mild cigars, 'Eule Britannia,' ' Auld Lang Syne,' and 'God Save the Qaeen' as a wind up. It was a dream, no doubt, I say to myself as I wake up next morning, refreshed by slumber, and without a headache. It was a dream, but still one that I would very willingly dream over again. The evening's entertain ment bore the morning's reflection, and the staple of my reflection amounted to this, that I had travelled many thousands of miles to find myself— total stranger in the land as I was— quite at home, and among friends, and that this newest of new countries was in a hundred Happy essentials the very counter part of Old England. 