THE BOOTMAKERS' STRIKE. In the letter eigaerl " Hillihorpe " on the Melbonrne bootDinkera' strike, which wo pub lished on Wednesday, what 1 trik.ee the reader is tho absolute cor.fidenco of tho writer in the in- fallibility or hie opinicne. Now, confidence of that kind in a human being who ;loaa not be lieve himself to bo divinely inspired is gene- rally tho ro-uit of ignorance of the subject to which it is related. Iu a great social question like a striae there are so many delicate and difficult problems involved that it is only aEter a laborious investigation that a critic can give an opinion, and even than he feels that bo must express himself with a good deal of caution. Almost every paragraph in " Milltborpe's" letter contains oithor a blander or n gratuitous insult to a largo body of men who are subjecting themselves, whether rightly or wrongly, to eevtro hardships for the preservation of what thc-y beliovo to bo their rights. " Millthorpo'' calls tho bootmakers who are out on striko "lossy rascals." He also says that tlioy are '' haunted by tho ghost of a grievance, nothing more," aro maliciously injuring their employers and have based their striko "on a mere pro text." It does not occur to tho critic that it would bo quite as proper for tho boatmakors to call hiin a "rascal" for taking tho side of lbs ornpioyurs as it is for him to apply ovon inoro opprobrious epithets to them for their notion in going out on striko. The cause of tho striko is summarised by our correspondent in a single sentence. "It appears," ho writes, " that 1100 men and ubout 3000 or 4000 women and children uro deprived of thoir ordinary means of subsistonco, and all this becauso a few of tho operatives lake work homo which their children may hoip at." To him tho situation is ridiculous, there is no kind of proportion hot ween tho (fleet and tho cause ; it iB a new version of tho mountain and tho mouse, for in this instanco the ordor is in verted and tho mouse produces tho mountain. How absurd thai 1400 man should throw up their employment and endure privation for several woeke because a few of their com panions engaged the sorvicos of thoir children in assisting thorn to do their work! If ".Millthorpo" wore in Holland and eaw the pooplo bocoining intently excited over tho discovery of a small stream running ihrough tho contro of one of the dykes from iho sea, he would probably bo lo3t iu amizainenc, and writo an edifying lotter to the papers on the poculiaritiea of tho Dutch clnractor. And probably ho is at a loss to comprehend why Dr. Mackellar should make such a fuss and spend so much public money when a case of small pox happens in the metropolis ; there would he reason, ho would argue, in Dr. Mackollar nnd tho newspapers exhibiting exeitoment if hundreds were down with the plague, but when only two or threo aro affoctod such excitement is ludi crous and reprehensible. Tho action of half-a-dozen bootmakers in taking work home and getting tho members of their families to assist them to do it, is as threatening a sign to the social condition of the working classes as the occurrence of one or two cases of smallpox is to their sanitary condition. It is the introduction of the sweating system, anl that is one of the heaviest curses that have ever fallen on laeour- It is worse than a visitation of smallpox or cholera in its severest form ; for these diseases only kill the body, and thoy oxhaust thomsolves in u few months ; but sweating destroys both body and soul. It involves whole families in starvation ; it sends thousands of men into a drunkard's grave ; and it casta hundreds of girls on to the streets, from whicdi thay descend to a doom compared with which that of the drunkard possesses no terrors. But, says ' Millthorpo " with characteristic confidence and dogmatism, this systom does not oxist in Melbonrne, nor is it " likely to arise in Mel bourne until long after Mr. Trenwith and the tenth generation of hie eloquent posterity have gone over to tho majority." He admita that eoiue of the bootmakers aro doing their work at homo and making their children assist them, und ho coiumouts on this fact in language which, if it were not the outcome of sheer ignorance, would be unendurable cant " Per haps," says he, "among those charged with the criuio of ' sweating ' may bo a man with a biok wife and child, and the extra expense of medical attendance and comforts for a sick room ; but the strength God gives the hus band to provide for those dear to him is to bo fettered by the brutal despotism of a trade union decree." And what more reasonable, ho asks, than for a man to take work home for his sons and daughters to do in leisure moments V If the effect of this is to bring down the wages of married operatives, and this is the effect of tho system whatever practiced, is it not an abuse of the English language to call such a practice reasonable ? Our correspondent says that it has not been shown " that anyone is a sufferer by what is called the sweating sys tem;" aud he asks with great indignation, "What then is all this row about?" If he were in Holland and saw a fractured dyke he would exclaim iu a similarly senseless manner if he saw people growing excited before half-a-dozen houses had been washed away. What ho would Bay to the Melbourne bootmakers is : When two or three dozen of you have been reduced to starvation, and as many of your daughters thrown on to the streets by the evil of which you complain, then make a row ; bat until then, if you stir up an agitation you will bo acting as hypocrites, and will deeerve to be stigmatised as " lazy rascals." The bootmakers know what sweating ha3 done both in England aod Australia, and they would be maniacs if whenever the evil appears thoy did not put forth all their oxertione, and use even desperate remedios to nip it in the bud. "Millthorpo" concludes his letter with a frag ment of counsel and the expression of uu opinion. He says: "My advico to Mr. Tren with and his associates is to stick to their las; until their watchful eyes are gladdened by a real grievance. Meantiuio tho public of this colony will keep their sympathy and silver for mere deserving objects." Eortunacely our correspondent's prophesy is as bid as his criticism, for tho working classes of tho colony are giviug both sympathy and silver in abun dance to tho bootmakers on strike. Concerning the. advice, in whatever light the bootmakers may regard it, wo think it is a capital piece of advice for "Millthorpo" himself to follow. Ho would do well to " stick to his last," but his last iB not the discussion of problems connected with capital aud labour. Tho dispute between the masters and men in Victoria is not whether the "sweating" system is good or bad, but whether it exists at all. The men say it does, the masters say it does not, and this matter of fact Ehould bo set in a clear light without delay. 