(Erie Jiifore free iress. PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY MORNING. ,THUURSDAY, JULY 23, 1885. THAT the successors of the Gladstone Cabinet purpose doing something practical in order to ameliorate the condition of lreland is already apparent. From a cablegram published in 12'e Arg~u of MConday, it appears " the Ministry has iiftroduced a measure to enable Irish tenants to purchase their holdings. It! is proposed the Government shall advance' the money, which is to be repayable in 49 years, interest to be charged at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum." Of course it is diffi cult to determine, with the meagre informa tion conveyed in the message referred to, as to whether the proposal named is fair and reasonable-that it is the correct way of establishing a . peasant proprietary seems pretty clear. We assume the proposal to. pay 4 per cent, for 49 years means paying in full interest and principal, and, given that holdings can be secured at a fair value, this system of extended payments should enable those who so desire it to become their own landlords. We accept the proposal, however, as an earnest of the determination of the. Government to deal with Ireland from a reasonable instead of a coercive standpoint., That such is the wisest manner to treat a highly sensitive people cannot be doubted by anyone who has studied their history, or given any thought to their peculiarities or idiosyncracies. The rod of iron has failed most egregiously in subduing a race which has not proved amenable to a score or two Coercion Acts, and we need only say such a course would not be adopted by those who understood or could appreciate the Irish character. Whilst they will not be driven they are most easily led, but they will only be led by those who have displayed such qualities as to make them acceptable as trustworthy. The present Government of Great Britain. by the measure now fore shadowed, appears most determined to do good to the bulk of the Irish people, and such an act would in itself do more to estab lish confidence than all the coercive measures which could be framed. Landlord tyranny and oppression has done much towards rendering Ireland desolate-the measure named should do much towards destroying such pernicious influence by making nearly every holder of the soil the owner in fee thereof. Such a step as this would do much towards making Irishmen feel the are being treated better than serfs, and if the modicum of self-government foreshadowed a short time since is enacted as well the blow to landlordism, there will be a sponging out of the grievances which have done most to ren i dering the people poor and discontented. Tnn Federal Coffee Palace Company, the prospectus of which appears elsewhere, seems a thoroughly legitimate undertaking, and one which, in, these 'days of company floating, contrasts most favourably with many of the concerns which appeal to the public for sup iport. Avery large proportion of our popu lation, if they can get lodged and fed nearh as well elsewhere, prefer avoiding hotels, and this has been very clearly demonstrated in SMelbourne already, where existing coffee palaces have proved highly remunerative to shareholders. In the case of the Federal Coffee Palace Company, the time for apply ing for shares in which bas been extended to the 31st instant, the reater portion of the hundred thousand shares has been al!otted, so that the company evidently starts under favourable auspicc:, many of the best names being associated with the project. That an 4xcellent site has been secured there can be no doubt, pretty close to Spencer-street sta tion and the wharf, and also adjacent to the IRobson's Bay railway station. We feel satis fied the company named will add another to the many .successes achieved by co-operation, and that those who now secure an interest are likely to reap an advantage by a speedy in crease in veilue of lshares is evident. On this sutbject further mtu 4 not he said, and it only rIeiains for in:te:ding investors rnct rto forget the last day for applications to be !g?ed, namtl, the 31st nstant. The meeting in connection with the testimonial to widow and family of the late A. M. Sullivan will be held on Saturday nextat the Railway hotel, at 2 p.m. The annual general meeting of the subscribers of the Kilmore Hospital will be hold on next Thursday evening at half past seven. To-day the West Bourke Agricultural Society's ploughing match takes place. Parliamentry work did not occupy much time last week. The application of Colin A. M'Kenzie, for grant of 20 acres, Ghin Ghin,'is gazetted approved. The license of Margaret iNorman 320 acres, Wood burne, has been forfeited at licensee's request. Mr Hunt has received a communication from the Lands Department, on the subject of the claim made by a deputation from the Kilmore Agricultural Society, stating that the Committee of Management of the Kilmore racecourse is of opinion that the whole of it is required for racing purposes. The following is the strata passed through in Mr 1). M'Leod's paddock by the diamond drill: 9 feet surface soil and clay ; 22 feet 1 inch rough honey-comb basalt rock; 4 feet red honey- comb rock and clay ; 19 feet 7 inches hard basalt; 7 feet and 1 inch light and brown clay ; 1 foot 6 inches black clay; and 2 feet 6 inches brown cement wash ; bore bottomed on soft pipe-clay reef. We understand the drawing for Eaglehawk Art Union will not take place until after Eridge's Art Union is disposed of. In the meantime tickets can be had at this office. WTe have heard that Mr Thomas Bossence con templates opposing the return of Cr. Phillips for the Kilmore Riding. No other opposition is men tioned in the Shire. A lecture will be given tomorrow evening in the Mechanics' Institute. The July number of the Australasian Sketcher just to hand is quite up to the usual standard of that excellent publication. A small trial crushing recently took place from a vein in the Laagrirde Company-s ground, but the yield was small. The lode, however, is full of I mineral and may yet lead to good results. The official notifications of the municipal elections in the shires of Kilmore, Broadford, and Pyalong appear in our advertising columns. Monday next up to 4 o'clock is the day for receiving nominations for the vacancies in SBroadford and Pyalong Shires, and Tuesday at 4 o'clock is the last time for re ceiving nominations for the Iilmore Shire vacan cies. On the 15th instant Councillors Purcell and Quin lan, as a deputation from the Yea Shire Council, introduced by Mr Hunt, M.L.A., waited upon the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, asking that a sum of £240 should be re-voted for works performed at Cotton's finch, and also for assistance ' in improving road at Flowerdale hill. The Minister c.,mplied with first request, and promised, as. soon as Council supplied estimates. etc., for the latter to deal favorably with the application. In reply to same deputation the Minister .aid that the matter of rates of territory severd from Seymour and added to Yea municipality was now being adjusted by the department. On Thursday last Cr Quinlan, on behalf of the Yea Shire Council. introduced by Mr Hunt, M.L.A,, waited upon the Commissioners of Railways, asking that provision should be made for suitable station accommodation:at Yea, the importance of which place demanded something permanent and substan tial. The Commissioner said that the present esti mates did not include provision for station improve ments at Yea, but it is one of the places, neverthe less, which called for, and would receive early attention. Applications for leases are gazetted approved as follows:-Honora Dunn, nee McRae, Yarck, 316a 1r 29p; James Dunn, Yarck, 145a 1r 31p; W. H. Hewlett, Alexandra 9Sa Ir 16p;Patk. Morrissey, Yea, l'8a Or Op. The following applications for licenses are gazetted approved :-John Tebble, 320a, Worrough; Chas. McLean, 320a Longwood ; Wm. Smith, 32ua, Man galore; Geo. Sloper. 243a, Tarcombe ; Emma L. Sidebottom. 236a, Mangalore; Henry Richey, 118a, Monea South; Elizabeth Robertson, 320a, Manga lore; Peter Curran, 320a, Dropmore: Elizabeth J. McCormick, 32 a. Switzerland; Alxr. McLeish, 320a Monea South ; Louis W. Dargatz 229a, Monea South; David Clare, 320a, Mangalore; Jessie Bes ant. 170a. Kerrisdale; Thos Bradshaw, 320a, Manga lore; Jane McMahon, 320a, Dropmore ; John Gib son, 320a, Monea South: James Gibson, 286a, Monea South; Margt. McMahon, 320a. Dropmore ; James McLeish. 320a, Monea South ; Guy Y. Rob inson. 320a., Tarcombe ; Esau Shelton, 240a, Man galore; Henry G. Sloper, 124a, Tarcombe; John M Mahon 320a, Dropmore; James J. Kennedy, 127a. Worrough; Richard Sharp, 140a. Ruffy; Joseph H. Berry, 100a. Monea South; John Templeton. 320a, Ruffy; Eric A. Brodin, 320a, Monea South; Annie Gleeson, 73a, Tarcombe. A GRrAT BUSINPSS.-The United States of Ama rica is the home of some very large enterprises, bul t none perhaps greater than the business conducted by Mr G. G. Green, of Woodbury, New Jersey, U.S.A. He is the proprietor of the well-known Boschee's German Syrul, which is unequalled as a remedy for Pulmonary and Bronchial affections. He manufac tures also Green's August Flower for Dyspepsia and all disorders of the Liver. These preparations are used throughout the civilised world and thousands testify to their valuable curative properties. Both those preparations have reached an immense sale solely on their merits. Sample bottles of each arc sold at 6d, or full-sized bottles at 3s 6d. All drug gistP keep them. The V.R.C. Grand National Steeplhchase Meeting took place on the Flemington racecourse on Satur day afternoon, and proved successful, though the. attendance was materially lessened, while the casru alities incidental to jumping races were considerably increased by the wet weather of Ssturday morning. But,making allowances for the effect of the threaten ing weather, the attendance. which included his Excellency the Governor and a party from Govern ment House, was satisfactory. ''bThe racing through out the day was good, and though the running ground was heavy very fair time wans recorded. Proceedings commenced with the Maiden Hurdle Race, in which the favorite Hippogriff scored awin. Sea Breeze being second. Duration third. In the Maiden Steeplechase which followed, another favo rite in Reticent won, L .dy Ashlton filline second place, while Ku!kyne w.s third. There "ere It) starters for the Gra, d National Hurdle Race. which resulted in a win for The Agent, a gallant little chestnut horse bdonging to ,lr C. H. T. Hart, of Adelaide. TIh. winner's previous perfor mances caused him to be top weight, but despite this he exp.rienced no difficulty in beating Guard fish, who had cut out the running for the greater part of the three nilel Coekboat finished third. In the Grand NatImnai Steeplechase there were 14 starters. and the r sul:, after a series of fails, was a win for Wymlet, who was ridtden by Corrigan; Sailor was second and D)enmark third. The winner is the property of Mr Martin Loughlin. of Ballarat. Morven, a horse belonging to the same owner, was favorite, but in company with several others, he came to grief over the stone wall in front of the grand stand. None of the riders were very seriously injure(l. Student won the oSelling Iiurdle Race Flambnrough being in second an D)oncaster third. The winner was bought in for 140 guineas. all of which goes to the *lub's funds. The Fiat Race, which concluded the meeting. was won by The I Ghost. with Plausible second, and Bohemian third. Age. N?avovs MALAIIEs.-In many parts of Victoria the Colonists, especially those who are weak and enervated by mental anxiety or overwork, suffer severely from some form or other of nervous diseases. Insomnia or sleeplessness is one of the earliest and most marked symptoms of these distressing affec tions, and so long as " Nature's sweet restorer" is denied them, the malady-whether it be one of the many forms of Neuralgia, an ove:rworked brain IHypochondriasis, gouty paugs of flying pains- be-. come intensified to an alarming de.ree, and debili.i tats the system generally. Since Freeman's Chloro dyne a as introduced into Victoria those distressing nervous disoases are regarded as perfectly curable. Certain relief is obtained in every case, and by talr ing a full dose at bed-time refreshing sleep is ensured, and the sufferer wakes in the morning refreshed and strengthened. Insist upon haring "Freeman's only. Trade mark, an Elephant.-2 Wholesale Agents for Victoria, RocR, Torp sIrr & Co., and obtainable from all chemists. [Aovr. J When the brain is wearied, the nerves unstrung, SthC nu ac' weca,; udl Hop Bitters as my.de bj Ameri can Comoany F. xd.--LAdvt. 