"OLD ROACH" AND HIS ADOPTED DAUGHTER. BY HARRY J. CONGREVE. CHAPTER IX.— (Continued.) "I can't say," commenced Harry, " that I feel so hot about the diggings as I did." "Neither do l, mate," replied Bill, "Besides, we are getting stumped, and I don't suppose it's any good going there without money for a start, though the |chap did say the gold could be picked up on the surface." "So he did," said Harry, "and so it might be if one was lucky, but if not he would need gold to find gold. At anyrate we want some money to go on with." 'Well, we've only got five-and-six- pence, and that won't carry us there," said Bill, " I hear they want hands at the next station." "I vote than we take work at least for a month to put us in funds," said Harry. " That last chap that we met said they wanted a bridge built over a creek. I vote that we take job if they pay well enough." "Agreed," said Bill, and so before they turned in they settled that they would apply for the job, and with the proceeds go to the diggings. The next morning they made on early. start, but owing to a fresh flood coming down they had to make large detour in order to avoid the water, and so it was late before they arrived at the men's on Gray's station. The night was, however, lovely, and they walked cheer- fully along. The station bore the name of being very hospitable to travellers, and so they got a hearty welcome from the hands and a plentiful and warm supper from the cook. The shock experienced by Lucy on her attempted abduction had terminated in an illness, and she had been recom- mended a change by the doctor who had been called in. "Old Roach," too, had never recovered, but was confined to his bed and was assiduously waited on by Sweeny. Mrs. Gray, on hearing of the terrible event had at once proceeded to the station, and as soon as Lucy was fit to remove had her carried back to Mirra- warra. Lucy was therefore a visitor at Mrs. Gray's at the period when Bill and Harry arrived. Tempted by the lovely evening. Mrs. Gray and Lucy had strayed out into the moonlight beyond the limits of the garden, and stood for a little while on the top of a natural bank, gazing at the beautiful scenery now flooded by the silvery light of the orb of night. They were suddenly startled by a piercing cry of horrified anguish, followed by the scuffling of retreating footsteps. Alarmed by the noises they quickly left the spot and returned to the house. The cry had been uttered by Bill. He and Harry, after their supper, had also been tempted out by the beautiful night, and had been wandering around the homestead. They had been looking at the dipping yards, and admiring the woolshed, and were just turning the corner of a fence and rounding a clump of bushes when they caught sight of the two ladies as they stood on the rising ground, Harry at once recognised in Mrs. Gray his former shipmate, though the moon's mystic light, as it streamed upon the pair, seemed to impart some- what of a mysterious and ethereal appearance to them. But to Bill, from whose mind the memory of the transac- tion at the Sydenham pond had never faded, the appearance was something awful, and is the two females stood motionless gazing out upon the view they seemed to him to be the spirits of the departed come to remind and punish him for his crimes. Hence his sudden scream of anguish and his hasty flight from the scene. Harry followed him quickly, believing his mate had been suddenly taken ill, but Bill had at once proceeded to his bunk, where he lay quaking and moaning the whole of the night. In the morning when Bill met Harry he was as pale as a ghost himself, and it was not until he had learnt that the two ladies were veritable flesh and blood that he at all recovered. He kept all his thoughts to himself, however, excus- ing his conduct of the previous night to an illness to which he was subject. His first feelings on discovering that he was not a murderer were those of intense relief. Not relief to his con- science, but relief from fear. The vague dread of apprehension and sub- sequent execution which had been hang- ing over him so long was now gone. By degrees, however, other feelings took possession of him. He felt venge- ful towards Mrs. Gray for being the cause of so much suffering to him. By- and-bye he desired to carry those feel- ings out, and then came the wish to complete the job he had been frustrated in at Sydenham and carry her off. He believed he could do it, and he gloated over her fears and alarms, and the anguish of her friends while he should be keeping her prisoner in the bush. He brooded over it, revolved the ways and means in his mind, and by con- stantly revolving it brought himself to see its feasibility, and the ease with which it could be accomplished. He used to spend his spare time roaming the bush, and at last he selected a lonely pine island in the Murray as the place of his retreat when the task should be accomplished. In the meantime Harry had been recognised by his former shipmates, and was heartily welcomed by them. Know- ing his antecedents they did not treat him like an ordinary workman, but after working hours invited him to the house, where in their society, and with music and song the evenings used to pass pleasantly away. To Lucy, Harry appeared particularly agreeable. He was so different to any that she had seen before. He was so kind and attentive. There was no ob- trusiveness in him, and yet he was so manly. Her young fresh nature warmed towards the young gentleman who had to mix with rough men to earn a living. So matters continued for some time, Harry working hard during the day and passing happy evenings with his friends. Bill brooding and brooding and resolv- ing on fresh crimes, and Lucy delight- ing in the company of Harry and form- ing with him a friendship which under ordinary circumstances would have ripened into a deeper and warmer feel- ing. 