American Brevities. ( Detroit Free Press.) Vanderbii.,t's annual income, if paid in gold, would weigh ten tons. Sir Moses Montefiore died worth about S3, 000, 000. Marshal Bazaine is said to be iu neces sitous circumstances. The Indians have given Sheridan the name of ' The- chunky-man who means Viliahlooa II Princess Beatrice is a great walker, and it is thought she will make Battenberg step around too. Sir Moses Montefiore is called by one of his eulogists the most illustrious Jew since David and Solomon. Dr. feir Henry Thompson advances the opinion tbat civilised man suffers more from eating than drinking. Francis H. Underwood, the successor of Bret Harte as Consul at Glasgow, was the first editor of the Atlantic Monthly. Fifteen million horses are now owned year must be bred to keep up the supply. The Canadian troops came home covered with scars and glory, aud they deserve all the praise the people can bestow. Au Indiaua lawyer recently won thir teen lawsuits before the same justice, aud the next day the justice had a new horse and buggy. Jierry wan, ' tue King ol tue Dudes,' is said to change his clothes as often as several times au hour iu order to astonish his admirers and emulators. Spain is entitled to no sympathy iu its distress over the cholera scourge. Vice, ignorauce, and laziness are an offset to all the doctors can do. No Japanese bank was ever kuown to fail. This is because the stockholders know they would lose their heads when depositors lost their cash. Wiggins has quit predicting the weather. He says if he hits it nobody will give him credit, aud if he misses everybody is anxious to convict him of being au ig noramus. ' What is the best thing for potato bugs?' asks a rural subscriber. Up to the hour of goiug to press nothing has been found more satislactory than po tatoes. The thrifty Mark Twain will not be out of pocket by Graut's death. By the sale of his memoirs he and his firm will pocket the same amouutas goes to the family of the departed General. Baltimore is the paradise of scoundrels. Tlie jail is not nig euougn to noia an ine deserving, and 213 have been turned out because their presence endangered the health of the iumates. New Orleans is the real summer resort. During the luoutb of July the maximum temperature in New York was 9G degrees, in Washington 99 degrees, iu Philadel phia 97 degrees, aud iu New Orleans, the most southern of the four cities, 92 de grees. A Kansas man produces a mass of curi ous figures and Bible prophecies to prove that the world is coming to an end iu 1899\. But the little boy answered this as well as all other like prophecies when he asked : ' How canitcometoan eud when it is round ?' Professor Proctor deprecates the idea tbat ' there were giants in those days.' He says it may well be doubted whether at any time iu the past history of the earth 'the average size of the ten largest creatures by sea aud laud exceeded the average size of the ten largest species now existing. Karl Blind cl ',ims that Victor Hugo was of German origin, aud a Frenchman only by the accident of circumstances. He states that the great poet's first name Victor, is really only a Franco-Latin sub stitute for the true name of Hugo's father, Sigisbert, which means ' brilliant with victory.' He says that there is ample documentary evidence to prove that Victor Hugo's aucestors were German artisans. The husband of Princess Beatrice can not speak English, and she will have to give him a piece of her mind in Dutch. The mosquito nuisauce is avoided in Florida by throwing oil into ponds and standing water, which prevents tbe in sects from hatching. Joaquin Miller says tbat no man ever wrote anything good on an empty stomach. Lots of people have au idea that be is a great faster. A New York court has decided that a bagpipe is a public nuisance — something which should be suppressed if it takes all the law in the country. ' A relick of tbe dark ages of barbar ism,' is what a Wisconsin legislator said of the gallows. He was probably afraid of being hung for his orthography. 'It takes a superior woman to be an old maid,' says Miss Sedgewick. But a very inferior mau cau make them change their minds without half trying. If you have a coru you don't want to carry through the seasou rub it gently with fresh banana peel. If a cure isn't effected you cau say some oue has lied. The King of Dahomey meant to get along with 3,000 wives, but the hard times coming ou last year he took pity ou the unprovided and increased hie family circle by fifty. Lord Tennyson's poem on the marriage of the Princess Beatrice is referred to as an epi thai ami um by one writer. When poetry gets awful bad it is hard to find a name for it. A bottle of pure ink was, by an awk ward mistake, opened for port wine at a Detroit supper. The first inkling the guests had of it was wheu t'ley wiped their mouths with their napkins. It is the opinion of Sam Jones, the nationalist that the upper class of society sadly needs reforming. He is not the first delegate from tbelower class who has made this discovery. It is rumoured that the late Mrs. Tom Thumb is not happy with her Italian hus band. He ' bosses' her too much, while Tom used to submit to henpecking with out a murmur. A Philadelphia woman is having a $500 house built for her pet terrier. If the dog hasn't any more sense than his owner he will probably move in wheu the structure is completed. Worth published a black list of people M«ViA now flipir Hpltfc. nnd Mia result is fifty-one suits for slander. Nothing bo hurts the feelings of a dead beat as to let the public know his game. Victoria Woodnull writes home that she is appreciated for her own true worth in Loudon. Her stock of 'own true worth' wasn't large enough to be dis covered in this country. Paris has just lost an aged citizen who drank ten bottles of wine every day of his life for tbe last twenty-two years, but a score or more of men are trying to work up to take his place. The King of Bavaria is as hard up for ready money as any American doctor. His income for years ahead has been pledged, and lie 'has mortgaged every^ thing which anybody would advance money on. They had a lottery in a coloured Georgia church last week, with a rocking chair as the graud prize. The 200 people who didn't get it turned to aud busted the chair, the church and the head of the lucky man. Living tableaux iu the open air are the stylish amusement this summer. Skilled artists arrange them, or famous pictures are reproduced, and the fair amateurs are said to outstrip the artists of the ballet. In this midsummer weather tbe electric light is destroying moths, bugs aud insects of all kinds by the million. Iu some places a single globe yields up every morning from a pint to a quart of dead insects. Miss Louisa M. Alcott said recently when seasick on board an Atlantic steamer: 'They name ships Asia and Persia and Scotia; I wouder why it doesn't occur to somebody to uame one Nausea?' An Oregon woman said she would hauut her husband if he married again. She died and he married, and now her ghost yanks him out of bed and stands him on his head, and he feels that life is not worth tbe Jiving. In China, when one citizen kills another by accident the decree is that tbe survivor shall pay the heirs of the de CKUBl-U il Burn ULUUUUHUfc vu uuuuu O.aiJ' eight cents. This makes people careful about pointing unloaded guns at each other. Iu striking at a mosquito with a towel a hotel guest in San Francisco demolished a $300 chaudelier. He refused to pay, and tbe court held that a mosquito was a public nuisance which a landlord was oouud to abate or suffer the consequences. 'What do you suppose I'll look like when I get out of this ?' snapped a young lady at a conductor of an over crowded street car. 'A good deal like crushed sugar, miss,' said tbe bell-ringer. And the youug lady huug on to the strap and rode four miles further with the smile of an ansrel. Mary Auu Conuolly, the New York dressmaker aud importer, a woman who by her own efforts carved out a great fortune, is just now a familiar figure at Long Branch. She owus eight of the handsomest cottages at that fashionable resort, representing in the aggregate a third of a million of dollars. The last that she has erected is a magnificeut structure, near Mr, Child's villa at Elberou. It is splendidly decorated, tbe dining-room being panelled iu porcelain. It is worth $80,000. 