THE MERCURY. MONDA Y MOUNINO, JUNE 1, 1SS5. As the question of education will bo dis- cussed during tho coming session of Par- liament, it ia very important that sound principios should bo established, and tho effects of a departure from them under- stood. In Groat Britain and some of the Colonies the aubject of oducation is treated as if it was merely tho question of pro- ducing sa much manufacturo! goods, which can bo inspected and tested, and their value ascortainod beyond all doubt. In Great Britain, especially, this system has been pushed to extremes. With tha very boat intontions iii the world, with the m:Bt ardent dosiro to do all that is right and proper, the School Boards have made regulation after regulation, until tho teaohors have been reduced to the position of the Jows in Egypt, and havo boon called upon to make so many bricks, whether they could get straw or not. Thoy havo been or- dered to produce results-and they havo produced thom. It is now admitted very gen s rally that those rcsultä have been pro- cured ata very serious cost to many of the children, for it is no longor denied that what is called " over-pressuro" exists in very ninny cases, of ton causing the illness of children, and producing not a develop- ment but a stagnation of intellect. " OUIDA," the well-known novelist, has written a very touching poem on the subject in a rocent number of the St. James' Gazette, in which | Bhe depicts a poor littlo boy wor- ried to death by the constant strain upon his mind, until tho fields and flowers no longer afford him any enjoy- ment, and tho fresh air brings no relief. Unhappily, the poem is based on some very Bad facts which havo been recontly brought to light, which have completely overthrown the allegations of the School Boarda that no such thing asovor- prossuro oxisted, and there is now an evident in- tention of gradually relaxing the tension which has prevailed BO long. One very significant fact is, that the teachers, as a body, are utterly opposed to the Bystom of payment by results. They submit because they have no choice ; they are bound in an iron code of rules which they are compelled' to carry out ; and they know that/ their living depends upon their working- in accordance with the system, and that their incomes will increase just in proportion aa they work the system successfully. We- have, how- ever, very clear evidenoe BB to what they think from what woo- said' at the lGth annual conferenco of the National Union of Elementary Teachers, which was held in-Norwich on the Gth Aprill The Presi- dent-elect said, with the clear support of tha many teachers at the mooting, that " the Union haa consistently and persis- tently maintained that ovop- pressure is an inevitable consequonco of tho sys- tem, of payment by roaults ; indeed, long before the Union was founded the effect« of tho system wero confidently predicted, and I think wo should be want- ing in our duty if wo failed to continuo to point out the fundamental error of our present system." Such testimony as this from mon who aro actually engaged in the work of teaching, who »re the only persons really able to say when the work is well or badly dono, should bo carefully weighed by all who havo to legislate on the subject of education, since thoro ia far too great a tendency to think that elaborate codes of rules will get the re- quired work done, and that the business of the legislator ceases when ho has pro- vided certain mechanical tests ofaflicieooy. Butrthe most striking stateraont at this meeting waa the information supplied by the President-elect aa to his investigation into the educational systems of other countries. He asked whether other nations found it necessary to have a system of payment by reaulta in order to keep a check on tho teachers, and he re- plied most emphatically in the negativo. Ho said, "Nowhere did I find anything like our system of individual examination, Nowhere lid I find one single penny do pending on examination. Nowhere did I find any striving after percentages, or after that miraculous accuracy to attain which costs English teachers and English scholars so much weariness and painful noss." The essential difference between the two systems was found to be this, that on the Continent of Europe the teachers aro allowed the utmost freedom of classi- fication, that is, they form thoir own esti- mate of what the children can do, whereaa in Groat Britain the children are arbitrarily classified as the result of certain exami- nations. There is, it will be at once seen, a wide difference between the two systems. On the continent of Earopo the teachers are trusted to do their work properly. They are left to study the abilities, tho idiosyncrasies, the temper, even the health of the children under their care, and are allowed to adapt their teaching to the character of tho child. In Great Britain the children have been regarded as so many pieces of clay which the teacher can mould at his will, and produce, if he choosos to produce, certain definite results. ' It is another illustration of the work- house system for girls, against which Misa SENIOR has so strongly and sotouchingly protested, under which aliare treated alike and a beatifnl outward con- formity obtained. Visitors are delighted at the regularity and the order, the noat neBs of dress, and the discipline of the children, but those who enquire'further know that the girls are rendered unfit for domestic service, because their minds have never been allowed to have free exercise. In Victoria, whore the poople boast that they have a model system of educa- tion, the result system Is in full force, but it ia not so rigidly carried out as in Great Britain. The children aro not driven as they have been at home, but still nearly every teacher who speaks ins mind boara testimony to the want of adaptability in the sys- tem. We have known children bribed by the teachers to attend at school so as to keep up the teachers' receipts from the State by presents of money, and very extraordinary dovices are resorted to in order to get a good per- centage of passes. All th¡B we take to be a mistake. A true, really officient syBtom of teaching must be based on confidence in the teachers, who alone can properly deal with the many children ontrusted to their care. The object of education is not merely to produce certain mechanical, re- mits. We do not want babe» lisping in nurabora, or pertly answering a lot of cut and dried questions. Wo want to pro- duce good mon and women. Even if wo wish to develop a muscio, we do not got at tho work in tho " bald-headed " fashion in which children aro taught, mid how much moro dol;cato and difficult to understand is tho mind of a child, which is by no moans like a blank piece of paper when he or she goes to school ! Mechani- cal results look well in Bluo-booka and please the public, but tho truo onquiror knows that tho best results aro thoeo which cannot bo moasured cr weighed, but which makû good men and wumon, and ao build up a nation. THE demonstration in connection with tho oponing of tho Doloraino and Formby Rail- way on Saturday, was not only a grand suc- cess but a groat din prise. It was but natural that tho pcoplo of Latrobe and Formby should wake up and colobrato complotoly and heartily such an occasion as the opening of a railway which joins them to tho rest of tho Colony, hut no ono expected that they would have displayed such enthusiasm and such a thorough belief in tho splendid dis tiiot in which thoy live. Tho gathering was, boyond question, tho finest aud most enthu- siastic that has boen seen in this Colony, and it has boon am passed on tho Con- tinent only on ono occasion, namely, w hen tho Victorian and New South AAralcs lines wore joined at Albury, and Mr. Sorvico mado his prophesy that fodniatiou was close at hand. Indeed the heartiness, tho earnest, well-founded belief of the people who attended tho banquet on Saturday, affords a striking answer to tho misorablo raco of speakers and writors who can soo no hope for this Colony, and who me always grumbling, and always declaring that there can bo no romedy for what they grumble at. Tho Premier in tho course of his speech made somo loforonco to those folks, but ho con- veniently forgot, or romemboiiiig thought it not advisable to say, that thoy havo been found within the walls of tho Legislattiro as vvoll as outside. If wo remember rightly, ho on more than ono occasion has been amongst them. This railway extension, which on Saturday was rogaided, and jnstly regarded, as another great link in tho de- velopment of the Colony, as the oponing np of a district whoso natural wealth is ns great as that oí any part of Alotoria or Now South AArnles, took eighteen years of agitation to- get carried out. "The pig of lead lik-5' pressure" oí many a preaching man's intense stupidity weighed it down, again and again, and conviction only carno when no shred'of argument was left to covor tho ¡n telleciftial'nakodneso'ofttlio Opposition. Mr. Douglas properly reprimanded thoao who decry the Colony in which they lire, though ho, once- again, foi gob to mention that a stolid self-satisfaction is as fatal' to progress as a stolid' fear of moving, and he also forgot, or, perhaps, ho did not on that oc- casion caro-to recall the fact, tlsat he, him- self, had voted ' against the oonstmtetion of tho line, and that his single voto had been on ono occasion fatal to it! However, in recording such an event as that of Saturday, which may be"Bnid to loolfe vory much like Tasmania waking up, wo do' not care to criticise the past acto-' and sayings of those who- aro now no enthuaivatic in what onco appeared to- bo a lost causo, even tUough we may feel inclined to lay baro tho cloven hoof when wo find Satan at his congenial task of'roproving aro. The actual laying, of tho iro» road is the final event of &. long and vory vvoary, and at one time hopeless, series of oveutsi The actual proposal of a railway-a wooden one-to connect Latrobe with Qûloinine, Chudleigh, and come other places was mado as far back as 1857," and wo believe that only two of tho original movers in tho matter now remain. It will bo seen, thereforo, that tho work consummated on Saturday was no rash undertaking, the only wonder being, that BO evidontly a> good thing should have required so much consideration, and'should have mot with so much opposition/ How- ever, the work is now done, and done well. Tho contractors, Messrs. Fergus and Blair, havo constructed a ljno over whioh the trains pass as smoothly as over thoDeloraino Uno, mid wo havo the testimony of competent authority to the factithati tho work is credit- able aliko to them and the Colony, The liberality of the entertainment on Saturday deserves acknowledgment at our hands, and it is but right that we should add ¿hat all the arrangements were mado as complete as they could possibly bo in tho ciroumstances of the caso. Tho gathering was tho largest and most rcpicscntative over seen- on such an occasion in the Colony, and the enthu BiaBin and full conviction of a great future for the district were as cheering as thoy woie novel. Vi% aré convinced that the North-AVest Coast is destined'to. become a moBt prosperous district, inhabited by thou- sands where there aro now hundreds, and that its progress and its prospeiity will be reflected on the rest of the Colony, and bo incentives to further enterprises for the de- velopment of resources which have been allowed to " fust unused." CABLE NIWS.-The Russian, reply to the British proposals as to settlement of the Afghan frontier difficulty has been received in London. Tho maia points urged in the British proposals haye been conceded, and thcro seems now to be no insuperable diffi- culty in concluding a pacific and* satisfactory treaty. Australian AgoarsGenoral, in co- operation with London wino merchants, aro urging a modification of present duties on imported wines. Tho Emperor William, . who has been seriously ill, is now better. Sir Julius Vogol's schomo for lending money to New Zealand farmers at low interest and on security of their farms, finds much dis- favour in London financialcirclcs, the proposal tronding too much upon the operations of existing monetary associations. The Eng- lish harvest prospects are backward. General Graham has once more thought it necessary to officially express his high opinion of, the Australian contingent, and the bright example shown of the latest development of tho military strength of the British Em- pire. The s.s. Aorangi left Cape Town for Hobart on the 29th ult. SLIGHT CASUALTY- ON THE LATROBE LINE. -Yesterday morning, as the train which loft Latrobe at 10-30 was coupling on to some other carriages about mid- journey to Delo- raine, ono ot the hands employed on a bal- lasting train, while assisting, got his thumb, Bovorèly jambed between the Duffers of two carriages, and from which for a fe« moments he could not obtain'' release. Dr. E. L. Crowther, who was among the rjassengors, kindly rendered the sufferer medical assist- ance, and afterwards as kindly raised a sub- scription among the passengers to tide the man over his interval of enforced idleness. EARTH TREMOR.-A somewhat severe earth tremor was felt yesterday at 5*30 by residents in Hobart, it being sufficiently strong to rouse many from their sleep. Our Launceston correspondent telegraphs that it was alBO felt there about tho same time, and some of the visitors to Latrobe experienced the sensation there. UNCLAIMED TELEGRAM.-A message ad- dressed Mr. James Ross is lying at the Telegraph office awaiting an owner. PUBLIC LIBRARY.-The proposal some time since arrived at by tho City Council to have a now entrance to the Public Library has now taken practical effect, to the extent of tenders being called for the work. HOSPITAL ITEMS.-At tho General Hos- pital on Saturday, Samuel 'Patt had his thumb, which had been accidentally cut by a table-knife, dressed. James Florence, labourer, Lower Collins-stroot, was yestor day attended to for a wouud of leg caused by the kick of a horse. THE LATE FIRE AT BHDLKIUVE.-An en- quiry into the cause, of the fire which oc- curred on Tuesday last in a house at Belle- rive will be held to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock. FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION.-Tho adjourned special meeting of tho Tasmanian Football Association will bo held at the Committee room, Town Hall buildings, this evening, at 8 o'clock. MR. BRADDON AT WARATAH.-Wo loam that a misapprehension has taken placo in regard to somo remarks made by Mr. Brad- don in tho course of his recent speech at Waratah. Mr. Braddon did not say that from 15 to 20 per oont. of the peoplo of tho colony «'oro criminal or had boen criminals, hut that if certain electoral prohibitions woro ounetod, from 15 to 20 per cont. of ti . elcotors would bo disqualified on tho ground that tlioy lind been convictod of an oltcnco against the la«\ Of courso, ninny persons ave convicted ovory yoar of offences, puuh as breaches of tho Vaccination Act and other Acts, nntl Mr. Braddon argued that it would bo uuwiso to doprivo those of their rights ns electors, seeing that their offences «'eio cor tninly not in tho nature of criminal ones, though thoy would ho inado so if what was proposed waa carried out. FRANKLIN- ELKCTOIUTK.--air. B^ ?! Bin! will commenco his usual tour of this electo- rate by addressing his constituents at Franklin on tho 5th, and at Geovestown on tho Gth ¡nat, A HEARTY WELCOME.-Mr. W. P. Green, ox-Mayor of Hobart, received an uiioxpeotcd «.oleóme at Launceston on Friday, «-hero ho «'ns met by the Premier, tho Treasurer (also an ex-Mayor), the lion. J. S. Dodds, and tho Hon. N. J. Brown, who woroon their way to tho opening of tho Formby railway. Mr. 'Green «'as congratulated on his roturnlo Tasmania after an absence of two years in England, and invitod to the Formby opening ceremonies of Saturday. Mr. Green's ar- rangements, liowovor, prooludcd his accept anco of tho unexpected invitation. At Campania ho was mot hy His Worship tho Mayor and Aldermen, «'ho «'ero also on their «'ay to Formby, and warmly greeted on his return, whilst at tho railway terminus ho was received hy ox-Mayors G. Crisp, J. Harcourt, and a number of old friends «-ho honrtily cheered tho ox-Mayor on his return to the city. . CONFIRMATION.-A confirmation sorvico was hold in St. David's Cathedial on Satur- day afternoon at 3 o'clock, when Bishop Sandford administered tho rite ot confirma- tion to M boys and 50 girls. The service commenced by tho kneeling congregation singing tho Litany of the Holy Ghost. Canon Bailey having rend tho proface, and tho Bishop given an address, tho Vcni Creator «-as sung kneeling. Tho usual questions having boen asked of the candidates aopnratoly, nu interval of silent intercession ensued, after which tho candi- dates «'ero prctentcd to tho Bishop, whoso thron o had' been placed at tho entrance of tho chaucel'. Tho Bishop having; given a second mid rc3s, tho 2S0th hymn waa Bung, followed by tHo benediction. Bishop Sand- ford shook hands with each of tho candidates upon their leaving the Cathedral. Tho ser vico «'ns a mos" solemn and impressive one, many of tho candidates being visibly nffestcd. Yesterday morning (Trinity Sunday)! the Holy Eucharist Vas colebratod nt 7 o'clock, Rev. H. C. Hancock being the colobraut, as ! sisted by Rev. P. B', Fookes, when those who had been confirmed1 the previous day made their first communion. After the Niceno Creed, tho Rev. Hl-C. Hancock addressed the congregation from- the altar stops, his remarks being specially suited to those who wcr-e present for the'ilrst time. Altogother 12D,communicatcd. CATHOLIC YOUNO MEN'S SOCIETY,-A meeting of this nowly-fornicd society will bo hold this evening in thenacristy, St. Mary's Cathedral, when the Bishop of Hobart will deliver" an address. The" rules of tho Mel- bourne '¡Society have bcc2' adopted and ap- proved of by tho Bishop.- AU who tnko an interest in tho wolfare of tifia- praiseworthy association aro invited to attend tho meet- ing. Y.M.C.A,-The usual Gospel temperance meeting was hold on Saturday evening, at tho association rooms. Thcro «'ns a largo attendance,- Mr. Win. Witt? presiding. Short practical addresses on' temperance matters were given by Messrs A. Kirk, J. Pearce, Totter, and others. Several songs, including a« f|iinrtetto, wcro very well rendered. Mr. Cookhead recited a Jong pieco entitled j. " The Workhouse* Christmas Dinner," and, on tho whole, a very plensant hour was sprot. Several carno up amd signed the temperance plcdgo at tho aloso of the meeting. Thcso Saturday eveniag gatherings scoi.r growing in favour,, and arro likely to do good in tho cauBO off temper- ance. A debata on tho reciprocity question will tnko placo ia the rooms this ercning at 8 o'clock, ITitEKTHoormT LECTURE.-Hndlay's-room was crowded yesterday ovoning to bear Miss Ada Campbell deliver a lecture, the title olí which «'as " Sunday in tho light of reason, its UBo and abuse. " Tho locturcss handled her subject in a very forcible, and alào free and easy manner, interspersing her romarks with sovcral humorous anecdotes. Her chief contention was that peoplo who of a neocssity had to work on a Sunday, such as ar> farmer gathering in hia crop, or a man watering his garden, or.oven in rationally on joying'thom* selves, wore only performing morai' nots. Sunday, of courao, was a day of < rest tor some people who worked hard all the week, and who chose to make it so. Thodeotuross inveighed against what sho terms "the whole kit of parsons," and also against thb assump- tion that the Bible ordained tho present mica of Sabbath observance. Bofore clbBing she snid that as tho parsons took nionoy of a Sunday BIIO meant to do it. She then'read a letter received from tho city corporation warning lier that sho was prohibited from' taking money at tho door of a public building ona Sunday undor ponalty of i a.fine, and remarked she " hoped thoy might'got'it," as sho know as much of law as they did! THEATRE ROYAL.-Tho temporáneo drama of Ten Nights in a Barroom was produced to a rather limited audience at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. lb spite of tho small attendance the piece went well, and the actors seemed to cntor into tho spirit of their parts. Mr, J. L. Hall was amusing as ever in tho character of the Yankee, Samuel S witchell, and ho received good support from Miss Maggio Ford, whoso dancing and singing «'as received with appUiiso. To- night tho performance will bo for the benefit of Mr. Allan Hamilton, the spirited lesseo, when Tom Taylor's well-known comedj of New Men and Old Acres will1 bo produced. Tho performance will bo undor the patronage of His Excellency the Gpvornor, tho Mayor, and Aldormon of Hobart, tho membors of the OrphcuB Club, and the loading citizens, and should provo most BiicoesBful Both from a financial and an artistic point of view. By Sermission of Colonel Loggo tho Garrison ¡and will bo in attendance, and play a number of selections of music, and Mr. Robins, the scenic artist-, will show tho secrets of his mystic art by painting, in full view of the audience, a whole scene in tho short timo of eight minutes* With all theso attractions, coupled with tho fact that Mr. Hamilton, during his lessceship,, has placed before the public ever changing programmes, there should bo a bumper house on the ocea-' sion of his benefit. CITY POLICE Coimi.-At the City Polico Court on Saturday the bench was occupied by the Polico Magistrate (Mr. AV. Tarleton) and Mr. George Crisp, J.P, Martha Ah Tyo or Bliss, the wife of a Chinaman, pleaded not guilty to having been drunk and disorderly the previous evening in Livorpool-Btreet. Constables AVithrington and Walker depoBcd to accused jostling passers-by, and behaving in a disorderly manner. Tho caso was found proven, and a fine of Ss., with the alternative of seven days' imprisonment, waa imposed. The same woman waB then accused of having behaved in a violent manner in the polico station. Sergeant Blakney said she was very violent, shouting at the top of her voice, and knocking at the door of the coll for two or three hours without intermission. He warned her, but she took no notice, and ho thon Baid he would ohargo her. By prisoner : He brought a drink of water to her about 10 minutes after BIIC was locked up, but she recommenced knocking almost immediately, The Polico Magistrate said sliu was a very violent woman, and as sho had been several times previously convicted, she would have to pay a fine of 20s. Gd., or go one month to gaol. Catherine Brunt, or Reilly, pleaded guilty to having disturbed the poace in a yard abutting on High-street, and was fined 10s, Gd. with the option of going 14 days to prison, Catherino Jones was accused of having on tho 29th ult. convoyed spirituous liquors into the Now Town Charitable Insti- tution, and of having been found drunk therein. She pleaded guilty, and waa fined 10s. Gd., with the option of going 14 days to prison. Eliza Smith was charcred with having been drunk and incapable at New Town, and pleading guilty, was ordored to pay ßs. or go to pr'son for seven days. TASMANIAN BICYCLE CLUB,-The Tas- manian Bicycle Club held their usual weekly run on Saturday last. The following mem- bers assembled at the Post Office at 2.30, viz.:-Messrs. G. H, Hinsby (capt.), H. E. Horne, Albt. McGregor, H. Barrett, T. V. Hood, W. Clewer, W. A. Pretyman, A. F. Sharland, and P. P. Wilkinson. A start was made for Brown's River, and after a smart ride the destination was reached in good time. Having remained about 30 minutes at Kingston the cyclists started on the return journey for town, which was reached shortly before 6 o'clock. It might be mentioned that Mr. A. F. Sharland was mounted on a Kangaroo Safety Bicycle, purchased during his visit to Sydney with the Tasmanian eight-oared crew. HOBART CYCLING CLUB.-The annual general meeting of the above club will be held this evening at the club-room, Eliza- beth-street. The chair will be taken by the president of the club at 8 o'clock sharp. MKKOANTIM: BOVVINO CLUII.-Tcndors for tho erection of now sheds for fliis club closes to day at Mr. Hunter's oflico at noon. Tho committee moot to-night, and decido upon contractor. Mr. T. B. Jenkinson informs IIB that tho racing boats sold by tho Mncqunrio Club havo been purchased by three members of tho commlttoo, who have gene- rously placed thcin nt the disposal of mom* hors for tho pair-oar races for Whito and Walkor trophies, orows for which vvill bo picked to-night. Tun LATE Mn. J. AA'ISOIAN.-This gen- tleman, who was ono of tho early citizens of Hobart, died at tho rcsidouco of his oldost son, Mr, James Wiseman, at Auokland (N.Z.), on tho 11th Instant, at tho advanced ago of 81 yoars. For vory many years Mr, AVisoman was one of tho leading saddlors of Hobart, and traded with success. In the financial ciisia of 18(58, however, Mr, Wiso mon was induced lo roliro from business and spend his declining years with hiscldostson, who had successfully established himself in tho same line ol business, which during tho i last Now Zoaland war was a fortuno to any enterprising man, in Auokland. Hero tho good old man spent his days in peaceful re- tirement. Mr. AA'iscmnn was a loading member of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church for very many yoars, nud was esteemed by all who know him. Ho was con- nected with tho lato Mr. Wilson, of tho A'cw Zealand Herald, who, himself an old Hobar tim, gave tho eldostaon of his deceased kins- man a start on his reaching Auckland which led to fortune. Mr. AVisoman was a nativo of Scotland, and tho few of his old Monds who still Biirvivo will learn of his death with rogrot, not unmixed with ploasuro, for ho died ns ho lived, with a good name, at a good old ago. Tun EMPEROR WILLIAM.-On the occasion of tho Emperor AVilliam'a birthday, tho Standard mado tho following remarks :-If tho Emperor "William wero nothing moro than what is called, in the vulgar idiom of tho day, a " connecting link " botween our times and times which for most mon aro only a part of history, lie would still bo an eminently interesting figuro. But, as all tho world knows, he belongs to our days evon moro linly than ho bolongs to tho days that dawned and died so long ago. Uo com- mands our respect not morely by what ho has done and witnessed, but by what ho is still doing, and hy what ho may yet do. A\re watch him, it is truo, as a splendid monument of tho events by which the pro- sont was shaped, but wo contemplate him also as a guiding and abiding iujlucnco in the shaping of tho futuro. Ho has boon tho grcnt instrument in malting tho Gorman Empire. That would ho enough to stamp him as oco of tho memorable rulers of men, but ho stands before O orman y and Enropo in a light moro splendid than any that can bo reflected from tho pages of History. Ho still presides over tho great nation which has grown into lifo beneath his sceptre. Tin: TIIHKK EMrEnons.-" The meeting of I the throo Emporora this year will folio placo i in September at tho castlo of a Galician > nobleman of high standing," states tho Ber- lin correspondent of the Standard'. " Tho castle is on Austrian soil, hut is situated very near tho Russian frontier. The annual repetition of tho Imperial meeting is known to1 be eagerly desired, especially by tho Em- peror William, who looks on each occasion as 3! means of demonstrating tho continnnnoo of another year's peace, in a manner highly significant in itsolf, without being an avowed' political demonstration. Keeping this ¡dca in viewr the ¡mportanco of tho determina- tion which has just been arrived at to havo another meeting this year cannot bo mis- taken: it must be accepted as a proof that not only the Sovereigns, but also tho leading statesmen of the three great empires, con- sider peace to be secured for another year, and in this peace botween England and Rus Bia is naturally included, This information will probably be eontradiotcd by all semi- official orgmis, as vvns my announcement lnst year of tho approaching Slticrnivice moot- ing. But now, as then, it will bo found cor- rect." FnuiT AS AN- AKTICT.K OF DAILY DIHT. The Lancet says.--Ono of tho most Balutary tendencies of domestic management in our day is that which aims at assigning to fruit a favoured'place in our ordinary diet. Tho nutrient value of such food, in virtue of its component starchy and saccharine materials, is genoraíly admitted ; and whilo these sub- stances cannot bo said to equal in accumula- ted forco tile moro solid ingredients of meat and animal fat, thoy are similarly useful in their own degree, and havo, moreover, i the advantage of groator digestibility, I Their conversion" within tho tissues is j also attended'with less friction and pressnro on tho conBtrootive machinery. The locally stimulant aetion of many suhacid fruits on tho mucous membrane deserves mention. Ita control of a too active peptic scciction, and its influence of attraction exercised upon the alkaline and aporient intestinal juico, aro points of mora than superficial importance, ' To this action further effects, which aid the maintenance of a pure and vigorous circula- tion, aro indireatly dno. Thus it follows on the simplest principles of physiology, that other essontial' organs, such as tho skin and kidnoys, aro relieved by tho transference of part of their excretory function to tho bowel, and act with greater case, the genornl vascular system is lightened by this regu- lating drain, and its faculty of abaoibing the waste producto of food and work is encou- raged in proportion. Almost all persons in fairly normal health may partako of sound and ripo fruit in greater or loss amount. Except in certain cases, indeed, there is practically no exact limit to its consump- tion undor these circumstances. Among such exceptions may bo noted tho gouty, and rheumatic diatheses, A tendency to- diarrhcea or a dysenteric history obviously forbids the free or frequent uso of fruiir. Saccharino diabetes, or nervous conditions ¡n which it ia apt to appear, are similarly anta- gonistic- at all events vvhero any but Ino non-amyloid fruits, such as nuts, aro con- sidered. Dyspeptic stomachs, on the other hand, are usually benefited by a modnrato allowance of this light and stimulating fàro. It muBt bo romombored, moreover, that every fruit is not equally wholesome, let tho digestion be as powerful as it may, Huts, for example, consisting as they do, for the most part, of condensed albu- minoid and fatty matters, cannot compare in acceptance, eithor by the palato or tho stomach, with other moro succulent kinds, evon though they contain in the sams bulk a far greater amount of nutriment, A little of such fruit is enough for digestion, and that littlo is bcBt cooked. Nevertheless, if wo tako fruit as a wholo, ripo and1 sound of course, and consider its variety, its lightness and nourishing properties, whoSher eaten alone or with other food, and its-cheap abun- dance, wo cannot hesitate to add our voice in support of ita just claima on. public atten- tion. In former articles we havo shown why vegetable produce of all-kind's should cntor largely into tho food of children. AVcll cliOBcn fruits aro consequently for thom as safe and beneficial as agreeable. Tho Rifle Regiment wild parado this oven-' inp, at half-past 7 o'clock» at the Barracks. The Southern Rosorve Forco will parado to-morrow evening, at half-past 7 o'clock, at tho Barracks. tßr Wo aro requested to call attontion to an announcement in another column of the sale of tho lato Mr. T. W. Boll's furniture, pictures, and choice collection of pot plants, etc. Tho lastnamed aro said to ho unrivalled in Tasmania. The sale will bo hold by Mr. W. T. Boll, and will take placo on the pre- mises, Ashfiold, St. Leonards, near Launces- ton, on TllURSPAY, Juno 4, at 11 o'clock sharp. _^^^^___^^_ 