Demerara and its Negtoe«. The Demerarian negro is a being whose acquaintance is well worth making. He may have many points in common with other descendants of Ham scattered over the lace of the earth ; but he has also his own peculiar characteristics. He is an Englishman, in the first place. No man can be more grateful to a kind Providence than he, that he was not born a Frenchman, or a Russian, or a Heathen Chinee. He revels in the naval and military traditions ofthe Anglo Saxon race, and, when he describes some thrilling battle incident, there is all the air about him which the pious .ASneas had, when that devoted son, but faithless lover, remarked, "Quorum pars magna fui." The negro disclaims niggerdom completely. One sable gentleman has been heard to observe to another, " You're a niggah 1" and the other has retorted, " You only a niggah yourself." Neither would admit the soft impeachment, though ready enough to hurl the term of reproach. No; the black man, as a subject of Queen Victoria, ignores what is known in the tropics as the " touch of the tarbrush," and, doing so, has wider scope for his imitative faculties. Though the week may find him in the homeliest costume doing the three or four days work to which he may condescend, on Sundays, at funerals, at dances, and at weddings, he can vie with the mashers of Europe in the cut of his garments and in the glory of his gait. His silk hat is worn after the manner of his ideal, whether clergyman or soldier, gravely posed upon the head or cocked on one side. The eyeglass is manipulated with judgment, and Hyde Park can boast no more discrimination in the fingering of the gloves and the walking cane. His shoes or boots are overdone perhaps, being commonly of patent leather. This error is not due to want of willingness to walk in the steps of his pastors and masters, but the negro foot is a formidable pediment, and patent leather is soft and yielding ; so that the self-imposed tortures of vanity are felt less acutely than with a tougher specimen of the tanner's art. In his choice of a name, too, he fails to be thoroughly English. Mr Jeremiah December, or Prince Pompey Julius Caesar, are not among the normal baptismal gifts of English parents to their children. Moreover, Mr December prefers long words to short ones, and, in the pursuit of this fad of his, he would put Mrs Malaprop to the blush, more especially as his grip of the more insignificant particles of speech is not an assured one. With reference to " English as she is spoke" in Demerara, it may be observed that many quaint phrases have spread, perhaps, irom the negroes into the verbiage of the Creole, white, and coloured population. "Too" is used with a comingling of the significations of " quite," " very," and " altogether." It will be observed, " So and so is too worthless," " She is too sick." " Ever since" is made to equal " a long time." If you ask a boy how long he has been waiting for you, he will probably answer " Ever since," meaning either "a long time" or "some time." It is usual also to say " Where you were yesterday ?" instead of "Where were you yester- day?" Colloquialisms such as these, so far as they are common among white people, are probably the result of the constant intercourse of children with black nurses. The dark lady has a very good opinion of herself. A negro cook may summon the passing fruitvendor thus :—" Black lady with the plantains, white woman upstairs want for to buy." The cook in question is shoe and stockingless. Her garments in domestic service are neither rich nor rare; but next week she is going to marry Martin Luther Alexander Erasmus. Poor as she and Mr Erasmus may be, they know what is due to themselves, and they prepare with a vengeance for the great festival of their lives. The cook matches her feet with the white satin slippers, which are to mould them into some semblance of the tiny delights ofthe Chinese Empress. Beg, borrow, steal, or save—however it is done, Erasmus and the cook will appear before the parson in splendour of array which will compare with anything to be seen at St George's, Hanoversquare. When the party return home, champagne will flow like water, dancing will wage fast and furious till the guests retire, singing their usual parting salutation, " Mr Bride and Mrs Bride, you know what you have to do," and so on. Next morning, cook takes the empty champagne bottles round to the Portuguese shop to buy salt fish for breakfast. This pawning is necessary, for the wedding guests have conveyed away with them the remnants of last night's feast, and cash and credit are alike wanting after the lavish expendi ture. Yet Erasmus and the cook will not blame themselves, nor feel humiliated by their descent into poverty out of ephemeral brilliance For once, cook has felt herself more than the equal of the " white woman, and, for once, Erasmus has outshone his master. If the visible world holds much consolation and light for the negro, the same cannot be said of what is known as the night side of nature. Ghosts and spirits of all kinds are often the unwelcome visitants of Prince Julius Caesar or Mr Martin Luther; but of all phantom nuisances, or awesome pests, Jumbey is the one most feared and feted. If he takes possession of a garden or a house he is kindly treated, and there are no bounds to the hospitality shown him. Salt fish, the bes plantains, the most toothsome pepperpot, the crispest and most delicately browned cassava bread, are placed before him. He is a thirsty spirit, too, and this, by the way, is a fact suggestive of gruesome possibility anent the climate of his ordinary place of residence; for rum he adores, and beer he is addicted to, and his howls have been awful when the pangs of his dreadful thirst have been left unsoothed. Boiled rice and fowl are favorite dishes of Jumbey, and the votive throng do not hesitate to encourage him by sharing the feast, nor do they watch too closely to see if the demon gels his fair share. Pompey and Erasmus, however, have a much more real reverence for that living pest, the Obeah Man. Obeahism exercises a m.iU ficent influence over them in spite of missionary effort. Although it cannot compare with the atrocities of Vaudoux worship in Hay", it is not improbably a cognate form ot that heritage from the wild superstitions of the erstwhile Dark Continent. The Obeah Man is a wizard, who wandere here and there, collecting much the same materials as went into the witches' cauldron in "Macbeth." With these and his incantations, he enchants, bewitches, and exercises the baleful influence of the evil eye. His sway over the mind ol the blacks is bad enough, and moreover, he is probably tempted, to fulfil his prophecies and justify his claim to be an enchanter by criminal action. Here he is aided by his knowledge of the numerous noxious and poisonous herbs of the tropics, and is probably the primary cause of many strange phenomena of blood poisoning, and of some mysterious deaths. It is not difficult even for him to get at the white man's coflee by utilizing for his fell purpose the superstitious terror of the black cook. As an instrument of private vengeance for personal injuries he is an object of respect, while he can be used as a threat. The poor creature who fancies himself a victim of the Obeah Man's attentions has by no means a pleasant time of it. We must not omit to mention two most amiable qualities of the Demerarian negro. He is a very kind nurse in sickness, and he has also the heritage of his race—a large sense of humour. His intelligence is on the qui vive for the ludicrous. A joke that may be so subtly conceived as to glance off the very Northern mind of some people, like "water off a duck's back," is detected at once by Mr Pompey. Then he is convulsed with laughter, and his merriment is contagious. The shining teeth and gleaming eye, by their sympathy with fun, do their part in helping to mitigate some of the monotony of the equatorial climate. 