Bags and I. Bt T. O:T. Chapter XXII.— - 'Continued) . Tom is a great favourite, making friends for himself on every side by no particular effort. But there ate some people who have such a large measure dealt to them of quick, ready sympathy with their fellow-men that their passage in life is marked by the bright smiles left behind, and who in little ways do kind, good-hearted actions which would never enter into the heads of their less-favoured, well-intentioned brethren. Those are they who stumble through die world so keenly on the look out for opportunities in fhc future as to pass by unwittingly those of the present. Oh ! but a kind word is never thrown away ; and though we hear tales of the thankless ingratitude of the common race, are there not many instances, my friends, where a gentle touch to some smarting wound will heal it over, -and the hand which gave the touch is remembered long years after with warmth and tenderness ? Tom, in his odd way, does such kindly things as these, which may not seem of great account at the time, but by and-by, when one goes over past days for old sake's sake, his great big heart peers out from many a comer, smiting one with wonder at all he did. Mankind fraternise readily, and by the time girls begin to thaw their acquaintance is firmly established. Acting upon this, Tom is able to give me lengthy descriptions of most of the visitors in the house. He is vastly amused over, some girl, who is evidently bent on making the must of her time, having wearied of her single blessedness, and pining for the life matrimonial. ' Like all girk,' Tom adds. 'How are the mighty fallen that such base motif cs should be attributed to unhappy women, and simply because the all important question belongs wholly and solely to that glorious creature man ! The silliest, most empty-headed nincompoop may claim his right, believing, hi his arrant conceit, that every girl is only waiting to be naked, thankful to take him. Conceit it is that puffs man up ; conceit that makes the world go round. On, (hat the tables might be turned, and folks put through their facings ! How different it could be. Man, shorn of his conceit, would shrivel up and dwindle away.' 'You would remodel tho world after some very good patterns, if you only had the chance of trying them. Alas, that euch a noble aim should but be born to die in the frustration of that mighty word. Impossible. But surely, jesting apart, you think a man ought to have some opinion of himself f You would not like to sec him sneaking through his life, crushed down by the weight of the desponding truth, that he is nothing and a nobody ?' ' There is no need for him to sneak ; he might still hold his head high and look the world in the face.' ' ' Impossible, without a certain amount of pride, in knowing himself to be honest and justified in doing so. With that pride, others cry, the man is treading dangerously near the prescribed limits of conceit. No, no ; (here is a propei kind of conceit, which spurs one on to make a name ibr himself , and to hold it against allcomers.' ' My dear Tom, you are confounding pride with conceit. Pride in his name prompts man to do rigat for right's sake alone, because he would not lower himself in his own es teem to the level of a mean action. That is wherein all honour lies. Such, a man is noble from bis very 6oul. Conceit is altogether'different. Anyone can be conceited without waiting, or indeed wishing to aspire to the higher standard of self-esteem-r-conceited about anything or nothing, merely because it is one of tho functions of his being.^ 'True enough ; but with tho self-esteem you speak of a man easily grows conceited in congratulating himself upon the virtue. You will allow that ? ' ' Not necessarily, but in mauy cases it may be so ; for, weak mortals that we are, in conquering one evil, who is to be sure ho is not fostering another ? Heigho ! it is hard to know where to draw the line. Now, as every wilful pm» must have his way, and I having gained mine in flic last argument, we will dismiss our homily on the conceit of . man, and return to the' pitiable weakness with which you charge this aspiring girl. Who is 6hc? What is sue? Where does she conic from P There is a whole string of questions to answer.' ' 1 don't know where she came from, excepting that her married sister lives in Brighton, and that Miss Mowbray stayed with her a few weeks ago ; they returned together, ana were hero when I arrived. She Is altogether gone on some good-looking fellow; it's a rare bit of fun to watch them. She runs after him all day ; everyone knows what it means.' 'Andhe? How does ho like it?' ' Not a little bit, poor beggar ; thinks it an infernal nuisance. When there's the ghost of a chance he cuts, but Miss Branscombe is after him like a shot.' ' Yes, I know of old,' 1 6ay, laughing. Why do wo always laugh over thesmauness of our neigh bours, enjoying jokes heartily at their expense, and anxious — how very anxious— to screen our own foibles ? 'There cannot be two Eva Branaconibe's in the world, and as we came over in (he same 6hip to England I know her little ways.' 'You have met her? Then we have many good laughs in store, Nell.' 'And the man you speak of, whom she is hankering after, which is he }*' I ask, as we stroll round in full view of the lawn. ' He's a tall, dark fellow ; rather cold and reserved at first, but uot half bad when you know him. He and I get on very well. He is not here this afternoon ; prefers stalking round the country to lounging about the place ; but I'lLpoint him out to you this evening, not that you will require to be shown, for Miss Branscombe makes a dead set at him die moment he enters the room.' ' But his name/- You have not told mo yet.' 'His name!' '? ' Nell, como and have some tea,' Edith calls as we draw near; so our somewhat lengthy chat is cut short, and I must wait to hear more of the unfortunate by-and-by. On entering the drawing-room with Edith some few hours Liter, the first to greet us is the charming Eva herself. She has heard of my arrival, and is prepared to receive me. 'So this is my little friend. How do you do, my dear Nell ? How you have altered — improved beyond measure from the delightfully natural, though sometimes rather blunt, small child whom I knew ! I can scarcely recognise the same girl. Circumstances change one so : don't you find it the case? Let me 6ee, how many years have passed since we met on that great, splendid steamer P Two. is it ? Not more ; no, surely it cannot be more.' ? Just the same as ever even to the curious habit of scanning (he room with curious eye in search of some woebegone dee votoe whom she can warm into hope by a sweet girlish smile. The object of her search has not yet appeared; so taking her station opposite the door she anxionsly watches all new comers. As (he gong sounds Douglas Amhorst walks in, (he last man I should have expected to see. I am utterly amazed and simply stare in astonishment. ' He it is on whom Bva'a affections are centered, for she greets him with a cheerful nod and blush, 'by which he does not seem exceedingly enraptured; on the contrary, moves in an opposite direction, when suddenly he stops, looks steadfastly at me a moment, then crosses the room. 'Miss Stuart! Surely I cannot be mistaken. When did you arrive ? I had no idea you were coming.' ' Only (his afternoon,' I reply ; unfeignedly glad to find he has not forgotten me. ' What a long time it is since we met in those Christmas holidays at the Chestnute !' ' You have been there several times, have you not? My last visit* were rather doU. Unfortunately there was no ?????;?'£*-:? skating,' he says, with an amused smile, which makes me wish sincerely I* had npt made such an exhibition of my un gainliness in those childish days. There arc some things one does not care to reflect upon with increasing years which should be buried with the past. 'I have been more lucky. Last winter the river was ?well frozen, so Aunt Margaret and I used to skate a great deal, and I appreciate it more and more.' Dinner is announced, and an evil star ordains that I am to be told off with a Mr. Price, a man with nerves and suavity, objectionable qualities both — an infliction to him self and mankind generally. Dinner is not an ordeal now. I take huge interest in regarding my neighbours and gathering up fragments of disjointed conversations, a mean practice of which I ought to be heartily ashamed. My companion is a great advocate for the merits of dinner in itself, and thoroughly appre ciates the skill of mine hostess in. ordering her table. Taci turnity is commendable in the highest degree in those who have nothing to say. Neither of us shine, he being too much engrossed, and I— well ! I suppose too much interested in my surroundings. After dinner is that trying interval when none of us exert ourselves to entertain our kind till the nobler creation make (heir appearance. At the creak of the dining-room door the matrons bustle into something approaching animation, while the younger generation brighten into brisk satisfac tion. Later comes the inevitable music, when everyone signally distinguishes either himself or herself for better or worse before the critical audience arrayed, in state. Eva pipes some plaintive little song, of which no one hears a word. She is wonderfully energetic at accompaniments, and offers her services right and left. Tom is asked to sing, and crosses the room to me. ' Nell, will you play this ? Please do.' In vain. I assure him of my dubious powers, prophesying some terrific results. He says it will not matter as long as I keep going, for Eva has performed so far, adding, as a final piece of consolation, that nothing could be worse. Ruefully, I comply ; but my crestfallen predictions proved wrong for once. We pull through nobly, and fed quite elated by our joint success. Tom sings very well, having a good fresh voice, perhaps not as highly cultivated as might bo. Sometimes one can dispense with that. When the song is finished, seeing my chair is taken, we walk over to the large open window and stand there talking for some few minutes. Douglas comes by, and, toeing us together, stops. Some particularly bald performance is going on at the piano, to which we are in duty bound to listen. Strange, is it, not that the worst musicians are ever those whom one hears most ? As our conversation is effectually sus pended, I take up some book of views and idly turn the pages. 'You don't care a scrap for music, Miss Stuart,' Douglas says, when the songster has done his worst. ' Don't I '{ Well, perhaps not in its most inclusive sense. But, oh ! there is music so exquisite that surely no oue could be so absolutely of the earth and earthy as not to recognise its beauty. 'You are enthusiastic; I did not think you cared so much. Which music do you like best ?' ' What a difficult question to answer ! Mine is such a limited knowledge — for though, like most people, I recollect any number of popular airs from different composers, with out being able to tell which they are, I only really know two great masterpieces wclL and they are totally different: ?Fanst ' and « The Creation,' ' ' Oh ! -you have heard ' Faust.' Is it not splendid?' ' Mrs. Admin took me when I was in Loudou. It was, of course, a great treat ; but I liked ' The Creation ' a long, long way the best.' ' Why did you not care for 'Faust?'* ' Who said I did not care for it ? But you will be hor rified when I confess it disappointed me dreadfully. The rra was almost sacred in my eyes, and could calm me m. when everything else failed ; but seeing it on the stage dragged the ideal ruthlessly down from the height at. which I worshipped, for the spiritual had resolved itself into the material.' 'How strongly you feel things. Just the same as tho little girl I knew,' he says, amusedly. ' Well, what about 'The Creation?'' ' ' The creatiou ? I don't know what to say. If you can imagine yourself bowed down with wonder at that which rises far, far above, like an echo approaching the divine, you will ynHnrgfanfl what I felt.' 