traveller. Three Weeks in Southland, N.Z. Br Frank Mobley, (Continued.) From Kingston to Queenstowu the scenery is comparatively tame for Lake Wakatip; although, if the tourist were to limit his ex cursion to Qaeenstowa, he would probably be under the impression that the gorges and mountains that be passed in review as the little Mountaineer steamed on its way were tolerable specimens of nature under difficul ties. Eyery quarter of a mile or bo a minia ture cascade would come tumbling down from the mountains, and some of them never reached the Lake at all but were frozen in their course, and remained hanging like a fL * *.,p8rtly loet amid tfae dense growth of cabbage palms, ferns, and scrub, which clothed the western elope of the moun tains from the -water's edge. Although Tennypon, so far as I know, never visited Lakfc V/^katip, 1m has described the appearance of those tiny rivuletB to per fection in the Lotos listers— ♦ Like a silver (bread the slender stream ^H» snd p&U56;, &ud; fall again did schii." About half-way between Kingston and Queens town the nvor Locby comes tumbling down a gloomy gorge, guarded by two snow capped mountains, which stand like sentinels watch ing the river as it rushes over its shingly bed to mingle its waters with the mighty Wakatip. This is called Half-way Bay—a very prosaic name for the first romantic spot which greets the traveller on his way to the more gor geous scenery at the head of the lake. In the meantime the little Mountaineer i.* steaming along past the snow cappcd moun tains^ which appear to cIopc in behind her, and in front present an impenetrable wall, where i " Ilills peep o'er hills, and Alps on Alps arise 1" until the very grandeur of the scene become; monotonous, and I descend into the little cabin, where I find my coinmcrcial friend eound asleep over a yellow back novel, on the crimson cushions of the co.=y little saloon. I also endeavor to become interested in a French novel which I had picked np pro miscuously in a Sydney book-stall; and if J the novel was not quite so enthralling as the I title of " La Femme de Cire " would lead one I to expect, it was certainly amusing to read a j Frenchman's opinions of the " ladies and I ' gentleman New-YorJ/sis," which were per J haps more original than correct. I According to this veracious Frenchman [ the average "gentleman Neio-Yorkais" mar- { ries one week and is divorced the next. His I life is a choice mixture of true religion and I brandy cock-tails, tempered " avec le re-1 volver." j The hero of this choice specimen of Gaelic J literature is one James Gobson, who in the j opening chapter playfully knocks one of his I wife's teeth out, and artistically cuts off her I left ear. He then disappears into the Rocky I mountains, from whence he despatches a j band of Bed Indians, who capture his wife j from the centre of a circle of admiring j friends who, at her invitation, are enjoying! the delights of " un bal masque /" The body I of a woman is subsequently found floating in the river, and is identifiedas Miss IdaBickard I (otherwise Mrs. Gobson). By the way, Mrs. I Gobson is always called Mixs Ida, which is j an additional proof of the author's familiarity j with American manners and customs. James I Gobson is suspected of being the murderer of j his wife, whose supposed body has been identified; and he is about to be arrested I when he coolly walks into the detective office j with a cigar in his mouth. In spite of bis I assertions that Ida Bickard is still alive, he is I about to be hanged, to the great satisfaction { of a Yankee mob, who are yelling for his j blood, when Ida Bickard herself turns up. I The living Ida Bickard and the dead Ida Bickard are as much alike as Cassar and Pompey; and the new-comer is also minus a J tooth and an ear in a precisely similar man- j ner to the corpse. The supposed murderer, j James Gobson, is now released amid the en- j thusiastic acclamation of the mob which, I only five minutes before, wss howling for his J blood. Then the divorced Mr. and Mre. I Gobson are re-married, and the presumption j is that the playful Gobson will now proofed j to cut off his wife's other ear and knock out I another tooth or so, in the accustomed man- J ner of the "gcnbUme,n New-Yorkais." But a j preternaturally acute detective, William Dow, still persists in believing that James Gobson I has killed his wife ; so he has a cast of the I dead Ida Bickard taken in wax; and) this " Femme de Cire" plays a very im- j portant part in unravelling the mysteries of I the rather ghastly story. It appears that { James Gobson, who must have been a very I nice man for a small tea-party, had killed his wife, and married his deceased wife's sister, j Then he had cut off his deceased wife's sister's I ear, and knocked out one of his deceased J wife's eister's teeth in order to make the re-j semblance of the twin sisters more exact, j Then he re-marries his deceased wife's bister, 1 pretending that she is his deceased wife, j whom he thus practically demonstrates not j to be deceased at all. In the long run, of j course, James Gobson is hanged; but it] would have been much better if he had been I hanged in the first chapter, both for the! writer and reader of this remarkable novel. I But while my friend the commercial is ] snoring on one side of the little saloon, and 11 am trying to become interested in this gory j tragedy on the other, the Mountaineer is ] speeding on her way to Queenstown, and] from the little windows of the saloon I can I see that we are still passing gloomy gorges I and snow-capped mountains, which appear to ] be getting wilder and more rugged the further j we proceed. We reach Queenstown about 4 J o'clock, and a most charming little hamlet I it looks with the little white houses, putting j one in mind of a township of Liliput, on the j shores of a perfect little miniature bay, I backed by mountains of brobdingnsgian pro- j portions. | As our steamer slowly made for the little j jetty we had time to take a good view of the j little town and its surroundings before getting I too close to lose the effect of the scene as a J whole. I To our right, as we steamed in, was a sort j of little peninsula, planted with blue gums— j a tree which seems to flourish better in New I Zealand than in Australia; and, indeed, 11 question whether the Tasmanian blue gum is | not quite as much at home in New Zealand j as in its native island. As we stand on the I deck of the steamer and look over the little I peninsula which helps to form the little bay, I our view is stopped by a rugged mountain ( mass which shoots straight np from the water, I and looks like a gigantic cross-cut saw with J teeth 6,000 feet high, pointing skyward, and I over which some playful Titans had scattered I Soar in sport. These are " the BemarkaMe I Mountains;" but why they should be more I remarkable than the ten thousand other I mountains which are visible at the same time, j it is hard to say. They are certainly rugged and steep, and razor backed; with angry I looking black teeth jutting out of the pure j white snow which vainly tries to cling to the 1 smooth, shining surface, springing up almost 1 perpendicularly until lost in the clouds and mists. They are old and haggard looking ; scarred and seamed, and torn with the storms j and tempests, and frosts of ten million years 1 or more; but tbey are no more remarkable J than any one, or any ten thousand other mountains which crowd and jostle each other for standing room around Lake Wakatip. By this tune we are at the Queenstown wharf, and a large proportion of the inhabi tants of Queenstown, in the shape of two men and a boy, are there to witness our disembark-1 ation. Half of the entire passenger list of the! Mountaineer, from Kingston to Queenstown, leave the steamer at the lat ter port, when my friend the Commercial steps on shore. He m bound for the Arrow, a mining township about fifteen miles farther on, and the centre of a considerable diggings, about which the name of the Shotover recalls familiar recollections. But before he goes we adjourn to Eichardt'6 hotel, where we drink our first whisky since leaving the Elbow. The hospitable and motherly landlady welcomes my travelling companion as an old acquaintance; and as I have only a limited time at my command, she advises me to go on by the boat to the head of the Lake, and return to Queenstown by the Sarah-Jane, another of the Wakatip steam boats. At 5 o'clock, then, the third whistle of the Mountaineer (which, by the way, sounds more like a fag-born) breaks the silence, and rever berates from the hills, and advises all pas sengers to embark. It was nearly dark when wo backed away from the Queens town wharf. The mists were gathering thick upon the mountains; and these snow draped giants looked like so many ghosts brooding over some black tarn in a gigantic spirit land. Now we arc swal lowed up in the darkness, and the last lights of Qucenstown have disappeared. With nothing visible but the inky black water, of which one is only conscious by the percep tion of an added blackness, and an occasional glimpse of a ghostly something on our right, which, disappearing stern ward, we presume to be the rocky shore of the lake within reach, almost, of an outstretched hand; while high above our head, and apparently overarching the lake, and reaching out to meet each other in the gloom, are huge masses of darkuces visible; these we instinc tively accept as the mountains everlastingly towering to the sky, and now only visible be cause more blackly invisible than the murky vault above them. In such a scene as this it must have been that Edgar Allen Poc conceived his mystical poem, Ulalume:— " The skies they were ashen and sober; The leaves they were crisped and sere— Tue leaves they were withering and sere; It was night in the lonesome October Of my most immemorial year. It was hard by the dim lake of Auber, In the misty mid region of Weir— It was down by the dark tarn of Auber, In the ghoui-haunted woodland of Weir." In such a scene as this the poet wandered " through an alley Titanic of cypress " with Psyche his soul. But it requires the soul of a poet to extract the hidden beauties of such a sccne as this. Hidden they are indeed; for there is absolutely nothing but darkness visible, unless what may be visible " to the mind's eye, Horatio." But here comes the captain, who, up to this point, has been upon the bridge, and wc get into conversation about things in general and Lake Navigation in particular. The ship's certificate, hanging at the head of the companion-way, gives us the following information about our captain and his vessel:— Name of the steamer: Mountaineer. Port of registry: Danedin. Name of master: Edward Thomas Wing. Registered tonnage: G6. And 1 may as well acknowledge at once that I was very much exercised in my mind as to the reason why such a good seaman who, like Captain Corcoran, has " sailed the ocean blueand who, moreover, is a genial, worthy gentleman, should be content to navigate Lake Wakatip in a toy steamer. But Captain Thomas Wing knows what he is about, and doubtless he has good and potent reasons for sticking to a post which is cer tainly less profitable than others that he might easily aspire to. It is not to be sup posed that navigating Lake Wakatip is less difficult than intercolonial navigation. Under certain conditions, I should think it would be much more hazardous. Here we are now steaming along full speed in pitchy darkness without a solitary light or land mark visible. On our right is a rocky wall plunging down into unfathomable depths. We cannot see the rocky shore, but we know, or at least suppose, it is within say four hun dred yards of our starboard bow. On our left is another rocky wall, springing from equally unfathomable depths. These two rocky walk are constantly altering their position in ac cordance with the serpentine twists of the lake—or rather the lake alters to suit their contortions. Bight in front of us, and stretching across the lake from wall to wall— we cannot say from shore to shore, as there is practically no shore—are a series of rocky islands, through which, in the blackness of darkness, the captain, by some sort of blind instinct or inspiration, has to thread hie way, Ocean navigation is mere child's play to this. Here, ten minutes' steaming in a wrong direction, or past a ccrtain point (w!-iich point in the darkness can only be guessed at), and the vessel is hurled upon a wall of rock; and if she were the Great Eastern herself she would be swallowed up, and leave not a ripple on the surface in less than five minutes. There, out in the high seas, if the captain is dubious of his position, he can turn his vessel's head towards the South Pole, or wherever he likes into illimi tible waters, and steam away with safety until daylight. (To be continued.) 