3STEE3DLES: Short, Sharp, Shiny. Football. "Patience." Poultry show. "Little Duke." "Wages of Sin." Norwood v. Ports. Adelaides v. Souths. Hounds at Walkerville. Matinee at the Academy. Very like a whale. Rain in the north. Junketing yesterday. Spain a little calmer. A Spanish duel at Yap. Reil the rebel to be hanged. Lord Carrington banqueted. Dunedin appreciates our salt. Major Lee is a demon to stick. Moonta was en fête on Friday. A fine of £1 1s. for rough football. The Moontaites do things very well. Queensland cabmen have struck work. Will Bizzy back out of the Carolines? Australians are "the lion's cubs" now. Mr. Burgoyne on his defence. Butter again. Mexico has over 13,000 miles of telegraph line. What about colonial salt now, Mr, Rounse- vell? There are 3,474 female surgeons in the United States. Dunning's theatricals are dunning him for wages. The ghost doesn't walk when Dunning is about. Paper bed clothing is 73 cents a set in America. A rail placed on the line near Port Wakefield last night. Very like a whale being prepared for the museum. John Lee intends to stick to the Glenelg Institute. Our three orators—Ward, Rees, and W. H. Wilkinson. Excursion fares. Rechabite Jubilee com- mences to day. Pittsburgh is to have a national convention of string bands. Footballers who won't play fair must be taught to do so. Attempt to wreck the Governor's special train last night. His Excellency admired the smart appearance of Copperopolis. Who says South Australian salt is not suitable for meat-curing? The Advertiser Band at the Parkside Lunatic Asylum to-day. Were there any bets made about the sword exercise at the military sports? Of the Advertiser poor fund £300 remains to be distributed to real cases of distress. The English Wesleyans have in Ceylon 3,000 members, with 16,000 pupils in the schools. Is it true that goods imported to the colony by the Governor are admitted free of duty? Acceptances close or Rechabite Jubilee sports this evening, at the hall, Grote-street. The Government prefer to place duties on the ingredients instead of imposing a beer tax. An American scientist says the ivory of Central Africa will give out in ten or fifteen years. Will the Advertiser band include "We are a band of brothers" in their repertoire this afternoon? A new comet of the eleventh magnitude has been discovered by an observer at Nashville, Tennessee. The inmates of the Parkside Asylum to be cheered with sweet sounds by the Advertiser Band to-day. The amount annually paid to the teachers in the United States is £12,000,000, an average of about £80 apiece. What had His Excellency and the members done that they should be dispatched from this sublunary sphere? Opening service at the Town Hall, Norwood, to-morrow afternoon, in conection with the Rechabite Jubilee. General Fremont discovered the Great Salt Lake of Utah in 1846, and he was the first to navigate its waters. Ex-Marshal Bazaine, who surrendered Metz during the Franco-Prussian war, is reported destitute at Madrid. The Japanese residents in Vienna are suffi- ciently numerous to think of establishing a Buddhist temple there. A fish with the head of a shark and a body resembling that of a sea elephant was captured near San Francisco recently. There are said to be 12,000,000 acres of un- cultivated land in the State of New York, of which 5,000,000 are covered with forests. London produces 30,000 tons of soot per annum, which is worth £40,000, and is used for a fertilizer at a rate of 10 cwts. per acre. The Japanese Government is making copper coin out of hundreds of old cannon that have been sent to the Oska Mint for that purpose. Sweden has imposed a duty on living flowers, fruits, and vegetables, in order to replenish the Treasury by taxing supposed luxuries. A recent invention for the use of electricians is square wire, which is claimed to be not only mechanically, but electrically better than round wire. Princess Beatrice is two inches taller than the Queen, with a form described as being so perfect that it is said art can add no beauty to its outline. Leaks in natural gas mines still continue to occur in Alleghany. One took place there a few days ago, the escaping gas being lighted by small boys. A book issued by Miss Cleveland, sister of the President, ran through the enormous number of 100,000 copies in five days, the sale being unprecedented. Dr. Zintgraff, of Bonn, has taken a phono- graph with him to Africa. He intends to bring some phonograms of the savage dialects, which he will have the natives speak into the machine. In a recent English work by Sophia Jex- blake, M.D., on the care of infants, the writer finds it necessary to insist with great emphasis upon the rule of "No alcohol and no patent medicines." When Mr. Bancroft, the historian, was a student in Berlin University he was the only American there, and he says that he was often regarded with as much curiosity as an abor- ginal Indian might have been. It is now definitely settled that the oldest mason in the world is John Tressider, of Fal- mouth, England, initiated 6th August, 1805, while the oldest in America is Capt. Sylvanus Hatch, of Port Levacca, Texas, who joined the order in 1809. Leather wheels are made in France for rail- road and other cars. Untanned buffalo hides are cut into strips, and these are built up into solid discs, which are strongly held together by two iron rings after they have been subjected to hydraulic pressure. A curious incident has just happened in Russia. The Georgian and the Armenian languages are suppressed in schools, but the Mingrelians, who use the Georgian character, are allowed to write in the Mingrelian dialect, but must use the Russian character. In 1861-70 the annual coinage of the United Kingdom was about five millions sterling, the amount in 1871 being nearly ten millions, and the amount in 1872 being just over fifteen millions. The average of the period 1874-83 has been one and a half millions sterling only, while in 1881-2 there was no coinage at all; in 1879, £35,000 only was coined; in 1877, £981,000 only, and in 1875, £243,000 only. The deficiency has been partly made up by an annual import of about £2,000,000 from Aus- ralia. A Salt Lake jeweller has invented a novel timepiece in the shape of a steel wire stretched across his shop window, on which a stuffed canary hops from left to right, indicating as it goes the hours of the day by pointing with its beak at a dial stretched beneath the wire and having the figures from one to twenty-four. When it reaches the latter figure it glides across the window to one again. There mechanism whatever that can be seen ,it all being inside the bird. . The inventor says he was three years in studying it out. The expenditure of Europe in armaments amounted last year to £183,519,997. Russia is easily first with a total of more than 46 mil- lions, France is second with more than 32½ millions, Great Britain third with nearly 31½ millions, and Germany fourth with over 22½ millions. France is first with a national debt of over 960 millions, Great Britain second with over 758 millions, Russia third with 603½ mil- lions, and Spain fourth with 501 millions. This is a surprising prominence for Spain, which has an annual expenditure of only 35 millions, and a military expenditure of only 6¼ millions. As for Germany, her debt is a comparative trifle. 