THE IMPERIAL GRAND ORANGE COUNCIL. ; triennial conference in edinburgh. , The . second meeting in, Scotland of the .Triennial Conference /of , the .Imperial Grand Orange Lodges throughout the world,, in Edinburgh, Scotland, was opened- on Wednes day, 22nd July, in the , Scottish Protestant Institute. At eleven o'clock in the forenoon the chair was taken by Br. Win. Johnstone, Past President. And after Dr. Potter, Shef field, had engaged in prayer, the Rev. Dr. Badenoch, London, read a portion of< Holy Scripture. ' .,,!/ The Chairman thereafter moved that Br. Chalmers I. Paton, Most Worshipful - Grand Master of Scotland, bo, elected, President of the Council for the ensuing triennial period; - The motion was seconded by Dr. Badenoch, and adopted, whereupon Br. Paton. took the chair and presided over the proceedings.;; .- ,. Routine .business brought forward :;by , the Grand Secretary (Br. Davis, London) having been disposed of. Delegates were requested to present their , credentials, , , The following is the- list,; viz c — Bro. James Muuro, P.M., No. 2 Lodge, Y.ic- toria, Australia ; , John . Bedford,. Brunswiok, Victoria ; ,,E. Griffiths, W-G.M., -of,; Queens land ; William Johnson,., D.G.M., - Ireland ; J. Moutray, LL.D.i; Grand. Chapter, Ireland ; Robert S. . Horne; Grand Chaplain; Scotland, James.! A-: Moonie, P.G.O.S. ; John C. Poun- \- den,, .D.G.M. - Ireland ; .Samuel Weir, D.G.M., Ireland-; William Young,, D.G.M.,. Scotland i -William - Collins, -D.G.M., Scotland-:: Rev.i R. . R. . Ka ne, L L. D.,. - , Grand - , - Master, s Belfast'! W.: H. .H. .Lyons,! , D.G.M;, Antrim John' Patrick, ;'G.L.G,i'a'Antrim ioAV. ,.E. ,-Caldbeok, P.S.M., ,, Dublin ; P. C. Pouden, Go'rey, -Ireland ;. Richard JerviB, - G.T., , England ; 0\. : Carson,; ; P.,G.O.,» -Liverpool:. ; -Win, Touch stone, Grand . Secretary, England ip -Rev., Dr. Potter, I.G.C. Wm- Pai'khill,G.M;, Bathurst; Rev. G. Mi Monteith; D.G.G., Ireland ; GeOrgo 'MacLeod; ;P:.G.M., , Scotland, ;V William John stone, Grand, .Master, Ontario, East Canada : George-Ford, '..Cdunty Maater, County-Ruasell, Canada ; : John Hicks, Victoria, Australia ; Major, W hite, f Grand. . Master;: Outarip,?West Canada, B H;; -Scott, .-County '-Delegate, Toronto ; - John Logan, ,W.M., No. ! 136, Toronto,; G; R.cBadenoeh, LL.D., -D.G.O.y.of England ; Rev. John ; Campbell,;; G.O., . of Scotland ; Prof.t Maeklin, G.S.j Scotland; and Rev. J.Moir Porteus,;D.D., No. 48, Scotland. Requests- wero made by- -several brethren that , members of the Order ; not delegates should be permitted.to:attend the conference as visitors, and this was agreed to ion-, the understanding . that .these gentlemen would not take any part in the voting. The Secretary read a letter, from Lord Enniskilleu, I.G.M. of Ireland, stimulating the brethren to increased energy in their work. The letter was cordially received, and it was agreed to enter it in the minutes. A letter was also road from Lord Hill Trevor, Grand Master of England, giving the Council suggestions as to the conduct of their work. Delegates from various parts of the world then gave accounts of the position of Orange- ism in their respective countries. These accounts showed that while the Order had passed through many vicissitudes, it was, on the whole, in a very prosperous condition. Tho work of tho Council will be the con sideration of several resolutions of which notice lias been given, and of u document drawn up by the Grand Secretary of England, giving an account of the principles of the Orange Institution. Tho object of this docu ment, which, after being approved, of by the Council,, will be circulated throughout, . the Order, is to present in brief form what exactly Orangoisin is. .V-'" ' declaration of principles. : k The Imperial Orange Council adopt the following'declaralion of principles as setting forth in some points more fully than the land marks do the religious beliefs, without which no man can be a true Orangem in, and which are to bo considered as professed by every candidate' seeking admission' 'into the Orange Brotherhood,' arid held' by' every 'member of if. Every Orangeman holds the doctrihes and principles of :tho Reformation a's: they are set forth in the - confessions of tho Protestant Churches, adopted by,- these Churches in the 16th century... In those main points in- wliich those confessions agree, accordingly, every Orangeinun believes : — That there is ona living and true God, the Creator, Preserver, and Suprome Ruler of the Universe ; . . '. That the Holy Scriptures of the Old and Now Testament are the' Word- of God, the only and the -all-suffloient rulo of: faith and conduct, and that; it isitlie- right and. the duty of- every man to read and. search the Scrip tures, to receive. their toachings with humility arid thankfulness, and to worship and Berve God as they require him to do ; ' That there "are' three ' persons in the God head- — the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost— the same in substance, equal in po wer and glory, whilst yet these three are one Godg That all men are sinners; and therefore under the curse of God's righteous law; That the only Saviour of sinners, and the only Mediator between God and man, is the Lord Jesus Christ, who is both God and man in two distinct natures and one person ; ; That He the Son of God, and Second Per son of theGodhead, having taken upon Him our nature, magnified the law, which we had broken, by the obedience of His life and by His death, enduring its penalty as a substitute for sinners, offering Himself once for all a sacrifice for sins, and that He rose from the dead on the third day, now lives in heaven, in highest exaltation, King of Glory, all power being committed to Him in heaven and in earth, yet a Priest upon His throne making r.nnt.innn.l int.nrr.flnninn fnr PTis npnnlo That we can obtain pardon of our sinB and acceptance into the favour of God only through the Lord Jesus Christ and for His sake, and that every one who truly believes is freely and fully pardoned and accepted as perfectly righteous for His sake and HiB righteousnoss, and becomes a . partaker in all the blessings that flow from God's grace ; That in consequence of the fall of our first parents all mankind are naturally sinful and corrupt, ;and thai the soul of many needs to be renewed after the image of God, the enjoy ment of the fellowship pf God and inheritance of glory; arid this renewal of tho soul is effe'o- to tlie free grace of God by the Holy Ghost in regemrUu n and sanctificalion ; . - ;Tiiat : the souls of beUevers > are ; at ' their death, made perfect in holiness and do immedi ately pass into.glory ; that there shall be a re- -surrection of all the dead-; .that all men. shall stand before the, Judgment Seat of, Christ." That the moral law, which is summarily .con tained in the Ten Commandments, is binding upon all men ; that' every truo believer in Ghrist: desires and .endeavours ' lo keep this ;law,' and prays to - be.-enabled more and more perfectly to, do, although; through remaining in corruption lie is unable to- obey it with a proper obedience. ... Tliat prayer, which it behovos everyone continually to, make for pardon of sins, for grace to help iu . need, and for all blossirigs both'spiritually arid, temporal, is' to be made to God alone, to whom we draw near through the 'meditation of :Je3us:01irist,;and as'.we aer enabled by. the Holy Ghost. ... 