{§&&' u , . , hr,'M JidtogiveluT i^Suism It f ipio ' SSsSOsa T . ' j „ » Li ,{O 01 ro Bill o mo mp iip^S^o * ' 1 ^ a ii h I a r r irrtng ovtr J^Br an :-.mf mi input to tli* titlo, tho motion to pafes S3' TOi withdrawn, nml the bill temporarily lajid ? oV'jr. It wifl iftctiv.'.cds read a third timo ijnd I posssd. / T':s Premier paid that the amendments pro po.'.id to tho Pacitio Island Labourers Aot of 1880 ooniprissd the iuorea=e c£ the ho.-pital foa to A'a. per iiciid ir.ttoad of 10s., as it was at present, inorevso of t'ao capitation allowance to £3, tho hearing of charges nndor the Aot boforu police nisgistrates, repealing pro vision of lust year's Aot in reference to time eoqiircd inlanders, ihe implication of the proiioiouo of the »ict' w natives of Naw Guinea and I?O57. Britain, no frcih lbences to be grantor! after Diwoinber SI, 1S!)O. On thin , showing, and after a f.?vr words from Sir Thomas STIlwj-auh, permission w.is granted . to bring in ft bill containing these amendments, j In introducing the Undue Subdivision of ? Land Prevention Bill the Premier siid thut the , bill yi'upOiOu to deal with a growing evil, for ( land hid bseti so . subdivided of late that ths- . jm'.o.u --oiiUli liH-i l«t;u endangered. There , W61.0 t^ro oriia to bo feared, ono thit sheets , W6P3 bauij; made too narrow, another that . lot-- wre b»i'S sold too small for the proper ? er- !i..ii .-£ dw-Uuiira. It was dilSonlt to deal ] with tliij so as to Secure public health and 3-et , not i:t;ri'crc T7:th private rights. An effective , remedy, he thought, would be to moke roads ^ 66 feet wide and lanes 22 feat, securing this by , preventing t'ae erection of kousos for 33 , fo-.t or.'- oa--.h side of a centre line to be { laiJ down in evory plan. The land ] mijjht be owned and occupied, and the public ( laTi'/ only b') 10 font wide, .but it must bo left | optn in order to secure the freo circulation of j air. ii was alao proposed to enact that no ] land ahoold b'j subdivided for dwelling allot- f ms.uts t'.' less than 1G perches. This was an ( arbiiiary size, but ho did not think that any -, les? could bo onndueive to the public health. } In uiiivu ilia uro vriliii? might bo nacens'iry, and ' . 'would bo provided fur byoenain suspensory , ?dauijes. -Jafringement of the Act would be , ?treated is i n'oisinoo, and such hou'-e-' might, ( aftjr due process, be pulUd down. No other 1 er-wtious were to bo admitted on the 16 perch I , allotments eicopt the dwelling-house and its OffiOT3. Sir Thomas M'llwraith said that the measure had been f.: reed upon the House by the speuuLitiro spirit which had been rampant Jn ar.i arvund Brisbane, for the past few mc2ih= ; but ho htld the evil hnd already boon dona. Spcculatira had subdivided the land, and hud made their money. NowtheGov erutiiOni proposed to step in and tell the poor jus ;io must not Tuuiid on the land he had lw»hr.. As for the width of the streets, he diJ.£'t con-idcr thut that mude v.;ry much diffo^'-'ic0.tn' public hrilth, or thut many roads ?necH.fi to be r. chain wide. On the whole, the Ti-T £cc~cd to Iiim tsTijust, and at not gotting to t'^a loot of tha evil. ? ?'???-???' ?'.', ifjiyiioun ga\a a general approval to the bill on (innitiirygrynnds, thon-rh. he thought it ohould.; bo more dofiuite1 or. certain poiuts, Tzui. Jii..il'jioh-Kd considered it as threttening a -rrc.sj iniustico ?? i;- property holders, and ataid'.-d tao'H'.-uso by the it83trtion that nar inv- !.-.-.-,K -s-.-ro *ir li'sulthier than wida streots. Ib.3 waV'S' 'of ea.5K-rn oirieB Were addnosd as p»ol' uttiiia novel tiling. 7iTr. ?tV::tii!r ilioaurbt good drninago was of uii.iu iiuu»«-.^ iiiilii .he regulations proposed, but ilri~'Jli!K!tarlHT\o cupportui th^ measure hojTtUj', liiid Mr. 3cott followed Mr. Ferguson in Scj.iyrin.j- if ;i ^top. iii «hd right direction. It Tn''-'»-' ?-.??? :«,.^^ Mr. -A?aaa that the m'j.'t; vaiuatiife laud v.'iis, the Hiiro owners had mnuu fi.v-iu It, «fid t'u« more ablo they were to give np ground for n.roadr ?;.:?', T . ; ? Air. Eoftttie repelled with indignation ch&'ges laade by the mfinber for Burke agai net the «lt-Bt-linw8 ot' Biisbiiue, but M;. Atjnoar oanie to Mr. Pcrgiisuu'd sur-port, and dcolated that the biil'v'is Rad'.y'neodi.d. Mr. Bo.ittie laT3srod tiio vvido street olauscs, but thought the iS-pereh. olanse, wonld p.'pve a harassing re-tricti''.n. 'AJter a fow words from Mr. Br-wcr, who thought n. blacksmith ought to be allowed to pat up a wwopn his 1C porches, the till was' road a (second time witnout division, and consideration in comiaittee set for tomor row. '-'?' ' , ? . Ooiamittoo on Supjnr was tlienra;umed, and £22, aSCI voted Itic gaols, penal establishments, and rcforinat'jrio3.. . During; the passage of thin item' reference wan again mado to tho dis grocefuljnamiur in' which' the Brisbane gaol had 1)«HC tiiiiii- iged, Mr. Jeesnp mentioning one instance in '?which a sentenced prisoner had be;n peraiitted to bo visited by hia wife in his eel*. waMuever 'sho called, ivhicb. was quite oflun. Th-S P/ciuipr rcjjliod. as before, that the Government ' vras cognisant of affairs which hud eii-ted, and had ttiknn Hteps to remedy it ; this was tlia reason a Btrangar had been app-jintei a's the new gaoler in Brisbane, there being no gaol official in the colony known to the Government, -who was considered fit for the post. In reference to the separation of first from hardened offonders, ho explained that it was attempted to k*-p the Utter at St. Holena and the former in Brisbane, but owing to kok of room it wao impossible to do this as it might be wished. . The committoo then voforl £G,805 for the Dunwich Bonovolont Asylum and £1,870 for u. Government fiohooner at Torres . Straits. The lattoi ileui was tlie text 'i 0. long dH-x-rr.ation by Mr. Bo4ltia, whurein ho displayed his soa 'farint; knowlodge and enlightened tho Tlouse Tn tho history, construction, and adventures tho ill-fatad Mavis. Tho objeot of tho senior member for Tortifcudo Va'ley was to ' clear tho captain and throw tho blame upon the Govin.nicnt for purchasing such an uuhj» ?worthy or.i(t. The Premier said that he did not ?want to ro-oiMn the subject or to judge harshly Captain Cater. There was do doubt tho oap tain l«ft Uis ground tiiukio a-hora, and steered on to tho top of a roof. For himself , ha should not havo tikon so fiivoumble a view of tho accident an the .. Marino. Board had, tmd thought it would 00 'oettcr for tte cayluiu if tha hubjeot wero allowed tj drop. Mr. WakcXW'', liowovar, eupport^d Mr. Beattio, and ur.-;cd that un inquiry be hold, an opinion in which 3Ir. Archor concurred. Tha Maria queatiomvfts then druppod. A long discussion eriauod over tho Govern ment giaamors item, Mr. Norton^ propoking hii amncdmont acrikhig out the eatimata for, one of tho two staamors. Tlie Premier urged that both tho Lucinda and tho Ottorwero neuded, and that it would bo f il-e (-:j;-nomy to dispenso ?with oithor. Tho Opposition and Mr. Iffidgtay 1 disputod thi', and cccnciorod that 0-0 would be plenty and ,rlo other uhuuld bo sold, but Mr. Norton's moiion was ac^iivod on a viva voct ?vote, no division being fc Aon. The itora of £5,598 for tho Luoindu sir.d Otter wns then agrnAd to. When the. Pwmtur had moved the £35,591 vote for'tto Defence l'Dru-, Ml1. Maofarlimo rose to.ramark that this ioi\:- \ra »\ d'.'lusion mid a snare.. This gtivo rit-o tu i» heatod discuanion, in whiua'Eir.Tuumas Jl'Ilwrtith attaoltod iho standing army principle, and advocated tho 1 encouragement of voluntuering, while tho Eromior replied that volunteering had proved u ? . ?'- failure, and warmly dtf otided tho moa who hud oomQ forward in tho hour of danger. He pointed --nt that tho ooloniui wcro Vomvl to do aomothins to dofond themvflvos as long an any one stood rc.idy to ftttnolc tliem, and Uiat Uiia 4afonoo must cost money. Tho disoussion was coattaned by WCossrs. Siiikeldund Midgluy, who both urgod that a standing uuny was uucillod for; tho latter comsiderk'' that if one wub needed it could bo got by hiring a fow regi ment* of English reguhtd. _ Sir. Iaambort havinjr drnpgod in hid protjuhon tlieoriud, tno item finally psia'sad, ns did thu £10,'J72 item ivv tno Miirice foroa. Prosrcsj wna then ruportoO, and tho Housa udjoucnuil at 10.30. '-??1a ' '- , ' - - *' „ *' % J *? t. J jjl cm t ^ ^jr ... i -r ^afuUinui;d Jfihond, mid 4)3» u1! i of in ^2&ffi; ' durj It 4W)li Idem 1 tho \- -X Kf&b; h' 1 br. 1 li n-L.il 'w*W™ rll;-t ' et d nlod 's «t-h'ri5B'£ai%^pf'r'tIl-r '''d s'jid-thut ^WMRu, the on y deity ' He ragP*O1iri',t dnJI- th the f ulnc-.s of -ho God (Bro'oodily. I think it is my duty to dis tinotly prea'h thi truth in relation to this do'j'rme, and I hjld it as a mojt rui5u:»b!e doctrino, provided it may be uuderstojl. You will find that thoro are many people who recognise God tha Father as a stern, inflexible Being who administers justioe, and at times thirsts for vengeance upon evil doers, watching over men to punish, and is at all times on the alert to sring men's eins homo to thorn. Then thero is Jesus Christ, tha don, who is sont by His Father into tho world, who is much more kindly and gentle, and who has given Himsolf as :i living sucrifiuo, and who, by eonstantly interceding with thi Pother, procures from Him pardon anil salvation for sinners. And then it is said that thovo is a personago, called the Holy Gho=t, who, by Kis operation on our hearts, so sof tens-aud prepares them as to make them receive the lovo of Go-J and the redemptive graoe of Jesus Christ. _ It is nl.-o represented th3t there are threo distinct godhoaiH in tho Trinity having eq'ial power and authority. Now, I think (hut any ono who thinks for a moment npon such a con ception of the IX-ity as that, nuy *ay that it could not bo true, and I would not wonder that people heuriug this turned away from Ohriiti aniry, as from something altogether unrtwon u,bU !»fld false. They wEi say, ' Then it can cot be the truth that ' Tho- Lord our (iod is one Lord.' There must be one. intelligent per sonalty in the Deity, with one dispo^tion and on*- relationship towards ourselves.' Mr LHlsy said tint we could not imdcTshatid tho revela tion of the Trinity, in the way it had thus bseu axplsined. The doctrino of tile Trinity waB of praoti'ial importance in its influence on mm, Sod manifested Himself to man, not as n Father oni /, but as tho Rodeeirer Jesus Christ ; md God manifested H niself in.oui hearts ::» tho Holy Grhost Thero is a trinity of mv.ii: Festation that we may the better undnrsMnii Him. Hb- (Mr. LilUy) did net ueo that we? should regard tho subsistences or raanifesta tious of t'io Deity iu the same wa^atsll, and he wan supported in that view by scrao of tho bnat j modern writora, aud the most l-jurned men. Iho use of tho word ''person*' in our language meant individu^In, whereas the original word mnant rath«rthe surroundings or substance of Bod. In concluding he hoped that his hearers would live spiritual lives, and exe.'^ise on one another all spiritual excellences 2i*t would nablo them to know God as He has manifested Himsolf as a Father, aa the Son, sad as the Soly Ghost^ ? ^^^^^^ 