Tales and Sketches. Bret Harte's New Story in the "Argonaut." " A Ship of Forty-nine.' {Continued from our last.) TV.—(Continued.) . Nevertheless, Mr. Sleight sat down and at once abstracted himself so com pletely as to be - apparently in utter oblivion of the man who entered. He' wns lithe and Indian-looking, bearing in dress and manner the careless slouch without the easy frankness of: the sailor. . , . ' "Well!' Baid Sleight, without looking up. ' I was only waiting to know if you had any hews for me, boss ?' 'News?' echoed Sleight, as if ab sently ; ' news of what ?' 1 That little matter of the Pontine we talked about, boss,' returned the LaB car, with an uneasy servility in the whites of his teeth and eyes. 'Ob,' said Sleight, ' that played out; it's a regular fraud. It's an old • fore castle yarn, my man, that you can't reel off in the cabin.' The sailor's face darkened. ' The man who was looking into it has thrown the whole thing up. I tell you it's played out 1' repeated Sleight, with out raising his head. ' It's true, boss—every, word,' said the Lascar, with an appealing insinua tion that seemed to struggle hard with savage earnestness. 'You can• swear me,hoBS ; I wouldn't lie to a gentleman like you. . Your man hasn't half looked, or else — it must be there, •r'— 'That's just it,' said Sleight slowly ; ' who's to know that your friends haven't beon there ; already ? That seems to have been your style.' 'But no one know it but me, until I told you, I swear. I ain't lying, boss, and I ain't drunk. Say—aon't give it up, boss. That man of'yours, likely don't believe it, because he "don't know anything about it.' 1 do—I could find it.' ' ■' ' A silence followed. Mr. Sleight ;re mained completely absorbed" in his papers for some moments. Then, glanc ing at the Lascar, he took his pen, wrote a-hurried- note, folded it, ad dreBBed it, and, holding it between his fingers,leaned back in his chair, ' If you choose to !tako this note to my man, he may give it another- show. Mind I don't say that he will. He's going to Sacramento to-night, but you could go down there and . find; him before ho starts. He's got a room there, I believe. While you're waiting for him, you might keep your eyes open to satisfy yourself.1 'Ay, ay, sir,'.said the sailor eagerly endeavouring to catch the eye of his employer. But Mr. Sleight looked straight before him, and he turned to go- . , 'The Sacramento boat goes at nine, said Mr. Sleight 'quietly. This time their glances met; and the Lascar's eye glistened - with subtle in telligence. The next moment he was gone, and Mr. Sleight again became absorbed in his papers. Meanwhile Ben eh aw was making his wav hack to the Pontine, with that light- hearted optimism that had cha racterised his parting with Sleight. It was this quality of his nature, fostered perhaps by the ca6y civilisation in which ho moved, that had originally drawn him into relations with the man ho just quitted—a quality that bad been troubled and darkened by those relations, yet when they were broken at; once roturnod. it con sequently did not occur to him that lie had only selfishly compromised with the difficulty; it seemed to him enough that ho had withdrawn from a compact ho thought dishonourable; ho was not called upon to hotray his partner in that compact morcly to benefit others. Ho had been willing to incur suspicion and loss to reiustnto himself iu his self respect ; more ho could not do without justifying that suspicion. T'ho viow taken by Sleight wns, aftor all, that which most business men would tnko— which the girl herself might ho tempted to listen to. Clearly, ho could do nothing but abandon the Pontine and her owner to the fato ho could not in honour avert. And ovou that fato was problematical, It did not follow tluvt the treasure was still concealed in the Pontiac, nor that Nott would be willing to sell her. He would make some excuse to Nott—he smiled to think he would'probably be classed in the long line o£ absconding tenants—he would say good-bye to Itosey, and leave for Sacramento that night. Ife ascended the stairs: to the gangway with a freer breast than when he first entered the ship.; •Sir. Nott'was evidently absent, and after a quick glance at the half operi cabin door, Kensliaw turned toward the galley. But Miss Eosey was not iu her accustomed haunt, and with a feeling of disappointment which seemed inconsistent with so alight a cause, he crossed 'the deck impatiently and entered his room. Ho was about to close the door, when the prolonged rustling of a trailing skirt in the pas sage-way attracted his'attention. The sound was so unlike that made by any garment of llosey, that he remained motionless with his hand on the door. The sound; approached nearer, and the next'moment a white-veiled figure, with a trailing skirt, slowly swept past the room. Uenshaw's pulses halted for an instant in half-superstitious awe. As the apparition glided on and vanished in the cabin door, ho could only see that'it was'the form of a beautiful and graceful woman—but nothing more. Bewildered and curious, lie forgot him- ] self so far as to follow it, and impul siyely enter the cabin.; The figure turned, uttered a little cry, threw the veil aside, and showed the half-troubled, half-Mushing face of Eosey. • 'I—beg—pardon,' stammered Een shaw; ' X didn't know it was you.' ' I was trying on some things,' said Eosey, recovering her composure and pointing to an open trunk that seemed to contain a theatrical wardrobe—' some things father gave me long ago. I wanted to see if there was anything I 'could use.' I thought I was all alone in the ship, but fancying I heard a noise forward, I came out to see what it was. I suppose it must have been you.' ; She raised her clear eyes to his, with a slight touch ot womanly reserve that was . so incompatible with any vulgar vanity or girlish coquetry that he be came the more embarrassed: Her 'dress; too, of a slightly antique shape, rich ; but simple, seemed to reveal and accent a certain repose of gentle womanliness that lie was now willing to believe he had always noticed. Conscious ; of a superiority her ' that seemed to change their relations completely, he alone re? mained silent,- awkward, and embar rassed before the girl who had taken care:of his room, and who cooked in the galley ! "What he had thoughtlessly considered a merely vulgar business intrigue against her stupid father, now to his extravagant fancy assumed the proportions of a sacrilege to herself. ' You've had your revenge, Miss iYitt, for the fright I once gave you,' ho said, a little uneasily, ' for you quite startled mo just now- as you passed. I began to think the Pontiac was haunted. I thought you were a ghost. I don't know why such a ghost should frighten any body,' he went on with a desperate at tempt to recover his position by gal lautry. . 'Lot mo see—that's Honna Elvira's dress; is it not?' 'I don't think that was the poor woman's name,' said ltosey, simply; ' she diedof ycllowfoverat 2vTew Orleans as Siguora somebody.' 1 for ignorance seemed to Mr. Uen sliaw so plainly to partake more of the nun than tlio provincial that he hesi tated to explain to hor that lio meant tho heroine of an opera. ' .I t seems dreadful to put on the poor thing's clothes, doesn't it?' sho added. - Mr. Iteushaw's eyes showed so plainly that he thought otherwise, that she drew a litllo austerely toward tho door of her stateroom. ' 1 must chnngo tlicso thiugs beforo any ono comes,' sho said, drily. ' That means I must go, 1 supposo. Hut couldn't j-ou let 1110 wait here or in tho gangway until then, Miss Notfc ? I am going away to-night, anil 1 mayn't seo you again.' no had not intended to say this, but it slipped from his ombarrassed tongue. Sho stoppod, with hor hand on the door. ' You nro going away?' ' I—think—1 must leave to-night. I havo sonio important business in Sac ramento,' She raised her frank eyes to his. The unmistakable look of disappoint ment that he saw in them gave his heart a sudden throb, and sent tlie quick blood to his cheeks.. 'It's too bad,' she said,-abstractedly. ' Nobody ever seems to stay here long. Captain Bower promised to tell me all about the Bhip, and he went away the second week. The photographer left before ho finished the picture of the Pontiac. M. de Perrieres has only just gone, and now you are going.' 'Perhaps, unlike them, I have finished my season of usefulness here,' he replied with a bitterness he would have recalled the next moment. But Eosey, with a faint sigh, saying, 'I won't be long,' entered the stateroom, and closed the door behind her. Eenshaw bit his lip, and pulled at the long silken threads of his mous tache, until they smarted. "Why had he not gone at once? "Why was it necessary to say he might not see her again, and if. he had said it, why should he add anything more ? What was he waiting for now ? To endeavour to prove to her that he really bore no resemblance to Captain Bower, the photographer, the crazy Prenchman, Be Perrieres ? Or would he be forced to tell her that he was running away from a conspiracy to defraud her father—merely for something to say? Was there ever such folly'{ ltosey was " not long," as she had Baid,: but he was beginning to pace the narrow cabin impatiently when the door was opened and she returned. She had resumed her ordinary calico gown, but .such was the impression left upon llenshaw's fancy that she seemed to wear it with a new grace. At any other time he might have recognised the change, as due to a new corset, which, strict veracity compels me to record, Eosey had adopted for the first time that morning. Howbeit, her slight coquetry seemed to have passed, for she closed tk# open trunk with a return of her old, listless air, and, sitting on it, rested her elbows on her knees, and her oval chin in her hands. 'I wish you would do me a favour,' she said, after a reflective pause. ' Let me know what it is, and it shall be done,' replied Benshaw, quickly. ' If you Bhould come across Monsieur Ferrieres, or hear of him, I wish you would let me know. He was poorly when he left here, and I should Jike to know if he is better. ; He didn't say where he was going—at least, he didn't tell father; but I fancy he and father don't agree.' ' I shall be very glad of having even that opportunity of' making you re member me, Miss Nott,' returned Ben shaw, with a faint smile; ' I don't suppose, either, that it would be very difficult to get news of your friend— everybody seems to know him.' ' But not as I did,' said Eosey, with an abstracted little sigh. Mr. Benshaw opened his brown eyes upon her. "Was he mistaken? Was this romantic girl only a little coquette playing her provincial airs on him ? ' You say he and your father didn't agree. That means, I suppose, that you and he agreed—and that was the result.' ' I don't think father knew anything about it,' said Bosey, simply. Mr. Benshaw rose. And this was what he had been waiting to hear. ' Perhaps,' he said, grimly, ' you would also like news of the photographer and Captain Bower—or did your father agree with them better ?' ' No,' said Bosey,. quietly. She re mained silent for n moment, and, lifting her lashes, said: ' Father always seemed to agree with you, and that ' She hesitated. ' That's why you don't.' ' I didn't say that,' said Bosey, with an incongruous increase of coldness and colour. ' I only meant to say it was that which makes it seem so hard you should go now.' Notwithstanding his previous deter mination, Benshaw found hiinsolf sit ting down again. Confused and pleased, wishing he had said more—or Jess—he said nothing, and Bosey was lorced to continue. ' It's strange, isn't it ?—but father was urging mo this morning to make a visit to some friouds at the old ranch. 1 didu't want to go; I liko it much better hero.' ' But you cauuot bury yourself here for over, Miss Nott,' said Benshaw, with a sudden burst o£ bonest enthusiasm. ' Sooner or later you will be forced to go where you will be properly appre ciated, where you will be admired and courted, where, your slightest wish will be law. Believe me, without flattery, you dtfn'i know your own power.' ' It don't seem strong enough to keep even the little I like here,' said Eosey, with a slight glistening of the eyes. 'But,' she added, hastily, 'yon don't know how much the deai' old ship is to. me; it's the only home I tu.'nk I ever had.' • 'But the ranch?' saidRenshaw. ' The ranch seemed to be only the old waggon halted in the road. It was a very , little improvement oh outdoors,' said Rosey, with a little shiver. ' But this is so cozy and snug, and yet so strange and foreign. . Do you know, I think I began to understand why I like it so since you taught me so much about ships and voyages ? Before that I only learned from books; . Books deceive you, I think, more than people do. Don't you think so ?' She evidently did not notice the | quick flush that covered his cheeks and apparently dazzled his troubled eyelids, for she went on confidentially: ' I was thinking of . you yesterday. I was sitting by the gallery door, looking forward. You remember the first day I, saw you, when you startled me by coming up out of the hatch r' 'I wish you wouldn't think"of that,' said iRenshaw, -• with more earnestness. than he would have made apparent. ' I don't want to, either,' said Rosey, gravely,''forI've h'ad.a' strange fancy about it. • I saw. once, when I was younger, a picture in a print shop on Montgomery street that haunted me. I think it was called " The Pirates." There was a number of . wicked-looking sailors lying around the deck, and coming out of a hatch was one figure with his hands on the deek and a cut lass in his mouth.'.. ' Thank you,' said Eenshaw. ' You don't understand. He was horrid-looking, not at all like you. I never thought of him when I first saw you,'but the other day I thought how dreadful it would have been if some one like him and not like you had come up then. That made me nervous some times of being alone. I think father is too. ; He often goes about stealthily at night,-as if he was watching for some thing.'- - Eenshaw's face grew suddenly" dark. Could it be" possible that "Sleight had always suspected him, and set spies to watch—or was he guilty of some double intrigue ? ' He thinks,' continued Eosey, with a faint smile,'that someone is looking : around the ship, and talks of setting bear traps. I hope you're not mad, Mr. Eenshaw,'; she added, suddenly catching sight of his changed expres sion, ' at my foolishness in saying you reminded.me of the pirate; I meant nothing.' 'I know you're incapable of meaning; anything but good to anybody, Miss Nott—perhaps to me more than I de serve,' said Eenshaw, with a sudden burst of feeling. 'I wish—I wish— you would do me a favour. You asked me one just now.' He had taken her hand. It seemed so like a mere illus tration of his earnestness that she did not withdraw it. 'Your father tells you everything. If he has any offer to dispose of the ship, will you write to me at once before anything is concluded ?' He winced a little—the sentence of Sleight,' What's the figure you and she have settled upon ?' Hashed across his mind, lie scarcely noticed that Eosey had withdrawn her hand coldly. ' Perhaps you had better speak to father, as'it is his business. Besides, I shall not be here. I shall bo at the ranch.' , ' But you said you didn't want to go r' .'I've changed my mind,' said Eosey, listlessly. ' 1 shall go to-night.' Sho roso as if to indicate that tho interview was ended. With an over powering iustiuct that his whole future happiness depended 011 his next act, ho made a step toward her with eager out stretched bauds. But she slightly lifted her own with a warning gesture. ' I hear father coming; you will have a chance to talk business with him,' sho said, and. yauished into her state room. , (To be Continued.) 