THE DOG TAX. TO THE EDITOR. -I am, &c.;, E.P. Snowtown, April 11, 188[?]. Sir—The time will soon come when we shall be compelled to pay that most unreasonable tax for every dog 7s, 6d., and for every slut 12s, 6d., or otherwise destroy them. Poor dogs, I think they will have to give up the ghost, f<>t between laud and income and rabbit tav, I think in these depressed times it will be im possible to find money to pay the dog tax. I bare not noticed any one advertising' to lend money on dogs. No wonder, for after the nioney has been paid for the register of such dog the animal is just as liable to destruction as if not registered. I think you will admit that the Act is unfair and unworkable. Why should the owner of a slut be called upon to pay nearly double that for a doe-? 1 do not think they ate any more useful or useless. Did members of Parliament when they passed the Bill think that they were legis lating for the good of the country, for there are but few on their side of thinking, and those few of course are the owners of nodes of sheep which it is alleged have been injured by dogs. But how many of those sheep have died with old age and starvation they do not say. My experience shows me that it would be a great gain to many of those email sheepfanners to get all the dogs out of die way, so that their sheep could run at Jaige when feed and water are scarce, thus saving their flocks from utter destruction. There have been sheep in my paddock for the hist fortnight, and half a dozen aogsat my place night and day, but the sheep have n<*t been touched. This will silow you die harmless nature of dogs kept hf farmers. If ibis Bill is supposed to suppress the nuisance those who brought it into force are misled, for no farmer will keep more dogs than he has work for ihem to do, neither will he keep a dog that is destructive to property. The BiS ehould have been framed so as to allow every farmer holding eighty or more acres of land occupied byhuneelf, and every shepherd one dog each free, and to pay a tax of 15b. or £1 for every second dog kept by such fatmer or shepherd. This course would soon bring tile cumber of dogs down to the lowest limit. As Parliament is to meet in June the first busi ness on Hbe list should be the repeal of the Dog Bill, and let its have something reasonable instead of compelling us to kill our best friends.- 