Sftefccber. ] Onr Carnival Raceeenrso. ♦ ? ? D7 OnOSVKSOU BUN'STKH. ( Concluded .) 'Well, as I have said Iho hill, as it now stands, ia tho beat sito on tho ground. Stand ing upon its slope, tho eye catches every foot of tho oourss. And aa I observe this, I dis cover that a new training ground, ono milo round, hos been iccently rondo within tho cirelo of the course. Jonathan, tha worthy jumper, tells mo that it ia tho soundest training ground on tho wholo thrcsi hundred nnd twenty jores.aud that it is built on nine inches of iron jtone rock and nino moro of lonrn, sand, and ton, in tho most approved fashion. Yonder, I as ho points out — away to tho lott, ore tho sand hack, ono end ahali miles, thoonemile tan, and tho one milo cinders. I am told with a certain prion, that the rolling and harrowing, and such like work in connection with these, tracks, involve an annual labour covering a dintanoc of 7000 miles. In summer tho tracks are regularly watered every day. Wo doseond from tho I-Iill and enter the passage which leads to tho grand-stand and tho lawn. Hero, shortly, will bo built a cfflveR;d way, through which tho salt of society will pa»n, ansF.cn and uncrlticlsed by the batr.r aliy. Rot that this ia the eRpeoial object of the improvement, which indeed in projected for tho purpose of still further increasing the resmsroeo and area of the Hill. Jonathan, big in tho prido of his office, pro duces his keys with that air of responsibility which might aMsoh to r.n oid time bntloT, hs ho leads the way to an inspection of tho glories of the cellar. And now wo perceive the full development of a scheme, which lias been made in tho interests of that other class of tho public, tho racmbers of which, so to say, travel with first-class tickets in the trains of amusement- at race limes. This is the swell's region, and proper recognition of its superior reqairumontH is evident on all sidGB. J'litce atix dames J Let ns enttr, timidly nnd nervously, yet- with that oogaT cariirsity with which innocent bachelorhood regards every thing connccUd with the laciiea and their sur rouneinr'S. This is one of the rotirircrooms, Nay, by 'tho mass l bnt I must langh, The most prominont furniiuro in this gorgeous apartment consists of mirrors l Mirrors larg^, nHrrora small ; mirrors which reflect tho faco and bust only, aud largo cheval glasses, whioh give forth to tbo inquisitive fair tho re flsx of tho whole of tho glories of her form and cos tume. Hare, no question, the dainty maids and matrons who bloom on the lawn during Cup week, and whc«e g:ty and brilliant attira rival Mr. Mooro'a mantling blossoms of many colo red hues — hero, I eay, within theee rooms (for there aro two, cach 110 feet loot:) might bo seen aud heard much by the philosopher (were ho invisible) which would improve hia knowledgs o£ tho feminine nature. What pleasure, gratified vanity, innocent triumph, mortified pride, delight, and dissatisfaction, havo theso mirrore in turn reflected, and shall again rcflect I How many a woman's heart has beaten hip.h, or lowered its pulses, as theso boneBttell-talffi.setonailsides, h'svqgivon back a truthful answer to wistful or ea^er feminine inquiry I I wonder whether Mr. Moore chuckles as ho looks around at this room. 3?or myself, I own I burst out laughing. But not alone mirrors for the laxlies. Everything the charmers need is provided. Horo and there are hung 'housewives,' filled with needles, silts, cotton, pins, and the thousand and one contrivances with which women ' fix ' themselves. If an awkward cavalicr tread upon a lady's trcin and rip its ' gathers,' all Ghe has to do is to repair. to ono of t'uesa dainty apartments, whero she wilt And appliances for remedying the evil, and recovering her complacency by .noting tho facial effect of bad temper in a looking glass. And if, hf.ply, tho sun may havo burnt, wiih his amorous glances, her fair cheeks or delicato noso, hero shall she find cold orcam, or violet powder, or toilette vinegar, or aoras such delicate preparation to relievo her aweet visage : whilo she may assna^e hor annoyance and relievo her feolings by thu application of tho smelling saits provided by excellent Mr. Moore. By George I I think that, all things considered, that gentleman should be tho best landed man in Victoria, among tho ladies at any rate, during Carnival I week. Flowers Rro, of course, distributed in every part of tliesa apartments, for their greater adornment. Cut flowers are also provided ; so that n lady needing oemo delicate blossom to still further enhance her charms, may find it to hor hand. Cases of flowera isr this pur pose aro brought from suah. districts as pro dnco them earlier than hereabouts. Even Sydney contributes its contingent of blossamo — among wliioh tho Wariatnh is ever promi nent. AH this is gallant work; but it ia no less policy. While it gives pleasure to the fair, it no less brings grist to the mill. A cunning gentleman ia Mr. Byron .Moore. It seems a ooarse matter, but really I think I am as mur-h interested in the next apsrt mont into which I am introduced. Wo have looked upon tha purely (c3t'hetio and poitrio features of a racemeuting ; let us now inspect the more natural attractions. Hc-re, my friend, ia whero King Appetite ia assuaged. Observe that this is the luncheon room, and consider what r. speet'aelo it must present duriag raco week. It is silent and empty enough now, though ouo mip.ht fancy ghosts of departed resellers ilit about unseen, yet hungry ; bat ia the course of a couple of months its lofty space shall cebo to the pops of ehsmniuwo corks, the crunch of teeth, tho bustle, and laughter, and, truth to say, vulgar hubbub and confusion of such assemblies. Flowers again.will ba seen in profusian. Why riot ? Does not one enjoy such matters tho better, for dainty and refining enrroaisdings. If it be pleasjint to tho eye id gazs upon a boned turkey tfr a raised pie, is not it the mora so to let it rest awhile upon the sweetneas and freshuess of bloom aud blossom ? Who does not appreciate the effect of t'he dainty furai turo of a dinner tablo ? Who then shall not applaud tha conjunction of stub influences as ore afforded by tba presence of sweet flowers. Nay, the tasto is classic, and has tho authority of tho beat traditions. Tho Governor's apartments aro all that they aliould Jjo. . Pleasant to be a Governor I should say — at racotimes anyway. At other times, when pestered by dull ' statesmen ' and vulgar pretension, tho post may realise the axiom that 'Ail that glittevu is not gold.' It must indeed bo hard work sometimes, play ing Gsvernor, and cotrth to say mnst. involve an extra employment of' tisat suave hypocrisy with which social illusions arc sup ported. But here, away from tha disabilities of his office, ho and his lady wife and brave yutrugatera and gallant suite, must have a high old tima of it. I peep into tho pantry I whence tho good things aro served. Yes — there una times when I would be a Govornor. For tsruly we treat our Governors' better in tho matter of fcedieg than fell to tha lot of tho honest ruler of Barataria, who got nothing to eat you will remember,' but argument and promises. Thi3 is the Press room. These stairs lead to t'he compartment whence tho recording angola tako noto and notico of tho races. Every convonionoa ia provided for these worthy people. In that division at tho end are placed tho telegraphic operators. What a jump all this, from tho timo whon tho first course in Australia was founded by tho fine gentlemen of Hia Majesty's 101st regiment of foot. Tho saddling paddook, or where the gentle men of tho ring do congregate to do their business or do somebody else's, is, as all tha world knows, under tho Hill, to the west ot the stand. Here too a variety of improve ments havo been mtSde, all tending to the ffjcilifotion of the great Cftihival ol tho year. Yonder tho judge's standi Wherein tho arbiter of every conlos,t;pla.co3 hiintclf. By'my faith! I qKoft tfynli that rrniny a criminal has hoard, wifh iftaj/cipol ion, the flat of a judgcof law, than hiivfr'tiibUEanda who have markod that ol a )J$go of a race. Thu new etand overlaps tho old ono, and ia bulll up on an area of land sooopod out of tho hill. Tlio aru'sh and ciowding, whioh of lato yearo marred tho plousnro of so many, ] is cow avoided. Tho rush will bo for tho new stand, aud tliG race to tho swiftest. The ladies, whoso robes are a l\i%hfT consideration than a horse raoe, may thewfore move move Ichmrely with thoir escort ', and take .their plaoes in tho old Btand. Tha foresight which led thn committee to adopt this plan goes to show again their sensibility to the claims of publio convenience. But let ub get on, across the lawn, and on pist the ivied walls and ranger's cottage. I observe that carpenters and painters are hard at- work, and learn that thoy arc the emploj(5- .ottheolub. All work, whether of craft, or farm, or garden, is done by men engaged on the estate. The work-rooms of carpenteiw, blacksmith?, painters, point to tlio eirenm Htunco that thero ia enough to keep buninesr bn.-k the year round. Tho farm work is ex toosivo, conrioting in harrowing, carting, mowing, and ench liko operations. Hay is grown for tha workinghoiPce,of whioh thero aro eloven— auch animals as aro rarely scon, Bavo iu a brewer's lorry, or a horse show. Fat and lusty, they seem Co havo a good timo of it, with a splendid stable in which to pass their hours of ease and munch their sweet hay. By Che way in whioh Jonathan posca himself as wc regard some of these bravo creatures, I gather that he takes raro prido and satisfac tion in them. On pleasant lines, trnly, is cast tho lot of honest Jonathan. He liaa been associated with tho oonrso for moro than twenty years, ami may bo said to be part and parcel of the institution. Ifore ia bis cottage standing on a gentlo elope, and embosBomed in flowers and shrubberies. From tho verandah I watoh the coaching of tho youngsters on the trades. Thero are Bomo twenty of them, each, doubt less, aa much a subject of anxiety and hope end fear to his trainer, as bipedo, on their en t-raneo into lifo ooneern their mothers-and fathers. Indeed, thsro is not a littlo whioh ia alike, and runs parallel to— the course of a child's life nnd that of a colt or filly. Esch trains for tho pri'/.03 of H.'a, in Bomo form or another, and a similar pfctnro is presented in either ease of the rarity of success and the oonstancy of failuro. A few eomo to the front, and a few remain thero — like old Com motion — stoutly contending against all new aomers. But what becomes qf tho ruck, whether human or eqm'no 1 Do they not pass into the oblivion of forgetfnlnesa ? Aro they not merged into the common lot, and labor out their lives in humble ahadow 7 I oiten think that a Cnp winner is like the belle of a London season, or a society beauty, who rarely shines in the firmament of fusli io nablo caprice or whim, mora than once. And yet see how eager the women ars to shine even for this brief space I Perhaps the motive may bo the speculation, and the value of notoriety may bo turned to as happy aooou.it in tho case of tho woman as iu the ease of the horse. But what is all this ? I note that Jona than iB eyeing me furtively, nB I Btand in his verandah thus reflecting; and I doubt not that ho thinka the excellent whiBkey to which wo have been treated in his house has proved too much for my weak hraina. But I tell him I was thinking that had I the . choice I would rather livo in hia cottage than in Government House, in whioh, indeed, is sober truth. At which hiVface utaeB, and though he answers nothing, ho looks tho honest gratification my poor complimont haa in spired. Jonathan's garden is a very glory o.T bibs som-j. Particularly 'nm I tfMraoted by tbo native heaths' which aro cultivated hero. It ia a popular delusion among amateur gardeners, fhac tho heath will not bear translation to artificial treatment. ' That' saye our cieerone, ' is simply because they know nothing about the mutter' — ail explanation I fancy, of the majority of popular delusions. Attached to tho oottago is ts small green house, whero pot plums are placed in plonty. Somotimes, you eee, in this eccentMo climate, the clerk of the weather plays sad pranks to wards the end of October. Tho wind and rain combine to mar tho completeness of tho floral decorations of lawn and avenue. In that c.i'.se, tho remedy ia at hand. The pot planta are buried in theearth, and the eyo is satisfied. Thero is surely Eomething of enthusiasm in these fond precautions oa the part of Mr. Moore, to completo tho glory of the place, at' Carnival time. OE tho ferneries, the Ivied walls, tho ' har dening house,' in which plants are prepared for planting out ; of the hedges of gn&ania; and masses of pittosporum, of tho planta tions right and left, and the whole further details of this most pleasant spectacle, I speak no mors. Let me hopo that thero will bo few of my readers who will not judge for themselves in tho first week ot November, and that of the thousands upon thousands who then crowd tha Hili and Lawn aud Stand and Flat, there will, be as fow iasentiblo to the circum slancc that in converting tho public portion of Flemington racecourse into a species oi a great garden, much has been done to forward rho interests of the popular sport and elevate its character by its associations. Wo raay be tare of this, that the less horstfrncing is mado purely n businesn for ihe gambler, and the moro its brave influences are associated with beauty and refinement and honest wholesome enjoyment, 'the more certainly will its popu larity expand and grow. Yonder, on tho new track aro a dozen beauties taking thoir gnllop3. As our trap ascends tho gentlo slope of tbo new members' road I watch them, and mavvol not at the strong hold the sport they confcr upon us should havo upon society. Nor do I wonder either that people who delight in such sports should have been, and should still bo distinguished abovo alt others, for their sturdy independence and robust manliness of cha racter. 