traveller. Three Weeks iuSoutUland, S.Z. (Continued.) - Bx FBINK MOBUCT. From KingetontoQueenstown the scenery is comparatively tame for Ii&ke; Wakatip; although, if the tourist were to limit hieexenrsion to Queenstown, he would' probably be under the impression that the gorges and mountains that he passed in review ar the little Mountaineer - steamed on its way were tolerablespeoimenspf -nature under difficulties.' Every qoarter of a znile or -so a miniature 'cascade would, come tumbling down from the mountains, Tvnd some • of than never - reached 'the Lakeat all but were frozen In their coarse, and remained fcahging -like a' silver"thread partly lost 'Amid'-the -dense growth of cabbage palms/fernsy and acrub, whiehclo£hed the westem sl&pe; of the tnotmtains ftom the water's edge.' Although' Tennyson, so far As Jknow,- never vimted Ii8&rWakatip1.he; has described the sppearanoeof those tiny rivulets toper-' fection in theTiotosEaters— • lake a.nlver thread the slender steam _ About half-way between Kingston and Queenstown the river Lochy comes tumbling* down a gloomy gorge, goaded by two snow-capped monntains, which stand like sentinels watching the river as it rushes over its shingly, bed to mingle Its waters with the mighty Wakatip. This is called Half-way Bay—a veiy prosaic name for the first romantic spot which greets the traveller on his way to the more gorgeous scenery st the head of the lake. In the the little Mountaineer eteatningslong past the snow-capped mountains which appear to close in behind her, and jn front present an impenetrable wall, •• Hills peep o'er hills, and Alps on Alps arise!" until fhe very grandeur of the soene becomes monotonous, and I descend into the little cabin, where I find my commercial friend sound asleep over a. yellow back novel, on the crimson cushions of cosy little saloon. I also endeavor to become interested in French novel which I had picked up pro miscuoudy in a Sydney book-stall; and if the nevd was not quite BO enthralling as the title ctf " La Femme de Cite " would lead one to expect, it was certainly amusing to read Frenchman's opinions of the " laiia and gentleman Sete-ToriaU," which were perhaps more original thsn correct. According to this -veracious Frenchman the average "gentleman New-Yorkait" marries one week and is divorced the next. His life is a choice mixture of true rdigion and brandy -cock-tails, tempered aveo le volver." The hero of this choice specimen of Gaelic literature is one James Gobson, who in .the opening chapter playfully knocks one of his wife's teeth out, and artistically outs off her left ear. He then disappears into the Bocky mountains, from whenoe he despatches a band of Bed Indians, who capture his wife from the centre of a circle of admiring friends who, at hey invitation, are enjoying the delights ot" an fcal matgirf/" The body of a woman is subsequently found floating in the river, and is identified as Miss IdaBickard (otherwise Mrs. Gobson). By the way, Mrs. Gobson is always called Mist Ida, which is an additional proof of the author's familiarity with American manners and customs. James Gobson is suspected of being the murderer of his wife, whose supposed body has been identified; and he is about to be arrested when he coolly walks into the detective office with a cigar in his mouth. In spite of bis assertions that Ida Bickard is still alive, he is about to be hanged, to the great satisfaction of a Yankee mob, who are yelling for his blood, when Ida Bickard herself turns cp. The living Ida Biokard and the dead Ida Ricfeard are as much alike as Onsar and Pompey; and the new-comer is also minus tooth and an ear in a precisely W'MLIW DUD ner to the corpse. Thu supposed murderer, James Gobson, is now released amid the en. thusiastifl acclamation of the mob which, only five minutes before, was howling for his blood. Then the divorced Mr. and Mrs. Gobson are re-married, and the presumption is that the playful Gobson will now proceed to out off his wife's other ear and knock out another tooth or so, in the accustomed manner of the "gentlemen Netr-Yorkais." But t [xetsmaturally acute detective, 'William Dow, ctill persists in believing that James Gobson has killed bis wife ; so he has a cast of the dead Ida Bickard taken in wax; and this "Femme de Ctre" plays a very important part in unravelling the mysteries of the rather ghastly stoiy. It appears that James Gobson, who must have been a very nice man for a small tea-party, had killed his wife, and married his deceased wife's sister. Then he had cut ofi ins deceased wife's raster' ear, and knocked out one of his deceased wife's aster's teeth in order to make the re -semblance of the twin sisters more Exact. Then he re-marries his deceased -wife's sister, pretending that die "is his deceased wife, whom he thus practically demonstrates not to be deceased at all. In the long run, of course, James Gobson is hanged; bat would have been mach better if he had been hanged in the' first chapter, both for the -writer and reader of this remarkable novel. Bat while my friend the commercial snoring on one side-of the little saloon, and I am trying to become interested in this gory tragedy on the other, the Mountaineer is speeding on her way to Queen stown, and from tile little windows of the saloon I can see that we ire still passing gloomy gorges and snow-capped mountains, which appear to be getting wilder and more rugged the farther we proceed. We reach Queenstown about 4 o'clock, sad a most charming little hnmlpt. it looks with the little white houses, putting one in mind of a township of LQiput, on the shores of a perfect little miniature bay, backed by mountains of brobdingnagian proportions. As our steamer slowly made for the little jetty we had time to tak^ a good view of the little town and ita surroundings before getting too close to lose the effect of -the soene as whole. To our right, as we steamed in, was a sort of little peninsula, planted with blue gums— a tree which seems to flourish better in New Zealand than in Australia; and, indeed, I question whether the Tasmanian blue gum is not quite as much at home in New Zealand as in ita native island. As we stand on the deck ot the steamer and look over the little peninsula which helps to form the little .bay, our view is stopped by a rugged mountain inasB which shoots straight up from the water, and looks like-a gigantic cross-cut saw with teeth 6,000 feet high, pointing skyward, and ova which some playful Titans had scattered floor in sport. These are " the Bemarkable Mountains;" but why they should be more remarkable than the ten thousand other mountains which are visible at the same time, it is hard to say. They are certainly rugged and steep, 'and razor backed; with angry looking black teeth jutting out of the pure white snow which vainly tries to to the smooth, shining surface, springing up almost papendicnlady until lost in the cloads and mists. They are old and haggard looking . scarred and seamed, and torn with the storms and tempests, and frosts of ten million years or more;, but they are no more remarkable than any one, or any ten thousand other mountains which crowd and jostle each other for standing room around Iiaie Wakatip. By this .time -ore ana fit the Queenstown wharf, and a large proportion of the inhabitants of Queenstown, in the shape of two men and a boy, are thereto witness our disembark- Half of the entire passenger list of the Mountaineer, from Kingston-to Queenstown, leave the steamer at the latter port, when my friend the Commercial steps on shore. He is bound for the Arrow, a mining township about fifteen miles farther on, and the centre, of a considerable diggings, about which the name of the Shotover recalls familiar recollections. Bat beforehe goes we adjbarh to Eichardt's hotel, where we drink our first whisky since leaving the Elbow. The' hospitable and motherly landlady welcomes my travelling companion as an old acquaintance; and' as I have only a limited time at my command, she adiftses 'me to go on bythe boat to the head of tha Lake, and"return to Queenstown by the Sarah-Jane, another of the Wakatip steamboats. " At 6 o'clock, then,'the third whistle of the Mountaineer (whioh, by the way, sounds more like a fog-horn) breaks the silence, and reverberates from the hills, and ladvises all passengers to embark.- 'i It was nearly dark when we hacked away om the Qaeenstown whirl The mists, are gathering thiok upon' the mountains ; ia these snow-draped «ia&B; looked like' BO many ghosts bmoding ovensome black tarn in j& gigantic spirit land. Jtowwe are swallowed np in the darknesB.-aid the last lights of f Queenstown hive-disappeared; • With nobbing tumble-but the in& black water, of which one'.is ordyoonsoimB "by the percsptiafu of-an added blackness, ind an occasional B of a ghostly Bornetting on trar right, disappearing tBternvbro^we -presume to; be the rcK&y; shore oflthe lake within reach, elmost/ af an odstretched hand; while hijih abbye our heat and apparently' ' larohing the -Iike, and Teaching out- to masses of darkness visible; these -we instinctively acoept as the mountains everlastingly towering to the sky, and now only visible because more blackly invisible than the murky vault above them. In each a Bcene as this it must have been that^'Edgar Allen Poe conceived his mystical poem, Ulalume:— " The does they were ashen and sober; The leaves they -were crisp&J; and sere— '- The leaves they were withering and sere; . It was night in the lonesome October O! my most immemorial year. It was hard by the dimlake of Auber, In the misty mid region of Weir— It was down by the dark tarn of Auber, In the ghoul-haunted woodland of Weir." In such 3 scene as this the poet wandered "through an alley Titanic of cypress " with Psyche bis soaL Bat it requires the soul of s poet to extraot the hidden beauties of such a scene as this. Hidden they are indeed; for there is absolutely nothing hat darkness -viable, unless what may be visible " to the mind's eye, Horatio." But here comes the captain, who, up to this point, has been opon the bridge, and we get into conversation about things in general and Ziske Navigation in particular. The ship's certificate, hanging jit the head of the companion-way, gives as the following information about our oaptain and Ms vessel:— Name of the steamer: Mountaineer. Fort of registry: Danedin. Name of master: Edward Thomas Wing. Begistered tonnage: 66. And 1 may as well acknowledge at once that I was -very much frprpi^ in my mind as to the reason why such a good seaman who, like Captain Corcoran, has " sailed the ocean bineand who, moreover, is a genial, worthy gentleman, should be content to navigate Lake Wakatip in a toy steamer. But Captain Thomas Wing knows -what he is about, and doubtless he has good and potent reasons for sticking to a post -which is certainly less profitable than others that he might easily aspire to. It ia not to be supposed that navigating Lake Wakatip is less difficult than intercolonial navigation. Under certain conditions, I ehould think it wotild be much more hazardous. Here we are now steaming along full speed in pitchy darkness without a solitary light or land mark visible. On oar right is & rooky wall plunging down into unfathomable depths. We cannot see the rocky shore, bat we know, or at least snppose, it is within say four hun dred yards ot our starboard bow. On our left is another rocky wall, springing from equally unfathomable depths. These two rocky walls are constantly altering their position in accordance with the serpentina twists of the labo- -or rather the lake alters to suit their contortions. Bight in front of us, and stretching across the lake from wall to wall— we cannot say from shore to shore, as there is practically no shore—are a series of rocky islands, through which, in the blackness of darkness, the oaptain, by some sort of blood instinct or inspiration, has to thread hit way, Ocean navigation is mete child's play to this. Here, ten minutes' steaming in a wrong direction, or past a certain point (which point in the darkness can only be guessed at), and the vessd is hurled upon wall of rock; and if she were the Great Eastern herself she would be swallowed np, and leave not a ripple on the surface in less than five minutes. There, oat in the high seas, if the captain is dubious of his position, he can turn his vessel's head towards the South Pole, or wherever he likes into illimitable waters, and steam away with safety until daylight. (To be continued.) 