Original Poetry. WHAT SHALL I WEAR? How shall I robe me, oh, love for thee, To, all others above, in thy sight seem fair With gold from earth's bosom, and pearls from the sea ; Silk- broiered raiment and jewels rare ? Twine me a wreath with artistic grace, And star my long tresses with diamonds clear ; Pad my figure, and tint my face, So thou, beloved, shalt hold me dear ? Shall I hobble, or strut, or limp, or bend, In all, docile to flinty fashion's best, Gild gold, paint lillies, nature mend, That thou of all men shalt love me best ? Oh, lord of my life, my love, for thee A wreath will I wear, shall win thy praise, A robe ever fair, in thy sight to be Well pleasing thro' all life's well-filled days. A wreath of smiles, oh, love it shall be, And never a gem beside I'll wear ; And I'll robe me in sweetest modesty, Thus clad, in thine eyes seem ever fair. JUNIUS. CHRIST CHURCH, STRATHALBYN.— The Lord Bishop of Adelaide held a confirmation in this Church last evening, (Wednesday) when there was a large congregation. The service commenced by the singing of the hymn 'Soldiers of Christ Arise,' during which the Bishop and clergy entered the west door and walked in procession to their places. The office of evensong was intoned by the Rev. F. W. Samwell, the Ferial Responses of Tallis being used. The Psalms for the day were sung to Anglican chants, and the lesson was read by the Rev. J. W. Owen, of Mount Barker. After the third collect a confirmation hymn was sung and the preface to the service, read by the Rev. W. J. Bussell, The Bishop then de- livered an earnest address to the canditates on the nature of the rite and the duty and privileges of those who came to receive the strengthening gift of the Holy Ghost. The service was then proceeded with and after the laying on of hands the hymn 'Thine for Ever, God of Love,' was sung, and the Bishop again addressed those who had just been admitted to full communion with the church. He urged them to show forth in their future life the fruits of the gifts they had received, and for this purpose he laid before them some simple but excellent rules to guide them. The well-known hymn, 'Onward, Christian Soldiers,' was the recessioual, and was sung with great spirit to Sir Arthur Sullivan's tune. The number confirmed was 20, and of these the Rev. W. J. Bussell presented 18 from this district, and the Rev. J. W. Owen brought two from the neighbouring incumbency of Mount Barker. Most of the candidates were adults. Unfor- tunately the confirmation arranged for Wednesday afternoon at S. George's Church, Meadows had to be postponed because the funeral of the late Rev. F. R. Coghlan was fixed for that time, and his Lordship, in response to the dying wish of the deceased clergyman, had to leave this district in order to conduct the last rites of the church at S. George's churchyard, Woodforde, near Adelaide. 