THE MITTAGONG AMATEUKS AT JtOWltAL . A nitioiir moonlight night, besides the reputation of tlio Miltngong Amateur Club, helped to comfortably All the concert lmll of the new school of arts hint Friday evening. The stage, under the fostering euro of tho oncrgctio manager, had assumod ijnite a dilToiont aspcct, tvud must lmvo considerably as tonished our Uowral friends when tho curtain rollod up at tho appointed hour. Tho choir party was not quite ho successful a.s heretofore, doubtless owing to tho absonco of tho pianoforte and pianist, however some of the songn were well sung, though Iho applauso was but meagre. Mr. Dawson'b " Only aptiiiBy bloBsom," Mr. Milliard's " Silver llhine," and 51r. liruzo'.iuU'H " Old Kim Treo," woro particu larly good, thouglrof course the band's accompani ment marred the effect. Tho jokes and commit drums, though possessing tho quality of an old al manao, were appreciated and applauded for the comienlity of the performers. In the closing scene of the ghost the acting was really good and tlcsorved tho hearty applause, elicited. Tho curiam rose again on the success of I ho evening. A scream ing Ethiopian farce, and ncvor was an adjeotivo nioi'0 applicable. To say that iho audience laughed uncoasingly conveys but faintly the pitch of mer riment .which they readied. There was ft gcntlo simmer throughout, but at certain points a very un gentle flow over. Mr. Keetley was tho lifo and soul of tho piece,apparently revelling in tho absurd situa tions oh much as tho spectators. His appcaranuo in classic costutno was doeidedly becoming, and the BtatiiCHfjuo attitudes worthy of gtcat Herculcs him self. Mr. .Milliard ossayed the part of Captain Smith and was thoroughly successful, ho possessed tho delightful art of appearing at easo which is a very high meed of praiso indeed. Mr. Kennedy as tho stern parent was very aeoeptablo while Mr. IIoolc surpassed himself as " Ajux.'1 Mr. llrazotmll filled the trying part of a woman, and although ho seemed rather still and unbending and also a little uneasy in feminine garb, ho mado n fair and charm ing Arabella; in fact tho loving omhraco between tho two lovers was ipiito pathotic and Hoemod to af ford . intenso amusement to tho audience. Mr. Strong, as Chips, completed a cast which harmoni zed really woll, and when tho curtain was rung down oil the final tableau doafoning applause filled the building. The second farce "Go to Put- ney," was especially interesting because the female parts woro really played by feminities. Mrs. Durham lookod the pretty widow to perfection and was charmingly refined and dainty, but, that littlo but, whatovor part sho essays wo can always rccognise Mrs. Durham in it, tlicro is 110 sinking lior iuden tity. Miss Annie Draper has iinprovod wonderfully, nnd Binco her lust appearance, lior forto most un doubtedly is soubrotto parts. Mr. Maokay mado a vory prominont part of Captain 0' the Saucy Dolp hin ; his mako-up was really splondid; in fact thoso who know best could hardly liavo recognised him. The only fault in this gentleman's acting is his disinclination to let tho audienco obtain a glimpse of hisoyes; perhaps this is intentional for it is by tho oyo wo rccogniso a porson. Leooo, tho great French detective, never allowod any 0110 to see his without glasROs, as by so doing his disguises would nover bo half as effective; but of courso overyone iieos " who is who" by the programme,so that argu ment is quite useless. A glimpse of expressive orbs oftimcs points a remark moro pertinently than any otlior dovico. Mr. Addision was not at his best as tho lounging eoiiBin, wo havo often seen him act far hotter. Tho other characters woro well sustained, nnd tho whole went with a verve and spirit very gratifying to actors and spectators. Many of the audienco woro Mittagongites who appear to havo a very pronounced liking for anything to do with liistrionia art. Undoubtedly tho prosont dramatio club has muoh real talent—which undor tho foster ing caro of an admiring public may somo day essay a play of the "Immortal Will." Certainly a crowded liouso would greet tho production of Bomoo ana Jiuict. IDALIA. 