FICTIOff. Camiola : A Girl with a Fortune. By Justin M'Carthy. Author of ' Miss Misanthrope, ' ' Maid of Athens,' See. Chapter XXIII. — (Continued J . itomont put tlic revolver carelessly on a table. He knew there was no further need to be on his guaid against Fitzurse. He quite understood now the man he had to deal with. Fitzurse was only the half-insane victim of his own vanity and ambition ; he was neither a deliberate thief nor a determined, bravo. * 'I give vou mv word of honour; I swear to you, Fitzurse, that I will never tell any human being of any thing that has happened here between us ; if only you will promise to give up that girl. I am just as willing and just as anxious to save you as I was before,' and I don't believe that you are wholly lost; no, not a bit of it. I will be your' friend even yet, if you will allow me. You will let that giil alone ?' 'What can I say to her? How- can I get out of it? She likes me; she is fond of me; she is indeed. What shall I say to her ? We were to have gone off together to night or to-morrow morning.', 'By Jove!' exclaimed Bomont; 'I have been only just in time.' ' Giving net up I give up everything; what do I care about my life any more ? No ; I can't give her up — I won't give her up.' 'My good fellow, don't you see that you must give her up? — don't vou see that after what has happened I must interfere ancl tell her father and her brother if you don't promise me ? I shall have to call in Pilgrim and Joseph ; and to send for the police and give you into custody on a charge of attempted robbery and murder. Joseph saw you take out the gold ; he was watching you all the time ; I know how you put it back ; and I can prove attempt at murder. You will spend this evening in prison; ana you will probably only come out of prison to go into ? penal servitude. These are the hard realities of your position. You must see that Miss Lisle is not like to marry a convicted felon. That 4s one side of the case. Now look at the other; I offer vou freedom; my absolute silence about all this ; and a full chance to you to redeem yourself and start a new and a decent career in some other country. You shall have money and every fair chance. I don't suppose a strict moralist would approve of what I am doing ; but I don't mind. I think that with all your vanity and your nonsense you have some good in you still : and moralist or no moralist I give you another chance. Will you take it ? Come.' ' What can I say to her ? What shall I say to her?' the wretched young man feebly moaned. ' Well, you can say something like this ; you can say that youknow now her father and mother would never approve of the marriage ; and you can say you have found mat you have not as much money or as good prospects as you expected ; and that you do not think it right to her to drag her into poverty, and exile and a quarrel with her family all at once ; and that out of your very love for her — for I takc.it for granted, Fitzurse, that you do love her, you ore not bad enough to have bcon merely deceiving her ? — out of your very love for her you think it better to go away and leave her. Write something like that, and sne will understand it in the right way, and think all the more of you. Then she will remember you always in a kindly sort of way, and you will always he a hero to her — even when she has married someone whom her father and mother like, and is happy. By heaven, Fitzurse, if I were you that is what I should do, and X should be glad to have spared the girl from misery, and saved up for myself a kindly memory in her heart forever.' ' I suppose you ore right,' Fitzurse said, sullenly. ' At all events you are in a position to dictate terms ; and I have put myself into a position which gives you the right to dic tate them. There is only one way out for me ; and that is through the door you offer to open. 1 ought to thank you, Itomont ; and I do see that you have acted very gener ously ; and 1 shall be better able to feci in the right way by-and-bye, perhaps; but you have knocked down my_ castle of cards with a pretty roughhand. You have spoilt my game just as I was on ? the very point of winning it— and 1 am afraid I can't he quite as grateful as 1 ought to ho for your generosity in letting me off — just yet.' 'I don't mind,' said Bomont; 'I am doing my best; I am thinking more about the girl than about you. You accept my terms — that is the main point.' ' 1 must; I have no choice. It's a little hard on me,, isn't it ? that a man should lose love and ambition and every thing — oven London — all at once — and have to be grateful for it, too.' ' I don't ask you to he grateful,' Bomont said, sternly ; 'and 1 don't see much opening for ambition in the way you were going, and I am not quite certain whether you were in love with Jonette Lisle or only with yourself. But I am glad you have made up your mind.' ' One word more,' Fitzurse said, hastily, as he saw that Boniont was about to bring the dialogue to an end.. *' You won't do things by halves; I believe that much of you; for the few days that. I shall have to prepare for going away — wherever I am to go — you will not seem to have cut me? You will not keep away from me? That would make people suspect.' ' I will behave,' said Bomont, 'exactly as if you were my closest friend. I wilL help you in all your prepara tions ; I will sec you off ; ' 1 Bhall be among the last to shake your hand and wish you good luck ab you go.' For a moment Fitzurse was really touched.. Through the seven-fold hide of vanity and selfish egotism, and mean ambition, shallow artifice and small cynicism, the simple manhood of Bomont' s nature pierced his heart. ' If I were to begin again,' he thought, ' 1 should like — -1 should try, to be like that. Well, I am 'to begin again; I am to have another chance.'' ' Shall wc wait for Pilgrim? ' Bomont suddenly asked, ' He is sure to ho here in good time ; we can tell him that you are going away ; he may have some advice to give us ; he knows a lot of . things, Pilgrim does.' ' No, I don't want to see Pilgrim,' Walter said, hastily. ' I don't want Pilgrim to hare anything to do with my affairs.' ' We wouldn't tell him anything except just that you were determined to go abroad somewhere.' ' I don't want Pilgrim-,' Walter repeated. He was afraid that Pilgrim would bring up the story of Yinnie Lammas which Walter was not anxious to be reminded of just then. He little appreciated the chivalrous forbearance of Pilgrim. Even to Bomont, Pilgrim had not told Vinnie's story, ex~ cept in the most ' rapid outline^ and he, had stud no more about Fitzurse than that he was* not so fond of the girl lately as he had been. What Pilgrim did not know of his own knowledge he never would tell as a fact. Bomont agreed that Pilgrim should not be taken into confidence. He understood the compact with Fitzurse to be complete, and that was what he was anxious about. There was no talk of writing or signing -anything. Walter left Fitzurse House at midnight, having with him more of the gold than he had himself taken out of Mrs. Pollen's trea sure casket in the first instance, and having given Bomont his promise to meet him at 5 o'clock the following afternoon at Komont's lodgings. Fitzurse passed out of the music-room into the night. He turned for a moment and looked back upon tho house he was leaving. He must have felt humbled and crashed if he had ever allowed genuine feeling to lire in his heart at all. But he never had doue thin ; he had made his life a piece of acting even, to himself. As he looked back on the old hall he was not an impostor with a false name, going out dis graced into exile, pledged as the sole condition of his safety to give up the giil who loved him. No, he felt himself a hero of romance, the last of the proud race of Fitzurse, driven indeed by overmastering destiny from the home of his ancestors, but still intrepid and self-sustained, still re solute to strive against fate, a very Fitzurse to the end. Perhaps no writer of fiction has had the courage yet to sound fully the deeps of self -deception and self- delusion which are to be found in certain egotistic natures. Walter left the house then, not crushed and humbled, but, on the contrary, elate and full of new purpose. There was a possibility occurring to him which had not been thought of, certainly had not been talked of, when he mmh- his compact with Bomont. . Suppose Janette Lisle should refuse to' take advantage of .nis self- sacrifice? Suppose she should declare that she preferred his love to any other earthly consideration ?' Suppose she would not take. back her freedom? Suppose she were to insist on being his wife ? What was he to do then ? Could his compact with Bomont hold under such conditions ? Could any man be expected to insist upon renouncing the baud of tho girl he loved and who loved him if she, resolved not to be outdone in generosity and affection, were to declare that she would not be renounced ? There was something comforting, something hopeful, in these thoughts. Sup pose Jauette Lisle did then insist on being his wife, with what splendid eclat would they not go out to America together— the young hero who had carried off the British earl's granddaughter ! In anticipation lie saw the delighted society of the new world flinging open its gorgeous saloons to welcome liim and his bride. The tempting thought came up in his mind, ' If this should happen, if Janette will not give me up, I liavc the money ; destiny itself has placed it in my hands through the hands of iny enemy. We can get away.' When Christian Pilgrim came back from his purpose less wanderings he found Bomont standing on the lawn near the outer door of the mnsic-room smoking a cigar. There was a certain look of exaltation, if not even exulta tion, on Boniont's face, and when he spoke he spoke like a man in high spirits. Pilgrim was surprised to see him still there ; but it was generally understood that no one was to be much surprised at any of the goings and comings of the principal frequenters of Fitzurse House. Bomont hod a letter in his hand. 'Look here, Pilgrim,' he said, ' my brave companion in Humane Society competition, I particularly want this letter taken up to the Rectory at once. I would take it myself hut for reasons.' ' I'll take it, of course, Mr. Bomont ; for Mr. Lisle ?' ' No ; for Miss Sabine.' Pilgrim drew back a little. ' You don't want me to see her?' he asked. ' No, not necessary. But I want it to he quite certain that she gets the letter to-night. She won't have gone to bed yet, I should think ; hut if she has you. can have it given to her maid or someone, and make it clear that Miss Sabine is to get it at once. She must read it to-night. I'll wait until you come back ; I want to have some talk with you.' Pilgrim took the letter and went his way. He felt sure it was a love-letter from Bomont to Miss Sabine. ' Why not?' he asked himself. Who could help loving her ? — who could be a fitter lover for her ? This, however, was all the letter contained : — ?' Don't expect Mr. Lisle in the morning ; I have not seen him or sent him any message, There is no necessity how. I am sure it is all right. Don't say anything to her ; she is quite safe now.' Bomont did not say a word about his love. It would have been unworthy, lie thought, to take such advantage of a letter which was to tell her that he had succeeded in saving her friend. He wanted her love ; bat did not want to have any ray of it merely refracted from her sudden gratitude. She does iove me, he thought ; I can wait. Pilgrim came back and told him he had given the letter to a servant. Miss Sabine was still up and would get it. ' I saw Walter Fitzurse in the grounds,' he said. ' In the grounds here?' 'No; up at the Rectory, He didn't see me, I think; he didn't want to see me, perhaps; but I saw him. He was behind one of the trees ; perhaps he wanted to know something about Vinnie.' ' X shouldn't think it was that,' said Bomont ; ' I don't suppose he knows anything about what had happened.' 'I hope not; I shouldn't like him to know; it would only make h?m more vain than he is. He would take a Eleasure in the thought that a pretty girl had tried to drown ereelf oh his account.' . ' He isn't thinking about her now, T am sure,' Bomont said. ' He was there anyhow.' Bomont remained silent a moment, a little anxious. Then his looks cleared. ' X know, I see. Poor fellow — he has mine to taken last look ; that is what 1 should do if I were he. . In that way I am in thorough sympathy with the goings on of the ghosts, Pilgrim; I should like if I were a ghost to be always haunting the places where I hod felt anything, hap piness or not. Walter Fitzurse is doing the ghost business to-night.' In his heart Bomont felt compassion for the fallen and ruined young man, and thought the better of him because he had stolen away to haunt the spot where his lost love was hidden. A pang of generous pity went through him. He told Pilgrim nothing more about Walter,- After an hour or two of talk Bomont started to walk home alone. After nil tho excitement of the day a lone lonely walk would suit him. Faint streaks of dawn were showing in the sky as he passed the Old Ferry Inn. There was an unwonted air of life and activity in the house for such an hour ; there were lights moving about in the rooms here and there. In the river just in front of the hostelry a small steam yacht was lying. Her 6team was up, and she was evidently about to start. A boat was made fast to the steps of the did inn. Bomont stopped for a moment and looked at the steamer, and wondered who owned her and what she was going to do; then glanced at the water, thought of the poor girl he had rescued from it only a few hours ago, and went his way. He reached his home tired, proud, and on the whole happv in the thought that he had been able to do something which Camiola would be glad to hear of-; and he slept well and had sweet dreams. 