ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY THE GHOST.) Never, perhaps, on any former occasion, have the echoes of the Assembly resounded with more hearty cheers than those which greeted the announcementof the Chairman that the Licensing Act Amendment Bill had been "reported" with amendments. Honourable members were apparently as delighted at getting rid of the measure as was Sinbad at being relieved from carrying the old man of the sea. The last of the measure has, however, by no means been heard, for although a number of the clauses anent which Mr. Kerferd had, in imitation probably of Captain Cuttle, agreed to " take a note of, , were passed, the compen- sation clauses of the bill still remain to be dealt with, and on Tuesday the measure is to be "re-committed" for this pur- pose, when, doubtless, the flood of oratory which the Government, by promising to consider every amendment suggested, suc- ceeded in damming back will again be let loose. Then, beyond doubt, the Upper House, as the guardians par excellence of property and vested rights, will seek to amend the measure in the direction of their particular idiosyncrasies, so that we may look forward with a tolerable amount of certainty to having to listen once again to all the arguments already wearisomely propounded. The outlook is certainly far from lively, and were the Council, as is rumoured, to make short work of the bill, and refuse to allow it to be read a second time, no very great amount of'regret would be felt by anyone. At best it is only a com- promise, and like all compromises, satisfies neither party to it. The teetotalers and local optionists think the measure does not go far enough, moderate drinkers think it goes too far, publicans en esse deem its provisions harsh, publicans in posse con- sider them unworkable, and brewers and wine and spirit merchants are of opinion that the restrictions imposed upon them are ridiculous, and owners of "public house property" denounce them tu"as down right robbery." If the bill does receive its quietus at the hands of the Legislative Council it will certainly descend to its grave "unwept, unhonoured, and un- sung." By way of varying the entertainment provided for houourable members sur- feited with the talk of beer, the Govern- ment have promised at once to introduce a bill dealing with water. Assuredly the questions of irrigation and water supply are of more importance to Victoria than the number of public-houses with which its surface is to be dotted, and it will be a matter for deep regret if Mr. Deakin's trip to California in search of aquoous experience does not bear fruit during the present session. Perhaps Victoria does suffer at times from an excess of beer, but certainly she suffers always from a deficiency of water. The object of the social reformer who seeks to check the bibulous propensities of a people ii indubitably a nobler one, but what about the aim of those who seek to make " two blades of grass grow where only one grew before." Which of the two deserves best of his country? There can be no doubt in regard to the reply to this ques tion, and one Government having used its best exertions to deprive all and sundry, including "the poor man of his beer," should put forth their strongest efforts to supply every one with an abundant supply of water. Australian federation is now within measurable distance. The bill drawn by the Queensland Premier in accordance with the powers granted by the Imperial Federation Enabling' Act has been intro duced in the Legislatures of Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania, Fiji, and Victoria. To West Australia, however, belongs the honour of having been the first of the group to pass the measure. In re- gard to this question it would almost appear as if the world were to be furnished with yet another example of the declara- tion that "the first shall be last, and the last first." The western Crown colony, which has hitherto occupied but a very sub- sidiary position among the colonies of the Australian Continent, has become the corner stone of the federated dominion, while New South Wales, whlch is certainly the oldest, if not the premier dependency, still refuses to join the movement. Perhaps when the Governments of New Zealand and New South Wales discover that despite their opposition Australasian unity is an accom- plished fact, they will leave off kicking against the pricks, recover from the fit of sulks under which they are now apparently labouring, and discard the policy of isola- tion which if persisted in can only result in earning for them the dislike of the remain- der of federated Australasia and the con- tempt of the rest of the empire. What evil genius can have prompted the Australian Natives Association to place on record a resolution that "Imperial federa- tion is objectionable ?" True, history is not one of the subjects included in our State school curriculum. But surely the "gumsucker" must have heard, if only in a vague and general kind of way, of the grand old empire of which it is our proud boast to be an integral portion. Do the young gentlemen who so glibly disposed of a question which has exercised the minds of England's fore- most statesmen Inot know that it is mainly to the fact that they are associated with the mother country that they owe their status among nations, nay, more their very existence ? Do they take no pride in Eng- land's glory? Have the stories of her victories by land and sea ceased to raise in them a feeling of pride at the thought that they belong to the nation whence so many heroes have sprung, which has achieved the foremost rank among the people of the earth, and.is in very truth the cradle of liberty ? If they do not know all this, the sooner they learn it the better for them- selves. It is devoutly to be hoped that only a small minority of the present native born manhood of Victoria are in accord with the Association, and that the bulk of our native youths are prepared to endorse the sentiment of the nautical songster in " Pinafore," who affirms that— In spite of all temptations, To belong to other nations, I am an Englishman ? The case of Mr. Symes, the Freethought lecturer and publisher of the Liberator, is still sub judice, and remark or comment on his position is therefore precluded. He has been committed for trial before the Criminal Court for keeping " a disorderly house," on three distinct charges. Whether the legal technicalities raised will afford him a loophole of escape it is hard to say. But the weapons with which it is sought to place Mr. Symes hors de contbat are of a some- what obsolete kind, and "an intelligent jury" may perhaps refuse to avail itself of the provisions of an old act of George II., under which the charges are laid. It speaks well for English morality that, during the last century, when all sorts of crimes, misdemeanours, and peccadilloes have been legislated against, it has not been found requisite to frame any law to deal with offenders of the class of the Sunday profaning lecturer of the Hall of Science. Profanity and blasphemy are of rare occurrence among English speaking people, and it is certainly to be hoped that Victoria may be spared the necessity of placing on her statute book a law to meet cases of the kind now before the tribunals of the colony. A committee of the Presbyterian As- sembly of Victoria has been engaged during the week in "culling"' the lost flock of the Rev. Charles Strong. The "culls " are to be relegated to the hall to be erected in Flinders-street, and then the Presbytery will proceed to consider the re- quest of the "selected sheep," to choose their own shepherd. All this may be very right from a clerical point of view, but to the lay mind — finding a number of worthy people guilty of heterodoxy with- out asking or hearing their opinions — the proceedings savour somewhat of the " Jedburgh justice," under which a man was first hanged, and then tried. How- ever, it would appear as if mat- ters had now reached a crisis and the beginning of the end of the long pro- tracted Scots Church dispute were at hand. Everybody. will rejoice at seeing the matter "settled" in some fashion, for it must be evident alike to the opponents and to the supporters of the R'ev. Charles Strong that the "scenes" which have cllaraterised the proceedings of the Pres- byterian General Assembly, and the con- troversy on doctrinal points to which the lecture delivered by Mr. Justice Higin- botham has given rise, are inimical alike to the cause of true religionand Christian charity. A sensible resolution in regard to the Tasmanian reciprocity treaty has been arrived at by both sides likely to be affected by its provisions. The employers and the employed are to meet to discuss the probable bearing of the treaty on their several interests. This is as it should be. Capital and labour should ever march hand and hand. It will be curious to watch the re- sult of the conference, note the arguments used on either side, and the spirit in which the discussion is carried on. And even if it should so happen that the meeting is barren of practical results, the conference will not have been held in vain. The very fact that the" 'orny 'anded son of toil" has condescended to meet and discuss with the " bloated capitalist" will be a gain to the cause of common sense, and after all com- mon sense is an important factor in mun- dane affairs. Victoria may well begin to ask herself whether or not she is receiving an adequate return for the enormous amount — consider- ably in excess of half-a-million sterling per annum-entailed upon her by the present system of education. Two lads of about the ages of 15 and 16 were recently brought before the Melbourne Police Court charged with some trifling offence of the kind prevalent among the Victorian larri- kins. In reply to the Bench they both acknowledged that although they had "at- tended school," neither of them could read or write. To test their educational pro- ficiency the presiding magistrate asked them to spell some simple words of one syllable. The result was an egregious failure. The schoolmaster was very much abroad in his attempt to elicit what was spelt by the letters m-a-n and d-o-g. If tile Bench had tried the youngsters with c-a-t, perhaps the result would have been more satisfactory. 