AFTER A HUNDRED YEARS. By Mrs. A. Blitz. Author of " Eeilbronn," Sc., Sc. All Rights Reserved by the Author. Chapter XIV. " Why dost thou frown unon mef My blood runs oold, mjr heart forgets to heave, And life itaolf goea ont at thy displeasure." —Jddhon. ' " Every brdbo Had been o'erstrang by panga intenee, . , And eaoh frail fibre of her brain (Ae'bowatriuga when relaxed by rain, The etriug arrow lannohed naide) Sent forth her thoughts all wild and wide." .■.v —Byron, T T was some little time after the events of the preceding chapters ; JL when Mr. Simeon and his daughters had been to wolcome.Salome as Phillip's chosen bride, with opan arms, and smiles, and tears ; when sanction and blessing helped to glorify this love episode j when the con vulsion which had disturbed " Fircone "was passing away, and every thing was workingquietly within the ' Fircone" household, that Salome, with a letter fluttering in her hand, hurried aw»y to the solitary pine on the lawn to court seclusion, that she might read it undisturbed. It was a lengthy letter, written closely, covered with a man's firm writing, and lover-liko expressions. She gloated over it with lustrous eyes drinking in every line. With blushing cheeks she bent over it, and read and re-read it—perhaps kissed it too. It is unfair to pry too closely. However, having learnt it by heart, she folded it with lingering fingers and then proceeded to slip it away where it might lie concealed againBt her heart, whenBho became conscious of a shadow between her and the Bky, and looking up, the flush loft her cheeks, the light fled from her ayes to give way to fear, for she beheld Arnold Gascodelle. His coming for her decision having been delayed so long, lately the dread of it had been growing less and less, for she almost rejoiced in the belief that he would take the rejection of his grandmother's suit as final, and never trouble her again. But no ; there he stood, watching her with a keen, cutting gaze, with his cheeks more hollow, and his hands thinner and whiter than ever. She involuntarily started, and gave a slight scream, " I am sorry to have alarmed you, but you were so interested in your letter that I would not disturb you before, contenting myself with watching from the distance," he began. "Happy letter! happy writer 1 to call that pleasure to your face, which I, miserable wretch, have banished. Pardon ine." Then he sat down close by her on the rustic seat under the pine, while she trembled and grew whiter still, unable to answer him, and kept her eyes fixed on the grassy carpet at their feet. "Will you not speak tome V he continued, noting her pallor and growing uneasiness. " I have only come to tell you what I think of you, as I promised to do; do you remember ? I fear grandmother,in her zeal and anxiety for my welfare, and premature solicitation for mercy from you on my behalf, has done me no kindness. All these dreary weeks I have been deprived of your society—how could I intrude where death and soirow and mourning held their miserable away 1 Yet I have been dying to see you, and have traversed these grounds with the hope of an accidental meeting. This morning the Fates have been propitiouB." ' " Not for me," thought Salome, as he went on. " Grandmother has been trying to woo you with threats, while my tongue can know no language but pure love. Surely you must have expected me after all that she told youp" Salome bit her lip, and still remained silent. " Will you not believe me if I tell you that I loved you from the hour that found me gathering the water-lily for you at the lake 1 Well it is as true as that the sun shines this minute. I loved you then, and my love has strengthened with the growing months since, and it is wearing out my body with its attending doubts and fears. Oh, let me speak now, I will not ask for your love in return, but let me, for mercy's sake, let me try to win it ; let me feel there is something worth living for. Give me hope and trust to begin with, and take my mighty love." He put forth his hand to grasp hers, but she drew it away sharply, and almost leaped from the sent, with her hands on her bosom over her letter nestling in the folds of her dress. She stepped some paces from him, and faced him with working features. " You must not speak like this to me," she cried, in some agitation. " I have been wrong to let you goon, Mr. Gascodelle. I am truly, heartily sorry that this has happened. I am grateful to you for the honour you do me, but can only repeat what you must have already learnt. I shall remember you gratefully, esteem you, but cannot feel for you as you do for mo—can never be anything to you but a sincere and well-wishing friend. Oh, Mr. Gascodelle, leave me; do leave me, please." There was a strong appeal in her voice with the latter words. "I will," ho answered, with a forced coolness, as he rose from the rustic chair, and went lip to her. " I will, if you will answer one question before I go, and, by heaven, it shall be answered. Who is there standing between us 1" "I don't understand you," she replied, retreating from him. "Yes you do," ho exclaimed, speaking in a higher key, with rising passion not to be ourbod. " You are loved and love in return, and the man who robs mo is called 1" *1 Silence, Bir she trembled and paled exceedingly now. " We must fiossess before we cau be robbed. You have no right or title to come lore and question me in this manner. Were you the only, man in Edwardine I could not listen to your proposal." " Because I am not a Jew; or because I am not Phillip Simeon ?" " You are insulting, sir, and I shall leave you." With a swift movement she turned from him, but he caught her hand and detained her. "Stay, oh stay, Salome," hepitoously cried ; "I have forgotten my self. Tell me you forgive me." The blaze of wrath had left his face' wan and worn ; it was white and stony like marble ; misery was1' sculptured on every feature. "Say you forgive me. Do not refuse a dying man. !-'alome, my only love, I am dying—I know I am dying. Hear mo just a little while longer, and then you shall never see me' again." " Let my hand alone," she said, "and say what you have to say" quickly. I must be going." " Salome Lewis," ho began, as he relinquished his hold on her hand obediently, ''I have my answer ; but I believed in winning you that the elixir of life wouldbe mine, and we should be happy for many, many" years. You should dwell in a palace, and adorn that sphere to which your birth and beauty entitle you, and I should be your slave, and you should be my worship, with everlasting incense burning at your feet. There I should kneel and never ask for- more. Oh ! you are worse than that tragedy queen who forced the unhappy Rosamond to choose her death between hemlock and steel. My veins are filled with a Blow and deadly venom ; my whole existence is poisoned, and my life will slowly but surely succumb to the fatal draught which I have been sipping day by day since you made me love you ; and now," he added as he fell on his knees before her, and clutched at the hem of her dress " now you know this, will you not forgive my seeming rudeness—a passion born of disappointed love and blighted hope? Will you not give mo one word of pity, of womanly tenderness, before I leave you for ever ? Oh, Salome, pity my unhappy love, and remember my days are numbered." " Mr. Gascodelle, I do forgive you ; you know I pity you, and you— you are breaking my heart." She sat down again, and bowing her head against the rough trunk of" the fir tree, hid her face and her grief. He rose to his feet and stood bofore her once more. Hot, strong; tears blinded hiB vision, and strangled his speech. With an effort and with a volume of tenderness he spoke : "Dear girl, you weep for me. I have made you suffer, and I could not help it. Dry your eyes, and I will pray for your happinesB, but I shall go on loving you until my last breath is drawn. I have been cruel to you. It is not your fault that you are beautiful and good, created to inspire love. It is the pursuing fate—the doom of my house. Oh, my lost love, be happy ! be happy! Igo to perdition, and shall wait for" my one friend, whose coming I once shrank from, but shall now hail with joy. Good-bye 1" And so, with a parting wave of his hand, he was gone, and Salome remained with her fair forehead pressed against the tree, and sobbecU bitterly. " MiBB Lewis—Miss Lewis—where are you, Salome ?" Children's voices came nearer andnearer, and presently little Marion" and Essie bounded under the tree like a couple of fawns, and skipped towards the weeping girl, laughing and merry. Finding her hysteri cally sobbing, their laughing faces changed, and EBBie, clinging about her sister with childish endearments asked, " What was the matter?" and had she fallen down and hurt herself ? and where waB the pain ?" But Marion fled to re-appear with Mm. Lewis. " What has happened, Salome?" she asked, full of anxiety "Marion quite alarmed me. " _ ' Then, believing her daughter's suffering to be mental, she dismissed the children at once, and sat down to draw Salome's head to her bosom from the rough support of the tree. "My dear child, don't cry—don't. It i'b dreadful to see you like" this. Tell me what has happened." " Oh, mamma, mamma," Salome managed to artioulate at lengths through her broken breath. " It—it has come at last." " What has come, dear ?" "That un-unhappy answer, and I—I have killed him." " Do you mean that Arnold GaBCodelle has been here ?" "Yes." "I thought the whole matter had become a dead letter. What made ■ him come now ?" " To hear his fate for hiniBelf, I suppoae. Ho came, and—he has* gone, and-and ho will die." More sobbing. " For heaven's sake calm yourself, child. He had no right to say you are killing him. The inherent disease is killing him. Strong men never die of love. Gome, come, dry your eyes. What will Phillip Bay ? That reminds me; you had a letter from him. What does • he Bay ?" ThuB the mothor tried to bring forth the sunshine of Salome's own happy love ; but at present her swelling heart had no room for any emotion but pure sympathy and distress for the miserable man who* had just left her, and she vindicated her feelings by assuring her mother that she could not be thoroughly, indifferent to Arnold, though she did not love him—that there was much to admire in him. 44 Is it nothing," Bho went on to say, " to know and feel that I have3 been the unwilling destroyer of his peace of mind? It is a most miserable reflection, and I cannot put it away at a minute's notice, mamma; and I shall never forget this day. Do not blame me for my grief, Phillip himself would not, and I pray to God to spare poor ' Arnold for earthly blessing in Borne true, good woman yet.' Don't trouble about me, mamma, you shall not see me this way again. You would not have done bo now but for the children." " I will not reproach you, Salome, because you can feel for another's woe. Perhaps 1 can pity that poor fellow, too ; but it vexeB me exceedingly to hear you talk about 4 killing him.' That is all romantic nonsense.. He will live or he will die as God wills. He is a bit of a poet, and hugs the idea, till it assumes a real shape, that you will be his death. Why, Salome, ono-half of all the young people in the world would be gasping for a last breath if disappointed love worked like a pestilence amidst them. In nine caseB out of ten there i» blighted hope—thank God yours and Phillip's is the tenth—it is hard* to bear, but it does not drain the life out of men or women. Foolish girl, dry your eyes ; pity poor Arnold if you will, but don't make your life wretched by harping on his inevitable death, and your instru mentality to that end." "If you had seen him—had heard him, you would not wonder at me—you would weep with me," exclaimed Salome, and perhaps she was right. When we read of a disastrous shipwreck—a mere outline of stern facts coming to us through the press—or a cable message is flashed abroad to tell us in a jerky way that fifty souls have perished in the open ocean, that a hundred have been consumed and crushed in a burning theatre, or that the earth has yawned for a thousand lives, buried them with a thousand homes, swallowed a whole city ; we start and shiver, while all the humanity within us rises with a groan. We may possibly drop a tear or two aB an imaginary death-shriek filiB our ears. Yet how transient is this emotion, how often does the picture conveyed to the heart, through the "mind's eye" alone, fade like a dissolving view to make room for fresh impressions 1 The startling paragraph appals us but with the beginning of a new line of reading, the horror lessens, and wo read on until the paper is cast aside, and all the fire of our pity burns low, the flame sinks, and on its ashes a feeble spark remains, soon to be extinguished. But let the senses be appealed to through the physcal eye and oar, then it is that the heart receives and retains a faithful reflection of the anguish witnessed. The brain absorbs what the eye sees, what the ear hears ; misery is indelibly photographed there. We weep and bewail at the death of a single individual, gazing on the last convulsion sending him or her to eternity; we look with pain on the bowed mourners. One solitary creature comes before us in bodily or mental agony, and our passionate susceptibility gives way moro violently than at the actual knowledge that a thousand of our brethren have been swept from the world with one pitiful cry to be drowned, burnt, crushed, buried. Surely then Salome was right. Had Mrs. Lewis seen the despair which had blanched ihe unhappy Arnold's face to the semblance of death, seen his worn frame, heard the desolation and bitterness in his acoentB, heard his last words quivering with their force and agony until they seemed to concentrate themselves into one mournful wail like the moan of a dying man, there would have been two weeping women under the pine. If this was the truthful representation of a withered hope, then God help half the young people in the world, thought Salome, ponder inet over her mother's allusion. But she did not know that the rejection of Arnold's suit meant a downfall, which Mrs. Uascodeiie naa ■o perseveringly laboured to avert from liim. She did not know of that curse which the grandmother had called upon Arnold to obliterate, clinging to the Jewess as a stepping-stone— a a refuge. But the day was coming ; it loomed in the distance yet, but the weeks that followed brought it nearer and neater, aud Salome could not pierce that impenetrable veil, behind whioh mysterious links were being forged by the invisible hand, and wonderful changes were being woven. Arnold Gascodello would not remain at Halcyonica. He left it and his grandmother consigned once more to solitude. She never darkened the "Fircone" doors ugain, but nursed her despair at Lake dale, never, quitting its roof, never seeking society or sympathy, but her wiry frame relaxed, and the sands of her time were well-nigh exhausted. Letters came from abroad from Mr. Herzen to the children ,* short, but affectionate letters. Mrs. Lewis always read them, and took care that they were duly answered. Every outgoing mail took a small budget from "Fircone," contain ing three pretty little epistles from Amy and her sisters to their father, full of loving messages and entreaty for his return. About six months after liiB departure, Phillip Simeon left the university as a B.A., and had set to work in real earnest to prepare himself for his profession, and with a laudable desire to gather in a little of the needful towards refunding that which he considered a debt to his father, he scraped an hour here and there from his law ; studies, to write ; and already had earned a very fair remuneration for his literary work from various sources, under the nom de plume of iiAvetarch." He corresponded with Salome through the week, and spent every alternate Sunday afternoon with her at "Fircone." She and Her mother were living a peaceful life, and Salome would have been thoroughly happy, but for Mrs. Gascodelle. She know of her solitude and misery, and she had heard through indirect channels of her breaking health, yet she did not dare to enter her presence unasked, and she longed to relieve the poor old lady's suffering, which Arnold did not attempt to alleviate, it seemed. He was in Edwardine, living a wild and dissipated existence, fully verifying his prediction of "going to the dogs"if Salome should give him his conge. One morning, however, later on, her desire to see and tend Mrs. Gascodelle was unexpectedly and strangely fulfilled. She was sitting in the, schoolroom with her little sister and pupils, when a servant appeared at the door. " If you please, miss, here's a young woman as wants to see you very particular," said the maid. "Where ? Lot hor come hero." An elderly woman entered, in whom Salome recognised an old and faithful servant of Mrs. Gascodelle. " 1 beg your pardon, miss," began the now arrival, ns she twisted the corner of her Rob-Roy shawl nervously, " but I have made bold to come to you, knowing you to bo an old iriend of my missis. I havo come against her will, but don't cure. She is wandering in hor mind, and needB somebody besides her servants. I am afeared to be alone with her, miss, and that's the trutli; she is Baying Buch queer thingB as makes my blood run cold down my spine, and she won't havo nobody but mo near her, and it ain't right. Do come, my dear young lady, for the lovo of God, do come." "Certainly I will come, Troycot, if I can servo her," answered Salomo, with a determination to follow the woman at once, "Children, you must get on with ynur lessons without me for a time." She hurriedly prepared her outdoor toilet, acquainted her mother with her movements, and then, side by side with Troycot, her humble companion, she hastened to Lakedale. "What dots tho doctor say T Salome inquired, on the way. " Bleat you, miss, she hasn't had no doctor, nor she wouldn't have none. She threatened to dismiss me once when I said I'd fetch one. She's not been tho same woman Bince Mr. Arnold left. I think he ia wild like, and it frets her. It's hard times I've had by night and day with her, and I'm just wearied out, miss." "Never mind, Troycot, she will reward you well for your long faith ful service. She has had much trouble, and we must humour her, and wo must have a doctor. Is she in bed 1" "No, miss ; she won't lay down night nor day. She walks up and down, and up and down half the night, calling for her mother, for you, and asking for peoplo I never heard on. I couldn't stand it no longer. She fell as eep in her chair, and I slipped away for you, and, indeed, miss, Im grateful to you." "Poor thing ; poor, poor thing!" exclaimed Salome, in genuine distress, feeling sure that she herself had much to do with this change— this breaking of mind and body. Would Mrs. Gnscodelle know her 2 she thought, and, if she did, how would she bo received? But here a true friend was needed, and she would endeavour to be that true friend, yet it was not without trepidation that she entered Lakedale again. She was scarcely prepared to find hor as she did. Sho was sleeping as Troycot had left her, but Salome's heart palpitated painfully as she noted the ashy, leaden-hued complexion, tho long, thin features, the pinched nostrils and blue lips. All tho beauty of hor old handsome face was worn out with tho rough- boating tide of misery. It was a dull, heavy sleep ; ever and anon sho drew a heavy breath, and her attenuated fingers t«itched convulsively. " Mrs. Troycot, I fear sho is very ill," Salomo whispered. "Go to Edwardine, and lose no time. Bring a doctor—bring Dr. Greyville, he knows me : say I send for him. It is criminal to see hor like thia and do nothing. Call in at ' Fircone' on your way, and please tell mamma that it is my intention to remain all this day and night. I cannot leave her like this." " The Lord love you, miss. I will do anything you ask, I will. You've taken a load of iron from my chost. I am gono, and won't be no longer than can bo helped." And so the grateful woman went out of the room, muttering and blessing, and Salome was alone. For some time sho watched tho sufferer, waiting in fear for the awaking. Prest ntly, a dog barking beneath the window made tho sleeper turn, the lids trembled and were raised. Poor Salome's heart leaped more wildly now as she longed, yet trembled, »t tho coming recognition. But the oytB resting on her did not recogniso the girl friend. Their lustre was gone, and a vacant, far-off look met hers, then a feeble smile overspread the blue lips. Mrs. Gascodollo lifted herself up wearily, and extended both hands to Salomo, who took them, and folt very much inclined to scream. Sho know she was in the presence of a mindless woman, and the shattered mental condition was worse than the natural bodily decay. Yes, Mrs. Gascodelle smiled and nodded at her visitor, still holding; her hands, and spoke : "Dear, dear mother, this is kind; how good you are to me, how little I deserve it." Tears rushed to the girl'B eyes as she heard. Could this bo reality ? she thought, or was Bhe suffering from some terrible nightmare ? She could answer nothing, but fondled the old hands, and continued to shed tears. " Don't you cry for me, mother," continued poor Mrs. Gaacodello, under the painful hallucination that she. was in the presence of her long-departed mother, and living her girlhood a second time. "Don't cry for mo. Gabriel Lopez can never be anything to mo; I can't love him, and why must I marry out of my faith 1" Then she suddenly wrenched her hands out of Salome's, and rose to pace the room, " What have I lost through you? Oh, Roland, Roland, and yet how I loved you I" She clasped her hands together, as if in entreaty, and, after a pause, turned sharply to her terror-Btrickon companion : " Why did you not tell mo all this before ? Now it is too late." Salome, with her tongue cleaving to the roof of her month, sat listen ing in dumb, blank despair. She felt that she was prying into the sealed past of this demented creature in lending her ear to these ravings which lot in a dim light on lior youth and sorrows. "Why must I marry Gabriol? to save misery, eh?" Hero she laughed, a weird, ghostly laugh. "Never mind, mothor, Arnold is here and Salomo1'—Salome started—"what I have neglected thoy shall repair. Yes, they shall I thoy shall 1 Do you hear?" Hero followed incoherent muttorings as she still paced the room, until, thoroughly exhausted, she returned to hor chair, and cried : " Oh ! God, 1 am woary, weary of my life—of the curse of my life 1" And so she closed hor eyo3 and dozed again. Salomo breathed easier, but the painful stillnoss of the house and the slowly dragging hours boforo the doctor could possibly arrive from such a lengthy distance as Edwardino made hor pray for somo com panionship. It brought hor wonderful reliof when she heard footsteps approach ing, and 'i'royeot and the doctor entered tho room together. Dr. Greyvillo shook his head ominously ovor tho pationt, and pro nounced tho case to be a serious one. Troycot had already acquainted liini with tho symptoms. " She should havo had advico months ago," ho said. " I foar it is rather lato for me to be i f any service, Miss Lewis, but I will do what I can, and shall prescribe something to ensure her a bettor night than usual, and I Bhould suggest a coustant attendant to administer medicines regularly, according to directions, and to seo that she takes plenty of nourishment, and to watch her during tho night. Has shono relations ?" " She has a grandson," answered Salome, "but bo is not hore." "Well, it is right he should know of hor condition. You had better send for him." Salome thought that was casior said than done, but made no remark. When the doctor was gone she felt more determined than over about passing the night with her old friond to nurse hor. And when the night caine she knew what a weary, arduous task she had undertaken. Troycot sat up with her as far as remaining out of •bed and wearing day clothes meant, and that was all, for the faithful ■woman had suffered many sleepless nights with her mistress, and now that Salome shared her burden her responsibility was less and her •anxiety so light tha', against her will, her head fell forward on her breast and she slept heavily, sitting upright in her chair, with her deep and sonorous breathing eerving to act as an irritant on Salome's over fltrung nerves. Mis. Gascodelle still appealed to Salome as her mother in fond affection, as she had during the day, between her fitful sleep, and occasionally raved mysteriously and passionately abom her past. She never once recognised the existing relations between them. Towards the break of day, however, a soporific prescribed by Dr. Greyville began to havo the desired effect, and gradually she sank into the most refresh ing slumber she had known for weeks. When the morning dawned, Mrs. Lewis, unable to sleep, thinking of her daughter's heavy and self-imposed duty, rose and buiried to Lakedale to give that x'elief which she knew would bo so acceptable. Salome hailed her mother's presence with a g'ad cry of welcome. Oh 1 the horrors < f the past night were beyond description ; that sick chamber had been peonled with ghosts and white-robed spirits weep ing and howling over the patient, who shrank from them; and then met them defiantly, and then wept out her sorrows on the bosom of her terrified nurse. "Is my hair white, mamma ?" asked Salome, forcing a smile. "No, dear, but your face is. You must go home and get to bed. You havo had a trying ordeal. I will remain here all day and night." " I must endeavour to find Arnold's whereabouts b-foro I can rest easily. How shall I, mamma 1' Salome wont on to say, having given all particulars of tlio doctor's visit. Mrs. Lewis suggested consulting fheir friends the SimeonB when a bright idea came to Salome. " Oh ! how stupid of mo not to think of that before, I will wire to Phillip. Mamma, it's no wonder I am stupid, my brain feels like .lead." " Go homo, Sa'omo, or o'se you will be thrown on a sick bed, then ■what should I do ?" Salome was glad to get homo, and when she was Bleeping, and had for the nonce imbibed the waters of Lethe, which the genial Somnes so often provides, Phillip was aroused by an urgent message to do her , bidding. Thus ran the telegram : " if Arnold Gascodelle is to be found in Edwardino send him to Lakedale. Grandmother dying. " Salome Lewis." (7o be continued.) 