BY THE REV. DR. EDERSHEIM. Of the various questions debated in church history, scaroely one has been disoussed with more partisan beenneas, or ondeA io more de cidedly nn«atisfsotory results, then that con cerning the origin of our present Christmas date, pertain bote connected, with it ore, o> course, universally admitted. We all know what is tho meaning of Ohristmss; and, similarly, that" at first the festival was cele brated in the Bait at a different from the pre sent date, the latter being Introduced fiom the West into the East, in the second half of the fourth century. Bat there our agreement ends. Why the ohange of the date was made, does not appear {ram (lie writing* of that period, and has never since been satisfactorily settle^. Coming from the West, the suggestion fay near, that it originated in a desire to utilise for the most solemn Christian purposes a series of Pagan festivals, which took plate in the month of Deoember. Bnt the latest, most learned, nod most philosophical of chnroh historians, Neander, lias, after seemingly adopt ing this view, shown its inherent improbability. Not to speak of the incongrnonsness of adapt ing, say, the Saturnalia to a feast of the Nativity of Christ, not a trace of each a tog. gestion can be fonnd even in those writings of sectaries whtoh controvert kindred points in ehorch pnctioe. Besides, ai Neander remarks, "the prevailing mode of procedure in the Western Church was by no means to connect the celebration of Christian festivals with Pagan, but rather to set over against the Pagan festivals days of lasting and penitenoe." And so the historian; ooneludes by giving up as hopeless the search for- the outwatd oanses which lead to the change of the dale and tike adoption of ihe 2fith December.' The admission invites end encourages fresh investigation, We propose, therefore, to reconsider the argu ments first propounded bjr Dr. Castel, of Ger many, who ponneota Christmas with the Jew ish festivity of the Dedication of the Temple. And evon if the reader should not be prepared to adopt his conclusions, we may offer them aa a new contribution towards the aolntion of this question, and as ono possessing, at any rate, the merit of differing from all those commonly suggested. At the outset, let us be clearly understood. It may be almost needless, and yet from another point of view it seems necessary, to say that our object is neither apologetic nor con troversial, It does not fall within its range to plead either for or against the religious observ ance of Chritttnss. We asittmgithe latter as a fact, and simply account for itf ooourrenoe on the Kith December, and for the variouscustoms wbiob we see associated wllh tt. And in so doing we hope to meet the caee of all, what ever their special views. For, mostly Uie whole 6f Christendom is agreed in beariqgron that day a remembrance of the birth jgFour blessed Lord; end even they who from Con scientious soruples abstain from the religious obaervanoe, are not proof against the aocial cus toms, the good cheer, and the joyousness which the season brings. : Somehow the cuatoma are chiefly charac teristic of the Toijtopic rape. Tho itoman Catholic Chnrch delebrates the season with a Christmas Midnight Mass- the only time in the year when maas is celebrated at night. The Southern churches are plentifully bedi zened with tinsel, and in soine parte of Italy they introduce, besides the manger-cradle, a live ox and a donkey, partly to eympoliso the supposed scene in Bethlehem, while a gro tesque imitation of shepherds completes the representation. But the Christmas joy and theOhristmoE presents are transferred to New Tear's Day. ft is qpt po atnonfg the Teutonio races. With them Christmas loy has, so to speak, became indicenoas-it is not Imported. Even our countrymen who sojourn in other lands can only long for an Koglish Christmas. [a Eggfapd or in Germany all eceui in aooord np«e-.-tuo ppuntry, the season, the surround ings, When (ue white covering of annw lies deep on field and roac], the pi erfy tipklp of the sledge-bells is heard, where a sparser popula tion has not yet secured the advantages of modern progress. Among ourselves the snort ing of the great iron horse, as it slowly drags up its heavy Christmas load, performs the same service. So far aa at all practicable, tho long-broken ranks will noiv bo serried again, Christmas-Why do we keep, it on the 25th December. and the long-severed members of families gathered onoe more around the Christmas board. With a sort of joyous sound the Christmas bells bare clashed it out together, as if their very ringing were to carry the glad someness of Christmas tidings far into the winter scene. It is all dead around; hut within it iB warm and cheery. The Yule-log burns on Ibe hearth, and tile prickly holly and the evergreen dccorate the home. In Germany, already the eve before, the children have hnng up their stockings on their beds, that night when they He aBleep "Sanct* Claua" (St. Nicholas) may come with noiseless footsteps and leave the unknown gift. Quite in the North the same object of a sudden gift, the band of the giver being nntraced, is served by tbe so-called Yule-klapp. A knock at the door (a klapp at Yule), and some hand unknown flings in the gift. This is specially for children and the poor-for they are tbe fittest recipients of Christmas gifts. Then we have the Christmas board with its plentiful I spread, Even such an ascetio as 8t. Francis , of Aesissi would say, ?' I wish it were possi ble that the very walls could eat meat." Scanderberg would not hurt even a Turk on that day. Tbeodoric the Great wished the poor, tbe siok, and the sorrowing attended to, while the warrior Emperor Charlemagne ordered indulgence to be extended to his captives. Then in the evening the Christmas tree is brilliantly lit up, and bung with gilded apples, and around it the Christmas gifts are spread for youug and old. There are some who imagine that this Christinas tree is, ao to speak, characteristically Protestant, and the manger-representation Popish. It .is not so. These customs are neither Popish nor Protestant. The Christmas tree, with its golden apples, is muoh older" than the Reformation, and indeed wasobjeoted to by some of tbe Reformers. And so far from the cradle-manager being exclusively Popish, till within the last fifty years they were wont in the good old University town of Tubingen to put up a cradle between lighted candles on tbe top of the high eharch steeple every Christinas night At twelve o'clock, and to rock it for an hour, while the choir below sang the "Oloria in Ercelsis." But if these custom; are neither Popish nor Protestant, far less are they beathen, be It Teutonic, Eastern or Boman. I do not know what amount of assent the atatement will obtain, but tbe object of thiB paper is to bring before _ the reader some arguments in support of the views advanced by Dr. Cassel, that Christmas with its date carries us Inok not to any heathen but to a Jewish festivity, and that its customs are significantly in aacordance therewith. To speak plainly, Christmas on this showing is the Christian counterpart of an old Jewish Temple festival, and though its oostons are, in their form necessarily the outcome of our habits, views, and even of our climate, yet they are quite in agreement with the spirit of the festival itself. * * Christmas, as we all know, is the festival of the nativity of our blessed Lord-of His ap pearance in the flesh. But Scripture says nothing as to its precise date, and the circum stance of shepherds tending (heir flocks all night in tbe plains of Bethlehem, though cer tainly not decisive, speaks nther against than for its occurrence on the night of thp 26th December. Even tradition, usually so loqua cious, is silent on this occasion. In point of fact, wo know (bat in the early church Christ mas day was observed, not on tbe 25th De cember, but on the 6lh of January, our present Epiphany. Indeed, tbe Bpipbany, or "ap pearing" of our blessed Lord (Tit, ii. 11; iii. 4) was regarded as referring to the day of Christ's birtli. This custom of keeping the Epiphany originated in the eastern branoli ot the church where it had been introduced by" Jewish Christians. The symbolieal reason forVxing on the 6lh of January as the day of Chriil's birth is very clear, and distinctly -mentioned in early writings. Tbe first Adam lisd bsen created on b Friday, that is, on the eixth day of the first year j and the second Adam, the Lord Jems, had suffered-on a Friday, the eixth day of the week. It would therefore naturally suggest itself, that es the first Adam had appeared on tbe ilxtli day of the new year, w the socond Adam also, wlio liad died, On tbe eixth day, should have " appeared" on the sixth day of a new year, that is, on the 6th of January. Ac cordingly, eucieut Christian calendars, even in the fourth century, mention Friday as alike the day of the new day of our Lord's birth and his death. Oriegeu was the first to connect tbe "appearing" of Christ rather with His baptism than withjlis birth. But this was violently controverted by some, as tending to foster the herelioal opinion that only at his baptism bad the Divine Personality joined itself to the human nature of Jesus.' nevertheless the view oontinued to be held, though it gradually went into the background in favour of another opinion, that the " Epiphany" meant his first appearing to tbe Qenlilos, and referred to the adoration of the Magi. Still later, the date was also regarded as that of tbe first" appear ing" of His miraculous power at Gana in Gali lee (John ii. 11), end (for some unknown reason) as that also of Hit miraculous feeding of the multitude. About the same time that the observance of Epipbanj in its new signification as the day of the adoration of the Magi, es Christ's baptis mal day, and as tlio Epiphany of His miracles, passed from the Eastern into the Western branch of the church, tbe obrerrauce of Christ mas as a separate festival on the 26th December spread from the West into the East. Iu his Christmas Homily, delivered at Anliocli on the, 26th December, 38G, St. Chrysostom distinctly ' says that this observance, whioli had bsen long kept all throughout the West "fromThracia to Cadiz," lind only been introduced in the East ten years previously, but had already been universally edoptod. The only exception was that of the Armenian Church, which continued ?, the observance of the fith January as tbe birth day of Jesus, St. Chrysostom further insists that the Christmas festival of the 26tb Decem ber rested on a very ancient tradition. With this statement so far agree the word s of tbe so called " Apostolical Constitutions," the first seven books of which belong, by universal con sent, to a period prior to the Council of Hioe, say, the end of the third cehtury: " Brethren, observe the festival days; and first of all the birthday which you nro to celebrate on the 26th of the ninth month-" (Rook V., sect, iii., 13). ; Which was meact by the ninth month wo can have no difficulty in deciding. Reckoning after the Jewish and Roman Calendar no find that "Nisan," the first Jewish inonlk, corresponded to April, and hence tlio ninth monthDe cember. We hovo now verified this additional his torical fact, that Christmas was hcnceforth c elebrated on the 26th day of the ninth month in the Jewish Calendar, which corresponded to December. But why is this special date fited Upon t The objection to t'\e former dole, and to the' Epiphany? wis, I hot it represented the " appearing" of Christ in the sense of his mani festation, rather than of His human birth* But tile main object of Christmas was to ox hibit that the Son of God had taken to Himsolf f true body. What was there in tlie old econ omy which lion eymbfilisod the body qf Christ ? Undoubtodlv a most notable symbol of it ex isted, and our Lord Himself had indicated it in expross language. " Destroy this Temple," said Jesus unto the Jews, "and in three days 1 will raise it up." " But he spake of the Tcmplo of His Body." And a most siguiflcanl emblem it wns, For as in the Temple all sacriSoes were offered and reconciliation was made, and through it alono access could be had unto the father, go it is to us in and through tbe body of Christ, in and through His taking unto Himself our human nature, that ire can approach God, and offer unto Him acceptable sacrifice. Accordingly, it was in this sense also most significant, that when He yielded up the ghost, the Temple-veil " wis rent in twain from the top to the bottom." (Matt, xxvii. 51), and that even the bodies of Christians are de signated by tbe apostle as " the temple of Ood" (lCnr. iii. 17, 17; vi. 19; 2 Cor. vi. 16). But if the body with which the divinity of CkriBt xvas united was like "the Temple," then the birth of Jesus Christ was like a Dedication of the Temple, and Christmas day the feast of tbe true Dedication of tbe Temple. We have now two things to guide us further, the dato of the festival of the Dedication of the Temple, and even the name, at recording ancient traditions. We begin with the latter, as the simplest of the two. One English word "Christmas," or Christ's mass, gives us no clue; neither does the French "Noel" and its cognate terms in Italian and Spanish, which are fliinplv a contraction of dies natalis, "the birthday,*' It is otherwise with the German Weihnacbten, which, without tracing it up through the ancient high Dutch, takes you straight to tbe meaning: " Night of the Dedication." Now as for this Dedication of the Temple, we knnw that onr blessed Lord was at Jerusalem at "the feast of the dedication, and it was wiuter. And Jesus walked iu the Tomple in Solomon's porch" (John x. 22, 23). It is very remarkable, that on that very occasion Christ for the first time told them " plainly" that His human natare was the Temple of the Divine, and tinaliy in His own words, "that tbe Father is in Me, and I in Him" (v. 38). Indeed, this "lesson," spoken by the Lord on Christmas Day, in tho Temple, ought to form part of onr Christmas reading. But to continue. We further know as a historical fact, that the feast of the Dedication of the Temple (Chauukan), or "of oandles." in remembrance of the restoration of the Temple, after the viotory gained by Judas Manoabsaus in 148 B.C. over tbe Syrians, took place on the twenty fifth of the ninth month, even from tbe day that tbe foundation of the Lord's temple was laid, consider it . . . From this day I bless you," Alike the name, then (Weibnaehtcn), as perpetuating a very ancient tradition) the date of the corres ponding Temple-festival, as fixed in propbeoy and iu history i lint above all, the meaning and import of the Incarnation of Christ- His taking unto Himself a true body-all point to one conclusion, We have thus stated the ground on which argument rests that Christmas Day was celebrated on the 25th December, beoause it I was the fulfilment of what hadtieen symbolised in the feast of the Dedioation of the Temple, which took place on tbe 26th of the ninth month, corresponding to our December. It is not necessary for our present purpose to maintain that this reference was understood even in the latter half of the fuurth century, when the Christmas observance of the 25th Deoember became general. Suffice it that already at that time it rested " on a very ancient tradition." The tradition may have been known, ovea while its organ had been forgotten. And yet it is singular how our Christmas customs are ro thoroughly in ac cordance with it. Those tall, straight fir-trees with their brauohee stretohed out like arms, are like tbe candlestick in tho Temple, and as among Israel during that feast every name was lighted up, so the Christmas trees also are lighted to symbolise the same truth of light shining ont into the darkness. Tbe " gilded apples" with whioh they are hung were intended to convey a kindred meaning. According to Christian legend, the fruit ot the tree winch hid caused our parents' fall whs of tbe apple kind,(malum a malo). But now the apple- ts citdpd, and it bangs on the .Christmas tree, which is lit up in joy for thp Dedication of the truo Temple, which is the body of the second Adam. As for tbe superstitions practice of introducing the manger-cradle, we cannot find too strong words tojoondemn its silliness and profanity. But it is a curious illustration alike of bow, in the providenoe of Ood, whatever is false avenges itself, and of the origin of superstition that the practice of plaoing an ox and ass by the side of the manger-cradle arose from a false translation of Hab. iii, 2t "Revive thy work in tbe midst of tbe years." The Sep tuaeint renders it, .' in the midst of two beasts shall ho be known," and tbieT, with a further reference to Isaiah i. 3, led to tbe custom which now su shooks our seuse of reverence! But to us all, whatever our special views or conclusions may be, Christ is the true Temple, aud His Inoarnation the real Dedioation of the Temple. 0-od grant* that from our homes the true Light of Christ, .' a light to lighten the Gentiles," may shine forth into the wintry darkness of the heathen world, and also " so shine before men, that they may see our good works, and jglorify our Father which is in heaven." 