MISCELLANEOUS The new ball of the Terowie Institute was opened on Thursday last. In Victoria & powder factory has been totally destroyed by an explosion. Destitution at Hindmarsh is on the in crease, and the families served one day last ?week with bread and soup numbered 102. Onr late Deputy Engineer-in-Ohief (Mr. R. Patterson'* has got contracts for making two railway lines in Queensland. The Government is to be asked by the projectors of the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibi tion for a subsidy of £30,000. A man named Layard has been acci dentally killed while working at the Peters burg reservoir. One hundred thousand pounds has been spent in beautifying the Adelaide Park Lands. Various batches of horse-stealers have been lynched in North- West Texas. In all 18 men have been subjected to this fate. The Kapunda Marble Company has dis charged most of its hands. The act is due to the dispute with the Government for Work done at the new Parliament Houses. The Italian Bees Bill wae introduced into the Assembly on Thursday and read a first time. The second reading is fixed for to morrow. A new toast is succeeding at home the old one of ' The Army and Navy.' It is ' The Naval, Military, Auxiliary, and Colonial Forces.' A telegram in the dailies from New Zealand states that the Wellington Exhibi tion is likely to prove a financial failure. The attendance eo far has been very meagre. The annual report of the Savings Bank of South Australia shows that the amount to depositors' credit on June 30, interest included, was £1,571,263, being an increase for the 13 months of £137.773. Professor Nicole, of Lausanne, in a letter to the Neue Freie Prtsse, states that he has discovered a valuable Madonna with child in her arms. The painting is signed by Raphael. It is on wood, and is dated 1510. An American paper writes: — 'Two feeggara in St. Louis have recently dissolved partnership, and have gone to law over the capital, amounting to eome $10,000! j-iucky beggars ! The quantity of land sold by and leased from the Victorian Government in the dis puted territory between South Australia and Victoria is 159,953 acres. The area sold is 22,677 acres, and the area leased 137,246 acres. A Tery laTge band of -wolves made its appearance at Gark, in Cariutbia, a few ?days ago, and wrought such havoc among the flocks that the authorities had to sum mon all the men of the district to the 4attue. A company has been formed, with a ?capital of £10,000, for the purpose of es tablishing: in London an Indian Native Village Exhibition and Bazaar after the model of the Japanese Village, and thus affording- the English nubile a fuller know ledge of the industries and amusements of the natives of India. From a return just issued it appears (hat in Paris there are 4,000 gambling houses, and 3,000 professional gamblers are re gistered at the Prefecture of Police ; but be besides these there are more than 12,000 shady characters who have not yet reached the dignity of ' professional gamblers.' Angular writing is sow the thing among Chicago ladle*. No oae is admitted into what Chicago calls good society unless she can write a tall, early English, antediluvian, pointed Gothic hand that it takes a couple persons to read. As many Chicago people cannot write at all, a woman on Wabash Avenue makes a good liviug writing angular- haud letters for Chicago's best people. Commenting on the recent case of alleged felony at Leasingham the Register says : — ' Tiie theft was evideuily committed more by way of a joke than anything else, but an set of larrikinisni was established against the accused which ought to have brought down upon them some punish ment.' The other day Mr. and Mrs. Ross were holding a religious meeting at the Sema phore. After the service the inevitable collection was taken up, not in the hat, but in an umbrella, handed round by Mrs. Ross. Mr. John Giblin gave a donation in the shape of a dog, which fell ' flop' into the receptacle for money, giving the lady a great fright. John was sent up for seven days to cogitate over his daring act. If none but the brave deserve the fair, then most certainly does the Reverend H. Jones, of Dorchester, England, deserve the fairest nf all fair hririps tn fall tn his fortune. for at the good old age of 82 he is about to take unto himself a wife for the first time ; and, not content with this, astonished his parishioners exceedingly by publishing bis own banns without a falter, or so much as the ghost of a smile upon his countenance. When the weather is wet there is no compulsion to do nothing. Bags to mend, harness to be cleaned, tidying up the sheds, barns, and stables; whitewashing, and a whole host of matters can be attended to, but upon which it would be almost a pity to devote fine-weather hours. When it is raining is a good time to notice where the water comes through the roof, and where gutters should bo cut. — Garden and Field. It appears that Victor Hugo was not so enormously wealthy. He had £150,000 when he died. But this is more than most of our great men leave. Lord Tennyson may prove to have been richer than his brethren ; but Thackeray had only £20,000, and Charles Dickens himself, with all the money of his two American reading tours, left only £100,000. Hugo beats his Eng lish compeers, therefore ; though even he, who will live for ever, made less than a lucky speculator. Thas an American paper: — ' While we are forming societies for every sort of es pionage, says ' Gath,' it becomes a question whether some humane society cannot be formed to break up black- mailing, which has become the highest capitalised of modern crimes. Black- mailing, in its different forms, ranges all through society, with men and women enrolled in its forces. The ease with which the American people become acquainted gives the black-mailer every chance.' Rents in England still continue to fall at a rate which must be eminently alarming to the landlord. The Duke of Richmond has reduced his rents 10 per cent, all round for fiv« year3 ; Lord Roseberry again makes a remission of 15 per cent, to his Bucking ham tenants; Mr. Forbes, of Cal lender, remits 15 per cent.; Mr. Anderson, of Shaws, Selkirk, 30 per cent.; and Lord Lovat intimates to some tenants a reduction of 10 percent, and to others SO per cent. A contemporary savs that thev have a cold-blooded way of doing things in New Zealand that is rather calculated to upset the sensitive nerves of susceptible folk. For example, at a recent steeplechase meeting of the racing club at one of the principal towns, arrangements were made with the local ambulance corps, who were present on the racecourse with half a dozen stretchers, a case of surgical instruments, and all the gruesome paraphernalia of their vocation. The steeplechasers evidently meant busi ness. 'A curious discovery,' says the Tom worth (N.S.W.) News, 'was made the other day in the strong-room of the Com mercial Bank. As Mr. Robey, the manager, was going through the etrong-room he came across a human skull. Information was at once sent to the police authorities, and In spector Creaghe went to have a look at it. He, however, came to the conclusion that it was simply that of an aborigine or of some criminal that had been kept as a curiosity by 6ome one, and probably placed in the strong-room as a place of security.' Some attention has again been attracted to the Boolkamatta Ranges, in South Australian territory, 75 miles west of Silverton, by the reported discovery of promising argentiferous ore. The formation is of a mineral- bearing character, and it i6 stated that assays to 28 oz. of silver have been obtained from samples of surface iron stone taken from a strong outcrop on Oulnina run. Eight blocks have been ap plied for, and as the laws of South Australia are favorable to the easy and inexpensive occupation ot mineral lands, it is probable others will be secured, on the spec, of the ore proving better at a depth. — Silver Age. Thus an English paper : — A recent case, that revealed how a little boy was seriously injured by a bullet that was lodged in his ribs by another youngster who was practising with a pistol, reminds us of the narrow escape our Queen had when she was a baby in arms. A precocious lad, who was out for a holiday, was shooting at small fowl near the Duke of Kent's resi dence at Sidmouth, when a wide shot came through the nursery window and fell only a little short of the Royal baby's head. This happened when her Majesty was just seven months old. The Rev. J, G. Wood in the AHanttc Monthly gives us an account of, amongst other curiosities, an elastic-skinned man who could pull his nose until it was seven or eight inches at length. What a splendid Parliament man this elastic- skinned man would make. A man like that could call another fellow a liar and enjoy the con sequences. A man with a nose like that would, say, call a man a liar. The man attempts to pull bis nose. To his horror the thing shoots out seven or eiffht inches, and the puller feels as a man does who is going down stairs in the dark and miscounts tbe stairs. — Punch. At Nyngan the other day (says the Duhho DispatcJi) an industrious youth named Paul Bailey was charged with un lawfully gambling, and sentenced to six months in Dnbbo gaol. He had been teaching the unwashed the beauties of a game called ' under and over,' and when arrested tbe following collection was found in his possession : — 23 dice called straight ones, and 10 false dice, 1 dice has, 2 bundles savrs, J dozen each, used for split ting coins, 2 Jrips for throwing coins, 1 doubled- headed two-shilling- piece, 1 shil ling with double head, and 1 with two tails, 1 penny with two tails, 1 dished penny, a false beard for the purpose of dis guise, and a memorandum of work to he done in preparing gambling implements. Some commotion was caused at the Royal Hotel, Terowie, on Wednesday forenoon, through a case containing sulphuric acid, which was consigned to the Barrier Ranges, taking fire, it appears that two of the bottles of acid were broken, and the fire ori ginated spontaneously. The case was lying in Hill & Co.'s office at the Royal Hotel, and Mr. Sanders, the manager, on entering found the office full of smoke. Assistance being at hand the case was removed out side and opened, when the fire was soon ex tinguished. As tbe contents were not known at first considerable alarm was felt in handling it. Some suggested that it might be an infernal machine specially ar ranged to blow up the Royal and its genial landlord. Others suggested dynamite, gun powder, and other reassuring compounds. It was fortunate that the combustion was discovered so soon, or the result might have been serious. — Enterprise. Few phenomena could have been more puzzling to the ancients than that curious waltz of the planets now being repeated in the evening sky — actors being Jupiter, Venus, and Mercury. Jupiter has been' a conspicuous object for many months, the other are, in a sense, new arrivals. Venus was in superior conjunction with the sun on May 4, that is, she was on the other side of the sun, exactly opposite the earth. She became an evening star in June, though not well seen till July. Mercury was in superior conjunction with the sun on June 27. On July 17, Mercury had come up with Venus and they were in conjunction, or on the same meridian. Mercury passed on and was in conjunction with Regulus last Sunday morning. Between August 4 .and 5 he will be in conjunction with Jupiter. Mercury will leach its greatest elongation east on August 19, and will begin to move (apparently) to the west the following day. Venus and Jupiter will be in conjunction on August 6, Venus just a little to the north. On August 8 Venus and Mercury will be again in conjunction, and on tbe 27th Mercury and Jupiter will be once more in conjunction. These are extremely interesting phenomena. — Liberator. The progress of the works of Herr Krupp at Essen may be said to be one of the marvels of modern industry. The most re cent and authentic data show that in 1860 the total number of workmen employed by Herr Krupp was 1,764. In 1870 they had increased to 7,084. At the present time (1885) the total number employed in all the establishments of Herr Krupp exceeds 20,000. If we add the wives and children dependent upon the workmen, the total num ber of persons supported by the Krupp works are not less than 65,381. Oft his number fully 29,000 dwell in cottages built by Herr Krupp, and belong to big works. There are eight separate and distinct departments be longing to this enormous concern. In the first place, we have the vast extent of work shops at Essen; secondly, three coal mines at Essen and Bocfaum ; thirdly, no fewer than 547 iron-ore mines in various parts of Germany : fourthly, several iron mines near Bilbao, in Spain ; fifthly, an extensive series of smelting furnaces; and sixthly, tbe ranges at Meppen, for the testing of the Krupp suds. Besides the 11 smelting fur naces there are 1,542 puddling and heating furnaces. The number of steam- boilers em ployed on Herr Krupp's works is 439, and the total horse-power of the 450 steam engines in use is 185,000. There are 37 miles of railway in the works, on which the traffic is performed by 88 locomotive en gines, and a park of 893 luggage-waggons. There are no fewer than 35 telegraph stations, with 40 miles of telegraph-wire and 55 Morse apparatus in operation on the works. — Builder. An English paper hits off the following : — A grave diplomatic difficulty has been averted. What might have shaken the British and Austrian Empires to their very centres by its serious character has been satisfactorily settled without either war or arbitration. It was all through a dog, and a very small dog, too. Austrian laws, it ap pears, are severe in their dealings with the canine race, and dog watchers are employed throughout Vienna to catch and muzzle stray animals. Our Ambassador in Vienna is partial to dogs, and went out driving the other day with two, one a dachshund, the other a puppy. Sir Augustus and Lady Paget noticed that the carriage was being followed by two men, but were at a loss to divine the reason. Upon crossing the Rudolph's Bridge, they alighted, and led the dachshund by a chain, but allowed the puppy to run about. At this juncture one of the men who had run after tbe carriage, immediately pounced upon the dog; but Lady Paget was too quick for him and took it up in her arms, and refused to part with it. A policeman next appeared on the scene and took the side of bis confrere in spite of tbe expostulations of Sir Augustus, a good deal of incivility being launched at our Ambassador and his wife, notwithstand ing that he gave the enraged and thwarted officials his name. In tbe end he was per mitted to drive away with his dogs, very naturally indignant at the indiscreet zeal of Viennese officials, about whom he com plained in a letter which he addressed to Count Kalnoliy. Satisfactorily enough, the affair terminated in an elaborate apology that has wiped out the insult which has offered to the whole English nation in the person of a very small puppy. Under the heading ' What is a Missile' an English paper of July 5 reports the fol lowing case : — A young laborer was charged with throwing a ' missile,' to the common danger of foot-passengers. A sergeant of police said at half-past 11 o'clock on Sun day morning he was accompanying the Salvation Army during their march through Berwick street, when, on arriving at tbe junction with Peter street, a cabbage or a lettuce as large as bis fist came flying over the procession, but did not hit anybody. He saw the prisoner drop his hand at the time, but did not see him throw anything. Mr. Abrahams (to tbe sergeant) : Are you a member of the Salvation Army? The sergeant : Oh dear, no. Mr. Abrahams : Are constables detailed to follow the Army? The sergeant: Yes; there were five or six of us on Sunday. Mr. Abrahams : I suppose you like to march by the eide of the ladies with the tambourines? The sergeant: We walk where we think it is desirable. James Thomas, of Nottingham street, a member of the Army, said he saw the accused throw a cabbage stump or a lettuce as they passed by. PoliceCon stables 124 and 378 C were also called to prove the throwing. Mr. Abrahams said it was all a mistake. The man had a per fect right to throw a cabbage, if he liked, supposing it did not endanger any one. He supposed that lie himself could pitch a stump across the street, if he chose to do so. Mr. Mansfield : Oh no, people must not throw cabbage stumps about the street ; it's against the law. Mr. Abrahams : Well, I cannot see what offence has been committed by the prisoner. Mr. Mansfield (to the accused) ; You are discharged. (Laughter.) 