THE BIBLE IN STATE SCHOOLS fir l i *'- LEAGUE;1' lI:; ' itaas ITS MIsalABLE FIAscos.. will B -: ' . -1'....... . ` ' - - able" -'The society or association known as The Bible in State Schools Leage' is' eidentily Et ,ion its last legs." .Its dissolution eannot lonabe delayed? and when' it is dead, andpr 11116 e 1 of m e g Way boned I'menure the' great majority of the M nolonists of Victoria will'join with' me 'in oying" StOEmscAT i Pace.', The :cis tence of the Legue .fas ao mis take, fran thoe commencement, its i m sion wassimply an impossibility. , The Leage had just as much chance of sno ceedingin destroying our glorious" Educa tionAct as Mrs. , Patington had of mo chara of the League might as well have armed atr themselves with: teasp ns, and arched in The prcession, to the great Australian Bight, celeb and by means of the teasponos attempted to Oe1 .eep out the billows of the mighty Sonthern and Ocean. The latest, and one of the most defel conclusive proofs that the League is "on and its last legs was the miserable fsco it- Wth nessed in the Fitzroy Town' Hall o ed nesday ieening, the 21st instant, whae one tme of the big uns of the association appeared ssI upon the platform to lecture upon The ofth Bible in State Schools,". and found himself moo face to face to something the very next to I" door. to "a beggarly array of empty aer benches." I eoby one of the local .paiers th that the lecturer e was .the Revr. tip Batter,'ard I think the name exceedingly FPPO approprianta i a certain sense, but not in coe' the sense that the' rev-. gehtleman' is any were thing approaching to a formidable' BATnR . e I--nA-tM.. .Upo.thc,.ciitrary, judging by ai11 the displayof his aunTasicxa'powers that 1 witnessed upon that occasion, I doubt r Svery inueh that he would be ever able to Iore BATTEn down even a baby home: I have desi1 Ssaid that the rev. 'gentleman had to face to s something the very 'nest 'door to "a tt beggarly array of empty benches.' There dect were THIRTY- SE-on persons in the body of e the hall-just itirty-seven members of the, the human family-not one more or one to less. Twenty-three of these appeared in 114 Spantaloons, and fourteen in petticoats. The cam number included two little boys and three Sep r little girls. And this was the audience as- sm sembled to hear the big gun-the great brat SsrTTERB l e RAM pounding at the Education reas Act. But the platform-what about the pcrf I platform ? Was not the lecturer well sup ported upon the platform ? Was not his a r worship the Mayor in the chair Were not e Sthe City Councillor there,, at least the the emajority of them? .Wero not the local. Pt' magistrates and the ex-councillors present n a 1 All these questions can be answered in. the d onegative. The mayor was conspicuous by of I his absence-and even the ghost of a city ofi Souncillor, or the shadowof a local Justice the f othe Peace was not to be seen. Four rei r gentlemen-no more, no less-occupied the con platform-the chairman, the lecturer, an abi elderly gentleman with a white waistcoat was at one end of the platform, and another the, elderly gentlemen of the same stamp, minus Chi Ii awhito waistcoat, at the opposite end, just has I. enough, and only enough to move, to. a c second, and to "put" the usual stereotyped Sh 'V "cordial vote of thanks to the lecturer." t e The chairman was undoubtedly aman of the- nt o right sort, one of the "goodiest" of, the sidi t " goody- goody-goody "'class. An unctuous, oily, stel ie self-elected saint, every inch of him. The wit a gentleman in the white waistcoat lookbed F r exactly like a well-to-do ilition of Gold- pa smith's Village Schoolmaster, "A man he c r Swas, severe and stern to. view." Although rea it not given to betting,. I would not mind not :h wagering a dozen of cigars that. the old me Id gentleman in question once filled the position d of a village pedagogue. The gentleman we a without the white waistcoat wa something Ce I less severe and stern, and a trifle more at is unctuous in appearance. It may seewm H strange, but it is nevertheless true, that no 81 person in the body of the hall appearedto to i know either the chairman or the mover and aal seconder of the " inevitable s vote of thanks. PI I asked the question, "Who is the gentle- cec maio'in'thte. chaoi." The, ans?r as, " I don't know him." I asked again, and ot c- the came answer. Like Miase Mehitable Ire Cartright in "' Ten Nightsin a Bar-room," H K I kept repeating, "I wonder what's his Gi Sname," but all to no purpose. It was the IIe same case with the two elderly gentlemen- rei NT nobody appeared to knwi either of them. u SThe lecturer comhenced, and for nearly two f a 'mortal hours he pounded away at the Edu l- 'cation Act, but the poundig was at h picaninny " pop-gun " practice, and nothing Lct more. The Bishop of Melbourne. lecture t ho in that same hall upon that same subject co h se some time ago. : His pounding was the ce wa pounding of a intellectual giant, but from be- V " ginning to end his lordship did not itter f Sone word caloulated to give offence to any '" one. Net so r. Batter. Several pas at Ies inn biaiecture, if it coul be called a f lectore, were in execrabl taste. For in wu stance, the Roman Catholics of the colony lea were held up to the admiration of the forty of listenera as "TThe Dogs in the Manger," al lIe who were preventing the good Protestant tt ets foals ani colts and fillies of the colony from the enjoying a good wholesome feed of hay." R IyThese are the iceuoti's exact words. I i o8, fullv expected that lie ould ascend to oarts esa and brau, lut no, he didn't go beyond HAT. ti To I confess I was wicked enough to wish from H out the bottom of my heart that soma one t Be_ amongst the thirty-seveiin would Sing out 9i Sandlay, "Give the calf a wisp of hay-to aL re- stop his mouth." .'The Rbman Catholics b to ere something, sorse tlan ""dogs in the mdy seanger." They were Bible burners. They 'el Icad a irNCiHANT for' .making bonfires of 'm- the Word of God. Bending his body into che a shape resembliug a boomerang. and twist ing his features iu a manner that would do c' credit to a first-class cotortionist, the rev. gentleman exclaimed., ".We all know they aee n?vE burned Bibles, before naw, nod no fht. doubt they would like to burn them again." 0 ai- I need scarcely say that this passage of the h lhas lecture swas delivered in a tone -of .voice :rd. that showed conclusively the amount of c eir Chrirtian -love"' entertained by the rev. ie- ge:ltlec,an for thii denomination in question. "fl;ove.one another as'I have loved ye." aysv the Divine Teacher of Christianity. "How' Christians do .love one another," aost eiclaimed the pagan philosopher of old. IOf, Sin- coursie'the'remarkwas,made in. irony, just J e sK' .as Jp'?%ts irenicallyr .exclaim, .'tHow. the I >igh Christians of. the Nineteenth Century,ad n i seak. above all, h6w the Christian ministers of r to the NinetecntliCi?htury' do. love one I iers. another." Readers' of- the " City Press." and if you want to find Christian love, and lude Christian charity and Christian toleratibn- i hose look for them in some other planet, above I rfu al alllobk' for thlmý virtues somewhere 'else C is than aimongst a body of. Christian minister cope of the.Gospel, " Dogs in the Manger,', and ir J. bridri'f biblas. What trbsh to take the the pae of logil and'arguinnt, what stuff to carts be digniied with the name : of "an able.' ever instructive, and interesting leeture." .0tlod1 ;hese there be a more convincing piouf tlhat th.i ture Bible in State Schbols League' is "o'ite thelast 'legs."' A Ptillniorei. mncraLle 'iaaeco per-was witnessed in the Richmond Town' Hall on Tuesday evening the27th' instant,' when " another of the big guns of the league' held forth on the same subject. 'Every effort ei' was made to ensure 'a gsod attcudaaoen ' 'nese sith the ?AndsIc'c?Er result that the big 'pre' in had to face an' audience composed 'of TWENTYI sxixs members of the human family \--not reckoning a member of' the' fourth estate;' who was there in-a prfesaional cap acity. 'T'uartt SEoVE in Fitznoy;, vcBr " Psoi IN in m'Richm dnd; what nexti Well puoaibly a still more ridiculous and laughter ri provokiiig'fiasco-perhapn' TNc in the hall t ae nudm n thel platform. " Gentlemeon, and -n '' m peelally ltovorcn d gentlemensol the Bible in State Schools League, don the mak ama- ing lacghiug stoeks of yourselvea anylongera c'. ' throw .up the' sponge"'anid acknowledge -hint you have been ignominously defeated keep in your war. against the educartion. 'n; ad 38 What'ii"tl-e' ue of giving 'dying kinks" with aail ' auowinc ydii- teeth, when' you can't le. bite, 'you will never be able even to shake \- inuch ees' dstrloy our'grand education acii far that is what yoa want. to do, disguise it as you may. I thanGd that gand act is iperfectly soae. Its 'grand Rrinciples, "Secular-rIree and :coimpalBory h. aind will remain, as 'fixed, firm,- and -unaltr able'" as the laws of tho Medes and Persians. Yes gentlemen, the event has. poved .that you mightjit'a'vell have been'deliveong. lecture to'-"the than in'the'mo;b " and preaching sermons to the stars inthe Milky " Way-poor dying league.'.- BEOw ?aAT I'NI. PACE .... . . .. - - 