— — ' j The Autumn Handicaps. ! By Newmarket. Last week I entered upon a review of the 5 Newmarket Handicap. and Australian Cup,! but pressure of space oompeUed the holding ! over of the analysis of the band oat s 1 until this week. In New Zealand Weloome Jack has been qud-e a Triton emong tkp minnowB. Oa the first of the present month he started weH by carrying 9st 101b to victory in the Auckland Publicans' Pores, one mile, with 9st 91b How the Maorilander will shape with the cream of the colooies over six furlongs remains to be seen. For my own parti how ever, I should like to see him better aoflUma- tiBed before regarding him as a likely winner. I don't know what Conlston has done to merit 9st 31b, nor is Hurricane fairly need when oalled upon to carry 9 it in sqoh company. Archie, however, at lib less, is not badly placed, and his fourth in the Anniversary Handicap will show that he is returning to something like his old form. Mozart won the Bookmakers' Purse eo easily that his party oan't complain at 8st 13lb being allotted to the ' tight little islander." I have no fanoy for Ohuokster, Irralee, or Garfield, and Warwick, I fancy, will be reserved for the Australian Gup. Boolka, however, ought to be quite a master of 8st 10lb ; and if his late accident has not interfered with his preparation, ho should run weli forward. Estimating Soldier Boy on his Bouike Handicap victory, he is not badly in at 8st 91b. Ned of the Hills is possessed of a rare dash of foot, and should hold Sir Garnet quite safe. Despite Countryman s reputed fleetness, Royal Irishman, at the same weight, should hold his stable companion quite Sife. I don't incline to feheohanoesof Blink Bonny or Yitely ; nor does Pro metheus at 8dt 51b appear to be prepossessing. I hear favourable reports of Ciaingsby, but I should think that Dick Hatter&ick; will turn out to be quite his master at level weights. Further down the list Middlemarch at 8st 41b reads like a winning chance. As a two year-old, he carried 8st 91b, and won the Fiemingcoa Stakes, five furlongs, in Imin. 3|seo., and, though he failed to uphull bis reputation as a three-year-old. hia reoent victories as uauraeia ana f ieanngEQa saow that he has not lost any of that spj,ed wnich characterised him as a youngster. I fail to sec what Duenna has done to entitle her to 8st 31b, and the persistent manner the weight is ruthlessly piled on the slend:r daughter of Lecturer would lead to tne inference that ths baodicapper is determined, as far as he is concerned, that she shall not win a race. If Duenna were owned by the greatest blackleg on the turf, instead of one of the etsuncbest supporters of racing in Victoria, some justification might be advanced for keapiug the little g ey mare well up in the middle division. She has always been well ridden out in all hex races, and though she was twiae successful at Gaulfieid, neither performance was of a very high order. I'va no iaooy for Anglesey and Rocket in a race like the one uoder review, but both Topaz and The Ghost, at 8t and 7st 131b respectively, ought to play a prominent part at the finish. I hear good reports, too, of Meander ; and both King's Own and Napier, at the same weight, are well in ; but, at lib less, I infinitely prefer the chances of Claptrap, Mistake, aod Umberto. The firstm&med; horse ran third to Malua when bandioapped at 7at 9lb, and though his subsequent performances have pot been correspondingly good, I think that hi trainer will not regard it as a reflection oq his skill when I venture to state that the son nf Tim Wniffler and Talkative has not figured in his very best form in the few races be has run since last autumn. More than q year ago Mr. Cripps assured me that Mistake was trie fastest horse be had ever seen, and at 7-t 91b the eon of Dante and Stockdove should run a great race. Pailleroo aod Inrd Wilton are a dangerous pur, and Amelia Victoria seems to be a better filythaa trust people imagine. Bis Bis has alrsady gained her credentials for half a mile, which place her in the front rank among her colonial horses. She, however, has not as yet shown the same amount of brillisncy over, the extra two furlongs to justify one in selecting her ; chances above that of Salvo or Saramouobe, both of whom have displayed their capability of compassing six farlongs at a high rate of speed. Salvo has reoetitly changed bandsi and has gone into 1. Foalshada's stable at Brighton, which has another very dangerous candidate in Paganini, who is not at all badly used when called upon to carry 7st 4 b To go through the list seriatim , however, would occupy too much space, and, to sekct a dozen names to furnish the winner, I sbo-ild go for Malua, Archie, Soldier Boy, Dirk Hatteraick, Middlemarch, Topaz, The Ghost, Mistake, Claptrap, Alphabet, Xintippe Bohemian. The Australian Cup is in character quite another contest. Commotion, like Malua in the preceding event, heads the list with 10st 41b. I would not regard the old fellow by any means out of it if I were as rure that he would start, but it is more than probable that the popular old horse will ba reserved for the Champion Raoe. Without. bi t?rer, : at this juncture, going fully in a the proba bilities, I may venture to seleot War vick, Ringwood, Rufu-% Hilltop, and D jep R as a quintette likely to supply the wince. i 