JOHN NEEDHAM'S DOUBLE-" A Stoby Founded os Fact, BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of " Clytie," " Cruel London," " Three Becruits," &c;, CHAPTER I. hfcall5 a tragic case of felo de se. When John Needham's dead body was found on Hampstead Heath the reasons for his snicide were di'scusted and considered sufficient to account for his death, Having, however, regard to the fact that no complete explanation coold be ar- rived at as to the disposal ot tne vast sums ot money known to have been in his possession, it was retorted both in Ireland and America that the tody was not his, " but one procured to j>er- Eonate him, while he, during the excite ment of the supposed self-murder, effected his escape.'1 j he newspapers of the time (I have a file of them before me) were full of the tragic story, and a deceased journalist has included the histoiy of the case in a record of " The Commercial Crisis of 1857-S." 1 shall take the liberty of borrowing from his pages the facts of Mr Needham's rise and fall, supplying from my own note books the solu tion of the mystery with which the famous finan. cier's death has hitherto been surrounded. In re gard to the .theory suggested in Ireland and Amfrica, the "histonan siys, "Unless the wit nesses of the coroner's inquest were perjured, and" the coroner himself was in the conspiracy, iht: hypothesis is altogether impossible." The utity was sworn to by his servant, the medical tendent, and by the coroner himself, who . knew him wcl', for they were members of the Honse of Commons in the same Parliament, and sat together on the same side of the House. " There was also other independent testimony in this direction : and romantic as the idea of a spurious corp'C and a successful flight from cri minal prosecution and public disgrace may be, his tory records against it the sad, sober facts of sui cide, death and burial of one of the most remarkable and clever swindlers of his time." Up to the evening of his death it seems he main tained his high position, his coolne5s, and not a little of his apparent prosperity, except to a soli citor whose evidence was reluctantly given at the inouest. . Nevertheless he had laid out tne plan and method of his own death with mathematical care and precision. So much so, indeed, that an advo cate inspired by a clever brief might logically have maintaed that the systematic attention to de tails in so painful a business was evidence in fa vour of the hypothesis that the dead body found on Hnmpstead Heath was not the body of John Ncedham, late one of Her Majesty's Lords of the Treasury. But this idea of impersonation was not suggested at the time ; and so far as the fettled -history of the case is on record, such an explanation is inconsistent with the evidence, and beyond the region of established fact. it was nrged at the inquest, in favour of a ver dict of temporary insanity, that John Needham's conduct on the day of the suicide was very strange ; and that the method of carrying out his self-murder was not that of a man in his right senses. It appeared that on the day of his death, he had a gone to a great deal of trouble to clear his house of the servants, inventing singular ex cuses for sending them away, even getting tickets fur the opera for them, giving them a supper, say ing it was his birthday, and finally, in the most mysterious fashion, driving his brougham to the spot, where he had airanged tint his dead body Etio.iid be discovered. These, it was contended, were not like the actions of a sne man ; they were fautr.si.ic. and in nowie characteristic of the calm, business-like intellect of Mr John Needham. On the other hand it was shown that he iiad up to the last moment conducted his affairs with ccolnc.-s and sense ; that he had had a serious and impoitant intel view with his solicitor ; and that he had written letters immediately piior to his death which were the letters of a man who tho- loughly knew what he was about. A parlour maid in bis service had repotted to the cook that he was mad, but thnt was only her ignorant, foolish view of some sudden act of liberality on the part of her master ; while the coroner thought his entertainment of the servants as reported rather icndtd to prove hi9 sanity, for he had evidently not been a very generous employer in tire matter of feasting his dependants, and probably be desired in a mancer to make up to them for iiis neglect, seeing that neither at Christ mas, nor Easter, nor at any other t' me was he in the habit of going out of his way to make the ecesuii pleasant at Portland Place, where he hal resided ever since he ca-re to London. Complete as was the identity of the body, clear as were the reasons why John Needhatn should commit suicide sane as the jury regarded him up to the very ir.trnent of his death, there was stilt an air or my.tety about this case, wiiich was heightened by j a 'Member of Parliament, a day after the inquests relating one of those remarkable coincidences, which are among the puzzles of everyday life. Possibly had not the honourable gentleman in question hi en a spritnalist his letter to "The limes" would have attracted general attention. As it was, it only marked the writer down as an eccentric person, and so cleverly was this idea wcrked that he was turned out of his seat at the next general election as an impracticable, crazy, ghost-seeing, spiritualistic dreamer. He had declared in "The Times," not as an argument in I favour of any further investigation, but as an I illustration of the truth of the stranger things I than those that are dreamt of in our philosophy— I he had positively asserted that while John Need I ham was lying dead at Hampstead he saw him on I the railway platform, saw him, and spoke to him. I A correspondent in reply, who contended that I John Needham, " like all suicides and murderers, I was mad, ; they could not commit their crimes I and be sane"- suggested that the U. P. who saw I the ghost at Livet pool was also "touched in the K npper story," and there the matter ended so far as I the general public was concerned ; but the I correspondence started Btrange and wild surmises I in the minds of the people of Hampstead, led to I curious speculations in the smokeroom at Jack I Straw's Castle, and gave colour to the suggestions I a'uady referred to as to the possibility of the I ccrpse not being that of John Needham. I Beit the privilege, if not the duty of the pre- I not writer, to raise the curtain upon this strange I mystery, the romance of which, he feels sure, will I Etffer no curtailment of interest from, but will he I rather enhanced by, the matter-of-fact way in I which it is proposed to relate it, partly as pr - I ricusly stated from published history, partly from I private notes. v I The mysteries of London are many ; hut none I <f ttem present more startling or dramatic pas- I tages than thos which belong to the genuine I history of the body found at Hampstead in the I summer of 1850, and registered as a care of " felo- dc-se" by the Coroner for Middlesex and » sworn I jury of responsible citizens and ratepayers. I CHAPTER II. I SECOUXTS THE RAPID RAE OF JOHN NEED- I HAM, W/P. I _ l'rior to the'general election of 1817, John I Ketdfcam had been known by his fellow-townsmen I as a jespectable man and a staunch Roman I Catholic, Nobody suspected him of the great capacity for Agu es and politiss which he I eventually develop d. The clerical authorities who had then as now a good deal of political power in Ireland, selected him 10 uphold the in- tere-st of the Pope and oppose the spirit and influence of Lord John Russell's famous letter to loid .Durham. He was elected a member of Parliament on these simple lines at the general election in 1S47. A tall, silent man, John Needham was of pale I complexion, closely-shaven, had thin brown hair, I dark bine eyes, a hesitating manner, and was fond I of dress, even to womanishness. His Irish friends I called him " the fop." He invariably wore an orchid in his buttonhole, a diamond on the little finger of bis left hand, a frill in his shirt front, and he drove the btst horses in town. At home, I jn Ireland, he had _bcen unostentatious in I his unostentatiouness,"" if one may be al- loed to be paradoxical ; for though he dressed better than his neighbours, he never pre- I tended that he could very well afford it, and he would associate with the humblest of them on H equal terms. I But from the moment John Needh-m arrived in London he put on, with his Parliamentary honours, the air of the man of wealth. And he was accep- ud at his own professed valuation. He had the I fpecinl faculty of impressiveness, the capacity to I inspire trust, the power of influence ; and what- I natural gifts he possessed he had the nrt to cxlibit them, without appearing to do so. lie was essentially a clever mao, vain, politic, a man I V,". i'8 6XC usivo light ot pnb'loatinn In New South Wales 8«tph " 11 lulc'1>£ct' by the yroprletori of tbe " Daily Trie- with an ever active ambition that gave spirit to his natural audacity. Although in Ireland he affecled not to he rich, it is shrewdly believed that he had amassed a fair share of money ; for through the influence of his late father's banking house, nnd his own ability as a solicitor, he ohta ned the agency of several Irish properties, and wh'-n the Act for the establishment of the Encumbered Estates Commission came into operation, his knowledge enabled him to make very advantageous purchases. The railway mania was alsotnrned to some account, and it was un derstood by the party which nominated him for Parliament that ne could well afford to maintain in town a position of dignity and independence, In his address at the close of the poll in his favour, he said : — " My old friends, if my descent is not ta pure Irish ns some, believe me my heart is trae to the cause, and I promise yon 1 am not going across the Channel to the great Saxon city yonder with- ont making your wants known, nor without a big effort to hand down to posterity the fame of our dear old borough ; and it is also my intention to give them cause to remember the name of John Ncedham 1" And by the Powers he did ! But when he en- tered the modern Babylon, the one interest, the one person whom he represented and meant to represent, was his own interest ; the one person himself. " For such a character as John Ncedham," says the historian, "the period was peculiarly favour able, especially when backed by the quiet, unob trusive, but never- ceasing support which the Roman Catholic party invariably extends to those of its proteges whose active exertions it requires for the enhancement and extension of its own authority." It was a time when financial acumen, and a re putation for it was of especial value. Sir Need- ham knew how to advertise himself without appearing to do so. It seemed ns if London bad been waiting for him, so quickly were his services in request among the great financial £orporations of the day. The name of John Needham, Esq., M.P., was a name to conjure with. At the head of a new board, hanking or railwny, it gave a new value to the company's scrip. He pervaded the atmosphere of any institution which he patronised with a sense of security. In all his engagements he was pnnctnality itself. His bouse in Portland Place was a model of luxurious simplicity. He gave dinners that were the talk of epicures, not for the elaborate character of the menu bnt for the perfection of the cooking and service, and the excellence of the wines. Within a year of his coming to London he was chairman of a great foreign railwny, director of two lines running out of London, managing director of the Civic Credit Company, director of the Valley-road iron and Col.iery Company, chairman of the 6team Shipping Corporation, and the financial adviser of many other equally notable undertakings. Not alone did his Irish friends consult him in their affairs, but English lords and bishops, and great city financiers in vested moneys in any direction that his judgment favoured. "But perhaps," says the historian, "the most extraordinary circumstance in his metropolitan career was his appointmentto the very responsih'e position of chairmain of the National English anil County Bank. That he had some little banking experience was true enough. The Needham Joint Slock Bank of Ireland, was a creation of his owu. Hie grandfather had established a bank at Sligo which had carried on for many years a very limited and, as far as is known, a very safe busi ness When John Needham first put up for a finan- cier, he chanzcd the chnracter of this little bank in which he had now acquired sufficient influence for the puise, into a joint stock company, placing his brother Henry at its head as manager and sole director. Still the infatuation which led the National English and County board to appoint him as their chairman, when he had not been known in London hardly a year, and the endorse ment of it by the shareholders is almost unac countable. Ho was faithful to this great trust, neve-Mhelts- ; and it is worth the while of some elo-o student of human nature to analyse the character i f John Needham, with a view to dis cover how- far his career was influenced by a naturally vicious nature, to what extent an in- ordiratc vanity may have moulded it, or whether ho was the victim of a misdirected and uufortu natc ambition. If he did well by the famous London Bank, it also did well by him. It gave him prestige, it endorsed to the full all the favourable reports that h'fid been circulated in regard to his first-class business qualifications ; it gave colour to the pre diction of journalistic gossip that lie would one day be elevated to the position of her Majesty s Chancellor of the Exchequer. There was, however, one great barrier to his political advancement. Not alone his religion, hut his known pledges to the Catholic party, his championship of what was thc-n known as " The Irish Brigade " But Mr J hn Ncedham was not the man to al low any trifle of this kind to stand in his way. When a certain Parliamentary whip asked aim if the distinctly Protestant Government of the day could count upon his undivided support and ser vice as Junior Lord of the Treasury, Mr Ncedham found it perfectly easy to transfer his allegiance from the see of Rome and Cardinal Wiseman to the ultra-Protestant Premier. To some men life is a meregame, in which every move is open to them, and in which they neither acknowledge the check of principle, nor sympathy. "My constituents will taunt me," he said, " with what may seem to them a desertion of principle, a disaffection, a revolt ; but I shall tell them, and it is true, that my politioal hostility was against Lord John Russell, not against the Government, and that l.ord John being no lonzer at the head of the Government, the situation is changed " " Thnt is so," said the party whip charged with the Iribo of office, "though 1 question if your constituents will accept even so plausible an ex planation — for your appointment. Vacate your seat, and it is possible that they may refuse to re elect you." " I think they will," said Mr Needham j " lot them. 1 will contest the place which the death of Mr Patrick Smith leaves open to us. Did yon note his decease in this morning's ' Chronicle'!" / "I did." Then with all respect to Lord Aberdeen, and my duty to him and my thanks, say he may count ufonmy patriotic set vice to his Government, to 'he Throne, and to the countiy." 1 he constituent of his native borough did re ject Mr John Ncedham, emphasising their rejec tion with rotten eggs and a dead cat; hut he contested the seat in which Mr Patrick Smith had sat with honour for twenty years ; and he won .it His enemies charged him with bribery, and de clared that the third candidate who carried off a lot of " plumpers " from Needham's real rival was a confederate of the Junior Lord of the Treasury. But the victor was content. He cared nothing for the opinion of the defeated, nor for their evil reports. It was May Day in London when he returned to town triumphant, a Lord of the Treasury, and with all the influential responsibilities of what seemed to the outer world a great and undimned futnre before him. But-how little that "outer world" knows of anything and anybody? It thinks it knows, says it knows, and believes it knows. Mr John Need- bam could havo astonished that onter world very much in regard to his Treasury appointment, if he had held forth on the subject. Nobody conld bavc dreamed of how great importance his eleva tion was in his own estimation. He hardly dared confess to himself the truth of his position ; nor did it seem necessary since Fortune, in this matter, appeared to smile so benignantly upon him. He was quite satisfied with himself, contented, happy, and if there were obstacles in the future that threatened his peace, he did not fear them ; they were shadows that his rising sun would speedily dis ipate. At least so he thought, and he cal culated his chance with astuteness and experi- ence. A shining pair of chestnut bones champed 'heir silver bits at the arrival platform of the Great Western t-taticin. They were appointed in the best taste, nnd on the box of the handsome brougham sat two smart servante, who were conscious of the importance attached to their service by the atten dance of several railway officials, who had been ordered to receive tee new Lord of the Treasury. Mr Ncedham accepted the compliment with an easy and satisfied air, tipped the guard who carried his writing-case, and slipped a guinea into the hand of the platform inspector. The fpting sunshine seemed to follow him with cspc-cial favour as his horses flew along the streets to Portland Place. It flashed gaily on thesilvet i harness of his fau'tless steeds ; it brought out the i goidon bars of his coat-of-nrms on the ' door- panel of his faultless brougham ; and the fust breezes of summer wafted about him, as he stepped upon the pavement, the perfume of ten thousand hyacinths from the beds of Begents Park, ' There was, however, surely one delightful touch missing ; the chronicler of this history feels its absence, though possibly the new Lord of the Treasury did not. No wife, nor child, welcomed home the victor ; the Hon. John Needham, M,P., was a bachelor, (TO BE CONTINUED,) 