NEWS OF THE DAY. The authorities are doing their best to get the new arrangements connected with the transfer of the Government banking account to the associated banks into working order. It is expected that a few days will suffice for this, Yesterday the banks adopted a plan for the distribution of the departmental expenditure accounts, and agreed to receive and transfer to the credit of the Government in this colony £1,000,000, which is now lying at its credit at the Bank of England. The revenue accounts have not yet been distributed, but it is probable that they will be in a day or two. The Government are about to invite tenders for the erection of the stores required in connection with the naval depot at Woolloomooloo Bay, and will vigorously proceed with all the other works in connection with the naval establishment at this port. THE Minister for Works returned to Sydney yesterday morning, from his visit to Molong. Mr. Wright reached Orange last Saturday morning, and at 6 o'clock was driven by Mr. Wynne to Molong, where he was met by Dr. Ross, M.L.A. for the district, the Mayor, and a large number of the townspeople. After breakfast he inspected the site proposed for the railway- station buildings, and received a deputation upon various local matters, which he promised attention. Subsequently the health of Mr. Wright and of the Ministry was toasted, and then the hon. gentleman left Molong on his return to Orange. At Orange a large deputation consisting of Mr. W. Clarke, M.L.A., the Mayor and aldermen, and a number of the towns- people, waited upon him with reference to some local requirements, the principal of which were the necessity, as alleged, for a new railway-station building, or the alteration of the present one, and the erection of an overhead traffic bridge. From Orange Mr. Wright returned in the evening of the same day to Bathurst, and on Sunday morning he made a private visit to Sofala. Sir Patrick Jennings, K.C.M.G., has been appointed Executive Commissioner for New South Wales at the Indian and Colonial Exhibition, to be held in London in 1886 and Mr. E. C. Cracknell, Superintendent of Telegraphs, who has been granted 12 months' leave of absence, is to represent the colony at a Telegraphic Conference, to be held at Berlin. The Hon. S. W Griffith, Premier of Queensland, had a long interview with the Hon. W. B. Dalley yesterday morning, During the interview various matters of interest to New South Wales and Queensland were discussed. Tni Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the stability or otherwise of the iron bridges on the railways of the colony were engaged during the whole of yesterday in inspecting and testing the iron bridge on the Great Western Railway at Bathurst. A most thorough test and investigation took place, To-day the commission will proceed to Wellington and Dubbo. The public banquet which is to be given to the Ministry by the inhabitants of Maitland will take place next Tuesday evening. Mr, Dalley will leave Sydney in one of the Government steamers on Tuesday morning for Newcastle, from which place he will go by train to Maitland, and he will leave Maitland on his return to Newcastle and Sydney on Tuesday night, immediately the banquet is over. The hon. gentleman will probably be accompanied by the Minister for Works (Hon. F. A. Wright), and the Minister for Justice (Hon. H. E. Cohen), who is the member for Maitland, will join Mr. Dalley and Mr Wright at Newcastle. It is said that Mr. Dalley will have something to say at the banquet on the question of the German annexation of a portion of New Guinea, and in defence of the notion of the Government of this colony in abstaining from any protest against German occupation. Probably no literary man in England, or among English-speaking peoples, holds a higher place in his particular line than does the gentleman from whom the proprietors of the Sydney Mail have purchased the copyright of a new serial story. What George Augustus Sala is among journalists, James Payn is among novelists and magazine writers, and his latest novel, "The Luck of the Dar- rolls," the publication of which in the Mail will be commenced next week, is equal to the best of his many efforts. Readers of the Central Magazine, of which Mr. Payn is the editor, must remember the charming "Literary Reminiscences" in which he chatted so gracefully and agreeably of his friend- ship with Miss Mitford, Harriet Martineau, Robert and William Chambers, Dickens, Thackeray, and every prominent literary figure of this generation. Every novel-reader was charmed with his first effort, electric in its effect, "Lost Sir Massingberd," first published in Chambers's Journal, of which he was then and for many subsequent years editor and since that time his never tiring brain and pen have given us " A Perfect Treasure," " By Proxy," " What he Cost Her." Married Beneath Him," and a score of other novels, for in literary fecundity only Miss Braddon rivals Mr. Payn. His style is as fresh and charming as it was 20 years ago, and his store of incident, wit, and humour seems inexhaustible Leaders of the Hail should find its new serial a very acceptable means of beguiling leisure time. We have been asked to draw attention to the labour and inconvenience to which the tram conductors are subjected by persons who either wilfully or carelessly neglect to provide themselves with proper change for the payment of their tram fares. In some cases a £l-note, and even a sory-note, has been tendered for the payment of a 3d. or 6d. fare, and obstruction has been caused by the conductor either refusing or being unable to give the necessary change. To meet these cases it has been deemed advisable to make a regulation to the effect that conductors will be allowed to give change for current silver coin only. Such discretion will be allowed them, however, as will enable them in exceptional cases to meet any difficulty that may arise. Tub railway ticket collectors, we are informed, have had reason lately to complain of the non-observance of the regulation which requires all railway season-ticket holders to show their tickets when requested to do so. The matter has been brought under the notice of the Commissioner for Railways, and it has been determined to enforce the regulation by prosecuting anyone who declines to produce his ticket when called upon to do so. In order to facilitate the production of season tickets the Department has had metal tickets struck, so that they may be worn as appendages to watch chains, and it is considered exceedingly annoying as well as obstructive to the proper conduct of the passenger traffic on the railways, that passengers should sometimes decline to show their tickets. Some time ago, when there was only a small number of season ticket holders, the collectors could readily recognise the passengers possessing these tickets, but now when the number has become very large (in 1883 there were S,60 612 season-ticket journeys made), it is not possible for the collector to know all season-ticket holders, and when the collectors are changed no ticket-holders are known. It is considered, therefore, that the only effective plan to adopt is to require all season- ticket holders to show their tickets each time they travel, and the observance of this rule will he insisted upon, we understand, without respect to persons. The Government have decided upon a site for a public park at Petersham, and steps have been taken to resume the land. It will be remembered that two sites were recommondod-one a portion of the Annandale estate near the Stanmore railway platform, and the other a piece of land known as Wentworth Paddock, I to ? III and situated near the Petersham railway viaduct. A deputation from Petersham was recently promised by the Hon. J P. Abbott, who at the time was acting for the Hon. W. B. Dalley, that the matter should he speedily settled, and on his recommendation the Government have decided to secure Wentworth Paddock, containing between ten and eleven acres of land. This site is the one that was approved by Mr. Stuart when he inspected both it and the Annandale site some time ago. Yesterday afternoon the Mayor of Parramatta (Mr. F. C Cox, J.P.), on behalf of the residents of Berrima, presented to Acting Sub-Inspector Latimer, who has recently taken charge of the Parramatta police district, a handsome gold watch and chain, and a purse containing 10 sovereigns for Mrs, Latimer. The watch bore the following inscription " Presented to Mr. Sub-Inspector Latimer by the inhabitants of the district of Berrima, as a mark of respect and esteem." Mr Latimer returned thanks on behalf of himself and wife in a few well chosen remarks. On Wednesday evening last the members of the Sunday afternoon class connected with the Wentworth Club were entertained at tea in the schoolroom of the ' Congregational Church, Glebe. After tea a social meeting was held, presided over by Sir G. W. Allen, N.O.M G. The following, amongst others, who take an interest in the club, were present Judge Wilkinson, Dr. Garran, Rev. H. T. Robjohns, B.A., Rev. J. Rickard, and Messrs. G. A. Lloyd and J, Wearne. Several songs were rendered by members of the club, showing a great improvement in their singing, and a recitation entitled " The Little Hero " was very effectively given, after which Lady Allen distributed the prizes for regular i meat iV," "Esk iron tank in)] his attendance. Jno members be a man and was a.. a surprise by presenting Mrs. Robjohns with a neat workbox and portemonnaie. During the evening addresses were given by the chairman, the Rev. Mr. Robjohns, and Dr. Garran. For some time past Mr. P. Fletcher Watson has been holding classes for sketching from nature and not only have his numerous pupils done well under his tuition, but his own style, good as it was when he abandoned architectural painting for landscape, shows marked improvement. It now resembles very much that of Mr. J. B. Ashton, and the resemblance can be dearly traced in his first sketch this year, " A View of Hunter's Beach. Middle Harbour." The point of view is the south end of this pretty reserve, which is such a boon to yachtsmen, and the com- position of the work is certainly clever blue water lapping upon the crescent-shaped beach, the sand flecked with seaweed, and dotted with a few figures. On the left are dumps of well-drawn trees, and in the background misty ranges of hills. The colouring of the picture is bright and harmonious, the perspective correct, and the sky-wash soft and clear. We have to announce with regret the death of Mr. Peter Campbell Curtis, chief clerk in the Equity Branch of the Supreme Court, a position which he filled for about 15 years, though his connection with the department referred to extended over some 28 years. The deceased gentleman was well known outside his official position for the interest manifested by him for many years in the progress of cricket in this colony, and no doubt the announcement of his death will be received with sorrow not only by the veterans of the cricket-field but by all lovers of the game who remember the palmy days of the now almost forgotten Albert Ground of which Mr. Curtis was not only managing Secretary but one of the largest shareholders. With the closing of the Albert Ground the active and practical interest previously exhibited by Mr Curtis in cricket matters ceased to a great extent, but his kindly and genial nature always induced him to assist the popular game and its exponents whenever opportunity offered. On Saturday last Captain Wagstaff, of the ship La Hogue, liberated a number of English birds which he brought out with him last voyage at Burnt Bridge Creek, Manly. They were mostly chaffinches, green linnets, and yellow-hammers, all insect-eating birds. Captain Wagstaffe writes: "I chose near the creek so that they would know where to find water. The little creatures were no sooner out of the cage than they flow to the water and immediately took a good bath after their long voyage from England. We watched them. for some time, and they seemed perfectly at home in this their new country. This creek lion about two miles from Manly, quite in the bush; and I hope they will not got shot by some of the boys we have about Manly and neighbourhood." At the meeting of the borough council of Waverley, on Tuesday loot, the dancing pavilion license held by John Heinz, at Bondi, was cancelled on the ground that the pavilion caused a public nuisance. A Kisu, meeting of the committee appointed to make arrangements for the banquet recently given to the Ministry was held at the offices of Messrs. Richardson and Wrench yesterday. The chair was occupied by Mr. R. G. Vallack. The treasurers brought up a report which stated that 200 tickets were sold, and that over 200 persons attended the banquet ; also that the receipts amounted to £314, and expenditure to £312 11s. 8d. This left a balance in hand of £1 83. 0d,, and the committee resolved that this should be forwarded to the directors of the Soup Kitchen for the benefit of that institution. It was considered that the arrangements had culminated most successfully, and a vote of thanks was accorded to Captain Broomfield and Mr. J B. Carey, the treasurers, and Messrs. W. P. Manning and G. Pile, the Beere lanes, for the above plan may june issue in uuuiiuumuji with them. 2 The third of the series of meetings for united prayer was held in St. George's Church, Castlereagh-street, last evening, and was attended by about 120 persons, The time at which the meeting should commence having been reached, the Rev. George Sutherland said he regretted that the Rev. Pastor Allen, who was to have occupied the chair, was seriously in- disposed, and unable to leave his house, and therefore would not preside. As he (Mr. Sutherland) did not then see present any minister other than the Rev. Dr. Kelynack, who was to address the meeting, he would himself take the chair. The service was then proceeded with, the devotions consisting of prayers for the Church of Christ, The Rev. Dr. Kelynack delivered an address, the subject of which was the Baptism of the Holy Ghost." In the course of some remarks of a very impressive character, the rev. gentleman exhorted his hearers to a more earnest consecration of their lives to Christ. The subject for to-night's . meeting is '. Prayer for Families and Instructors of Youth." The Rev, Joseph Hargraves is to preside, and the Rev. Dr. Steel to deliver an address. Fiton a correspondent we learn that a Roman Catholic bazaar was opened at Campbelltown yesterday, by the Dean of St. Mary's Cathedral. Numerous articles of beauty and value were ranged on the various stalls, and formed an attractive display. The bazaar was well attended, and the maypole dance, one of its principal attractions, was very successful. The reported advance in the price of wheat in the English market has not been without its effect on our wheat-growing colonies. Advices have been received in commercial circles here that the news has had an effect upon the price of wheat and flour in the Adelaide market. So far it has not materially affected the Sydney flour market, but it will no doubt on further confirmation of the intelligence from England give an upward tendency to breadstuffs here. An advance in price in this direction will be most welcome news to wheatgrowers in the New South Wales wheatgrowing districts. In some of those districts the yield the season has been unusually heavy for example, from Mudgee and Orange a yield of about 50 bushels to the acre is reported. A late London telegram, dated January 6, states that wheat has further advanced 2s. A »ASTAiirnvr outrage, by which the lives of several persons were placed in jeopardy, was perpetrated by a number of well-dressed larrikins at the residence of Professor Goergs, Riviere College, Nelson and Wallis streets, Woollahra on New Year's morning. The college faces the residence of Judge Dowling, and at about 11 o'clock on New Year's Eve, Professor George, knowing that Miss Dowling was very iii in bed, requested a couple of mounted policemen to remove any of the larrikins who might make a disturbance in the thoroughfare. Several young men were standing about at the time, and some of them must have heard Mr. Goergs make the request to the police. The Professor retired to his bedroom, but his wife and a teacher named Miss Moniz took a walk on the balcony. They went to bed at about 1 o'clock in the morning. Soon after that hour Mrs. Goergs heard the noise of breaking glass, and on looking out of the window of her room she distinctly saw a number of larrikins engaged in wrenching off the garden gate. She attempted to remonstrate with the rumore ante, when a number of stones, some of them weighing over three pounds, came crashing into the room, destroying the blinds and the window, and slightly wounding the lady, Fortunately, none of the heavy stones struck her, or the consequence might have been serious. Mr. Goggs at once rushed down to the gate, and found 3 number of young men who can be identified, standing behind a fence. There were others lying on the grass on the opposite side of the roadway at the time. The Professor questioned them about the affair, but the young men spoken of as having been found behind the fence denied that they had committed the assault, and pointed to those who were on the other side of the road as being the offender. Meanwhile, Judge Dowling, hearing the noise, and being apprehensive of danger, came out of his house and joined the Professor. One of the larrikins called out, " There's the Judge," After some few minutes had elapsed, the Professor and Judge Dowling left the spot, but no sooner were their books turned than the cowardly ruffians threw a shower of stones at them, and it was providential that one or other of the two gentlemen was not killed. Judge Dowling escaped" unhurt ; but the Professor received a nasty blow on the right leg, from the effects of which he has since been confined to his room. A lamp at the corner of the street was smashed. The persons who were behind the fence are said to be respectably connected, and they are also known to the police It is j believed that they urged the others to throw the missiles at Judge Dowling and the Professor. It was a I clear moonlight morning, and nearly all the offenders 1 were recognised. The police have the matter in hand, and some of the young gentlemen who commanded nerve enough to throw stones at a defenceless woman, and who was brave enough to skulk behind a fence, may yet figure in the Police Court. Two more lads, named respectively John Donohoe and John Fox, have been arrested on the charge of having taken part in the Bondi riot on Boxing Day, and yesterday they, with the other prisoners, were put into the dock at the Water Police Court- The case, a full report of which is given in another column, was proceeded with, and when some additional evidence was taken, it was again adjourned. On the application of Mr. Roberts, who is prosecuting for the Crown. Mr. Addison, the presiding magistrate, discharged the lads Edward Crimmins and Robert Watts, there being no case against them. A firm named William Turner was observed to fall down suddenly on the Circular Quay at about 1 o'clock yesterday. Immediate assistance was rendered to him, but he expired in a few minutes. He is supposed to have burst a blood vessel, The body was taken to the Circular Quay morgue. An inquest will probably be hold. John Anderson. a lad 11 years of age, was taken to the Sydney Hospital at a late hour on Tuesday night, suffering badly from fits. A Mrs Tighe, of No. 8, Jones street, conveyed the lad to the institution. He did not rally, but died at about 8 o'clock yesterday morning. A shocking accident occurred at the new graving dock at Cockatoo Island, yesterday morning. A banks- man, named Andrew Connell, was standing near a trolly upon which some heavy pieces of stone were being lifted by means of a crane, when one of the stones, weighing over a ton, slipped from the "dogs" or grappling-irons and fell with a crash on to the trolly. The weight was too great for the vehicle to bear, and it canted over immediately, and half of the stone fell on to the lower part of Connell's body, knocking him down and severely crushing him. The man was at once taken on board a steam launch and conveyed to the Circular Quay, and from thence he was taken to the Sydney Hospital on a stretcher. On examination it was ascertained that the pelvis had been badly fractured. All that medical skill could suggest for the relief of his sufferings was done for him, but he expired shortly before 7 o'clock last evening. The matter has been reported to the coroner. On Monday last the premises of Mr. Quong Tart, at Waverley, were entered and robbed. It appears that Mr. Quong Tart, on leaving the house in the morning, locked the door, but, being in a hurry, unfortunately left the key in the look. Some unprincipled scoundrel, in the course of the day, must have noticed the key, and probably was acquainted with the fact that in the absence of the proprietor there was no one left on the promises. At all events the house was entered and robbed, to the value of some three or four pounds, the principal articles taken being some valuable china cups and saucers, trinkets, and a small sum of money. The thief had evidently attempted unsuccess- fully to force open some drawers, but having subsequently discovered the key he rifled them without any trouble. Judging from the nature of the goods stolen, it is believed that the perpetrator of the robbery was an amateur rather than a professional housebreaker. There is also some reason to imagine that he lives in the vicinity. The boot trade dispute in Melbourne remains (states the Melbourne Daily Telegraph) as before the holidays. Neither party seems inclined to give in. On Monday evening a mass meeting of the men was held, at which a resolution was passed affirming their determination to fight to the bitter end. A conference was proposed to see if a settlement could be come to but as the journeymen insist upon a Mr. Trenwith being one of their delegates, and as the masters decline to meet him under any circumstances, the proposal has fallen through. The idea of forming a co-operative factory appears to be growing among the men, and something practical may result. It is reported that the masters are considering the advisability of importing 1000 men from England, but nothing definite has yet been determined on. It is rather startling (observer St. James' Gazette) when two gentlemen burst into a quiet club about the time when members are at dinner, and make a grab at walking-sticks and umbrellas. Nor is the terror of the thing diminished when the strangers enter hand in-hand, " very warm and quite out of breath "-the one in the ordinary great coat and hat of civilised man ; the other blindfolded and in evening dress, with the additional adornment of a red fez. Two eminently respectable " homes of luxury and ease " were violently invaded in this fashion by a couple of " thought readers " last night. At the Atheneum. a blank envelope was handed to an inoffensive member like a threatening letter or a missive from the Flying Dutchman. This looked awful and supernatural enough to induce a fit in an elderly frequenter of that establishment. But at the Now University the conduct of the weird vitsitantB was almost too human. They made, as we have said, for the umbrella stand, and singled out somebody else's walking-stick. They were i induced, presumably by the owner, to abandon their prey, and content themselves with one belonging to a third party. Then they left, and were received by their expectant followers with applause. We commend the matter to the consideration of the " artful ones " of this metropolis. There is a fine opening for enterprise on the medium lay The unruly clement at Pentridge (says the Argus) is not yet subdued. On Christmas Day about 20 prisoners in C division refused to return to their cells after being allowed out for smoking. They chiefly belonged to the " short sentence " class, and it is believed that their disobedience was provoked by seeing some of the billeted prisoners enjoying luxuries in which they had no share. Force was not need to compel the offenders, but their names were taken, and they were brought up in due time before the Inspector General. On holidays the staff is somewhat short handed, and it is believed that completion would have been difficult with the means at hand. Strict orders have been given that in future no extra indulgences are to be granted to any of the prisoners to the exclusion of the rest, and possibly owing to this irregularity the insubordinate were let off with a reprimand. As Usual great reticence is observed by the officials about this affair. It is gratifying to find that the long-sentenced prisoners were well-behaved. The most troublesome offenders against prison discipline are, as a rule, the larrikin class, some of whom are almost untenable. It is rumoured that a juvenile Weechurch has been giving great annoyance by repeated acts of misconduct. Match General \l ScraTchLEy arrived in Melbourne on Monday by the R.M.S. Ballaarat, no was accompanied by Mrs. Scratchley and his two daughters, who will reside in Brighton. A representative of the Argus interviewed the Major- General, and he gave him information similar to that elicited at the interview in Adelaide. Prior to leaving London. Major-General Scratchley was interviewed by Mr. Forbes, the representative of the Royal Geographical Society, who has been subsidised by that body in order that he may explore New Guinea. Major- General Scratchley, in reply to Mr, Forbes's question as to whether he was in any way opposed to the exploration of New Guinea, assured him that he was, on the contrary, highly pleased that so praiseworthy an endeavour was about to be made by private enterprise to fully discover the resources in natural history, botany, geology, and fauna of New Guinea. In his opinion Mr. Forbes's tour of exploration would lead to a valuable addition to what was known by Europeans about the country, far more in fact than might be reduced by official tours conducted by those who might be less enthusiastic in pursuit of knowledge in those regions. In short, Major-General Scratchley warmly encouraged Mr. Forbes in his laudable and spirited undertaking, and promised that when they met again in New Guinea in April next he should have the special commissioner's utmost assistance short of the granting of a funds, which it was not in his (Major-General Scratchley's) power to disburse for such an I object. It was therefore only natural thatMajor-Gene ral Scratchley should question the Argus representative ' as to the probability of the Australasian Geographical I Society undertaking the exploration of New Guinea in [ conjunction with Mr Forbes. He said he had been much interested in reading the information recently published in the press, indicating the probability of some of the Australian Governments subsidising the colonial society, in order to enable it to push on the work in question. 