SCOTCH AND WELSH SUPERSTITIONS. The risks were a sort of intermediary race between spirits and mortals, and acted the part ascribed to the brownies of England and of Low land Scotland. If kindly treated, they might render service to the family to which they had joined themselves. Often the guidwife found her kitchen put to rights, and the fire blazing cheerily when she awoke. But unkindness drove them away at once. A tale is told of an urisk whose customary bowl of milk was one morning forgotten, and who fled with a wild shriek never to return. The urisks are not to be confounded with the ghostly retainers who guard the fortunes many an old Scottish family. The phantom drummer of the Bonnie House o' Airlie, beating his blood curdling roll, is well known. Like old castles and mansions everywhere, thoso of the north countrie are mostly haunted. A spirit lingers in destrted Duntulm, for instance. The M'Donalds dwelt there till the ghost of Donald Gorm drove them out. While yet his body lay in Edinburgh, his ghost wandered through Duntulm. Unearthly voices re-echoed, along the passages, shadowy tartans waved, there were heard wailing and moaning. A rash youth dared to 'beard the lion in his den' with the aid of sword and Bible; but in vain, and so the eerie ruin crumbles away. The Highlanders are indeed constantly receiving messages from the unseen. Thus, it has been revealed to them that another conflict will be fought on dark Drummossie Moor; for often, while crossing it in the gloam- ing of a summer evening, has the Gael found himself in the midst of thesmoke of battle. Ge has seen the tartans waving, he has seen the broad swords flashing, and though he cannot ex- plain the reason, he still believes that the vision is prophetic. But a hundred little incidents which by others would pass unheeded are for him fraught with the most solemn meaning. The cock which crows at midnight conveys the intelligence of a death in the neighbourhood. Itching of the nose or ringing in the ears bears the same message. If his cattle die, the evil eye has gazed upon them. The boat that drifts empty out to sea has been pushed from its moorings by the fairies. Deeply confident in these beliefs is the Gael. More even than in the Highlands of Scotland, is the influence of the age felt in Wales. "They're changing everything nowadays, aren't they, sir?" was the remark addressed to the writer by an old Welsh woman in the oldest of churchyards in the oldest and quaintest of walled cities. The nineteenth and thirteenth centuries come very close together in Conway. The train dashing out through the tube and under the walls of of the castle is the spirit of utilitarian- ism; the mouldering towers and battlements of the mighty castle of Edward I. and Eleanor his queen embody the ancient chivalry. The sound of the old woman's words rings on like the voice of a passing bell; and as it tolls, lo! the stately dames and gallant knights pass out through the arched gateways into the mist, and return never more; the castle waxes old and crumble; the navvy comes with his pick and undermines it; snorting fire, a shrieking monster dashes up — as he comes, all the old beliefs, all the simple, maimers and customs, fly disgusted into the mountains, there to lin- ger. But among the hills there are wondrous legends floating about; the nineteenth century has receded into the dim vagueness of a dream. Merlin chanting his incantations; Llywarch Hen singing sad dirges for Gwenn; Taliesin, the chief of bards: these are nearer you there. In the Cardigan mines, the knockers are still heard, indicating where a rich lode may be ex- pected. It is yet believed that if you cut a turf from St - David's and stand upon it, you will see the Islands of the Blessed. The stones of Helog-ab-Cunog have their weird story; many a cottage in the lonely uplands is haunted. Witches were consulted and believed in so lately as 1826. The Cymri of Wales have their giant too, the good Foulkes Ty Du, who is always helping them. When evil, on the other hand, is about to overtake them, the Tybiath (German Ahnung) or presentiment forebodes it. No singer can be a true bard unless the divine Awen has descended upon him. Legend has it that to sleep upon its summit makes a man a poet or a madman. We cannot better conclude that in the words: of one of Mary Howitt's Welsh heroines: "I be- lieve that there are two great realms in nature, the outward and the inward, the one being as real as the other. Science can and does pene- grate the one, the outward, and will in time lay bare all its mysteries ; but at present — whatever science or even intellect may do in time to come — they now lead away from and are anta- gonistic to the inward, which is the real of spi- ritual life. We Welsh people, like all primitive and simple nations, as yet retain our hold upon the realm of spirit ; it has not quite gone from us yet; and there are many living amongst us to whom more or less of the inward, the spiritual, is revealed." A man named F. Rivett, of Barry's Reef, Blackwood, hung himself on Friday. He has left a large family. Following close upon the death of the King of Spain there is announced the decease of Marshal Serrano, an eminent Spauish digni- tary. He was in his seventy-fifth year, and had a distinguished career. In 1843 he assisted in bringing about the fall of Espartero. After the marriage of Queen Isabella, in 1850, he ac- quired an influence over him, which occasioned much scandal, and caused much indignation. He was exiled in 1854, but within a few months after one of the numerous revolutions, returned to Spain. In the coup d'etat of 1856 he played into Marshall O'Donnell's hands. He held prominent positions for some years,, and in 1866, for opposing Narwaez, was con- fined for a brief period in a military prison. In the revolution of 1868, when Queen Isabella lost her throne he was a principal actor. He was made president of the Council of Ministers, and commander-in- chief, and was subsequently elected Regent. He continued to act in that capacity until Prince Amadeo was prevailed upon to accept the Spanish crown. In 1872 he was engaged in suppressing the Carlist in- surrection in Navarro. In 1874 he was ap- pointed president of the Executive power in Spain, and again took arms against the Carlists. In 1875 Alfonso was proclaimed King with his connivance. In 1883 he was gazetted ambassa- dor in Paris. After a stormy life, he has died full of years and honour. 