CHRISTIANITY IN THE SECOND AND THIRD CENTURIES ; OR, Evidences of the Christian Faith Be tween 160— 313 A.J). [Br thk Rev. Joseph Nicholson.] Part I. iNTunnrrcTnnv. There are few single subjects engaging human attention on which more mental effort has been expended than 'The Evidences of Christianity. It is becoming that it should be so ; for, if Christianity be the one pure and undefined religion given to man that is destined to replace the feebler and failing faiths of the world, with its brighter hopes and purer morals and diviner power, it is but natural, that be able to make good its claims by 'evidences ' that mil satisfy all sincere and candid truth seekers, Christianity has ever courted the light, and insisted on rigorous search being made into her foundation truths. The criticism of ages has now been expended upon her doctrines and institutions, and the chief result is that they have become more widely received and more cordially believed than ever. It is highly desirable that Sunday-school teachers should be familiar with some of the vast treasures of evidence which the history of God's church furnishes, so that out of their treasury 'things new and old' may be produced to form' the faith and convictioas of their scholars. The course of lectures, of which this is one, concentrates attention on the three or four earliest centuries in the Christian era, and contemplates the production of evidences of the divine life and mission of Christianity exclusively from that period. In allotting the course to three different lecturers, it has been found mutually agreeable to avoid denning the range of each lecture by the first, second, and third century, but rather to divide the general period by its important epochs. It therefore falls to my lot to expound the evi dences of Christianity from the reign of Marcus Aurelius to that of Constantine, extending from, the years a.d. 160 to 313. This period is very full of interest to! the Christian student. In following the. course of events, he sees Christianity a proscribed religion by pagan powers, enduring persecution-, yet flourishing in the midst of it with 'marvellous vitality. He hears of attacks by pagans and heretics, resulting in 'apologies' in defence of the truth, by faithful and able men. He sees the Church of Christ, unharmed amid the fire, standing by the old landmarks — holding the truth as it is in Jesus with a love stronger than death. He finds on examination sub stantially the same elements of Christian life which are characteristic of the modern Christian, in full vigor in the Christian of the second and third centuries. In dealing with this wide field of enquiry, extending over 150 years, two distinct possible methods presented themselves. First, there was the temptation to select half a dozea striking scenes or characters connected with the period, and sketch them with a rhetorical glow that might kindle emotion without greatly informing the mind. The other was to be severely didactic, eschewing all flowers of rhetoric and mere ornamenta tion, that the time might be devoted to plain useful information on the theine in hand. Probably the truest wisdom will be to combine, as far as possible, pleasure with profit, giving, where preference is demanded, utility the preeminence. I purpose dealing with the subject in its two main branches : — I. The evidences of Christianity from Chris tian Life and Manners. IT. The evidences of Christianity from Chiistian Literature and Institutions. CHRISTIAN LIFE First let us look at Christian life and character as exhibited in this period. Pro fessor Drummond remarks very tersely and truly 'that aChristian is the highest evidence of Christianity.' We may have evidences from miracles and prophecy, from the unity, haiinorjy, and purity o£ the Christian Scrip tures, and from the incidental and uninten tional corroborations of profane history, to the broad and stupendous claims of the Christian faith; but many of these can only be fully appreciated by the learned and scholarly; whereas, Christian life which is moulded after the fashion of the founder of Christianity, is so unique in its purity and nobility, as to appeal to the judgment and conscience of all men. The world has never failed to acknowledge the potency of true Christian life When the followers of Jesus were first called j Christians at Antioch, it was a public j recognition of their endeavors to follow in the | footsteps of their divine Lord and Master. The j power to live a Christian life was uniformly acknowledged to be a divine gift, bestowed on ! these who obeyed the gospel through faith in i Jesus. Clement of Alexandria, spaaking of ' the blessed illumination that comes in conver- I sion says, ''We are like those that wake out of j a deep sleep, or . rather like those from ' whose eyes a filni has fallen.' In apostolic ! tin.es the simple profession of faitb in Christ ] led to reception into the Church at ! once ; but in the second and third centuries a j longer delay took place. The hostility of the j heathen, which made Christianity a secret I sect, rendered greater caution in receiv- ' ing new converts a necessity. According to the 'Apostolical constitutions,' it was re quired 'that those who present themselves for the fust time to hear the Divine Word be brought to those who are appointed to teach, before the Christian community assemblies, and that they be asked what has led them to the faith ; that the Christians by whom they hear the Divine Word, and that they know their conduct and manner of life.' If the can didate gave evidence of a change of life by coming out from pagan pollutions he was ad mitted as a 'hearer.' This class, known as the ' Audientes,' were only admitted to the porch of the church, and stood apart from the church members, while the Scriptures were read and explained. A second stage was reached by them, when they were called prostrati, i.e., kneeling or praying catechumens, and were permitted to remain to the prayers. A third stage qualified them to receive definite instruction to prepare them for baptism. In some cases the preparatory course extended to three years, and the great concern was to secure purity of life based upon a living faith in Christ Jesus. The tests were severe, but they were cheer fully endured by those who were burning with love to the Saviour. They had nothing to gain from simulating Christianity, but they endangered their property, liberty, aud life by the simple confession ' I am a Christian '.' CHRISTIAN' MORALITY. The pure morality of Christian lives would be in striking contrast to the gross sensuality of the average Roman heathen, while it would no doubt be an exciting cause of enmity to those who were reproved in their unfruitful works of darkness, nor would it fail to leave some salutory lesson in favor of the purer ethics of the Christian faith. ' The church,' says De Pressense, *' was the city of refuge, built upon a hill, with gates open to all in whom there had arisen a thirst after the Divine. Whether in hatred or in love, all eyes were drawn towards it by its moral elevation, and the very hatred of its enemies became of service to it by calling into demonstration the power of its faith.' Their affection and sympathy for one another justified the current phrase, 'Behold how these Christians love one another.' Their separation from the world was scriptural in its character, for they were ' in the world but not of it.' Tertullian writes — 'We are not Indian Brahmins or Gymnosophists, who dwell in woods, and exile themselves from ordinary human life. . . . We sojourn with you in the world, abjuring neither forum, nor shambles, nor bath, nor booth, nor workshop, nor inn, nor weekly market, nor any other place of commerce. We sail with you, and fight with you, and till the ground with you, and in like manner we unite with you in your trafficking — even in the various arts we make public property of our works for your benefit.' Nevertheless there was a clear sense in which they were not or the world. There were certain trades which Christians could, not be allowed to enter or continue in. The makers of images, the charioteers in the public games, the actors in the theatres, and all who upheld the idolatrous rites of. pagan worship by ser vice of any kind were tabooed occupations to the early Christians. In that sense they had to ' come out from the ungodly and be sepa rate.' Tertullian, who flourished at the close of the second century, and who has written so eloquently on all phases of early Christian life, found it necessary to write a distinct treatise on 'Female dress,' showing that the daughters of Eve in his day had characteristic feminine weakness for dress and ornament. He de nounces those who ' rub their skin with- men dicaments, stain their cheeks with rouge, and make their eyes prominent with antimony.' He exclaims — ' I see some women change the color of their hair with saffron. Ill, aye, most ill do they augur for themselves, with their flame-colored head, and think that graceful which in fact they are polluting.' The high-toned morality of the early Chris tians was so generally practised that when appeals were made to reigning emperors for juster treatment the apologists could confi dently refer to the pure life of the Christians as a refutation of the calumnies uttered against them, and as a proof of their being well dis posed towards the commonwealth. Athena goras, in his 'Report on the Christians,' addressed to Marcus Aurelius and Corn modus, says — 'You cannot but believe that men who keep their eye steadily fixed on God as the standard of all goodness, that they may themselves become holy and unblamable, will shrink from even the very thought of crime. If we believed only in the present life we might be suspected of serving flesh and blood, avarice and lust. But we know that by night as well as by day we have God as the witness of our words and our thoughts. We know that our God is light, and that He reads the very secrets of our hearts. We believe that after this earthly life there begins for us either a better life, or a miserable existence amidst devouring names if we have followed the example of the wicked.' Professor Schaff says — ' The Christian mora lity surpassed all that the noblest philosophers of heathendom had ever taught or labored for as the highest aim of man. The masterly pic tures of it in the anonymous epistle to Diognetus is no mere fancy sketch, but a faith ful copy from real life. When the apologists of the second and third centuries indignantly repel the calumnies of the enemies of the Chris tians, and with a confidence fearless of contra diction point to the unfeigned piety, the ear nest reverence for God, the warm brotherly love, the self-denying love for enemies, the purity and chastity, the faithfulness and in tegrity, the patience and gentleness of the con fessors of the name of Jesus, we everywhere feel that they speak from daily experience and personal observation.' Justin Martyr could boastfully say— 'We, who once served lust, now find our delight only in pure morals ; we, who once followed sorcery, have now conse crated ourselves to the eternal good God ; we, who once loved gain above all,, now give up what we have for common use, and share with every needy one; . . . we, who would have no common hearth with foreigners for difference of customs, now, since the appear ance of Christ, live with them, pray for our enemies, seek to convince those who hate us without cause, that they may regulate their life according to the glorious teachings' of Christ, and receive from the all- ruling God the same blessings with ourselves.' Tertullian could boast he knew no Christian who suf fered execution except for his religion. Such, then, was the general character of Christian life in those days. Individual cases of infidelity, bringing discredit to Christianity and dishonor to Christ, would no doubt occur, but these were so exceptional as not to greatly retard the missionary and peacefully aggressive spirit of true Christianity. The pure, joyous, and benevolent lives of the saints told power fully on the seething masses of pagan corrup tion ; and everywhere, the simple . gospel . proved 'the power of God unto salvation to those that believed.' THE GROWTH OF CHRISTIANITY. And the believers multiplied rapidly and continuously until within the. second century. 'The gospel had been preached as far east ward as Parthia and India, as far westward as Britain, as far southward as Ethiopia, and as far northward as Scythia.' Even in the time of Pliny (A.D. 120) he, as Governor of Bithynia, reported to Trajan that 'this con tagious superstition' was 'not confined to the cities, but had spread its infection among the country villages.' Fifty years later (a.d. 160) Justin Martyr gives us clear knowledge as to the growth of the Christian faith. He says : — ' There is no people, Greek or barbarian or of any other race, by whatsoever appellation or manners they may be distinguished, however ignorant of art or agriculture, whether they dwell in tents or wander about in covered waggons, among whom prayers and thanks givings are not offered in the name of the crucified Jesus to God the Father .the creator of all things.' Irenseus, a contemporary of Justin Martyr's, tells of ' wild German tribes which without paper or ink have the gospel written on their hearts by the Holy Ghost.' Tertullian wrote at the beginning of the third century (a.d. 202) in glowing terms of the spread of Christianity. In his ' Apology' he says — ' Wears a people butof yesterday,yet we have filled every place belonging to you, cities, islands, castles, towns, assemblies, your very camps, your tribes, companies, palaces, senates, forum. We leave you your temples only. We can count your armies ; our numbers in a single province will be .greater.' Add to the testimony of friends that of enemies, and you complete the proof of the wonderous growth of the Christian faith. Celsus, the clever and bitter enemy of Christianity (150 a.d.) sneeringly alludes to the reception of Christianity by ' wool workers, cobblers, fullers, the most illiterate and vulgar of rrankind, who preached the illiterate faith, and knew how to commend it to 'women and children.' This reproach that the poor had the gospel preached unto them lias ever been the glory of Christianity, but we know the gospel extended to some in 'Caesar'shousehold,1 and in later days still, near relatives of pagan emperors embraced the faith of Jesus, till Emperor Maximinus, towards the close of the empire's conflict with Christianity, declared in an edict, ' that almost all had abandoned the worship of their ancestors for this new sect.' The numerical strength of Christianity at the close of the third century is largely a matter of conjecture ; acd the result is that estimates vary from Gibbon's six millions to Robertson's twenty-four millions. Professor Schafi appears to think that twelve millions, out of the one hundred and twenty millions comprising the Roman Empire, were acknowledged Christians. This dees not appear an excessive estimate, when it is known there were 1,800 bishop3, throughout Christendom, on the occtsion of the council at Nicea in 325 a.d. If Professor Drummond 's statement 'that a Christian is the highest evidence oE Chris tianity' be true, then, the fact that Christians of pure and holy life multiplied until there were twelve millions of them, in the empire — one-tenth of the wliole^ — at the close of the third century, is surely a strong and significant fact in the ' evidences of Christianity.' Its value is not merely of a numerical character — numbers may be on the : side of error — but when such numbers represent a faith and kind of life, which transcend the highest aspirations of unaided reason, and wben such faith and life are maintained in defiance of natural inherent moral weakness, and outward pagan hostilities, there must be found a cause ade quate for such a marvellous effect. No sincere student of the phenomena of Christian life in these times can profess to satisfy an honest judgment by declaring such Divine effects can be produced from a purely human cause. It was the Divine life in the souls of these men that made them what they were, and gave them the victory over the world, the flesh, and the devil. CHRISTIANITY VERSUS PAGANTISjr. We have, therefore, another branch of ' evidence' from Christian life in the relation Christianity bore to paganism, and the sublime manner in which Christians endured persecu tion and martyrdom for the sake of the truth. It is not surprising to find paganism and Christianity arrayed against each other, with pronounced feelings of antipathy. There'could be no concord between Christ and Belial. 'The pagans,' Clement of Alexandria tells us, ' ' drank in voluptuousness through every sense. ' Even Seneca, himself a heathen, declares, ' Vice is no longer practised even'secretly, but in open view. Vileness gains on all the streets and in every breast, so that innocence has not only become rare, but. altogether extinct.' The polytheistic worship of the pagans also se parated them from the monotheistic Christian, and was an incidental cause of deepening the enmity. In the Pantheon, which contained all the gods of Rome as by law sanctioned, there was one, ' The Genius of rtome,' which represented the reigning emperor. Homage to the deified ruler was a proof of loyality, and this, the Christians could not render without violation of conscience. The refusal to pay divine homage to 'the ruling power led to the charge of 'disloyalty to the emperor.' Ter tullian answered . this with great appositeness by quoting Christ's words, 'Render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things which are God's,' In other words, said he, 'Caesar's image is on the money, therefore the money mav be fairly claimed by him. God's image is 'upon man, and He has an equal claim upon his own. Give, therefore, your money to Cicsar and yourselves to God. If all is Cse3ar's, what will remain for God ?' CALDjrSXES AGAINST CHRISTIANS. The calumnies that were freely circulated about the Christians show how heartily they were hated by the heathens. They were cnargea wiui worsmpping an ass s neaa, and eating the flesh and drinking the blood of murdered children. In their private meetings they were reported as rioting in licentious and unnatural crimes. They were called atheists, because they refused allegiance to heathen polytheism ; magicians, because of the display of miraculous powers vested in the early church; self-murderers, because they cheer fully suffered martyrdom for the truth ; haters of light, because they were compelled by perse cution to hold their meetings at night, and ia secret places. These slanders were so gene rally believed by the superstitious populace that when any national calamity occurred the Christians were at once regarded as the authors of the disaster. Tertullian writes, in the third century — ' If the Tiber overflowed, if there were famine or plague, if the seasons were dry, or cold, or scorching, whatever public calamity happened, the universal. cry of the populace was— 'The Christians to the lions !' ' No doubt the' heathen priests and those who grew rich in making idols and sustaining idol worship were inspired by antipathy to Christianity because 'their craft was in danger.' ' They knew if Christianity succeeded heathen idolatry would perish ; and as the worship of the gods was bound up with Roman State rites and duties, it was a compara tively easy thing to impress the Imperial ruler with the necessity of suppressing this new religion which threatened to undermine the very foundations of the Roman Republic. It was on these grounds mainly the Christian religion remained an illegal one until nearly the time of Constantine. PERSECUTIONS. While it was regarded as a mere sect of Judaism it was despised ; but when its universal claims were understood as involving the overthrow of national pagan worship, then the might and majesty of Roman law were brought to be*r upon Christianity with a view to its extinction. Hence the best emperors were generally the worst enemies to Christianity, Those rulers who cared more for personal ease and luxury, and less for the national welfare, were in the ' main the most lenient to Christianity; whereas such exemplary rulers as Marcus Aurelius, Dtcius, and Diocletian were most rigorous in suppressing the religion of Jesus because they deemed it inimical to the interests of the Roman State. It has been customary to speak of 'the ten persecutions' as repre senting the sum total of the violent oppo sitions offered to Christianity, and extending from the reign of Nero to Diocletian, but such a classification, though very ancient, is somewhat misleading if it is understood that persecution was only executed for ten distinct and definite periods, with intervals of absolute cessation intervening. For sometimes perse cution was very general ; at other times it was quite local. Sometimes it was violent unto death, and at other times it extended only to civil disabilities and confiscation of property. Still, the series of persecutions, endured during the period under review, furnish indubitable evidence of the vitality and power of Christi anity. 