Tales and Sketches. John Jay's Journey. A New Tear's Story. i Shall I /begin by painting John Jay's portrait ? . , . ; He was about five feet ten inches in / height, with a well-knit figure. The ^ one beauty of his face was his eyes^ /great, brown, faithful eyes, with some ? femes Buch a look in them as those you IhaVe seen in those of a high-bred, / honourable dog, quite above the small fc deceits and subterfuges of the average Ihutnan being. He had brown hair, /straight and smooth^ and a brown mous l-tache. Hie features Were tolerably Iregular, but in no wise striking, feicept in their expression. He wore Ithe look of an habitual dreamer. His ©world was not at all the world of the Ifpeople he lived among. Other suns isbone on it and other moons; and the IdreamBhe dreamed and the hopes he Sghopei were all his own. | Nature had done her best to make phim a poet, but his necessities had S|made him a journalist. He was a hard I'working, poorly paid literary hack, a/living in a hand-to-mouth fashion that PpromiBed little security for the future, f|:and gave him no time to do the work |;which would really have expressed his l/sonl. His voice was singularly musical, |but low, and his utterance was slightly fhesitating, as if he came out of a dream |to speak to you. • If. And now I have painted his portrait |?as you might have seen him the day ^before New Tear, in 1879, could you lhave looked in at a second-story front /window in a queer old house on the rEuston road, in busy London. I said a Iqneer old house, but the house was not |so qneer as its inmates. People came land went at all hourB of the day and Ipightin this dingy house. The land Slaay was a mystery. She had corkscrew purls on each side of her sallow face, Ilraming it in an ebon frame. She wore Iskimpy black gowns. Her voice was i;that of a querulous woman, but her Skipper lip bore a moustache many a Hyoung Oxonian might have coveted, and pier stride as she marched down the g'Euston road was that of a grenadier. |Sbe showed no interest as to the welfare |[of her lodgers. They paid their money; |ihe opened her doers—there the com Ip&cfc; ended. r It was a good-sized house, and as no tone had more than a single room, and jbnthe uiiper stories several people puddled mto the same room, it had {'many occupants, who came in, some of pthem, at unholy hours, and took other [people's day for their night. There jwere only two of them all with whom jJohn Jay had any acquaintance. One |was a little dressmaker, Miss Renfrew gby name—a slight, busy little person fewho occupied the first-story front, just |under John Jay's room, and whose ippen door our journalist used to pass so |oflen that he had got to feel acquainted aSwith her, and frequently would stop to Slid her good-day. Sho was what they pall an ' art dressmaker.' H John Jay's second acquaintance was lees reputable one. His name waB ■Dan'—the only name any one knew kim by—and he was a cobbler, and a drunken cobbler at that. Unlike Mr. (ay and Miss Roufew, ho seemed fitly » belong to the inodorous old house, |ith its smoll of mold blont with bad obacco, its walls which seemed always i lerspiring an unhealthy dampness, and uncertain floors, on which you topped cautiously, with an unoasy iouot as to how long they would hold -sther. 'ap, tap, tap, went Dan's busy iatnmer all day long ovor John's busy kfiad, but with the nightfall Cobbler Jan, like other creatures of the: night, Bed to stoal out of doors and prowl iJund, heaven knows where. Of ton Dough, John Jay, working Into ovor Ome article, would hoar him stumbling |p stairs; and, though ho had a hearty jffltompt for tho drunkon little man, d was yot kind- hearted oriough to •ten to see if the cobbler got safely this own door. Now and then, when ® toper hod taken a little more than •Ual, and Jay hoard him fall on tho JUrs, he would go out and pick him ';P atjd see him into his room., Drunkon ga had a lively sonso of gratitudo for :?.86 favours, and on tho strongth of *s omotion considered himsolf a friend | John Jay's, < 1 forgdt the children. They belonged in BOme way to the houBe, though nobody ever quite knew who owned them; but they were always there. They were three in number—two boys, and aj little girl who seemed to have stopped ' growing when she was not more than a baby, and yet to be pre ternatiirally old and wise. It spoke well for John Jay's heart that he Was always good to these children. It takes a holiday—Christmas, New Tear, a birthday—to emphasize a man's loneliness. On ordinary dayB John Jay worked so busily that he hardly had time to pity himself, but just of late he had very little to do, and his purse was almost empty; save one ten-pound note; with which he never parted; and the fire on his hearth was low.. The afternoon was dark with fog, and it seemed to him that the ghosts jeered at him. "We all have our ghosts—all of us who(are past our youth—and at holiday time, above all, they will have speech with us. Only John Jay had no holidaydainties to share. He sat there, in the foggy afternoon, and watched the flickering firelight—and the ghosts came—father, mother, sister, brother; all of them dear once; all of them dead now. And then in the, firelight • he saw another vision—the fairest face, as he thought, in the whole round world. There was no place which tho real Miss Florence Seyton would be less likely to enter than this second-story room, in the dingy old house in the Euston Boad, yet his fancy summoned her, and the fire light shimmered on her perfect form clad in lustrous silk, on her golden hair, and the girlish beauty of her face, at once so proud and so tender. There was a curious feeling in John Jay's head, as if some chord there had snapped, and a kind of vagueness possessed his thoughts, so that what was' dream and what was reality he hardly knew. He had eaten very little of late because of that emptiness of his purse of which I have spoken, and this may have had something to do with the uncertainty that pervaded his ideas. He saw Elorence Seyton as plainly as he saw the flickering fire near which she stood. 'Florence,' he said suddenly. He had never called her thus by her name in reality, and even the vision seemed to reBent it, for suddenly it faded, and he was: alone in the damp old room, with the smoky fire and tho tireless mouse gnawing at the wainscot. It wn8 four o'clock in the afternoon. He got up and looked down into the crowded, noisy street. Everybody was so heartlessly alive down there. School boys were coming home for the holi days. Carts, piled with holiday hampers from country cousins, were tearing along on their way from the Eastern station... Bustling people on foot buTried by, their arms full of holiday purchases. 'How happy they all look,' he said to himself. ' I'll go out and hurry along with the rest.'... lie changed his coat. The frock coat ho put on was threadbare, but it offered a certain tribute to the proprie ties of life; and John Jay was by no means an ill-looking .man as he went down tho stair nnd passed the open door of Miss Kenfovv. He had taken his purse, with' all the' money he had loft in it, and ho was bent on making a purchase or two. The night had darkened while lie mado his preparations to go out. The street, lamps winked in , the fog. Tho wind drovo the cold; sleot in ■ his faco, nnd the noises of the crowded street soomed to deafen him.... Ho prossed on to the Gower street station and took a ticket to South Konsington. ' AVkero aro you going, my man?' ho snid to himsolf, but all tho same ho know very well where ho was going. Ho got out of the train at tho South Kensington Station; and walked to a fnmiliar houso in a familiar square—a largo stately house, glowing with many lights. It was tho Soy ton mansion, tho only grand houso in London to which lioliad over boon welcomed. Ho owed his welcome thoro to some articlos ho hadWritten for an influential journal on a matter which tlio Hon. Mr. Soy ton had, much nt heart. Mr. Seyton having'' road and liked the articles, sought out tho nuthor, and asked him now and thon to his houso. I said in tho beginning that Nature had mado John Jay a poot. It is much the same, perhaps, as saying that Nature had made him a madman. At least there could have been no madder thing than his falling desperately in love with Miss Florence Seyton. He might as well have set his heart on the North Star, for any good it would do him. But you may be sure that Miss Seyton was quite aware of his devotion, and enjoyed It, I wonder if the dandle takes pleasure in burning the wings of tie moth. As John Jay walked toward the Sey ton mansion, a purpose formed itself m his mindj if indeed,- his mind were sane enough to harbour any real purpose at all. He said to himself: ' If I am admitted to Bee her to-night I will take it as an omen of good, and I will live on and struggle. If not But he did not finish the sentence even to himself. As he drew near he could see her shadow on the blind of an upper room. She was pinning something in her hair, he fancied—a deep-hearted, crimson roBe, perhapB, like one he re membered. He watched the shadow for a little while. Then he rang the bell. 'Are the ladies at home?' he asked. 1 Yes, sir; but they can see no one to-night. They are dressing for a dinner party, to which they must go early.' Mr. John Jay gave his card to the man who had thus dashed his last hope to the ground and turned away, and the sleet, grown stronger, buffeted him in the face, and the lights winked their derision at him as he hurried back to the South Kensington station. When he reached his old haunts on the Euston road he made his purchases. ' I will dine to-night,' he said to him self, ' though I sup among the shades,' and he bought at an eating-house a paper of cola meat. Then he visited a toy shop, and there he saw in a window a buncn of violets and went in for it. Thus laden he made hiB way home. The little dressmaker's door was open, as usual, and he passed in front of it. Her firewasbright,andshekneltbeforeit toasting a muffin. For the first time he noticed that she had golden hair, of just the same shade as that which crowned the proud little head of Florence Seyton. She, too, was very pretty in her way, though he had scarcely noticed that either, in the busy days gone by when his heart and his hands had both been so full: ' It's very good of you,' he said,' to keep your door open. You and your fire make the house cheerful.' ' I'm afraid I don't do it from any such motive,' she answered, looking up from her toasting with a smile. ' The chimney smokes horribly the moment the door is shut, bo I kept it open in self-defence.' ' All the same you do make it pleasanter for the rest of us, and I brought you these violets by way of saying thank you.' Miss Kenfew sprang up eagerly. She loved flowers with all her heart, and | above all flowers—violets. ' Oh, thank you!' she cried,' and I do hope you'll have a happy Now Year. "Will you stay here ?' 'No; I am going away.' 'Along way?' ' Yes, a good distance.' ' To a pleasant place ? ' ' I hope so. I nave never been there. I bolievo it is very ouiot.' ' And you go in the morning? ' ' No, to-night. I have my prepara tions to, make, so good-night, and a happy New Year.' ' To-night! ■ I hope you'll have a pleasant journey, but I wish it were a hotter night.' ' ' I shall not mind the night once that I am on the road. Good-bye.' And John Jay went on upstairs, and the '.-little' dressmaker sighed as 6ho J turned back to her toasting. She would ! fain have asked him to share hor muf fins, but she feared he had a soul above them and hor. The journalist went into his room, whore the fire he had loft burned ill-1 naturedly, and ho closed and locked the door behind him. He had eaten nothing sinco morning, and ho made away with his cold meat, washing it down with a bottle of thin ale. Then ho proceeded to inspect his other purchases. He cut the string of his brown-paper parcel, and produced, first of all, a wooden box, from which he extracted a toy village. Thero were tho farmhouse, the trees, tho smaller houses, tho sheep with their stiff tails, and tho sheep-dog to keep them in order, and there were the' farmer and the farmer's wife, dressed just as they had heen in his own boyhood. Keit he drew forth a box of tin soldiers, fragile but fierce' and with the smell of fresh paint that seemed to come to him all the way down from the far- off years when he and' his dead brother and sister played together. Foor, pretty little Min! How green the grass was on her grave when he saw it last; he had bought, for the mummy of a girl downstairs, just Buch a doll as Min used to play with, and this doll was the last thing he took from the brown- paper parcel. How carefully he set all these tilings out, arranging them to the best advantage, and, meanwhile, awakening in his heart all sorts of hap hazard old memories, as a musician striking chords at random awakens echoes of old songs; "When he had finished the arrange ment of the toys, he went to a little box, which he unlocked, and drew therefrom three letters and a faded rose. A deep- hearted, crimson rose it was, and oh. now full of sweetness on the night it fell from Florence Seyton's hair, and she had smiled as he had picked it up and audaciously fastened it in his own button-hole. The three letters were from -her. They were merely trivial notes, acknowledging I courtesies. And that was all. For a red rose and three letters he had thrown his life away. He kissed the letters one by one, with a kiss as passionate, as despairing as one presses on the lips of the dying, and then threw them into the fire. Then he took the red rose, and pressed that to his lips in its turn,, hut that he did not burn. He laid that upon his heart. He took his ten pounds from his otherwise empty purse, and put it into an envelope, and on the envelope he wrote: The money is for my funeral. The toys are for the children. And then he carefully excluded aU the outer air. He stopped the cracks about the door and the windows, and lit something in a pan, and then he knelt and said a prayer—only these words : ' If I am wrong, may God, who knows my heart and my life, forgive my sin and lead me into rest.' And then he threw himself upon his bed, and folded his arms with a long sigh, as of one tired with the day's work, who waits for sleep. And lying there in his damp clothes, strange visions kept him company. First it was Min and Ned—his sister and brother of long ago—who came out c< their graves to pass with him this New Tear's eve; and Afin said,' See he's asleepand Ned answered, ' No, he's only shamming.' But Min still thought he slept, and very softly she sang a lullaby to her doll. Then it was his mother, with her sad, tender grey eyes, who came in and said gently: ' Ah, poor fellow, he's asleep!' and bent over him, in mother fashion, and kissed his forehead, and then they went out of the room noise, lessly as a shadow. And then, oh, joy of joys! she came —the lady of his love—even she, who held his thoughts waking and his dreams sleeping, and from whom his soul was never parted—she was there in his lonely, barren room. He heard the sweep of her dress across the uncertain floor and the tread of her beloved feet. 11 have come,' she said, bending over him gently, and giving him her hands to hold. ' I have come to comfort you. I must not love you. I did uot mean to make you love me. Oh, my dear, my dear! I am so sorry for you, so sorry.' , ' Aud she knelt.beside him in this waking vision and lifted his head, which throbbed so strangely, to her breast, and the glory of her golden hair anight the firelight, and he felt her heart beat beneath his head, and then—was it her tears that fell on'his face, a gentle rain ? It was almost midnight when Dan, the cobbler, came stumbling home, less unsteadily than usual, however, for two bottles of whisky came with him. One was his Now \ ear's treat to himself and tho other he designed as a New Tear's gift to John Jay. What could ho give better than what ho himself likoa best.in tho world? As ho went by tho littlo dressmaker s room ho noticed that she >vas stall uf and sitting before-her-fire, though it was long 'past . the .hour at which she was accustomed" to put out her light. Cobbler'. Dan.: glanced in at the lonely little figure as he went by, but he did not speak*. He .went on up to his own ^room, left there one bottle of whisky and' his, battered hat, and 'came down again to, bring his offering to John Jay. He Knocked,on the. door, but there was no answer., He shook it . violently— still no response. Then down stairs he went and stood in Miss Renfew's still open. door. 'If your door's been open all along, perhaps you know whether Mr. Jay is gone out?' 'The little dressmaker did "not think it | . necessary to confess that she had kept her door open on purpose to see John Jay when ne went out, and have one more good-bye before he started on his long journey. She only said that she was quite sure he had not gone out, for he had looked in on his way upstairs, and told her that he was going off that night on a, long journey, and she had been sitting ever since where she must have seen him if he had passed by. - ' Then he can't have gone to sleep,' cried Cobbler Dan,' if he's bound for a journey! ' And with that he tore up stairs again, and made noise enough on John Jay's door to awake the seven Bleepers, one and all. But there came no response. And then Miss Renfew stole up and stood beside him, her face white with terror. An awful fore boding Lad seized her. "Was the long journey to he a very, long journey, in deed—too long for any man ever to mako twice. 'Break the door down; oh, for pity's sake, push! ' she tried, and she pressed against it with all her poor little might. Then CobblerDan Bet his strong shoulder against it also, and burst it in. And the room was full of the deadly fumes of: burning charcoal. Dan dashed across it and threw open the window. Then he and MiES Benfew glanced around them. They saw the toys so carefully arranged, and* the envelope with the few words written on it: and they saw" John Jay, with his ' head at rest upon the pillow of his bed and his hands folded upon his breast. .But they could not see the vision that kept' him company—the children that came out of the past and out of their graves to play with him; the sad-eyed mother; the radiant, golden head of the latest comer—all these companions of his journey, of] such ' substance as dreams are made of, were invisible to them, and soon they had put them all to flight. "Was it in cruelty or in mercy that they brought John Jay back from his long journey. But when he opened his eyes again, he gazed around as one who knows not where he is ; and he babbled words to which the two who watched beside him could attach no meaning. In the morn ing the doctor came, ana his verdict was "brain fever." . And he said "the charcoal business "—as he called it— was part of the disease; no man in his right mind ever dreamed of suicide. It was a hard fight, after all, for the man's life. Miss Kenfew brought her work up stairs, and watched over him all day; and Cobbler Dan kept himself as sober as a town clock, and watched over him all night; and between them they brought him through at last. All j through his illness he called Miss Ben few 'Florence.' Oddly enough, this was really her name ; and though she wondered how he could possibly have found it out, she never once dreamed that it was to another Florence that he addressed his passionate cries of love, and gratitude, and despair. She had grown to love him very dearly in those long days when it seemed to her that his very life hung on the frailest thread. ' He loves me, too,' she would say to herself, ' now that he is mad. Will he love me when he is sane again ?' That tiine came at last. It was on one of those suspiciously mild days in February, when winter masquerades as spring, that John Jay came back to the consciousness of his own existence. He looked with a sort of pathetic surprise at his thin hands. ' Bird's claws, aren't they ?' he said, holding them up to the light. 'How long have I been ill, Miss Benfew ?' 'Sirweeks; ever since New Tear's The hot blood rushed to John Jay's pale face. Suddenly he remembered the last act of his New Year's Ero— j the long journey ho had meant to take. He put out. a thin hand, and JTIorouco Hontew* took it inboth her own:; . ■ ' You saved mo,' ho said; ' I know it was you.' ■ - 'No, it was not I. It was Dan. He came to bring you a bottle of Whisky. He pounded on your door; and; when he could not make you hear, he broko it in, and then 1 came, and thon-you had brain fever,' . ' And you nursed mo ?' ' Dan and I. He took the nights and I took the days, and he has kept ns sober as a judge.' . . ' God in heaven bless you both,' John Jay said-, solemnly; and then lie turned his face to the wall, and who knows what he said or to whom ho cried ? Two days afterward he begged to see all the: letters that Iiad accumulated during his absence. They were not numerous—a few requests for copy, a tailor's circular,- a column of proof of the last work he did before his illness, and a large envelope which proved to contain an invitation from Mr., and Mrs. ' Seyton to the wedding of their daughter Florence. Over this last he lingered a little grimly; then he put it into Miss Henfew's hands.' ; ' Shv was all of it,'he Baid, with- a smile that curved his lips'but did not get as far as his eyes. . 'All of what?' ■ ' Charcoal, bram fever—all of it. She was as far out of my reach as the full moon from the child, that cries for it; and yet I loved her—desperately. Ho you know I've thought you were she all these weeks past? Haven't I called you Florence?' ' Yes,' said the little dressmaker, and she forced her. quivering lips to smile, and turned her eyes away. 'Yes, but Florence is my name, and I thought you had found it out Bomehow.' • Two weeks after that John Jay had got down stairs, and he was sitting by Ifiss Eenfew's fire, and she was toasting muffins, just as she had been on Hew Year's eve, only this time the muffins were for John, and he professed' him self as hungry as a hunter. ■ "When he had eaten.his fill she still sat on the low stool before the fender, and the firelight glowed on' her gleam ing, golden hair. John Jay put out his hand and touched it. 'It is pretty hair, Florence, as pretty as hers was—and the same wild roses come and go in your cheeks. And your voice is as soft as hers." And your heart—ah! I think your heart has a place for me in it, and hers never had. I believe it was you whom I loved all the time, and I thought it was she, because I did not know. "Will you be content with my poor man's lot, and lore back my love, you best, last Flo rence ?' The gentle eyes that looked up to him in the firelight's glow filled with tears, and the low voice said: - ' Do you want me, really ? Fhave loved you from the first. But, oh, don't make a mistake. For pity's sake, do not give me your life because you thiuk I have saved it.' Two firm hands clasped heis then, and John Jay's honest, dog-like eyes looked into hers steadily. 'No,' he said, 'I think my fever burned that old, foolish, unreturned love to white ashes. I am all and always yours, if you will have me.' And, after all, John Jay mado a long journey, for he brought his wife across the seas to America, and there was room for them here, and to-day John Jay is managing editor of a certain New York daily newspaper. Can you j guess wiricli ? -Louis Chandler Houl | ton, m the Argonaut. * Is there anything queerer than a queer question?' asks a correspondent. It strikes us that the questioner is the queerest. 4 Jaixes, do youlovoyourtristcr r' 4 Yes, sir.* 4 Well, show rne how you love her.' The boy stood still not knowing what to do. 4 James, how do I express ray love for your mother ' Oh, you give her some bank notes, but I ain't got any.' Sin. W. Mattieu Williams oneo witnessed a display of drunkenness among 300 pigs, 1 elder which had been given a barrel of spoiled < beny wine ullatonce with their swill. 4 Their behaviour,' he says, 4 was intensely human, exhibiting all the usual manifestations of jolly good fellowship, including that advanced stage where a group were rolling over each other and grunting affectionately in tones that were very distinctly expressive of swearing good fellowship all round. Their reeling nud .staggering, and the expression of their features, all indicated that alcohol had the same effect on pigs as on men; tliat under its influence both stood precisely on the same zoological IcrelJ 