OUR SYDNEY LETTER. (From our own Correspondent..) THE opening of the splendid block of buildings erected for the Y.M.C.A., at the corner of Pitt and Bathurststreets, is the most recent and the most noticeable event in the Sydney religious world. The outlay has been .£40,000. During the opening services, an effort was made to raise another £5,000 in addition to what was previously done, and from the liberal gifts headed with £1,000, from Mr. Durham, I have no doubt the sum aimed at will be realised. At the meeting of delegate* from the different colonies, South Anstralia was worthily represented by Hon. D. Murray, Mr. T. W. Fleming, and Mr. A. Walker, the secretary of your Y.M.C.A. These gentlemen received a very hearty welcome, and added much to the enjoyment of their brethren. At the meeting of delegates it was resolved to send an urgent request to Messrs. Moody and Sankey to visit the colonies. Arrangements were also made for utilising the visit of Dr. Guinness, so as to promote the mission work undertaken by the Association, with premises so thoroughly adapted to the work, and the opportunity which Sydney presents, we shall expect a good record from our Y.M.C.A. Next to the Y.MC.A. comes Dr. Jefferis, whose SUNDAY EVENING LECTURES in Pitt-street Church have often attracted considerable attention, but we venture to say the latest is the most popular. Dr. Jefferis has spoken to audiences varying from 2,000 to 2,500 every Sunday evening since the 23rd of August, when he began his present course on "Spinster Life." The subjects chosen have been "Friends," "Leisure and Pleasure," "Dress and Adorning," "Conversation and Gossip/' "Books and Fiction,"Sisters and Sisterhoods," "Bethrothaland Bridal." The lectures have been published in extenso in the newspapers, and have formed the subject of general conversation at the various lunch tables on Monday. While speaking last Sunday evening of " Conversation and Gossip " a well- merited rebuke was administered to our members of Parliament for the scandalous manner in which they have spent the time since Parliament met in personal vituperation. These Sunday evening gatherings are undoubtedly a moral force of no mean influence in the community. Speaking of Dr. Jefieris naturally leads me to think of the Congregationalists. THE ANNUAL MEETINGS OF THE UNION are fixed for the week beginning October 18th. There are no burning questions to the front, but the consideration of the ways and means in connection with the serious deficit in the Church Extension Society's account must cause the churches some anxiety. The Rev. W. Mathieson, B.A., is chairman, and from him a good address may be expected. The Rev. J. F. Cullen is to introduce the subject of "Churchservices: how to conduct them and how to give the congregation a larger share in the public worship." Several new arrivals will be introduced to the chairman, amongst others the Rev. D. Jackson, of Hunter's Hill, Rev. J. Whyte, M.A., Newcastle, and Rev. J. Buchan, M.A., Pyrmont. These three brethren have come fro~ Scotland, where they made full proof of their minis' by many years of active and successful service. T arrival here is hailed as a distinct gain to the work power of the church. SPEAKING or SCOTCH MINISTERS reminds me of an address which the Rev. Robert D is reported to have made at the anniversary of t Petersham Congregational Church, where he said tt many a Congregational Church in Scotland,! w membership nad never exceeded a hundred, had forth ten or twelve ministers, either to the hom the foreign field. Besides supplying her own wants Scottish Congregational Church, born in the evange revival at the beginning of the century, had sent £. a large proportion of the European staff of th&JLandon; Missionary Society, while more Scottish Congregational ministers laboured in England than in Scotland. With the Australian Churches, baptised anew pj the Holy Ghost and filled with holy enthusiasm, tnere ought to be a more ample supply of young men willing to consecrate themselves to the gospel ministiy. THE WESLEYAN MINISTRY has been the subject of a leading article, and no small amount of correspondence in the Intercolonial Christian Messenger. Twelve years ago, there were 118 ministers in New South Wales and Queensland, of these fourteen have died, fifteen have become supernumeraaies, and fourteen have resigned, total 43. This immense loss of working power, the writer attributed to overwork. He further stated that the affairs of the denomination were managed by young men with a short ministerial experience. THE BAPTIST UNION has just completed its annual session. During the year two new churches have sprung into existence, and £1,100 have been placed to the credit of the building fnnd. The Rev. F. Hibberd's address on the " Person of Christ " was able and opportune. In consequence of the illness of Rev. G. Campbell, who intended to deliver one of the Christian Evidence Society's lectures, Mr. Hilbberd re-delivered his address as one of the society's lectures. Parliamentary affairs are at a standstill. Volumes of abusive talk consume the time, and leave no opportunity for work even if the members had a mind for it. The sooner the parliament is dissolved the better, and if not dissolved it will happily expire in November, i, 