THE V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. [Br Tbumpatob.] With Malua, Commotion, Sardius, and Newstead thrown out of work through acci dent the recognised equine cracks of Aus tralia were not well represented at the V.R.C. Meeting just over, and although several records were broken the competitors, taken all through, did not compare favourably with those of former years. Nordenfelit's performance in the Melbourne Cup stamps him one of the best three-year-olds Australia has ever seen, but the rest of the colts and fillies of that age which ran at the meeting are very moderate, if 1 except, perhaps, Winchester and Thunderbolt, who both suffered from want of condi tion. Trenton's victories in the weight-for age races and bis creditable third in the Cup were very satisfactory to me, as I picked this eon of Musket and his relative Norden feldt out as the best horses at Flemington soon after my arrival from Adelaide. That Trenton would have earned the title of weight- for-age champion against Commotion and Sardius is extremely doubtful; but he is a horse that may improve a good deal before the season is over. The two- year olds Me not a very high-class lot, and I feel pretty safe in predicting that we did not see the Derby winner of 1886 at Flemington last week. Backersof doublesare already nibbling at Blairgowrie, but he iB not bred like a Derby colt, and 1 shall be surprised if be improves much between now and the spring of next year. On the first day the Melbourne Stakes was surrounded with great interest, inasmuch as Trenton, Sheet Anchor, Promethus, Mozart, and Ringmaster were in the field, and the race was considered likely to give a good fine for the Cup. Three-year-olds seldom win this stake, but backers of Ring master argued that the good oneB are generally kept for the Derby, while Trenton, Sheet Anchor, & Co. could hardly be reckoned as the equals of Malua or Commo tion. This theory may apply as a rule, but I have seen a good three-year-old like Woodlands beaten in the race, and his conqueror, Robin son Crusoe, was not supposed to be suited by a mile and a quarter course. Wheatear just squeezed home from Wellington in Zulu's year, but Le Grand failed in 1883, and altogether the history of the race pointB to the old horseB being successful in five caseB out of six. On this occasion the race was I reduced to Sheet Anchor and Trenton, the J New Zealander winning easily at the finish, after Robertson had given him a good rousing up below the distance. There were a bad lot in the Hotham Handicap, none of the Cup horses caring to risk a penalty, and Lesbia secured a clever victory from the non-stay-1 ing Mentmore, while Signor, after looking all over a winner quarter of a mile from home, I shut up in the straight, and only just saved | third place. The Agent did not win the j weight • for - age Hurdle Race as easily as was expected, but instead of Dura tion fighting it out with him it was left for Gasalier to chase the little chesnut home from the turn. This was the only race secured by Read's stable during the meeting, and the backers of the red-and-black stripes must have had a very bad time. The Mari byrnong Plate field did not include any youngsters likely to play an important part in the classic events of X88G-7. Blairgowrie is a handsome chesnut that took the fancy of backers as a likely Derby colt, but he is not bred like a Bt&yer;, and 1 doubt if he will im prove much with time. Chesham, another good-looking colt, being by Grand Flaneur out of Lady Chester, iB more to my fancy as a horse of the future, and Dividend and Trojan are a pair that will always pay their way, though they may never prove real smashers. Of the fillies Maddelina was the finest, and | but for her sour head she would be a beauti ful mare. Acme is a picture of symmetry and beauty, but rather on the small side; and of the other ladies I liked Louisa Berta, a good-looking brown, with her sire Darri well's even temper and gameness. The race was a gift to Acme, who fairly spreadeagled her opponents; and if she had not run again the daughter of Chester and Princess Maud would take rank as one of the best and truest fillies ever seen under colours. She seems to have her peculiarities, however, and runs very differently in HaleB's hands to | when she is being steered by a boy. Madde lina, too, has a preference in the matter of ridere, and will do more for Weazel than she will for any one else. She stayed the journey right out, and beat Louise Berta and Blairgowrie in the last 100 yards, though Robertson seemed to me to leave off riding on Blairgowrie at the finish. Dividend ran a good, honest colt, but Trojan did not seem to like the mud, for he was never in the hunt. The victory of Acme waB a great throw in for backers, but if Maddelina had got home there would have been joy in the book makers' camp, as the filly cut up so badly when tried with Trojan that she was not ] backed for a penny afterwards. The time was very fast considering the weather, and with Acme and Philip Augustus to represent him Mr. White will be as dangerous as ever in important two-year-old stakes. Nordenfeldt won the Derby, but instead of winning easily, as he should have done, the stable preference for Uralla very nearly re sulted in the race falling to First Chester. The Hon. J. White hoped to the last that Uralla would win, and instead of going to force a pace for her companion, Hales rode the filly a waiting race. Deprived of the assistance of his jady stable companion, Nordenfeldt had nothing to make a pace for him, and if Quin had not rushed to the front on Isonomy and cut out the work the favourite would certainly have been beaten. Isonomy led from the bridge to the entrance to the straight, and his hackers felt very happy when they saw him striding round the turn to all appearances going as strong as a lion; but at the distance he was caught by Nordenfeldt and First Chester, and in a few strides his chance was gone. First Chester then looked all over a winner; but young Re so a made his run a little too early, and tiring as they came on Norden feldt would have beaten the long-legged bay easily if he had not been interfered with by his distressed opponent. Hangingouttowards the Stand First Chester seemed to me to cannon the favourite twice, and fifty yards from home it looked impossible for Nordenfeldt to win; but he is a horse of extraordinary courage, and answering like a tiger to Ellis's last call, he just shot past the outsider on the post and won by a head. The closeness of the struggle satisfied the opponents of Musket's great son that Nordenfeldt waB only a commoner after all, but subsequent running haB proved that had the race been truly run Mr. White's colt would have settled the claims of his opponents in the moBt decisive manner. Winchester and Thunderbolt may possible stretch his neck when the Hon. W. Robinson sends them to the post fit, but on Saturday week Norden feldt was far and away the best colt stripped for the Derby, and had the stable given him the assistance of Uralla to make running the result of the Derby would never have been in doubt. There were only six horses backed for the Coburg Stakes, and they provided the places, Bohemian, who seldom fails when carrying the stable money, winning cleverly from Lantern, who ran a good horse under his heavy weight. Cup-day was very like other Cup-days. To a Pressman it is the most disagreeable day in the year, and we all feel thankful when it is over and we can look forward to the quiet enjoy ment of the Thursday and Saturday. There was not nearly so much display in the matter of dresses as used to be the case a few years ago, hut the Lawn and Stand presented a very brilliant appearance, and every one was there. It is the holiday of the year in Aus tralia, and no Salvation Army or Yonug Men's Christian Association demonstrations can affect the attendance. From ail parts of the colonies and New Zealand people who can afford the luxury of the trip flock to assist at the Cup, some making the visit annually, and others coming at rare intervals, just to see what the world-renowned Fleming ton is like on its grand field-day. The crowd gathered in the Stand and on the Lawn is a wonderfully well-dressed one, and there is an air of affluence about the whole thing. If those people who don their best clothes and flock to Flemington on Cup-day represent the "poor publin" who are continually being commiserated with on account of their Iobsbb to the Ring, one would be Inclined to think that, judping by outward appearances, the stray fifties and hundreds tney contribute cowards the support of the bookmakers will sot affect them to any great extent. What a pity some reliable definition of the word " pubuc"as it applies to backers of race horses is not arrived at. Does it mean out siders, who, knowing nothing more concerning racing and the betting market than they read in the papers or see at an occasional race meeting, and invest their money on some horse for which they may contract a fancy; or are large backers,intimately connected with different "stables, who gamble heavily when of a "good thing," to come they are advised under the heading as well? Judging by my experience of racing there are backers who know nearly as much about what goes well in the market and on the training-ground as the bookmakers, and are quite sb well able to take care of themselves. When a horse like Newstead goes wrong suddenly they suffer oc casionally, because they have calculated upon the horse seeing a shorter price, and have re frained from retailing their monev to out siders until a better opportunity offers itself —that is, they have delayed selling their stock for a better market, and the unex pected collapse of the horse ruins their chance of standing their money to nothing or clearing at a profit. There are many people of this stamp who follow racing from year to year without coming to much harm. They are backers and not layers, but I hardly count them among tbe racing public. They are pro fessionals almost in the same degree as the bookmaker. The Hon. J. White evidently does not rank them among the public, ana hence his dislike to run Nordenfeldt for their money in the Derby; but in this case the general body of backers would have suf fered by the scratching of the favourite, as he was entrusted with tons of genuine public money after the A. J.C. Meeting, the "public" taking the money from the professional hackers at retail price. In the same way nearly all the money sunk over Newstead was lost by a few large speculators who got 1 on early in anticipation of laying off their money at a short price. The outside public lost stray fivers through backing the colt in doubles with Cup favourites, ana as only one favourite can win the many-headed were not much out of pocket over Newstead so long | as Nordenfeldt won the race. Doubtless the majority of tbe big backers also shifted their i money on to Nordenfeldt when the Lockleys colt gave way in Mb work, and altogether the bookmakers who fielded fairly were as hardly struck as they well could be over a race which saw more betting than any previous Derby decided at Flemington. A great deal has been said and written about this having been such an exceptionally bad year for hackers, because of so many favourites going wrong. But how many of these early favourites would have won if they had lived ? Supposing Commotion, Coronet, and Sardius had remained sound, does it now seem a certainty that either of the three could have run the Melbourne Cup under 3 min. 291 sec.? The chances are that, as far as the publican concerned, a great deal of money was saved by their going wrong early in the day. I thought Helene had a great chance of winning the Caulfield Cup, but after all her owners were probably the only sufferers by her death, as Grace Darling's second in the Melbourne Cup shows her to be one of the veiy best mares ever saddled in Australia, ana under no circumstances could she have been beaten. However, these remarks hardly bear upon the proceedings at Flemington on Cup-day. Isonomy met a very weak field in the Railway Stakes, and got back a little of the money he cost his party in the Railway Stakes; but in his subsequent essayB he showed very poor form, and either that 2 min. 41 sec. time was not correctly timed or the colt has gone off since. Maddelina romped home in the Kensington Stakes, and was then sold to Mr. W. A. Long for 620 guineas. Brigand in all his career has never looked as well as he did when stripped to run for the Hurdle Race, and with Corrigan up it did look as though the little son of Conrad would win. Unfortunately when run ning well his weak leg gave way altogether, ana it was left for another South Australian to win in hollow style; but, unfortunately, Ruby was not backed, and the Adelaide division thus missed a rare opportunity of making a haul. Ruby had been working so badly on the track that O'Brien thought she had lost all form, and consequently she went out friendless, although with Dan O'Brien up she had been jumping well in private. Then came the Cup, but as this great event has been fully described in the Observer, I shall not trouble my readers with many details. From tbe home turn there was a magnificent struggle between four, and in the end Sheet Anchor beat Grace Darling a head, with half that distance between the mare and Trenton, and Nordenfeldt was not more than a neok behind Trenton. With such a large field start ing luck had a deal to do with the result, and, good horse though he is, I think Sheet Anchor's was a very fortunate win. Grace Darling was unable to get a clear run until nearing tbe distance, and both Trenton and Norden feldt were a good deal hampered at different parts of the race. Sheet Anchor, on the other hand, was never interfered with at any part of the two miles, O'Brien taking up a position on the inside at the abattoirs and keeping there to the turn,(when the leaders swung out and enabled him to come through clear of everytMng, Grace Darling followed the Ballarat horse on the rails, but for a long time she could not get outside Minerva, ana whereas Trenton came rigbt outside bis field Nordenfeldt got badly placed at the turn and thus lost ground.^ The winner is another of the St. Albans tribe, and his creditable per formance in the Australian Cup made me write very favourably of his chanee when Bumming up the probabilities of tbe race, and_ fortunately I knew that tbe;e was no justification for his being knocked back to 100 to 3, and so kept him in my lot to supply the winner until the day of the raee. Mr. Loughfin wins a large stake, and Corrigan comes in for £7,000; but many of the Ballarat people preferred Britisher at the finish, and iaid off their Sheet Anchor money. Several Adelaideans won over the race, but one well known owner had £2,500 about the horse and got rid of it after Britisher beat him at home. Very few of the Ring men escaped laying the doable Nordenfeldt and Sbeet Anchor, and outside the stable the money has gone into the hands of small backers who knew nothing of the stable's liking for Britisher. Although | beaten, Nordenfeldt accomolished tbe best; performance ever yet credited to a three year-old in this race, and Trenton very nearly won a big stake for New Zealand. His subsequent running favoutB the supposition that this horse J should have won, and in future handicaps we will probably see that tbis is Mr. Bar nard's opinion. Grace Darling ran a great J mare, as she got off badly and was blocked in until the straight was reached. Of the others, Minerva looked very like furnishing a j great boil over until Sheet Anchor shot ufi to ier, hut after the up-country mare there was a wide gap, fully six lengths separating Lesbia from the five who had fonght ont the finish. Liverpool ran an utter brute, and his is another instance of the folly of ^trusting to flash time gallops done on the training ground. The weight of a horse's shoes makes a wonderful difference in his time on the same track, and, as I wired your readers, Liverpool always wore very light plates in his work. At the same time the chesnnt should have run better than he did, and perhaps he will improve later in the season, unless, as I his V.B.C. Handicap running suggests, he is a cur. However, 1 am inclined to think that none of the Hon, W. Robinson's team were anything like fit at the late meeting, and they may run better in March. Despot was never in the hunt, and the same may be said of Kit Nubbles and Stornaway; but Brown-and Rose, Cerise-and Blue, Metal, and 3t. John all ran well until the home turn was reached, and then the superior quality of Trenton, Sheet Anchor, Nordenfelt, and Grace Darling beat them. „ The Nursery Handicap wasa gift to Yellow Jacket, one of those good things which Mr. Long occasionally serves up tor the benefit of himself and friends. The colt was beaten out of a place at Caulfield, but here hie friends took 5 to 2, and the issue was never in doubt, the colt having his Bold beaten from the fall of the flag. The Yan Yean Stakes was another moral, Mr. Barnard having taken an extra ordinary lenient view of Mernmus recent TUBningy and placed the stake at his mercy. These handicapping mistakes are very nice for backers who want to make a plunge; bat it iB very hard on consistent but unlucky animals like ChuekBter and Lavington that a horse like Merrimu should win three times in a month before being raised above 8 st. The weather on the off day wm disagree able, and the sport very poor. Winchester won the Maiden Plate in a cantenbnt layers of odds came to grief in the Flying Stakes, as Acme would not gallop a yard for her 6-st. boy, and was beaten ont of a place. This was a regular facer for backers; but the little boys were riding against a gale of wind, and it is no wonder they could make nothing of their mounts. Blairgowrie had the assistance of Flanagan, one of the Crackned order of jockeys, and with this advantage in hw favour he won from Maddelina, whose boy could give her no assistance at the finish. The time was very slow, and if Lantern had started he would probably have won. ihe Steeplechase was a thorough farce. Not knowing that Denmark was on the verge of a breakdown the owners of Bob Cooper, Mernder, and Lady Ashton pulled out, thinking it useless to chase the crack. Den mark appeared with both forelegs^ tightly bandaged, and to these bandages his inability to jump was probably due. At all events he jumped like a sheep, and was down twice in the first mile. Banker and Tnckett, two very had horses, also fell, but the latter was soon remounted and won; but he went the wrong course and lost the race. Banker, who got the stakes, belongs to Mr. George Watson, and of course his victory was popular; but many people de clare ne missed a fence, and the Denmark party are gnashing their teeth because they did not know of the circumstance m time to protest The Adelaide division went for tst. I John with a will in the Spring Handicap, but Cerise-and-Blue proved a deal too good for him, and Mr. Oxenham, her owner, landed a good stake. Although there was no pace in the Royal Park Stakes this mattered not to Trenton, who beat the tnree year-olds home for pace, and private timeists Bay the Maori crack ran his last 5 furlongs in 1 min. 4 sec. Hales kept Uralla going all the way in the Oaks, and nothing being able to get to her she had no chance to throw np the sponge and put her backers in a hole. Backere were again on the spot in the Veteran Stakes, Britisher and Cerise and-Blue running first and second; but had Grace Darling stood up she would certainly have had something to say at the finish. Ihe accident which brought Grace Darling, Don caster, Kingship, and Comet to grief resulted in the death of Doncaster, but none of the riders were hurt. , _ . , The weather was beautiful on Saturday, and there was another large attendance. Uralla's exhibition in the Produce Stakes must have disgusted her few remaining friends and convinced them that she is a thorough jade. Ringmaster also ran badly, and with both the favourites retiring below the distance Bemus was able to score a clever win for Mr. S. G. Cook. The Flem ington Stakes saw the talent rush on to Bepose, who was thought to he another Yellow Jacket. Threeorfour horses, suchas The Ghost, The Israelite, and Repose, had been popularly supposed to be in waiting for a handicap, and directly the stable put their money on Repose there was such a demand for the filly that she came to 3 to 1. Crossfire, another of Mr. Long's youngsters, was at 4 to 1, while the public performer Damocles stood at 6 to L Tho favourites were never dangerous, and after a Brand set to between Damocles, Dividend, and Tele phone, the Morphettville-bred one scored by a neck. Damocles iB a verygftme colt anda good-looking one, but Mr. W. IS. Dakin teilB me he will not etay, though he has hopes of another of the colts he got at Sir Thomas Elder's sale proving equal to taking honours in next years Derby. There was a capital field for the V.R.C. Handicap, and the value of the Cup winner was further en hanced by Sheet Anchor making a gallant bid for victory under his big burden of 9 fit. 7 lb., at the distance it looking My odds on the big horse, but Brown- and-Bose finished with great resolution and catching the top weight 50 yards from home she beat him a length. Liverpool figured in this race, and after lying second at the turn he shut up and finished absolutely last. The reputation of the Ballarat stable made Morven a 2 to 1 chance for the Steeplechase, but he could never go the pace which Bob Cooper Bet the field after Lady Ashton came to grief. The brown son of Poledari jumped splendidly, and the rate he took them over the fences in the straight caused them to fall in all directions, only five being left on their legs when the stone wall was crossed. Bob hdd his lead until after jumping the last fence, bnt in the run home he had to give way to Lizette, a mare that can stay every inch of 3 miles, no matter how hot the pace may be. Native ran weli, but Morven jumped indifferently, and never succeeded in getting on terms with the leaders. The result of the Canterbury Plate doeB not, in my opinion, prove that Trenton is better than Nordenfeldt at weight for age over a distance of ground, but they ran the last mile and a naif very fast, and Trenton's victory is another proof of his bad luck in missing the Melbourne Cup. Nordenfeldt bad to make his own running, Trenton lying off to the turn, when he ran np to the colt, and Robertson took care to come on the whip hand, so that Ellis had to ride home without the use of his flail. The finish was highly exciting, Trenton only beating the "bulldog" by half a neck. Isonomy, who was ridden by Power, made a good run in the straight, but he died away again. The Free Handicap—Recovery Stakes, "Augur" savs it should be called—gave backers a splendid opportunity of Bruiting the enemy, as that wonderful pony, Ceriseand-Blue, was let off with 7 st. 5 lb., despite her performances on Thursday. Lavington and The Agent were fairly in, but Cense-and-Blne looked splendid busi ness, and before the fall of the flag she was backed down to 2 to L The little mare never gave her backers any cause for alarm, as she sailed away at the entrance to the straight and won as she liked from the Agent, who just beat Iralee for second place. This concluded the meeting at Flemington, but the "Carnival" does not end nntil Williamstown has been dis tosed of. 