-£ueer People and Queer „., ' Places. »M«i ^By 'Orao.' . ? I. Three Hours at Woogaroo. V-HHVJO'I ' ? Hj.vvyiynis^J.r been to a luaatio asylum F If not, come writhjus. Tho day is Saturday, the mouth OatobV-r-!-1-the liroo when the Queensland aummar has j uat lvffc spring behind. A midday tniin takes us to Uoodna, a soattored hamlet. ? dotted hero ^nfl there with houses, boasting of a eiiras-imilt olmrbu, -and peopled by a sparce population, nwlaly supported by the institution we ura about to inspect It has two hostelries and one nxaui, atrent. Passing along this thoroughfare; you do not like the BinoU — well, it is not plcEsant. A log-built, dilapidated bo-lir^-rlowTi establishment adjoins the only I)'.' .''..?;: 'a -^nop;'1 And 'ho aroma therefrom is an? thing butajipotisir.g. To the rear of the main streit, on a urimmandiug emiuenco are the 12 blociLj of builfliags whioh form tho ohlef asylum for iuo inBnuu ?-£ this colony. There aro six ?wards for mal99 and Bix for females, and occupying n. cantrnl position aro the residonoes of Dr. Seholeu the medical superintendent, Dr. Hogg, his assistant, the chief warder, and the ohiet steward. Besides these thero are matron's oott'ig*, the rooking ;uid laundry establish ments, the surgery, and office, and the bakety. Wiieu app70.1r.hing the group from the railway station, the saw tniil, oirpentera' shop, and 'wood-ouniug yard occupy a considerable area to tho rigut, soparated from the main buildings by the road, and reservoir. On tho loft lead ins.' down to tho Brisbane Hirer is an extensive jrardon, tilled nnd tended by the patients, the rivor itself ? terming u picturesque, but rather dangerous, boundary. It would be difficult to £uu a more healthy or suitable site than the 243 sores en which the group of buildings forming iuensylmustiunid. Besidesthis acreage, attached ?to the' institution aro 500 acres for pastu age purposes, and at present the cemetery reserve of 591 acres k used for grazing. Ascending a well-kept drive, the doctor's residence id reached. nrA. with him for a guide, tho iu speotion in bogus. He nrsc drives us to the Hill Division, thu furthermost section of the whole. This consist * of two wards, oocupied by luale palieiitu described as 'quiet and olcaaly.' ,. , Xiiere are two buildings, of red brick, faced with white. One is one storied, the other two. Both stand on a spaci ous allotment, fsneed in with high railings. Tha ouo-Btoriod builriing is used solely as a dormitory, the ground floor of the other being the dining-room daily, and the dancing-room ?02 all occti'dons when this pastime is indulged in, and that in not less frequent than on every -alternate Wednesday .night. A brawny warder admits us through the gate. The scene is not unpleasant. To the right is a well kept i-r«-s plot, dotted with flower beds, which, not-withe'wdmg th« severe drought, which is as ssverely felt at Gondna as anywhere eke in Southern Queensland, is spangled with flowers of (ii&x;&g; .- colours and species. The beds themselves ato without a footmark, thus showing that tho pitients, a portion of whose TeoroKtiou jiround this is, have the oredit of being quiet if not cleanly. Several rows of hesIfhy-lnokiTisr Mvraton Bay fig trees, with their bright duop trreen foliage, relieve the eye after its forced familiarity with tho bro«vn mid withered sameness of the perhhinp c~ass. On the left is a huge tuft of foliago. and .to tlio' roar of that tho bowling green. Kot a, patient is to be Been. The dormi tory, consinivjjr.oi sc-yeral compartments, U de sertea. Tha /rows . oi beds are all prepared with the bixklothiug half -turned over the whole length of tho bod, th;w allowing an observer to sea *?t a sfianoft its condition of cleanliness, ^'l the. liedclotnbs. are spotleosly oloan, so are tho floors and walls. Ventilation receives gpecisl atteurjon. At a distance of every few feot in i!io outside walls is a twelve inch v-viJW, extending almoBt from o&iliag; to floor. These turn on h centre pivot, and when open leavo a.space five.inches wide — sufficiently ma-tow to .prevent the. escaps of the most diminutive '-patient. 7 ,,r .Relieving the dulness of ttie walls '.are. .cheap' prints and' engrav- irigo, t'.kca -*irora' the illustrated- pipers an4 framed-^ jin .. the carpenter's shop l«te?mir .'*to.,i(the ? fiistitution. ., Here and those i- a 'bed. on' the floor. They belong to pjtie-at-.- . more inibject ;, to. that most baneful of all firms.!.of_lunacy— epilepsy. Frequently th'M unformfFafces tire seized without a Hionwit'e wnruincr, whether in bed or else where, and by li'ivmj.- the bed on tho floor the risk of danger from failing is avoided. There is a tenet- within a- fence, and inside this enclosure at the timo oi,t!ie visit are tho 90 patients who occupy iMs' dWiflon. On passing the gate tlie i sci-ao' chancres. Men of all uges, sizes, and descriptions -harmlessly rr.ad— are rolling ou tl'! ki» ground, walking around the place, or lolling against the trees. The doctor is greeted Tjy a tnlt, burly, blaok-hairod fellow, in thu p'vroe-of life, by, a.storm of; profanity and bad language whichValmoat makes one's flesh creep. 'With a kindlys word, a few jooular questions, and a shake of i be hand, the doctor replies to the curses ;uid anathemas with which he is as-ailed. A kind of ruild ezcitoment is noticeable in tho left hand eonuc. of tha inner enclosure. It is earned by the.'.batbtag.-. of the patients. The bathroom is reached through a dressing- room wlioh is now uncomfortably filled with patients ? busily uudresang for, ariddressing after, thvir bath It ia a.perieot Bnbel. Men are shout ing and jabbering1,: -and seem bo satisfied with their lo1., as to make one not at all surprised at Dryden's Sptinish friar exelaimiug, ' There is a pleasure iri being, mad, wbioh none hut mad mfaknow.' Inside the bathroom are four fcugp/jatha. While we stay one is not empty foe Wo minutes.-: A coupla of warders are busy superintending these ablutionary opera tions, but in'many cases their fervices are not required , the bathers appearing as sane in the way of cleaning themselves sb uuy of their guar dians. More than that, they eeem to enjoy themselves with sohool-boy delight. This bath ia i:umpalsory once a week, and follow ing it comes a ohango of clothing. Compnl Bory measures, however, are seldom reported to, as tho greater number of these patients indulge in these immersions as frequently as opportunity nflords. We did not remain long — th» «mell was not alluring : but bnfore leav ing, it was impossible not to be impressed with the — physically, of course — healthy and fleshy condition of the men. No sign of skin disease aud no sign of starvation. Another walk aorom the yard takes us to the dining room tnd dormitory. Before pancing in, a group sv.TTOTrads hb for a pasning word, with, and gmsp of the hand by the genial doctor. He calls first one and thon another by rame pet name, and in the course of oouvenatioa one poor follow gives leaven of his hifltory— hirf place of birth, his marriage, and Ilia misfortunes ; another making the most of hiij opportunity, asks for a 'nobbier' of ruin and a stick of tobacco, and when prontieed that hio ueoire »h*U'be satisfied on the morrow, re plies with a sanity somewhat surprising, 'There's no time like the present, Dootor.' E»eu thu iiiuuh ubusod Sumuel Walker Griflith ?doeo not escape. His name.cropn up, but he ie not oalumniated. A middle aged man, speak ing with an accent met with in the agricultural oouulics oI/'-Herts, - Beds, nnd Bucks, clnim* to havo been tlie cause of ' Mr. Griffith's great ness, bolli as a Q.O. and1 a politician: Let us enter tho dining-room, a spacious,' well lightud, well ventiUted, and plninly fnr nlshod apartnieut. It posseHsuH no Bpcciui feature «:«re its cleanliness. Upstiiirs is a cor Toapondin^ room used as a dormitory, and it may bo here stated that all bedsteads — of iron and hiuipio in construction— bods, and bed oijiaing, aro mune on the premises by the patients, in the corridor, roared on end, in a long woden vut-: it J technical name need not be givon, itia uudcl to boil tho bedsteads in as a -.prcen'irionary measure againet vermin. The cor iridor dividci) the muiii dormitory and a row of Binglo rooms. -These aro given to patients who mo.it require. thom— ^the aged and the most bus ooptible to epilepsy. ' The hash houxn must not be forgotten b^fore.leaying this Bection. It is of tho .vi-Jiuary kinol.'ered'ea, ornamented, and stocked l-y the paUento, . under tho supervision of the wimtes.y'lt is fairly well stoclied with plants, tmd'tT-o 'patient^ tuke enough interest lit it» w«U bfcinK to remind them of its exist «noe whsn they arc at work in tho bush. They often ixiinsfiir' botiihicul Bpccimens from ?flio wilda of tho Vuah to thu shelter and thndo of Uio bu»h hna*o, and ovinco particular con jjorn in tho tatiiro w-llato of thoir foundlinga. The r.ext blot-It if buiMing.n visited wua tho -sool£i)fT and laundry. - All cooking ?is_dono by one oi iSkiihiiia and Son's steam cooking appa jatus tho most complete ofits' hind oxtaut There aro six vast stoves, mirroundcd with steam pipes, -tho influx1 nnd reflux of stonm at almost uuy degree of ttunparature being regu lated by the simple turn'ug of a nundle. Another range of tho ordinary kind runs aarosa the top pn'I of the kitchen, aud there xrranged in convenient places aro the necessary uteui-ilB. Auothcr great oonvoniesco is an iron oarving table, underneath whioh aro several closets which o»n, with the surface of the t«blo, to heated to any degree at tho will of the osrver, thus ensuring the warmth of tho food whtin it leaves the cookery. There is, of course, a chief cook, and ho is assisted by a sufficient number, of patients to satisfactorily serve out 1,800 meals a day. . Adjoining tho coo'uory is the laundry, and to tho roar of both the boiler and the steam engine, which supply the whulo with steam arid motive power. There are five departments in tho laundry. One containing a huge oonorete reoeptaolo for tho preliminary eoaking of clothes ; another in whioh . are two stoam- worked washing and wringirjg machines, four boi'rog tubs, and tight washing tuba. For the cleansing of ho.ivy male! ills, such as b'ankets, a piece of machinery, something J;ke a eugar mill in shape, is etfectivoly used. There is a dryiug room heated by waste steam from the engiuo, but our tunny climate makes rocoi'rso to arti ficial best for olothes drying purposoj scliom necessary. Tho Uundiy contains every con venience. It is supeiviied by a competent iauudreds, who is assisto l by female patients ablo and williug to do tha work. Leaving tlie;u less sorrowful sights a visit to tho female division is made. This oocupies a central position. Before passing the outor gates a pleasant word with, and a kindly iuqe'ry after the health of Sarah, tho faithful janitress, is made by Di. IScholes. Sarah i-ian identity, she has travelled far, and amongst other calls has made one at Now Odledonia. Sho says Goudna is her Eden, and, trusted with tho responsibility of the keeper of the outer gate, appears cheerful and happy. With it ull sue is possessed of one oppressive sorrow more oppressive sometimes than others, particularly 60 after a hearty meal. Her hallucination is laughable. In hor sleep sho sees tho ghosts of eight horses which overpower her with impor tunities for tho oatmeal porridge she has pre viously swallowed. At ihe iunor gate were assembled 85 fumale patients, clean in person, aud dress, each wearing a wide-brimmed straw hat, just about to take, r.udor the oare of female attendants, their afternoon's walk. Dr. Scholes is a fiim bjliever in lib?:ty and open air, and daily allows suoh of the patients, innle and female, as he considers to be in a fit state to loave the association of their less fortunate fellows to room at the sweet will they have remaining through tho extensive grounds surrounding the institution. Of course they are in charge of attendants, aud it is only on r.tro occu.ioi-.s that anything occurs to cause regret for this exerciee and liberty. Stand ing in the doorway, tho dootor allowed till to pass, giving each a friendly nr.d or kindly word of recognition, and it was at once pitiablo on the one Bide and gratifying on the other, to see the childish vanity with which sged women, women of miid'e-ago, and some of fewer summers, rccoived the-o coatlcta but sympathetic attentions. Away they trooped, and fhortly afecrwards could bo seen in groups and singly stroll'ng harmlessly about the outtr grounds. Tho buildings are on the same ulim as those already described. Thcro are iour wards, No. 4 being of most recent date and purely clean. Tho groat majority of the patients teem contented ; soma were reading, others fondling a pot cat, and others t-ingiug and shouting, and others again strok ing listlessly about the yard, or lolling lazily or asleop on the veranda. One would aek a visi tor for sweets, another for money, and others would be satisfied with a shs.ko of tho hand, mid show their satisfaction by a vacant meauingless laugh or smile. Tho hospital for this division is iu the oldest portion of the in stitution. It ia not so well lighted nor so lofty as tho newer building, but happily it is seldjin used. Out of a total of 300 women there wore only four patients in the hospital, oue uf these being a suti'erer from phthisic, and the others from slight attacks of very common ailments. To complete the inspection of the female division ajwnlk was taken through tho noisy and violent ward. The f-rst greeting was from an aged dame with a strong Irish accent, who shouted 'Welcome gintleuien; welcome.' Most of the inmates, about a dozen in all, wore asleep in shady spots, the doctor attributing their quietness to the effect of a good dinner. Their countenances, however, even in sleep, revealed the tearfulness of their malady — 'a moody madness laughing wild, amid severest woo' The sight made ono glad to quit the yard for Ithe remaining group of buildings, called the'four male wards. No. 1 is the resi dence of the noisy and violent. It was erected in 1856 and overlooks the liver, from which it is, however, separated by a high aud uuscale able fence. Tha appearance of the building betokens the nature of its inhabitants Windows are broken and without glass, and nothing is to be Been which could in a Gt of frenzy be used as a weapon of attack. The inmates were in their yard. They are more in number than the women of a similar degree of madness. They look more formidable, too, but still they are well under the o ntrol of powerful warders. No. 2 ward is eet apart for the feeble, and men who cannot ba trusted outside the gates Their number ix great, compara tively Hpoaking. They were pausing their time by rolliug about the yard, yelling, and walk ing aimlessly about pitiable objects. One amongst the group was seated at a table under neath the shed, sketching, in black lead, a woniRn's head, the woodcut of a periodical being his copy. In the' days of his misfortune this man is clever wiih his pencil, for tho sketch was a faithful oopy of the Original. No. 3 ward is used for convalescents. There is an air of quietness and repose about it whioh can soaroely be realised after leaving tho noisy crowd on tho other side of the partition. Old men and young are sitting on the verandas smoking their pipes in peace, reading the newspapers of the dny, and answering questions with sanity if not cogency. , WallabieH are peacefully nibbh'ng on the grABjy slope whioh overlooks the rivor ; a oat and a kangaroo lie basking iu the sun, over and anon giving eaoh other a playful if not a loving caress Strutting bantams chuckle and crow about the yucd with all the assurance for whioh tlioEe pretentious specimens of the poultry q-(!oien are noted. And [hen comeB another ohango— the hospital and its four inmates. One is an aboriginal, dying of con sumption,' the others are reaobing tho con valescent stage, after an attack of dyuen' ery. Iu the yard, however, is the most mournful sight of all Young boys paralysed physioally and mentally by epilepsy; with a helpless and hopeless life before tkt.m. It is a very sad sight, and one' which' excites the pity of all who see it. cr ? ???'',? i-. .. ,i ? .-??? -Now, wo, leave the wards for the office, for it ia not to be 'expected, that ntatistics in oonneotion with such a va»t institution as this can be neglected. In tho house there are 611 inmates. Last year the average number resident was'703, at an li'otuil cost per patient per annum of £29 10s. 4$d., or 11s. 4|d. weekly. Next oome the results. They are gratifying whon compared with those of other colonies. Take tho figures :— fAt Woogaroo the per ooutage of ro coveripsiir 1882 was 46-32; in 18S!f, 40-00; and in 1884, 51-43. In Now South Wales the following were the results : — Gladesville : 1882, 44 81 ; 1883, 41 B0 ; 1884. 39 08 Parramatta : 1882\. 4861 ; 1883, 44 57; 1884, 43-33. At the hospital for the criminal inBano, Purra inatta, the percentage of roeoverieB on admis sions is very low:— 1882, ?28-57 ; 1883, 16-60; 1881, 13-79. In How Zealand, for 1884 :— Auokland, 35-48 ; Ohristohutoh, 33 87 ; Dunodin, ;S1 06 ; Hokitika, 38-00 ; N»pior, 13-18 (very low) ; Nelson, 65-00; Wellington, 45-94 ; and Ashburn Hall (a private asylum), 42-45. Woea not this speik well for our institution and the syBtems on which it is worked ? ? The patients who oan work are not kept idlo. Those returns will prove that : — For Friday, October 2, th» following was the labonr-ehoet return: — Females; Kmplnyed in laundry, 41; nuedlework, &«., 48; domo»tio offices, 2; assisting in tho wards, 01 ; total employed, 142; unemployed, 1(12; anil 1 umler ri'ttraint. Mules : In the gitrdou and grouudn, fi5; carpenters' shop, drawing wood, &c.; 30; in the yards. 11; in bakery, 2 ; blHoksmith, 1; (lomostio offices, 6 ; in kitohon, 8 ; cleaning cor ridors, 11; iuttores, 1; woodyard, 18; ntthosaw inill, 4 ; total employed, 160 ; unemployed, 179 This is our institution, and its workinir must bo good, oi- the results would not be whit they ate. Pat}enta uttered no complaints, ' and. overywhore they seemed not only content, d but gratoful, when their ecdbo of gratitude was nowei.'ul enough t^'-mike itself understood. j3r. tioholes and h:s as Grants deserve tho .or.-0.lt.7-:- '.,'?? -: 