\- jCBjffeJPET. jordtos. ' ' B» "NoxOcr." Tasroporalto alter the rale totatiag to utHtSmhrnd new membera met erfth the .tponl rf three lMdhzte at tbe Mriboarne cEfoket Oinb, who, on Setardey, attended the erecting zpeoiauj causa to<xn - Good ..hm oat ol u action in itself eattrelj devoid of merit ; and in the matter uader notice, the reoent oovrsxdlT UiokJmll- tng ef -Frank Welters b/n smell ooteria of -T-rr and mfan young (h,« ha Mdtd iaawhadumgehemg madam the rolee aa will enable the committee to eee that jcetioe be meted not to thatgentlemaa, fflA to Anyone elee who oiy -be osuUtly (rejectad in tbe tutors. The motion etood on the nottoe paper in the same of Mr. W. aaonl., Vat aa he waa store pleasantly if set oonaeiefnlly oigaged rattling 19 bfe barer aeon fat the Malbonrne Unirereity lomtrat K.C.C. at the time af the meeting, hu father, Mr. F. G. Urals, proposed it is ilia ateed, and in doing ao, he pointed ont Ibat the rule, ae it atood, rendered it toler ably eaay for a fair members who might be iafl neaped hy melioe or personal dislike to Msoken the reputation of a thoroughly .eligible oandidata. Tbe social pedtfeo of anyone applying for edmietnon to the privl- legee of memberaUp of the club woo never -taken Into nooonat. All that was required wee that the applicant should be ol lire- prooobable character, consequently, when a oaae of blaokbelling oooorred, the Tiotim wee looked upon by the pnblio as one whoea reputation waa at hut under suspicion. That aa innooeat man ' ODnld bo made to Buffer in thia manner, and that the rules of the Melbourne Orioket Club afforded biro no redrew, hedreaentiy, for the first time, eome under the notice of the large body of membera, end steps bad been im mediately taken to prevent the recurrence of eo unjust a prooeeding. Mr. Mottle's re marks were reoeired with every mark of approval, and hie proposal to authorise the committee to re-nominate a rejected candi date whenever they should deem it advisable to do ao, was passed without opposition. I understand that Mr. Walters name will be submitted by the committee at ones, and that the ballot will take plaoe next Saturday when he will, no doubt, secure the privileges which should never hare been denied him. Tux same meeting decided to allow the committee to exercise their discretion in the matter of lending a team to England next year. Reoeot oablegrems have shown that tbe meeting of secretaries has been held, and that the ordinary county matches have been arranged, notwithstanding that the Mel bourne dub had requested a postponement. It now remains to be seen what fixtures can be made for cur representatives, and to de. tannine whether they are aneh as will war rant the despatching of a team. If a suitable list ean be arranged, there is no doubt that a thoroughly representative team will be cent, ee the H.O.O. oommlttee hare received . cablegram whioh states that no objeotion will be taken to the men whose inclusion wee insisted upon in Mr. Wnrdell's wire of last week. This is all as it should be, except that I fancy I see in the Eoglish ee- -enterics' refusing to put off their meeting for a few days— when Buoh a postponement could not affeot them one way or the other, es the home season does not oommenee until May— something like a want of oonrtesy H tbe Melbourne Ciub. I may be wrong, and indeed I hope it may prove eo. The gentle, men whom I am maligning may here left sndh dates open as will ensure a thoroughly good programme of first. class engagements. If they have done this, the succees of tbe fifth Australian team in England is already assured, and those who aspire to becoming members of it most at once get themselves into their very beet form, lest the seleotor or selectors may look elsewhere for nominees. History repeated itself upon the ericket field on Saturday, when the representatives of the Melbourne University kept M.C.C. at bay in jest such a manner bb tbe latter, a fortnight before, had defied the beet efforts of E.M.C.C. In the Melbourne and East Melbourne match, the great stand was made after the fall of the third wicket, end the two players who were the heroes of that ocaasion euooeeded in making eaoh a bulky three- figure score ; so, in Saturday's game, the stand 01 the innings was made, when three wickets were down, by Freeman and Monle, and they like viae acquired plus century records. Freeman started the day with 73 to his credit from the previous Saturday, and Monle's register was 62. They settled down to quiet run-getting aa soon as hostilities were resumed, and though Spofforth for a few overs kept Moule's defensive tactics fully employed, rnns came surely if slowly, and no appearance was manifested to indicate that either batsman had reached the length of his tether. Monle put the playful "demon" dangerously up iu the slips onoe or twine, bnt the fieldemen were in each instanoe a little too far away ; and yonng Freeman played the same trnndler, as indeed he did every other, with all the grace and ease he exhibited tbe Saturday before. When his score had reached 93, however, he gave his first palpable chance,' and an easy one it was. It went straight into Bpofiorth's bands at point, but it waa not held ; nnd Palmer, who at the time waa judiciously mixing hia daliveriee Bnd bowling in excellent form, must hare been mortified to find that he had lured Freeman on to what should have been de struction, only to have hie planB thwarted by a wretched piece of bad fielding. No further chances were given until, when Freeman had totalled lit, Dickson oaught him msgnifieently at eoeer point off Bruce. The young batsman retired amidst the well- merited plaudits of friends and antagonists, and the oheering which greeted his return to the pavilion did not cease until Barrett, the next oomer, was in position at the vaoent wioket. The left-hander speedily fell for nothing to Bruce, who wasbowlingquiteupto his best form, and Boborts associated himself with the still naoonquered Motile. Another considerable stoppage in the rate at which wickets fell ocourred, but no diminution in the paee of the run- getting was noticeable. On 'the contrary, toe new men hit out cleverly end well, so much eo (bat the howlers seemed not to know where it was safe to pitch toe ball when he was in front of them. Then came the greatest surprise of the matoh. Herring was put on with instructions to bowl "googlers," and the fieldsmen were told to scatter ronnd at remote distances in every direotion. The first delivery resulted in afonr to square leg, bnt before toe over was finished, Monle jumped out at a very slow one, made a miss-hit, and waa easily taken at mid-off by Cohen. The result of Moule's excellent innings was toe grand total of 149 obtained by cricket than which he has never shown better. It was marred by only one actual obanoe whioh was given during the first day's play, end the lest hundred rnns may, with truth, be said to have been faultlessly acquired. His strokes were not always so well-timed as those of Freeman, and his style ie not so taking ae that player's, bnt bis rnns were obtained by sound orioket ; and eome excel lent judges of tbe game asserted that there ie one particular stroke (to the off) whioh he frequently makes and in it he is not surpassed by any living batsmen. Boberts had rattled np 51 when bis turn came, sad he retired, bowled by Brace with a beauty. Bay made 9 end suconmbed to toe same bowler. Goldsmith fell for 4, an easy viotim to the slow lob bowler, Herring, who also secured Wingrove for nothing. Little earned ont hie bat for 2, end the innings closed at exaotly G o'clock for 410 rnns, a score of which the University men may well feel proud, seeing that it was made by splendid batting against the very best of Australian bowling. Their brilliant success in thia oonteet justifies the anticipation that the match whioh they commence on Friday next at the M .0.0. Qronnd against the Sydney University team will end in their favour. The following twelve players were selected on too con clusion of Saturday's play, and from these will be obosen toe team who are to op. hold the eredit of the Melbourne University : — I. Barrett, W. Bruce,. G> S. Freeman, M. - fJoJdsu)ith, jj. W. Houle, W. Riddel), I. Boberts. C. Boas, H. Soott, W. Tnunkta, and F. "Wingrove,. . Thia nomMuzticm ie strong In every department oltfc game, and as our Sydney friends, who off jOheffii' nmniiiig,sre ton strmigist bang tlmftydney "Vanity" has yet net Into the fisU7 a good match will doahttem remit. :--In ell 5 totality the public win he in m numbers to witness U— more petttm- y es this trill be the flrat cocreionupen which toe magnificent new igread-otaad, recently erected on tbe Melbqarne Gtoand, will be brought into use. The Sydney Uuirer- stty team will he chosen torn S. domes, E. Allen, 3. B. Wood, T. Gesett, B.> Powell, H. U. Fsithfoll, H. Copetand, E.A. Vera- wether, G. Barker, V. Adame,Dr. WBkta- aon, and H. I «e. lb. J. Goatee, of rid iateroatonia! celebrity, will uiagdic fat the match. Boura Mnuxwjaas mode but a May show against too Jolimonters, who defeated them in in innings with 80 runs to spase. The first day's play woe, however, improved upon by both sides with the hid. Trapp played on excellent not- ont innings tar toe winners, and his score ol 62 contained njre- poadereaee of boundary hits. East Md- bourne's total reached 318, and South, who in their first attempt, . hod scored only 46 made 122 in their sewed, notwithstanding that Slight was unable to put in an appearanoe. M'Leod batted in good style for 42 rnns. M. ifinohin hit up 35 rapidly sad well, and H. Trott displayed his nana! core in totting up IS. The re mainder failed to acquire double figures. Worrell was Bast Melbourne's most success ful bowler, and Robertson and M'Sbone alio performed creditably with the bell. Although EUsroy wan their match against Hotbom on toe merits of the find innings, the remit, if one may judge by appearanoe, would have been the other way ronnd hid two innings been completed by eaoh teem. The winners, who mad 172 in their first venture on the previous Satur day, enoonmbed last Saturday in their eeoond for 65, to the excellent trundling of R. Houston and Wardrop. Hotham scored 112 in their first and 43 for 4 wiakote in their eeoond innings Houston (40, not oat), Lord (34); Hewlett (26), and Fotoau (16) earned their runs creditably. Dttism attended the efforts of Tort Melbourne against the sow powerful Carlton team at the northern suburb cn Saturday, Tbe 104 set by the visitors was topped before Carlton's first wioket fell, and 262 was the reoord, with only five men out, when stamps were drawn. Tttnniek, who has of late performed with persistent ability, headed tbe list of first-class scores with 83, every run of whioh he obtained by superb orioket. He was ably seconded by Berry, whose 73 was a highly meritorious per formanoe ; and Deeley and 8am Morris dis played their aooustomed briliiaiioy for 62 and 43 (not out) respectively. Tbe most crushing defeat of the day, however, was that experienced by the zwpre eentativee of the Warehousemen's elub at the hands of the looal team at Wiliuunstovn. The losers, at the termination of the matoh, were an innings and 281 rnns to the bad, and this result was due, ia a large extent, to the trundling of O. Gtubb in both inniogs, and the heavy sooting of Mackrell, who knocked np 129 in fine style. Six other WiUiatnstown batsmen euooeeded in making respectable double-figure scores, notwithstanding that Smaill and Page were both in good form with the ball. Taking this performance in ooojosotion with their recent good display against Hothaa, it may be seen that Williamstown possesses a really excellent batting team this season. H. J. 5. Soott has to be ooagratulated upon having returned to first-class form. His 22 against M.O C. last Saturday week was made with all his old dash ana fiuish, and od Wednesday last, playing with M.O.G. against Bohemia, he scored 361 not out in a manner that would have satisfied the most severe of critics. Bonnor, also, appeared in the same match to great advan tage with a rapidly obtained 114, whioh included, as te usual with him, a number of kite that went well over the boundary fence. Blaokham's 48 and B. Dickson's 27 (not out) helped to produce tbe grand total of 365, which M.C.C. had amassed for 4 wickets when 6 o'clock arrived asd put an end to Bohemia's discomfort in the field. Tbe second elevens of East and South tied in tbeir first innings, with 56 rnns each, and the former have lost 7 men for 122 in their finsl flutter. The match will be concluded next Saturday. Richmond Rambiees asserted superiority over tbeir .Norwood opponents in an un mistakable manner, as the finish of the game left them 34 runs to the good, with four good men and tree still unscathed. MNaoghton was top scorer for tbe winners, and Z opine he enjoys himself very fairly of late,' as I notice that in every match he occupies the same enviable position. Fob Boyle and Scott's Cup the oonteet between Oapolete and G-rosvenor resulted in a win for the former by 126 runs, mainly owing to the eplendid score of 120, not oat, obtained by Ward, whose invariably good batting ie proverbial amongst the ju niors. He was one of the first men chosen in the junior team whioh is to visit Sydney at Chrietmae rime. Messrs. Batchelor, Beddas, and Burnett, the selectors of the team, hare performed their difficulttoak very satisfactorily, and there can be no doubt that the players who leave for Sjdoey on the 23rd lust, will worthily uphold our cricketing reputation. The four teen eeleeted are Drysdale, Ward, Armstrong, Harrey, Buncle, Boberts, Lynch, Linnett, Lucas, Bride6on, Smith, Boy, Marshall, and O'Hanlon. Mr. Beasley will accompany the team as ecorer, and Mr. Bafohelor, the much respected and energetic hon. seoretare «i Boyle and Scott's Junior Cup Committee, wiU be with tbem to manage their business affaire. Tbe fourteen players named will, nertSatuiuay, have an opportunity of testing their abilities on turf, as they have arranged to play E.M.C.C. at JoHmont. The match will be useful to them in snore ways than one. Tbeir principal fixture in Sydney will be played upon turf, which, to tbem, is ahnoat a foreign element, and if they win the toss from Boyle, or ii that gentleman, out of consideration for their requirements, put them in first, as ia all probability he will, the practice they will obtain will be of great service to them. At any rate, the match will be worth witnessing, and, ae a email charge is to be mad# for ad mission to the ground, a considerable addi tion to foods in hand for travelling expenses may reasonably be hoped to be netted. The annual match between teamB selected from the Railway Workshops of Mel bourne and those of Sydney will be played on the Williametown ground on the 28th and 29th instant, and great pre parations are being made by the local "Hen for the entertainment of their visitors. They are to be feted and feasted to their hearts content, and at the same time every effort is to be made to prevent their returning to Sydney with too poor an opinion of their an- tagonfete' skill as cricketers. The Commis sioners of Railways have given a trophy to be competed for in the "Rfnlit mtiH g, eeoond prize has been offered by Mr. F. T. Derham, M.L.A. It is a rather remarkable oircnmstauce that not less than four matches between Sydney and Victorian representatives of various grades will be brought off about Christmas time, asd all vft £ Squired to complete the carnival is that the Legislatures of the two colonies play a match in Sydney on Hew rear's Day. The most important of these fixtures, the Intercolonial, is looked forward to by Censor" in the Sydney AfoiJ with apparently a fixed idea that nothing short of a -"reete can save his fellow- colonists from a crush ing defeat. He says that, if those whose ex perience of the game renders them capable of forming a correct estimate of the outcome to be aotieipated were asked their opinion, five ont of every six would assert that Hew South Wales " has not a ghost of s ohsnoe." Well! perhaps they do not appear to be destined to win, but who tell f The unexpected happens a little more frequently in connection with cricket than with most other matters, and when we oop«8dor that the cream of Viotorian bowling wag rery roughly handled last week by players whose reputations as batsmen are con siderably below those of some of our Sydney opponents, the thought forces itself upon mm ihat.tt js poasiblo Spoffotfb, fsliMr. m IkiA smv te .ttiin eoUiMi ari w »w lofts Bks a MMdl; turn eut.other than Sejkmfe lor uEnuS Watea team WO! S man. Baton, l>a'Svkn£W,G«Rett, HfddWwton, JoneaCarvWA MOn- adl, O£0v «nft KtasDMn : U SaM -jtteo. tfos will be made by Feesy JPDoatoeU, Qartefct and Evans, who ore wuaamiiisfl fco faolode Murdoch and . Baxter if the . form these players flJJbiiiigmatjftdg fndstoi After Bionnbfs 114" last week these wiU probably "Be £o doubt of bis form,' aed In atttfinAihoefi both-he'mk&the; mighty Murdoch will take the Add on henmf af our visitors whan tha.ttab for eotton arrives. It will -ha - ngiattul by many that A. Baseeneae has refused to play for his oriooy bebaitee Ua Association would not oonmefctP Ms exorbitant demands. HewSl perhaps live to regret Ms want of patriotism, and pocriMy even now,' as he j recalls to aiemory the numerous favours that have bean shove elm by admirer of his power, he isi e prey to T worse. Idow'ktMuk hats, how ever, bat I wpuld not be surprised to learn that he aotoualy regrets the torn <«( the smaller amount of which . (Uke tha boy with the mute) his grasping nature has deprived Mm. Second. Eleven. Tea matoh between the eeoobd elevens of tha E.lf.C.O. and the 8.IC, vMeh was com- < menced ou the 8.M. ground on the 6th inst., was continued last Saturday. Eachtaax&jmt; ; together 66 in their finQnoings. Tbe East Melbourne oommeneed their ieeond innings and totted up 122 for the loss of seven wickets, Nathan, Evans, and Hastings scoring velL Bruce obtained 22, not out. The match will be continued neat Saturday. WASXBousntx aeooud v. 'Wnuutezowv eeoond, ou the ground of the fonrnr. In their first i&ninge; the Warehousemen got 36, Juokee securing six of their wiokete for 7 runs ; 62 represented their eeoond tunings' total. Williams town fn their first eesty made 79, and on the fsll of the third wioket found themselves the victor. Ftosbot v. Hozaaic— The matoh between the seooad elevens of these blubs was con tinued at Hotham on Saturday, and ended in a viototy for Fitsroy on the first innings, by 60 run. Scores Fitsroy, first innings 106 ; eeoond innings, 1 for . 113 ; White- law 43, Hewmae 15, Welaford 11 and 33, Goodeuoagh 40, 6wan 33. Hotham, 46; Lancashire 12. For Fftxrey, Hayes bowled 2 for lt Hewman 4 for 18, Goodmoagb 4 for 27\. For Hotham, Cooper bowled 4 for 23, Hastings 3 for 21. Cisuroir v. Post Hbsouseb. — This matoh was played ou Saturday. The searae were Port Melbourne, 87; Carlton, 110; W. Hems, 42; Hastings, 25; W. Robert too. 22, and Whittaker, 13. BzeBxom BtOTMom . HOBWOOD,— ' Hit mateh was played on Satttrdar last, and resulted in a win for the Bammere by four wiokete aad 34 runs. Norwood first took the wiokete, and made 68 ruu«r H. Hatty, with 32, being the prisoipaUoorer. The Btmblere went in and put together 102 for eixwfokets, F. M'Naoghton (32, not out), OaMHte 4221. mriK &. Brook (12) Ml showing tomfflb. A kasch was played at Caulfield BHriday between the Melbourne Bo vera and the Wan derers. The latter batted first and were disposed of for 73 of which J. King (19), Foeberg (11), and Buohaaan (10) were the chief scorers. The Rovers made 83, battiog two men shoct,-H. Alesrio (61, not out) and W. Mair (11) beiog the doable figure eoorers. Logan for the winners and King for the losers bowled welL A SFBCXiit moeti&g; of the Laurel Cfiub was held on Moodar, tbe 7th instant, at Conrtenev's George Hotel, Hotham, the business being to present the prizes for last season to the various winners, whioh was done by the president, Mr. J. J. Molloy. Mr. Molloy then vacated tbe chair, whioh was filled by Mr. C. Moesop, who, on behalf of tbe members, presented Mr. Molloy with a handsome frame of photos, elaborately illuminated by Mr. J. Buehsnnan. Tbe chairman, iu making the presentation, com plimented Mr. Molloy, end the health of the president was then proposed by the ohair- man, and drunk with mueieat honours. Tee selection committee (Messrs. Linnett, Beddan, and Batchelor) appointed by the committee of management for Messrs. Doyle and Scott's Junior Challenge Cup to choose 14 players to proceed to Sydney, on the 23rd instant, to play the crock juniors of Hew South Wales, met last Saturday night, and eeleeted tbe followmv : — Armstrong. Buncle. Brideson, Drysdale, Harrey, Luca, lynch, Linnett, Marshall, O'Hanlon, Roy, Boberts, Smith, and Ward. Manager, H. Batchelor ; scorer, Mr. Beazley. A practice match will be played on OhristtnaB Day at Farramatta with the Byde O.C., and on Boxing and following days, until played out, against eleven of the pick of the colony, and on New Tear's Day against fifteen of the Sydney clubs only. The above team wilt play the Bast Melbourne G.C. at JoUmont on Satur day next. 