OHAPTER IV. TUB FOniONE-TEUiEn OF MOUNT HODASf, The hut ia high up on a spar o! Groat Mount Robnn in a sheltered spot nearly hidden by trees and big brown rooks, half covered with groen moaa and grey lichen ; it waa built o! heavy timber slaba, and covered by sheets oi box bark, both of which showed tho weather worn hue of many years. From ,tho front of thia hut on tho side of tho mount ono of tho grandest viewa around Manangft wua diacornablo, and if it had been built for tho purpose of espionage, no situ, fltion could have been better chosen. . The township lay under the eye like a green map, I dotted with little white cubes that represented ( dwellings, and right ooroaa tho long line of the gleaming oreak, past St. Horriaks, and up the slope whero the lono cemetery lay, not a human being could move witho.ut being traced from Nan Griffith's hut. Tho very gully whore lay the long-deserted claims waa open to tho view from that hill home j and aa far as the eye could reach far aorosa the plains bounded by tho low, purple-blue bills, ono could follow tho track along which tho coach passed once a day ; in short, the eyrie of an eaglo was never built in a more commanding and yet retired spot. Two or three days after that on which my Btory opens, Nan Griffiths was sitting on a block of wood outside the door of the hut, and antler the heavy shadow of a spreading tree that bent its crooked branohes over her un. nanny- looking figure. She was a vory old woman, with white hair hanging loosely over lier Bhoulderp, and a long cloak that covered ber oven down to her feet j to this cloak there was a hood that oould be drawn at will over her head, and holes, through one of which a skinny hand was passed to grasp a orutohed stick, Tho old creature was tooth less, and ber skin was shrivelled up on her face like sun-tanned loather; but the keen dark eyca that sparkled under the long whito bairs of her eyebrows wero apparently as serviceable as when she was 20 years younger. She was muttering and mumbling to hor Etelf in a dissatisfied way that made her sharp nose and chin meet in a manner that gavo her some resemblance to a bird of prey, when she saw a woman climbing up the track among the trees leading toward the hut. It was a tall, pale-faced woman of about thirty ave, with dark hair and eyea, and a weary, helpless look in her face that would have won tho sympathy of a stranger, but did not seem to be noticed by Nan, who was her mothor, " What a timo you've been 1 Faugh, the women there is in these days 1" "I was as quiok as I could be," Ellen Griffiths returned, as she seated herself wearily near tho hag, " and I'm. as tired as jeath," " Death is never tired, you fool, and yon always are," Nan growled ,. " and now yon sit there staring before you without telling me a word j did you sea the ohild," 11 Yes, but I had a rare hunt for him," "Where was ho ?" "Up in the cemetory at tho Colonel's jrave." "By himself?" " No, he was with Resignation St, Herrlok." Tho reply soemed to stun the old hag with aurpriso, With Resignation St. Herrlok 1 With her )f all the ohildren in the world 1" and then a uarsh, cackling laugh burst from Nan's lips, is she clapped hor hands joyfully, "It would bo grand,"she Boreeohed; "I tviali I'd thought of it afore; but there's time mongh, I'll make a policeman-a trap of aim.' " A polioeman I of who ? " " Of Dan I would it not bo grand if he wero ;o trap Colonel St. Herriok'a murderer 1" Ellen looked at her mothor with a stony aorror, but she said nothing, though tho hag went on as though she had, " Oh it's awful isn't it I your mothor is a aard-hearted, oruel old woman, that would aunt to death the man you loved, Faugh! you white-liverod worm, that svould turn and liok the hand that struoji pou; are you a child of mine at all ? " Ellon was used to suoli talk, and she said nothing save what was expressed in the worn to death, weary look in her poor white lace. " Tell mo what you heard, ourao you, and don't ait tlioro like a sonseloss imago driving oao mad," shouted Nan, as eho seized her laughter's arm and shook hor violently ; " open your mouth and speak, fool that you ire." " What am I to tell about first ? " " Tho new people at St. HerricSts, who aro they?-quiok." " Thoir namo is Brady, an old mother, two sons, and a daughter. They've taken St, Herrioks-rented it of Mr. Pollard." " And iB it true that they're going into the old ground again? " " Yes." The hag gave her daughter another vioious shako, and her sharp, prominent ohin worked like tho half of a pair of nut-oraokera as alio shrieked " I'll throttlo yoq if you don't speak out 1 what has como over you at all fool ? Havo you aeon a ghost-tho ghost of Colonel Heniok, eh?" " No, but I have seen a faoo like Dan Lyons." At the reply the old woman's hand fell from her daughter's arm as she questioned anxiously. " You don't moan that he has oomo back Ellon?" " No, it was in a woman's face I saw tho likeness, and then it was in the eyea only. When I was looking for littlo Dan I went round by the fence at St. Harriok's, and found a young girl looking over it as if watch ing for some ono; it was the daughter of tho Brady's that have taken the place." " Well 1 you spolco to her of course ? " " Yea, and got a good deal of news out of her, but beforo I loft hor mothor oanio out and called her angrily away. It was in Mrs. Brady's eyes I saw Dan Lyons." " It was in your own eyes you saw ft fool," said tho hag scornfully, " You think of nothing morning, noon, and night, but that double dyed murderer that left a ouree on you and yours. Go on with what you wero saying." - " She's a young girl, and a Billy ono, the Brady girl j but you'll soon sea hor for your self, for I told her about you, and she's suro to pay you a visit. She thinks of nothing but sweethearts, and her brother has told her that a man is in lovo with hor," " What man ?" " Do you remember Tody Connor, mothor ?" "That Connor that worked in tho Gully when tho Colonel was killed ?" " " The same," " Something is going to happen 1" exclaimed Nan, wildly. " No wonder I dreamed of straugo things and saw strange Bigns I Go on 1" " When Mrs. Brady called tho girl inside I went on toward the cemetery, and I met Connor himself on his way from tho Gully." " Did ho know you, Ellen ?" " Yes, at once, and asked mo if you wero alive yet, Ho is coming to see you about some aream," "Aye? he was always a soft fool, but an opon-handed ono, too, so lie's welcome." " If I don't mistake, that's he coming up tho hill now, mother," said the woman, as she pointed down toward a man who was steadily olimbing up the steep path. Yes, it was Tady, in truth, going, aftor many misgivings, to sea onee again the fortune-teller of Mount Roban, whom ho had more than once consulted in tho years gone by; for Tady was one of thoao not unusual characters in whom are combined deep re ligious convictions and an ignorant belief in supernatural powers and beings, and his ignorant mind was Borely exorcised on account of a strange dream ho had had a few nights provious. " How Mr, Loonard would laugh at mo," ho was muttoring to himself in gasps, as the steepness of the hill tried his lungs severely; " ho don't believe in fortune-tellers or witohes, or anything, but seein'u beliovin', an' well I know Nan ia a witoh it there was ever one in this world." When he'roaohed tlia hut there was no one in front of 'it, and tho door wag Bhut. He knooked a low, respectful knock, and nearly jumped out of his skin as he was bidden by name to enter, «' Oome in, Tady Oonnor," " What am I frightened of ?" he reasoned with himself as he lifted the latch and pushed open the door. " Of course Ellen has oome back and tould her she seen me." When ho entered the low, dim room, with tho olay floor and thosmoke-blaokened rafters, ho saw that there was a small firo on the hearth, but no one beside it, and then he turned at a sound that made him shiver to see Nan Griffiths standing on the threshold of an inner door with a huge black cat at her feet. It was tho cat's unearthly " me-a-w I" that had mado Tady shudder from head to foot. "Weloome, Tady Oonnor," said tho hag, as she advanced and stood before him, her skinny hand grasping the stick, her low bent form still covered with tho long cloak. " Tho seas have rolled'between ua for long years, and now they have brought you baok again." " Thoy liavo, ma'am," Baid Tady, as he made a respectful sorapo with his right foot; and I'm glad to see they have left you look ing so hearty." " Time makes no odds to me,' aha said, as she drew a aeat to the table and sat down, while she pointed to another for her visitor, " I'll live until a man dies, and then my work is done. Bit down." Tady would have lilted to ask her whoBe death was to preaedo her own, but he daro'nt, and waited humbly for tho hag to speak again. "You want to consult me?" she asked, as she put her shrivelled faoe so near to him that the fiery littlo eyea so far back in her head scorned to burn him, " Speak out what it is whilo tho humor's on me." " It's a dramo I had, Mrs, Griffiths-a drama that's troublin' mo intirely; an' know in' well how knowledgeable you always wor, I kom to ax you about it," " AH right," she replied, aa she drew toward her with a skinny paw the coin Tady had laid near her on tho table. " Skull, fetch the master's books." " The latter command was nddressed to the blaok oat, who instantly entered the inside chamber and almost instantly returned with a little bag in his mouth, which he doposited on hia mistress's lap, taking the opportunity of his vioinity to the terrified Irishman to spit and " wa-ow " viciously in his face. " Down, Skull," cried Nan to tho oat as she opened the bag and drew a paok of dirty oardsfromit. "IShw, Oonnor, tell me your dream." " It's twioe now I've dramed it," ha said; turning his face away from the oat, who still glared at him, 111 thought, do you see, that I was down in the old shaft at work, and that with every spado I dug I turned up the head of a man. I thought that I always expected a lump of gold, and saw it shinin' aa I turned the shovel, but whin it coma up it was always the aamo man's faca wid blood on it." " Did you know the face ? " asked tho hag solemnly. '«Yes, I did." " Whoso was it ? " " It was Dan Lyon, the murderer's, face." " Something is going to happen Tady Oonnor I " she said, almost repeating the words she had used to her daughter. " The dream was always the same ?" " Always, ma'am." With her jaws munching and mumbling horribly tho fortune-teller spread the cards beforo lior, and with such a keen anxiety in her own repcllant and withered faoe, that it was evident she possessed aomo belief in the art alio praotiaed. Unoonacioualy to himself, the little Irishman had uttered the ono namo in tho whol9 world that had powor to exoite her worst passions, for there are far worse passions than the reigning one of Nan Griffith's, which was cupidity. " What man is plotting against you ?" she asked him suddenly, as ho anxiously watched her faoe while she soanned tho cards. "You have been speaking to him lately, though you have not touohed his hand- who is it ? " and she turned her eyes keenly upon Tady'a face. " I don't know, Mrs. Grifllths. I haven't spoke to a soul to-day but my young master, Mr. Leonard ProsBer, and I'm sura he'd plot nothing agin his fosterer." "You spoka to no one elao?-mind what you say, Tady Oonnor." "Be this an'be that I" asseverated Tady, and then he all at onoo stopped, and with a gasp ejaculated almost in a whisper, " Sure it wouldn't be Father James 1" " Who ia Father Jasnes ?" Nan asked aus piciously, " and what right hava you to be talking of clergymen here ? Why, tho very oat knows you have named one- look at him 1" In faot the blaok oat had turned toward the terrified!' Tady, and with every hair on end was me-a-wing and spitting at him. " Spake to him 1 quiten him for my sake, Mrs. Griffith's 1 sure I meant no harm, and at any rate Father James isn't a priest at all sein' ho isn't in orthera now; he's the gentle man that has routed St. Herriok'a an' ia livin' thoro wid his family." A sudden remembrance of what her daughtor had said about Nora Brady made the old hag grin to herself as she ordered hor familiar to retire, aud sho resumed tho read ing of the cards she had laid down. " 1 oan tell you nothing about your dream until you dream it once more," she said," but bowaro of a dark man that is plotting against your very lifo," ' » "How will I find out who ho ia?" asked Tady, anxiously. " Through a girl," roplicd Nan; " a young girl with dark hair that's in lovowith you." " With mo ? ' It's jokin' you are, ina'm." Don't I look like a woman to joke ? " was tho angry retort. " There's a girl in love with you, and you'll see hor this very day, for she's waiting and watohing for you at thia moment; and now go, for I oan tell you no mora at present, When yon dream the third time come to mo again," Tady got up, and having uttered his thanks, gladly hastened out of the hut. His super stitious terrors of old Nan and her oat, al though partly overeomo by tho wonderfully good news she had told him, wero yet quite sufficient to rondor hia eaoapo into the puro air of the mountain a pleasant ono, and ho hastened down its aide to bo at leisure to think ovor hia unexpootod good fortuno. Good fortuno, indeed, and at last I I think I have told you that Tady Oonnor had num bered some thirty-five years, and during many lustres of those years it had been his hard fate to havf- been hopelessly over head and ears in lovo very many times. Tady'a heart was soft, but those of the maidens who scorned hia turned-up nose, his crooked iin gera, and hia red hair, were as hard aa tho nether millstone. In vain had ho year after year pictured to himself some lovoly inamorato transformed into a loving wife, and called Mrs. Connor. One by one his hopes had beon blighted, and hia peraon mooked or laughed at, yet here was a yonng girl with dark hair in lovo with him-aotually in lovo with hia very self, without being asked or evon known at all 1 Delightful thought I but there waa ono drawback-ho had a rival, for that was the docision Tady came to regarding the dark man old Nan had declared to be plotting against him, and warned him against. " Of ooorse it's some chap that sho won't look at on account of her lovo for me, the darlin'l " ho soliloquised, "I wonther who she ia at all, at all? but, suro, I'll know soon, for I'm to see her thia very day," and poor Tady, believing in Nan Griffiths with all his ! little heart, went down the hill rejoicing and looking all around him for a sight of the girl who at last had been the one to appreciate the hitherto despised little man, " Maybe ahe'a behind some of tho bashes or roots watohin' mo tho crathur,"ha murmured with a fond smile, as he took off hia hat and arranged hia red, stiff looks. " It's well I put on me new coat, though 'twas for old Nan I did it. She was ever an always very parfcieu lar," and ho squared round his funny little person to look at his heels, aa ho gave the ad mired blue coat with the brass buttons a vigorous tug behind to make it hang more gracefully. He had to pass St. Herriok'a on his way to tho township-doubtless tho winning hag he had just left had calculated on that fact, and also another fact, the latter being that Nora Brady was again standing at tho fenco under the trees, watohing and waitiDg for tho sweet heart her brother had promised her, little thinking what events would follow from the effects of his silly fun at the expense of Nora's well-known vanity and weakness for the op posite sex. She had seen Tady climbing up tho hill path, and now watohed hia return with a beating heart and a oonscious smile on her coarse, rosy face, St. Herrick'a had, as we know, an interest for Connor that Nora did not guess at, and for a moment, as he passed it, ho forgot the for tuno teller's prediction and thought of tho murdered man whom overyono had loved. In the very middle of these sad thoughts, how ever, he hoard a slight cough, and with a sud den return of his warm admiration of his un known inamorato's tasto, he stopped and turned in the direction of tho " ahem," Had there been an observer of tho mooting between Nora and Tady ho must certainly have been an amused one. The girl was oraning her neok over the fenoe in trying to follow with her eyoa Tady'a passing form, when at her cough ho turned suddenly and stopped, then she drew her big head back and gigpjled. Tady atruok an attitude, an attitude ao ludicrous and comioal that nothing but tho girl's exaggerated self-conceit prevented her from observing its true nature, but as it was sho aaw nothing save unbouuded admiration of her ovor decorated self, and was immensely delighted, so with the onvious fenoo only bo tween them Tady grinned from ear to ear, and fell awkwardly upon hia kneea on the damp grass, under the thiok treoa that protruded their great "branches over tho dilapidated fenco, " Aro you Tady Connor ? " simpered silly Nora, aa she scanned her lover's rather sin gular proportions lavishly displayed by his sprawl upon the grass. " I am, mavourneen, I am that happy man," oried Tady. " What makes you ao happy ?" " Because at last I see the beauty &n;' the darlin' of the wide world here forenint me this Mossed day." "He-ha-hel" He-he-ho wasn't xnuob, bat, with the ao oompanying leer from Nora's Bmall, heavy eyes, it espressed great encouragement to poor Tady. " Arrah, don't bo laughin' at ma asthoro j suro, you'll brak my heart if you do 1" And with a good deal of grunting, Tady struggled to his knees, and ventured nearer to the fence. " I'm not laughing at you, How did you know I was here?" Nora asked, aa she ar ranged her ribboaa and cheap ornaments pretty muoh as Tady had arranged the tail of hia coat a little previously. " Nan tould mo agra, an' sure it waa meaelf that a'most flew down tho hill to come to ye," replied Tady, but ho was wondering all the time who told the girl hia name, and then deciding it was that dangerous dark man who waa plotting against him, he determined to ask her at once. " I say, agra, who waa it tould you me namo?" " Conn did," and as Nora went on, he was muttering, almost audibly, " D-- Conn, who ever he is," " But who ia thia Nan you are talking about ? Ia she you're Bister ?" "God forbid 1" and Tady orossed himself devoutly, " arrah no, asthoro, ahe'a an ould woman that haa lived up on Mount Roban these twenty years, an' she's a fortune teller," The latter words were uttered in a whisper, that necessitated Tady'a monkey- like face being protruded ovor tho fenoe in dangerous proximity to that of tho delighted Nora, who was, however, woman enough to affect a pru dery aho was far from experiencing. " Go away with yon-it's a shame for you, and if mother or Conn was to neo you, both of ua would bo killed," " Divil a care I care I Who's Conn V" asked Connor, with a scornful twist of his ugly nose at tho mention of a name he had identified aB a fancied rival. "I'd be sorry to vex the mothor ov mo darlin' girl, but as for Conn-to the divil wid him, I say 1 Who is he, at all, at all ?" "Connismy brother, didn'tyouknow that? I've two brothers, you know, Conn and James, Father James, thoy onll him now." " Oh, Lord I is Father James a brother o! yours? But afther all, why should we be afraid of him or any one ? I'll keep oompany wid no dacent girl oxeept for dacenoy, ana sure ho oould marry ua if ho was agreeable." " Marry us," repeated Nora, with a giggle again, at the idea of thia ardent wooing, 'Tia early in tho day to bo talking of marry, ing when I've only aeon you a minute or two ago; and beaides, James couldn't marry us, for he'a not in orders," "Oh, I forgot, ho tould me so himself agra; but never mind, when wo makes up our minds we oan aisy find a priost to tio us together for a happy life. Who'a that ?" That was someone nhoutlng shrilly " Nora I Nora I" in tho direction of tho houso, " 'Tis mo mother 1 I must go or she'll kill mo." " Stop ono minnit ashtore. Whin'll I see you agin? Tell mo quiok now baforo you go. Suro I'll bo thinkin' it montha till I ceo your bowoheful eyea an' your darlin' face again." . " I don't know, I'm ofton'hero at tho fenoo, and if you'll whistle I oan come mostly any time in tho ovenin'." " Oh, the lovely orathur 1" murmured Tady, as ho gripped tho top rail of tho fenco and stared aftor the quiokly retreating figure of his fat inamorata. " Isn't she the darlin' of tho world to take a fanoy to ma in this way, an' not a sowl to care for mo in thia wiao world but Mr. Leonard ?" and tho name re minded him that he had better not keep his young master ignorant of his whereabouts muoh longor, ao he tore himself away and made for tho township. 