THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AJCD OUR REdOU>.CS8. SANDHURST, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1S85 THE QUEEN. " THE little lady," who holds the sceptres of Great Britain and India yesterday completed her sixty-sixth year, and to-day, with holi day making and great rejoicings, her loyal subjects in every part of her dominions will celebrate the anniversary of her birth. Like most of those who have attained the same age as herself she has had many trials and troubles and has experienced some sad bereavements and bitter griefs. Royalty and riches cannot purchase an immunity from the sufferings and sorrows which are the common lot of human kind. Princes as well as beggars, therefore, as the light of life begins to wane, become reconciled to the idea of death which in our early days and in the _heyday of our existence, before misery has smitten our hearts, is so revolting to the mind. So Yictoria, our Queen, having tasted freely of the bitter fruits of man's first disobedience, and having nearly filled the ordinary allotted span of human life, looks forward, doubt less, to the inevitable end with calmness and without dread. She may, probably, scarcely desire those many happy l jturns of the day, which not only her own nation but the whole civilised world will heartily wish her. Environed witli political difficulties and dangers she must be fillod with many present misgivings and vexations. The prospect of war, for family reasons, must shock her heart, and even if she were not of too gentle a nature and too feminine a hand to take up the sword and shield of Boadicea, in any circumstances she would naturally shrink with horror from the contemplation of the Anglo-Russian position. Her Ministers, animated by as great a dread of war as herself, have laid them selves open to a charge of pusillanimity. They have undoubtedly been guilty of great vacillation, and have filled up some pages in the history of the roign of Victoria with records from which one could wish it had been free. What further is to follow may or may not be of a redeeming character. It is sincerely to be hoped, however, that it will be creditable to the nation, and worthy tho advisers of the Queen of Great Britain and Empress of India. For nearly fifty years Her Majesty has occupied the British throne. In all her own acts she has shown herself to be a meot mate for " the noblest work of God," and she had the good fortune in her wedded life to be well matched in Albert the Good. Some captious critics, with execrable taste, have ventured to paint her in unfavorable colors. They pretend to have discovered some faults and failings in her private character. But as a dutiful daughter, a devoted wife, and a loving mother, she has displayed traits which would do honor to the best of wompif. As she lias not been exempt from human woes, so we ma}' assume she is not free from human failings. But it is simple truculence and downright disloyalty to drag those failings into the light, and parade them before the public gaze. It is vory questionable whether her BWliners iiave not gruEsly exaggerated her little weaknesses. It may, indeed, be i probably capable of proof that they have groundless]}' and unjustifiably libelled her. It is certain, at all events, that all they can saj- has not and cannot deprive her cf the warm love and sincere esteem of her people, and there is no British community ever unready with heart and soul to swell the loyal chorus of " God Save the Queen." There is no British community in which feelings of honor and affection for her will not mark the popular spirit in the celebration of the birthday of our noble and gracious Lady, the Queen. CABLEGRAMS.-The reported differences in the. Cabinet over the renewal of the prevention of Crimes Act in Ireland have been smoothed over. '! he rebellion i:i Canada is rapidlj' collapsing now that the leader, Louis Kiel, has been captured. The Ear! of Rosebery has arrived at Berlin. The object of his visit has not transpired. DEATH OF VICTOR HUGO.-Our telegrams an nounce the death of this French celebrity, at the ripe age of So. He v.'as born at Besancon, on 26th February, 1S02, his father beiug a colonel in the. French Army. He has been a most prolific writer, amongst his works being '. The Hunchback of Notre Dame," "lies Miserable:)," "Histoire d'un Crime," an account of Napoleon's coup d'etat, and a number of dramatic pieces. His last novel, L'Homme qui Hit, appeared in 18G9. Victor Hugo was created a Peer of France by Louis Phillipe, taking the title of Vicomte Hugo. He was subsequently exiled, but on the fail of the Empire ho returned to France, and was elected to the National Assembly at Bordeaux, which posi tion, however, he soon resigned. . THE ENGLISH MAIL.-The R.M.S. EalJarat was signalled inward at 11.20 p.m. yesterday. She was expected to reach the Heads about 5 o'clock this morning. GOLD, UALLS, AKD DIVIDENDS.-The gold re turns on Saturday reached close on 2,400 ozs, or fully 700 ozs above recent " off week" averages. The list was headed by Bruhn's Tribute, with 458 ozs, the other principal returns being Hercules, 366 ozs; Lansell's 180, 310 ozs; La Belle, 210 ozs; Frederick the Great, 142 ozs; Extended St. Mungo, 120 ozs. There were three dividends : Bruhn's, Gd; Frederick the Great, (id, and Her cuJes Is, the total being S2,S25. The calls onlv amount to £500. QUEEN'S BIBTHDAT.-Yesterday, the 24thMay, was the (ifith birthday of Her Majesty the Queen, and in Ihe majority of the churches, the National Anthem was either sung by the congregation ur played by the organist, while the event was also referred to in the prayers. The anniversary will be celebrated to- day, when a public and bank holiday will be observed. The review at Mel baurne will be the principal attraction for mem bers of the militia. . DISTINGUISHED VISITORS.-On Saturday morn ing Lord Lymington, eldest son of the Earl of Portsmouth, and the Hon. Mr. Cavendish, accom panied by the Mayor (Mr. Delbridge) and Messrs. ! R. S. Wakley, J. Gard, W. Hemming and Geo. Knight, (City Surveyor), visited the United Devonshire Company's mine. The party started from Salmon's City Family Hotel shortly after nine o'clock in one of Cobb and Co's large drags drawn by four horses, the ribbons being handled 1 by Mr. Waldey, who, on the previous evening had received a telegram from Sir W. J. Clarke asking him to show the visitors round. The route taken was along the Mall, up Arnold-street past the hospital, and out to Eaglehawk by the back road. On arrival at the United Devonshire mine the party were met by the legal manager, Mr. T. F. J ames, who explained to the visitors "the manner in which the amalgam is washed off. The party then doscended the mine, and were shown over the underground workings by Mr. Glendening, the mining manager. Several speci mens were presented to the visitors, who appeared to be greatly interested in what they saw. Subse quently a short visit wr.s made to the magnificent battery belonging to the South St. Mungo, and Lady Barkly companies. As the visitors had arranged to leave Sandhurst by the twelve o'clock train, they were unable to drive through liable hawk . or call at the town hall as was originally intend^d. On returning to the City Family hotel, the health of the visitors was drunk in bumpers of champagne. The visitors left for Melbourne by the noon train. THE ORIENTAL BANK.-Tho much exercised patience of the creditors of tho Oriental Bank in Melbourne and itH suburbs (writes our correspon dent) is at length reaping its rew ard, the lonf talked-for first dividend of 101. in the £ being ROW in course of payment. The offices in Queen-street occupied by the liquidators for the bank, were thronged this morning with persons who came to receive their money; and none of those who had gone through the previous formalities necessary for establishing their claim went away disap pointed. Payment was made by cheques on the Bank of Australasia, and a very considerable amount was thus drawn from that institution. A second dividend of 7 s, in the £ will probably b? paid in July of the present year. TELEPHONIC. - On Saturday Messrs. Roberts and Hemming, agents for the Telephone Exchange Company in this city, received a communication from their head office in Melbourne, stating that the Government had agreed to complete the tele phonic communication between the various law courts here, as requested by Dr. Quick, M.P., recently. The machines will arrive to-morrow and be pkeed in the liifferentcourt houses immediately. There are now 133 subscribers on the books of the , local branch ;.f the company, and out of that num ber 109 are m actual telephonic communication with the exchange, while the remainder will also be put on as soon as the difficulty in reference to erecting poles is settled. Intending subscribers should send in their names to tho agents without delay. SANDHURST MILITIA.-The following are the. travelling arrangements for the Sandhurst Militia to-day:-The Cavalry will leave Sandhurst by special tram at 7.30 a.m.; horses to be at the station by G.30 a.m. The horses of the Sandhurst detachment 4th Battalion V. Rifles will also pro ceed by this train, which will airive at Melbourne ^'10 h°rse3 °f the Headquarters of the 4_tl> Battalion at Castlemaine will be attached to this train at Castlemaine on its arrival at S (,0 Y,hese hor5es should be loaded by 8 a.m. I tie Sandhurst detachment 4th battalion will leave by special train at 8 a.m , and pick up the Head quarters Company at Castlemaine at 8.50 a m On the return journey tho Sandhurst troop, and horses of the 4th battalion will leave Spencer-street by special train at 7.35 p.m. Horses to be at the station byC.SOp.m. Tho 4th Battalion V. Rifles for Sandhurst and Castlemaine leave by special train at 8.5 p.m. DEATH OF MR. HILL.-We regret to have to report tho death of Mr. Samuel George Hill licensed victualler, of Newbridge. Mr. Hill was in town on Wednesday last, and on starting for tho return journey he was thrown out of his buggy in \ iew- streot, several of his ribs being broken'by the fall He was conveyed to the general hospital, where lie died yesterday. Mr. Hill, who was 5G years of age, was a brother-in-law to the late Mr. E. C. Sanger. Much sympathy will be felt for his widow. An inquest will be held to-day. REPORTED HONORS FOR AUSTRALIANS.-On Saturday afternoon the "Argus" published a third edition, which contained the following tele gram from its London correspondent under date May 22nd:-"It is reported that the Kn:ght Commandership of the Order cf St. Michael and ?r" TWJW (K.C.M.G.) will bo conferred upon Mr. F T. Sargood, Minister of Defence, Victoria Tho hon J F. Garrick Agent- General for Queensland; Major-General Downes, socretaryto Victorian Defence department; and Colonel C. F. Roberts, R.A., Colonel Commanding Regular ; Artillery and Volunteer Forces of New South Wales. The ' Herald " believes that the decora tions referred to are only Companionships of the Order ana not knicrht Commr.nderships. POLICE AT THE REVIEW.-Our Melbourne cor respondent writes :-The proposal that a body of tho police should take part in the review on Monday, is not to be carried out. Shortly aft»r a ' suggestion to that effect had emanated from the Defence department, the opinion was pretty freely expres.-ed throughout the blue-coated force that owing to the want of time for going through a pre paratory drill, it was unfair to call upon°the men to s.aiid shoulder to shoulder with a well-trained militia, upon such an occasion, but it will be seen by the. following communication, that the Chief Commissioner objects to placing his mer, on the held upon totally different grounds. "To the Secretary for Defence. Sir,- Referring to your letter of the lGth mst., respecting a squadron and company of police being present as the review on Her Majesty s Birthday, I am directed to inform you that .tho Chief Secretary consulted the Chief Commissioner of Police on the subject. Air Chomley reports that owing to the great demand tor the police to keep order at the review, races sports, fetes, and other assemblages on the *25th 111st , he regrets that it will bo impossible to spare a sufficient number of constables to carry out the suggestion I have etc.,-(Signed) H. MOORS, for the Under-becretary. JUDGE QUINLAN'S ILLNESS.-,Tudge QuinWs medical adviser (says the A?c) insists upon his patient altogether abstaining from work for the present A special meeting of the Executive Council was held on Friday, for the purpose of appointing.Judge Hickman Molesworth to preside over the Supreme Court and hear criminal trials Judge Quinlan iras last week appointed to this responsibility, but his sudden indisposition neces sitated the court being adjourned and tho appoint merit of another judge. MR. R. T. BOOTH'S TEMPERANCE MISSION - Arrangements aro now in progress for Mr. R T Booth to re-visit Melbourne and suburbs "and to conduct a protracted Gospel Temperance Mission J ne details of arrangements as todate and locality are not yet complete." The committee appeal to all interested in tho movement to contribute as early as possible towards the expenses. .LONG GULLY BIBLE CHRISTIAN CnuitcH. Special services were, four correspondent reports) held in this church yesterday, in aid of tho circuit fund, and were very well attended. The pulpit in tiie morning was occupied by tho popular young minister of the circuit, tho liov. A. Hicks, who based his remarks of an eloquent discourse o 1 tho 1st verse of the 5th chapter of Romans. The Rev. Dr. Porter Baptist, officiated in the after noon and preached a powerful sermon from the words-" What is man that Thou art mindful of him, or the Son of Man that Thou visitest Him." The congregation at night was large, the preacher being the Rev. ,T. Orchard, who addressed those present from Ezekiel 1st chapter, loth and lGth verees. " For many walk, of whom I liavo told you often and now tell you, oven weeping, that'they are the enemies of the Cross of Christ whose end is destruction." The rev. gentleman, who delivered a very impressive sermon, divided his subject as follows :-1 Tho Cross of Christ. 2\. Its enemies. 3. The fact of a good man weep ing over tho enemioB of the Cro3?. 4._ The- end of those who oppose the Cross. The choir at each ser; vice,under the able conductorahip of Air. E. Code, rendered choice selections of music very credit ably. Miss Bessie Orchard, at tho organ, gave the utmost satisfaction, Piior to tho Bftornoon s^ryice the BibloChristian Evangelistic Brass Band paraded the principal streets of Long Gully f-J'd discoursed sacred iqumo, much to the education of those who listened to it. This evening the cus tomary tea and public meetings take place, and promise to be very tuccessful. At the laLter ad dresses and musical selections will be given. _ THE EXCLUSION TO BALLARAT.-liy the special train arranged for by the Sandhurst Football Club, which went to Ballarat on Saturday even ing, there were about 100 excursionists. The club was represented by a very good twenty, while among the passengers were several prominent citizens. , GERMAN CHURCH.-At this church yesterday, being Whit Sunday, the Rev. P. Leypoldt preached an impressive sermon, taking lii« text from St. John, 14th chapter, 2Gth verse, " But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will fiend in my name, He shall teach you all tilings, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. The rev. gentleman, in dwelling on the text, point-d out that many people, including the great Gcithe, had felt, and many were still feeling the necessity of a comfortor, which could only come flora Heaven, being the Holy Ghost as part of the Trinity. Allusion was made to the dangerous calling of mining in general, and to the sudden death'of the late Gottfried David I'feiffer in par ticular, a member of the congregation, who lost his life without a moment's warning through an accident in the New Chum and Victoria claim. Other practical illustrations were given, and the hearers urged to earnest prayer and benevolence. During service, :n addition to appropriate hymns, two anthems (composed by Herr Gollmick), who presided at the organ, were sung, and prayers offered up for the Queen oil her birthday. _ There was Holy Communion, and m conclusion the Dead March in Saul was played in memory of the deceased member. PREMATURE BIRTH.-'ulr. R. Strickland, P.M., held a colonial inquiry at the State school, Larne down, on Saturday afternoon on the bodj^of a newly-born infant, the illegitimate son of Sarah Jane Arnold, a domestic servant it', the employ ment of Mr. Smith, the schoolmaster at that place. The evideuce of the deceased's mother showed that the child's father was a man named Holmes. Before and after her trouble this person promised to marry her. Witness was taken ill on Wednesday morning last, and the child was bora about 11 o'clock, 110 other person being present. She called Mrs. Smith, wife of the schoolmaster, who sent for a Mrs. Flynn to nurse her. Although the child took his food at proper intervals be died on Thursday night. Ann Flynn, a married woman, gave corroborative evidence. Dr. O. Ptitifold, who had made a post mortem examination of the body, deposed that the cause of death was premature birth. A verdict was recorded in ac cordance with the medical testimony. REC3VERT OF LOST SCRIP.-The " Ballarnt Courier" saysSome valuable scrip, lost by a sharebroker of the Corner, was recovered, rather singularly, on Friday, at the coursing pluinpton. At the Dowling Forest Plate meeting, the share broker in question lost a roll of fifty Berry No. 1 scrip, and though diligent search was made for i them at the time, they could not be found. At the Derby and Oaks meet at the plumpton yester day the roll was found by one of the spectators Iving in the grass, and was by him returned intact to the owner. Fifty Berry No. 1 shares are worth over £200; and, as it may be well imagined, theiv owner rejoiced considerably when they were handed over to him all right. THE RAILWAY STATION.-A -lively scene was presented at the station on Saturday evening, when the usual holiday rush commenced. The plat form was crowded with people travelling to and from the city, or waiting for their friends to arrive. The last train from Melbourne was over a quarter of an hour late in consequence of the extra number of passengers, amongst whom were the members of the South Melbourne Lacrosse Club, who play ;u the Upper Reserve against the Sandhurst team to d.iv. ENGINE-DRIVERS' ASSOCIATION'.-The ^ weekly meeting of this association was held on Saturday evening at Hansen's Hotel; Mr. C. Morgan occu pied the chair. 125 copies of the list of certificates issued to mining engine-drivers by the board of examiners were received from the secretary of the amalgamated body in Ballarat. A letter irom the secretary stated that the copies should be dis tributed amongst the members and sold to out siders desiring them. The chairman reported the result of the meeting 011 the previous evening with regard to the establishment of a trades' hall council. A conversational discussion followed the remarks of the chairman, the opinion being ex pressed that the establishment of a trades' council in Sandhurst would have most beneficial results in binding the various trades more strongly together. Those men who now held aloof would see the benefit of belonging to the various trades' societie-s more clearly when the various trades were banded together in one strong organization. Mr. J. Coats moved, and Air. W. Flight seconded, that the treasurer apply to the liquidator of the Oriental Bank for the dividend of 10s, and that the appli cation for the balance of 7s be left over to the half-yearly meeting. Carried. The nomination of candidates for the various offices in the Associa tion to be elected at the half-yearly meeting was proceeded with, the following names being handed in For president, Dr. Quick; for vice-presidents (two wanted), Messrs. J. Young and Wm. Exeter; auditors, Messrs. J. D. Robertson and B. Lewis. It will be competent for members to make further nominations at the two next meetings. A disciis sion took place on tho subject of tosting boilers, in the course of which it was held to be the power of the inspector to test boilers whenever and when ever he thought proper. The meeting then closed. TAMPERING WITH THE RAILWAY. -With re ference to the recent case of tampering with the railway at Golden-square, the authorities have, after considering the circumstances of the case, decided not to tike any further proceedings against the parents of the children, who stole the wooden k<-ya. Steps are being taken to try to obtain a remission of the sentence of fourteen days' imprisonment inflicted on the throe little boys con cerned in the affair. EA.GLEIU.WK POLICE COURT.-Mr. Webster, P.M., and Mr. Clothier, J.P., attended at this court on Saturday. David Loader, licensee of the Old House at Home Hotel, Sydnej" Flat, was charged with threatening the life of Laundry Ingham. He was bound over to keep the peace for six months in sureties of himself in £20, and another in £20. Tho police were instructed to take steps to have the license cancelled. HONORING THE NEW SOUTH WALES CONTINGENT. -It has been suggested (says the "Herald") that advantage should be taken of the return of the New South Wales Contingent, and the fact that they will have to pass the Heads on their return voyage to Sydney, to entertain them at a public demonstration in Melbourne by way of expressing the feeling entertainod b}- Victorians generally of the spirit in which their journey to the Soudan , was conceived, and the admirable manner in which, as the representatives of Australia, they comported themselves in Egypt. A public banquet to the contingent proffered to them by their companions in arms here and a reception and march through the streets of the city would do much towards knitting more strongly the feeling of j Australasian unity. CARRIAGE of BUILDING STONE.-We learn that granite stone, kerbed or dressed for building, and flagging, dressed or otherwise, is henceforth to be charged and carried on tho Victorian railways ! under the same rates and conditions as agricultural produce. ERECTION" of RAILWAY WORKSHOPS.-The Age says :-An unfounded statement has gained cur rency in Castlemaine to the effect that the Rail- j way Commissioners after due consideration have decided to erect railway workshops in that district. So far from this being the case the commissioners, in consequence of the great pressure of work neces sary in making preparations for the construction of now lines, have been compelled to allow the question of erecting railway workshops in the principal provincial cities and towns to remain in abeyance for the present. SHARING THE EXPENSE OF THE CONTINGENT. Lieutenant-colonel Smith, speaking in Sydney (says the S. At. Herald), at the dinner given to the Ballarat Bowling Club visitors, said:-" If the Parliaments of the surrounding colonics were to do right, they would say to New South Wales 'You have set us a noble example, and we do not think it is fair to ask your people to bear all the cost, as we are all connected with it. Further, we have m the money market recently obtained a position we would not have obtained but for your action, and, therefore, we a=k you to permit us to pay our own share of the expenses.' I do not know if New South Wales would allow it-(A voice-'No.')-but I certainly think the other colonies ought to do it, and if it is proposed in our Parliament there is one member who will support it, and that is on9 of the members for Bailarat West." STOLEN Piiopekty UNEARTHED.-Tha Age says: -A singular discovery of a quantity of stolen pro perty of considerable value was made on Friday morning in the Yarra Park. A gardener named Kelly, who lives in Lord-street, Richmond, was the finder. At about ten o'clock he was digging around a large tree near the river, in the south eastern corner of the park, when his spade turned up a lot of silver and electro-plated articles, which appeared to have been only recently buried. Some of the plated ware appeared to have formed part of a large and valuable candelabrum, broken j up, the pieces of which were lmmiuered togother, as if for melting down. Kelly after unearthing the articles sent word to the South Richmond police-station, to which the property was removed. It is supposed to be tho proceeds of more thau one burglary recently committed on the Toorak road, and near St. John's Church in thiit locality. AN INTERESTING CASE.-'The "Herald" say.-: Some astounding disclosures are expected to be made in the. action Pennefather v. ilobion sot down for hearing in the Supreme Court, on Tu.s day next. The dispute has arisen in connection with saw-mills in the Echuca district, where Mr. Pennefather practises as a barrister. The case is exciting some interest in the legal world, and leading members of the bar may be called upon to assume positions in the witness box on behalf of the defendant. EAGI.eiiawk Waiwex'S COURT.-Sir. Webster attended at this court mi Saturday. An applica tion to obtain an order that tho registration of Patrick Sharkey's residence area in Victoria btreet, and registered in the books of the mining registrar at Eaglehawk as No. 1,791, bearing date 23rd October, 1SSS, be cancelled, on the ground that there is no habitable dwelling erected there on, and there has not been a habitable dwelling erected thereon for a period of at least three con secutive months, ivas preferred by Alfred Harris. Mr. Hornbuckle appeared for the applicant, v.-ho deposed that tho defendant, although he had tho area pegged out since the 23rd October, 1SS4, had not erected any improvements thereon. The area was ordered to be cancelled, with £3 3s costs. There was no oth< r business. 'faA-Ciso THE QCEEX's Descent.-A recent issue of the "Scottish American Journal" contains a digest of a lecture delivered in Brooklyn by Mr. Edward Hines, of London, in which he endeavois to prove that Queea "Victoria is actually descended from David, King of Israel. Mr. Hines, after largely quoting scripture, goes on to show that uci cording to history, after the death of Zedekial) his daughter Tee Tepbl from the oast, and a descen dant of the House of David, wept to Ireland in tha j-ear 580, B.C., with Oilam Folia (the Revealer). The king of Ireland, llereiuon, v/no was aa idolater, fell in love with the princess :>f the east, and proposed marriage, bat Ollam Folia, her guardian, decided that it was unlawful for an idolater to marry a descendant of the Psalmist, but that if Heremon would abolish Baalism in his kingdom the ceremony could be performed. It was accordingly abolished, and Tee Tephi became tlie Queen ol Ireland. From Tee Tephi he traced the lineage though a long li=t to King Fergus of Scot land," A.D. -43/, and from Fergus to King James VI of Scotland, afterwards King James I of Eng. land. From him to Queen Victoria tha descend ancy is of course plain Such is Mr. Hines' reasoning, and it shows (say3 the " Herald") how readily some people can prove what they like to their own satisfaction from the Bible. COURSING MATCH TROPHY.-Our Castlemaine correspondent oil Saturday wrote:-The hard some trophy consisting of a silver tea and coffee service and salver, valued at 2D guineas, and presented by Messrs. J. G. vTeddeU and K. J. Moorhead, vico-prssidents of the Sandhurst, Maldon and Bariughup Coursing Club for the first dog in the puppy stakes to be run off on Wednesday next, was on view in the window of Mr. K. G. Ure, tobacconist, th;s evening. The tropliv was greatly admired by a large num ber of persons, and reflects great credit upon the establishment of Messrs. Joseph and Co., watch makers of Sandhurst. The trophy will be on view in Maldou on Monday and Tuesday next. CARRIER PIGEONS AT SEA.-A Sydney telegram in Saturday's " Herald " says The Lusitania was tested yesterday outside the Heads in speed, evolutions, and gun practice. She answered ad mirably. She will probably be manned by offi cers and blue jackets from H.M. sailing schooners, and it is expected will leave for Melbourne at an early date. A number of carrier pigeons were tried from the ship to the shore when twelve miles east uf the port. They answered satisfactorily, and it U expected they will be adopted by all men-of-war for all coastal work of communication with the shore. OFFICER OF HEALTH AND ANALYST. - The Central Board of Health lias approved of the appointment of Dr. J. Boyd as officer of health to the Hunfcly Shire, and of Mr. R. Bloomfield Rees, as analyst to the Marong Shire. ASSIGNEETIF INSOLVENT ESTATES.-Mr Andrew W. H. White has been appointed assignee of in solvent estates for the Midland Insolvency Dis trict, acting at Echuca, rice Mr. James Shackell whose resignation has been accepted. ST. JAMES' HALL.-On Saturday evening Hugo's Buffalo Minstrels gave their final performance to a crowded house. The company have had a run of five weeks, the longest accorded to any company that has visited Sandhurst. A first-class pro gramme was presented, the various performers being well received. The amateur Highland fling competition for the championship of Sandhurst,and a silver cup presented by Mr. Charles Hugo, was won by Master Robert Miller after a very close contest. The company appear at Inglewood to night. INSPECTORS OF SLAUGHTEB-BOUSES.- The ap pointment of Constable Short for the Borough uf Raywood, and Constables Monks and Myers for Swan Hiil, as inspectors of slaughter-houses, is notified in last Friday's Government G^elte. CITY POLICE COUNT.- Messrs. M. Rundell and R. B. Anderson, J A.I'., sat on the Bench on Saturday. One drunkard was fined 2s 6d, 2J hours' imprisonment being ordered in default of payment. H. B. Gatenby, charged with leaving his wife without means of support, was remanded until Tuesday, and was ordered to find one surety of £5 for his appearance. The court then ad journed. THE VIVIAN DRAMATIC COMPANY.-The Vivian Dramatic Company will commence a season of six nights at the Royal Princess Theatre, opening with the drama *' Queen's Evidence." The piece, which has been played in Sandhurst before, will be remembered as a sensational and emotional yet withal amusing drama. Miss Helen Vivian will sustain the part of Kate Medland, while all the other characters in the piece will be incapable hands. A change has been made in the cast, Mr, John Hesford will take the part of Sir Frederick Sydney and Mr. Beresford that of Joe (the Loch keeper). The prices are all popular, and good support should be accorded to the -company throughout the week. MORE BUNGLING IN THE DEFENCE DEPARTMENT. -A little matter in connection with the Easter encampment at Fraukston (says the "Bulla rat Star ") has come to light, but as it is pre bably unknown to the executive officers of the Defence department, it is given as re ceived from reliable authority. When the encampment was broken up, the tents, which weie damp from rain, were packed up careiessly, with out being dried, and stowed away, no further at tention being given to them, and although repre senting a large amonnt of money they are now valueless, being mildewed and rotten. The crockeryware in use was also stowed away in a hurry, and not even washed or packed so as to prevent breakage, while the iron or tin utensils, in considerable quantity, were allowed to lie in such a filthy state that they are all so corroded and rusted as to be entirely useless. The statement ia vouched for, and certaiuly the matter de3ervca inquiring into. A CONTRAST.-There is a marked contrast (says the " Herald ") between the defence measures in New South Wales and those in Victoria, and un fortunately very much to the disadvantage of this colony. It is matter of notoriety that there are not nearly sufficient small arms in Victoria, and vet for all that is known to the contrary, the 'Minister of Defence is worrying himself about shoulder knots and such trumpery, and neglecting to sand for a supply of what is the most necessaiy to make our forces efficient. In Sydney 15,000 Martini- Henry riiles have been ordered, and 3,500 have already arrived. When the whole lot are to band, and the 500,000 rounds of ammunition given to New South Wales by the Imperial Government has bean received, the sister colony will have a fairly good supply of rifles and ammunition. Some time since wheu offered 5,000 Martini-Henry aud 5,000 Winchester rifles the Minister of Defence declined the offer, on the ground that there were plenty of rifles in the colony. Everyone knows this is not the fact. DEATH FROM TYPHOID.-A youth named John Stahl, aged 16, admitted to the general hospital on the 10th instant, died on Saturday from typhoid fever. In consequence of the Queen's Birthday Tjein^ tej-t upto-day,t!io usual sale at Messrs. James Andrew aud Co.'s w-ill not take place. Messrs. Hol>son and Lovkt announce tliat their auc tion rooms will be closed all day in honor of tlie Queen's Birthday. i t In the paragraph in Saturday's issue re tlie Trades and Labor Uonncil meeting it was stated that Mr. P. Hovle represented the Furriers. It slioold have been P. (Joyle. We liave been requested "by Mr. M'Elroy to say that although business is suspended for to-day, the ball dress window will be exposed to view, by request, as announced in another column. 