? V N at theltarrMjcB m^costae -»flterectlfiS?Sn: "Be wen Street was j^rformed on Thoraday afternoon, with gKsot iciai. The weather was unexceptionable, and - the attendance, on the ocoasion was very large, and incla led inahy - country people, who had come to Kyneton to attend the ordinary fair. Commissioner,.iloffard, .Major?.jBark«r,M Adjutants Veal and Barritt, ana a number of officers, returning from the Council which had been held in Melbourne, on the previous day, arrived by the mid-day, train. The visitor who attracted most attention was the standard-bearer of the •Castlemaine corps. He is a young man who stands 6ft 6in in his stockings, and' who is famous as wearing the largest boots of any man in the colony. They measure 19 inches in length, and are 6 inches wide across the sole. Shortly after half-past three o'clock the corps formed in procession. at the Temperance Hall, the band to the front under Staff bandmaster Hellings, and led by the Castlemaine Giant, carrying a standard, the principal streets were paraded, a halt being made at the site of the barracks. The building was gaily decorated with flags and evergreens, and a platform had been erected in front. The concourse was large and some 2000 persons had assembled. The proceedings began with singing the hymn " Jesus I'he Name High Over All" after which prayer was offered by Adjutant Veal, in charge of the district, Adjutant Barritt, recently from England, and Commissioner Howard. Another hymn was song, and)the Commissioner read the 3rd Chapter of Ezra. Major Barker then addressed the gathering arguing that the work of the Army was not all show, and relating the - incidents connected with the reclamation of a youth recently released from Pentridge. Commissioner Howard briefly referred to the work of the. Army and its progress since operations had been begun in the colony, two and a half years ago. The Kyneton birracks would make No 16, and the approximate cost of the building would be £1300. accommodation being 1 provided for 850 persons. The barracks was expected to. be opened for worship in about two months. In Victoria the Army had 14 freeholds (iaclusive of Kyne-; ton), seating 15,000 people. The total tost of those buildings was Ll9,000 including, the Prison Gate Brigade Home and officers' quarters at Castlemaine. There are 30 leaseholds seating 16,000 people, so that there was accommodation . in Victoria for 31,000 persons. This was something to praise God for, even on the part of those who perhaps did not agree with all the ways of the Army. Thousands had been w brought to a knowledge of God, and dur, in3 the past six months, on the average, 250 persons were found each week at the penitent form of the Army in Victoria. It was not meant to say that all these persons became steadfast Christians, but that the operations of the Army served-to induce penitence in so many people, showed that the Holy Ghost was with them. The Hon. Mr Toting and Cr J. Palmer were then handed polished mahogany mallets, bearing inscriptions on silver plates, commemorative of the occasion. The stones were placed in recesses left for their reception in the wall, and after the customary three taps with the mallet, were declared to be " well and truly laid." Mr Young then addressed the assemblage and expressed surprise at seeing so many people present. It spoke well for the sympathy the people of Kyneton felt for the work of the Army. What the Army was doing in Kyneton he did not know, but he knew something about the work done in Melbourne. It was outside the religious element, of which he did not know much, but from what he did know he wished the Army " God Speed." Mr Ifoung then referred to the work ef the Prison Gate Brigade, which is now so well known, and said that if the Army did nothing more than attempt the reclamation of criminals work which most people were only ready to do by - proxy —it was deserving the greatest credit He had attended two Army meetings—one of them at Collingwood— and was surprised to see the halls filled with people who had ^apparently done a hard day's work, and who were evidently influenced by intense earnestness. The Army had had remarkable progress, and that after only fourteen months in Kyneton such a large building was required, he regarded as a sign for good. He desired to return thanks for. the honor conferred upon him hi inviting him to 'be present and-to lay -the .stone, He also desired to bave 'the opporhinity of expressing his approval of the work done by the Army, and to wish it " God Speed." (Cheers). Mr Palmer'apdke "briefly and said that though not a Salvationist' he took the greatest interest in the work of the Army which he had closely watched since opening at Kyneton. More good had resulted from its work than from that of any other religious organization. He had much pleasure in being present, and thanked Major Barker, and the Salvation Army for the invitation to be present. (Cheers). A'collection was then taken up, and after brief addresaos .by Adjutants Veal and Barritt.-and Mr W.Brereton, the proceedings terminated. ' - . The next line in the programme was a t^a meeting in;theTemper»nce Hall which was attended by about 450 persons. The catering was< admirably carried out: by Messrs Garner and Howlett , The interval between the tea and the evening' meeting was taken up with a torchlight procession, band to the frpnt, in which about 250 members of the Army took part. At intervals along the line of march colored fires were burnt which lent a weird effect to the spectacle. The demonstration concluded with a "Great Rejoicing Meeting'" in the Mechanics', presided over by OorHmiasioner Howard. The hal] was crowded to excess and many persons were /unable ;to.-get inside. The proceedings did not differ materially from the usual Sunday - afternoon meeting, but the addresses and testimonies were mostly ly officers and soldiers' from .other st$|ion3. The colJeQtions amounted io about L22 which included a cheque for L5 from,the Hon Mr Young. The whole"demonstration was ably carried out by Quartermaster Bain, the clerk of works, and the police under Sergeant Manson, rendered valu able qsajstsmce, • 