A Transformation Scene, By Rolf Boldkewood. 'Look alive, boys,' said Hugh Tressider; ' we must slog in for tho next hour or two. Getting dark, and going to be a wet night; but if we don't loss the road wc shall pull Barallan before bedtime. There we're sure of a yard and a welcome. A ni^t's sleep won't do us any harm. ' ' A night's sleep? Dashed if I've had any for a week,'' growled the head stoiskrider. ?' I'm fit to drop off thig blessed horse this minute ; and he's just the size to kick me for falling. These bloomin' BR cattle's like a niob of kanga roos for breaking and rushin' if so much as a 'possum squeals or stick breaks. But I know Mr. Bayard's is a regular stun ning place to stop at. Gentle or simple, it's all one to him. He's a gentleman, as is a gentleman ; and every working mjm in the district '11 say the same.' V All nght, Joe ; then stir up those lads and the black fellow a bit; don't let the tail cattle straggle, whatever you do. I'll go on with the le&d; my old horse will keep the track.*' 'What a thundering .wild night it's going to be,' said the drover to himself as he threaded his way through the thick growing timber, skirting the half -seen wildish herd, which, but a week from the pastures where they had been bred, were still shy, troublesome, and prone to break back at the smallest opportunity. The rain, which had h&dt-ff; during the gusty stormy day, now came down in driving sleety showers, ice-cold, and wetting to the skin the dogged silent horsemen who, by the nature of things, were incompletely clothed for resisting so serious a downfall. The cattle, beginning to low with discomfort and uneasi ness, wore with difficulty restrained from facing towards the opposite point of the compass, away from the blinding storm, which now drove full ^n their teeth. To those un acquainted with the skill acquired by long experience in this particular occupation, it would hive seemed Jitfle short of a miracle that four men and a black boy, who had also the special care of a pack horse, could guidje eight hundred head* of unwilling, half r wild cattle through a thickly timbered country on so dark a night, with rain and storm to complicate matters withal. But it was possible. It was done, well and effectively. The leader's horse, an Arab-looking gray, visible from time to time, denoted accurately each turn and direction of the road. The quick eye of the stock-rider was seldom at ?ftmlr, and detecting each straggling animal was instant to urge, a wheel before separation from the' main body took plage. The gregarious habit of cattle was in their favour, as also their indispositionto straggle over rguch in the darlaiess. When they are doubtful the piercing organ of the man of the woods proper was called into play. His decision was prompt and unerring. ? It was : ' Me see 'um two fellow cow, and that one red bullock yaaalong a gully, likit picanninv way. You hold 'em this one pac&horse;, me fetch 'um. And back they came accordingly. One hour, thai another, had slowly passed. The rain had ceased but the heavens were ebon black and murky. Still rode the man, who had first spoken, at the head of the great drove, which, lowing from timo to time, kept plodding monotonously forward, at other times silent and all but soundless as & procession of ghostly beeves escorted by a company of spectre horsemen. Wet and weary, chilled to the bone, too dispirited to speak— indeed conversation would have been difficult under the circumstances of compulsory separation — the jaded stock riders moved on ; the rain drops showering from the leaves as they brushed from time to time, under the low-growing shrubs and sapling eucalyptus ; the horses' feet sinking deeply in the boggy clay and decomposed gravel of the forest; or plashing shoulder deep through the mnqnhun streams that crossed their track : their watchful outlook strained and concentrated to the fullest, each man to his allotted station. It was a phase of Australian backwoods life not always credited to the much-enduring bushman. ' By George, this is a hard life,' soliloquised the weary pioneer, for such he had been, in more than one colony, as be sat stiff, sore, and aching in every limb upon his gome but over-tired horse. ' Hold up, old 'inan, you haven't had the saddle off your back, nor I my clothes, for the last six and-tliirty hours ; but another half-hour will see you in a good paddock and me in Barallan parlour, with tne cattle safe inside of post and rails, if we havn't taken 'a wrong track. Only for Bandah wc should have followed the old Bundoorah-road, a mile back, and found ourselves in the middle of a howling scrub, with a strong chance of losing these confounded BR cattlc, the worst herd to drive in the district, and no more likelihood of bed or supper thau if we were afloat on a raft. And here, the travel- worn bushman, sodden and soaked, splashed and sleepy as he was, laughed aloud at the absurdity of the conceit. Managing to light Ids pipe again, by sheltering the match with his shut hand against the night-wind, in a manner peculiar to backwoods' Australians, he was silent for a wlnle. Then recommenced : 'Yes, a hard life, this of mine; work and anxiety by day and by night, wet and dry, hot or cold, burnt 'up and scorched in the summer, half drowned and starved with cold in the winter — and all for what? Just for a decent living, with little enough chance of putting by anything for a rainy day — I mean for a dry season,' he added, with another laueh. ' Well, thougli it isa hard life, I wouldn't exchange it for everyday work in a merchant's office, in a bank, or a Government department. These may be very well for some people, but they wouldn't suit Hugh Tressi der at all. Give me the open air for it ! And then, hard as the occasional rubs are, you have the benefit of contrast, and enjoy it all tho more, as I shall a good supper and a good bed, *wliicli I'm morally certain to drop in for to night. What a trump that Arnold Bayaid is. If all squatters were like him, travelling would be a luxury and a privilege. Besides I have the comfort of thinking — and it does keep me from being a peg too low at times — that ali my hard work has not been for my own advantage, and I have benefited others. Bless all their hearts ! How I wish I could do more for them. Was that a dog's bark ? Yes, by Jove ! and there's the Barallan paddock fence on the left ; it makes a wing to the stockyard. Right you are, old man' (to his horse) 'we can't go wrong now ; we'll go back, and help a bit with the tail.' Making back to the next foremost horseman on the out side, Tressider shook up the leg-weary but still game and willing hackney, and finding his way to the rear informed all hands of the change in their immediate prospects, with the certainty of a speedy entrance into a haven of rest' and reflection. . The intelligence had a distinctly stimulating effect. The pace of the drove was perceptibly quickened. Hen, dogs, and horses seemed to have acquired new life and spirit. In less than half an hour the cattle were safely bestowed in a capacious stockyard, the gates carefully secured, and the whole paity dismounted before the out buildings of Barallan Station. Though it had been dark for four hours by the watches of the night, it was not more thau half-pa6t 10 by the clock. Lights were still visible in the principal building, and a blazing fire in the men's kitchen showed that the cook was all alive, or had very lately retired. A tall man with an abundant beard now advanced, and looked earnestly in the face of Tressider as he advanced to meet him. ' 6h, it's you, old man,' he said, in a voice every intonation of which bespoke kindly unequivocal, wel come. 'I expected you yesterday, or l-efore. What a drenching you must have 'had this miserable day ! Mrs. Bayard has gone to bed, but there's nothing to prevent you and me from being comfortable for another hour. Of course the cattle are in the yard ? ' 'Yes.' ' Well, look here! you fellows put your horses through that wicket-gate. Capital feed inside, and not too big a paddock. Old Joe hasn't turned ill yet. He'll soon have supper ready for you. And, hold on, when you've turned out vour horses, come up to the back door of the house. A glass of grog all round won't hurt any of you this cold night.' ' Thank you, Mr. Bayard,' was tho reply from the oldest stock-rider. In 15 minutes at the outside Hugh Tressider was enabled to realise the justice of his proposition— that from the great contrast of existence the essence of pleasure is extracted. His waterproof valise had furnished a complete change of dry garments, arrayed in which he was seated before a blazing fire, subsequent to the absorption of a glass of hot grog. A substantial meal was imminent, and he watched the neat-handed Phyllis deftly covering that hos pitable board. In his opinion life had but few avenues of higher enjoyment open to him. Arnold Bayard, the owner of the station, a wealthy and much respected magnate in the land, had a particular fancy for this young fellow, whoih he watched enjoying himself after his day, or indeed days, of toil and travail, with i paternal benevolence. 'A deuced hard-working, honourable, well-principled youngfellow,' he was wont to say. 'Every one ought to do him agood turn. I wish all the young ones were like hiui . His father, Captain Tressider, an old Waterloo veteran, bought that farm of theirs on the Upper Hunter, instead of a station in the old days, and ruined himself trying to grow oranges and olives, and all that rot, instead of sheep and cattle. When he died Hugh was left with his mother, and the little brothers and sisters to look after. Quite a boy himself, too. He buckled to it then, and it has been all against collar with him ever since. Working like a nigger, and living like one, too, sometimes, but he has managed to keep them going, and pay for their education, though ho came off rattier short himself. Never mind that ; I say he is as true a gentleman as ever stepped, and . some day he must cotue out right. The Tressiders are high enough in -point of birth. There's a title, too, in the family, I'm told, if the next heirs at home were cleared off, but of course Hugh'6 too practical a fellow ever to bother his head about that.' Thus for, Mr. Bayard. But this was only to strangers'. Most of the people in the district knew so much, and honoured Hugh Tressider accordingly. Nobody could be poorer; no one could work harder. But curious as it may seem to those people who persist in manufacturing a stage Australia for themselves, which is as like the country as the English milord of the Porte St. Martin, with his ' Boule-dogue,' his . top coat, and his ever-present 'god-dam,' to the real aristocrat. There aro few places where gentle birth and the manners which chiefly accompany that accidental circumstance are more truly honoured. So it m ill not be coneideredas anything very wonderful by Austra lians that Hugh Tressider, though only a drover, who received a certain sum per head for the conveying of large lots of cattle from one part of the colonies to another, was known to 4-e the son of a retired military officer, to be pro verbially just, true, and self-respecting in all his dealings, was held in high estimation accordingly, and took rank socially yrith the bast people, many of whom could of course have counted a thousand pounds to his every one. Hugh slept the sleep of the just that night, it may be ^onfidjently stated — the delicious, dreamless, utter repose 0f the fatigued worker, aluxuiy which the dwellers in 'the high places of the earth, very seldom taste. The dawn of a rriiiter's morning had; however, but faintly commenced tb tinge the lowering heavy-clouded sky when he instinc tively arose and dressmgwith expedition proceeded to stir up his men and make preparation for an early start. The hut cook, an official whose position rarely permits of morning ehimbera, was already up and had his fire Jighted, which was €9 boil tha hnge breakfast kettle. A restricted toilette suffices for road-hands in winter tune. In half an hour the horses were saddled, a breakfast of beef-steak, damper, and hot tea disposed of, the packer fully accoutred, and all was ready for the road. 'Now, boys,' says Treseider, 'I'll count the cattle out of the yard — we shan't have another chance for awhile. We've all had a good night of it, thanks to Mr. Bayard. Let them feed for an hour or two as soon as they steady to the road, and I'll overtake' you somewhere about the Burnt Hut Flat.' Having counted out his herd, which he was gratified to find turned out the correct number of eight hundred and seventy-three — a matter which might well have otherwise resulted after the darkling difficulties of the previous night — and seen them straggle out over the vet green grass, the young man betook himself with a light heart back to tit 'big house,' which he reached just in time for the family breakfast. Here were assembled all the olive branches — from Melanie, aged sixteen and giving promise of general capti- ? vation, to a rolypoly three-year-old boy, who ruled the household despotically, and sat on ' Hugh's '' knee, with wide wondering eyes scanning liis features, as if seriously considering whether or no they had met in a former state of existence. ' Very glad to see you, Mr. Tressider,' said the lady of the house — a handsome, hospitable matron, as became tbe chatelaine of Barallan and the wife of Arnold Bayard ; she couldn't well have been otherwise. 'We were afraid that you were going to be one of the mysterious gueets who come after every one is in bed, and go away before they get up.' 'Like the Avenger of Blood in ' Anne of Geierntein,' mother,' put in Melanie, with her hand on bor parent's Ann. ' There is something so weird about cattle- men. They always seem to be doing then- work at unearthly hours, or beside watcbfircs, like the people in the German legends.' ' And don't they have to light fires when they travel with sheep?' asked Jack, aged fourtoelJ, 'girls don't know anything about stock, do they, father r' ' They know quite as much as some boys who forget to fasten gates and let all the weaners box after a day's linrd drafting,' returned Mr. Bayard, with mildly reproachful emphasis. Here Mr. Jack subsided, and a certain tremulous movement of the lij- showed the effect of the reminder. Never mind, poor old man, he'll remember next time. I'm sure he was as sorry as anyone,' said the tender mother, giving a squeeze to the boy's hand. ' And now breakfast is quite ready. You had better sit here, Mr. Tressider, and you can tell me how they all were at Rimandnh, and who won the tennis match.' . ' By the way, Tressider,' said the-Master, seating him self in a contemplative way before a noble round of beef, ' There is an English newspaper and a letter for you in the smoking room ; came yesterday. We were so busy yarning over the fire last night that I forgot to tell you.' ' They'll keep till after breakfast,' said Hugh, calmly. ' There isn't a soul out of Australia that I care two straws about. I suppose some one has sent me a Times with nothing in it that can possibly concern me. Thanks ; I will take some chicken pie. I can fall back upon corned beef on the road, though one never seems to tire of it.' 'How are they all on the Allyn?'said Mr. Bayaid. ' Have you heard from home lately ?' ' Oh, doing quite splendidly,' said the young man, hi* face lighting up with an expression of tenderness which transfigured the weather-beaten features and imparted a pathetic lustre to his dark grey eyes. ' Elinor was im proving in her drawing— going to be quite an ariist : Fairy was taking lessons in singing, she always had a wonderful voice. Bob was head of his class at -school, and was safe for a scholarship if he kept up his pace. Mother was stronger than she had. been for years. I shall get back there at Christmas time if I've luck on litis jouruey, and we're going to lie no end jolly, l'he Armor-dens ar e coming over from Braidwood, and wc shall be as happy as kings — much happier, indeed, by late accounts.' ' I'm sure you deserve it,' said Mrs. Bayard, half un consciously to herself, ' but what a terrible day you must have had of it yesterday. It never ceased raining hero. It is perishing weather even now. However you can endure your life in such a season as this astonishes mc !' ' We get used to it, Mrs. Bayard, like the eels, you know. Somebody must do it, or who would buy the Barallan cattle, and get triem to market.' ' Yes, I see ; but I can't bear to think of nice people— of one's friends, you know— sitting in the saddle through these long, dismal, bitter nights, or watching by fires in the forest, like demons or ghosts.' ' That's the pleasantest part of it, I assure you. When the virtuous dro\er has eaten his supper, made up his fire, and lighted his pipe, he feels — well, nearly as comfortable as Mr. Bayaid hero when he has loeked up the house and put out the lamp for the night.' ' Here are your letters and papor, Mr. Tressider,' paid Melanie, who had quietly arisen from the breakfast table, ' I was afraid Dad wouli forget, them again. Hadn't yon better open thcin ? I would if I had letters from Eng land.' ' You have my permission,' said the lady of tho house. ' Some people are dreadfully coldblooded about letters. Fancy a woman leaving her letters unread all this time.' ' Theirs are pleasanter than ours,' murmured tho recipient. 'That is, generally speaking, lla ! this seems a different band from the last correspondent. 1 thought 1 knew the old fellow's writing well.' With the sleepless curiosity' of youth, Melanie and Jack had kept their eyes fixed upon their friend's face. To their great and unaffected surprise they observed him to flush all over bronzed cheek ana forehead and afterwards to turn deadly pale. The letters slipped from his nerveless fingers, and his eyes assumed such a fixed and strange expression that the young people were seriously alarmed. Mr. and Mrs. Bayard, with averted heads, were discussing some matters of family interest and so had escaped tho bit of melodrama. Mr. Bayard was recalled by Melanie's eager tones, ' Oh, father ! Mr. TreEsider's taken ill. He's had some bad news iu his letter.' ' Why, old fellow, what is it ?' inquired Bayard turning to him with a face of sincere concern. ' Anything gone ' wrong at home ? I didn't know you had relatives in the old country. Hugh Trcfsider stood up and looked at his good friend with a staid and serious expression, not by any means habitual. 'All is well; better than well, my dear Mr. Bayard ; I know it 'will rejoice your kind heart. But it was rather sudden, and as unexpected as an order to become Governor-General. I'm Lord Trewartha, that's all ; and there's Trewartha Castle with not much of an income yet, but a fair sum in cash at my credit to support the dignity. More will fall in when another relative dies. It rather . knocked me over at first. The thought of all I could do for the girls and Bob and tho poor mother who has slaved her soul out all these years for us. My heart struck work for a minuto or so. I nearly fainted. There's the letter.' ' Anlyou're a lord? — Lord Trewartha'!— a real live lord !' and Melanie and Jack, each taking hold of a hand and jumping up and down with wild excitement and the exu berant, unselfish joy of youth. Oh ! what fun ! Isn't it splendid. And will people have toeay, 'Yes, my lord,' and 'No, my lord?' and, 'If your lordship please?' Of course you will send these crawling B. II. cattle to Jericho.' This last was Master Jack's suggestion. ' I shall carry out my engagements, even if I were made a marquis,' said Hugh, recovering his spirits, 'which I lead, somewhere is ever so much higher- than a baron. And you are. all to call me Hugh, without Mr. or anything. That is all the difference. Otherwise I shall leave you nothing in my will. And now I must go and have a smoke with your father, -or I shall have a fit.' It was all true. Is true. For the matter of that, some thing very like it happened only-the other day, under near]}' similar circumstances. Hugh /Tressider will never more need to undertake to drive cattle 'from Kiandra (let us say) to the Paroo— or from Mount Cornish to Adelaide — at per head. Elinor and Fairy will h&ve; such private lessons and masters and general embellishment that they wiH do ruoro than pass muster among their European kiu^olk. Bob will graduate at Oxford or Cambridge, and if cter he re-visits ?». Australia^— as, being a younger brother, he probably will — ; it will -be impossible to tell him — at first sight — from the imported Anglo-Saxon aristocrat, v And HughTresader, what of liirn? As he smokes his pipe that evening by the camp fire — one of the last of - the series he' is likely to wariu himself by — what avenues of enjoyment, hitherto undreamed of, seem length ening out into vast and endless grandeur, like the Sphinx - guarded paths of Egyptian cities, all ending in wondrous palaces, purple draped and gold illumined ! The hard : -Rd homely present nearly faded oilt of sight and scnsatiai and only by an effort could be recall himself to th-; :ude primeval surroundings he was so soon to quit for ever. A . Peer of England! A man of fortune! The ennobV.-i heir of an ancient name. Free to meet and mingle with the world's best and fairest, bravest and most exalted, on terms of freedom and equality ! His foot slipped into a pool of ice-cold water amid the tussocks of f rested grass as he thoughtof all this, and with a light laugh at the incon gruity of his situation and prospects, he resumed his walk around the recumbent drove. At no distant date the Tressider family sailed for Eng land, when doubtless most of the good things jn'Jceeping with their altered fortunes were duly dis^nsei^|tp ana appreciated by them. ^ ^ 