THE MODERN MASS. It would be well for some of our earnest and liberal Protestants to do more than " protest " against the errors of the Papal Church. They might make or take opportunities of friendly discus sion with their Roman Catholic friends who, after all, can odIy remain so preiu- diced from ignorance of the truth of the case. Many of them are intelligent and well-informed persons, and profess to be servants of the Lord Jesus, while they hold sentiments and doctrines opposed to those which are clearly and plainly set forth iu God's inspired word, by our Lord himself and his holy apostles, whom they profess to reverence. They are taught to value themselves upon belonging to the most ancient Church, which they are also taught is the mistress of all other churches. It is carefully impressed upon them that every article of faith to which they are required to give as sent, comes down to them from the remotest antiquity ; that all other bodies of professing Christians are only upstarts and holders of novelties; and that they are fully justified, as belonging to a church which cannot err, in looking down upon all others with contempt. They are taught to inquire triumphantly of us — "Where was your religion before Luther ?" implying that the doctrines we hold and the principles we profess, were only known in the Christian world since the time of Luther, or a little more than three hundred years, and consequently mnst be mere modern inventions. ; We should endeavour to open their eyes upon this subject. They cannot prove any doctrine held by our Reformed Church to be a novelty, or less ancient than the times' of the apostles. In fact, in the great fundamental truths of the Christian faith, they profess to agree with ub ; and we might take some trouble to show them that those doctrines upon which their church and ours differ, and which we rejected as being inconsistent with, nay, contradictory to, those funda mentals which we in common admit, are those which have been added from time to time by their church, at comparatively modern periods. We propose to help our brother Protestants to do this in a way somewhat unusual. We will trans late their own service, which they call the " Mass," into English, and prove from the prayers of _ the Mass itself— First, that it is contradictory to God's own word — Secondly, that it is at variance with the practices of the ancient Chris tian Church ; and Thirdly, that one part contradicts the other, and also contradicts several of their own favourite doctrines. In order to prevent the charge of misrepresentation, we shall bring for ward their own authorities. Their own translation of the Testament, however obscure and corrupt we believe it to be in many places, shall be used. In the Mass it is intended to celebrate the Lord's Supper, or the Eucharist, as it is termed, which word signifies " thanks giving." Our blessed Lord, we learn by reference to the Gospels, instituted his last supper the night before his cruci fixion. We are told by the inspired evangelists of the mode in which the dis ciples partook of it — bow the Lord Jesus commanded them to do the same for a com memoration of Him. Luke xxii. 19. And we are also informed, Matt, xxviii. 18, how. previous to his ascentiou, be commanded his disciples to " go and teach all nations to observe all those things which he had commanded them," and he said, " Lo, I am with you always to the consummation of the world." " All power," said he, " is given to me in heaven and in earth;" thus impressing upon his disciples, » that he would watch over the pastors and teachers, that they may oojy inculcate those doctrines which he taught, and, as Peter says, (1st epistle, chap. v. verses 2, 4) " When the Prince of pastors shall ap pear, such as faithfully feed the flock of God shall receive a never fading crown of glory." Let us now compare the ceremonies of the Mass and the Supper of our Lord. Such are the differences, so striking are the dissimilarities, that it is impossible to say with truth that the one is a repre sentation of the other. And if we can prove this assertion, how c&n; it be said that they comply with the commands of our Lord in its celebration ? And here, at the commencement, we may well com plain of the necessity of rendering the prayers and formularies into English, in order to be understood ; and is it not a strange employment for us to endeavour to make them uudorstand the meaning of their own Liturgies ? They cannot plead antiquity for the use of the Latin in their service. If they wish for the ancient ori ginal language, they should adopt the Syriac or Hebrew, as one of these was the language spoken by our blessed Lord to his apostles at the celebration of the last supper. He was addressing persons who under stood the language in which he spoke ; but those who are unacquainted with Latin know nothing of what the priest is saying. There were several ancient Litur gies in various languages from the begin ning — St. Cyril's, St. Clement's, St. James's, St. Mark's, St. John Chrysos- tom's, the Ethiopic, and the Roman. Why was this, but to suit the languages of the several persons who were present at diviue worship ? We refer upon this subject, to a work of the Roman Church callad " A Collection of the principal Liturgies which are used by Greeks and other Schismatics," as the author terms them. All these persons who are here termed schismatics, positively assert that they have had these various Litur gies in their own languages from the times of the apostles. We men tion this only for the purpose of showing that antiquity gives no sanction to one exclusive Liturgy or language. Origen says — (Cont Celsum, lib. viii. p. 402) " The Grecians use the Greek language in their prayers, and the Romans the Roman, and so every one his own." The popes or bishops of Rome gradually compelled the various European nations who used their own language in the celebration of their public service, to adopt the Roman or Latin. This we find fully shown in many parts of church history. We proceed now to prove from Scrip ture, that this practice of using a lan guage in the service of the church, not understood by : the people, is absolutely forbidden. We refer to the 14th chapter of the 1st Epistle to the Corinthians, whereSt Paul says (8th verse)," If the trumpet give an uncertainsound, who shall prepare him self to the battle ? (9th). So likewise you, except you utter by the tongue plain Bpeech, how shall it be known what is spoken ? for you shall be speaking into the air." Read on the 10th, 11th, 12th, 13tn, 14th, 15th, 16th. " Else if ' th'ou shalt bless with the Bpirit, how shall he that holdeth the place of . the unlearned, say Amen to thy blessing, because ho knoweth not what thou sayest. Again St Paul says (19 th verse) — " In the church I had rather speak five words with my understanding, that I may instruct others also, than tea thausand words in a tongue" (a strange tongue) . Mark the expression in the church — that is, at public worship. Now, here is a simple question to Roman Gatholie friends. Does your church follow the precept of the Apostle Paul ? -4-Does she not plainly and openly dis regard the command of one of his chosen apostles, who waB sent forth to teach and enforce those things which the Lord Jesus himself had spoken. " But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach a gospel to you besides that we have preached, let him be anathema," or accursed. — So says St. Paul — Gal i. 8. In a note in the Douay Testament upon this passage, respecting the use of un known languages in the public church services, it is attempted to justify the practice by saying, that the Latin, so far from being an unknown tongue, is perhaps the best known tongue in the world. Is the writer of this note serious in supposing lie can make void the command of the apostle by such an assertion ? French, or English, or Ger man, is much more extensively spoken and understood by tbe people in Europe. Latin is not spoken as a living language now. How many would rejoice to hear the service in a language in which they could join and repeat the Amen. This, the Apostle says, in the above quotation, they cannot do, not knowing what is said. The other formularies and prayers of the church are also in Latin — baptisms, mar riages, extreme unction — by hearing which they are but little edified. The first thing they do when they attend Mass is to sprinkle themselves with " holy water," contained, in, , a stone vessel at the door. In what part of the history of our Lord's Supper do we find this practice mentioned ? "Where do: the apostles of our blessed Lord sanction it ? There were fountains outside1 the churches, or in the courts, where the people bathed their faces "and hands, in token of the purity they should - exhibit, when about to. join in the. public worship, of God. ; We find several. of the ancient fathers alluding to .this. Chrysostom, in tbe fourth' century, in his 57th Homily, speaks of these fountains as things of. common use ; and Tertullian also alludes to this custom (chap. II. De Oratore), where he asks What . is the use of going, into Dravers with washed bands, but with an unclean spirit?", Perhaps this prac tice was grounded on Hebrews x. 22. In process of time, the original design and custom 'Were changed, and the present practice was introduced, of the priest blessing the water,, and mixing it with salt to prevent its becoming putrid, and thus teaching that it was henceforth en-, dued with particular virtues. Challoner, inhis " Catholic Christian," tells us that its use " is to defend those uppn whom it is. cast from the powers of darkness." Thus, we find, many imagine that they are complying with a most ancient custom, and foolishly attribute such virtue and efficacy to this: water, that they ; even carry it to their houses, and sprinkle it over them at their private devotion, and use it for many other superstitious purposes. We repeat - the question — Where is the sanction of antiquity for doing so, for many hundred, years after our blessed Lord ? And as for \ the scriptural autho-i rities, which .Roman Catholic writers bring forward from the Old Testament-, (Num. v. 17, and xix, 9,) they have nothing in either case to do with the practice. In the one instance, it was drunk ; why do not they drink it likewise ? In the other case, it refers to bathing and purifyingthe body. See the two passages, and examine for yourselves. The only ancient custom which, at all resembles the modern practice prevailed exclusively in the Heathen Temples ; but in the Chris tian churches we challenge any proof that it prevailed for several hundred years after our Lord. It is a comparative novelty, copied from the Heathens. They also make the sign of the cross when they cast tho holy water upon then and repeat, " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." jauic we una wren tins practice is that it leads away the mind from subjects wliich constitute true protection, and makes them depend upon external forms of no value ; and we are not surprised at their doing so, when Dr. Challoner, in his " Catholic Christian," tells them, when speaking about the use of the sign of the cross, " that it waB used of old by the Holy Fathers, as an invincible buckler against the devil, and a powerful means to dissipate his illusions." _ : To be continued. Tlie Telegrams Again.— It is not easy to know who invents Reuter's tele grams, or those which our daily papers profess; to get from their "own Bpecial correspon dents." On Thursday we were told that the Afghan troops were very angry at the cession of Fenjdeh to the Russians. On Wednesday however, wo were told that Lord Granville had announced publicly that Russia and England had not come to any settlement at all, but thnt negotiations wore being continued. Why should the papers go on paying for such absurdities, as telegraphic news. Surely they cannot ahoays be believed by the senders. Waverley HI. I. Society's An niversary. — The members of the Waver ley Mutual Improvement Society celebrutod their first anniversary by a tea- meeting and social entertainment in tbe Oddfellows' Hall on Tuesday evening the 2nd instant. Tho hall was tastefully decorated with flags for the occasion, the Union Jack and the Southern Oross being conspicuous ; appropriate mottoes adorned the walls, and evergreens and flowers were neatly arranged. The tables, which were well stocked, wore presided over by the ladies of . the socioty, each vioing with other to ensure a successful gathering. In this they were not disappointed, for the Hall waB filled, and the catering gave general satisfaction. Tho social entertainment was presided over by J. Macpherson, Esq., who, in tbe course of a highly practical address, eulogised the members for their efforts in the furtherance of the objects of their society, which he briefly summarised aB the moral and intellectual improvement of its members— ho further expressed the hope that the residents of their fast- rising suburb would do their best to assist them in their laudable work. Having to attend an important meeting ho requested the President, Mr. T. Jessop to act as chairman for the remainder of the evening. Excellent addresses were given by the Revp R. McKeown, K. A. Corner, O. Moll, and J. C. Neild, Esq. Several choice selections of vocal and instrumental music, dialogues and recitations were excellently rendered by the members of tho society. The usual vote of thanks was ably moved by Quong Tart, Esq., seconded by H. G. Swynny, Esq., the pro ceedings eventually closing by the singing of the National Anthem. Bisliop Kenniou solves tlie problem.— Our suggestion concerning the solution of the ecclesiastical preceedence difficulty had we find, been tried by Bishop Kcnnion in Adelaide with gratifying results. He simply gave up his right of private entree at tho levees, and appeared as a private gentleman. Now why should Sydney bo less wiso than Adelaide ? The Romish bishop thinks much of small . absurdities like this, and so is guilty of rude and insolent inter ference for its: sake, in desiring to dictate the Governor's reception of Iub own guests. But surely such small ambitions might fitly bo left 'to him and his cloth. "Wakes.— It is pleasant to hear a Romish priest raising his voice against the horrible custom" of holding wakes which the' Holy (?) Roman Church has encouraged iri Ireland. It- is strange that a church can' call herself holy and tho only holy church and still encourugc wakes with, their attendant immorality and scenes of horror. The Voice of Warning remnrks :— " the holy (!) roman cuuroh." A Rouian Catholic priest, in a letter to a Dublin paper condemning the holding of wakes, makes some extraordinary disclo sures. Ho says: — "That tbe charaboi of death, is,, in the majority of cases, converted; into a ball of drunkenness, immorality, card- playing, kinging, and dancing, is proved by the. sad. experience of most Irish priests, which, if given, . would . open, a cliaptor of shocking records. Recently at a wake, lie found a huge measure containing drink, where before death lie could scarcely find one at tendant for tlie dying or one drop of wine to moisten. the lips. Robberies aiid outrages are also committed on the nights of the wakes. Two months ago another priest visited by night a, wake in a fashionable Dublin suburb, and he found' the corpse in a sitting, position, an umbrella tied over his head, and a clay pipe iri liis mouth. The drunken men who filled the' room were dispersed by the police. "VVakes sometimes last four. days. The priest suggests that'mortuary chapels, in connection with Cathplic churches, should be built, where the deceased could be waked in a Christian manner." Such is the terrible degradation to to which the Romisli priesthood has brought one of the finest peasantry in the world. Never will Ireland's wrongs be righted until the cause be removed. Treats for tlie Inmates of tlie Benevolent Asylums. — A few weekB ago, Mrs. Hicks, the matron of tho asylum for women at the head of King street, gave a treat to the women under her care. There are a large number of old women in the asylum who from age or infirmity arb incapable of earning a living. Several ladies and gentlemen rendered assistance, and a very successful supper and concert . was the result. Some gave their services to en tertain the old folk at a concert! and others gave fruit and other things for the supper table. One gentleman also pre sented a largo box of tobacco, which was warmly welcomed, for we regret to say the old dames are very fond of smoking ; but the most valuable assistance of all came from Mr. Quong Tart, of tho Arcades, whoso liberal charity is so well known that his name has become a household word, and there is scarce ly a laudable object in city or Buburbs that lie is not a prominent assister in. This gen tleman on being asked to assist, was astonished that he had not known of the institution be forehand he responded at once by providing tea and scones and butter, and attended the supper to serve the old dameB liberally with his own band. He also assisted at the con cert, and besides singing for them, he made a made a speech to them, beside which those of the Hon. the Minister for Education and other gentlemen who also spoke were as nothing, for they spoke only high-sounding ' words that are soon forgotten ; but Mr. Tart told them that he determined to make the treat an annual affair, and not satisfied with talking, he has put his words -into practice, for he visited the Benevolent Asylum for in digent old men at Liverpool, to endeavour to give them a little pleasure, and he has since given time and money to endeavouring to obtain subscriptions to make the treats annual affairs. He has had cards printed soliciting subscriptions for "Annual treats to the in digent poor of the Bonevolont Asylums." There are spaces for 20 subscribers' names on the cards, and each subscription is to be limited to one shilling. These he is taking tho trouble of distributing, calling on business men in town and endeavouring to interest them in this laudable charity. We wish him a full measure of success. Mr. Tart has been prosperous in hiB business undertakings, and lie always endeavours as far aB he possibly can to relieve the misery of others, so no one can begrudge him his success. Mr. Tart's energetic endeavours to pat down the opium smoking and gambling evils among the Chineso are well known, and hois determined not to rest until he succeeds in this good work. There can bo little doubt that the relations of many of the old men and women of the asylums, and of other recipients of his charity, perhaps the paupers themselves, were loud iri tho out cry against the Chinese; and' joined in ' the persecution to which they nro often sub- ' jected by the lower orders of Europeans here, and he. is heaping coals of fire' on their heads, for Mr. Tart has", sprung from the Chinese race. The presence of that one, Chinese gentleman is refutation to all ! outcries about the evils of Chinese immigration for tlioir' inferiority. ' Tlie 'moro of such, 'colonists as Mr. Quong Tart the country oan b.oast of tho better for it. Though, of course,' Mr. Tart is vastly superior to the very low class of Chinese tliat' usually come to Australia, yet : we are not riure tliat even these latter drawn as they are' from the lowest orders, are liofc tho equals of the' importations' of low, : ignorant; Roman Catholic Irish we are afflicted with here. Certainly tlie criminal records contain their names, and but few of the Chinese' race.. We' hope Mr. Tart's charitable efforts will meet with a ready response. Toy Altars. — The Ritualists, with all tlieir pretended adoration for "holy things," transubstantiated wafers and wine, candles : and perpetual "lights, crosses and crucifixes, et 'hoc genus omne ; always to us Protestants seem to deal very profanely with sacred things. Elsewhere we mention their Bihle Clnss ball and Palm Sunday '"donkey; proces sion: hero wo tell of a new toy they have in vented for their children to play with. Can it 'be conceived that with all the sacredncsB' with which they profess to 'regard their "altars " , (those . " altars " upon which they' profeBB to' "brilievri the very body .'of Christ is present,); that thoy. ' have made toy altars for their children to play with. . Yet so it is. They are sold in the ritualistic book and toy shops among crucifixes and rosaries, arid images of the virgin and of the snirits. The toy altars are vcoinpleto in every, detail, arid our mind recoils 'with horror from the sacrilege of making a plaything, of what is connected with' what' they profess to corisider the holiest rite of their' religion. It seems to us. that the Ritualists play at religion alto gether arid their embroidered' stoles, crosses, altars, thuribles, ' and pretended tnjraclo, are simply. so many playthings. They aro fond as children of " make believe." This Ritiialis- i tic irreverence, is very decidedly Romish: : In Mr. Brock's "Papers ori the Sacraments," lib remarks : — " It was tlius my attention was first called to the irreverence iri sacred things which tho Church of Rome unites to her gross superstitions. At Dijon, once, I bought an Eastor bon-bon iriade of sugar, and containing liqueur. It was half a foot long, and formed a crucifix ! Therri was the Man of Sorrows on His cross in sugar! In Dijon, also, iri a nursery I saw the little ones playing with a children's toy (common also in Belgium and I suppose through R. C. Europe), which con sisted of the various articles complete— -altar, monstrance, candles, thurible, the., used in the Mass, with officiating priests; the whole used by the children just as ours play with toy- soldiers— -the Maes, be it remembered, being tlie highest and holiest ordinance of. their re ligion. In a shop at Antwerp, where I bought a set of these toys, I also saw in lead plenty of ' Le Pere Eternal ! ' ; Shocking, too, to see in the wine list on the tables of tlie restaurants in Italy, as a wino to be drank, The Tears of Christ — ' Lacrim'je Christi 1 ' It was at Rome, riot long ago, that at table sitting opposite a monk, a very decent follow, too, I saw liim arid his companions making merry over Christ's Tears, at 34 frarics a bottle. Ho was a Penitentiary. "What a companion to merri- merit, the tears of Christ I How low must bo tlie estimate of holy things in a people when such is the name given to the wine they drink!' SalVbatll Breaking. — A subscriber in writing to us this week to complain that he had not received his Protestant Standard, re marked that he "was in hopes of seeing something in it about Dr. Moran's inarching in, procession with bands playing and flags flying on Sunday afternoon to lay a founda tion Btorie. Surely wo have harped enough upon this theme of Sunday desecration by the Romish Church. We cannot weary ourselves and readera and fill our limited space with notices of such unsabbathlike doings. The Church of Rome does not condemn them— does not consider it breaking the Sabbath to do what you pretty well like after you go to mass. In Roman Catholic countries the theatres ore open on Sundays, and all sorts of sports are encouraged, and shops are opened. In some of them bull fights are held and lotteries upon Sundays. Rome is no respecter of tho Sabbath. Hore in Aus tralia: Sundays were were' the favorite days' for so-called Irish National meetings, for Redmond meetings, at wliich prieBts spoke. The only thing they bargained for was that the meeting be held after Mass, not while it was going on. In the Roman Catholic col leges, here in this land of ours, cricket arid otlior noisy games are encouraged on Sundays. Wo thought that ovorybody know that tho Church of Rome does not disapprove of sports and processions and secular meetings, and all the usual week-day work, on the Sabbath, after mass. She does not hide it. It is only Protestants who "remember the Sab bath day to keep it holy." At St. Mary's Cathedral they have hold meetings about the building of the cathedral, upon Stindnys, and next Sunday evening the Roman Catholics are to present their archbishop, Moran, in their cathedral, with addresses from the clergy and laity, and with an illuminated album, contain ing photographs of school arid other buildings at whose foundation or completion Dr. Moran. assisted in the ceremonies. The Roman Ca tholic Church, wo again say, does riot hide its conteriipt for the observance of the Sabbath as it is observed in Protestant lands, and we did riot. think it worth while to refer to such an unusual thing as an R O. Sunday proces sion with flags, &c.;, to lav a foundation stone. A short tiuio ago wo gave an account of a' Sunday 'bull-fight in Spain; hold in honour of the' Blessed Virgin, and advertised in the Roniish Church, which reaped the profits, but even Roman Catholicism can scarcely go that far on Sunday in a Protestant country like this.- Britisli Boundary In New Guinea.— The boundaries of the British territory in New Guinea have been decided upon, and tho following cable sent to the dif ferent governors':— " Her majesty's Govern-- irient have agreed with Germany to fix the boundary of tho territory acquired by' the different countries in New Guinea as follows : "Starting on the coast near the Mitre Reck on tho 8th pnrallel, followiri tho parallel to 147 degrees east longitude, thence in- a straight line north-west to where (lie 6th parallel' cuts ; the 144th drigreo ; thence west-north-westerly" to wliere tho. 5th parallel cutB the the 141st degree. This line is calculated by tho'ap-' proximate watershed, and will divide the ter ritory nearly equally. (Signed) Derby." Another Escaped Nun;— The Same Old Story.— Why will riot' the people of the land insist upon convents being inspected like oilier asyluuiB. From the Benediction Convent at East Bergholt, Suf folk, close to Colchester, in Essex, a nun has escaped with difficulty. The press at home has been ringingwith the story. One of the dreadful illustrations in tho. Police News is a' picture of the escapee, and shows nuns in full cry 'after her. Thri sarae old story of awful cruelity arid immorality in tlio convent life'is told by this latest escapee, that lias been told by every other escapee in every country in the world. Why should this bo allowed to exist in our- midst ? Here in Australia there must be abusos as in other countries. In .the nariiri of Grid then, as you love liberty and hope for mercy, give the poor women impri soned in the convonts a chance every year to come out if they wish. Re-vised Version of tl&e; Old Testament. — In a very short time the firBt copies of the revised translation of the old testament scriptures will reach our shores'. The Revision company was constituted iri June'1870,1 and since then for nearly 15 years the greatest classical scholars of the age have laboured carefully rind increasingly upon tlie great task thoy had- undertaken. 85 sessions have been held,, the majority of which lasted nine days of six hours eaoh. The sessions were: held-iiri' the Jerusalem chamber, well- known to lovers of Shakespeare as the scene of the death of King Henry IV, arid in the library at Westminstrir Abbey. Much use wriB made of the marvellous German trans lation' by the great Reformer Martin Luther. An American firm offered £1000 for an ad vanced copy of tho revised version, in order to forestal the market, and very nearly succeeded in getting it feloniously ; but the scheme was discovered and frustrated and additional pre- . cautions for secresy taken. It is being printed by the University presses of Cambridge and Oxford, and the sale has been enormous. It is hoped that the new translation will render clear many prophecies and other passages of the Old Testament which are misty in the authorised version. 