I SAY NO : OB, the love-letter answered By Wilkie Collins. The exoloiive rlghi of publication in New South alo3 as bsen parcbeisd b,- tho proprietor! ol tbe ' Daily Tolo- trapb." BOOK THE FIFTH,— THE COTTAGE, Chapter XLIX, EMILY SUFFERS. lira Ellmother — left in charge of Emily'q pla;e of abode, and feeling sensible of her lonely posi tion from time to time — bud just though of trying tho cheerinc influence of a cud of tea. when nhn beard a cab draw up at the cottage gate, A violent ring at the bell followed. She opened the door and found Emily on the steps. One look at that dear and familiar luce was enough for the old iervant. 'God help us," she cried," what's wrong now ?" Without a word of reply, Emily led the way into tbe bed- chamber which had been the scene of Hiss Letitia's death. Mrs Ellmother hesitated on tbe threshold. "Why do you bring me in h, re I" she asked, "When did you try to koep me out?" Emily answered, " Why did I try to keep you out, miss 1" "When I camo home from school to nana my sunt. Ah, you remember now I Ie it trns— I a>k you here, where your old mistress died — Is it true that my aunt deceived me about my father's death, and that you knew it ?" There was dead silence, Mrs Ellmother trem- bkd horribly — her lips dropped apnrt— her eyes wandered round the room with a Btare of idiotic trrior. "Is it her geost tells you that?" she whispered, " Where is her ghost ? The room whirls round and round, mis3 ; and the air sings in my eBrs,' Emily sprang forward to support her. She s'agsered to a chair, Bnd lifted her great bony hands in wild entmsty. " Don't frighten me," she said, " Stand hick." F.mily obeyed her. She dashed the cold sweat off ber forehead. " You were talking about your father's death just now," she burst out, in deipe- iBte defiant tones, "Your father died of heart complaint I" ' My father died murdered in the inn at Zee- land 1 All tbe long way to London I have tried to dcubt it, Oo, mc, 1 know it now !" Answering in tbeso words, she looked towards the bed. Harrowiog remembrances of her aunt's delirioui sslf-bttrayal made the room unendurable to her. flhe ran out, The parlour door was open, Enlericg the room s"e passed by a portrait of her lather, which her au:,t liai hung on tho wall over the fireplace, She thr.-w herself on thesofaand burst into a passionate lit of crying. " Oh, my father, my dear, genilf, loving rather, my first, bsat, truest friend— murdered ! murdered I Oh, Uod, where was Your jinnee, where was Your mercy, whsn be died tba; dreadful dcaih?" A hand was laid on ber shoulder ; a voico said to her, " Hush, my child ! God knows best." Kmily looked up, and saw that Mrs Kilnuther had followed her. " You poor old soul," she sa d suddenly remembering ; 1 frightened you in the ether room." ' I have got over it, my dear. I am old, and 1 have lived a hard life. A hard life schools a person, t make no coaipl dots ; 1 learnt my leston before you were born." She stopped, and begun to shudder again. "Will yi.u "believe mo if i tell you something?" she tsVed, " I warned my Bolf-willud mistress, farcing by your father's coflio, I warned her. Hide the truth as ;ou m»y (I eaid), a time will ccnre whin our child will know what you are keeping from her now. Oca or both of us may live to see it. I am the one who has Jjrsd ; no refuge in tho grave for me. I want To hear about it — thi-reV no fear of frighten- irg or hurting me now— I want to hear how you found itou'. Was it by accident, my dear, or did a person tell you ?" Emily's mind was Sn away from Mrs Ell- moiher. She rose fivva the 59-fa, with her handi , d?ii fast ov»r Iter aOlt.Sg har.il, "Tbe one duty of my life," she said ; " 1 am Ibirkiug of the ooe duty of my Iff . Look ! I am | eelm now; I am reigned to my hard lot, Nj.ver ; never again can the dear memory of my fathor be ! what it was 1 From this time, it is the horrid I memory ot a crime. The crime has gme uu- ; punished ; the man has escaped others. He shall i not escape me," She pauiod, and looked at Mrs ' Ellmother absently. 'What did you say just ; cow? You want to he»r how I know what I know ? Naturally ! naturally I 8it down here — fit dowD, my old friend, on the sofa with me — and take your mind bask to Nethsrwoods, Alban Morris " j Mrs Ellmother recoiled from Emily in dismay, i " Don't tell ue bu had anything to do with it ! ; .Tee kindest of men, the b.st ot man 1" " The man of all men living wno loast deserves ycur good opinion or mine," Emily answered, sternly. "You!" Mrs Ellmother exclaimed, "yon say that," " I say it. He who won on ma to like him, ha »»« jx the conspiracy to deceive me and yon know it 1 Heheard me talk of tho newsptper Btory of the murder of my father — I say be heard ma talk of it composedly, talk of it carelessly, in ths inno cent belief that it was the murder of a stranger, and he never opeoed hla lips to prevent that horrid profanation I He never even said, 'Speak cf something tlee, I won't hear you. No, more of btm 1 God iorbid I should ever aee him again, No ! Do what I told you. Carry jour mind back to Netheiwooda, 0.ia night you let Franoine de 8or frighten you. You ran away from her into tho garden. Keep quiet 1 At your age must I set jou an example ot self- control ?" " I want to knew, Miss Emilr, where Francine dc Ber ia now." "She is at the house in tha country which I have left." " Where dees she go next, if you please ? Back to Miss I.add ?" " 1 suppose so. What interest have yon in know ing where Bhe goes next?" " I won't interrupt yon, miB?. It's true that I lan away into tbu garden, 1 can guess who fol lowed me. How did she lied ber way to me and Mr Morris in the dnrk " The smell of tobacco guided her ; she knew who smoked ; she had Been him talking to yoa on that very day ; she followed the scent; Bhe heard what you two said to each other, and she has repeated it to me, Ob, my old friood, the malice of a revengeful girl has enlightened rae when yon, my nurse, and he, my lover, lefc me ia the dark — it his told me bow my father died, " That's Baid bitterly, miss !" " Is it said truly "No ; it ien'i Baid truly of myself. God knows you would never have been kept in the dark if your aunt had listened to me. I begged and prured ; 1 went down on m7 knees to her ; 1 warned her, as I told yon jnst now. Mast I tell yoa what a headstrong woman Mba Letitia was ? Shs in sisted, She pnt the choice before me of leaving her at once and for over or giving ia. I wouldn't have given in to aoy other creature on the face of this earth, I um obstinate, as you have often told me, Well, your aunt's obstinacy beats mice ; I wub too fond of her to Bay no. Besides, if ?ou ask me who was to blame in tho first place, 1 tell youit wasn't jour aunt— she was frightaaed into it," " Who Lightened her ?" "Your godfather — tho great Loudon surgeon — he who was visiting in our house at ths time," "Sir Richaid?" " Yes ; Sir Richard, He said he wouldn't answer for the consequences, in the delicate state of yonr hea'th, if we told yon tho truth, Ah, be bad it all his own way after that, Ha want with MUs Letitia to the inquist j ho won over the coroner and tho newspaper men to his will ; he kept your aunt's name out of the papers ; he took charge of the coffin ; he hired the undertaker and his men— strangers from L-mdon ; he wrote the certificate — who but he? Everybody was cap in hand to the famous man 1" " Sorely the servants and the neighbours asked qufsiions ?" "Hundreds of questions! What did that matter to Sir Richard? They wore like so many children in his hands, And, mind you the luck helped him. To begin with, there was the common name. Who was to pick out your poor father among the thousands of Jemes BrowDs? Then, again, tha house aud lands went to the male heir, as they called bim — tbo man your futh-r disagreed with in the bygone time. He b'ough; his own establishment with him. Long befire y >u got back from tbe friends yoa ware staying with — don't you runembe- ' ? — we had cleared out of tbe hoiv were miiei and miles away, and ;i- -i if' wre AlKQiri, flndli'i a " ' :t they could, How could jou suspeot us ? We had nothing to fear in that way ; bat my conscience pricked me, I made another attempt to prevail on Mis3 Letitia when you had recovered yonr health, I said : 1 There is no fear of a relapse now, Break it to her gently, but tell har the truth.' No, Your aunt was too fond of you. Sha daunted mo with dreadful fiis of crying when I tried to persuade hc-r. And that wasn't the worst of it. She bade me remember what an excitable man your father was ; Bhe reminded me that the misery of your mothei's death laid him low with brain fever. She said: 'Emily takes after her father; I have heard you say it yourself. She has his constitution and his eonsitive nerves. Don't you know how she loved him— how she talks of him to this day ? Who can tell, if we are not careful what dreadful mischief we may do?' That was how my mistress worked on me, I got infected with her fears ; it was as if I had caught an infection of disease. Ob, my dear, blame rae, if it mu3t be, but don't forget bow I have suffered for it since! I was driven away from my dying mistress, in terror of what she might say whiie yon were watching at her bedside, I have lived ia fear of wba: you might ask me, and have longed to go back to yon, and have not had tha courage to do it, Look at me now !" Tho poor woman tried to take out ber handker chief ; her quivering hand helplessly entangled itself in her dress, "I can't even dry my eyes," she said, faintly, " Try to forgive me, miss," Emily put hor arms round the old nurse's neck and kissed ber. For awhile they were Bilent. Tr.rongh ths window that was open to the little garden cimi tbe one sound that conld be beard —tbe gentle trembling of leaves in the evening wind. The silence was harshly broken by the ball at tbo aottage door. They bo h started, Emily's heart beat fast, " Wdo can it bs? " Bhe said, Mrs Ellmother rose. " Soil I say you can't tee anybody ?" she asked before leaving the room. " Yes ! ye6 !" Emily heard the door opened, heard low voices in the passage. Thoie was a momoatuy iutrrv.al. Then Mrs Ellmother returned, She said nothiug. Emily spoke to her. " Is it a visitor ? " " Yes," " Have yon said I can't see anybody ? " " I coulun't say it," " Why not ? " " Don't be hard on bim, my dear. It's Mr Alban Morris." ("To be continued.T 