Itetcler. Spring.Hlceled Jack. (From All The Year Round.) IT is now nearly hell a century since the in. habitants of London and its suburbswere kept in a constant state of terror by a man, who, under various disguises, would suddenly ap pear before theaunanspenting pedestrian, and, after having nearly frightened the traveller out of his or her senses, would as suddenly disappear with terrible bounds, leaving the ;mpression upon his affrighted victim that his Batanio Majesty had condescended to pay him a visit in person. Evening was the time gene. rally chosen bythis'eccentrio character for his exploits, and, doubtless, there are many living who can recollebt the pang of fear which shot through theirheartswhen, leaping from some dark orner, ut otf a door-way, or over a hedge, he stood before'you. Who this singular being was, or what was the true object of his escapades, can only be left to conjecture, as he was never captured; certain it is, that robbery was not the motive, for he was never known to take a single coin from his victims, even when fright.had ren. doted them an easy prey, nor did he often practice any other degree of cruelty beyond scaring them, which, however, was quiteaufll. cient, as in some instances the sufferers never thoroughly recovered the shook to tekir nerves. The only surmise as to his identity that was ever hazarded, was that he wasthe Mar-. quia of Watefdord-then famous as a ring leader in all that savoured of fun and frolio-7 but not a shadow of proof could be over ad-: duced in support of this theory..T-Thoe- more :general bblle uappenrs tolhave been that:thore were sovnral persons eoncorned in tli :aflir ; that they were members of high familiesand that the caune of their pranks was a bet of three thousand poundsat at they would pro.: cure the death of not less than thirty human beings, apportioning them with nice derorimi. nation as follows :-Eight old bachelors, ten < old maids, and six lady's maids, andas many I Eervant.girls as they" could, trusting that by depriving them of, their reason they.would n celerato their deaths. This is, of course, in. I credible, but thebchief clerk of the Mansion House pellec-kourt,.in a letter to the news. I papers, said it was ao reported to a committee I that was formed by the Lord Mayor for the purpose of tracking and prosecuting the o scuundrel,. - , :'. It is dimfiult to assign the exact locality 1 ahich gave birth to this extraordinary freak, a either side eof the Thames claiming the din. - tinction; some averring that it was at'Ham- I menrmith, others again that it was Barnes. The most trustworthy accounts give the palm v to the latter village. a It was in the latter end of 1807, at Barnes, n that the ghost made its first appearance in I the shape of a large white bull, attacking seve al permons, more particularly, women, many r of whom suffered most severely from the it fright. At East Sheen, in the form of a white a be, th alleged spirit carried on similar gam- a Ia. His ghostehip then extended his opera. - nne to the town renowned for "maids of b or," and in the coureseof a few days all a e5inmond was aghast at the tales of women a eing frightened to death and of children be. cl g.torsn to pieces by hlel. The seareh after b n Unecarlthly visitlat was hero becoming too en narm for him, and he shifted the scene of his n labours to Ham, Kingston, and Hampton, at which latter place he was seen, clad in armour of brass, withiasprug,shoes, and large claw. its; like gloves'bniabsing'iotly pursued he rooled the walle of Bushby 1aal and vanished. Ted. reolf dington, Twickenham, and Hounslow, all had cored storiee to tell of his appearance, and in Sioe ay Park;, the eat of thbe Dukof Northumbosl ad, k many and earful were the injuries said to the have been inflited by him, At Islseorth ae most 'carpenter was seized at eleven o'clock at night, I leace and most unmercifully beasten by the ghost, who was attired in polished eteoel armour, with I evil red shoes, etc. It must be noted what an ex i. t eesdingly varied wardrobe thin spritao must . sally have had, rendering it very dilioult, one I at of would think, for him to move, with- eanch It to extensive properties, with alacrityfrom- place lion to place. don Tho neighbourhood 'of Uxbridge was the ma. next scene of his pranks, and.he .approached the the metropolis through' Hawell, Brentford, b It to and Ealing, in which ast place he was seen b in steel armour, striking terror into the in. kldb mates of, the various schools located there, and frightening the blaoksriith of the village li erly so completely as to force him to keep his bed I rork in.consequenoa of the ebshock hoe sustained. 1 weon At Hammeramith he found a determined op abit ponent in the shape of a laundres, to whom' lays he appeared in the formni of an immense I and baboon, six eset high, with enormous eyes, It at and arms of an extensive length; and in strict a Igr ceping. with his. animal appearance, he b any grunted lire an hyena. This courageous Ily woman, after an ineffectual attempt to avoid lent her uncanny.viaitor, -determinned to give, him in. battle, and flow-at him with eush fury that led. he was glad to give up the contest. Even I ows the. royal precincts of. Kensington -Palace to red. did;not escape from his visits, children hay p lad tug. seen, the unearthly being dancing by to can moonlight onthePalnuo Green, and ever and tl anon scaling the walla of the royal forcing. o ouses. .., . , In consequence of the panio attending those o exaggerated stories, the police had striot orders to investigatu their truth, but were on.- i able, in the majority of cases,,to trace any rit- person who had really- seen tho. apparition. , ote, That there was mischief afoot, however, was is kes clearly shown by the applications at the Man-. 0 us sion Hlouse and other police.courts.lor proteo. ci ary lion. • , git At Peokham he aonued the greatest alarm hi or (judging by a latter to the Lord 'Mayor, fi t'from a resident there), appearing in a new w ion character, as a spectre, and acaring out of ac and her senses, amongst others, an' unfortunate -N be jervant girl who opened a door to him; and 'at Wo the writer also said that seven ladies.had been o50 reduced to the same unhappy'tatto through pl tih. fright at tbe awful apparition. Letters 1 our poured into the' Mansion 'House from . all of ted parts of London, showing how universal was b ,or the terror which had been inspired by this os ery masquerading miscreant.' Several persons, w, ney most oeapecially women, were injured bodily ,me in. many instances by the claws with which, jai ting he 'appears to ihave armed, his hands, and if gest one writer may be bolleved, several deaths on It the the south side of London had been caused by. o00 the shook his appearance had given. A si but letter from St. John's Wood stated that for a lt hat whole fortnight that neighbourhood had been w sost favoured with Spring-heeled Jack's attentions; H ime o sometimes appearing as a bear, and some- e the times clad in mail.- Thisn correspondents to the assorted'that the bet, which was supposed to t age be the cause of these pranks, was, that the ol ced monster should kill eix women-in some given no time. .l ' That his appearaneo was caloulated to up set' even the stoutest-hearted must beead- a ned mitted, for the Lord Mayor himself,;though i our much inclined to be eceptical,' acknowledged , ten that he had been given to understand, on un- al ant doubted authority, that in the: vicinity of a r ea Forest Hill, where he' resided, one o- f-the eat female servants of. a gentleman who lived bio near hi house had been terrified into-fits by h of the :sudden appearance of a figure clad in:a ,of bear's skin, whiob upon being drawn aside, of G0 aliiblted"the human body; with long, horns bt tal emblematical of Satan himsell-clad'in a suit at eat ofmail. . , . ns ' The"' ghost "' did not diedain'to avail him tb ivo eclf of material' means of bconveyance ocen op bsionally, as isn shoinn by: anletter:to Itb S nSg .2fonsigiHerald, January 10th,' 1888, from w y "A oResident on Paddington, Green,"' --who be stated that he bad' seen, close to his house, vie he a figure clad in white, closely parsned by two go men, and, after a smart chase, tis matter-of- p °n. fact apparition jumped into a ca'briolet, 'and oa was driven out of the roeach of his would-be captors. a e A committee was formed'at the Mansion l lHouse in January, 1838, for the purposeo of a receiving subscriptions, and to decide upon Us the best ieans of capturing this uneasyeparit, Ihi s and of visiting it with the punishment whidsh e it so richly deserved. m In sending a donation of five pounds to the fand, a gentleman residing at Dulwich 'wrote. that his daughter was lying' i m a very dangerous " state, habing been nearly deprived of her senses by the sudden roc appearance of a figure enveloped in a white fro sheet and blue fire, which had met her on her fell return home from a friend's-house; others dOs equally testified to injuries received at the son hands of the hobgoblin. - A reward of ten ofi pounds was offered-for the apprehension of pu o' the heartless scoundrel, but unhappily it comr. a pletely failed in its object, and- te perpotra. linl r tor of this ghastly "joke" continued to-be at large. .be la Thinking, perhaps, that ho. had done as asn ts much harm as he derecd in the other parts of ua' n London, for a whole month Spring-healed s. Jack devoted himself to disturbing the peace Ia, or of mind of the dwellers- in the East End of in y the metropolis, the neighborhood' of Dow fea h being partsoularly patronised by him. One n gross outrage came before'the police- magi. 5or a strato at Lamboth-street, and 'caused con. S siderable attention. heel A young lady, named 'Alsop, living with pos n her parents in the 'vicinity of Bow,, stated gra that at about a quarter to ninb o'elock on the ao evening of February 21, 1838, she heard a velh ° violent ringing at the front gate of the house, oha' and on going to the door to see what was lhe cause, she eaw a man standing outside, of A 1 whom she eoluired what was the matter. on The person instantly replied that he was a r policeman, and said: ' For God's sake. bring appc r ms a light, for we have caught. Spring.heeled of Jack hero in. the lane."' She returned into mas C the house, and brought a candle and handed oper it to the mian, iv?ioonas"ehseloped 'in a large e elo'ak.' Tho instant she had done so, however, notsl he threw off his outer.''armont,' and applying with ;the lighted 'andl to his breast, presented clear 'ioPst hideous and. rightlul appearance, and loss 'vomited forth a qluantity of blue and whfe flamr from his mouth, his eyes resembling over red balls of fire. From the hasty glance W which her fright enabled her to got t his to be person, saheobserved that heo wore a largeo hel. ora: mot; nod his dress, which appeared to fit him 0an very tight, seemed to her to resemble white ang oilskin. Without sttering a sentoene he after darted at her, and catchiig her partly byher term dress, and the back part of'her neck, plaed six her'hcad under one of his arms, and 'com. T moneod tearing her clothse with Ihis olaws, arac which shea was certain' were made 'oe ome him, metallic substance. She screoamed "out ~n asae -loud aos she could for assistance;,? and by Th considerablo exertion' got away from 'him, seem and ran tonwards tho house to :get in.' silly Ier assailant, however, followed, and canught I her on the doborstop, when he 'agaih.uedcon; olorel siderabl0 violence, tore her neck- and ams ef tii with his clavs, as well as a quantit of hair heles from her heand but rho was at'lsngth raoued cows froem him by one of her sisters. Her atory ri - wan fully corroborated by her parents 'and pesi sisters, and her injurios, whioh were very con-. t alderable, bore unmistakablelteltimony to thi ciated truth.ot the assault. terror Suobsequently in Bow FLir.Fieldu Jack nar tate rowly eecaped capture by someworkmen,and montl it wan only by hn extreme aslity, and inti. 0 mate knowledge of the locality that he olootn elear offi. Two mon were arrested as being Eilbui concerned in this allair- onoe: a master- upon brioklayer, snd the other a carpeniter; but snet alter a vary lsog and searching investigation a lea at Lambeth.olFlct polineqourt, they were die, nhich chaarged, as they were hot fully identifioed a flr tlb being the autual perpetraltore, though it wa gentry certain they know something more aboul-th them. matter than they chisese to acknowledge. Ins ao, at Another samplo of the ghst'ls plyfol.waye moor in the East End of London, was shown by a olaw. statement made before the 'magistrate at scaled Lambeth.street police-court, March 8, 1838; Ted. by a iMise Scales, Who'deRosed that as she Ilhad and her?' ioter were fPislkog'.in .Limebouee Sion about halflpast eight- in 'thesevening, on land, coming td Green Dragon Alloy they observed id to some porson standing-in an angle in the puss rth a saga.. She was in advance of herisistr dt the sight, time, and justas sho oame up to'tbo 'person, ;host, who was enveloped in a large cloak, he spirted ,with a quantity of blue flame right in her face, n ex, which deprived her of her sight, and so me .alarme&.her,thata .he .inatantlydropped.to one the grouand and was seized with violent dis, asch Which continued for several hours.. This in. place dividaal was doecribed as tall, thin, and of gentlemanly appoaranoe, and carried in f(snt t the pt him a small lamp, similar to those need by Lohed the police; he did not utter a word; nor did ,ford, he atept to lay hands on the young woman, seen hot iked awy in an instannt o in. Not confining himself to the crowded parts 4 here, if the metropolis, he made the suburbs' his lago lhunting-ground, and terrorised both' sides 'of bed the Thames to such an extent that but few nold. females would venture out after dark without Sop- sufficient ecaort. He visited Blackheath in a 'hom truly novel and marvellous'manner. Three onses ladies were crossing the heath at about six eyes, 6'elook, when they suddenly came upon a mon. triot strous figure before them, and as the lamps he had been lit some time, they had a goad view eous of it. The imonstor, they said, had a phos. void phorine lustre; showed tremendous long care,' him horns and tail like those of a bullock. One that of the ladies fell down in a fit, and the other n Even two had resort to that potent weapon in the alaae female armoury, a good scream, which hav.' promptly brought a poliaeman to their aesis by tance, and on his bold advance the apparition and threw itself over his head and disappeared ring. on the heath, during which gymnastic per formanee, it was said, the' hooks, or springe, i hose on his heels were distinctly visible.L triot In.a pamphlet, published at the time, we hnn bhave"preserved to 'us a portrait of the any " ghost," as he appeared in this instance, and lion. he representation even, much less the reality, was is'quite enough to'upset the nerves of any aon- ordinary-minded person. He is depicted as to.. 'lad in all the orthodox details of a sentanic outfit, horns, tails, eta, with fearful claws on t arm both hands and feet, the latter additionally i .yoc, Armed with large hooks, attached to thoe heels, v now. whilst his countenance puts any' medimval t of conception of the Evil One quite to the blush; t nate N'swonder, then, -the ladies 'nre' shown as and 'suffering an extremity of terror, with their t: seen mouths extended 'to'their utmost capacity, r ugh presumably screaming, pt tern ' In another tract there is a oimilar'portrait all of this man.lnd, its horrors being heightened was by being highly-colored, and there he is repro. it this ented as appearing in achurchyardto two , one, 1women. it di In' a third booklet he appears as in half- e ich airmour; 'with helmet, etc., his nether limbs d if being 'cladin 'a species of fox.hunting'cos on me, a hugo cloak adorning his back. Sby Having alarmed the dwellers'on the south A side of 'the Thaines, so as nearly to' deprive h tr a them of their'eonses, he again crossed the a een water,'aod appeared to a party of peopleeoar ii ; Hbolloway in the guise of a hoar. Hero, how me- ever,'he met with a reception he hardly con- gi tente tomplated, for there being a briokhield handy, n Ito the men of tho party treated him to a shower P the of bricks, a mode of treatment which he by a ion noembahe relished, and which induced hinm to P 'beat a speedy retreat. at 'One evening, near Lord Holland's gate at Kensington, a gaunt figure accoutred ugh like (Don Quixote, and covered with 'spikes,' oe ged seen striding along the road, and, e '"' after staring in the faces of some labooring a of men, disappeared in an insetant. These men, it io said, went into a beer-shop in T sed the vicinity, and then relating what they d S had. seen, they again wont to the place N n wh:a ere the figure had appeared, in.expectation ide of its return.. However, they did notnmeet it, do sas but they saw an uncouth monster, having the ishape h of an enormous baboon,-playing its its antis beneath some trees 'which 'overhung In m the road. As .they appronohed the 'ereaturs atc sprang up on the branches and disappeared, 'p 'tbe Sering-hecled Ja;k, of conrse, being credited we 'om with this mysterious occurrence, i rho 'Hackney whas favored with an extraordinary ba se visionaof this many-shaped intruder on the soa , publie pesc,- for he appeared, so the story th md runs, in the shape of a lamp.lighter walking wi be on his head and hands, and carrying his sh ladder between his feet, to which was sue- an on pended a lantern of large dimensions, amply rc of lighted. And this curious creature, on being hit appronohed, somersaulted so high that those pa t w saw it were utterly astonished. But dic this, surely, is.rather more than even the of most credulous ought .to be expected to we to swallow, and the story must have been mann. etc ih fetured to 'feed the public taste for the in marvellouse tai an Another glimpso of him wan had on the th on road to Woolwich, when a bluenflame issued rot its from his mouth, and a girl who witnesosed it O ser fell into fits.' His'dress on this ocoasion is is ar described as that 'ofa gentleman, with the ing he somewhat startling' addition of a wide strip gor en of scarlet down the back of his'coat; ' Bfein of pursued, he sprang over the fences as usuae fea m. and was out of 'eight in -an instant. 'Still ant ra* lingering in Kent, he was found the following to at night at Dartford; where he was clad in a rea beant-skin, and amused himself with the mis. see chievous trick oftputting out the town'gas eon sf and'leaving the' streets in darkness. The sou ad ubiquity of the fellow was something wonder. fine 1ul, and tended, of course, very much to en. eon eo hance his fame; no sooner was he heard of of in Kent than he turned' up at Hampstead die Heath, springing over the furce-bushes and on ni somersaulting over the gravel.pits. up So numerous were thes tales told of Spring- pr heeled Jack that agood many ma mst be sup-. p posed to be tree ; whilst, on the other hand, ho ed great allowance must he made for credulity, Th some people not being content with the mar. P a vellous as they find it, bat being 'only too rel happy to add thereto. As a final specimen me, o' of theo nonsense ciculated about his appoear- pas an nce, perhaps the followingisabout the best: f A wnderful sight, it was said, was witnessed the on Primrose Hill one evening. On the summit tho a appeared a huge figuro of a man, in a dflame that t of pale blue ; it then assumed the .hbulk of a rem massive elephaat, then of a windmill in full very o operation, and lastly, in leisoning its dimen- ne stoes, it.beoamoa large ball'of,snow,. whih ais rolled downi' th hill, and.?escapod further this nr notico. WhnatSpring-hooled Jae bhad to do' othls with this dreadful' apposran?e is not 'at all age clear, but i as ttributed to him, nvoertho. ofte loss, such was thbohold' that h ehad obtainod lack over the public mihd, 'to 'n S Whether too muchittoention was beginninog oh a to be paid to himn with a view to his capture, ' Or Sor whether his love of misochief had died out Pore n danot be told, but certain it was that notlh to " e ing was known publicly of this singular being it I after Apl, 1838;, having kept London ina lived sfrmentalo excitement' and terror for -abeke Jee six months. poet ,The foregoing are only a few of tnse stris. nond I, veraious-or otherwise, that were related ofi ou 3 him, space not permitting any more detailed couls The not riety thien.s felow had obtained the seems to have had the 'effet of making many genes ailly young men emulous to enact bthe rufflian ' t In a small way, considering it the height of day. olovernees to frighten women and childron out mcre of threir'wits, undr' the belief that Spring- hiato heeled Jaok ?was atacking them. Manyldesti cowardly assaulls on women were rporiledin On vsiions parts of theb metropolis, nnder the im- oend pression, doubtless, that it was alla "lark;" lied t but it was a joke the victims hardly appre. n ik ciated, as, shonld they scream oat in their D. Y. terror, their unmsnl assailants did not hosi tate to strike them with their dsts toin the mouth, in order to silonos them. Ono of these imitations sf Jack, a young footman, who had kept the inhabitants of Kilburn in consideorable.alarm by aellying out i opon them disguised as a ghost, in a white shset'nndthideunmasak, from whichdopended Sira a long bheard, 'ws captured and fined £, tiellr which seems hli'idly n 'adeiante stennco life ns for the offonce, cecing how seldom these awiy gentry gave justice ao ehano ofpdinishing monst them. habe In asatlirical paper, the '!Age,!' of Marcb the n 11, 1888, i fooii a ireioea'lor the- orer"of "sprin-.heols" in" Jacks." '"Take of poast,5l?perasalt, and gunpow der an equal amount.'" Fiat'inixture in blun deabusii without 'seruple." ý:Make applica tion in the region of thtbe 'os coygis,' and lot fly. We are happy in having the best opinion that na: peroon afflicted with Spring-heeled Jackiem' oan withstand the effects of thin treatment of his nervous system." 'Undotibtedly, if this prescription had been followed extensively 'in'ts entirety by the in. habitants of London, there would not have been muph more heard of the pranks of those cowardly follows, whoso only redeeming point was that they abstainedfrom plundcriig those who had been weak enough to be frightened by their appearance. 