— The Two Husbands. : WHEN, on his rot, urn, Moorsom heard of , the robbery at his own house his indigna- j tion knew no bounds. Doubtless additional \ fuel was added to the flarao of his wrath us i he recollected the contempt be had expressed ; at tho bare notion — of -such an attempt . being made. Ho started at once for ; Bedgeborough, and held a conversation j ?with Mr. Superintendent Grimley of the : county police. Having reluted the facts ho asked : ' Does this business 01 mine appear to you. ? to be the form of the Highfield Hall and the Swinbury Park gang?' t ' The form !' exclaimed Mr. Grirnloy, unaccustomed to hear young farmers adopt that slangy style of phraseology. ' Well, in its impudonce it is rather the form of your high-class burglar. Evidently your movements had been watched, and these rascals knew you were absent. Just let me note down the particulars. You say last Thursday P' 'Yes.' ' No idea as to the hour, I suppose.' ' Not the least.' 'I think you said there was only one man in the house. His name, if you please?' ' Giles Jobson.' ' Not a lively sort of a party, I dare say ?' ' Lively ! Ha ! ha ! ha ! You might beat a pair of kettle-drums close to his ear in the middle of the night and not wake him. Besides, the burglars locked him m his room.' ' Stay ! How does he know this P ' ' He found it out next morning, and was forced to get through the window.' ' Articles stolen, if you please ?' ' Here's a list.' 'Ah! Chiefly plate, I see. Pray what style ?' 'All modern. Presents on my mar riage.' 'Very good. You say they got wine and spirits out of the cellar. Did they break it open f' ' No. They must have had false keys, for my wif#' found the locks perfectly un injured.' 'A feature that speaks for your London cracksman. Well, Mr. Moorsom, I shall of course put my men to work for you at once. Unfortunately the property stolen from you is of that description which is the easiest disposed of. The melting pot soon does away with all means of identification.' ' Still, in the public interest, as well as ? for_your_ _own reputation, Mr. Grimlev, you'll do your best. After all, ? my little' stock of plate may not yet have been made into white soup. We often hear of plate being buried, chucked into hedges, and so on.' ' Ay, but that's when mere buglars are at ?work. In this case be sure there's a regu lar gang — as many receivers as thieves.' 'Then probably you believe all the property lately stolen about here has been carried off to London. ' Not the ghost of a doubt about that.' 'How very unfortunate! Not that I'm so much put out as Mrs. Moorsom is. Good morning, Mr. Grimley. You know my address, if you wish to communicate with me. ' Oh, yes, Mr. Moorsom, you're known Well enough.' Rising to go, George Moorsom looked hard at the superintendent, as if he thought theve might be a double meaning in these words. He may have reflected that his reputation was of that sort which, in a quiet locality may occasionally bring a young farmer's name before the authorities. He may have set down the superintendent's remark to another cause. As his history unfolds itself we shall be able to gauge more accurately the possible bent of his reflections on this the occasion of his first interview with the local representative of the country police authority. CHAPTER IV.— GRANDMOTHER'S WILL. The subject of . the recent robberies at the ~two~farnrhouses speedily faded into insigni ficance before the event which one day summoned Cicely in hot haste from Monk lands to her grandmother's bedside. The old woman, whose infirmities had of late been rapidly increasing, was suddenly stricken by paralysis. Moorsom was absent. Indeed he now rarely remained at home for more than two or three days together. Moreover, he had recently assumed a recklessness of conduct and began to present a dissipated appearance which were the subject of general remark. Mrs. Brett's illness had beyond all doubt | ? been aggravated by the hardly suppressed misery which she noted in her grand daughter's countenance. Cicely, who had never to complain of not being amply supplied with money by her husband, summoned the best available medical advice, but only to learn that the case was a hopeless one. The sufferer vvas old — older than was generally supposed; for she had already entered her seventy seventh year. The powers of nature were exhausted. She might linger for a short time, but even her partial recovery was out of the question. Although she never, in her feeble efforts at speech, alluded to Moorsom, Cicely did her best to summon him. She wrote to an hotel in London at which she had once told her to address him. To this letter she had received no answer, when it became evident that Mrs.Brett's lost moments were at hand. The doctor had departed, with the ominous announcement that when he should call the next day to find his attendance no longer required. It was the afternoon of Sunday. In the yillage churck the prayers of the small conurbation had that morning been asked, nud wo may feel- sur-y earnestly given, for. . her recovery, however vain all knew them —humbly speaking— to bo. The squire aud his wife, to whom she was endeared by long »s.sociation. had paid her what they felt would bo thero i;iro\vell visit. Cicely and did Sarah watched, one on either sido of the Ivd. Uurin'g nuinv nights -neither- -had slept lur lnoro than an hour or two at a time, and the hearing of one and the other was proba bly so deadened to outward sounds that they were of the noise of wheels rapidly approach ing, and suddenly censing at the house door. A minute or so had elapsed, a knock at the door of the bedroom had aroused Cicely. Opening it, she wus confronted by her husband. ' I'm glad to hoar I'm not too late,' lie said, in tones which, though suppressed, sounded hoarsely and thickly. Cicely's ro cont experiences of his ways told her that he had been drinking. She would have left the room with him, but he had already one foot inside the door ; ^ so laying her fingers on her lips to caution silence, she led him in. With somewhat uncertain steps he traversed the partially darkened room in the direotion of the window. ' May I see her?' he asked; 'I suppose she's asleep.' Cicely could only reply by a sign ; and Moorsom approached the bed. Old Sarah, aroused by his footsteps from her state of somnolency, suddenly started up with so much noise that the Bick woman opened her eyes, while her lips formed rather than ut tered the words : 'What is it?' Signing to her husband to remain quiet, Cicely leant over the bed, and said : ' George has come to see you, Gran., dear.' A sudden gleam shot through her sunken eyes, as once more the lips moved to un formed sounds which Cicely failed to com prehend, till with a strong effort the poor soul partly raised the one hand over which she retained power, and pointed down wards to her pillow. ' What do you mean, gran., dear,' asked Cicely. ? By a too plainly painful effort the word 'keys' was made audible. Cicoly at once felt under the bolster, and brought out a bunch of keys which Mrs. Brett had, at an early period of her illness, desired should be placed there. Siie nodded her satisfaction, and with extended finger, indicated Moorsom. ' Give it to George ?' asked Cicoly. | Mrs. Brett signified that, on the contrary, the keys should be handed to herself ; but when Cicely offered them she was powerless ~to~t~ako~tbein7'8igning-that-she wanted a par ticular key. Cicely singled them out one by one until she came to that of the old bureau. Mrs. Brett, who made a negative sign at every key, now nodded her head affirmatively. ' What am I to do with the bureau key ?' asked Cicely. To this question she made no answer, either by sound or 6ign. It seemed as if her last remnant of vital force had been ex pended in her recent efforts. A sudden faintuess came over her, she closed her eyes and lay back panting; over her countenance a grey hue began to steal ; cold drops of moisture stood upon her forehead. A profound silence ensued, broken only by he stentori ous breathing of the now too plainly dying woman. After a few minutes, opening her heavy eyes with difficulty, she fixed them full upon George Moorsom. Beneath that awful look the man's own bold eyes fell. He turned pale, a tremor over came his whole frame ; for, obscured as was his brain, he knew that the gaze, filled with well- deserved reproach for him, was slowly turning into the stony glare of death. Cicely, recognising the truth, fell weeping on the bed. Moorsom slunk in silence from the room, and at once betook himself to Monklands. # # # # ' I understand it all, my dear Mrs. Moorsom,' said Mr. Limpus, to whom — he having been summoned on the day follow ing Mrs. Brett's death — Cicely had described the incident of the bunch of keys. '1 need not tell you that Mr. Moorsom nevor enjoyed your dear grandmother's confidence. I believe it will be found that her will is in the old bureau. I know she used to keep her business papers there ; I was sorry that she kept the will herself. It was a crotchet of hers to ' have it handy' — to use her own phrase — against her death. We ought to get the will out ; and I should wish, as a matter of form, your husband to bo present. Is he at home ?' Cicely coloured deeply as she replied : 'No. I have just received a note from him. He left Monklands this morning.' ' Do you know where to address -him-?— ' I could write to him in London, but 1 fear he might not receive the letter for many days, as was the case when I sum moned him to see my grandmother.' 'Then you must reprosont him. It is, as I told you, a mere matter of form. ] know the contents of the will. You and 1 are the executors. The only other person ! named in it is now absent. Will you kiudlj1 ! fetch the key of the old bureau P' Then the search for the will was com menced. But in no part of the bureau was , t to be found. i 'Very singular,' said Mr. Limpus, i ' I'll have a cabinetmaker over to examine i it before I give up the search. You are sun i there are no other place.3 in which youi grandmother kept papers ?' ' Quite sure, Mr. Limpus.' i ' Hum ! a will thore must he somewhere unless Mrs. Brett destroyed it — a very un. \- j likely thing.; Sho knew too well what tli- . I consequences would be.' After an ubsonoe of three days only t Moorsom returned, bringing with him n his cousiru 0n~thi3' occasion Harper and 1- ho reachod Monksland during the day in a b fly taken at Bedgoborough station. v 'Leaving Harper at Monkslands, Moor- v som walked to Greenhills. Arrived there, ho told his wife he had thought it his duty C to lot bygones be bygones, and show his t respect to her grandmothor's memory by a attending the funeral. Then he carelessly '1 observed : h ' I suppose everything is known to somo- v body about the state of the poor old lady's '1 affairs ?' a ? '.'.You must ..speak to Mr. Limpus on that t subject, George, she replied. 0 ' Do you mean that you know nothing ?' v \- ' Nothing at all ?' . ? ? ? J 'Very well, I had better drive to his & office at once.' Which accordingly he did, f explaining to the solicitor, who received him f rather stiffly, that lie had come at Mrs. r Moorsom's request — she wishing to know c the position in which her late grandmother f had left her. r ' Pray don't bring Mrs. Moorsom's name c forward,' Mr. Limpus said, ? sharply, e 'She has no curiosity on the subject. I t have told her that Mrs. Brett made a duly 1 executed will— which will is not forth- c coming. You ought to know without my r telling you, that in the event of Mrs. Brett t having died intestate your wife is her sole t heirefs.' _ t ' So I suppose, Mr. Limpus. But if Mrs. c Brett did, to your knowledge, make a will, 1 and that will is not forthcoming, would you £ not infer that she, for reasons of her own, 1 destroyed it ?' _ e ' If that were the case, why did she in her 1 very last moments — as you yourself know £ —call attention to the key of the bureau in 1 which there is every reason to believe she i had deposited her will ?' ^ - 'Her memory may have failed her in i those last moments.' ' I don't believe it, sir. My firm belief i is that the will has been made away with 1 by somebody else.' i ' Who on earth could ha^e done that, Mr. : Limpus?' ' The lawyer fixed his eyes penetratingly - on Moorsom, as he replied by a counter i question : ' Can you think of anyone who had an ! interest in suppressing that will ?' Nine men out of ten would have been : abashed by the pointed manner in which this question was put. But Moorsom had a countenance as nearly as possible to a sneer, as he said : ' To answer that question I must be aware of the contents of the will.' ' You might guess at them, Mr. Moorsom, knowing the feelings of the deceased to wards yourself.' ' I won't pretend to misunderstand you. She was likely you mean to have placed my wife's fortune beyond my control ?' ' That is precisely what she did, sir.' ' And quite right, too,' Moorsom ex claimed, with bitter jocosity, as he rose to depart. 'I don't pique myself on my prudence in money matters. I go in for speculation now and then. I'm not over choice in my company. I have, on occasion, shaken my elbow. But then, I as often win as lose.' 'Upon my word, Mr. Moorsom, you're very frank. I'll be equally plain-spoken with you. Let me give you a bit of legal advice. If Mrs. Moorsom comes into her grandmother's property, simply as next of kin, and not by will, that property is practically yours. Now in such event, seeing your own admitted weakness, pray consult the future of your wife, and any children she may bring you, by having part at least of the money placed in trust.' 'Hum! not a bad idea Mr. Limpus. But the advice is premature. You know the will may yet turn up. Good afternoon ;. we meet at the funeral I suppose — day after to-morrow — Cis tells me. Poor girl's awfully cut up. Better without me than with me, so I shall be off.' ' I hope you'll think over my advice, Mr. Moorsom. I frankly tell you I never expect to see that will.' 'You may take your oath of that, old fellow,' said Moorsom to himself, as ho went down-stairs. The reader is to note particularly the con fidence with which Cicely's husband ad dresses himself. CHAPTER V.— THE MYSTERIOUS WORKSHOP. Six months have elapsed since the death of good old grandmother Brett. The great grandchild, to whose arrival she had lovingly ( looked forward, but on whom she was destined never to feast her eyes, is now four months old. Little George is a fine chubby fellow, presenting say — fortunately, say the neigh bours— more of the maternal than the ; paternal type. No will of Mrs. Brett having been found, and Moorsom, though he maj'have reflected, certainly never acted upon Mr. Limpus's 1 advice. Cicely's little fortune is entirely at : her husband's disposal, and so irresponsibly does he generally conduct himself, that — J although she is never allowed to feel tho want of money — she is as ignorant as the veriest stranger, both of her own present financial position, and of the future prospect 3 of her boy. The life this married pair lead is a singular ? one. Greenhills farm is held under a lease 3 of which several years were yet unexpired 3 at the time of Mrs. Brett's death. Cicoly f could easily have found a sub-lessee* but she raised no objection to Moorsom's proposal that the farm should be kept on, f-ho hiking , tho management of it with the aid of her \- grandmother's experienced servants while 3 sho should continuo to look moro particularly after the Monkslaud's farm. Professedly ho couplo lived together, now in one house, iow in tho other. In reality Cicely led a onoly existonce at Greenhills with her baby -oy and a young nurse, and old' Sarah, vhilo Moorsom pursued tho usual if not ?ery oven tenour of his way at Monkslands. If tho question be asked how it was that Cicely, as Moorsom's wife,' consented to hoso peculiar domestic arrangements, the .nswor is that she did not consent to them. ?hey wero forced upon her. Sho could lardly have opposod her husband's will without some sort of public scandal, .'horoughly right minded and conscientious is sho was, she sought not to blind herself o the fact that she had deliberately, of her -wn freo will, and in opposition to the ad vice of her grandmother, chosen George Vloorsom in porference to Robort Holgate. 3I10 had vowed to take him ' for better or ur worse.' The ' worse' had been reserved 'or her. She would boldly face her lot, and lobody should know the bitterness of the ;up she was secretly drinking. Thence 'orward she forced herself to assume a de neanour which was not only cold and in lifferent, but which, as it were, defied those ibout her to say that she was otherwise ;han contented. But the path of her future ay not wholely in darkness. She had her larling Georgie. Already her imagination nade her see in him the joy of her youth, ;he comfort of her later years. It was not ;ill the occasion of the child's first illness ;hat she realised the frailty of the existence -n which her hopes hung. In teething the Little fellow suffered terribly from convul sions. On§ of these attacks was pronounced by Dr. Roberts to be rather alarming, and she decided at once to summon Moorsom, bhen at home, who had always shown con siderable affection for the child. Fearing that a message might fail to bring him, she set forth herself for Monksland, some miles distant. One of the labourers replied, in answer to her inquiry, that ' Master' was 'indoors.' She entered without ring ing the bell. Nobody was to be found od the ground-floor. If Moorsom were really in the house then, she believed he would be found in a particular room which he called his workshop. Concerning its claim to that J designation she had ever been somewhat sceptical, having been but few specimens of his handiwork ; now and then he had shown her an old spade or fork, to which he had affixed a new handle, or a box which he had solidly, rather than skilfully, knocked to gether. But this so-called workshop was guarded from prying eyes with as much jealousy as might, in ancient days, have been the laboratory of a searcher after the philosopher's stone or the elixir of life. It was situated at the top of the house, and lighted by a skylight. It was secured by an iron-plated door with a lock of the finest ? possible fabric, the key of which never left Moorsom's possession. Cicely, rejecting the workshop theory, believed the room had simply been fitted up as a receptable for papers of value. But incurious by nature and accustomed to recognise a certain mystery in all her husband's move ments, she had never troubled herself much on the subject. Fully expecting to find Moorsom in this room, Cicely at once ascended the staircase leading to it. Already while on the first floor a strong smell of tobacco and spirits assailed her olfactory organs. Proceeding upwards, she perceived that the door was ajar, while tho only sound indicative of the room being occupied was a loud snore. Moorsom must have been drinking and smoking, and was asleep. fTo be continued. J 