NEWCASTLE BOROUGH COUNIOL TnE usual for niglitly leetiog of the Newcastle Borough Council was held last night, the Mayor ()Dr. C. W.' iorgan) in the chair; there being also prescnt Alder menBucbanan, Hendoerson, Webb;3 Brooks; Lsing, KighBtley, Christie, Moore, Creer, and Thorn'. COtRRSPONDNENCE, A letter was read from T. Smith asking for an extension of time in his contract for works in Laman-street, as he hsa. been delayed in procuring blue stone metal owing to the recent strike. The Council grnted two months extension and directed Mr; Smith to be inforced that no furthber extension should be allowed, and the penalties would be enforced. .,Gates and Company asked for permission to raise the kerbieg and pave the footpath in front of their newv stoes in King-street -Received, and the city engineer was instructed to renew the footpatu and :place it in proper order. W. H. Campbell wrote for permission to use the water pipe leading to the wharf for supply of steamers when water supply i; laid:on.-The letterwa's received and referred to the Improvement Committee. 2W. Winn and Co, complained that the openings and culverts at the juenction of Brown and Hunter streets and Brown and King streets were not large enough to carry off the water after a moderately heavy shower of rain. T'he writer notified the council that if his firm sustained any damage the council would be held liable. The letter was received, as the matter was being dealt with. Several ether communiea'ions of ai un impoitant nature were also received and dealt wirh. TIIE PIPELAYINO CONTRACT. The town clerk rea d ai opinion fiom Mr. C. Stephen re the pipelayirg c'ntract. . It appears that the tender of 1\r. J. Progley to excavate, and lay the water pipes at £1869 10s if in sand, and a. schedule of prices for rock or clay. The b'couicil finding on mnaking osiculation that the' total cost of the work would exceed £5000, asked for an expression of opinicit from -hlr. otephen. He stated that, after considering the oircumstances: of the 'contrabct entered into, he 'was of opinion that no for mal contract had been 'entered into by the Council under their corpo ate seal, and that the contract was nont bindieg in law, and that an action'against the council for not allow ng Frogley to complete the works would. fail on t.hat glound,but.Mr. Frogley would be entitled to be paid for the work actually executed at schedule prices. After citing a number of decisions in 'sup port of this 'view, Mr. Stephen was of the opinion that if the council thought rightto diminish or aler the amount of vwork .intended to be done without being liable to an action for damages. But the qeieitioa..Nwas different where the, motive of co?ncil was not the alteraticn or the diminution of the work;'but the desire to get rid of an imporvi dent contract; and although the word ing of the c!ause was very general he thought that the court would not exteni the operation to an indirect-object un connected with the diminution of works, and in the event of litigation, the council set up as an addition to its defence. Mr. Stephen recomended the termination of the coo-. tract, and that Mr. Frogley be informed therefore, and that nof urther w ork could te done until considered by the council. ~Mr. Stephen also suggested that an endeaviour should bh made to come to a mutual under standing between the council and the contractor. ::: Alderman Bnoors moved--" That the opinion he received, and that the council take immediate steps to act .upon the same." Alderman HENDERSON said he couldnot make out what the opiniou was. Theyo had noright to be so mean or coutemptibl. as to take objection to the contract because the seal of the council. was not affixed. A lderman KEIHrEiYrn asked if Alderian. Henderson wias going to second the motion and the reply being.in the affirmarive, . Alderman HEtNDeRS0omNcntinued: : :He thought that the letter, taking it as it read, showedihat the council Iad not the.ghost. of a chauce agaiust the contr:actor. 'Although Mr. Stephen said thdu;touncil could .take adlvaintage of tle contract rot beidig indder seal, he did not think they shbould do so. It was the council'a'fiu t;i that the Seal ws not affixed, not the cantractor's. :Hewanted to see that everything wa~s fair. There might be something wrong, but some sail the contratc or wasunotinikingmuch money out of it. It appaared that evem if the council got those extras he would not do so much;, If .the wvrk hiad~i:been done by corporatioii labour it~ 'would not have been much less than wrhat the contractor was getting. The opinion ex pressed:was that the cou'ncil could inot get out of the contra :tby takaing a portiin ol it away. They coud iobt take :theiconr oet out of tlie man's handsand give it to AnIy one else. He would not aidisi the council to: stop the..contrac., because .theywere bound:to go to the wall.: .There was plenty ofmoney;foolishly spent i~i :takingthese advices, andd he ,hoped the aldermen,would g·ive the matter:their careful consideration, and not involve the council.in alawlsuit. . Aldermau OnCrIsT1E opposed the motion. He .instanced a case to show ::that the: council wert not justified: in breaking this contiract. IHe said ithadbeen laid downby a.judge in the Distrait Court most cleirlythat no man could take iva?-. tage of. his ownneglet, or his own mis conduct. With refarence to this contract it:shoula have been. soled by the whole council, and witbh their sanction, and this trouble. had arisen, by the. neglect of the council' to put' the seal on.documents,:but he was or, dibly informed that this had been more honoured in the breach then is the observance. This sealing was not at: all a customary thing, for some agreements had been seasled and some had not, and now by this neglect the. council tried to upeot a thing they honestly entered into. When the tender was received, and Alderman !Iliorn askedl that it should be considered in committee. Alderman Brooks proposed that it should be accepted. Alderman CaEER was sure that- the aldermen would not be guided by Alderman Christie's law, because there was no point of law more fr'.quenutly taken advantage of than neglect in all the cases tried before the Judges.' There was not .:a man. at the table'wished to take a farthing's worth of advantage of Mr. rogley, but he desired to say that all the aldermen wished toprotect the ratepayers' money. Theywould not take one shilling of what-was equitably due to MIr. Frogley, and though he had sat there for a :number of years lie had not seen the evidence of any alderman ever having tak en ax, ad* vantage of any one contractor; bu if ht i council had by any error or. mis take accepted a crontract which would extort from the ratepaye) solde £2000, it behoved every honest man to do his duty to the rate. payers whs sent him there: and not stand up in the detence of nay contractor and give him that which he wasnot entitled to. When Mr. Fre'-lcy sent in hiv contract he: never believed it was going to'?mount to so much; he how'estly believed he was going to carry ost the lafing of pipes for the sum he then stated,' anud 'as every alderman uderstood. PerJlaps tiere was some blame attaching to him. Wishing to be just to both council and con tractor he had moved a resolution that a speciffed price should be stated for clay or rock. With the view of saving any dispute with tho council he hbad asked that a schedule snould oe stated. xae con~ract went by measurement, and according to the schedule he ocarged £1 a yard, and were they in 5j3tiee to the ratepayers going'to pay this. They would use all the technica lities of the law to protect the rate payers. They were all liable to err, and had:. apparently ; made a mestake. Hte believed that ;for 'a .matter' of £200 or so none of the aldermen would object' to pay it, but if it cost; £1000 more than it ought they should nuot. He thought that Mr. Frogley should receive notice. from the council cs?.the opinion received. He thought they were not going to run blindfolded against the advice given to them. An effort should be made to come to an amicable arrangement, and if it failed they should take ev ry advantage the law gave. Alderman KEaonT~sEV supported the mo tion. He said the estimate given by Mr. T'evor Jones was .1300 to £1600, and the counecil had given the coiple of hundreds more thinking that'if the work were car ried out' more expeditiously it would not be minded, butif itcost £5000 instead he would oppose it.: It. was atrociously out ot all reason-out of all proportion to the work to be done. Aldermari' Huc'ANAN was in favour of an attemiut to come to an amicable solution of the diffieulty.:. Alderman MooRE was of a similar opinion. Aldermisn ORn?maTr thought the motion' too vague, and movedl an amendment " That the letter to Mr. Frogley should. touch piincipally upon the point of the recommendation for a settlement." After a further discussion, in which Alder men VWebb, Laing, Thorn, and the Mayor took part, the motion was carried, and it was understood that arrangements would. be made for a cnference with Mr. Frogley upon the qcdiestion. REPORTS. The reports of the Improvement and Finance Committees were received. rOTIONS IN PUUSUANC? OF NOTICE. Alderman W'an moved-"That the de positing of street sweepings in Laman street, between Darby-street and Dawson .steet, be discontinued, a~td that a notice bhoard be erected cautioning persons from depositing rubbish of any kind in this, locality." Alderman KEmOHTLEY seconded the motion, which was catried. Alderman CnisSroc moved-- "That a salary of 'iiOper annum be offered for the office of city solicitor, whose duties will be to keep the council as far as possible out of law suits, an'd td advise the council at all times in matters where litigation may pos sibly arise; that he be permitted private practice in all cases where the council is not affected, and that the office be advertised for in the local, Sydney, and Melbourne papers for one month." In a lengthy speech he contended tha.: the motion was justitied by, the frequent cisesin which the council had through ill advice, been drawn into law suits, in which they had always failed on appeal. The motion lapsed for want of a seconder, ... The council then rose. 