The Viking's Rock. CHAPTER III.—continued. The next morning Adrian did not appear at breakfast. Sydney was thoro, looking like a ghost, aud not catiug a morsel, . . Tho day passed without Adrian making bis appearance. Sir Albert now began to bo seriously alarmed at his prolonged absence. Ho had a searoh organised, but nothing came of it. A week passed away- without talo or •tidings of liim. Then Sir Albert procured •■the services of a London detoctivo; but lie had no better- success tha,n the local ^ A heavy gloom settled like a pall ovei Haroldsdeue. ' The distress aud uncertainty were pressing heavily upon the inmates. Sir Albert, was moro morose than oyor, Lady Flavelle anxious and dispirited, wlmo Hvacinlh was unhappy because she could not understand tho change that had como over Sydney. Since the night that she had told him of her love, ho had avoided her. He looked like a man who had some dread ful secret upon his mind.- She could not understand his avoidance of her Was it because he thought sho still belonged to Adrian ? The days beeamo very dreary to lier Sydney was out nearly all day long. He would order liis horse early m the morning, and would not returu till, late m the evening, looking thoroughly worn-out ailSix weeks passed, and there was no solution of tho mystery of Adrian's disap pearance. Latterly, Sydney had given up his long rides, aud reraaiued more m the house; but ho did not seek Hyacinths society. Since the night when his love had found expression, he had said no woi dot affection to her. She was ratberpained and hurt at this. After her confession, she thought he would have made some response ; but he carefully avoided her. At the end of six weeks the mystery was cleared up ; an end was put to the sus pense but in a terrible manner. A couple of fishermen going out in a coble, passing near the Viking's Bock, saw a dark object riain" and falling with tho swell of the water at the foot of the Itock, Overcoming their repugnance to a closer proximity to. the haunted place, their curiosity and^ cupidity ■proving stronger than their feava for alarge reward had been promised fjr any tidings of Adrian—they rowed towards the object, ■ which proved; as they suspected it wouldj to , ^e-\Vith some difficulty they hauled it into | the boat. Tho features were unrecognis- | able, but the dress was that of a gentleman. Oniekly the men rowed to land with their ghastly burden. They felt sure that the reward was in their grasp. A messenger wis despatched to Haroldsdeue with the tidings, aud a request that some one would come and identify the body. Svdney was out when the messenger arrived, so to Sir Albert fell the melancholy task of identifying his eldest born. It was a terrible blow to tho barouet, for Adrian had always been his favourite. He could not recognise tho features, but m all other respects the decomposing body answered to his son. Height and hair agreed with his. Tho clothes it had on were also his; and the baronet recognised a signet-ring on one of the fingers as belonging to his son.; There could bo no doubt about the melancholy fact, Adriau had met a watery d°At1'the Inquest a verdict of " found drownedwas recorded, and the body was removed to I'lfiroldsdenQ for interments. ^ 'When Svdney first heard that Adrian s bodv had been found, he expressed the most incredulous astonishment. " Impossible I he exclaimed. "Why impossible, with the body before us ? " inquired bis father; and Sydney was silent, struck suddenly dumb by tho thought that flashed across him. The obsequies of the heir were carried out with great splendour. The blmds were drawn up again iu the bouse of mourning , but life was not the sauae as it had been Sir Albert and Lady Flavelle took the I loss of their sen very much to heart. Svdney looked dreadfully ill and worried, Hvaeinth could not quite understand it. He was evidently suffering from something , more than simple grief for Adrian's death ; but a dreadful shock was awaiting her and all the inmates of Haroldsdene. There were strange rumours going about the fishing hamlet. It was averred that the Vikina's Phantom had been seen on the top of the rock, wringing its hands, and nointing to the spot below where Adrians body had been found. The fishermen shook their lieads.and declared there hai been foul play, they were sure of it ; the Phantom never appeared without evil following. But who would liavo an interest in his death? Who but his good-for nothing brother, who had taken this means to secure for himself the title and the hand of his brother's promised wife. The conviction grew and spread that Rv.lv,fv Flavelle was the murderer of his brother. The dctective that Sir Albert had procured from London was still in the nlace The rumours reached his eais. ne Eagerly caught at them. Here was a way of retrieving his reputation. If hooould only fasten tlio murder upon Sydney, bis want of success in obtaining tidings about Adrian would bo atoned for. Ho set to work silently and expeditiously, gleaning all tho facts lie could. Ho found out that the brothers had been quarrelling. Over a glass of ale in a little rustic inn ho extraoted a groat deal of information from old bampson.^ Unconsciously tho latter gave a very highly coloured version of the qiiiiiTol he had overheard between the brothers. Old Sampson had his own idea of tho cause, whioh ho imparted to tho de tectivo Ho gave it as opinion, "That Mister Syduoy had fell in lovo wi' Miss Aunosley, and Mistor Adrian didn't approvo, nu guv' him a bit o' his mind." When he had gathered sufficient faots o prove his caso to bis own mind, tho detective applied for a warrant for Sydney's arrest. Armed with this document, he mado his appearance at Haroldsdono. Syduey was in his study with his father when tho dotoctivo was anuouncod. " Well, Mr. Short, what brings you hero now ?" I domandod tlio baronet. I a n' ^,co'no on a very painful errand, Sir Albert, I am sorry to say," returned the man. " What is your errand ?" continued tho baronet, impatiently. " I am rather busy, aud should feel obliged by your stating it as quickly as possible." 1 "l am sure you will believe, Sir Albort, that it is with very painful feelings—" lie was beginning, when ho was interrupted by the baronet exclaiming, " Cut it short, man, I can you not ? I have told you I am busy." I , Sir Albert, I will do ;my duty. Mr. Flavelle," turning to Syduoy, who had been a silent spectator, " you are my priso [ ner." Your prisoner I" exclaimed father and son together, " For what ? " "For the murder of your elder brother, Mr. Adrian Flavelle," be returned slowly, and with emphasis. Sydney recoiled as though ho bad hoeu shot, then recovering himself, " It is pre posterous," lio said. " Not so preposterous as you may think, Mr. Flavelle," the detective said signifi cantly. " The proofs are pretty clear." " Mau, you must bo mad [" gasped the baronet, who till then had been struck speechless with horror. " I am sorry to say it is trno, Sir Albert," the man returned deferentially. " B.ut how do you know my son was murdered? ho may have fallen over tho cliff." True, Sir Albert; but things look rather black against Mr. Sydney hero, whom I must trouble to oomo with mo now." " Ho shall no.fc go. My son in a prison 1 " exclaimed Sir Albert, passionately. "I must go, father ; he is only doing his duty," said Syduey, quietly. » This "will all bo cleared up soon. Break it gently to my poor mother." Tho baronet sank into a chair with a groau, aud covered his face with his hands. Sydney went over to him and laid his ,hand on his_shoulder. "Do not give way like this, sir," ho said. " There is some terrible mistake, which will bo cleared up before long. "Mr. Short," ho continued, " I am ready to accompany you." As they passed down'tlio hall, Hyacinth came flying down the stairs and ran straight to Syduoy. The news of his arrest had readied her through the servauts. Old Sampson had been telling thera all about it, with an air of great importance. She could not bolieve it, but when she saw him leaving tho house with Short, sho know it must be Iruo. " Sydney," sho panted, '• do ' not let them take yon away." j He had grown very white whon he saw her. " I cannot help it, dear," he said, in ! an unsteady voice. : "How dare you," she continued, taming to the detective and stamping her foot, " It is a great shame I" " Hush, Hush, dear 1" Sydney said. "He must do his duty." " Sydney," she whispered, "I cannot live without you. Do. not go with him." " I must, Hyacinth," he auswered sadly : "There is no help for it." " But you will come back soon ?" " If I.can. Hyacinth, you will take care of my mother: she will need your sympathy and afftction more than anything now." " Of course I will, Sydney, for your dear sake." Then suddenly she added anxiously, " I must come and seo you ; they will let me, will they not ?" " I do not know," he answered; " and a prison is not a place for you to come to." " What do I care, if you are there ?" she returned recklessly. " Now, dear, I must say good-bye, Mr. Short is getting impatient. May Heaven bless aud keep you, Hyacinth!" Ho was turning away, when she said reproachfully, "You have not kissed me, Sydney." He hesitated a moment, then stooping, he imprinted a lingering kiss on her white forehead, and walked away without once looking back. The servants, who had gathered in the hall, watched him with curious eyes. They were divided in opinion; some thinking him guilty, some innocent; but they all gazpd_ after him with the same morbid curiosity, as he walked away with his head erect. He made no attempt to escape, though Mr. Short thought it so likely that he watched him narrowly. He made no re mark while the forms of his committal were' gone through ; but he felt his heart sink when the key turned in the look behind him, and for the first time in his life he found himself a prisoner. ("TO BE CONTINUED.] 