EVENINGS AND MORNINGS IN THE BUSH. BY PKUTBTBE." [Hnw the hir parlmir commented upon the nvi-ed New TiB'iimf-ui—Mr. Patterwell, the Gr<>iigir auo i^netr, is an Englieh- ... niHn, mid HIHI <3« up fur liberty (to be an ape) — Tht» Hnpeot si.d meaning of tbe new Tevifiuu hk toward* tbe Catholic Church— Mu-ioulnr Catholic* who don't want to buow—What musoular Catholics ought to know—The auctioneer gets an idea abont the New Testament over his cigar ; but, being an Englishman, the idea seems too Catholic, and therefore prejudicial to an auctioneer's business, and therefore not an idea at all.] YES ; so it was. Mercantile Grongar was as eager for its noontide luncheon as any other mercantile town whioh the magioian Enterprise, aided by his gem", Industry, had called into existence among the forests of the great Bushland. Grongar lovr-d itp lunchfMm, d,vd always endeavourtd to make the most of its short, half-hour which that enterprising and industrious borough ailowfd itself for flirting with its plate of roist mutton. But be Grongar never so hungty on that idle Tuesday when I went round the town interviewing its public buildings, it still had half-minutes between one mouthful and another to say a good deal aboat its revised New Testament, whioh was then on sale at all its bookshops. Arabi Pasha, Egypt, the Soudan, Mr. Gladstone's Eastern Question policy had been exciting, and were still interesting topios with mercantile Grongar at its daily refreshment hour; but now the revised New Testament had beoome dn accomplished fact, and as Grongar was a town whioh transacted its mercantile affairs on soundly scriptural principles, the said Grongar felt that it ought to have a deal to say, even with its month full of hot pudding, about its revised code of counter ethics, invoice drafting, ledger stuffing, electioneering tactics, general politics, and cojittieuce. For Grungar was pre-eminently good amongst the " co' guid" by virtue of its nine or ten conflicting forms of the Protestant religion, which strewed themselves promiscuously along its streets—Anglican high—Anglican low— Anglican middle—Anglican broad—Presbyterian of two species—Congregational— Wesleyan of at least three patterns : "'t' old body" and New Connection and men Ranters—Unitarian—Christian Israelite—and Baptist—all of which were (as themselves said) scripturally Protestant ; so Protestant, in fact, and at the same time so scriptnral, that the whole ten believed the Bible was originally written for and by Protestants 1500 years before there were any Protestants to read it, and therefore that the scriptures were the sjle property of the 676 antagonist Protestant Churches. Grongar, consequently, was keenly alive to everything connected wilh the revision of its own New Testament, so that the Eastern Question, and every other question, gave way to the revision question on that idle Tuesday when the mercantile world of Grongar had the honour of mteiing me at luncheon in the bar parlour of the "Horseshoe and Shovel" Hotel. Let no one suppose that the comments and criticisms of the bar parlour were of a very profound or scholarly description. On the oontrary, tbe luncheon-eaters paid very little respect to the syntax or prosody of what they said, or to the verbal solemnities which had overshadowed THE REVISING COMMITTEE for so maD? years. "Ha, Jonas, bow do? Seen the New Test., eh?" said the junior artner of Clips & Co., woolbrokers, Brassey, partner in Steel and Slags, ironmongers. "Yes," replied Brassey, lifting a to juicy morsel of roast beef to his expectant lips. " They've scoured it up here and there, but smashed nothing," and then called for a small bottle of pale ale; and, while the waiter was extracting the cork, Memmel, of the Loft Lyne timber-yard, took up the conversation. "No, they've smashed nothing, that's the beauty of it, for some people expected the Epistles would smash the Gospels. I got a copy as soon as it came." " The Ritualists expected the new edition would do something for them, but I believe they have got devilishly set down," said Hocus, solicitor. " And I don't wish them ever to get up again," said Yardle, a cloth merchant. " But when is tbe new to be read instead of the old version ?" asked Mr. Sparkle, a jeweller; " it's not to be a dead letter, surely." No one seemed prepared with a satisfactory reply to this inquiry, and thus made an opportunity for me to draw the eyes and stares of the bar parlour upon me. "No clergyman," I said, "can read the new version to his congregation until a portion of the Act of Conformity passed in the reign of Charles II. has been repealed, tod a new permissive act sanctions the reading of the newly revised version." This lawyer-like speech turned some twenty pair of eyes upon me, and a momentary alienee ensued, but the table d'hotel quickly recovered from its surprise, and the clatter of knives and forks and tongues proceeded as before. " Who is that fellow P'' I overheard someone ask his neighbour in a stagewhisper at the opposite end of the room; but the reply was lost to me by the loud and confident voice of Mr. Hoous, the solioitor, whodid not think it professional to let the unprofessional opinion of a stranger pass vithput demur. "That would only apply to he home country," he said, looking at me, 4 '.fant in the colonies any minister of any enomination would, in tuy opinion, be free o readthe net? version at his own discre- tion." Several of the company now looked at me again, as if they expected me to reply, and I said: "The ministers of any chntoh or denomination, except the Church of England, oould certainly do so, but I was referring only to the Anglioan olergy ; and these, I think you will find, oould not legally intrr.duoe the new version until the Act of Charles II. has been amended. All colonial Anglican clergymen are amenable to the Archbishop of Canterbury in oertain matters, and oould not set aside the authorised version without his approval, and he could not permit anyone to violate the existing law of England." Here Mr. Patterwell, who had been an auotioneer in London, but was now a thriving mine and sharebroker in Grongar, broke in, "That's what I say. I'm an Englishman, and I go in for law. If we go from the law we go wrong. I'm a Rochester man, and that's next door to Canterbury. I was at the archbishop's school at Canter- bury, and I stand up for law. But the revised version is not law. I leave every Cburob to its own rules; but the Church of England is established by law, and abides by the law. The new version has disappointed me, for I ( xpectfid it would sweep away some things out of the old Bible and Testament which no Englishman could swallow and retain on his soul's stomach. I expected the revision would leave us more free, more at liberty to think for ourselves, for instance, about an eternal hell fire, and devils entering into swine, and other things. If I had my will I would revise all over again by fresh hands." This speech of Mr, Patterwell's was received with a laugh. But an old auctioneer is not easily disconcerted. He spoke with a loud, rapid, and distinct enunciation, as auctioneers are accustomed to. " Well," he said, " you may laugh; but the Church of England I take to be the most liberal of all Ohurches, and tolerates all shades of belief without favouring the Oatholics. That is what I like her for; but there are some passages in the authorised version whioh look very much like Catholic dogmas, and these ought to be revised or omitted and something reasonable substituted. I go in for freedom of opinion and for law, because it's more English." Here Mr. Lancet, a young surgeon recently located at Grongar, and whose father was a beneficed clergyman in Gloucestershire, came to the front. "Tbe great body of Englishmen and of Protestants in every British colony are content with the old version, and there will be the d—v—l to pay if it is supplanted," said he. " I haven't read the alterations yet," said Mr. Conyack, a wine merchant with whom Mr. Owen Rees dealt, " but our new curate dines with us pretty often, and be has pointed out the difference to us at our house, and they seem very immaterial, exept in this: that neither the Romanist nor Freethought parties are benefited; and everybody would be upset by a change of version." "So I think," said tbe junior partner of Clips and Co., and his thought was re-echoed by half a dozen coinciding' fourchette holders at the end of the room, from which the oompany was now departing. Two minutes later only six refreshed buffetiers remained, of whom Mr. Patterwell was one, who had not yet finished off his small bottle of Bass' best, with which he was melting down his Stilton. Four more soon vanished, and Mr. Patterwell and I had the apartment to ourselves. Turning to me, he said, " You seem to know the law of the Prayer Book. You are a stranger, I believe. We all know one another here, and I don't remember seeing you here before. What do you think of this new revision of the Testament ? For my part, I don't like it. By all accounts, it does not satisfy everybody, for it leaves everything just where it was. But the real puzzle to me is this—What is the Testament? What authority has it? How is it THE WORD OF GOD? and how do we know that it is the Word of God ? It seems to me to say too muoh and too little, and I cannot trace it up with certainty to the day it was written. I don t want to disbelieve it, but there are things in it which I cannot credit." While he was speaking, I had pulled out my cigar-case, and was selecting a nicotic victim for the suttee. "Oh !" said Mr. Patterwell, " you smoke. If you are not engaged, let us go into the baloony, and blow our steam off outside." THE MEANING OF THE REVISION. Postponing for a few minutes the narrative of what was said on the baloony, it may here be as well to look at this whole revision question in its aspect towards the Catholic Church, ior it is in this aspeot only that it has any importance or interest for ub. It may be fairly revised, or it may be falsely revised. It may be grammatically and idiomatically retranslated, or it may not. It may be faithful to the letter and to tbe spirit of the original, or it may, not. . Bo it well done or be it ill done, it is as regards the Churoh from has been filobed. It has a :meauug\JknTl'. siguifioanoe altogether apart from the literary merits of the work done or left?; undone, and of this meaning and significance it behoves every loyal Catholio to be aware. The Protestant mercantile world at Grongar, or at Genera, or at New York may not be superior Greek scholars, or olaeaio critioa of biblical recensions. AU the sxme. The multitude will be led on by skilled guides, and the result will be the same. Only let UB not be so simple as to mistake the meaning, ot so heedless BB to disregard tbe significance, of what tbe educated Protestant world of Oxford and Cambridge and Harvard and Baltimore has so labariuuBly accomplished. The massing of so many thousands of Mnsoovite and Cossack soldiers on the borders of AfghaD» iatan bjr (he Czar is regarded by oertain politicians as darkly ominous of danger to the British Empire in India; and darkly ominous of evil to the Catholio religion is the so loudly trumpeted revision of the Protestant translation of KINO JAMES' BIBLE of A.D. 1610-11. There are, unfortunately, a few Catholics who affeot a sublimely eoornful disdain of what the Protestant world is doing, or ever has done, in its extremely successful war against our religion, aided, as it, has been, by the demon spirits who rebelled in heaven, and, after fieroe resistance and conflict, were expelled from their oelestial heritage. " We are not ignorant," says the Apostle Paul, " of Satan's devices;" and the vigilant apostle warned those to whom he wrote to be ever on their guard against the stratagems of the fallen Luoifer to be aware of his artifioea. But, nevertheless, there are some few Catholios who don't want to know, and who swaggeringly ask, " What have we to do with the story of triumphant heresy? What do we care abont the plans and purposes and teachings of Luther? How do the apostate maohinations of CBANMEB concern us ?" Now, suoh utteranoes as these are mournful signs of aberration from the true Catholic sentiment, and may betaken as presages of more melancholy things to oome. Suoh utteranoes may breathe the spirit of a very musoular Catholio laity, but do not appear to be in unison with tbe temper of a wise-hearted son of Christ's militant Churoh on earth. Never sinoe the days and scenes whioh witnessed the compaot caused by the LEAGUE OF SMAIXJ ALDER has the Protestant world effeoted suoh a "Rally" against the Catholio religion as it has done by this last translation of the Holy Soriptures of the Catholio Churoh for its own Protestant purposes. It has infused " new blood" into the muoh enfeebled body of all the motley mob of heterogeneous misbelievers. It has reinvigorated the wearied frame and limbs of that hydra- headed sectarianism whioh is the foul-faced mother of blatant atheism. It has reanimated the exhausted energies of the ghastly evangelicalism whioh ploughs and fallows the ground for cold, sooffiDg infidelity to sow in. It will give a temporary viotory to what is called " Orthodox Dissent," or its more honest and logical cousins the "agnostios," and turn them, a generation hence, into more unorthodox dissent. The whole Protestant world in itsrevised Bible has forged for itself a weapon with which it will menace the Catholio religion wherever they oonfront eaoh other. The revision of our Soriptures, purloined from the Catholio , Church when the faithless ones deserted, has already acted as a battery and galvanised the polypus spawn of tbe whole Protestant marsh, and Bet them oroaking and contesting in ecstacies of schismatioal self- gratulation ; and war to the knife with Rome will for many * day be joyously the chorus of all the divided dootrinal Bedouins—the only chorus in which they all ever join—as they go roaming in the reary desert of Eolectic desolation, or oome round the camp of the Faithful, like the evening wolves round a Syrian sheepfold, seeking how they may break in and devour. et anyone mark the tumultuous exultation with which the Protestant Press all round the Protestant world flies up on its wall, and claps its wings, and otowa over the publiation of its revised Bible, and say what is tbe meaning of this nniversal glee. They dare ot now ooaraely and clumsily falsify whole chapters, or foist in wilful, malicious lies as he voice of the Holy Ghost. That was ranmer's impious trick, and still more of Calvin's, as their Bibles still show. The blashemous forgeries of tbe anrborised version OW read every Sunday iu Protestant MEETING HOUSES are proofs of what desperate, audaoious, unprincipled hypoorisy oan do when it strikes at ".Rome." But as there were rival Protestant revisers—two sets, one in England and one in Amerioa—they could not so audaciously dabble this time in deliberate " leasiug-msking" in additional verses of the text. So, assuming a virtue on compulsion, whioh Oranmer and King James' translators had not, the new revision comeB out in a clean shirt; and the Protestant world is hurrahing and flinging up its greasy cap as if an archangel had just brought the book new bound and lettered from heaven. But is the volume more divine now than in the reign of King Edward VI. or QUEEN ELIZABETH ? What, then, are all the Protestant newspapers hip-hip-hurrahing about? Is the text of the Bible more solidly verified than it was when Elizabeth's "bishops" or King James* translators took it hand to garble? No. The text was as solidly verified to those who turned it into [iu many places] deceptive English. The "Nonconformists," sweet, gently bleating lambs, told King James to his faoe that "the Bible" [or Bibles] then tn use •wore ruefully mistranslated< and it this ruefully mistranslated Bible the ''Cburob of England" had been feeding her flook for forty years. To get rid of the Non°oniormist reproach, James I- commanded tnat a new translation should be undertake^, ana this translation has, in faot, bM^eiioiy Bible of the whole Protestant wOTW ever sinoe, its falsifications included-. ML" J™' for more to Strauss, and Co. ,„ tn thn world owes its revised devout ana reverent piety bishops, priests, or deacons, or of „. fa g or preachers. Huxley S^st tbe onled the wltoM'i^g^SSta Brad-' value tf "Son** laugh's mooldiige, ' Bible has been censed. It may he true, that Huxley and the rest of them had learned to ridioule the authorised Holy Biblefor the ridioulous complication of contradio-> tory expositions and explanations of "THE COMMENTATORS," whoever they were. It was to stop themouth of the Nonconformists in A.D. 1604-5, that the Holy authorised Bible was retranslated ; and, regarded as a mere translation, it is a splendid orthoepio achievement.. It was to stop the mouths of Huxley and* the Freethought cavillers and scoffers, and the Tubingen School of Commentators anil others, that the late revision has been made,, and as a literary and soholastio trophy it is most worthy of all praise, to say nothing of the heroio perseverance and patience with' whioh thehoroulean task has beenperformed-- performed, too, as a labour of love and extra-ordinary self-sacrifice and ability. But all this is only by the way. The points for Catholics of any education to consider are— 1st, that the genuineness and authenticity of no portion of the Scriptures is now one whit better established than it was by POPE GELASIUS and his synod of 60 bishops 1400 years ago, or in A.D. 494. Then, 2nd, that in the present or any other Protestant revision or re- publication of the Scriptures the verification by this Pope of the canon of Scripture is conscientiously or oautiouely concealed from/ the Protestant world, and thus the Pope is defrauded of his just right and glory as the guardian of the sacred writings. And then,. 3rd, any muscular Catholic may consider that it was with a falsified Bible that Luther drove the Catholic Church out of nearly all) Germany; and that it was with a falsified' Bible that Cranmer drove the Catholic Churoh out of England; and that it is a falsified Bible which keeps possession of' Sweden, Denmark, Scotland, Wales, and so - many other countries against the Church of Christ; and that, wherever the Catholic goes' and meets a Protestant, the stolen and falsified Bible is thrust in the Catholic's face, and the Catholic is told that the stolen and falsified Bible, translated and explained by those who stole and falsified it, is the only rule of faith and the sole sure light whioh shows the path to heaven. Very muscular Catholics may have bone and sinew enough to despise Luther, and Calvin, and Cranmer, and their stolen and falsified Bible; but then only see what mischief they did for all this oontempt. And now what is the meaning of the new stolen and falsified, though revised Bible ? 14th July, 1885. 