TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTON, SATCUDAV. The work executed was of a very moderate descrip tion, not a gallop at any pace betas accomplished until Phillip Augustus and Acme took the track, the Maribyrnonjr Platers traversing five furlongs in lm. 9s. Monte Christo and Percussion cantered slowly, but Kordcnfeldt and Tcmpe put in a sound mile and a half, the Husket colt taking a bit of rousiug up. My Lady slipped over five furlongs in lm. 6s., a per formance of .a very exceptional order of merit Cerise jand Blue strode along nicely once round. Isonoiny cantered and spurted a couple of furlongs. First Chester was sent along at three-quarter pace. His forte would, to judge from appearances, be more likely to be a mile ana a quarter than a mile and a half with 8st XOlb. up, Iiuulop oxercised mode rately. Slot-noway, with Medea and Agatha as aa&is; taste, pdt in a two-mile Journey at throe-quarter speed. Trenton was r.ot sent for a time test, but executed a good serviceable gallop. Moonsliee and Anchorite, after canterinz, went onec round at half pace, their stable companion Claudiaa covoring six furlongs smartly. MONDAY. The Hon. W. Robinson was the first to start the week's work by despatching: Liverpool a round at even* after a preliminary circuit Thunderbolt and Vanguard cantered twice round the sand track, Oudeig performing similarly. Kit Nubbles was given a three-uiile sweat on the ton. The Windsor Handi cap favourite, St Odille, cantered tivloe round. Don caster exeoutrd a second round at three-quarter pace. First Chester and Wan da had a couple of quiet turns on the sand. Aliddlemarcb worked moderately on thetau. V.C. and Harmony brushed home after a canter. Trenton and Lavington cantetcd «nce round, and, improving their paoo, oorerod anotherttniln 2m. 40s. Warwick and limwn and K<»eperforo>ed the same work, finishing up at three-quarter paoe. Student was treated to cantering ex<wdse only, at also were Anchorite and Mooushee. St. John had Islander for a companion the first portion of a strong two uille gallop. HonteOhrleto, Acme, Despot, Uralia, Tonipe. Tamarisk, PMllip Augustus, and Brigantine simply cantered. 61gnor and The Israelite went a couple of medium, rounds. Isonouiy spurted throe furionn after eabtWiog. Dunlop and Antonio spun along for eight furlongs at three-quarter pace. Cerise and BIuj and Wing exercised similarly. T/r.'. n ^. ,1 Uuby cantered twice round, a tisk !n . ,! iiv Honeydew, Yellow Jacket, and CroesSre. ^ ;--!. lm. SSa. to compass six furlongs. pj"v . , ( . long, strong work on the track insl.i, proper. Kordenfeldtand Percussion improving turns. Trojan and Alphii >jr,!t,a also did Belmont, Juanno, Hawthorn, "><» Perchanoe, The robber. Marchioness f»!>- /,'j.j y,.V The Agent, Agitation, Damocles, Anita rf Fernlea and Honeycomb traverse r, l>a at three-quarter paoe. Dirk v.a given a snarp ratfe. Medea brou .t way along for the first half of a 1,.. Agatha joining him for the In ^ . <..:r the how back, which was negotiated i; , ; . : - mile and a half having the record of So :!' broke was sent a smart five furlongs, behind him in lm. 81«. Off Colour aH ; ). had three times round the tan asa ? Maid being pent twloe over the sand on » ... Kenneth and St. Paul, went five furl ;,i quarter paoe. In the afternoon The P6i , :; i ! | around In 2m. 41JS.,and First Oonsu.r..- { two of Mr. W.-H. Dakin's two year old ;, ? getting over half a mile. I Le&ia; was tiie first to operate, but V-c^d j.otu ? ! ingflght-bandod on the inside of the oours:' !..*.>»' >r ! "* speedy little daughter of English tm hi 4 re,,-. ' did absolutely nothing. Morrison u©t fe,k j completed a round In 2m. 38s., and a mile and a halt in ;2m. 53s. Blairgowrie and Fernandez were sent a strong; fire furlongs, and Moon shoe and Anohorlte a fast round. Royal Maid and Chatsworth worked moderately on the Inner traok. First Chester and Wanda covered the first six furlongs in lm. 25s., the round oooupyinr 2m. 87e. Thunderbolt and vanguard wore given a good working gallop. Halcyon ran halt a mile In 62seo. Brigantine and Tamarisk put in a fast Ave furlongs. Chuokster worked moderately on the tan. Phaon and Chosham strode five furlongs at three-quarter paee Dunlop had the assistance of Antonio for the last five furlongs of a splendid round, which be executed in 2m. 83s. Acme and Phillip Augustus slipped five furlongs in lm. 7}s.. both finishing together. Isonomy being qiven a similar mile and a hall gallop. Brown and Rose and Warwiok alio put in a good mile and a half, In which the latter performed very creditably, and six furlongs of which were left behind in lm. 25s. Uverpool, who'went away from the mark very steadily, strode round in 2m. 42s Telephone and Micawber, went five furlongs at a good pace. Trenton and Stornoway oovered the Melbourne Cup distance in 3m. 43}s.f A. Robertson being up on the former and Flanagan on the latter, both finish ing together, but Stornoway appeared to be the least distressed of the two. Lantern and Ruby had a couple of Improving rounds. Yellow Jacket and Crossfire cantered and spurted, Signor and The Israelite were {riven a good working gallop. Grati tude cantered mildly. Tempe, Nordenfeldt, and Per cussion ran the first five furlong* in lm. lis., six in lm. 25s., the round in 2m. 80s., and the mile and a half in 2m. <0}s., Tempo appearing to better advan tage than Nordenfeldt, who travelled lastly, and Per cussion oooupying her usual backward position. Wymeric, who has gone into Chifney'a stable, had a mild sweat. Dirk Hatteraick had a strong mile. Hawthorn cantered twice round. Win chester abd Oudeis, the former looking none the worse for his accident, put in light work. lago ran a medium mile. Minerva exercised moderately on the tan. Country Boy worked gently on the sand, and The Bishop on the tan. Lsvinjrton was given a twice- round sweat Leisure worked at half picc. Lord Exeter was given a good working gallop. Cerise and Blue and Wing went round in even time. Monte Cliristo exercised mildly. Kit Kubblcs and Off Colour went two miles in good stylo in Sm. Gls. Ringmaster and Alphabet went rouud in a shade unacr even time. Waiting Maid, and Maddcllna, and Lara canterod ; Bob Cooper exercised moderately. The Agent and St. John ran round in 2m. S5Js., the mile and a half being covered in 2m. 49ls. Arsenal and Gasburner were given a Btrong round, the last hall-mile taking 67eeo. Honeydew and Comet traversed a mile and a furlong in 2m. 6s. St. Lawrence and Acolyte went round at three-quarter pace, Girofla cantered, and Welcome Jack and Genoa put in long work' on the new track. Islander ran half a mile in 54Jsee., The Fobber and The Marchioness filly taking 55lsec. to cover the same distance. Kenneth and Dividend spurted five furlongs in lm.,10}s. St. Paul and Opal ran a smart halt mile. Raoy was schooled over the bi" jumps. Marquis was given two - improving rounds. Perchancc was given strong work on the inner track. In the afternoon The Pencil strode over a mile and a halt in 2m. 57s. Menotti and First Consul spurted half a mile. The Bishop went round the tan at three- quarter pice. Prince Imperial cantered, for the flret time sinoc the Caulfleld accidcnt, twice round the sand. The morning^ work commenced with Liverpool and Winchester, who broke away front the five-furlong post, running half a mile in 64see., and six furlongs in lm. 23s. Iicre Winchester dropped out, and Thunder bolt took up the running, and brought Uverpool alon£ to the half-mile post, where Vanguard was in readiness to receive the piir, the first round being covered in 2ui. 33a. From the half-mile post the throe came home at a good paoc, the rooord for the two miles being 3m. 48s. ' Blairgowrie and Fernandez spurted five furlongs in lm. 73a. St OdiHc cantered twice round. V. C. brought Doncaster home a fast five furlongs ; Lcpo rcllo cantered twice round the sand. Vancuard again accompanied Oudeis a couple of quiet tunis; similar work being Riven to First Chester, Ilalcvon, Impulse, Minerva (ton), Velocipede (who has joined Steve Mahon's string), Wanda, the Hon. James White's two year olds, Cerise and Blue, Isonomy, Micawber, Kignor, Ttie Israelite, ITralla, NordcnffMtj-PcrC-uaa'ion, Trojan, AliAa, and, jjegfesid (on the Un). Phaon JiBd were sent five furlongs at three-quarter pace. J uauna cantered and spurted, liavensworth put in two medium rounds. Wing wont two improving turns. Warwick and Brown and Rose were given a good serviceable gallop in even tinv, finishing up smartlv. Kit hubbies had a couplo of strong cir cuits of the sand. Arsenal and Gasburner traversed a mile and a half, completing a round in SOL '41JS. Student was sent three miles stoutly ; Lord Exeter twice round at a good pace. Despot, solus, exe cuted a two-mile ga!Iop_ with groat dash. The first round was negotiated in 2m. 311s , the mile and a half in 2m. 406., aud the Melbourne Cup distance in 3m, 4GJs. Trenton and Lavington wound up with a Btrong rouud. Dunlop went onbe round at three quarter speed. My Lady spun easilyover five fur longs in lm. Ss. Baby aud Marquis were given their customary useful work. In the afternoon The Pencil cantered and spurted 6ix furlongs. First Consul land Ueftotti rail a fast half-mile, as also did Sister . Unioe. Joe's Indian Queen, Genoe, and H mcycomb put in two strong turns on tlio sand. Winchester strode once .round at a good pace. Tom Brown put in his first nppcar&noe; j since the Canl3cld accident, and cantered Vpir'slowly * WEDNESDAY. Thcbsdat. A glorious morning did not tempi Lrftiocrs to make an early start, aud even when the ball ma set rolling strong rather than brilliant work was thg (>rtW t/l the day. ilorrison liad St. Odillc and IIarinorjy.fi ret out, but tUcy dimply cantered; lleginald ditto Dutnp tan; Brown and Hose and Warwick were sent a 4iille Jmd three quarters, executing a round in 2n>; 30a. -&"ln Chester and Thunderbolt started anay ttfgr'ethei', nut' thelonner worked the strongest, mid rtrode «in<S) round the sand iu a second uitderct-en time, Ifein&risk; and Brigaritine cantered and spurtod; Velocipede and another of Steve Vahonfe cfcarjros, went round at three-quarter paoe, the Queen slander moving nioe and freely. Dunlop commenced dt evens, but, being accompanied by Antonio the last portion5 ;of' the journey, finished a round in good style in 2in. 88& Ac;iieand Phillip Augustus ran fire-furlong* in lia. til*. Daspot cantered twice round. Blairgowrie and Fcrnandoz spurted' Ave furlong* very emartlv. Vanguard and Liverpool put In two rounds for a sweat. First Chester went at a fairish pace for a tulle, which lie compassed in lm. 65s. Itfrfc liatteraick put in tuedium wort Telephone and Gemini traversed five furlongs, four of which were covercd In tho last time o! 62». Haloyon kept up this record by negotiating five furlongi In lm. Til, two of tliem helng tliroa-n aside at the phe nominal pace ol 25s. The Israelite and Slgnor put in medium work. Don caster and Bon Bon went round at three-quarter pace. Urol la strode once round at evens. Hiddlcmaieb and Stenebroke wore given use ful work. Cerise and Blile and Wing travelled round, in 2m. 40a. Wanda c&nterod.; Minerva went twice round at three-quarter pace.- tanomy was given a awoat Stationer excrcIsaflmcMentoli Prince Imperial was von tiro etroog round on the tan. Eagle Orange was not. extended." Trenton bad two medium turn* intMe tUe oourae proper. Tempo. Kordenfeldt, and Powuttion were again detpatehed a mile and a h*M» Avhioh occupied 2m. 49s., the Derby poll notimproviflg on: bis prcriotis performances. Itontc Christo, looking udi better,and lighter than when he ifcst appeared i pt-oHj at caulfifld, cantered mildly ro»n4i >'h u.it and Cbosham covered five furlong» in lw, l:e<-ensworth put In a strong iwioe remind, and Counter Boy exercised moderately, but . -John and AgiUtlon wound up with a mile In Un j i -.usible worked slowly on the new track. ?< hr-rc r x>lyte, Hone voomb, and WjeJoOme Jack put : . ? loablotwo-mile gallo®. Maddellnaaodfioppse aiie was re&medl;^ Off Co&irand; ? ioe cantered ai Ur ai the mBeport, whwe ' > ? i ter Bailed away from hit companion for mile. LosbU una Boyal WoUlrnaa a .1a hall tome, but the Ibid *n* not ? er usual cpnaert-pUflh, as J*4b?» c*me lay from her ihe flnjjh, the roup* . «. 86a., And the whWetliitance Sm. 60s. ?!. nm, looiiw ontteimpmingM', stored. t f jo put in useful voile. Lord Wytophaal? iriie on the tlui, wbtn fctrd Sxottr bo# w Imntvwinir Mlih/li^'r ' I ul'Vi i >!" . I 1KIJ-* !?«) j.oui «e Improving rounllsr'noneydew put in » fl»*ound. Anphortteand PapdUn .wore 'lalf-pa oe. Yellow iretririonm ootnfor "9*1 ve two or threb ".-'loe round at * m»0H ilt ti\ree«ui(ter "'tp^ i ifidend trashed «( 1*> vsv^ aail fi fit-. : <. gog port for we oom] round. Baron Keoktrnaa«» i ^Cbjverputinmqrr the «and, wbere Orau »ndOro»»flre, com ily ln im. 7$. Bfelmont daden to bring him ii moe., (ago »trodo 1.*?^ Opftl. Kenneth, ir W » »»«.. 5edb7,TroJ»»ftt toe, «bon of . #artpMe rriifwnongsin lm. \- »v«, ^ .fiSSS*' uo^'« ^ WlfcAT. exercise their horses^??! y 40 *11ow Li mile and three-aX, "verPWl »" deSS'^ h ^s^{r®sF^«S »awi«sEr5psSg jsrfR 6SS8- 0® Colour and First P?ir, mUe la round the eand. where ®»tewd hS put In two medium roun"j.T«?uwV WS1 went round at half-nu» Kit KjS^* oomb took Kifa ZS,,f'? ^Ww 'Wjn trio ran home, fi^uffonT, y »fe"' ?h°k' Ao?,yte' anl1 Qenoo ?h^" baffle ran the . rink. \- vuucsrotm^ «- U""" ,VUB OOOT8B proper, fiMnnrit, a smart five furlongs.. fair Mien «ufet«l 2 tan. Fernlea put in two strong turn* on tbeoutu rink. Anchorite exercised two Improving turusta the tan. Claudlan cantered and brurihed hone hilt > mile. Wing wa8 given a medium turn on the tend Country Boy, Jocular, and Minder finished m> ^ running flvefurlongsinlm.7?«. JuwnaaiiiUwosst wintered and Bpurted hall a mile.. St John exercised mildly on the new track. Agitation - rounds on ' the new track. J^aMon put in? . \- the sand. Tom Brown wKw"!8tronS the same track. cantered twice over The morning was }^tUtirp0Ttion of tht,'£*** Wing air S^tSffiSSJgpSS the pair running home owr th«n f^0<1» «mpT Manxman IL and DuLtVli'lnf at h»« tt* stndin^ along over four Jurlonw^e?i,r, theP»if Ditto oantercd, and he " brisk nice.' cult at agoodpaceJDaystar andDexfero1 M,rtbc'® slow exercise. Real Jani was tL work for a circle, and cllia WM striding over six furionTaH^: Bosworth worked moderatelv tu-;T ^ fTNlop, circle, at hair speed. The tim w- 01(1 ^ last, looting very well cantJr^ / ine 0,Slitu% lowed by The GhSt and ?Ccb T j- WU8d' £ Bonny for some useful exercise nvor f M"' Blink half, Waveriey IiKH " ^,nd» General Jackwn doir^" Th^ W°^ moved alonjr for a brisk m.n^' Bobcman ground. Melodlbus w« ^ °ap TTT"* «« smartly over a" cijf of griff was doing real irood wok- T\i,» D|PP° f« md- CUnsman rattlod lnjom0;^ "or pood erercise. Master Pinetaii«-?. S! sound work on the outer ruS J£i ?r?f^ mores well Solo and Unio^SaTCt^ r P»ny for some capital pace "exercise iV*? ® onoe round at U.ree.qCr4 iS!'i , ir.T? JEM" 8.teel,leF"Me horsed "&WJ; strong exercise twice round. Umberto "Sal? furlongs, and he finished wcil. Gold Ton alstrrL > uZrir'An't Jls Fttt Po.P' and Sydney VCK on the toloz st?*4y -esml??. -Louise Bcrta with Here voes ran a sharp gallop over the ifaribyrnow plate fnISn?«Crt!! iii*® ' t ° has 8n addition t0 te lam in Distiller, did cantering exercise with bis horses: Salvo was exercising, also Rbodcrick Dim and Cud 'and. Benee was working his team mildly, vii., Ishnnel, Mabel Gray, Cliandos, Albanns, Gratttn and Mountain Maid. Mr. J. Harper's and several oi heUy & were cantering. ' ,, THURSDAY. Tliig morning a fair amount of >vork was got through, though it was not of an interesttagcliatuclcr. Real Jam and Bosworth in company, after csnteraij, a round of the turf, ran another one at a gosd ffork* ine pacc, Clelia etridinj along over five furlongs. Land Leaguo galloped half a mito. Vision ran six furlongs smartly, and, pulling up, he afterwards wo five furlongs at a brisk gallop. Lady Ashton w duinrs me capital work twice round the tract, and Gavuier strode once round for auscful gillop. Fuoiy ranover a mile at a brisk pace. Kingship trasrater ing, as also nthora of tha team. Orlando, Mosh/jcc, and Bonny Boy were treated to smart evcrclMOvtr five or six furlongs, and Freeze Out ran a couple ol. times round the sand for strong work, Lord Ohio cellor and Don jQiov&n; stridinz over four furlongs for a sharp gallon), Mnrqute of Waterford going tm're round at a medium pace; Cadland was tlstHict cidng. Douglas led Phoibe Walton and the Rapid Bay filly over four furlongs at half paoe, gndbcctrwe along another circuit at a food workin? gallop. Undo ran a etrongish mile, and Warfield cantercd. Clansman strode out at a strong pace once round. Pecpnjlom,, Oculist, and others of Kelly's team were doing awe nice exercise. Camerine, in conipw with UulectiM Manxman IL, were doing mild work; altcrnm Camerine; Meerschaum, and Ditto ran a useful ffortanj gallop over a mile and a quarter. Graoe Darling lira ,The Ghost cankered twice round ttio ground, Kunoo doing the sama on the eand. Union Jack and ltotao worked in cojnpam', bowling along for a good pip>. opener once round, and Gadfly was doing case. Liaette worked on tlie tand over two circles, BiT Bonny moving twice round on the turf, hut op'J T medium work. Gold Top rattled over half a muelaa, Jtfelodious also doing some sharp work oyer B>eiu longs.. Louis cantercd, and General Jfi£k»«nstroo along onoe rjund the turf for a useful gallop. B|.PP£ griff worked mildly, as also did Waverle.v. rn® ran a brisk half mile. Louise .Berta m4 De«m»w moved over half a mile at a strong pace. once round the ground, others ®f ?5P-S .nd he rate pace exefceise. AstronomerivM«n the^rf ^ «' executed * couple of useful ^ oiroulfe did similar work oa the sand, *1J « Lo«t also exercWngr; Dniberto was treated tof gallop or«re?vW lurlougi on the "uwite fT Master Pinetop ran over three miles at * stro ! ^ tlie latter portion of «ie Journoy;Srfo . Garibaldi on the tart; Salvo MdMaronerW^ some moderate pace exercise, Poller John and Hymptop on the turt " !?hT±eLeT*£laTolthe t«f Ula&Dg; work 