SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. I RACING. I VICTORIA AMATr-UR TURK CL.UU MEETING. To daj tho I adies Bracolet Meeting takes place at Cuullield 1 he programma has the dements of attraction about it vaucty haunt, been well stulied by Mr Bond and tho committee 1 ive events altogether are down tor decision commencing at 1 o clock with the Hurdle Huce, which will produce a held of tram eight to ten At a quarter to 3 the \ letona Gold Cup comes off tho riders m which aro amuteurs 1 ho principal item ot interest, vi/ , the Ladies Irophy, m tuned for half paat J and, as in former j ears tiicro will be a verj larj,c ¡u id ot horses to compete for tho three bracelets, v ulued respectiv ely at 100 sovs., CO sovs., and 25 sova Ringmaster, Vernet and Recall vi ero struck out j ester day, leaving 10 on tho card so that at least du may bo expected to see tho post Bast jcai there vveie 31 startcis , but tho jcar be foro theio wore 12, which was tho largest held ever known in Australia. Ino Steeple chase is at a quarter past 1 and the altor noon s racing will be brought to a conclusion with tho Richmond Handicap at tho come mont hour of 1 o clock, so that visitors can reach home before dusk Special traills leave 1 linders street at 1117, 12 8, 12 2fc>, 12 G1, and 1.1 p in , whilst ordinary trains run from Prince s bridge nt 12 l'l 12 29, 1 22, and 2 22 p ni, stopping at all stations, with tho cicoption of Richmond lhe special trains commence the return from Caullield immediately after tho lnst race 1 he follow mg is tho programma and order of run nmg - HANDICAP llUnDLP nACE, Of 100 sovs aided ton BV-iepstakoof S sovs -noll Olio nillo and throe quarters st lb Mr T P D I nttrlo s hr g Ouardtlih Ovrs 11 2 Mr A. Harper s eli g Dispatch ti j ra 10 10 Mr I G Wright a brui Minerva 0 jrs 10 10 Mr H Chlfncj she Lqultj agod 10 8 Mr P MUonaiis b g Huntsman, ß j ra 10 7 Sir It 1 hlllp s oh in fatllor Ovrs 10 7 Mr II Chlfiioy s be.-hat-north li ir. 10 1 Mr A It Macdonalds li or bt g lnulcsldes need 10 0 Mr li T1 ball s b g Castleton (I ito Waterloo lato Lui hrates) acid 0 l8 Mr J lillies li iii Joes Indian Queen II, 0 jrs 9 IS Mr J Ralston s b e Prl lo of Oaklands G yrs 0 0 Till. VICTOHIA OOID OUI Valuo 100 sois (a liandleap stcuplcihasc) To bo ridden by members or lion moubcrs ot tho V A r C to bo u) proved ot bj tho stewards T« o miles stlb Mr W 1 Pow or st rtr lïlaokthorn aged . 1__ 12 Mr Ii OrrsbgCliIeltaln afcod 12 12 Mr J nillo s b m Joe s li dlun eiueon II, 0 j ra 11 2 Mr M Loughtln s cb s Duild e aited 10 7 Mr 11 Harlots gi, Hanjonont, a¡,ed 10 0 THE 1 ADIFS ritom. Tbo nominator of tho winnini, liorso to recebo a tropln \aluo 100 sois lio nominator of tho ecoou I and third horses to roceivo trophies of tho v aluo of GO ai d 26 soi s rcspcciiioly Six turton».» stlb Ml<> J O Reid ns eli m Omeo Darling 0 yrs 8 12 Mm \> 1 lai-on na b k 1 Inusiblo, D j« 8 li Mrs. Haines rs br o Iirlstol 4 j ra SO Miss J 0 Hold ii.oh g tho 01 ost agc 1 8 8 Miss M sa iii! ns b li Mlstaltc r j rs 8 2 Mrs J IMilttuifcham ns b li Clautrap r jrs 8 - Mrs J O Iiu-lls ns eli o Achilles 4 jrs 8 0 Mrs S Oriinwoo 11 s br li Mian 1er aj,Ld 7 l8 Miks M H Um Ins bo Jocular 1 jrs 7 12 Mrs w 1 carson ns bl or br g Albicoro 3 J ra 7 0 Mis Ml 1er n? h a I Billeroo 4 j ra 7 8 Ltidj Clarile ns g g 1 hanto n ai-ed 7 8 Mrs r P Ollrlonnsbreleriilo» 4 jrs 7 8 Mrs 1 Wilson jun ns b or hr f ti le 2yr» 7 8 Mrs 1 Collej i « b ( Rot us I jrs 7 (I Mrs I M oiks ns bro farrell 3 vrs 7 0 Mrs It Hatty ns eli o Umborto 4 jrs 7 0 Mrs It llmrlln, ns b f l-ast Lvnno Syra 7 4 Mrs. A 1 Sullivan na cue Solo .j ra 7 4 Miss L. Jacolsn. li li Muscat Ti jrs 7 4 Mrs J Harper ns b i, Unoas S j ra 7 4 Mrs J T tarsia.* o ns eli g I rlnius Oyrs 7 8 Mrs J Cobon ns br f, Hector dato Chanco) 0 jrs 7 2 Mrs. It Hill ns oh o Salvo 1 jrs 7 -. Mrs I Wilson iun,iis(,f Iuolij Hit, 4 jri 7 1 Mrs J Hammil! us bl h Hannibal aged 7 1 Mrs M 1 oi cr us eli li llounlo Scotland G yrs 7 1 Mrs. O H Head nsge Countrvlloj, 4yr» 7 1 Mrs H Hall us b u Maroncy ft*,0- 7 0 Mrs _._._. Jones i s Uf Honoicomb 2 jrs 7 0 Mrs J M h ttliihham ns br I Honora 4jra Olli Mrs r Williams na b f Tissno, 3 jrs 1)1. Miss M li Hoad ns g a Islander . yrs I) 11 Mrs M Jacob ob cn f Sedition i jrs VU Mrs L L -milli ns I) o Louis 2 yrs Oil Mrs. Haines ns b o Uorkcl y 8 j ra . Ü I) Mrs. J O Intll-na bt Wanta Ijra 0 8 MKsl thdna bg Woodbino r jrs 0 7 Miss Jes-lo leek nsbg 1 ijmi ton 2 jrs 0 4 Miss Ldlth Klug ns oil I Delaiuia 2vrs .04 011 V f-TLFl LFCHASE. Of l°.i sois a Ided to a s vcc| stakes of 3 sovs each H sois to i,o to tho "iiond and 10sovs to tho third horso out of tho stake two milos. st 11 Mr D 1 ountaln e b g Clarence one 1 12 II Mr W h loiiersbr g lllaekthorn »god 1112 Sir & Martin s b m LUitto aiied li " Mr 1 Ho i lo s ure Union aired 11 4 Mr G Olasicock.. b c lil liston Ojra 10 12 Mr II Connolly ns br m /ot a aged 10 12 Mr L. Martin s b i, Nativo aged JO 11 Mr 1 O Wright s brm Minina fl yrs 10 10 Mr O Glasseook s b g 1 icklo nj.cd 10 8 Mr J Illlllos b in Joes Indian Queen II, &>rs 10 4 I Mr J Tolano s bl g Taxnraxacu.n aged 10 4 Mr J Hamilla b g Sir Samuol Ojrs 10 8 Mr M 1 M1 ittj s b li Old »oui fiirs 1U & Mr 8 Miller s I i, Studloi 4 yrs I) 10 Mr A G Webb s oh i, Chcstor Ojra 9 10 Mr J Oman a b (, Signal li J ra 9 10 Mr A. Saqul s ch g Patchwork 4 j ra 9 10 Mr G ltubtsgg Hobin Ovrs "97 1UCHM0ND HANDICAP, Ot 100 sois Uno mile. Mr H Ililli]) s bril hit Nubblo. 6)rs 11 0 Mr J O lleiü b oh m Oraoo 1>-rliiiif 6)re _ 8 1 llon W 1 camon s b g-1 lauslblt Oyrs .8 11 Mr I C1 Hel I s eli g Til. Ghost aged s 8 Mr S O Cooksbh Anglesey, O}« 8 li Mr 1) M Hobertson » b o Clnclnnatua 3}ra 8 1 Mr A frere non « b o Montroso lyra 8 1 SlrW J Clarko h g l Phantom a»cd 7 12 lion « Karoon h bl or I r if Albloore 8 ) ra 7 1 Mr ,S Miller s bo Lameroo ..ra 7 8 Mr J » ilsui «(Jun ) bro Klue master ¿)rs 7 8 Mr 1 Kelly a che. Wnrllcld ti) ra 7 7 Air r Holertsonab h Freo Irado Onto Red 1 ovor) r yu 7 7 Mr M Jacob» » b h Muscat Tyre 7 4 Mr r Jonoa-I r o llohoiiilan 8 vrs 7 4 Mr J Wilton - (Jim ) b or br 1 Evlu 2 yra 7 4 Mr Ü II 1 Hart st o Country Hoy, 4 yra 7 4 Mr II Tibball 8 1 h \ edcttu b yra 7 4 Mr 1 Hall ib. Marono) agod 7 II Mr J Wilson s (Jun ) g f 1 uclty lilt 4 yra 7 ¿ Mr M lowers oh li Bonni. Scotland 5 yra li Mr J A Lang » b f Acatna 4 yra 7 2 Mr J Hills eli f Mavdew 4)ra 7 1 Sir V. J Clarlio a br ¡. \ ornot 4 yra 7 0 Mr Ii Grav s or o Urara 2 j ra 0 1 Mr I T Ho)nooda cb o JJeroua 2yra « 12 Mr J W hlttrncham s br f Uoi ora 4) ra 0 1 Mr J U Inillsabf Wando 3>ru 0 10 lion W 1 carson aire Uasburnor 2 ) ra 00 Mr J Han ern bfbt. (Milli) lyn 0 0 li A Vin an a b o Tim Gilt 3) ra 0 0 Mr J Vi lcissoa be Woolbino G)ra 0 8 Mr W K lovera Inn hovelutto f )ra 0 0 Mr A ftav les a b g llnron Noeker 2 yra 0 4 Mr 1 lthodon s b g faoal loose 4 yra II A Mr II Co oil. n» W e. Murra Hurra li yra 0 0 Mr J Hamilla bo I lato ljrs 0 0 1 he weights for the Melbourne Cup will be issued on Monda) also those for tho Huwkcs bury Ginini Handicap J he handicaps tor the Winter Steeplechase Meeting of the Victoria Hacine, Club will bo declared on Monday lu ruing Hie acceptances and general entries for \\\ cdiiesih.j h meeting of the Mooroopna Hacine, Club are due on Mon la) Hie weights for net. Sutnrdays Grand Nation ii meeline, at J Isternwick park will appear on Monday COLKSINC. ..ALLAltV- CLUB MLEUNG Jum. 2j and 2C (Bl -.tLtORAIH riOMOUK COlinKSPOVDENT , Judge-Mr D C Collard, lion Slipper Mr II Dobson -.UCIM.OUVE SrAKES For 20 oil ages at i.4 is each Winner £85 runner up £17 wini cr of threo couraea £8, wlnuora of two courses -4 each III Queen oí Tr imp- I cat \\\ li i le liUUrat Wini e 1 cat Orasslioi | cr Qwenlollnuob)e I\ Quocn of Trumps beat Gwendoline Mr Ii Sniltlicramaf worw f b Quoon of Trump!, b) Whlatlln. Ukk-Prairio Girl »nil Mr W Malloy a r vi b Ballarat Winnie b) Chester-LU), divided tho stake THE LADIES' BltVClLrT, For 10 all a£0. at £¿ ¿a each W inner £20, ruDner up i.10 , two doea £J eaoh III Wild Chester beat Winkle lloro beat Quilt) IV Mrs Wilina m (Mr I W Igitms a) bk w dp Wild Chester, b) Uicstor-Wilful boat Misa M A Bryant na (Mr J II Bizant a) f vv d Hero, by Utily Fagan Lady Lenore, and won the stuko IIFA1LN DOO SIAKES, For eight all ages, ot i.2 _ each \\\ Inner, £8, second _4 Mr W Smyth b bd v. d .towpon n b)o, Mr - H Drew s bd w d Sir b ranola II absent Mr a W blnclalra fwd Savaual» beat Mr J Wlgclna a w hi d p Wonda Mr J Wllliama'e bk u b Nolllo li beat Sanguin arla Mr J Fox a bl. w d I-onl Ormond beat Mr H S Barrett'B r w d p Burnt Creok. II Btowpan beat Savanaka -Hellio li beat Lord Ormond III Mr W Smyth iMwd Stowpan by Billy Fag*n Slater Nanoo, boat Mr J Williams a bk w ü -Maíllo II , by Qrcnadier-Uertha, and won tim .Uko F HU) Al Tho third meeting of the season in con- nexion with the Ballarat Coursing Club was concluded to day under somewhat dispiriting circumstances, rain falling during the whole timo the few trials on the curd were being run lhere wuh naturally but a very nmull attendance 'I ho Urcildoune Stakes fell to a division between Queen of '1 rumps and Ballarat Winnie, the former of whom won the '1 asmaman Plate at the Werribee last season, whilst as Ballarat Winnie is m the kennel of Mr W, Bailey, the Ballarat courser may be expected to (ill two or three nominations ¡n tho forthcoming Waterloo Cup The Ladies' Bracelet was won by a Chester puppy in Wild Chester, an own brothel of .. i'liil Chester, vv inner of the Derby at the last h illaiat meet mi, Mr Collatd and Mr Dobson respec- tive!) judged and slipped very well to du) SlILRWOOD 1'Altlvlll LTING Tho Scpaiution Stakes and Anniversary Stakes, which weie oii_,iiiall) intended to bo 22 nominations euch were )cstprdii) reduced to 1(1 the formt r being tor puppies at I tunicas each with a ¿r> guiñe i plate added bj Mr W T Clarke, and tho latter for all iit,cs at . (.niñeas each Onlj two nominations are \nc mt in each stake it Is also intended to havo a couple of eight dog stakes for puppies and all age., nt 3 gurnetts each, to close at I p m onluesduy 1 be draw is at 8 o clock at the Mitre Tavern, the aamo evening The running takes place on Wed nesday -UNALLA CLUB MLJ.TING June 2G aivd 27. (Br Tei EBiiAru TnoM Oun ConitnsrovDEM ) Judge-Mr T. Chadwick Slipper-R. Hoe, juii STAKE. Var 14 nil at oa, at £1 each Ilothorom beat Sexton Moll Koo beat Cliumtls _?!) beat . oung Planet Bj ron beat Tim 8 Slater Timothy beat Sir Roger 1 ay beat 1 mi Harrington beat Slim Jim II Bolliorem boat Moll Uoe I j ron boat Hy Timothy boat 1 a) Harrington a byo III Timothy beat Botherom Byron agalUBt Harrlmiion FltlDAY The first meeting of the new Benalla Club was commenced to day The last two courses could not be run and had to be lett over till Saturda) Mr '1 Chadwick, ol Melbourne, )udged in fust clasB Btyle SANDIIUUSr MALDON AND BAKING HUP CLUB M1.1.11NG (Br TELKartArn Fitovt Ouu Comiesi undent ) MALDON, TiiiDAT Hie iollovvmg is the draw for tho third meeting of this club - AVOOA cup ror 10all age» ot £2 _ cooli Winner£12 andtrophy v nluo U is the tilt of Mr U S Bariott, second, £0 two docs £Joach Mr Hûiinlsoii a vv 11 b Rosy Ouccn, t v W Iiistling Dick-Mischief neït Mr 1 ettit a bk vv b Cassandra by Star-IIIt,h Seal Mr Bruce s lik w d Brewer's Trav oller by Norman -Comet nest Mr It. J Moorhead a f vv d -emile, b) Darkie-I ly Mr House a blew b Hailstorm b) Isimrol-La dv Hamlet a,st Mr lnhi W ollinc,ton-Fairy Queen Mr M Kinley 9 f li Quoon Bee by Whistling Dick Venus »>.st Mr Hamilton a I w b Miss Uonald by Clm .tonalli-Mj Mr lluiridcoa Id Maitor Harr) b) lied Rover Plxlo o.stMr Chisholm a bk vv b lair), by Rex Venus Mr Oliver s f w d 01 efon b) Baron Mar) borough St Austell Ludv ac,_tMr Housoa » r b ll)aolntli, b) Horatio II -Belle M-honc Mr Hardlncabk bLaili Campbell, bv Cohn Camp bell-Flirt air.t Mr Oiattin » bit vv b Lady Hund w b) Duke of Huccleuoh-U ishful Bess Mr Ollierafw d Minstrel Bo) I) Murdoch-Dido, agstMr Burrldgu s vv f b Beehive Lil), b) Bocblvo Hannah noriDAT S.AKTS For 10 puppies, at 2 cuineas each Winner £12, hccon I. £0 thir I uni fourth £.1 Mr Hamiltons r u ii Master Ronald by Clan Uonald-I Jy (Nov) n|,st Mr House a bk w Í Hail -torn) by Ovcrsinal) II - Hailstorm (Nov ) Mr Wwldells bk b Maori b) Capital-Tuna Fancy (Jill)) n.st Mr lot-It a bl w d Laddie, by ..elson Tabule (Mar ) Mr bmlthorani a bk w b Sk)light, by Whistling Dlol- Mvrtlu(hov) agatMr Cook a bk w d St rill),, b) M)-Smoker (Jan ) Mr BoAtert bk w b Nell by Dawn-Fl) (Doo) agat Mr llroadfoot a bk vv b G'cnroy, b) Uion) siua 0 Kane-Miss Watson (Jan) Mr Con» a) a bk w d I elipse ngst Mr House a r v. d lla.lewood, by Ovcrsman li -Hailatonu (fsov) Mr Conwa) a b 11> Lena ftgst Mr W oddcll a bd b Rub), hi Cn] ¡tal-lim B 1 ancy (Noi ) Mr Stultticrauis vv bk b Queen of Spades ty Whl tllnc, Dlok-Lady Timor (Hoc.) agat Mr Itcnn son b I wd lt!nc.wood, b) W Iiistling Bick-Hosoinary (Oct) Mr Schml It a vv r b Sabina, by Master Harry Hannah (leb) a bj o 'I ho meet is at Lawrence s Loddon Tlotol, Baringhup, on Wednesday neve, at 8 o clock a. m rO\TJ_KKÏÏ.I-S BRIGHTON PAUK I LUMPTOV Tho following havo nomliiatlons in tho Champion Stakes to I o run for on Vicdncsla) next - Mo_sra Malcolm Harris Mea 1er M Lonnan Coulson C, w Liloklus Lilla and Armstrong The final payments | ontrios and draw uro on Monda) night. BILLIARDS VIC 1 ORIA CLUB HANDICAP * " Tho annuul billiard baiitlioap willoh lias boon In progress at tho \letorl-n Club during tho last 10 da) s was brought to nconclusion yosterda) oicuilic, lhere wero 48 uccc{ tances and the I est threo men vi ero Messrs J Coleman (rccolvlnc, 40 joints) O Al lor son (05) and T Qrciiorl (1110) the latter having tho bvc The game was - 0 itj spot stroke limited to three consecutive hazards Mr Coleman liai lug defc-tel Mr Al lor_on by 10 ] oints he and Mr tlrcLory carno together for the final guille tho bcttlnc, bclnc, 4 to 1 on the latter at tho start. A treat chango however ocoiurcd within a quarter of nn hour nftet the gan o boç.an Mr Coleman Beorlng lui to his opponeita 1.0 vvlion ¡j to 4 was the best offer on Ureiror) Sill scquently Gregory showcl _:ood pla) an 1 acoiol -00 to Coleman a 110 odls of 0 to 1 finding no re sponso till the latter ran up to 10 to Grceor) a -OS when tile pneo dropj ed to 0 to 4 followed b) 0 to 4 on Colonial! as Ids acoro became 20 » or 11 behind only trout this Gregor) vvei t ahead awaiti and eventually won by __lto21¿ amid treat apj lau"o rho first prize is a massive siller eui presented by Mi S Italnsburv manufactured es] eclallv bv Mr II J Her! erte Bourke street On tho top is a billi ir I table with two pla) rrs mid the st m of tho troi h) Is composed of oues In a circular at mil rho bccond and thtrd prizes aro a gol 1 1 racclot and tool et \ re scnted b) the America» Hop Iilttur9 Company and Mr VV Webb The peculiarity of tho t »ina ment so far as the fin ile was concerne! Is the fact that Mr Gregor) hitherto uni no vii In tho mctroiio Utan district waa unwittlngl) hondlcoppid with ii 0 blgiillowanceof 130 | lints und vas lacked from the Htart to win n good stako at 2u to 1 and J to 1 HOWINO KEW HIGH SCHOOL V HAWTHORN GRAMMAR SCHOOL Tho minunl contest between tho pupila uttcndîn? tilt Kew luff h and Hawthorn Grammar behool» takoa placo on the Upper Yarra at half past 2 oolocl thin altyrnoon bor soma tuno past tho crow« havo been training aBslduoutfly, tho Kew under the tuition of Mr Up »ard ntid tho Hawthorn under th it of thoir muster Mr C II Ir.incr and hoth trentlcmeti hal o had anj tiling but a pleasant tasl The bunl« of tho river havo been most uuploasantlv niuddv and f-hppciy during1 tho ja.t three «teks rendering* tha coaching and »eooHHary running with t)io crew» from the »hore u dillieult matter, but the,} ha.e been re wirded by the in te runt tho bovs have taken lu thair worl an 1 tho rapid improvement tho> havo nmdo In their rowniif Inc Ko» crew exhibit tho better form and aro co n seo, u out li tho favourites for to da. ñ rae o, which will lia tho seventh that haj been rowed by these schools Iho first content took plací en thu Upper Yarra in lb7l> and waa won by tho Kow, ulm scored another wctorj on thu Saltwater Ith or In tho following ¿car J he Upper ^ ana eouiro waa rovorted to in subsequent raccti, tho Hawthorn winnini; 1» 1831 18S2, and 188Í arid the Kow in 188.. so that an ctpial number oi points has been Hetnireu by each achool "The contest thin afternoon will he rowed over tho cuhtoniarj Upper Hiw r courue, starting fiom tho loj.tsh_.ds and fluUhlng at tho Botanical bridge and it lu expected will driw a lar^o com oiirt.0 of spcointoia to \iew the labt of tho animal fixtures J tie names and weights of tho crows aro as under - Kow HlLh School -A 8 Cartor (bow). Out 01b , II A Hnbling 0»t nib S lï Laurence, Oit 111b, O H I aurcuco (btroküj, lint, 21b , G y É Audoruon (cox ) 6s t Haw tliorn Grammar behool-J D Read (bow ) Oat lib , D \\\ Coiut_ \>Hl alb V Johnson, Hut 81b , G li Irving' (stroLc), liât, lib , U Campbell (cox ), 4ht 101b. Mesará \\\ H Brown, F Carlilo, and G Henderson have boen obosi n to fill tho ro_pectho posta of umpire, judge, and Starter YACU'lING NOILS Tho St Kilda Yacht Club hold a dinner at the GeoijiO Hotul, St Kilda, next'Ncdne.c.ay evening at 8 o clock UopreseiitativcH from tho Victoria and other yacht clubs will bo present, and arrun^emontH are being made to render the «athel lug as uuctosslul aa poBsible The uaual monthly meeting of tho Mctorla Yacht Club has boen postponed from tho 1st to the bth pro\ Iho eonimittoc are arranging to hold tho yacht oluh ball In tho laut weott hi Augubt. Iho cuttor yacht Absc^al, now tho property of Mr G T Murnini, of Sjdntj. which wa» rcportod to have sailed for her destination some days ago, has not yet cleared out of Hobson's Bay FOOTBALL. SCOTCH COLLEGE V. GEELONG COLLEGE. The match between the above schools took place at Geelong yesterday on the Corio cricket-ground. The ground waa in ver) (food condition, considering thu luto rains Hobortaon, tho Scotch cuptaln, having won tho toss from W Held, decided to bick towards the western youl, aided by a Blight breedo blow in if across tho ground On tho kick off tho bootch rushed tho hall to tho Geelong goal whero Hall mndo a Uno mark, and panned It on to M'Lcod, who kicked it fair through tho pouts 1 irst goal to tho Seo toll amid groat cheering \V Keid kicked tho ball off, and for ti o no_tfi.w minutos It was kept alón,,' tho wing-, until at last tho Scotch prevailed and f o rood tho hull in front of tho O eel on g pouts wheru M'Lcod again secured tho hall, and klckod sec nd goat for tho hootch Col logo Soon aftor tho start Wai burton, of tho booten had a natty collision with another play or During tho re_t of tho first half the Scotch had tho best ol the gama Kobe, tsou of tho Scotch, pla) ed a fino gamo tula half After thu usual Interval tho ball, h hen thrown up wau at oncu talc on to tho Gee long goal and kicked bohlnd After this M Arthur mario u fino run down tho wine, and tho ball was tar ried ri(-ht up to the fecotch, post» and kiokod bohlnd Boon aftor w Koid seemed a mark in front but only kicked It behind After soino play along tho wing tho Geelong forced tho ball In front whero Outhrio got a mark and kiokod flr»tt,oal tor Goolong' ilobert Bon having kicked tho hal] off tho Scotch mudo a slight rally, but the Gcclonir again prevailed and brought it In front, whero Boyd got a mark within kicking distanco, but failed to score. Sot oral moro bohlnda wore obtained by Goolong Ac last Robertson, of Geelong, got a mark nndwent tcry cloao Ramsay, of tho Scotch, wus placing a (rrnnd (ramo From this to tho li ii lah tho Goolong' pressed tholr opponent* pretty closo Tho final result wa. 2 goal* 6 behind« to tho Scotch College against doolong Col I ego's 1 goal 10 behind« Robertson of tho Scotch, played tho callie of theday ably seconded bv Katuwu, Armstrong, Jackson bargood. Gilchrist, und h re it mover, while for tho Ooclong Colligo, Bowl, the two Held», Moirlson, M * Arthur, Evcrlngham. and Kearney showed to tho best advantage Mr Kerie} poilormed the dutloa of central uninlre GUtLONG: GRAMMAR SCHOOI. \ GEl-LONG COLLLGU A match van pla)rd at Oo long* on Wednesday between tho abo*,oaubools Thû behool waa eapttümd by H Matson, and tho Collogo hy \\\ Held rho game ended In a wctory for tho behool by 2 goals and U behind», to 1 goal and 0 behind» £ha_a who plavcd bent for the m.hool wcro MaUon, Tv son Itwo), liailoy, Crabbe, Olllcer, Gillett, and Boll, while for ihe College, Hold (two) 1 voringhani, Bojd Wetten- hall and Develin plajea a good t,umc Mr Keri ey ¿ave o.oiy fiatis.Actlou ia central umpire Tho following are the leading matches for this afternoon :— Melbourne v Carlton, at Melbourne Cricket gromm-Tho following will reprisent Mclbomno - Aitken, Baird, Bailey, Carroll, Collie, Coulson (two), Doran, Ldwaids, 1 ranks, Maro, Orillltha, .lohn non, Kcllj, MCrlmllo liant Ross, IC Itoblusan, I strachan, Taj lor, Tuckfield Willis Carlton team Atti en, Baker, Breon, Cook, Cameron (two) Dion, Hyland, lohmton, Know led, Lcj din, Mair M'incruei, ( O Beni, Rickards, Strickland, Uhncr, Wilson, Woods, ¡Whelan, omorgoncloi, Crapp, Muh Hie Member» ticket» almit tu ground and stand Second twenties i pla\ at 1 rlnco s ov al * Ls-cndon \ UnKerclti, at r M CG - Fs.endon w'll ha represented from Aitken, Butt, Drape, ? Hean, Heming, Julio», Lawltr, Martin, Mcader, Molino, Mooie, M'Shano, Nicolson, Powell Tike, | Pearson Kout (2), Smith, Stationl, Sehire, lindale Tho Un verity team in as follows -Angwin, Bell, | G li Cussen (captain) LIB Ciibson, Dathh, 1 ree man, Gleeson, G oui on, GoHuian, Hcalj, Horne, Lace\, lewers, Po cr, llover» (vico captain), bhavv, I Symo, J 8 Thomson, It S Thom on, Thwaites 1 Kino ra cno los-Mesura Abeniothv, Brutrgman South Ml Ibourno . lUchmond, on tho South Mel bourne Orleket-ground -South MoH-OUrno will ho selected from tim following -Burns, Bushell, I 1ms, Duels, Doohertj, Dal}, DKon, I rlend, Gra.o( Harper, Hill, Haune\Heet Ivitmlburgh, Kitchen, Minchin, M'Donald, M'Shano Porr}, Page, Held, Wood, Wallace, "Young Blohmond team will bo selected from tho following - b Beul, Conlon, Uder, Graham (two) Howuith, Hill, Harpur, Leighton, Mullah, Purcell, koarlo, Stewart, ojio, Shand, Smith, Tajlor, Wookev. Owens Kelio, W clin, Crolmn, Whelan W Bou. The Bichmoml toam will lca\e cornei Brldgo and Punt roads about 2 pin I it?ro> v Ballarat Imperial, on tho Htzrov Crlcl et ground-The follow lui, will represent thu 1 it/roy - Bc^fs, Carew, Coleman, Carroll Cooper, 1 lliott, 1 whig, 1 itigcrahl, Kerr gan Lindsay, M'Shano (cap tain), Muir, Maher, Veiling, Nailinn ltobortson, Uappiport, bheurwood, Taj lor, Williams Hotham v Williamstown, at the Hotham Reserve -Hotham Team-AleS-io, Bundo, Balley, Ihtuu., Cherry, Howers, li ma, Houston, Johnston (two), Loe eh, Morris, M Cracl cn, M Intoah, O Brien, Putera, Shaw, Swan, Tankard Todd, emorgtney, Carlton Williamstown team-Clark, I itzpatrlok, Gibbs, Jone., (three), James Kenned}, Laming, Mack re 11 M'Donald, Hc%au, KUett, Smith, SciUt tiger, Tubb, Taj lor, \\\ ard Warrun, Worroll, emergencies, Weatherhead, Orr, lei ree The following matches are also arranged for to-day : —Evansdale v Young Australians, at Grace-park, Hawthorn ; Elmsmere v. West End second twenty, at tho Military ltcservo North lark \ Brunswlek, at Ko>utpark, North Park Bccoml v South Melbourne second at South Melbourne , Northcote v loot.cra}, at Northcote, Northcote second \ Murlton, at Albert park, Hambow \ loco at Bojalparl Southein Ciois v Berwick, at Berwick south, rn Cross htcornl v Wvmi.ta., at 1 awkner park , South bt Kilda (second) \ Collingwood Cn scent, on the ground of the former ; St Kilda Royal v. St. Francis Xavier's College, at Kew, Hawksburn v. Albert-park, at South Melbourne, St Kilda Royal (second) v. Caulfield ( peoud) at St. Kilda, Moonee Ponds v. St. Kilda, at St. Kilda, West End v. Eastern Market, on tho Military Itcsorv o, Union . Curl ton Imperial, at Albert-purl., Nelson v Uûsoof Carlton, ut lto>al park BUITIbll ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL The Hcanoy Cup compctitim commences this altor noon, wlieu two niatcht.8 will Urpliijed vii.-Hieb mona v Carlton, on tho Hlehiuoud Cricket-ground , referee, Mr Gibbs Albert par tv Melbourno on the \\\ archouHCinon s Cricket ground, St Kilda ro id , refirec.iMr M'Ktnlaj ladies admitted free Kir le oil In both matches at a quat tor past J pm prompt Iho follow i rig mo the teams -Carlton (red and black)-M Ausland goal, lunnloliffe and M Dougall, hack., Allison (captain) M Millan and W K Spunco, lulílacks.H Uccaun and Teare, right wing, Aus tin centro, 1 W Spence and 1 Bceaon, lett wing ltlchniond(whit.)-Sorb} (captain) Liddiard, Haine-., Walker, 1 oublns, Pari bison, Ï rost Barclaï llowaid, Waru, and M Callum Melbourno (blue)- viney, goal, 11 II Smith and H Christie, backs, Dike (captolu) and lrovis, halfbacks, Ldrard and W Christie, light wing, Fulton and Hint, centres, W II Smith mid Uedfcrn, left wing Albert park (bluo and vvhitu)-Woen, fcoal, Causer and Hose backs, Fraser, living, and Cromwell, half ti icks, Wlurlnt, ton, Brown, lieber, Kiley, mid Ueid, forwards. 31UHL1NG Tho members of tho Emerald lilli Hutllng Club muet for practice at the Albeit park hurling ground at J pm sharp Tho ti am to tako pjrt In the forth- coming inateh at Mulrn-bur> will be finally picked. LAWN TENNIS Melbourno V Kew-A match between thoBo clubs will bo placed at 2 p m toda) (Saturdav), at Kew Melbourno team-Mesara U Bayles, Kvaus, An dcrttOii, and Ord LACKOSSR Tho following aro thu club engagements for to da> -South Yarra \ Bohemian» on tho Melbourno Lacrosse ground University v Iitzro>,ot lltzro} Bohemiana \ South Urn at Albert park, Kant Melbourno. South Melbourne, at Albert park, Col ling wood v South Melbourne (second) BICYCLING Tho rum arrangod for thin aftornoon are an foi Iowa -Normanby "dub to tho Ko>alpark, 1 ernside club, to Keilor , Melbourne club, to Doncaster. 