©ur Summarg of "iEnglisfj Nrfos* MfrCompiltd from ihe E>it ,tj»:an Mail, Home Kerns, and ether tilt' jui'rwif* .*— IjANdei> jm»j>eity in Ireland is at pre sent almost unsaleable, and, ill conse quence of the deadlock in the Landed Estates Court, Judge Flanagan has just expressed a hope that a measure would speedily he introduced into Parliament to meet the crisis. Mr. John O'Leary, formerly editor of the Irish Pbople, who was sentenced to twenty years' penal servitude in 1805, on a charge of treason felony, attended a public meeting of the Young Ireland So ciety in the Round Room of the Rotunda. | Dublin, on Jan. 19. He was presented with an address, and Mrs. Redmond handed a bouquet of flowers, amid a scene of great enthusiasm. Mr. O'Leary said he came back from exile with the same feelings which he carried into the prison. He would have to wait to see how far men and things had changed in Ireland, and he would then be able to see how far he could put himself in harmony with the current course of events and the practical action of public men. Threatened Suspension of TwentyThou sand Foresters.—Thirteen years ago the High Court, the supreme governing body of the Foresters, now numerically the largest friendly society in tlie world, made it compulsory that all future members ad mitted into the order must pay contribu tions graduated according to age and the benefits promised. A number of courts have disregarded warnings from the two last High Court meetings. The executive council have just issued a final warning, in which they intimate their intention of enforcing the law, which will entail on the offending courts suspension from the order. They add that, as they are loth to, take this step, tlicy hope the offenders will now promptly comply with the Jaw. It ib computed that this notice affects 20,000 members, with over £100,000 funds, but their financial condition would be much improved if they obeyed tlie law. An unfortunate incident has just oc curred at Athens in connection with a member of the English Embassy there. It appears that Mr. Nicholson, British Charge d'Affaires, whilst out walking with his wife, entered a park which was not open to the public, and, not under standing the words of a geudarme who ordered him to leave, was grossly' insulted and eventually struck by the official. Mr. Nicholson defended himself against the gendarme, who at first did not know the station of the diplomatist, but who per sisted in his insolent attitude even after being told his name. The King, on being informed of the incident, instantly sent one of his Aides-de-Camp to the English Em bassy, to express his deepest regret at the outrage, and shortly afterwards the Prime Minister and the Minister of Foreign Af fairs personally called on Mr. Nicholson, who addressed a note to the Foreign Office demanding satisfaction. In reply a note was sent promising full satisfaction, and a prosecution of the gendarme before the Correctional Police. He was subse quently dismissed the service, besideB being sentenced to two months' imprison ment. The Earl of Wilton, who had been for nearly eighteen months suffering from cancer in the tongue, for which his lord ship underwent two operations, died at Egerton Lodge, Melton Mowbray, on January 18. A luminous tree grows in a valley near light to enable anyone near to read small print, while the luminous leaves can be aeen a mile away. The phenomenon is attributed to parasites. The spiritualists are still pegging away. The latest is to the effect that Mr. G. Damiani challenges Mr. Labouchere in the sum of £1000 (to be given to a charity), and undertakes to "prove that the forms of those we call dead do return among us, temporarily clothed in flesh and decked in beautiful garments ; that they converse with an assembled com pany, under certain conditions, and that, moreover, they sit and have their photo < •- pbs taken." The challenge is also Urn* iv&S0;(l to " one and all of the 7,000,000 of Agnostics in tliis country who look upon Mr. Labouchere as a mentor and an oracle." It may be added that owing to Mr. Labouchere having made it an essen tial part of his clialleuge that the test should be submitted to a jury of con jurers, Mr. Damiani has declined to have anything further to say or do in the mat ter. The telephone is about being introduced into Tunis under very peculiar circum stances. A Frenchman, who was once a priest of the Protestants in Paris, after wards a Trappist in Algeria, and is now a Mussulman at Kairman, has been in vested with the charge of a Rouba or shrine. Though he is said to speak Arabic admirably and to preach on the Koran with great unction, lie finds the offerings of believers who visit the shrine come in slowly. Accordingly a telephone is being fitted up which will convey to him in his chambers the questions put to the saint by the Arab pilgrims. By the same agency he will be able to return replies calculated to startle and amaze the natives. This is making science the handmaid of religion in a way little contemplated by devout believers in the Koran. A tragic occurrence at Garristown, a village near Balbriggan, county Dublin, was the subject of an inquest on Jan. 20. A farmer named Archibald, and his house keeper named Connell, were found dead in the loft of an outhouse by a farm labourer who burst open the door of the house. Not finding any occupant in the house lie searched the loft, and there found the woman with wounds in her throat. She had evidently been dragged out of bed and murdered with a hatchet which lay near, while Archibald had his throat cut, apparently by a clasp knife, which he had still grasped in his hand. He had a farm of about twenty-three acres, and was of temperate and thrifty habits, but he was observed to be lately depressed, and he was shunned by the neighbours for co habiting with £he woman. The juiy found a verdict of " Wilful murder" against Archibald, and that he had com mitted suicide while labouring under tem porary insanity. According to the Navy List for 1885, the German Navy is officered by one vice- admiral, seven rear-admirals, seventy one captains, ninety-two lieutenants, 161 sub-lieutenants, 116 midshipmen, and 118 cadets. The fleet consists of twenty-four ironclads, eight cruising frigates, nine corvettes, five cruisers, four gunboats, eight despatch boats, nine training ships, two transports, and twelve vessels for service in the ports, making in all eiglity one ships. In addition to the vessels do ing duty upon the coast at home, there are eleven on foreign service, of which four are in the East, three in Australia, and one each upon the coasts of South i America, the Mediterranean, East Africa, and the North Atlantic. At a town in the Beviera a most aristo cratic personage has, wo are informed, been much annoyed by being mistaken for the manager of a troupe of expected circus equestrians of foreign notoriety. He has been asked in all directions for a good place in connection with the enter prise. Somehow be must be a likeness of the manager, and small discredit, for managers nowadays look and do the grand thing in every quarter and great city of the world. 41A Polymorphous Fete," is the latest entertainment which, it is said, has just been given in Paris by a well-known ac tress. The ball-room was, we read, transformed into & funeral chamber, to harmonise with the character of the en tertainment ; and the guests amused them selves by playing at ghosts. The gentle men arrived in spectre attire: and the ladies were deliciously dressed as phan toms ; coffins were liberally placed about the room, and and round amongst them a game of hide and seek was entered into with much zeal. Afterwards there was a dance of a spectral description ; and to it succeeded a concert, in which the ghosts performed. As, however, not withstanding the phantom-like appear ance of the guests, they gave evidence of being flesh and blood by an excellent ap petite, the night's festivities were brought to au end by a choice supper, served on the coffins, piled np on one another to form a table. Thereis no more harm, per at cards, or any other game. Asa contem porary remarks, it is a matter of taste, and there is no accounting for tastes. But the entertainment in question can hardly be said to be a cheerful one. i The age of miracles is not yet past, if | we are to credit the strange story which I reaches us from Chester. Bearing in mind the authenticated instances of crip ples who have been known to undergo: sudden cureB, it is impossible to under- i stand the case of the Chester tramcar: driver, who iB said to have suddenly re covered the full use of his limbs after a lameness of fifteen years' standing. It' is alleged that the Chester "miracle" is the result of the " healing by faith" pro cess in vogue with the Salvation Army, of which body the car driver recently be-; came a member. So far as we are aware, General Booth and bis followers have not j yet put forth any direct claim to perform miracles, and it is just possible that the enthusiasm of the Chester cripple may cause some embarrassment to his fellow Salvationists. Before thiB tale can be ac cepted we must have some independent scientific evidence as to the original na ture and extent of the tramcar driver's lameness. The man must be called upon to explain what impelled him to jump off j his vehicle and fall on his knees opposite the Combermere monument, of all other j places in the city of Chester. Imagina tion is a curative element in certain forms of hysterical and nervous diseases, but, as | a writer in Lloyd's remarks, chronic | lameness is hardly the sort of complaint to yield to the strongest brain will. Should the Salvationists accept the posi tion, and be able to prove that their j "faith process" will bear the test of, scientific investigation, the Army may depend ux>on a large accession of con verts. Some horrible disclosures just made at 1 Chalons, in France, ought to serve to re mind those who are in the habit of be stowing charity on child-beggars in tlie j streets that too frequently they are, in T"*""" ■—j-. ,, raging infamous characters, who martyr ise the helpless children in their power. The attention of the police at Chalons was lately attracted by a little boy with one j arm, and another child, a cripple, wheel ing himself about in a small wooden box. Both children appeared so utterly miser able and pain-stricken that they were taken to the station, where they told a sad story of suffering. About two years j ago, it transpired, the boys, who are cou sins, aged respectively eightandten, were living with tlieir parents at Baicelona. Whilst returning from school together i they were accosted by a man and woman, who enticed them to the railway station and brought them to Perpignan. There, and subsequently at Chalons, one of the boys was made one-armed, the other a cripple, the limbs it was requisite to sup press being bent and strapped in the most | cruel manner. After a time the little : lad who wheeled himself about in the box was cut about the loins with a knife, cor roBive liquid being poured on to Jus wounds. His legs were further attenu ated by ropes tightly wound round them ; in Bhort, for upwards of two months the little martyrs were operated upon daily, and success having attended the horrible process, they were sent out to beg in the streets of various French towns. Happily the man and woman who tortured them have been arrested, and will be tried for their inhuman offence. On January 21 Mr. Parnell addressed his constituents in the Cork theatre. A charge of from fid. to £1, was made for admission, notwithstanding which the house was crowded in all parts. Mr. Parnell said he looked forward to the fu ture with a light heart, for he was con vinced that five hundred thousand Irish men enfranchised by the new Act would be even truer to Ireland than those who went before them. Having briefly touched on the land and labour question, he re ferred to that of Irish independence. They could not, he said, ask for less than the restoration of Grattan's Parliament and its privileges. They could not under the British Constitution ask for more; but no man had a right to fix the bound ary of the march of the nation, and no man had a right to say, " Thus far shalt thou go and no further." Whilst going thus far, they were doing nothing which would prevent better men wbo would fol low them from gaining better things than those they sought. Michael Downey, who was convicted at the last Winter Assizes of the murder of a farmer named Maylan, atCionboo, county Galway, on Sept. 15, 1883, has been exe cuted in Galway Gaol. He was tried three times—first at the Summer As sizes and twice at the Winter Assizes. After two disagreements of the jury, he was found guilty. Maylan was shot dead while crossing a stile. The prisoner made a statement admitting that he was at the place, hut alleging that he was one of a party of four men who were lying in wait for the deceased, and that he was not the man who actually fired the shot. The jury who convicted the prisoner recom mended him to mercy on the ground that i he acted under the influence of a third ' person. A memorial was forwarded to the Lord Lieutenant in support of the re-i commendation, and it was in reference to this that the very gross imputation was , cast upon his Excellency that he had re spited Parry, another prisoner under sen tence of death, because he was a Pro- i testant, and had given no answer to the memorialists in favour of Downey, be cause he was a Roman Catholic. Lord Spencer, however, decided in both cases that the law should take its course, al though in Parry's case he thought it right to have a special examination made as to his sanity. At a late hour the culprit made the following written confession ; which he requested should be made pub lic:—-*I, Michael Downey, under sen- ! tence of death for the murder of John Maylan. do publicly declare, on the eve i of my execution, that I committed the crime for which I have been found guilty and sentenced to die." Those who have a taste for curios have certainly had an opportunity of late of indulgingtheirpropensity to the full. Two or three choice collections have recently changed hands, and another is about to be offered which will doubtless com mand considerable attention. We refer to the remarkable and ex tensive collection belonging to the late Rev. F. Silver, Rector of Nor- i ton-in-Hales, Shropshire, who had a perfect passion for collecting every thing that was at all odd or curious from almost every part of the globe. The sale, which is expected to last about a fortnight, will include his splendid collection of odd books— i many in black letter—autographs, ture, clubs from the Sandwich Is lands, muskets from Inkerman, bronzes, ancient and modern coins, china, and a goodly number of pic tures, among which are many old masters. Among the oddments in the museum is a strange one for a clergyman to prize—a shoe once worn by Miss Mellon, the actress who became Duchess of St. Albans, j The largest house in England is j said to be Went.worth Woodhouse, j the property of Earl Fitzwilliam. j It is constantly occupied, and is the > scene of a noble hospitality tra- j ditional in Yorkshire, it being the I only mansion there where the old j custom of " public days," when per- ; sons of various classes and con ditions are equally welcome, is yet maintained. Ireland's most mag nificent residence is Gosford, the Earl of Gosford's, which is deserted for the best part of the year. Drutu lanrig, the Duke of Buccleuch's, is the finest residence across the bor der. It was superbly rehabilitated by the late duke, and for many years has during every autumn been crowded with guests. An extraordinary accident oc curred at the Harris Colliery, near Pontypridd, on December 12. The colliery is known as the Harris Deep Navigation Pit, and its great est depth is 789 yards. About a thousand colliers are engaged, and operations were being conducted for getting coal from the lower or downcast shaft. Men were em ployed for this purpose, and at day named five of them descended. The ordinary cage was. being re paired, and the men were lowered in a bucket. When they had de scended about thirty yards the rope attached to the bucket suddenly snapped, and the bucket dashed down a distance of over seven hundred yards, carrying with it all the occupants except one. One man fell into the drainage " sump," in which there were eight feet of water, but must have been killed before reaching the bottom. One held ou to the guide rope, and re mained suspended in the shaft, which was now closed at the top. He was able to lower himself down by degrees to within about 100 yards of the level, and, marvellous to say, retained his hold seven hours, when he was rescued without hav ing sustained serious injury. A man named Thomas Parry lias J been indicted at Caiiick-on-Shan- j non assizes, before Judge Lawson, for the murder of his sweetheart, Alice Burns, aged 23, at the Royal Hotel, Galway, on July 29 last. Prisoner was herd and stock man ager in the service of Miss New sotu, of Edenderry, King's County, and had been engaged to be mar ried to Miss Bums for about eight months before the murder. The proprietor of the hotel, who was the stepfather of the girl, disap proved of the match, and on the 26th July Miss Burns wrote to the prisoner stating that their en gagement was at an end, at the same time returning him his let ters and an engagement ring. Two days after Parry went to Galway, and on the morning of the murder he entered the hotel, where, after exchanging a few words with the girl, who was at breakfast behind the bar, be fired at her four times with a revolver. Each shot took effect, and she expired immediately, one of the bullets passing through the heart. A plea of insanity was set up for the prisoner, but inde pendent medical testimony was pro duced to show that he was quite sane at the time. The jury re turned to court with a verdict of guilty, but recommended the pri soner to mercy on the ground that he was exasperated by the letters he had received. The judge sentenced Parry to be hanged on the I3th January. We hear that the death of the Earl of Aylesford will be a severe blow to most of the British insur ance offices. It is stated that in surances, amounting in all to a vast sum, have from time to time been accepted upon his life, and there are very few companies in which he was not covered to a full extent. It is said, however, that some of the cautious ones were unwilling to issue policies on a person of such unpromising antecedents, and they thus escape the loss which falls upon their less particular fellow- workers. An extraordinary darkness pre vailed in the metropolis on Jan. 20. The atmosphere was not so thick as that experienced with the ordinary London fog, but the darkness re- , sembled that which prevails when an eclipse of the sun takes place. The street lamps were in some parts of London kept burning until long after the usual hour, and gas had also to be used for a time in all places of business. The river steam ers were unable to commence run ning at the usual time. The su burban trains were in many cases late, and fog signals had to be used. It was not until noon that the dark ness partially cleared off, when fog subsequently prevailed. Thomas Parry, aged twenty-six, who was convicted at the winter assizes of the murder of his sweet executed on Jan. 20 in Gal way gaol. He travelled from Queen's County to Galway for the purpose of shoot ing her, being exasperated because she had jilted him. At the trial the defence was a plea of insanity, and the jury recommended him to! mercy. A memorial was presented in his favour to the Lord-Lieuten- | ant, who respited his execution for j a week in order that enquires might be made as to his sanity. The re sult was that Lord Spencer decided that the law must take its course. A long statement was produced which Parry had handed to the go vernor immediately before the exe cution, expressing his sorrow for the crime for which he was to be justly punished, but lie said his mind was not l ight when he com mitted the deed, nor for a time be fore and afterwards. 