THE SUSPICIOUS CASE OF DEOWJSmG. The adjourned inquest on the body of William Allen, who was found drowned in the Torrens Lake, near the Company's Bridge, on Saturday morning, was continued at the Destitute Asylum on Tuesday morning. At the inquest held on Saturday afternoon the only evidence taken was that of P.C. Welling ton, of Lower North Adelaide. The coroner adjourned the inquest at that stage, stating that the case was a most suspicious one. The jury on Tuesday morning visited the scene of the occurrence. Mr. L. Roeder was foreman of the jury. Inspector Bee watched the case on behalf of the police. Robert Rowland Stuart, laborer, said that he was in the company of Allen on Saturday even ing about 5 o'clock. Met him near the Lion Brewery, and went from there to the British Tavern. Had a drink there. Was sober, but Allen was slightly intoxicated. Proceeded across the park lands to the Company's Bridge. Went into the Hackney Hotel at about 5.45. Had a glass of beerthere, and remained about twenty minutes. While there had no angry words with deceased. Then went with Allen into the Botanic Park. Stayed there about five minutes, when deceased said he was tired and went to sleep on the ground. Remained with him for about five minutes, and then proceeded slowly to Xhe Royal Hotel in Kent Town. Had one glass of beer there. After about ten minutea~~faad elapsed returned to deceased, who was asleep in the came place. Woke him and went into the Hackney Hotel between 7.30 and 8 o'clock. Allen was not sober. After remaining there for about twenty minutes went to cross the Company's Bridge, but deceased thought it was too dark to walk across a narrow plank, the bridge being under repair. Went to re turn by way of Frome Bridge, and had got about 250 yards from the Company's Bridge, when deceased turned around and called out, 'Help!' 'Police!' 'Murder!' Said, 'For God's sake, Allen, don'tmake thatnoise ; you will have all the country around us in five minutes.' Deceased continued to call out. Told hunr) if he persisted in yelling I would leave him. As he continued to call out, left him on the car riage drive, and returned to the bridge. When about 150 yards away still heard him. calling out. In' front of the Hackney Hotel there were several young men standing who asked, 'What's up?' replied, 'Find out.' Crossed the bridge, stood at a post, and waited for them. Thought they -wanted to fight. They asked why I had crossed the bridge so quickly, replied that I did not want to be pitched into by a lot of larrikins. They said that they wanted to know the meaning of the cries. Went back with them to the park to look for Allen. While in the park a constable joined the party, who arrested me. Deceased was in the habit of calling out in the night. One night could not sleep for his cries. Lived- in the next house to deceased, Elizabeth Allen, wife of the deceased, said that he was about 48 years old, and for eighteen years he. had been in the police force ; he was previous to his death messenger at the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. He was subject to epileptic fits. Never heard him shout out loud except in his sleep. Have heard him say 'My. God, my God.' Never heard him say, ' Murder, police.' He has given away to drink lately. Last eaw him alive on Friday, between 1 and 2 o'clock. Missed two £l-notes, but __ could not say whether he took them. Never heard any woids between Allen and Stuart. 'Did not tell Stuart that she thought her husband might do away with himself . He was down hearted and despondent. JJr. UorDin said he had made a post-mortem examination of the body of William Allen. There were bruises on both knees, principally the left, which may have been a few days' old. On removing the scalp found spots of effused blood on the top of the skull over a space of about 4 by 2 inches. The brain was healthy and uninjured. The fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth ribs were broken. There was blood efhiBed on the inner surface of the chest under these fractures. The heart was healthy ; both cavities contained dark fluid blood, with some small black clots. There was more blood in the right side than in the left ventricle. Both lungs were gorged with dark blood. There was 'an absence of the frothy mucous usually seen in cases of drowning. It appeared a case of simple asphyxia. -The other organs were healthy, but the liver -and kidney were rather dark. - The cause of death was suffoca tion, probably by drowning. If a man hadfallen .41 feet such injuries might have resulted. The fractures of ' the ribs were -very, severe. - The blow on the head gave the impression that they were caused by the body pitching on the head rather than from a weapon. There was no appearance of any brain disease at all. Thomas Samuel Bristpw, landlord of the Hackney Hotel, xaw Allen and deceased in the' bar of his hotel. Allen called for' two glasses of beer, and asked to see a paper. While witness was looking for the paper Allen and Stuart had two glasses of beer. Allen remarked to Stuart that he was a better man than Stuart— in a jocular way. They left at about 6 o'clock. At 7.30 saw Allen and btnart. Heard Allen say, 'How would you do it V Did not hear the reply. He then came into the hotel. Asked if they had had their fight out. Stuart replied, ' That the one was afraid, and the other did not like to.' They remained for about fifteen minutes. Allen paid for the drinks on both occasions. When they left the hotel they went towards the park gates. Ephriam Pahnerston, special constable, stated that he was called out by Retchfordabout9p.m. on Friday. Went to the Botanic Park. Saw Stuart, and asked him what had become of the old man. Stuart said he had left Allen near the big gate. Stuart was not drunk. Sent for P.O. Wellington. Stuart said, 'If they do find the old man they will find no marks on him. I defy all the doctors in Ade laide to tell how he came to his death.' Asked him again where Allen was. He replied, ' As true as God is my judge I know nothing about it.' When Wellington arrived handed Stuart over to him. Looked for marks of a scuffle, but found none. Edmund Retchford said, in company with others, he was standing in front of the Hackney Hotel. Heard the cry of 'Murder' and ' Police' proceeding from the 'Botanic Park. About fiveminutes after saw Stuart emergef rom the park, and asked him what was the matter. He said, ' Mind your own business.' He^crossed the bridge, and witness and others followed him. Stuart returned with them, and appeared quite the reverse to wanting to find Allen, and said he had no doubt he had gone home. Went for P.C. Wellington. Stuart did hot seem to be drunk. James Retchford corroborated the evidence of the previous witness. Robert Braithwaite also corroborated, adding that when Stuart was asked Allen's name he gave it as Walker. Witness called and heard several others call for Walker. Helped to search for Allen, and left at about one o'clock on Saturday morning. Before leaving Stuart asked if any one was going through the park lands to Adelaide. Witness said that he was, and Stuart then asked if he could go with him, as he was afraid of the old man's ghost. He said this in a jocular tone. William' Craig, who had been in the com pany of the two Retchf ords and Braithwaite at the Hackney Hotel, corroborated their evi dence. William Vicary, gardener, of Hackney, also gave corroborative evidence. William Warburton said that when he was searching with Stuart and the others for Allen to askecTStuart the name of the man who was calling out 'Murder,' and he replied that his name was Walker. Police-constable Wellington said that he had searched the body of Allen, and found 7s. 9d. in silver, and the balance, lid., in copper; also, a handkerchief and a box of matches. The jury, after about half an hour's retire ment, returned a verdict to the effect that deceased came to his death by suffocation from drowning by falling from the banks of the Tor rens in Botanic Park. They added a rider censuring Robert Stuart for his inhuman con duct to deceased in leaving him after baviag been previously in his company, and praising the conduct of the witnesses in detaining Stuart. ______________ 