I FIRESIDE READINGS., . ' A HYMN TO IRELAND. junb 1885. Ireland I mother of martyrs ! Queen with the thorn crowned head, Robed in the garb of sorrow, mourning thymurdered dead, Lift up thine eyes to tho sunlight where the golden future , gleams In splendor outshining thy patriots' hopes, thy poets' 1 glorious dreams. Tyrants have bound and scourged thee, and drunk thy I children's blood, Till Cine] looked down in pity on thy lonely motherhood : Aud out of the gloom abysmal that wrapt thoo in deepest , night, A power arose to redeem thoe and lead thoe to Freedom's light. What Is this Power immortal that mocks at tho tyrant's !rod. And teaches tho trampled Helot to gaze on the f rico of ;God ? 'Tis' the might of a race united, whom no laws or waves divide, 'Tis the spirit that moved the Greeks of old when the bravo iThree Hundred died. Dark was thy past, .my country.— a story of infinite woe : In yam did thy children's blood and tears in ceasoless tor rents flow ; ' Sarsfield and Hugh and Owen made thy green soil rod in ivain, For; traitors blasted the hopeful crop , that was sown by the crimson rain. Why dwell on the mournful record ? — how Grattan's tongue grew cold — How Emmet perished ere his prime— a tale that has oft been told— How the heart of Tone, with its kingly hopes, broke in the silent gloom j And the dawn of a nation's glory set in the darkness of the tomb ? Thou were stung with asps, my country, and death was thy dismal dower ; . ' ? The orator's voice leaped forth in vain to speak of thy myriad wrongs, Aud the poet could only mourn thy fate in sweet but nerveless songs. Those days are gone forever ! — Rise up ! Thou shall weep no' more: The; people proclaim their freedom from echoing shore to shore : And, as the archangel's trump snail rouse the slumbering dead from their graves, ' A' rnighty voice bids thy sons arise, and be no longer slaves. That voice shall be heard wherever the Irish race is spread : It has power to nerve the living, and almost to quicken the dead ; 'Tis'the breath, of a great evangel — the hymn of a godlike cause, Which claims for men the rights of men, and the togis of righteous laws. As out of the formless chaos the universe arose, As the flower unveils its beauty when the tender buds un '. ? '? close, As the child comes forth from the mother's womb trembl ing -with life new-found, So theiSpirit of Liberty wakes and moves at the breath of Jthat magic sound. The! mystic word- is spoken j and light out of darkness ? springs; Thetpeople rise up, majestic, with more than the might of kings; { And as ghosts fly far from the haunts of men when the dawn illumes the earth, So the minions of power hide their heads in shame at Free ! dom's second birth. Thelword goes forth, like a lightning flash, cleaving the hearts of men, Till the nations, .touched with contagious fire, send the '? echo back again; The) mighty breast of Columbia swells with joy at the glorious tale ; And! France exults, for she knows the cause of the people itiust prevail. Yes 1 the cry of the fetterless people vibrates through the listening world ; . And'lo! the banner of Freedom, o'er the ransomed slaves unfurled, Waves like a scroll where a hand divine hath traced some mystic word ; Andjwe hear once more the thunder-tones that on Sinai of old were heard. We have reached the hour of triumph— the Promised Land is nigh; Thy! guiding star, dear Ireland, shines bright in the Western sky ; The fweb of thy destiny has been woven in Heaven's im mortal loom; And-nevermore need thy children fear the scaffold or the tomb. The 'toiler no longer starves to glut the maw of an alien drone— The Hand belongs to the people — the people claim their own; Beside the peasant's ruined home the figure of Justice stands, And! measures the rights of rich and poor with unimpeded ;? hands. By no alien laws do we claim the right alone that God can give. To make love blossom around our hearths, and in Free dom's light to live, To teach our sons that no lordling's frown can shake the dauntless soul, Audi bid them never to quail or flinchtill they reach the destined goal. All hail to the new Evangel ! All hail to the glorious birth By which our country onco more takes rank with tho nations of the' earth ; Which gives to our people bread, not stones, which teaches them to be free, And'proclaims that man is the peer of man from circling sea io sea. So, Ireland! mother of martyrs! wo kneel at thy sacred feet, Andjswear to live for thy glory, though to die for thee were sweet ; Lift' up thine eyes, undaunted, and gaze upon Freedom's sun, ? For! thy tyrants groan in the throes of death — the battle is fought and won ! 