. MR- LAWES ON N£ GUINEA. For the second time since his arrival in the colony, . last evening tbe Rev. \V. G. Liwes addressed a Sydney audience upon the condition of New Guinea. The former lecture, uelivered under the anspices of the London Missionary Society, described more par ticularly tbe progress of Christianity and the various phases of missionary enterprise amongst the nativt e. Last night, In tbe Protestant Hail, the lecturer dealt with the every-day life of tbe people amongst whom he has lived so long and laboured so successfully. Tbe arrangements for 'the meeting were carried . out by the Young Men's Cbiistian Association. Sir John Hay, President of tbe Legislative Council, occupied tbe chair, supported up. a the platform by Baron Maclay, Mr Chas Campbell, and Mr Ales. Gordon, Ms.L.O., Mr George Withers, and Mr F. Abigail, Ms.L.A , the Revs. J. H. Fletcher, A. W. Murray, W. Pratt, J. Robjohns, WyattGill, Pepper, Hana Mack, Tboa,- Holme, Dr Garran, Captain Eldred, Messrs W. Neill, Littlejoho, W. Russell, D.vid Walker (gen. eec. Y.M.C.A.), Ac. The Rev. W. G. Lawe3 explaining that the name of New Guinea was given to the island by a Spanish captain in 1C55 .becanso of the Bnpposed resem blance of tbe natives to the people of Guinea on the African coast, referred briefly to the grounds npon which the Dntch claim a share in the country. Years ago tbey seemed to have erected a fort which has long since been in rnins, and to havo established a coaling station, and now all that remains as an evidence of Dutch occupation are a series of posts along tbe coast bear ing the Jrms of tbe Netherlands. Tbe natives included a variety of races, some ex ceedingly dark, others inclined to be fair. They were not a particularly tine species of humanity, though the audience mUht picture to themselves men 6ft Din high, arrayed in all tbe eccentric gaiety of savage plumage, with their heads roiled in mud and their teeth dyed red or blue, according to taste. Tbe gentlemen practised tight-lacing, and the women wore a petticoat of grass reaching down to their knees, bat tbey did not indulge in tight-fitting gloves nor high. heeled shoes. Their houses were built on wooden piles, some as much as 20ft above the ground. Where timber was abundant the dwellings were solid and substantial. Tbey generally com prised three storeys— a reception room leading upstairs to an apartment where the fishing nets and the spears were kept, and where the voang people slept, and higher still to a room reserved for.j;ho valuables and closed to all but the head of the family. Mosquitoes were very troublesome in New Guinea. Sydcey mosquitoes were feeble, harmless nmmals compared to them. Some houses were hung with thatch from roof to floor without convenience of windows to afford a safe retreat from these venomous insects. Then there were the tree houses. Some of them were erected as high as 60 feet from the ground nmongBl the boughs of tall tree9. They formed excellent forts in time of war, for a heap of huge stones hurled upon the heads of the eaemy was an effective cannonade, and as these dwellings were ap proached by rickety ladders the inhabitants were eafc from the ever wakefnl ghosts, The ghost has n reputed dislike to tbe climbiog of rickety ladders. A native canoe was a wonderful vessel. There were various kinds of canoes, all adapted cither to sailing or paddling, bnt tbe Now Gninean did not believe in using the naddlca if only he could get a breath of air by waiting for it. A wife in New Guinea was considered a very valuable possession, and so she was bought and sold. Sta was proud, not of the amount of dowry she brongb . to her liUBband, but of the amount her husband had oaid for her. They were betrothed very early in life, and when the marriage took place the parties . most concerned were I ast consulted. Divorce was a very easy matter. The husband had only to say, " What are yon stopping hero for so long ? Why don't yon get off to yonr mother ?" And it took a great deal of food and a great deal of coaxing to bring her back again. In _ one district girls were not paid for as wives, but widows brongbt a very liigb price. Polygomy was practised some times, but it was not general. In the first place, it waa too expensive, and then the first wife often objected. In their home life, particularly in times oi sickness, the people Bhowed a great amount of affection, and when a death occurred, their lamenta tions were actually revolting. They were not lazy. Early in the morning the women went to the springs lor their water. About 8 o'clock, often both men and women went away to work in the gardens, and tliero they stayed nntil 3 or 4 in the afternoon. Tbe cooking all took place in the evening, Their bill of fare was meagre, consisting of bananas, sugar- cane, sago, wallaby, fish, and cocoanut ; and in some places he regretted they bad a weakness for " loog pig," but cannibalism was by no means ccmmon. They had no intoxicantB whatever, but tobacco was used and loved long before the missionaries landed, Indeed the tobacco plant was said to be indigenous. A complete system of barter was carried on by tbe people. Tbe women performed all tbe trading, and large profits and quick returns were their principles of -commerce. In time of war every kind of occupation ceased, and tbe whole populace seemed filled with a spirit of madnesB. Disease in New Guinea was not complex, and as the people believed in witchcraft their ailments were treated by "medicine men," who mattered incantations and sucked pieces of string and all sorts of queer things out of their wounds. Smallpox bad visited the island, and in its -westward sweep had killed the people in thonsands. The people were not so blood-thirsty and erne! as might be supposed, bnt the valne of hnman life was very small, and the sight of blood had, an exciting effect upon them. What is the origin of cannibalism was a donbtfnl question. Some people said that it was an excess of affeocion, others that it arose from an inordinate desire of the women for human flesh. Whilst feasting and dancing tbe people were amnsiag and harmless, bat in a moment tbe social atmosphere might be changed, and whole tribes engaged in war. They had no written record of their history j they were a people without money nnd until recently with no knowledge of the use of metals. They had no dressmakers, no mil liners, no lawyers, no doctors, no grog shops, and no gaois, no policemen, and no magistrates. Withou- trade or profession, tiie men were hunters, fishermeo, and gaideners, as their forefathers had been. They had little regret for the past, and no anxiety for the future. Referring to the action of the English Government the lecturer said that Iib rejoiced that It was " the pro tection" of New Gninea that had been declared. He believed that the English Government would act well by tbe people of tbe country, and he hoped yet to see the bird of paradise hovering over tbe emu and the kangaroo of advanced Australia. They must ever remember that nothing but the Gospe would ruiBe those who bud fallen so low as tbe New Guineans. and under its influence, they might depend open it, tbey would become a united and a free pc ople. Baron Macleay proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer, and the Hon. Alex. Gordon having seconded the reBointion, it was pat to the meeting, and accorded with cheerB. A similar compliment was paid to the chairman, and the proceedings terminated. 