BLOCKADED BY AN ICEBERG. [By Hakhy Bolisgbboke, in Harper's Young People.] The Devil's Bight is a cove on the north eastern coast of Newfoundland. The name may have been changed, but it was very appropriate, the cove being not unlike a great bite out of , the shore -line that presents itself, bold and j rugged, to the billows of the Atlantic. On the | north side of the harbor is a scattered settle- j ment of some twenty-five or thirty small wooden houses,* affording shelter to about a hundred inhabitants, while the rocky landwash ? is covered with 'flakes' and ' stages' — flimsy structures of poles and boughs — for the curing of fish. During the summer occasional connection is naa oy coat witii tne nearest town, ten mues distant, but through the winter months communication by water is cut off, ex cept at rare intervals. Once, however, it was temporarily interrupted as early as September, and that in a remarkable way. A man who happened to be in the bight at the time relates the incident as fol lows : — 'We had been about ten days in Devil's Bight,| in the little schooner Polly, having dis charged our cargo and shipped a freight of fish, oil, and skins, and were only awaiting a favorable wind to take our departure. But i day after day the vane pointed steadily to the j east, with a heavy sea, and almost constant j rain. It was certainly the most dismal time I ] ever spent in my life, there being scarcely any- \ thing to relieve the dreary monotony. The only change I had from our stuffy little cabin was to loaf in 'the store,' or 'shop,' as it is , called — the only one in the place — and listen i to sad stories of the sea ; and never before did I hear so many accounts of shipwreck, death, j and woe. One night, however, something did ! really happen — an apparition came — a great white thing — and filled up the whole mouth of the harbor. 'It looked as if a marble cathedral had drifted away from the Old World and planted , itself in Devil's Bight. There it was, with its spires and towers, buttresses and arches, domes and pinnacles, grander, more magnificent than any edifice on earth ! The very harbor, as if ; awed by its presence, grew calm and tranquil, and the atmosphere _ became so chilled that we were glad to creep into our stoutest clothing. 'What was it? 1 'A visitor from the arctic — an iceberg ! ' ' The loftiest end— the spire of the cathedral, as it were— had entered the cove, the rest of its vast bulk being outside in the ocean. Both wind and tide concurred to bring this wanderer of the north, this tramp of the sea. Icebergs, of course, are net infrequent in this region, but never before was one known to enter the Devil's Bight. ' We are now in a worst predicament than ever, being not only bottled but corked. The berg had grounded, and what could we do? Nothing but wait as patiently as possible and see what would happen next. 'The people crowded the cliffs at the mouth of the harbor, and speculated on the size of the berg, its probable stay, and possible conse quences. Strange to say, it was not a ' sign.' It was too stupendous, too unusual, a phe nomenon to be catalogued with common hap penings. It was too wonderful of itself to mean anything more, for almost everything that occurs down there has some prophetic j meaning for the minds of the superstitious in- ? habitants. ' From one point of view the berg was less : like a cathedral than a rhinoceros — a con siderab e difference, you say — the head and born of the beast being a mere adjunct to the vast mass that lay outside. From the water's edge to the top of the horn may have measured a hundred feet ; but it didn't seem to be more than eight or ten feet under the water, slant ing down at an angle of forty-five degrees, like the stem of a ship, till it joined the main body, which was grounded on a ledge at the mouth of the cove, some forty fathoms beneath the sur face at low tide. Inside the ledge the sound ing was about ninety fathoms, while no plummet, so far as I could ascertain, had ever reached bottom outside. About two hundred feet of the berg was pushed up into the cove. ' Such, then, was our position ; we were blockaded by an iceberg— a blockade which there was not the slightest possibility of ' running.9 So all we could do was to make ourselves as comfortable as possible under the circumstances and await the issue of events. ' Every dajr we made excursions to the Devil's Toothpick — a steep hill at the mouth of the cove— to survey the berg. We discussed it around the rusty stove in 'the shop,' where the sage of the bight, Uncle Dave Andrews, gave it as his opinion that she was a visitation from the Lord, and that the Lord would remove her when He saw fit, which, if not encouraging was certainly beyond dispute. ' So the time dragged along till one day the wind veered round to the south-west, the skies cleared, and the thermometer ran up among the seventies. This gave us hope. At all events the prospect looked more cheerful. The berg didn't seem nearly as formidable, and from the way the water poured from it in rills and cascades it must soon lighten and slide off the ledge back into the deep. Even Uncle Dave thought this possible. ' One mild moonlight evening half a dozen of us were lounging on the rocks in front of 'the store,' smoking and spinning yarns. There was scarce a ripple on the surface of the harbor. The little fleet of fishing-boats lay tranquilly at their mooring, and beyond them the Polly, 'as idle as a painted ship upon a painted ocean.' Away to the left, at the mouth of the cove, gleamed the great berg, more weird and spectral by moonlight than by day. On shore children were chasing each other over the rocks like goats, and occasionally some irerry maiden's laugh came ringing in our ears. It was an evening never to be forgotten — one to recompense us in a measure for the dismal days we had been so long en during. 'No, I shall certainly never forget that evening. It was about 9 o'clock. Uncle Dave had finished his third pipe and his favorite ghost story, and some of us were beginning to yawn_, when suddenly there came a noise like the discharge of a cannon, followed by a roar like thunder. 'We sprang to our feet. It seemed as if the world was coming to an end. The cove appeared to turn upside down. The Polly and the fishing fleet vanished, and rapidly up toward us came a raging, hissing billow. We turned and fled headlong. Far beyond where we had been seated the crest of the wave followed us, and then it fell back roaring and thundering in a thousand cataracts. ' We looked down into the harbor in terror and amazement. Not a flake or stage was left. The whole cove, covered with tossing,{tum'bling wreckage, looked like a great caldron of boil ing milk. ' Casting our eyes in the direction of the berg, we could distinctly see that a great change had taken place in its shape. The spire had disappeared. It had foundered, plunged into the water, and was now slowly rising out of the waves like some mighty spectre of the deep. 'Never in the most violent tempest had I f een such a water commotion or more destruc 1 ive waves than washed the sides of the cove. Of the flakes and stages not ar stick was left standing, while many of the fishing-boats were stranded high if not dry among the rocks. Luckily we were all ashore, and whatever had become of the Polly none of her crew shared her fate. As the roaring of the waves subsided the screams of women and shouts of men became audible. The whole population seemed to have gone frantic with fright. For tunately their dwellings were uninjured, but all their fishing property and appliances, together with a large quantity of fish and oil, were swept entirely away. ' No one slept a wink that night. It was supposed many lives were lost, but it was not till late next day it became known that only an old man and two boys were missing. They had probably been down among the stages at the time of the catastrophe, which, if it had taken place an hour earlier, would have been much more fatal. ' All night the great block of ice kept rising and sinking, rolling and plunging, like a thing of life, the water pouring in cataracts from its sides. Toward morning the tide ebbed, and the wind freshened to a gale. ' About four o'clock in the afternoon it was noticed that the berg outside the cove was be ginning to move away, and in a brief time its nearest spur was at least a gunshot from land. Evidently it was in the grip of a strong under tow, for the wind has little or no effect on those vast masses of ice, of which nine-tenths of the bulk is under water. 'Slowly, majestically, the mighty island floated out to sea, and at sunset it lay off the shore at least a niile, a superb object, rosy white on the deep blue ocean. By daylight next morning it was just visible on the south east horizon. ' Returning to our portion of the berg, two days passed before it ceased to roll, when it began slowly to move toward the ocean. Its shape had entirely changed, and instead of resembling either the spire of a cathedral or the born of a rhinoceros, it bore a rude likeness to a lounge or sofa. ' Finally we found the Polly safely beached in a sandy cove near by. It took three days to waip her out and pnt her in repair, and then we set sail, and were the first to inform the world of the extraordinary disaster that had befallen Devil's Bight. This was the first time I ever heard of an iceberg blockading a port, an j when it happens again I'll be content not to be there to see it.' 