Love and Madness. About the year 1780, a youpg East Indian whose name was Dupree, left his Fatherland to visit & distant relation, a merchant on Fish-street Hill, During the young' man's slay, he was waited on by the ser vant of the house, a country-girl, Rebecca Griffiths, chiefly remark able for the plainness of her person, and the quiet meekness of her, man ners, The circuit of pleasure run, and yearning again for home, the visitor at length prepared for his departure, the chaise came to the door, and shaking of hands, with tender salutations, adieus, anci fare wells, followed in the usualjabund ance. Rebecca in whom an extra ordinary depression had for some days previously -been perceived, was in attendance to pack the lug gage. The leave-taking of friends and relations at length/ completed, with a guinea squeezed into his humble attendant's hand, and a brief " God bless you,Rebecca H the young man sprang into the chaise, the driver smacked Ms whip, and the vehicle was rolling rapidly, out of sight, when a piercing shriek from Rebecca, who had stood to all appearance vacantly gazing-otf what had passed, alarmed the fa mily, then retiring into the house. They hastily tinned round; to their infinite surprise, Rebecca was seen wildly following the chaise. She1 was rushing with extraordinary velocity- along the middle of the road, heir hair streaming in -the wind, and her Whole app< * that of a desperate' maniac! persons were immediately patched after her, but she was not secured Jill she had gained the Borough; when, she was1 taken iha state of incurable madness to Beth lem Hospital, where she some years: after died. The guinea he t had given hfer—her richest treasure— her only w^alth^—she never suffered during life/to jquit her hahdi Bhe grasped it fetili more firmly in her dyingmoments,and at herrequest, in the lasfc gleam of retuiping rea son—the lightning before death-?—it Was buried wHh her. Therp was a,j tradition irf/ Bedlam. that. throhgh;. the heartless' cupidity of the keeper,; it was sacrilegiously wrenched from" her, and that her ghost might be seen every night, gliding through the dreary ceBs of that melancholy building, in search of her Idlers gift, - and mournfully asking. the glaring, maniacs for her lost guinea It was Mr. Dupree's only con solation, after her death,'tnat the excessive homeliness of her person, and her retiring air and manners, had' never even suffered 'him to indulge-in the most trifling, freedom with her.' She had loved hopelessly, and paid the forfeiture, with, sense and life. '- ,,'f .✓ | f 