THE TRAVELLER. A RUN ROUND SPAIN-NO. III. As regards the drama, tlie Spanish people may he said to ho enthusiastic, and the scenic nccoiupanhncnts of their plays are nil creditably constructed Whether it ho n coin cidence or not, I mil not prepared to say, hut although I visited the theatre with my hosts in every town through which I passed, I hardly ever missed representatives of religious orders put on the stage to bo travestied and laughed at. Now it was a Jrailc (friar), then a monje (monk), a monja (nun), or a sacerdoic (priest), but in every instance with the same uniform ob ject in view. In this respect a straw may de note how the ecclesiastical wind blows. The boxes in many theatres are devoted to family gatherings, which quietly and without the least sign of noise or rudeness, such as too often disgrace British resorts of the same description, enjoy the play and each other's society. The intervals between the acts are spent by families in visiting each other in their respcclives boxes. Not unfrequently gentlemen in these sections of the house are known to the actors, and they are freely admitted behind the scenes while tlio playwright is at work for the next pavt of the drama. It was my privilege, under such con ditions, to be admitted for the first and proba bly the last timo of my life behind the scenes. But one looks in vain for green room orgies such as are too often bruited in Great Britain, mid Mr. Burnand in his recent paper on the subject lias notspared the temptations to wliich actresses and actors alike are said to bo exposed in an English theatre. I can honestly bear witness, however, to' the ' perfect decorum observable behind the scenes bf the Spanish theatres it . has been my lot to inspect. I saw the ghost that was due in the next act smoking a peace ful cigar while meditating the part he was to play, and a lady who was to surmount a tomb- stono as a carved marble monument was en gaged in testing the safety of the structure. Other almost silent rehearsals were in progress, and the effect of this deshabille was to impress the beholder with the manifestation, of genuine modesty in both sexes among tho actors. Although previously familiar with life in the Eastern and Wcstcrnheuiisphcres before travel ling in Spain, my national pride as a British subject was never before eo abruptly bumbled as by the polite remark of the mother of u family to whom, with her husband and chil- dren, I was introduced by my Spanish host in one of the boxes of the theatre. Este caballcro, said the kind Spanish friend at whose house I was part of the timo entertained, cs dc Inglatcrra. Habla mi amigo Espanol no con mucha prestesa pcro lo escribe como a Madrid. '< Tliis gentlemen is from Englaud. My friend does not talk Spanish very quickly, but he writes it as they do at Madrid." On hearing this nnaffected statement I naturally felt highly complimented. But tho hauteur wliich centres around the civis Eomauus sum was doomed to a speedy collapse. The lady with faultless politeness replied, but with a sup pressed smile, " Inglatcrra cs un pais solamcnle dc gran imporlancta para industria, pero It? mancra dc la poblacion dc esa cs brutal. El it ombre dc Inglatcrra cs Juan ToroJ" "Eng land is only an important country for industry, hutits manners are brutal. The name of England is John Bull." The graceful way in which these words were uttered reminded one of the mode in which an eighteenth century beau of society was once kicked down stairs. The operation was performed so politely as to con vey the impression to tho victim of the outrage "that he was being banded up instead. It must be confessed that the vast bulk of citi zens in Spanish towns, not only thelaudod classes, hut tradespeople and workingmen, are eminently courteous and obliging. Tho rougher types of English character are entirely absent both from urban and rural districts. The typical Hodge is unknown. Tho Spanish farm laborer would rather die than pull -his hair over his forehead in doing obeisanco to tho squire. Although the country abounds in Hidalgos, Hons, Ducos and other social dignitaries, the English squire, who feels outraged if form laborers and their families do not how and doff their head gear to him, has no counterpart in Spain. The people as a rule ore so polite to each other in the same sphere of life, that they never dream of keeping A -reserve supply of outward respect for those socially superior to them. The British Phi- listiue -. who has emerged from a cellar. luckily drifts into wealth, swallows his h's, expands with vulgar conceit, and claims the right to tyrannise over oil in less fortunate circumstances than himself, has no fac simile iir Spain. Even brigands are not without gen tlemanly characteristics, and if they found it desirable to take your mouey, and afterwards your life, they would relieve yon of both with sqpli a perfection of refinement as to reduce tho inconvcnicnco which might be experienced from their operations to the smallest minimum. Drunkenness is quite exceptional. Larrikiuism Spanish communities aro totally ignorant of. Sometimes n real or supposed wrong is nvcngcil by tho stiletto, but tho weapon is applied with quiotness, grace and precision, removing the operator above nil suspicion or rudeness. Every man, whether rich or poor, who enters n public room, an omnibus, or a traracar in Spain lifts his hat both when entering and leaving, although lie may bo an' utter stranger to cvciy one pre sent. There is no boisterous speech or coarse do- monstrativenoss. "If a prince addresses a beggar he calls him Us ted, "Your Worship." If on employer of labor writes to his apprentice ho \- Concludes his letter with tho words Quedo svgo afeclisimo scrvidor g (Q.B.S.M.) Que Dcso Sus Manos. " I remain your most affectionate servant who kisses your hand." If ouly a com mon business letter is addressed to a lady it opens with tho salutation Mug Scnora mia y dc mi aprccio, which is equivalent lo " My dear lady whom I appreciate," and to the ordinary closing formality. Svi/o a ffcclisimo scrvidor, lie adds (Q. B.S.P.), Que Bcso sus Bics, " I kiss your feet." A realistic German commercial traveller who arrived iu Barcelona a short timo before my visit, was introduced by one of liis own countrymen to a hardware mer chant in tho city, and wiih his accustomed urbanity towards strangers the Spaniard greeted him with the following salutation : — Mc agra- dczco mucho, Scnor, ver d V. esta s« casa cs d su cnteradisposicion, "Inm greatly delighted to sco you, sir, aud this your bouse is entirely at your disposal." The German attached to the phraseology a bovine litorality of which be must aflerwanls bavo been ashamed. Ho chose to understand the owner of tlio Almaccn dc quincallaria as presenting him with a cordial invitation to help himself to whatever article may 6triko liis fancy in the shop ! Accordingly ho bowed, and at ouce appropriated a penknife, which, however. El Scnor soon informed liim could only be bad by paving for it. Bightly or wrongly, a gallant Spaniard, who enjoys a fair share of Arnoldiau " Sweetuess and Liglit," looks upon British attempts at a refined and courteous bearing out side the old aristocratic and well-bred, cultivated society of tho middle classes as intolerably rawboncd and brusque. He thinks refinement on the averago Briton sits ungracefully. It is quite probable, however, that if ho were to pay a visit to Australia, and mingle in the society of our accomplished legislators, magistrates, nwycrs and wealthy owners of cattlo runs and other valuable properties, whose passion for icsthcticism and , finesse may possibly be over done, liis estimate of British delicacy of mind and thoughtful consideration for the feelings and iuterests of others might undergo a change for the better. I fear it would greatly shock our excellent hut rigid Sabbatarian friends to see how little distinction is mado by many shopkeepers behvoen Sunday and oilier days in Spain. Not only in Barcelona, bnt in many other towns visited by me in the Peninsula, not a few al- macencs were in full swing, the employes being busily and, as far as I could judge cheerfully occupied up to about two o'clock p.m. Tho Sabbatic custom I liavo observed in Franco, Belgium and Germany is that of abstinence from labor, and, iu many cases, from pleasure until noon. But in Spain business is actively carried on until the timo mentioned, aud then the respite, instead of being spent in church exercises, is usually devoted to visiting and theatre going and other forms of recreation; but whether the choice lies in the one direction or iu theother tlio faintestapproacbte rowdyism is conspicuous by itsabscnce. The theatres on Sunday evening are crowded, and the churches, with rare exceptions, aro comparatively empty. It shows what feeliug the masses bear to the priests that after Isabella's withdrawal from the throne, and even during tho reign of Don Ainadeo, they could only protect themselves from violence by cultivating a beard and wear ing civilian attire for the purpose of disguising their official personality. Public sentiment vras somewhat less bitter against them in some of tho other towns in my route; but as they were always on the watch for polite salutations from their votaries, who were ex pected to tonch the hat to them, I have occa sionally seen frolicsome young men take ad vantage of sacerdotal wishes and hopes iu this respect, and deliberately raiso their hands to their heads to encourage an approaching priest to look for recognition, and liaving succeeded by their actions in inducing the priest to touch bis hat, while failing after all to touch theirs, they might be heard indulging iu a chuckle over the disappointment aud insult tlicy had caused him. Indeed this was almost the only manifestation of rudeness I ever witnessed in Spain. Sunday excursions are common to the fine abbey ruin of Bipoll and to Sau Culgct del Yallis, near Sardanola. A brief railway jour ney conveys passengers from tho end of La Bontbla to Sorria, a village stauding at the base of tho hills, and surrounded by Brobdignagian pepper trees. Beautiful slopes, profusely stnddcd with villa residences, owned by rich merchants and manufacturers of Barcelona, are reached by a shady lane arched by gigantic aloes, and in the vicinity is to be seen the shat tered monastery of Pedrallcs, which is srroatlv admired by lovers of ecclesiastical architecture. But my own stops, in company with a foreign consul and bis family, were directed one Sunday during my stay to the lovely mountainous spot called Olcsa. After enjoying ourselves near a conventual establishment tlicro until dusk, we nil proceeded to tho railway train, which was waiting to carry us homewards. Wo had not been long in the carriages when twenty-five brigands, equipped as Carlisfs,- mado a raid upon the train, passed through tho carriages, and at the point of the bayonet demanded our money or our lives. Fortunately I had left most of my valuables, including watch and chain, at my hotel, and I took the' precaution to carry only a triflo of loose cash in my purse. Bnt what monoy I possessed had to be surren dered. Tho foreign consnl anil his wife were compelled to part with their gold watches and chains ; and property belonging to tho rest of tho passengers was demandod in the saino manner. It was not an agreeable ending to the day's pleasure ; but I believo that hrigandago has been very materially dimi nished of late years under the rule of Don Alfonso. Lot us hopo that it may soon dis appear for ever. With refcrenco to politics tho great bulk of master manufacturers, tradespeople aud mer chants in Spain' aro nothingarians ; being chiefly on tho side of tho Government that succeeds in securing for them tho longest, period of internal peace. Thus far King Alfonso apparently has the support for the present of theso classes, iu com mon with landed and other oxtensivo propertied circles. Bnt Barcelona, Cartagena and the Basque provinces remaiu as over, hotbeds of extremo republican and socialistic theories ; and their smouldering fires aro every ready to break forth on the smallest provocation. Tho great hulk of the community, if secretly in terrogated, do uot care two straws whether Canovas, Castclar, or Zorilla is in power, so long as the taxes imposed aro not felt to he oppressive, and internal quiet is assured ; for thoy iuwardly regard all political parties alike, as packs of hungry office seekers, supremely bent upon appropriating spoils. From the highest functionaries iu tho various Customs departments down to the lowest grade of tide- waiter i greatly fear they cannot as a rule bo exempt from tho snspicion of being amen able to "palm oil." Coses bavo not been wanting at certain ports, where, on the arrival of heavy packages, consigned to certain local firms Custom IIouso officials have bad tlio effontcry to go to the importers and make a secret offer on tlicir own behalf to pass their goods, contrary to law, at a reduced rate of tariff. To facilitate llic passage of their imports through the Customs, not a few large business houses bargain with these cormorants for a liberal douceur, without arranging which it would be impossible for thera to have their goods landed without interminable trouble and serious expense. The Spanish tariff is excep tionally complicated, and as weight iu kilo grammes has to be minutely calculated on cacli package, aud tho slightest discrepancy or error between tho weight as contained in the written Customs declaration and as checked by the Custom House officers is snbject to fines, which are equally divided between the officials and the Government, the temptations offered to chicanery on tho part of tho fonncr will be seen to be enormous. This svstein, so prolific of vexation to merchants and trades men, is dovised for the express purposo of supplying a motive to keen oversight by the officials and of assisting in eking out the starva tion allowance meted out to them. Large quanti ties of tobacco arc often seized on the slightest pretext and sold for the benefit of these ill-paid and designing hirelings. Is it any wonder that countries whose fiscal policy is administered in this fashion cannot pay their public creditors ? Such, unquestionably, is the unhappy condition of Spain as truly as of Turkey, Peru, Honduras, Venezuela, Guatemala, Costa Bica and Mexico. After the experience of Spanish mercantile law which British friends of my own have experi enced iu Barcelona, he would be a bold man who was prepared to viudicalc the judicial beuch of Spain against the possibility of ob structing the course of justice bvthc acceptance of bribes. There is a rude consistency observable in tbc attitude of Ihj? working classes towards labor saving machinery, although capital ultimately succeeds in triumphing over labor in their tem porary conflicts. Scarcely has a single device been introduced to abridge mannal exertion, and consequently to reduce tho wages of the Spanish artisan, that has not suffered violent opposition. A firm known to mc in Barcelona attempted to introduco .a palonted method of manufacturing casks by machinery, and the plant soon became a prey to trades union icouoclasm. Similar occurrences have come under my notice at Tarragona, .' .lmclin, Ma laga and Jcros. Tho work people of no nation on earth are more sternly jealous of their alleged rights than Spaniards. What will be tlie upshot of tbc hidden, hut active, social and political forces at present simmering in the pe ninsula it is difficult to predict. But of one tiling I am certain — latent germs of revolution still exist, awailiug only the fitting occasion that is to call them forth.- If Spain did not abound in wealth ; if the rank and file of tho population were not as n whole removed infinitely farther from the risk of want than the -masses in England and France, tho red cap of ultra republicanism wonld unquestionably be elevated to-morrow. But the efficient preven tive of insurrection is an adequate supply of all that makes for social contentment. So simple and easy-lieartcd aro tho habits of tho people, so superabundant and low priced arc articles of diet, clothing and means of shelter, and so genial, for the most pari, is the climate, that the means of living need cost poor families of moderate thrift no anxiety. As an intelli gent native merchant by whom I was enter tained strikingly remarked : — "Our curse is the richness of our country. Ail rich countries have bud Governments, and all those less favored in soil and located in cold climates have good Governments. Our people cuu nil livo with hardly any labor. But if nny considerable num ber of us were constantly hovcriug, as is the enso with the poor o( Northern Europe, on the brink of starvation, wo should soon combine and set our corrupt Government iu every department promptly to rights." 1 cannot doubt that my Spauisli friend hero touched the root of tho evil. May not this suggest a rock ahead in the future of Australia? It has very much in the Southern Hemisphere the latitiulo and climate or Spain in tlio Northern Hemisphere. No lack of public vigilance upon Government administra tion is likoly to be chargeable upon tho first, and pcrliai>s not upon tho second generation of Australian colonists. But having so much in tlio features just mentioned iu common with the countries of South Europe, wliich one by one liavo experienced dccadonco in moral stamina, iutcllcctnai vigor and cuterpriso under tlio soporific influence of a voluptuous life, it behoves those especially to whose hands aro committed tlio instruction of our youth to sound a timely note of warning. 