M r B i r d , a t C t e e r e s ** T o w n . ^FBOU OUB SPECIAL COBBEBPONDBKT.] On Saturday evening upwards of a hundred of the electors aud residents of Geeves Town and neighborhood assembled in the Town Hall to listen to an address from their representative. Several of the electors residing a t Franklin were also present. Mr John Geeves, one ot tbe six who bad signed tbe notorious telegram, was voted to tbe chair. Ho said be was quite t th at tlie audience would give him trouble, b ut that, according to th e ir_ varying custom, would give Mr Bird or any other speaker a fair and attentive hearing. He was sure that such meetings as this would do good in the district. He then called on the member to address them. 3dr Bird, who on rising was received with cheers, said that he was pleased to meet th e electors of Geeves Town again, for he was sure that the fullest and freest intercourse and interchange of opinion between a member of Parliament and his constitutents was beneficial alike to tbe member and tbs district. He said they bad had something very like a storm in a tea-cup lately, tho sound of which had gone for beyond tbe boundaries of their own district. He would now make ’ear to them how this storm had arisen. I t had been felt by himself and several other members of Parliament th at the financial measures of the Government required fuller and more careful examination than they had yet received, and it had been agreed between himself and several other members that some motion should be brought forward which would open up the whole question. Tbe motion had been tabled by him, as he believed, in accordance with arrangement, but as he had elsewhere explained, when he found th at he had misunderstood the time a t which it had been determined to bring it forward, and was advised by those who were prepared to support such a motion a t a later period not to proceed with •it then, he very properly declined to go on with it. In tbe flutter of excitement and annoyance a t such a notice being tabled, the Treasurer, Mr Burgess, had thought fit to telegraph to Mr O. Geeves, asking the opinion of the electors os to bis action, gentlemen sent a reply, which JBargess 1 landed to tbe Hobart morning paper for publication. He complained, as be had a right to do, of such conduct, and he would tell them this, that ho had never heard of any men who Rad justified or approved of the action of the Treasurer. No section of the Vcese had approved i t : but everywhere, and on, hands, whenever it had been referred to the Press or in conversation, it bad been Bwccpingly condemned. Nor had he yet met with one who justified the action of those six electors who sent the telegram to Mr Burgess. If six or sixty electors had sent a telegram to him (Mr Bird) unsolicited by the Treasurer, expressing disapproval of any of bit conduct, he would have thought it only rig h t; for he was always ready and glad toJea-m the views of his consti'i-Jenis in a fair and open way g&rdiughtedoiugsibutwhat; he complained iu this case was that those six electors sent to M r Burgess, and through him to tbe paper referred to, a telegram condemning his persistent opposition to the Ministry, “ bile to him (Mr Jiird) they did nob send ren a copy of the telegram, but another simply saying that they disapproved of his motion. The information that bis persistent opposition was disapproved took him veiy much by surprise, because he had been in Opposition so long; and though whole of the electors knew that, yet they had on several occasions, and so late as June last, in public meetings through the district, passed votes of confidence in him. He had, therefore, felt it right to all a meeting of the electors a t Franklin, specially inviting the six dissatisfied lectors to come and show wherein his persistent opposition had harmed the district. Although two of the six were at the Franklin meeting, and although I-lr 0. Geeves had w ritten a long letter about the busiss, yet not one of them had to this day any way shown that his opposition had done harm to the district. He still challenged any of them to show i t ; he challenged any elector in the whole district to show him wherein his opposition to Ministers had harmed the district, or to *how him any one thing in which ho had opposed Ministers wherein ho ought to iave supported them ; and until that was hown to him ho would feel that the statemeet made by the six in the telegram to Mr Burgess was unjustifiable, and that up till then be had not by any opposition to ; Ministers forfeited the confidence of tho electors. (Loud cheers.) He was i\ot "olng to refer to ail the questions ou which he had opposed Ministers. He left that * for those (if there were any) to do who were dissatisfied with his opposition; but there was one thing he would tell them that they would thank him, as one of tbe Opposition, for:—The franchise had lately been extended, so that every man who earns XdO a yvar will be entitled to vote for a member of the House of Assembly. The Government proposal was to limit the franchise to AsO a year wages, so every man—and there would be numbers of them in this district—who was receiving le< 3 than £80, but up to £G0 a year in ivages, will owe to the Opposition that he has a vote at all. (Cheers.) Well, at the Franklin meeting he went over several of the reasons foropiJOslng.Ministers, and among the man>j he gave which had caused considerable stir. had stated there, and also in a letter i____ Me cu, y, that the Government were repu- Hating certain obligations with regard to £50.000 of Treasury Bills. Much to his tstonishment ho found the Attorney- General came down to the Ho.uso in a state iif intense excitement, aud propose that a Select Committee be appointed to enquire tnto the truth or otherwise of this particular charge about the Treasury Bills. So confident bad he been that he was right in the charge he made that he was utterly taken by sunrise to find the Attorney- ■J^neral taking the course he d id ; and not having by him the financial and other papers from which he Jjad gathered, as he relieved, tbe information in support of the :barge, lie was not prepared, on the spur of the moment, iu the midst of au excited And angry debate, to get up and say whether be was still sura he wus right, whether be was wrong. He bad ■asked th at tbe matter might be deferred for a day, so that he might thoroughly satisfy himself; but nettled by his opposition, the Attorney-General determined to administer such a castigation and tirade of abuse aa be knows so well how to do, and then after having exhausted himself offered to give the member far Franklin time if he still wished it. He (Mr Bird) was thou disinclined to take any favor from him, tfter he had so ungenerously refused it until he had poured out his torrent of ibusc, aud so determined ou taking his own •^arae of examining tbe papers quietly. Oa doing this lu jscquentiy he had digcovered wherein he bod been in error, and without delay, communicated his acknowledgment of tho error to the Attorney- 7 ’neral, and through him to Parliament {Q ieffjs.) A section of the Press had blamed ni n for not acknowledging the errorsooner He could only 6ay that he had acknowledged it as booa as be was convinced of it and saw how the mistake had arisen, and he did j- ~~ 1rthat he could have done other than (Cheers.) He did not know if they raid the Hobart weekly paper. (A laugh.) He very seldom looked at it, but he had seen some tilings only that day in the preweek g fee Li c which were rare speci . . °* what a small-souled and meanspirited writer could do in criticising public m ens actions. In writing of tb«- oumshmont adminiitored by the Attorney- General on Mr Bird, tho writer said, « And how did Mr Bird take his punishment r instead of undertaking to substantiate the toul charge he had brought-againstthe Government, the Parliament, and the couutiy" a (very truthful writer this, who elsewhere tells him—Mr Bird—not to bear false witness against his neighbor, and yet here say* that be had brought a joint charge against Parliament and tbe country, when he had done no such thing, as the careless writer very well knew, for tbe charge was only against the Government) ; instead of substantiating the charge this small-minded proceeds, “ or in a manly way acknowledgng his error and withdrawing it, he crouched into a cotnor when ho could t ot be seen by the oooupaute of th e, Frias eUerj, and pitifully asked for tim e/ (Loud Laughter.) TYhat did this particula.r occupant of the Press gallery think °v ^ a t he should imagine him afraid to look him in the face? The miserable meanness of tbe words referred to lay an tbe fact th a t he (Mr Bird) was sitting a t the time in his usual seat, where be . had sat all last session and the greater part of this, and when ho bod been sitting continually for days, if not weeks, before the particular occasion in question. H e feared the face of no man, and oertainly not the face of such a paltry critic as this. (Applause.) T hu occupant of th e Press gallery had subsequently thought fit to a n te it Appear th at tbe vote of confidence a t Franklin was based altogether on th e , electors’ belief ot the statement th at he )iad made .about the Treasury BUI, and th a t if his (Mr‘Bird’s) regret tor the error were genuine, he ought to call another meeting Of tho Franklin of reversing their vote. Well, it happens th at the electors did. not give their .vote solely on the ground of that charger b ut on tbe ground of several, that being ineluded. However, he was here to-night before a large number of tbe electors of the Franklin district, ready to meet them, as he always would be, and quite surokhat after hearing all he said they would signify their continued confidence in him. <Applause.) Although Mr Dodds h a d . said th a t after the thrashing he cave him he would not dare to face his constituents a^am, he was here now, and he had arranged to go to Rspcrance next week, and to Hastings, Southport, and probably Jtacberche, shortly after. And he was ready to go to Pranlrlin again if theywanted hue tlioro. Ho would tell them what he would do. Six electors had already been enough to make a big stir. And hevrould say th at if any six of those who a t Franklin a few days ago gave their vote of confidence ia him, wished to reverse that vote,, becausecf anything th at has happened since to shake tlieir confidence, and; if <they A meetJng for the purpose ot affording them the opportunity, he was their man. He would be there (Applause.) If any three of them wished to take such a courae, he would meet them . T hat was fair ehough, was It not?" lA p- plause.) He referred to rumors of > candidate being brought out to oppose him at the n e rt election. Hs said that as Mr Burgess had probably discovered by1this tim e that bis recent intermeddling with the Franklin district had destroyed whatever ghost of a chance ho m ight have bod of securing a seal for Fraulclin, endeavors were being made to get out another man. B e had heard th at Mr Graves, of Southport, bad been asked, aud th at Mr John Hay, of Lady Bay, had been tried. He had it on the befit authority that neither of those 'gentlemen would .come forward. He had heard too th a t Mr O. Geeves bad been asked. He did not think, he would; but he (Mr Bird) hoped he would if bo felt a t all inclined th at way. He and M r Geeves would have a free fair fight, and when it was all over, end be was the member for Franklin still, as he had no doubt be would be (cheers), he and Mr Geeves would shake hands as they had done since their recent fight, and be u good'frienda as ever. (lo u d cheers.) He thanked them for the patient and attentive hearing they had given him , and after expressing his readiness to answer any enquiries, sat down amid loud applause. . After several questions were p u t to him, which were evidently answered to tbeaatisfaction of tbe audience, Mr G. Bennett proposed, and M r Ford seconded, a Yota of thanks to Mr Bird, and of confidenoe in him as their representative, which was put and carried unanimously. Mr Bird thanked tbe electors for their renewed cxpresBionof confidence in him, and after staling his assurance th at not only the present electors but a large num ber to be enfranchised before the next election, would vote for him, and return him as their member again. Ho moved a vote of ibanke the chairman, who, though one the six, he was quite sure had nothing b ut the kindest feeling towards liim. On tbe motion bein<r put it „ carried by acclamation; and Mr Geeves in replying said he was heartily glad he had been one of the sir, for w fiai they had dope had provided more fun in connection * ith their political life to tho district than thoy had had tor many ycara, (Great laughter.) Tlie meeting. Ih ich bad been a moat satUfactoty one both to tho member and tbe electors, then broke u p ; and sundry stuteiyenis heard outside afterwards indicated that M r Hird’a position as the future member for tbe drs* trict ia more secure than ever. 