'Social Purity Society. A meeting of the members of the Social Purity Society was held at the Young Men's Christian Association Hall on Monday after noon, September 7. There were about 100 ladies present. The Rev. .J. U. Woods, B.A., occupied the chair, and there were also on the platform His Lordship Dr. Kenmcn, and a number of well-known clergymen of various denominations. After devotional exercises by the Rev. Silas Mead The Rev. J. C. Kirby read the annual report, which was as followsIn placing before you the report of the Ladies Social Purity Society for the year just closed, i have but a record of slow, patient, persistent, quiet effort—of struggles with ignorance, and con tests with prejudice, but withal of a fair measure of progress and sufficient success to encourage renewed attempts. Events 111 England have lately roused the attention of the masses to this subject. A mighty wave of indig nant pity for the wrongs and humiliations inflicted on our sex has swept across the old countrv and surged to our shores, stirring the hearts of our people in sympathy for England, and anxiety for ourselves. It is known to most of you that a Bill was last session intro duced into our Parliament for the better pro tection of our young women. It_ was sup ported bv nuuierously-signed petitions from both the" male and female branches _ of this society, the women's signatures obtained by the ladies of the Social P maty Society number ing between six and seven thousand. With some alterations and amendments this Bill is again before our Parliament this session, and wehavereasonable hope that it will shortly have tlie sanction of our legislators. if so it will give us powers which must be used with grave discretion, but which can in no way supersede orcontravene the work of this society. During the past year the meetings of the com mittee have, with the exception of a short summer recess, been continued regularly once a month in the Church Office, Leigh-street, and in view of awakening greater vigilance in the mothers of the working classes, and promoting lrindly co-operation, with the aims of this society, large meetings of the_ mothers have been field in tlie Mission Hall with satisfactory results. Drawing-room meetings or mixed classes have been held at the residences of several members of the committee, and have been, we hope, useful in aduqating public senti ment and uniting and directing public effort m the cause of a higher_ morale in the home, and a closer guardianship of the young, which is greatly needed. We have had some corres pondence on the subject of our work with the other colonies, notably Tasmania and New Zea land, who are watching the progress of our Bill, and preparing to follow our leiding gene rally in this work. We have distributed a considerableamountof literature onthissubject, carefully selected by the Rev. J. C. Kirby, and we continue to enrol members who will influence others, and to invite membership - wherever possible, the subscription being merely nominal, only 2s. Gd. per annum, winch is chiefly up to the present expended in the literature referred to. After our Bill the pro minent need of the moment appears to be the completion of the refuge, the plans for which have already been submitted to and approved by the refuge committee. In immediate ad dition we need a small central house of rest as a feeder to the older establishment. And now we wait;, though not with folded hands, the results of our petition—the fate of our Bill. The Hon. John Colton has persistently befriended it since its birth ; he has stood by its cradle, watched its growth, and will we trust shortly give it away, the bride of hope— of the hope of a nobler, purer lite, and the pledge of a new era of prosperity for our down cast colony." Bishop Kexxtox, in moving the adoption of the report, said the subject of social purity was one thatrequired most careful treatment, because the more knowledge they propagated regard ing the best remedies for the evil, so much the more danger was there of propagating a know ledge of the evil itself. That this was the case was borne out by what fcliat excellent lady Miss Ellice Hopkins had said in reference to a publication which was now obtaining a circula tion of some sixty or seventy thousand copies, and which had undertaken to write down vice, and on that account could not be touched by the law. It was spreading the knowledge of the vice it had undertaken to write down^ and was ea°erly read by those whose sole desire was to gloat over its horrible details. As of course they were all aware the English nation had been stirred to its depths by the report of the secret commission organised by the Pail Midi Gazette. He said, all honor to them for the brave undertaking they had embarked upon, and which they had so successfully carried out. Though there was a very strong feeling against them at first for publishing the revolt ing details contained in the report, and though the very sale of the paper was prohibited in most of the booksellers shops, yet now that its statements were proved to be correct, and that the vices it depicted clearly did exist, the heart of every one who knew anything about tlie matter had been racked to its greatest depth upon learning of the horrible crimes which were daily and nightly being perpe tiated in England, and doubtless in many other countries as well. Miss Ellice Hopkins, who had done so much good in her time, had had the courage to come forward and speak boldly upon this terrible subject, and had forcibly brought before her hearers how horrible - was the contaminating influence of that vice which was spreading yearly with fearful rapidity in our midst. He was indebted to this lady for send ing him the dreadful accounts published m the Pall Mall Gazette, but he was not going to harrow their feelings by mentioning any of those details which the Gazette in its wisdom had seen fit to publish. He would content himself with saying that it appeared that every year children of tender age were being made ministers to the sin of those whose vices were so fearful. The chaplain of one of the largest military Lock hospitals, who had been absent from England for about twelve years, said that "when lis left Ports mouth twelve years ago the hospital filled with women, but that upon his return he found it filled with children. It was perfectly awful to realise that quite little children were being taken away, very often unknown to their parents, and certainly without knowing what they were doing, and carried o£ to abodes of vice. This was the state of things which had been brought to light in England. What did it reveal 1 Why it re vealed the fact that not only was vice strongly prevalent, but that there was urgent need for greater repression by the law. (Applause.) We should distinguish between vice and crime. There were two things about which we should be perfectly clear. First of all we required the laws of the land to be such as to make crime difficult to compass, and in the second place they wanted the whole tone of the community raised so as to make vice become hateful. They should endeavor to keep these two things apart. If they mixed them together the result might be far from that desired. He was very much afraid they might he tempted to press our legislatora to legislate in a sort of panic spirit, and then what they might decide upon would be subse quently undone. Therefore we should not press our laws too far. He thought the Bill at present before the House of Assembly so admirable that he trusted it would be carried just as it was printed, and he did not know that they could do more than urge upon their representatives the neces sity for the carrying of that measure. He suggested they should do three tlungs. First, that they should endeavor to repress vice as much as possible. They must bear 111 mind that it commonly originated through, the overcrowded state of the houses of the poor. Clearly, then, that was the direction m which they must bring their powers to bear. Ladies could always do this better than men. It was the overcrowding of bedrooms which was so fatal to morality. They could endeavor to get the inhabitants of these homes to put up curtains and screens, and so divide children, while comparatively young, from one another. Another thing they must do, they must'm press upon mothers the necessity for dressmg their children in a manner to best preserve de cency. Mothers should he induced to give their children a physiological training in such a manner as only mothers _ could give it. Jtte had asked again and again why it was that children were left to learn all that was most solemn and sacred about their bodies from those who would only speak of the subject in the wickedest and most wanton of language. "Who could give better training in this respect than a mother 1 He urged upon them to im part to their children such a knowledge of their bodies as would make them more alive to the dangers that surrounded them, and impress them with the necessity for keeping themselves pure and unsullied. God had given them their bodies for His holy spirit to dwell in, and they should conse quently regard these bodies not as belonging to themselves but to Him who had made them. There was another duty which rested upon us, and that was in respect to the raising of the whole tone of society. As to the sins of forn • cation and such-like coinmitted by men the responsibility for the committal of sucn sins should be made to rest as strongly ontho man as it did on the woman. (Hear, hear.) Let there be the same law for the man as lor firing*ThS teL.TVe wanted wafsuch1Sed toXticimte in it they must at least lead pure lives. No one could help this matter so forward[as the ladies themselves. If they would determine to exclude men of this class from their social gatherings, and refuse to allow, their daughters to be given in marriage to those whom they knew were leading a life of sin, they would be taking a very decided step in helping' forward the cause in the right direction^. (Hear, bear.) They must be careful not to think any young i man was necessarily leading an immoral n e because he did not see his way clear to join such societies as the White Gross or Social Purity societies. The whole tendency of these societies was in the direction of good, but he felt very jealous for those who were living pure lives so far as he could tell, but yet did not care to join any such society. After all their one hope was in spreading more and more the knowledge that our bodies were to be the temples of the Holy Ghost, and the great lesson of the Incarnation. They must consecrate their lives to God's service, and endeavor to propagate the knowledge he had referred to. In conclusion he spolie of the necessity for young people of both sexes indulging in active sports and games, for he was sure the more vigorous exercise they took the better it would be for their bodies', their souls, and their minds. He wished the work every success, and had much pleasure in moving the adoption of the report. (Applause.) The Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., LL.13., in seconding the motion, said he felt sure they they all approved of the work being done by the society, and it was a matter for congratu lation that it had progressed so well in South Australia. He thought that they might ven ture to hope that the age of consent would be passed at sixteen, and this ques tion had bec-n greatly assisted by the repoit of the Fall Mall Gazelle Commis sion , vhich had caused such a sensation throughout tiie woild. He hoped the society would labor unceasingly in the direction of making vice as well as crime come under rhe ban of the law. The diffi culty in framing Acts of Parliament so as to avoid loopholes being left in tiiem was great, and he urged upon them to carefully watch all legislative measures, so as to prevent their becoming a dead-letter. He had heard the prevalence of immorality in Melbourne and Sydney was very appalling, and if the extent of vice in our own fair city were only known to the Christian community at large, he felt sure they would so take the matter in hand as to speedily make their influence felt. It was the duty of parents to warn their children and put them on their guard against the evil designs of the vicious, and now that the public weie so thoroughly aroused on this question lie was certain that great good would accrue, (Applause). The Rev. Canon Andrews, M. A., sup ported. and thought the meeting should take some practical form in regard to the establish ment of some house of temporary refuge for the erring, in order to assist in the work of repressing that evil which it was so painfully apparent existed in our midst. This question was one which applied to no doctrine in par ticular, and he asked them all to he united in the work. The Rev. S. Knight supported, and trusted that the ladies of South Australia would ostra cise those whose character should disqualify them from mixing in the society of the gentler sex. He referred to the accosting of girls by young men, and vice versa, and trusted that they would do all in their power to repress this sort of thing. He advocated the founding of a '• Home of Welcome " which should take the form of a home, and not of a refuge, and whose appearance should in no way resemble that of a prison. When he saw so many ladies present, he felt certain that the movement would be carried to a successful issue. The Chairman expressed the sympathy he felt for the Social Purity Society and its ob jects. People could not be made good by Act of Parliament, but legislative measures were effective in preventing the opportunities for vice. The ladies engaged in this cause should have the assistance of the sterner sex in their work of reclaiming the fallen, and the repres sing of vice. The adoption of the report was then put and cariied. Mi.s.s SrtNCE urged upon the ladies present to unite and make their influence felt in the work of extending social purity. They should discountenance the shameless man, though he be rich and of good supposed social standing. They must not be too inquisitive in their en quiries as to the conduct of these men, and in conclusion she_ begged all present to do all they could to assist in the reclamation of those who had unfortunately strayed from the paths of virtue. The Rev. J. McEwix moved—"'That in the oninion of this meeting the age of consent in the Social Purity Bill now before the House of Assembly should be raised to at least sixteen years." They had all been pained by reading the awful revelations made in the Pall Mall Gazette, and it was clear from those articles that one of the chief aims in propaga ting the social purity movement was to get the age of consent raised. The Rev. E. Gratton seconded, and said that at a meeting of the Ministerial Associa tion held that morning a resolution affirming the desirableness of raising the age of consent to eighteen was carried, and it was resolved to send out memorials for signature to that effect. The motion was put and carried. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings. 