MORSELS. An inquest was held at Casino on Friday on the body of the aboriginal woman who was found dead on Thursday, and was supposed to have been murdered. The medical evidence of Dr. Bernstein, the Govern ment Medical Officer, showed that death resulted from natural causes, and a verdict was returned accordingly. Some punctures which had been made around the eye resulted, according to the medical evidence, from the attack of crows whilst the body lay exposed on Tuesday. Big Derry, the husband of the deceased lubra, has been discharged from custody. At a meeting of the building committee of the Roman Catholic Church, Gundagai, the tender of James Cahir, of Goulburn, for the erection of a new St. Patrick's Church, Gundacai, was accepted, the contract price being about £2000. The opening meeting of the Albury Coursing Club was held on Friday in the presence of a large atten dance. The quantity of potatoes exported from Warrnam bool this season up to July 31 amounted to 30,829 tons, against 28,866 tons in the corresponding period of last year. There is still a large quantity in the district for export. a At a meeting in Orange on Thursday night, a branch of the Agricultural 4nd Industrial Alliance was formed, the objects of thP society being to advo cate the principles of protection. A sub-committee was appointed to prepare ar platform, and' to make arrangements for holding a monster meeting at an early date. O'Brien, of Melbourne, has challenged to run T. M. Malone half-a-mile for £200 aside, the race to take place in Melbourne abbut the middle of Septem ber. The champion sprinter agrees to the terms, and has forwarded an acceptance of the challenge. At the monthly meeting of the committee of the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts held on Thursday evening, the case of a lady member who had been in the habit of scribbling in books issued to her was considered, and after hearing a letter of apology from her, it was resolved that she should be severely reprimanded. The library committee reported. that Sir Henry Parkes had expressed his regret at having no time to prepare a lecture worthy of the institu tion. An inquest was held at Newcastle on 1riday on the body of a Frenchman named Charles Vintross:, which was found on the previous night hanging from a bedpost in a bedroom at Eddison's Hotel, where he had been living intemperately for three weeks. The jury returned a verdict of suicide. Deceased was 47 years old, and a stonemason by trade. The Hen. J. C. Bray, M.P., ex-Premier of South Australia, arrived at Adelaide on Friday, and in response to the welcome of a number of citizens spoke of protection, stating that from what he had gathered when in Canada, that country had im proved since the adoption of the national policy, and risen from commercial depression to a condition of prosperety. There is now a choral service at St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney, every afternoon, at half-past 4 o'clock. These services were commenced on Monday of last week. Last Wednesday, 900 very superior rams belong ing to E. K. Crace, Ginninderra, passed through Yass for Bourke. Mr. Mair, of Duro, bought 15 at five guineas each. Hancock, the English walker, lately defeated Scott, of New Zealand, in a 50-mile walk for what was said to be a stake of £100. The winner covered the full distance in 8 hours and 8 minutes. In an interview in Adelaide a few days ago Mr. Sala said :-" I am now writing regularly to the London Daily Telegraph, and when I get home I shall collect all the letters I have written, adding a great deal of original matter and these will be pub lished in two large volumes illustrated with maps and engravings." According to a statement made by Mr. G. A. Sala in Adelaide he became a journalist in conse quence of an accident :-" When the Great Duke of Wellington was buried in 1802," he said, " I exe cuted on steel an immense panorama, containing a thousand figures, of the procession. The fumes of the acid used in etching in the steel so impaired my vision that I gave up engraving, and took seriously to journalism." The Ameer of Afghanistan claims to be descended from the ancient Israelites. Strangers often com ment upon his Jewish physiognomy. One of his predecessors being asked if he was a Jew, replied: "We marry a brother's wife, and give a daughter no inheritance- are we not, therefore, childere of Israel 0" A well-known London lawyer is named Thomas Jolly Death. It is said thathis father gave him the name of " Jolly" as a sort of offset to the sombre' surname. Murs. Horace Helyar, the new English beauty, is described by a critic as "a nice cherry-faced, shiny-. ekinned girl, with no features to speak of, but lots to say for herself." A critic in a Western State of America lately saw George Filn in Hamlet, and on the following day his conclusions were published as follows:-" There is too mach chinning in the piece. The author is way behind the times, and seems to forget that what we want nowadays is hair- raising situations and detectives. In the hands of a skilful play-wright a detective would have been put upon the track of Hamlet's uncle, and the old man would have been hunted down in a manner that would have excited the audience out of their number elevens. The nmoral of the piece is not good. The scene where Hamlet sasses his mother is a very had example to the rising generation, and it isn't helped when the dreary old ghost comes in and tells him to hold his jaw. Our advice to the author is, a little more action, a little more gurgling taffy, a fair share of variety business in his next piece. In the specialty acts of the play scene he has entirely missed his opportunities." The young man Kerry, whose report that he ha?l discovered gold in New Guinea was the foundation of a prospecting company formed in Melbourne, is now in Brisbane. He has undertaken to accompany General M'Ivor's party and show them the locality of his alleged discovery, on condition that if he does he shall be admitted to the same measure in the enterprise as'the other adventurers. The new list of Justices of the Peace, contains the names ,of Mr. W. J. Chapman, of Milton (but how of Braidwood, auctioneer), and Mr. P. J. Clinton;, of Nelligen. Mr. Robert Goodhew, who was for some time a constable stationed in Queanbeyan, and latterly at Moruya, has resigned his appointment in the service, he purposes commencing business in Queanbeyan as cordial manufacturer. We understand that Mr. Blatehford has made, arrangements with a party who hold a patent for treating silver ore to erect the necessary machinery for testing in a thorough manner his mineral property at Captain's Flat. Should the treatment' prove successful after three months, further nr rangements will, no doubt, be made for a continuance of the operations.-Braidwood Dispatch. The undermentioned applications for mineral leases of Crown Lands have been approved :-J. Guest and another, 20 acres, parish of Kangaloolah, county of Georgiana; J. Ford and another, 20 acres, parish of Kangaloolah, county of Georgiana; J. iHfall and another, 20 acres, parish of Tuena, county of Georgiana; D. Bremmier and another, 2 lots of 40 acres each, parish of?Tuena, county of Georgiana; A. P. Manton and others, 20 acres, parish of Tuena, county of Georgiana. The application of D. Ayling and others for a' gold mining lease of 4 acres of Crown Land in the parish of Inverary, county of Argyle, has been approved. Application having been made by Inspector Pen ton to bring the following portions of land under the provisions of the Real Property Act, a certificate of indefeasible title will issue unless caveats be lodged on or before the 15th October:-2 roods, allotment No. 17 of section No. 7, in the town of Goulburn, granted to Thomas Horton James. Application having been made by Patrick Cava nagh, of One-Tree Iill, to be registered as " pro prietor by tratismission" of the land hereunder described, such application will be complied with, and a certificate of title issued in accordance there with, unless caveats be lodged on or before the 10th September:-atuoccev. 320 acres, portion No. 2-11, near One-Tree Hill, in the parish unnamed and county of Murray. Title, how claimed-Adminis trator of the -intestate estate of Thomas Cavanagh, who died 20th December, 1871. Color-sergeant Fuller has resigned from the position of color-sergeant to a private in the Goul burn Company Volunteer Infantry. "'esterday morning 33 recruits were passed into the ranks of the Goulburn Company Volunteer Infantry by the adjutant of the 1st regiment, Captain Bailey. This brings the company up to its full strength of 115 members. 