CHINA AND THE EAST. [From Papers to 17th November.) THE GREYHOUND PIRACY CASE. The following extract from the log was given at a Marine Court of Inquiry held at Hongkong on 12th November into the circumstances connected with the piracy and murder of the captain on board the British steamer Greyhound between Hongkong and Hoihow on the 17th October:-"17th October, weighed anchor and proceeded for Hoihow at 5.55 a. m and proceeded on our usual route, all well ; 9.55 a.m., Potoe Islands S. (mag.) distant about one mile. Set patent log and all fore and aft sail, and steered W.S.W. by compass, making a S.W. by W. course Noon, moderate wind and sea, and ship rolling; three islands bearing north (mag.), distance about six miles. About ten minutes past noon heard the report of firearms, and on looking up saw a Chinese on the starboard side shaft cabin skylight with a revolver in his hand, and Captain Syder, on port side, remarked, This won't do here, old fellow.' I then perceived two more Chinese armed coming up behind the first, and several shots being fired on the after deck, and on looking aft saw several Chinese firing away with revolvers. I then realised the position of affairs, and made a rush below to get my revolver, which was in the till of ray chest, but could not get the cartridges to enter the chamber. I then came into the steerage, and heard something thrown overboard from the starboard side of the bridge on the after part. Shortly after that the firing abated. Thinking everything quiet, I attempted to look upon deck, and was immediately fired at from the deck, the bullet missing mc. I then stayed below, keeping myself out of sight as much as possible until the two boys belonging to the cabin came out of the closet under the stairs. They allowed them to go upon dock, and asking them who was below, they then sent them down to me with conditions if I would keep quiet they would not molest me. I asked them from below if that was true, and they said yes. I then went on deck and found three armed men standing at the door, covering me with their revolver, who ordered me down into the after between decks, where I went. When I got below the man who seemed to the one of authority asked me for the key of the treasure room, which I gave him. They then commenced to search the passengers' luggage and passengers themselves, and took everything they thought of value, searching several times. Before dark I looked out and saw we were abreast of South-West Islands, heading to the N.E. About 7 p.m., to the best of my belief, I heard a junk come alongside the port side. They then took off the after hatches, and took up the opium (1 cheat), me, and all that they thought of value. They all went on deck, and I heard them fastening all down below. A few minutes afterwards fire was discovered in the after hold, which was put out before it got much hold. They eventually left the ship about 8.30, and shortly after I came on deck and saw a junk standing away towards the Ladrones on port tack. I was then informed there had been three junks alongside I shortly after saw three junks standing on star- board tack towards Macao. When I came on deck I found Ladrones bearing about E. by S., distant about four miles. All boats stove. Three of the brasses belonging to the circulating pumps, c, also one of the rods, missing. I then assumed command of the ship, finding the captain had been shot, and thrown overboard. I then dressed the wounds of Mr. Bennett, chief engineer, and Mr. Jacobson, second officer, who had been wounded in the attack. Worked away to get engines ready, and got started at 1.15 a.m. 18th, came on to Hongkong and anchored off West Point about 9.16 am. Placed the vessel in the hands of the police, and went on shore to make a report. EPIDEMIC OF BERI BERI IN SUMATRA. In the Batavia Dagblad of the 7th October, a correspondent on the spot there describes how matters stand at Acheen Beri-beri continues to demand an increasing number of victims. It has become epidemic and bears an alarming character. By the coast steamer which left on the 17th September, 400 invalids were shipped off, among whom there were only a few not suffering from this disease. Meanwhile so many of them died during the few days she stayed here, before starting, that the number fell to 361, notwithstanding that, daily, fresh patients taken to hospital, were available to fill up the gaps. Among these 400 were fully 100 Europeans ! On the night before she left, 11 died and a past recovery had to remain behind. Of the 20 convicts quartered at Pulo Bras under most favourable conditions as to lodging, board, wearing apparel, &c;, 17 were stricken down and invalided within a few weeks. In August last, of the patients under treatment in hospital for best on, both soldiers and convicts, 170 died. In the first half of the present year more than 1500 dead were borne gravewards from hospital. Inquiries into the cause of this disease, worse as it is than cholera from its long continuance, have led to nothing. The strongest men, the most temperate in the use of drink, fall as readily victims of the actively working poison as the weak and intemperate,. This disease seems to disregard the nature of the work done by those stricken, their rations, or situation of their quarters-all these being matters carefully studied for months by medical officers here. It is and remains a ghost-like apparition which can neither be felt nor fathomed, and with all that it continues to wield its deadly sickle among us, defenceless as we are In spite of all efforts to find a remedy by guesswork or trial. Meanwhile, the invalids stricken with this fell malady are continually being shipped off to Padang. The number of these unfortunates who give up the ghost on the way from the hospital to the roadstead and on the passage to Padang is astonishing. In the last steamer but one that left three were buried at sea off Olehleh, and twenty-nine in all on the voyage to Padang. There is no sanatorium at all in the neighbourhood whither those stricken can be taken instead of to the hospital, which is actually overall, and runs the danger of becoming literally a centre of contagion. Among the officers, so far, there have occurred only a couple of cases displaying symptoms akin to those of beri-beri. Yet the situation may not be lightly regarded. Now that it has come out clearly how wholly powerless our medical men are against this disease ; now that rapid invaliding seems to be the only way available to save any of the stricken ones ; new that our costly military hospital has become a storehouse of beri-beri patients and runs the risk of becoming a centre of infection as well ; now that invalids are packed off under very trying circumstances to them from the hospital to the tramway station, from there by rail to the pier at Olehleh, and, further still, to the roadstead to be stowed away on shipboard like cattle within a too confined space; now that on the way, attendance, care, and cleanliness continue to be far below requirements, and now that the weakest breathe their last breath in tens at a time owing to the suffering under- gone, the interests of the State and those of humanity call for effective measures alleviating more efficiently the lot of these unfortunate and pitiable patients, and insuring a quicker passage at more frequent intervals to a healthier climate. i LYNCH LAW IN CHINA Another case of Chinese taking the law into their own hands came to the notice of the police recently. P. S. Butlin was on the way to Kowloon city to look for some property which had been obtained by a robbery in Queen's-road West. He was walking from Yaumati, and when at Ma Tau Cheong his attention was attracted to a crowd of people in and about the Temple there. He saw that his appearance had caused a great commotion among the people, who cleared out at the back, and he went to the Temple and looked inside. There was nothing in the building, but passing on into the court-yard he found a roan tied up to a post, with two or three cuts on the head. The man seemed overjoyed to see the officer, and at once began to chin chin. Having released him, Butlin learned that he had been engaged in a highway robbery on the road from Yaumati to Kowloon City. At a place called the Black Rock, which is famous for robberies, be and another man, a well-known criminal in this colony, meta shopkeeper from Hongkong on his way to Kowloon City, and they robbed him of about $13. The shopkeeper had invoked the assistance of the men Butlin found the thief in charge of, and they caught this man, but his companion escaped with the loot. They had tied him up in the temple and were deliberating what to do with him when Butlin came up. The thief, who a short time before would have thought a constable the last person into whose hands he could desire to fall, now welcomed the officer as a deliverer, for there is no doubt the stonecutters, if they did not kill him, would have barbarously ill-treated him. They certainly had no intention of leaving his punishment to the proper authorities. The thief will be prosecuted for the robbery, and Inspector Thomson is looking for some of the stonecutters. PIRACY NEAR CANTON. Piracies are still common, and the lawless spirit re-begotten by the war has not been extinguished. The other day a trading and passenger junk, while on her return to Canton from Shiu Hingston was attacked when near Fatahan by some piratical boats. Resistance was offered by those in the junk, but they were eventually overpowered by the pirates, who took all the cargo out of the vessel and de- spoiled the passengers, with which booty they retired. The junk people, for some reason or other, subsequently pursued the pirates with the view of making them disgorge their plunder, whereupon the latter throw a number of stink pots on board the junk, setting fire to her, The smoke blinded the crew and passengers, and the fire blazed up so fiercely that the junk was soon enveloped in flames and was burned to the water's edge, about twenty of those on board falling victims to the flames, while the rest only saved their lives by throw- ing themselves into the water and swimming to shore. The outrage has been reported to the authorities, but the pirates are likely to get off scot-free. GERMAN INFLUENCE IN JAPAN. The Japan Mail publishes the following note c-We have alluded more than once to the almost wholly unprecedented methods at present adopted by German officials to promote the interests of their country's commerce in the East. Perhaps it would be more correct to Bay, not the interests, but what German officials believe to be the interests, of commerce. For we have not the least doubt, nor can any student of commercial history have the least doubt, that this officially fostered trade will collapse so soon as its temporary and abnormal prop is withdrawn. In so far as German merchants may be endowed with superior business capacities, or in so far as they may be content with smaller profits and willing to work for less, they unquestionably deserve, and Englishmen would be the last to grudge them, the successes which just at present attend their enterprise. On the other hand, while no one, we presume, would seriously advocate that British officials should attempt to compete with German officials in the rain which appears to have been mapped out for the latter, it is becoming pretty plain that unless a more liberal and considerate policy is adopted towards English merchants, and unless their legitimate convenience is better consulted, they may be permanently ousted from the landing place which they have hitherto occupied. A case very much in point has reference to the passenger trade between China and the Straits. Under the Emigration Act the fees levied upon a British vessel engaged in this trade amount to about $75, while a German vessel is called on to pay only $10. Further, by the liberal interpretation which the German authorities put upon the regulations with regard to space, &c;, a German ship is enabled to carry a considerably larger number of passengers than an English ship. From this species of disabling legislation, at all events, British merchants may justly claim to be relieved, though for the rest they are prepared to fight their own battles without any official favour or interference. CHINA AND MACAO. It is again rumoured that China intends to make an endeavour to wrest back Macao from the Portuguese. It is said, with what truth we cannot say, that the authorities of Canton are greatly incensed at the Portuguese for re-opening the Wei-sing lottery in Macao. The tickets in Macao and sold much cheaper than those in Canton, and consequently a large part of the money now invested in the city of Rams finds it way to the Holy City. Besides, Macao will reap the lion's share of the money made on the examinations conducted in the Coast Ports. There is hardly ground for a quarrel in this but the Chinese authorities would gladly make it one if they were sure they would be supported by the imperial authorities. Another reason is given for their holding back. It is rumoured, and the rumour is said to be firmly believed by the local officials, that there is an understanding between France and Portugal to the effect that the former will support the latter should China seek to dispossess her. This rumour has been so frequently and persistently circulated that we are inclined not to pay much heed to it. At the same time it cannot be doubted but that China will some day make an effort to recover that which she has never ended; and the present moment may not be altogether in- opportune. Her soldiers have successfully resisted the armies of a much more powerful nation than Portugal, the yare being energetically arid intelligently drilled with the view of their being able to cope with the foreigner when he next comes with aggressive intent, and it may be looked upon as a certainty that when China feels herself confident of being able for the task she will attempt to recover Macao, and keep it MISCELLANEOUS. The Japan Gazette says As the Pacific Mail Steamship Company's tug-boat Restless was on her way down to Sagami on the 30th October a rather curious incident occurred. She was travelling at the rate of about eight knots, when, without any perceptible reason, the speed suddenly decreased although the indicator showed the same pressure of steam, and the engine was working smoothly. One of the crew went forward and on looking over the bow discerned a large fish which had been struck by the vessel clean in the centre, and was sent back slightly on each side. A boat hook was brought and the fish securely caught under the girl, but it was so heavy that it took six of the crew to haul it on deck. It proved to be a fine specimen of the sunfish, and measured 3ft. 4in. by 3ft, 6in. The sun fish is described as a soft-nosed plectognathous, a sea fish of the genus OrUutgoriscus mola, supposed to be so named from its nearly circular form and shining surface. These fishes look more like a dissevered head of a fish than the entire animal. While swimming they turn upon themselves like a wheel. They grow to a large size, often attaining a diameter of 4ft., and sometimes even that of 12ft. Hongkong was threatened with another riot on the 6th November. On that day and for some days previously a Chinese procession had been perambulating the principal streets with a huge dragon. On the 6th some of the dragon carriers took into their head to carry their precious burden along the sidewalks of the principal street and make it evolute in and out the verandas. This was going beyond what they were allowed to do by their permit, and a police officer Constable Fowler-hold up his hand and warned them off the pavement. The constable was immediately struck by one of the spectators for insulting the sacred beast, and when he tried to arrest him he was attacked by several men, and had to seek refuge in a police station near by. For some time after matters looked very threatening, and strong parties of police had to patrol the streets for some hours. Two men were arrested in connection with the disturbance. The Japanese educational reformers mean well, and ought to accomplish good. The Female English School at Sayckicho, Ky basin, Tokyo, established at the suggestion of gentlemen in and out of the Government service, proposes to correct the vain light manners of girls, and give them instruction in different branches of study, inclusive of conversation in foreign languages. The Grand Secretary Li purposes to estab- lish banks at all the open ports, as foreigners have done ; also to buy several steamers to take the products of China to foreign countries for sale. The funds for starting the enterprise are to be provided by the officials. The name proposed for this fleet is the Ocean Trading. He likewise proposes to make railways to facilitate traffic. During his visit to Peking be discussed these matters with the .Taungli Yaraên and the Ministry. The Shen Pao of the 23rd October proposes, in a leading article on the " Different position of women in China and in Western countries," to establish girls' schools where the general principles set forth in the classics and histories may be explained to girls by aged teachers. The writer wisely objects to any attempt to make the girls learn the books by heart as boys do. They are to stay at school till 14 or 15 years of age, and then learn embroidery, Sec. The writer protests against the present system of teaching girls nothing but cooking and spinning in poorer families, and merely embroidery in richer houses. For the rest they are left to do any mischief suggested by idle- ness. They are indulged in every whim, and never hear of the duty of woman, the virtue of wife. Their utter ignorance of great principles leads them to commit suicide on slight provocation. It is want of education that causes the idolatrous processions, the visits to temples, the quarrels between man and wife, between mother and daughter-in-law, In fact, China professes to treat women with respect and does not really do so; western nations seem to be careless about their women, but in reality show them proper respect. But it is only because they are educated that the freedom granted to European women does not prove a grave blow to morals. By last advices, the Bromo volcano in Java has been very restless. A roar from it like that of heavy surf or an approaching storm is heard at great distances, and the air around is charged with sulphur fumes. Europeans and natives alike on the spot hold that the activity of this volcano is greater than during any former year and foretell an outburst as being near at hand. At a Malay gathering in Perak on the festival of the Han Kaya this year, Rajah Dris, of his own accord, addressed the people, speaking in the name of the Regent and the Malays at large, expressing the great satisfaction of them all at the Government of the country under the British Resident, of the administration of justice, and of the general welfare and content of the people. By this mail his Excellency the Acting Governor has received a despatch expressing the satisfaction of her Majesty's Government at such a spontaneous expression of the feelings of the people of Perak, and their appreciation of the ability with which Mr. Swettenham, the Acting Resident, has administered its affairs. A correspondent informs the Straits Times that an attempt of a very serious nature to murder or injure a Government official in Malacca was happily averted by the presence of mind displayed by the official himself. It appears that on the 28th October he and his family returned home from a visit to a friend at 10 o'clock p.m., when he retired to his room. Just as he was about falling asleep he observed near the window, which was left open, and close to the head of the cot in which he slept a light accompanied with a smell of gunpowder. He at once got up, and found that the light proceeded from a fuse connected with a packet of gunpowder about 5lb, in weight, which was attached to a stick, by means of which the explosive matter had been placed under the cot. The fuse was immediately extinguished, and a search made for the person or persons who had attempted this dastardly outrage, but no trace of them could be found. 