I ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. A speciiiVeervice of intercession for the troops proceeding to Egypt was held in St. Andrew's Cathedral yesterday afternoon, and attracted a congregation so numerous as to completely fill the spacious edifice. Noticeable amongst the congregation were three or four Judges of the Supreme Court, several members of the Ministry, and Other representatives of both Houses of Parliament, the CouiintindRiit, in company with officers of both branches of the service ; a goodly proportion of the contingent about to proceed to Egypt, and it large assemblage of ladies, and gentlemen. Arrangements had been made to prevent the overcrowding of the Cathedrals confusion arising, and they seemed to be carried out in a satisfactory manner. The service was announced to commence at a quarter-past 3 o'clock, but fully an hour before that time there were gathering, at all the principal entrance to the cathedral CUCIOBUIU of ladies and gentlemen who'wcroiho holders of tickets entitling them to admission to various parts of (bo building. 'i frigates were opened soon after half-past 2 o'clock, and for nearly an hour there- were str ennis of people TJftssiug through the various entrances. The Cathedral Choir was strengthened by those from St. Mark's, All Saints, Bud Christ Church, bringing the number of voices up to SO. Mr. Montagu Younger presided at the organ, and his performances were of a very elusive character. 'the half-hour preceding the commencement of the service was devoted by the organist to the playing of "The Soudan March," , composed expressly for the occasion by Mr Luscombe Searelle; " Ann, arm, in Brave! " "Oh, Father, Whose Almighty Power;" "Disdainful of Danger," from Handel's " Judas Maccabeus; " and Cruuchinunn's " Ti Prego." The service was commenced by the singing of the by um commencing " Ob Vtorihlii the King, all glorious above, and afterwards evening prayers were intoned by the precentor, Rev. 12. it. Rivers, M.A. The canticles were, for the sake of the men joining in, taken to 'change. This proper pBuluiB were the 27th, 48th, and 121st. The first lesson (Joshua i., 1-9) was read by the Ven. the Archdeacon of Cumberland, and the second (Eph. vi,, 10-20) was read by the Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney. The anthem was Dr. Clark Whilflold's " In Jewry is God known." Amongst the prayers were the following Special applications :-" O most glorious and eternal God, the Lord of Hosts, in whose husband lost all the issues of war, we humbly commit to Thy righteous judgment the cause of our dear country in this her hour of trial. Send down, if it be according to Thy gracious will, such blessings on our arms in Egypt that the clouds of danger may be scattered before us, and the light of peace and happiness be restored and grant that we, acknowledging Thee as the giver of all victory, may strive to use our power as a trust from Thee for the advance- ment of Thy glory, and the welfare of all the people of the land, through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory, world without end. Amen." " O God, who has taught us by the hour of trial to draw closer the bonds of brotherhood, and to rejoice in claiming our share in the dangers and the destiny of our button, Bless, we beseech Thee, with Thy gracious favour and protection those who go forth willingly from these shores to serve our dear country in her time of need. Way 'J hv fatherly hand ever be over them 1 May Thy (Spirit of righteousness and mercy rule their hearts 1 Bring them back, if it be Thy will, in peace and safety and whether hauteur in death, may Thy blessing rest upon them, for the sake of of Him who gave Himself for our salvation, JOSUB Christ our Lord. Amen." the hymns, God the all terrible." "All people that on earth do dwell," and Abide with me," were included in the service, at the conclusion of which the organist played M voluntaries "Rule Britannia," "GodBleasthf Prince of Wales" and the " national Anthem." The sermon was preached by the Primate of Australia, who based his discourse on 1st Kings, viii., 44,45' If thy people go out to battle against their enemy, whithersoever Thou shalt lend them, and shall pray unto the Lord, then hear Thou in heaven their prayer and supplication, and maintain their cause " Dr. BARRY said I have chosen for my text to-day words in which the prayer of Solomon after surveying the succession many other vicissitudes of the national fortunes of God's people lays before the footstool of His morey the terrible event of war, recognises it as Subject to the away of His Providence, and CRIES His blessing upon those who passed through it to the peace which IICB beyond. I have done so, because this is pre- eminently a service of intercession, in which common prose or speaks more deeply and emphatically than the most eloquent passion of other station We stand (who can doubt it V) at a critical times lime, which like all other crises, is a time both of serious danger and glorious opportunity in the forms of our country. 'I therefore we pray for England, that God who has raised her up for a high and world-wide mission, will, in spite of all error and weakness, all short-coming and wrong-doing, still bless her, and inspire her to meet it. We part with our brethren who are going out willingly to what is no slight or bloodless service, to embody (so to speak) the spirit of loyalty in this colony towards the old mother country, and represent in action one part of what has been happily called the Greater Britain, which has grown out of one little island, till the waves of its influence equal every shore of humanity, 'therefore we pray for them, and with them, that Gnu's hand may be over them, and His Spiritual rule their limits We are not content that all shall tine been done, which can be done, to equip them for their arduous work ; we are not content to give them, at our shouting streets, the encourage- ment of that fellowship of appreciation and sympathy, which at once fires and softens the heart. No' like St Paul at Miletus-when for those whom he loved he had done all work, and had spoken all evhortuttons- wn come here at last to commend them to God and in this great " They are coming out for its W battle against the enemy who lift up our souls in prayer for them, as they for theirselves, above all the din and trouble of earth in the Lord in Heaven, trusting that He will " hear our supplications and maintain our cause." What then is the first order of the preacher to-day? Certainly not to discuss the policy or the justice of this Egyptian war, which has already cost England to many noble lives, and above all, the life of one of the true heroes of this sennriUlon, whose death under all the circumstances of his charge, is to us not only a national loss, but I fear, a national disgrace. Not to enter into any of the questions which have been raised here, as to the offer of our troops stir the service of England, or the method and spirit in which that offer has been made of all these things thoughtful and unsparing reckoning must be had elsewhere on all these things the preacher, as an Englishman, and a citizen of this colony, has the right of forming opinion and the duty, perhaps, be expressing it, for I cannot hold that because a man is a Minister of Christ he should lose the political rights, or is dispensed from the political duties which belong to all citizens of a free and great country. But not hero, or at any time. Hot here, for the very entrance into the house of God should raise the soul to a higher and a calmer atmosphere, to ten things '(if I may dare so to say) from the vantage ground of heaven. Not at this time for the hour of worship is, above all others, the hour of unity, from which all rude sounds of division and dispute should be banished, bee-line in it our common Immunity is face to face with our common God No ! the office of the preacher, when he has emphasised with all earnestness the duty and blessing of that double prayer of intercession which we offer to-day, in to call our minds to thoughts which lie beyond all controversy-to interpret, so for as God gives him light, the meanings which, for all, underlies the busy Botioh and the strong emotion of this present busy time. But what, it may be asked is Cocked- hat the preacher of the Gospel of peace to do with wars What right have we I under that Gospel to bring before God, through Christ, such prayer us that of the text, that, what we plunge into all the horror and cruelty of Little, He was heir our supplication and maintain our Cause ? My brethren, let us freely con- Essanay, with all impassioned earnestness, Irtus declare that war is itself an inhuman, An unnatural, an un Christian thing ; let us take shame to ourselves that after eighteen centuries of Christian civilisation, all the cool reasonings of expediency, all the clear protests of reason and conscience, all the pathetic pleadings of humanity, all the spiritual teachings of the Gospel, have done so little to extirpate it from a suffering world. Let us strive and pray for the time when the " truce of God," which in old times at "trod round the great Christian festival, may be extended into an abiding and pervading reign of peace. It is a great perplexing contradiction, felt all the more or mere larWism recedes, and modern civilisation by certain noble incongruities tempore, as half in shame, the unrelenting consistency of Savage war. It is a contradiction, and, like all other contradictions in life, it has its root in the power of evil in the world-folly, injustice, oppression, anarchy, the idolatry of glory, and the insatiate greed of power. It is because These exist, and as long at they exist, that war will be, peace in the beginning and the end of all true humanity. Peace over the cradle of battle and the broken tomb of the first Easter was the . beginning and the end of the message of Christ to the world. But of the intermediate rate of struggle and imperfections, No Himself said with all sadness, Not pence, but a sword," and the saying belongs alike to the temporal and spiritual conditions of life, to the world and to the Church. The real question in the world as it is now and it is a question of the deepest moral significance-is, whether in strugGle we are on the side of right or on the side of wrong ; whether we wantonly and selfishly provoke war, or whether MO entered with sad, reluctant seriousness; whether we give way to what has been called " the joy of conflict, and trifle with the wild beautfully whichlioB hidden and chained within the soul, or whether, like the great Duke of Wellington, we hold Unit A victory is only lots sold than defeat, and watch out of the darkness of conflict for the first sweet dawn of peace. In this question it depends whether to ask for God's blessing on our cause and on ourselves is a reasonable player or a blasphemous mockery. It was only when His people went forth to the battle, whither He sent them, that Solomon dared to ask- that he would hear their supplication and maintain their cause. And God can send his people only to a serious and reluctant, a righteous and merciful War. Nothing can be more hateful ~ than what men call the " military spirit " in a people, if it means the reckless delight in battle, the spirit of ambition, and the passion for glory and aggrandisement ; the willing as. opal on all occo from to force, the " who to the conquered " of the old barbaric chief. But what if, on the other hand, this military spirit yield, as it's fruits, the 'temper of loyal self-sacrifice for our country, the readiness to endure, at the call of duty, hardness and suffering, even to lay down life's English soldiers do-not us a great heroic act, but as a forester of course, the resolution to maintain, under God's blessing, the place of high responsibility and power which he has assigned to England r To love peace for the sake of peace, note for it to make all possible sacrifice, in divine " Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God." But to cling at all hazards to pento, simply because it preserves our ease and comfort and wealth; to think, in fear of hardship and danger, from maintaining what we believe to be the cause of right, this is an ignoble cowardice. God grant to us and to our country, in this as in all other things, to refuse the evil and to choose good. Surely it is this prayer beyond all others which must be at the very heart of our supplication to-day, and give us confidence to present it, through Our Lord Jesus Christ, before the Throne of God. TV hat, then, are the mornings which we may rightly reid to-day in this House of God's, as underlying the excitement of this present time, and making it a memorable epoch in the history of this colony F First, and most obvious, is the expression of loyalty to the old country, which we habitually call home, in what is unquestionably an hour of trial, which over the unexampled vastness of our Empire, which it taxes all her strength to grasp and all her wisdom to rule, there are clouds of danger and embarrassment gathering on every side. Let ally; it is affection tinged with resentment is in the life of it people what filial love is within the sacred circle of home. " The mother Country," " The fatherland," are no mere figures of speech. A sentiment men call it, sometimes in a tone of half depreciation; but all thoughtful minds know that Beaumont is one of the great forces that rule the world. No family, no nation over rose to 3s tmu ideal merely by the cold season of expediency, or even by the higher inspiration of duty, without the inner glow of life which comes from the time of love. 'And that Expression of loyalty now, you may see, even by the reflex influence on European opinion, that it has a value for beyond the material help which it is able to offer ; it foreshadows in the future far larger possibilities than we can dream of in the present; it has its peculiar significance at at time when the relations with the mother country have been, us we all know, strained to uneasiness and dissatisfaction and men had begun to ask with deep anxiety what bond of unity could be found for the ever- growing extension of the English Empire. It is an expression of loyalty; but it is more it is a stimulation title of that from which it springs. It is proverbial, and characteristic of the highest aspect of human nature, that mt n love best those for whom they have been able to do that; it is certain that to hnvoinddea sacrifice for the old country Will strengthen the spirit of loyalty her far more than to have gained any amount of benefit from her. "Blessed," because divine, " it is to give rather than to receive" That lo) ally, moreover, my brethren, when it passes from emotion into thought, will surely yield us another result of priceless value. Must it not stimulate in the minds and hearts of all a certain largeness of idea and aspiration beyond the narrower limits of colonial interests and colonial life ? We are claiming now our place in bearing (the burden - a burden which, heavy though it be, is yet a privilege-of the great mission, the vast responsibilities laid upon the English race. It cannot be for nothing that God has given us a world-wide commerce; has suffered us to girdle the earth with settlements, de- pendencies, colonies, and so to extend beyond all example our English Language, and! thought, and institutions ; has granted to England to be not only a queen of subject races, but a mother of free nations, with whom must rest much of the world's destiny in the future. All God's blessings, given to the nations whom he chooses, bear some shadow of resemblance to the great covenant of covenants in this, that in them all families of the earth are to be blessed." To be great is to be in a high degree a fellow worker with God for that progress of humanity which, to us Christians, is the working out of God's dispensation in Christ, and the preparing for the consummation of the last day. Rightly to understand this ground- is itself an education in all that is in a 'V and noble, sons in all that is of humility and faith in God. The bold step which is now being taken, whatever else it may being forth, must be a now start in this high education. Surely it" well for us that so it should be, is not violation of necessity Ihn tendency, almost the condition, of colonial life P As the pioneers of a future civilisation go out into the solitude of the untrodden bush, and each man or band of men has to concentrate on the struggle to exist and to subdue nature all thought and energy BO also it is in some degree with each colony as a whole under the overwhelming pressure of work and enterprise necessary for entering on the great territory which as yet is hardly more than a contrast with occupation. But it is not good that this narrow concentration of idea and interest should rule. It. in will to realise vividly what all acknowledge as a commonplace in theory, that in the great body of the LnulMi race "if one member . suffer all members butter with it." If the central wax feeble, the languor of circulation would be felt in the most distant limbs. It is well to know that, as on the watchfulness and bravery of each soldier the safety of an army may at any moment depend, so the action of even the smallest English settlement may tell on the great mission of the English race. It is well to be practically convinced that, under whatever method, that mission can only be rightly fulfilled by the united energies of all the communities in which the English tongue is spoken. And yet one other meaning we may safely read in the occasion which brings us here to-day, It is the need and glory of voluntary devotion and self sacrifice for the country in which God has given me place. Alone among the nations of Europe, England Bill relies on voluntary service for the forces which have almost to garrison a wild. Here the service which is to be rendered is doubly voluntary, not only in general but for this special work. It is, to my thinking, in this willingness to endure hardship, to defy danger, to break ties which are , dear, to Uce death itself, that the truest glory of the enterprise lips. God grant that thisi- pititmay never be quenched among UB, for the day of its extinction will be the eve of national death ! But let me ask you, my brethren, who form the mass of this congregation, should not that spirit extend far beyond military service P Some evidence of it is asked from you to-day when you are called upon each according to its fullest means to make some real, substantial offering to the Patriotic Fund, which is to provide, OF you know, for wives and children, for widows and orphans, of those who are leaving their dear ones behind at the call of duty. It will be a disappointment may I not say a shame if this great congregation does not rise to-day to the height of their duty and their privilege in this matter. But my question extends far beyond this simple and immediate exemplification of the spirit of self-devotion. Should there not be this willingness for work and sacrifice at home as well as abroad-in poacosH well as in war? If there is one truth which is now being forced on those who held any position of authority It is this, that ever in the nation, and farmers in the Churches, the action of those specially devoted to the service of the community : must be supported and supplemented by the voluntary work of every member of the whole. The battle of life is again no conventional phrase. It is but too obvious that even here, where material advantages exist in abundance, and the grinding poverty and squalor which appeal by their fearful contrast with wealth and luxury and culture, ought to be quite unknown. It is clear there are deadly enemies, moral enemies of our souls, at least as formidable as those who barour path in Egypt-the positive antagonism, of vice and crime, meanness and baseness of every sort the deadly atmosphere, perhaps even more to be dreaded, of idleness and luxury, of selfishness and falsehood, of coldness of all belief, and carelessness of moral and spiritual truth. Oh for men-not a few, but many-to serve as soldiers in the true army of salvation, and to be willing to take some real trouble, to endure some real hardness and weariness, to make some real sacrifice of time and wealth | and labour in the great cause, disdaining the lukewarm con? ventional service, which costs them nothing I would venture to bless them in the name of God, even if they umrshaHhom selves under the banner of humanity ; but I can feel trust and confidence in their full triumph only if they fight under the device of the CrosS. I often listen when the stirring hymn rings through our churches, "Onward, Christian soldier, marching to the war," and I pray for more and more of our young men, especially of those who have the responsibility of knowledge and education, to be enlisted in some active service for God and man, and to know the joy of labour, and sacrifice for the Lord who bought them. These lessons, plain and simple lessons enough, we may surely read for ourselves in the great occasion of this service. And now to you, dear brethren, who are to go forth , from among us, here in the sight of God we bid farewell. to your hands will rest in some degree the honour of the English name, in a higher and closer sense the honour of this colony, which by its present action has challenged for it self a place before the eyes of the world. But in your hands will rest more than honour the opportunity of aiding in the fulfilment of a great mission for humanity and for God. Great is the glory, great the responsibility, of those on whom this is laid. There can hardly be need to speak of bravery in action, of patience and endurance in labour, of ; calmness in danger, of quiet acceptance of duty. It is no vanity to say that from English soldiers these things are looked for as matters of course. But answer me to remind you that more than these, far more, will be required, if the service to which you go is to be fully done. There must be those yet. higher qualities which made up the ideal of the Christian knighthood of old. . There must be the spirit of temperance and purity, which is the one secret preservation of your own higher nature. There must be, in relation not only to your comrades, but to those enemies, free and gallant enemies, against whom you are to fight, the spirit of generosity, righteousness, mercy, which is the truest chivalry of the soldier. There must be, if you would have the highest and mightiest strength, the spirit of faith consecrating your warfare, as the red cross which marked the knight of old still shines in the banner of England feeling a Divine strength, recognising a Divine call ; knowing that, whether in life or in death, your soul is in the keeping of God, and that nothing can pluck it from His hand. It was this highest inspira- tion (as you know which was the in most strength of that heroic life brave and noble beyond the ordinary standard ! of nobleness, loving and loved, trusting and trusted, in relation to all among whom he moved-over whom, it is not too much to say, that all civilised humanity mourns. It is in those that now he has passed to a higher life through the gate of what the world calls death, God grant that something of his spirit may spread through the hearts of those who go to finish the work for which he died ! So, insensibly from the words of farewell we glide at last to that with which we began to that utterance of prayer Which I ask you to remember will rise again and again for you in our churches and our homes when you are traversing the silent BOY, toiling on the march, watching at your posts, or plunging into the battle. is Finally, brethren pray for UB," are the words which rise always to the lips of Christians in the hour of parting for they believe, with our great living poet, that " more things are wrought by prayer than the world wrote of," and that by it, beyond all other means, " the great world," in all its confusion and turmoil and for row is yet " bound by golden chains around the feet of God." Yes, we shall pray for you ; but our \- prayer will be especially that the implied conditions of the text may be realised that the cause of England may be kept clear of ambition and selfishness and vain glory, nerved by the strength of duty, tempered by mercy and consecrated by faith and that you, catching the inspira- tion of such a cause, may be worthy of the name of Christian soldiers, of God's people. For then we know that our prayer for England and for you will rise to God in the peace of heaven and that, not for our sakes, but for the sake of all humanity, and for the sake of the true, Son of Man, who is the Son of God, He will " hear our supplication and maintain our cause." The offertory is to be devoted to the Patriotic Fund. 