Chit-Chat Papers. (From ottrown Correspondent;.) Melbourne, Oct. 30. Gebrg£ Augustus Sala, who did not j turn but a very great success in the Ans tralidb, seemB to have got into uiure con genial soil in NewZealand. His writings seem there to -be read with a certain amount of respect by innocent people who never measure the length of them by the column, or speculate on how much three quarters of a yard of the stuff with usual trimmings costs, the enterprising newspaper proprietor who caters amongst i celebrities for his readers. The lectures of C.A.S. seem also to be paying and con sequently the great writer, who came to the: colonies to get a good idea of colonial life, is content to remain on the islands, and not return to Melbourne for what must be considered the greatest and most unique gathering to beseen south of the line. I am told that there is weepiug and wailing in the office of the leading jour nal, for with a liberality which is usual with them, they engaged the lion of the tribe to perform in their celnmns on Cup day*; and the workman does not intend to come. It may be treason to say so, but 1 do not think the public will/be much disappointed.; There are people who can do a very interesting and readable des cription of the Cup, though they do not charge quite so much a yard as the great .special correspondent. People who are a little behind the scenes, are.laugking over tlie action taken by two heads of departments in regard to the establishment °f & rifle range on the true national principle, near Albert Park. The military: , authorities are convinced that the range cain -be established by the : system proposed without causing the least danger <ir Inconvenience to the public living in the neighborhood. The Minister of Lands who-has to be consulted as to granting "a site for the range does net seem to entertain the same notions. Two of the Melbourne journals wrote accounts of the prospects of the new scheme. These were very different. In one the public seemed to be at once placed in possession of the new shooting gallery; in the other the claims of the Minister of Defense were stated to be not likely to be conceded. The department which must grant the. land, in fact, does not appear to properly appreciate the notion of constructing a rifle range for marks men of the raw description generally ob servable amongst volunteers, and with the targets in front of a large population.; Should the Minister of Lands relent, it is considered thata special coroner should be appointed to lire in the vicinity of the bntto. When certain members let themselves loose and orate upon their fellow legis lators, the criticism at times is unplea sant.- The public however, look upon Mr. Gauuaon as having said all that he could say about those who sit on the same benches with him. They do not there fore feel the -same amount of surprise which they might otherwise feel when he takes the guests at a football dinner iuto his confidence, and tells the young men who* have been brought up to revere onr political institutions that most of the members of the Assembly cannot think, and that when they can get through that mental process they cannot dress their ideas in appropriate language. According to the chosen of Emerald Hill there is a great deal-of wood about the heads of members of Parliament. We who were not brought up with the bump of venera tion so large respecting political men, quite believe him, but the criticism would come with more grace from an outsider. The part of-Ishmael seems a congenial one to the honorable member. No one who heard Mr. Berry's reply to the Geelong " water supply deputation will donbt for a moment that the honorable member's independence has increased .with-his conservatism; He is now pre pared to wait with patience so as to have a proper scheme for the town well ma tured, and inasmuch °as there is a good Tan Yean supply at East St. Kilda, is in a favorable position for setting a good example. -.The deputation appeared to be a little more anxious, and ! shotild not be.; surprised to see another deputation make its appeareuce on the ere of the general elections—a sort of Banquo's ghost. The 'whole community are- deeply in debted to Mr. Shackell for having brought before Parliament his very crude idea for restoring a healthy, tone to. the Victorian marriage market. I. do npt mean that his idea.is of. any intrinsic value, but it uas, furnished a. topic for conversation and discussion in every grade of society^ and to that extent we should -feel grateful to Mr. ShackelL Some persons, dissatisfied with imparting their-views: on the subject to the narrow circles of their acquaintances have taken the public into their confidence by writ ing to the papers,, and no doubt the public; would have been very much edified had some of the precious epistles been embalmed in; printer's iuk. The prevalent tone ■ of the discussion has been one of mntual recrimination, the ladies abasing the gentlemen.of selfishness, and the gentleineu charging, the ladies with, vanity and extravagance. Some critics accused the parents with; impro perly teaming the girls, and upon this point much argument was brought to bear. It was said that the girls shoald be taught to cook,.and Sew and darn and mend, and in fact to become accomplished '* maids of-' all work," but; who were to be the teachers was hot'- mentioned. It was taken for -granted that the 'mothers were exemplary instructors in all these branches of domestic training ; but, as a matter of fact,rh6w comparatively few mothers there are who can prepare a.wholesome meal or make a comfortable garment. There has always been a great deal of attention directed "towards " the elevation of the working man," as it is called,, and our paternalgovernment has in many ways— by schools of;mines and technological in struction of various descriptions—endea vored to further this project. Our mil lionaires too* have somewhat ostenta tiously given large sums for the establish ment of a Working Mens' College, but none has given even a thought to the pro vision of adequate means for the graining of women id household duties. There is j an undying fame awaiting the man who ; will establish, or be the means of estab- i lisbing a school of cookery and domestic economy in Victoria, and he will render bis adopted country a greater service than will any party politician, and will earn the gratitude of posterity even to the third and fourth generations. ■. . That a bitter jealousy exists between New South Wales and Victoria is un deniable, but in some respects even Vie ntiane can recognise the advantages pos sessed by the another colony, and no doubt when a suitable occasion arises there will be found magnanimous " gum BUckers" who Wjflf^iiot be tooiproud to ac cept a lesson' from the "corn-stalks." During the recent elections in New South' Wales it came to the knowledge Of several of the; Returning officers that dead men and absentees* had apparently recorded theif Votes ; consequently a rigid scrutiny ; of the voters was instituted, and one wa» caught tripping. Upon being charged with personation, he naively admitted that , he " was voting for a Mend ; who was not able to be present at the election." Criminal proceedings hare been institu- 1 ted, but no doubt a Victorian would1 manage things better, and avoid being < detected. When Mr. -Bernhard Smith, the police magistrate at -Alexandra, died, an ap parent flaw was discovered in the Public Service Act, by which the most eligible persons to fill the vacancy, the clerks of courts, were excluded, That difficulty, however, has been overcome, and the position has beeu offered to Mr. J. O'Meara, the Clerk of Courts at Sand- ; hurst, but as that gentleman's salary will not be increased by the change, and the duties of the new position would entail mnch travelling on horse back, it i3 very doubtful whether Mr. O'Meara will ac cept the appointment. 'Mr. Bell, the Clerk of Courts at Belfast, is mentioned as the officer to succeed Mr. O'Meara. i These appointments appear to have been i made solely for the purpose of rectifying ' two anomalies by which a third class j officer receives second class pay, and a , fifth class officer receives third class pay. That anomalies should exist in the Civil Semes will surprise no one, but that the I officers should be moved about like knights on a chessboard, without regard to special fitnesB, and merely to rectify anomalies, is itself an anomaly which should be recti fied. I shall await with some curiosity the explanation which the M'Eachernifces, in the Melbourne Presbytery will doubtless afford of the contrast between the Hos pital Sunday collections at the Scots Church of this and previous years. -The difference between £196 10s 4d and £33 16s 8d is truly remarkable. Of- course it is too much-to expect that anyrefererrce will be made to the overflowing con gregations and the magnifLe^t donations «f £337 18s 6d at the Town Hall on the same occasion, bat it must be as-gali and worm wood to those whose religious standards are most truly expressed by the signs " £ s d." to see that the youngest of the churches—" the church of Australia," as it is somewhat presumptuously termed— heads the Hospital Sunday list. There are followers of Messrs Reutoul and McEaehern who will, very probably, ascribe the large collection at the Town Hall to " vain glory," against which all true Christians are warned ; bnt the Rev. Mr. Reutoul must himself guard against feeling pride in the £302 2s 3d, which the services in the Toorak Church netted. It is said, however, that this was to a certain extent " foreordained," as several of the leading members of the church had ex pressed their determination to fill the breach, which was anticipated, owing to the defection of a large section of the Scots Church congregation from the Pres byterian ranks. Taken as a whole, Mel bourne and its suburbs are to be con gratulated upon the magnificent result of ; the day's collection. It has ofteu been alleged against the Secularists that their philanthropic ac tivity might be set down as nil, but the collections in aid of the hospitals at Mr. Jos. Sytne's " services " last Sunday were fully up to the average of any orthodox conventicle of a similar siie. It should be remembered, also, that In addition to the £52 12s 4£d collected, a charge of Is each for admission to the hall was paid, and as from 400 to 500 persons were pre sent £20 or £25 has to be added to the above amount to arrive at the total dis bursement of the congregation. 