A Splendid Susiness. (Sydney Bulletin.) IF the spirit of the noble Gordon could i evisit the earth and observe the situa tion created by the tidinss of his death, no Fanshee sdirifk would be louder than the wail of lamentation which the horror stiicken ghost would-? utter. As we-do not profess, like the priestly paste, to know the-secrets of the great Hereafter, vie may exjilaiu whence wfc derive the confidence with which we ascribe par ticular emotions to the wraith of Gordon. We sinij.ly reason by deduction. We deduce the probable sentiments of Cordon, dead, from the ascertained s'litimeuts of Gordon, living. The j3ritish nation is stiiTed to its heart's core by the de*th of perhaps the noblest man which *Ub nation, in all its long and splendid history, has produce*1. And, b?in<; so stirred, even to the extremities here . in Jar Australia, what , Is it that the vnoui ning crowd propose ? 'Jo avevge Gordon! Say we not truly that the wraith of the soldier- martyr; would groan over tbe fearful mistake. Vengeance for Gordon's death. Well might Sir Thomas Strickland refer to the anlap^1Bo|^pffie as *' Sarac CbriBtiahmeJ, smitten with a shatnfeful enthuBiasra, which they imagined to be vii toons ar 1 noble, flocked to the Syrian deserts i o slaughter Saracens for the love of Chris >. When wo see and hear around us the cries of wrath and the shoute of dera tion-the ^marshalling of fighting men and riift embarkatioa of the jnachinety of destructi(«-it see ins as though we were back in «$ark ages, and that the im passionedfoice of Peter the Hermit were ringing in our ears. Across Elemental virion of a number of the people, of Australia emotion has east a veil. They hare ceased to be reason ing creatures. They permit themselves to be impelled by a sentiment, excellent in itself, but., like even the noblest senti ment-love of God-liable to frightful perversion. We believe we shall not be contra dicted by even the most frantic of the enthusiastic crowd, when we offer the, ^following as an analytical definition of the sehtitb'erifcs which Tiave wrought up the fighting fever. The Government and its sympathisers in this matter, and the aictnal volauteers for' service, hare tendered to the old. country the support of' a military contingent, because the dear old couutry needs ^ help- because it. is desired,to give ^practical expression to Australian lovalty. Our soldiers go, and our capitalists open their purses because their bosoms swell with patriotism, A n admirable sentiment. But, great heavens, does no man pause to think % Is no one among these emoticn-tossed zealotsi;. spired to view the reverse of the shield % If it be noble -and elevating for Britons in Australia to offer their lives and Jtfaeir fortunes (nobody has has yet done tl.e latter) for their mother country's sake, ::s it not noble aud elevating also for the Arabs of the Soudan to lay down the r lives and fortunes for the love of their mother country ? Granted" that the tender and accept ance of a '.contingent from New South Wales will cement tbe affection between the mother country and Australasia, is it well that affection should be cemented with innocent blood--»ye, the blood cf patriots I Patriotism ! that noble word has been, ^during tha past fortnight, written in tinsel, and flaunted as aa advertisement foi 41 enterprising " firms. Of what quality is this patriotism wit'a which, as with a flapper, men have been patting themselves on the back, whpn compared with the patriotism of the poor savages we go forth to help to slaughter and pass under the yoke f Let the matter be looked calmly in tb? face, and the hollowness of the whole business is at once apparent. In the first place, the dear old country is not i 1 lack of our help. Such as it is, its acceptance Was qnite fortuitous and was plainly attributable to politic motives .altogether remote from any Soudau question, or -any military necessity. That the incident has warmed up the somewhat chilly relations be tween New South Wales and ths old country as indubitable, and .&= an advertisement its value is pro bably incalculable. But we probabl r granted too much when, a few sentences back, we hypothetic&lly; conceded that the affair will cement the affection bi | tween the mother country and Austra lian colonists in general. It alreadj threatens to leave the colonists of Vic toria morose and affronted, and cousp-, quently to operate more powerfully t > create obstacles than to accelerate ;i federation of the Empire either in senti ment or in organic form. What is it that. the citizen-soldiers cf New South Wales go forth, amidst cheers and emotion, to aid? Had it been the rescue of Gordon, it would, have been a mission, indeed. Buc Gordon is dead. To fight the Soudanese, then. A noble enterprise, trnly! I s the great heart of Australia moved by the Conception of assisting to crush the - resistance of a brave and devoted peopl -; against invasion and subjugation 1 Surel - not. The great heart of Australia doe; not pulse in this enterprise at a)L Tt i -- the smaller vessels only which bcal. Once more let us review the situatio i into which, uninvited, we are impelle: by Mr. Dal ley's impulsive* nature an 1 the excitability of tbe thoughtless. Li ; us trace the trouble from its commence ment. T-he people of Bpypt, plundered: and oppnessed by Turkish satraps, who, had handed them over to be squeezed by tbe usurers of the European bourses, resolved to change the form .or: Government-which, in lieu of protecting them, operated as an instrument of foreign spoliation. lied by the patrio': Arabi-who staked his life on the issur a very different kind of patriotism frori that of which offers a thousand a year cf. superfluous wealth-they had accom plished, without bloodshed, their revolu tion, when the naval forces of the nations whose money-lenders had ground then interfered. Confusion and liot ensued. The British fleet, which, like Cou* bet's French squadron at Fooclio»v. had in time of. peace taken u;> a position which rendered to; pedo defences unavailable, bon baided their maratiine capital and ils incomplete defences. Great Britain surrounded the paltry Tewfik, who ha l shown himself prepared to retain his place as the servant of his people, if no better might be, with a hedge of bayoneti, and ordeied him to recall bis old evil,iin patriotip advisers. The Egyptians, to a man, supported Aabi, who took th » field for the liberties of the people. Th v un warlike race, emasculated by centurit; of oppression and slavery, fled before tli s British battalions; and the wretch ei Tewfik distributed " honors" and deec rationsAmong the foreign conquerors qf the people lie stonld have died to pre- j j&om; their hands. So miserable ft "^Ir is he that even now his masters taJBof dismisslog him, as tgfeJEeejiUB, ei^i for his billet of bailiC 4|®j|BGo®f. eminent o£ Egypt thus fell into J^ritjsb; hands. But before the rising of Arabi the Khedives had hungered after more people to squeeze for the sake of the commission they would retain as the usurers' agents. Jsmael bad over run the Soudan. The garrisons of Tewfik were still in that half-conquered country. And a. Savioar had. .arisen, against whom an army -of Egyptians, led by an Englishman, holding a General's rank in the Khedive's service was, marching. The Saviour destroyed that army, and killed its mercenaty leader. ! Desirous, too tardily, of repairing, or at least of limiting the original crime and | blunder of crushing a national re&rma-; j 1 tion, the Liberal Cabinet of Mr. Gladstone announced a policy worthy of1 the enlightened principle of its great chief. It would extricate the Egyj£Lui; Harrisons, and permit the Soudane^ to work out their own. jsedmeption, as a preliminary to, leaviqg to the Egyptians; a: similar opportunity. Bat if3 jni pursuance of this, and in addi tion to it, something might be accomplished to assist the Soudanese to establish a stable and organized Government, it would be well. Gordon, former Governor of the Soudan, devoted humanitarian, and totally nn-l selfish, appeared the man to combine both objects. He accepted the task, and carrying, from the hour be entered the desert, bis life in his hand, he penetrated I lo Khartoum, the central focus of the 1 compromised garrisons. He tad reckoned upon the influence and 'affection created for him by the beue&cence; and vigor of his former rule in these regions. Nor bad he reckoned without reasonable i grounds Alone, and with a bag*# gold, he was able to gather round uim a body of devoted adherents. Bat; he hid under estimated one opposing influence. Superstition and sentiment lent to the pretentions of the Jlahdi-the Messiah1 -an influence wbich the personal pres : tige of 'Gordon was inadequate to eonnterict. He found: himself unable ! -to extricate the garrisons, and in lieu i | of being able to ' - organize any ! form of Government ataibng the I Soudanese, he was isolated with the little band whom his extraordinary personal magnetism attached to jbim, and' restricted -to holding with difficulty, a: siugle city. In lieu of extricating the' Egyptian garrisons, he himself became in need of rescue. The Soudanese, led j by their native Messiah, preferred tc accomplish their liberty by their own methods. They forgot that Gordon had i been the most beneficient ruler their j country had ever known, and remem-1 bered only that he was an Englishman the representative of those infidels who i held the true believers of'Egypt by the throat, while greedy hands extorted from them plunder, in the shape of oppressive taxation. They fought Gordon like' heros. 1 hey conquered him like-great generals. That is to say, what they could not accomplish "by force they gained by fraud., When the city was entered' Gordon was slain. It was a soldier's death. The man who betrayed him deserved punishment. The foes who slew him deserve none. | His death closed an episode. His mission was to give p°aee to the Soudanese, not war. If they, in their , folly, slew him, is vengeance what the circumstances require? We can, in the spirit, catch the - last rnurnmrs of his, paling lips, as he falls tinder the bnllets of the people for whom he had sacrificed his lite. They were old words, feuhfliar ; £0 Gordon, and we think not unlifeely to j have employed his last breath. "Forgive them, for they know not what they do!" \ But no 1 Tarantara! ®* Ciy havoc, and ? let slip the dogs .of war!" New South Wales to the rescue! Look at our Loyalty! please to admire our Patriotism- (patented, any imitation by other people will be prosecuted). " A 'thousand- a-year to the^patriotic fund for crushing potriots." God l»less our fl*g- ., God bless our troops. God bless tb« war. God bless the devil broken loose among us ! Let's go and help kill some , Arabs of the Soudan. It is noble sport. They fight (for their countiy, their liberty, and their religion-but no matter) like tigers, and with just about the same sort of weapons tand the same chance of getting the best of us. Now and again a bold sportsman falls under their claws; but only euough to give the spice of risk requisite to make the game exciting. Oh ! it is an inspiring incident. It is a gratifying and heart-warming chance that the first occasion "in which Australian colonists practically evinced, their sympathy with the mother country is whfen opportunity occurs o! joining heart and soul in an iniquitous war against a people who have sought no quarrel . with England, and are simply endeavour ing to shake off the yoke of that - miser able Tewfik, whom our Government pro pose to dismiss as (too mean a creature even for a " main in possession." We will conclude with a sentiment, and any body who does pot like.it may lunip it. B is not ''God bless our troops,^ nor " God save the <$aeea," nor " God ptos psr our arms." It is. simplyGod help the Right." Sounds " unpatriotic" when you come to think of it-dosen't it, now? 