PETIHERICK'S PERIL': (1U1 E. TV, T7onRon, is Boston 'outh's* C6ompisnfon.) EACil story of the Shelton':Cotton Factory is fifteen feet betwoon floors; there are seven such over the basement, and this rises six foot above the ground. The brick walls narrow to eight inches as they ascend, and form a parapet rising above the roof. One of the timekeeopors in the factory, Jack Hardy, a you'ng man about my own ago, often runs along the brick wall, the practico giving: him a singular delight that has seemed to inciease with his proficiency in it. Having boon a clerk in the works from the' beginning, I have frequently used the parapletfor a footpath, and although lthere was a sheer: fall of one hundred feet, to.the ground, have done it with ease and without dizziness. Occasionally HIardy and I have run races on the opposite walls, an oxorcise in which I was invariably beaten, because I became timid with increase of pace. o' ioelessly' distanced' last Wednesday, while the men were off at noon,'I gave up midway, and looking down, observed the upturned face of an old man, gazing at' mo with parted lips, wide eyos, and an expres sion of. horror so startling that Linvolun tarily stopped down to the bricklayers' platform inside. I' then saw that the apparently frightened spectator was Mr. Petherick, who has boon for some weeks paymaster and factotum for the contractors. "What's the matter, Pethoriok ?" 'I'callod down. He made no answer, but, walking off rapidly, disappeared rounid the mill. Curious about hia domeanour, I'descended, and after some little sooeeing, found' him smoking alone. "You quite frightdned mie just ioow, Pothoriok," said I. " Did you think I was a ghost ?" tNot just that," he replied, sententiously. '"Didi you oxpect me to. fall, then ?" I inquired. "Not just that, either," said ho. Tiho old man was clearly disinclined to talk, and apparently much agitated. I began to joke him about his lugubrious expression, when the,ooe, o'clock boll rang and he shuffled off hastily to another quarter. Though I puezled a .while over ithe incident; it'soon passed so entirely from my mind that I was surprised when,,passiug ]?otherick in the afternoon, intending to go aloft,,he said, as I woent by :. ' "Don't do it again, Mr. Ms razer " ".Whait?.. I stopped. " That I " he retorted. !"Ohi I ou meanm running on the wall," said'I. "I mean going on it- at all I ho ex. claimed;. His earnestness was: so, marked tliat' 'I'concived .a strong intorest· in its cause.: SI'il makeo a bargain , with you, Mr. Peteiiril?.: If youteoll me :why you advise me, I'll give the thing up." S". one I" said he. " Come' to my cot tags this :evening, anid I'll toll you a stradige adventure of my own, though perhaps you'll only laugh thatt it's, the reason why it silons' meo to' see you fooling up' there." Petheriek was ready to 'talk when Jack and I sat down on his doorstop that' eveniug, and immediately lauinched into the following :; a I -wan bomrn and grow to manhood near the' highl cliffs of the coast of: Cornwall. 1Millions ofsoea-fowls make.their nests along the,. faceo of . those .waveworn precipices. My .companions and. I used to get., much 'oeiitement, and slmetimoes 'a good deal of pooklt?imoney, by' taking 'their eggs. One of us, pilacing his'foot `in ;:loopi at the and of it fopo, and talkingug good grip with his hains,\,vould be lowerId by the, others to tlicinost. ,' 'WiVhen hoe had' his. basket full,; th'ly'd ,hatilliim up,, and another would go: down. W01l?", ni;i ' afternoon 'I tliis' wont dangling o,.ffThey'paid out about alihundid foot of: rop before I touchled the lodge and let go." " What lodge ? " asked Jack. ;' Oh;" said P?othrick, after a pause, "I: oo, ? it will be troublesome to make you' :underistand the situation." Then, after ro. fleotilig for some momounts '',Xeou ' must know that most of the cliffs along that coast overhang the sea. At :many points one could drop six hundrod 'feot:into the sea, and thouen be forty or fifty 'footfroiu the base of the rook he left, The coaqst i'sdopoed under by the waves, But in some places the cliff wall is as though it ,had been eaten away by seaons onc running onu highor levels. There will be an ovoer hanging coping; thon, some hundred foot ':down, a ledgo sticking out farther than that of theo. top; under that lodge all will be scooped away. :In places there are throoe or foiur such lodges, each projecting further than ,itlios above. Those lodges used to fall away occasionally, as they do yet, I am told, for"the ocean is gradually devouring that ioast. Wheore they did not project fI artlieiu"tlin, the upper coping, one lad oild sviilig like a ponidulun on the rope, .itiiid gotnoi the rook, if not too far in, then :puiit a' iokblr on' the loop to hold it till his c:1rtuirn :Wheloln it lodgeo did projoct so that, rono could drop on it, he hauled down some 'slack, aid left the ropo hanging." id Ttith'wiind ovor blow it off ? " asked .!Sbldoin and' noever out of reach," said :tlie old: inu. "'Well, the ledge I roached .oas liket this (illustrating with his hanuds). It ;:s some ton foot wideo; it stuck out mnaybdsdnio six foot farther than theo cliff Stop; the o rook wall w'nt up pretty near r.:eprpemdioular, till near tho coping rt, )theo . giround, but below thle lodgeo the clif's face : a: ;,: soi scooped away that theo sea, live :: hi..undred foot below, ran in under it nigh fi :ftny foot. A.:-::' s I wout down, thousands of birds e: s ros from tihe jagged plaecs of the precipic, c,):,aircliug aroundl meo with harsh sceanls. 'B.:iSoon touching the ledge, 1 stepped from the ::..loop, and, drawing ldown a little slack, : alked oil brishly. For fully a quart er of a m;.:;liile the loedge ran along theo clifl"s fLaoo : almost as level aud oven in width as that sidewalk. I remember fancying that it e;a:,'loped outward moro than usual, but instantly dismulissed the notiton, thongh G'afflr iiontreath, the oldest 1mIan iin that country side, used to .tell uis that we should notot gt tho use of thle ledo always. I1t . had beeni as steady in our time as iiin hisl grandfathor's, ai:id wie only laughed :at his prophoecies. 'Yet the llaco of an oll tilled fissure wVii mirked by a' linoif it'gies, by tufts of weds ndil sml?ill hdlilie.;, strOetclhing illong as far n:; th ledge iltself, and within a foot or so of the cliff'l face. '`Eggs were not so many as usual, and I went a ;ong piece from my rope before turning, back.. Then I: noticed the very strange conduct of the hosts of sea- fowls below. Usually there were hundreds, but now there were thousands on the wing, and instead of darting'forth in playful motions, they seemed to be wildly excited, screaming shrilly, rushing out in terror, and returning in masses 'as though 'to alight, only to whotl in dread, and kootp the air in vast clouds. " Th'e weather was beautiful, the sea like glass. At no, great distance two large brigs, and nearer a small yacht, lay. be-. calmed, heaving' on ' th. long :'illows. 'I could look down her cabin stairway almost,, and it seeoomed seroely more than ', long' leap to her dock. "Puzzled by the singular conduct of the sea-birds, I soon stopped, and set my back against the cliff to 'reit while "wateh ing them. ' The -day was deadly still and very, warm. " I remember .taking ;off; my cap and wiping the sweat from my' face and forehead with my sleeve; ' While doing this, I looked down involuntarily to the fissure at my feet I Instantly my blood almost froze with horror I There was a distinct crack betweeoon the inner edge of the fissure and the hard-packed, root-threaded soil with which it was filled. Forcibly. I pressed back,. and in a flsh looked along the ledge. The fissure was widening before my eyes, the rock before ine seemed sinking outward, and with a shudder and a groan, 'and a roar, the whole long` platform fell orashing to .the sea. belowi I. stood on the margin of rock scarce a foot wide, at my back a perpendicular cliff, and fivo hiundred feet below the 'ocpean, now almost' hidden bly tho "ast concourse of wheeling and affrighted birdsr. "'Can you believe that my first sensation was one of relief? I stood safe 1 Even a fooling of interest hold me forsome moments. Almost coolly I observed a long and mighty wave roll:r:out from' beneath. It went forth a high, crling orest--a: solid wall of water. It struck.the yacht stern-on, plunged dowin on hir' 'deck,ol,,siashed' through her deep swell of sail, and"sivwpt her out of sight forever, ': " Not till then did my thoughts dwell on my own position ;' not till then did I com prehoend its' hopelessness I Now my eyes closed convulsively, to shut out the abyss down which my glance had fallen; shudder ing, I pressed hard again the solid wall at my back; an appalling cold slowly crept through me I My reason struggled against a wild desire to leap; all the demons of despair whispered to me to make an instant end. In imagination I had leaped I I felt the swooning helplessness of falling, and the cold, upward rush of air. " Still I pressed hard. back against the wall of rook, and, though nearly faint from terror, never forgot for an instant the death at my foot, nor the utter danger of the slightest motion. How long this weakness lasted I know not; I only know that the unspeakable horror of that first period has come to meoin waking dreams many and many a day since ; that I have long nights of that deadly fear; that to think of the past is to stand again on that narrow foot hold, and to look around on the earth is often to cry out with joy that it widens away from my feet." The old man paused long. Glancing sidowise at Jack, I saw that his face was pallid. I myself had shuddered and grown cold-so strongly had my imagination realized the awful experience that Petherick described. " Suddenly," said the old man, "those words flashed to my brain: ' Are not two sparrows sold foi a farthing ? And one of them shall not fall to the ground without your Father. Fear not, therefore ; yo are 'of more valuho than many sparrows' lMy faculties so strained, I seemed to hear the words. Indeed, often yet 1 think that I did truly hear a voice utter them very near me, "Instantly hope arose, consciously dos poerate indeed, but I became calm, resource ful, capable, and fooling unaccountably aided. Careful not to look down, I opened my oyes and gazed far away over the bright sea. The rippled billows told that a light outward breeooo had sprung up. Slowly, and somewhat more distant, the two brigs moved toward the horizon. Turning my head, I could trace the narrow stone of my footing to where my rope dangled, perhaps throe hundrod yards distant. " It seemed to hang within easy reach of the cliff's face, and instantly I resolved and as instantly proceeded to work towards it. No time remained for hesitation. Night was coming on. I reasoned that my com rades thought me killed. They had probably gone to view the now condition of the precipice from a lower station, and on their return would haul up and carry off the rope. I made a move toward it. Try to think of that journey ? " I nodded to him silently. " Shuffling sidowiso very carofully, I had not made five yards before I know that I could not continueo to look out over that abyss withonut glancinig down, and that I could not glance down without losing my senses. You havo the brick line to keeoop eyes on as you walk along tho factory wall; do you think you could move along it erect, looking down as you would have to ? Yet it is only ono hunidred foot high. Imnagino live moro such walls oe top of that, and you trying to movo sidewise---incapablo of lohsing your eyes, forced to look down, from end to end, yes, threeoo times farther I lmlagine you've to go on or jump ofTl Would you not, in an octasy of nervous agitation, filll to your knuoes, got down face first at full longth, clutch by your hands, Sand with shut eyes fool your way ? I longed Ito lie down and ihold, but of course that was impossible." " Still there was a wall at your baclk," obsorved Jack. " That mado it worse. The cliff seemed to press outward against me. It did, in fact, incline very slightly outwvard; it seemed to be thrusting me off. Oh, tite horror of thalt sonsation I Yonr toes on thle edge of a preooipico, and the imnplacable, calm mountain apparently weighing you slowly forward," heads of sweat broke out over his whito face at the hiorror hlie lhad called before him. Wiping his lips norvously with the back of his flnd, and looking askatiL, as at tlheo lnalrrow pathway, 11o pauseid himg. I saw its cruel eIodge andU the dark gleams of its nhabysmal water, "I know," he resumed, " that with my back to the wall I could never reach the rope. I could not face toward it and step forward, so narrow was the lodge. Motion was perhaps barely poesibic that way, but the breadth of uy shoulders wvould have forced me to lean somewhat more outward, and this I dared not miid could not do. Also, to see a solid surface before me became an irresistible desire. I resolved to try to turn round before resuming tie desperato journey. To this I had to nerve myself for one steady look at my footing. " In the depth below the myriad sea-fowl then rested on the black water, which, though swelling more with the rising wind, had yet an unbroken surface at some little distance from the precipice, while farther out it had begun to jump to white- caps, and in beneath me, where I could not see, it dashed and churned with a faint, pervading roar that I could barely distinguish. 3Bo fore the descending sun a heavy bank of cloud had arisen. The ocean's surfico bore ?that appearance of intense and angry gloom that often heralds a storm, but save the deep murmur going out from below my porch, all to my hearing was deadly still. "Cautiously I swung my right foot before the other and carefully edged around. For an instant, as my shoulder rubbed against the rook, I felt that I must fall. I did stagger in fact, but the next moment stood firm, face to the beetling cliff, my heels on the very edge, and the now sensation of the abyss behind me no less horrible than that from which I had with such dilliculty escaped. I stood quaking. A delirious horror thrilled every nerve. The skin about my ears and neck, suddenly cold, shruink. convulsively. "Wild with fear, I thrust forward my head Against the rook and rested in agony. A whir and wind of sudden wings made moe conscious of outward things again. Then a mad eagerness to climb swept away other feelings, and my hands attempted in vain to clutch the rock. Not daring to cast my ]head backward, I drew it tortoise- like be. tween my raised shoulders and chin against the precipice, and gazed upward with straining of vision from under my eyebrows, " Far above the dead wall stretched. Sidowise glances gave me glimpses of the projecting summit coping. 'There was no fear in that direction. But tihe distraction of scanning the cliff-side had given my strained nerves some relief; to my memory again returned the promise of the Almighty and the consciousness of H-lis regard. Once more my musocls became firm-strung. " A cautious stop sidowiso made me know how much I had gained in ease iand security of motion by the change of front. I mado progress tlat seenmed almost rapid for soue rods, and even had exultation in my quick approach to the rope. 1lenco came freeoo dom to think how I should act on reaching it, and speculation itas to how soon my com rades would haul mo up. " Thoue thile idea rushed through me that tlhey might oven yet draw it away too soon; that while almost in my clutch it might rise from my hands. Instantly all the teorrors of my position returned with teonfold forooe ; an outward thrust of the precipice seemorned to grow distinct, my trembling hands told ms tlhat it moved bodily toward me, the de scent behind mo took an unspeaikablo remoteness, and from the utmost depth of that sheeoor air seemed to ascend steadily a deadly and a chilling wind. ]But I think 1 did not stop for an instant. Instead, a delirium to move faster possessed mo, and with quick, sidelong stops-my following foot striking hard against that before sometimes on the point of stumbling, stretched out like the erueilied, I pressed in mortal terror along. "Every possible accident and delay was presented to my excited brain. What if the lodge should narrow suddenly to nothing ? Now I believed that my looels were unsup ported in air, and I moved along on tip-too. Now I was convinced that the narrow pathway sloped outward, that tills slope lhad become so distinct, so inreasiungly distinct, that I might at any moment slip oil into the void. But dominating every consideration of possible disaster was still that of the need for speed, and distinct asmid all other terrors was that sensation of the dead wall ever silently andd inoxorably pressing me outward. " My mouth and throat were choked with dryness, my convulsive lips parolled aond arid ; much I longed to press them sagainst the cold, moist stone. 3But I never stopped. Faster, faster-more wildly I steppedo-in ua delirium I pushed along. Thseo suddenly before my staring eyes wias a well-rmeom bored edge of mossy stone, and I know that this rope should be directly bohind me. Was it ? " I glanced over my left shoulder. The rope was not to be sooeen I Wildly I looked over the other. No ropo I .Almighty God I "lBut what 1 Yos, it moves I-it sways in sight !-it disappears --to return again to view I Thoro was thile rope directly at my banck, swinging in the now strong brceezo withr a motion that had carried it away from my first hlurried glances. With the relief tears pressed to my eyes, andi-faoo bowed to the precipice, aslmost forgetful for a little time of the lungry air boneath--I offered thanks to my God for the delivery that sooeenod so Inear." The old man's lips continued, to move, but no sound cusmo from them. We waited silent, while, with closed eyes and boet hosad, Ihe remained absorboie in tlhe recolloo tioii of that strange minutt of dovoutness. "I stood tihere," hio sed eat.'last, "for what niow seoms a space qf ihours, perhaps Ihalf a l siuito ill reality. Thou all tlheo elsances still to bo rsn crowded upon me. 'To tiurn around had bocn an attempt almost desperate bofore, and certainly, most cor tainly, the lodge was no wai oider whore I now stood. Was the rope within reach'2 I foeared not. Would it sway towarrd me. I could hope for that. " But could I grasp it should I bo saved ? Would it not yield to my lmnd-coming slowly down as I pulled, unrolling from a coil abovo, trailing over the ground at tihe top, rinninig fast ias its osid approached tile edge, fslling suddouely at lsit ? Or was it fastioned to tie aicoustomdd staio ? WaTs any colurillo siar who would summon aid at my signal ? .If not, esid if I graspedil it, sand if it Ield, how long lshould 1 swing in thse wind tlist now bore tis frChnosss sand tresors of sn inmminont gale 2 " Now isgais fear took hold on moe, and, as a despeorate man, I prepared to turn my face once more to the vaust cxpannse of wator beyond that awful cliff. Closing my eyes, I writhed, with I know not what motions, easily around, till again my back pressed against the precipice. That was a restful sensation. And now for the de cision of my fiate. I looked at the rope. Not for a, moment could I fancy it within my reach ! Its swayings were not, as I had expected, even slightly inward ; but when falling back against the wind, it swung outward, as though the air was eddying from the wall. " Now I gazed down steadily. Would a leap ie certain death ? The water was of immen!onso depth below. But what chance of striking it feet or head first ? What chance of preserving consciousness in the descent ? No, the leap would be death; hat at least wase clear. " Again I turned to the rope. I was now perfectly desperato, but steady, nerved beyond the best moments of my life, good for an effort surpassing the humau. Still the rope swayed as before, and its motion was very regular. 1 saw that I could touch it at any point of its gyrations by a strong leap. " But could I grasp it ? What use if it were not firmly secured above ? But all this time for hesitation had gone by. I know too well that strength was mine but for a moment, and that in the next reaction of weakness I should drop from the wall like a dead fly. Bracing myself, I watched the rope steadily for one round, and as it returned against the wind, jumped straight out over the heaving Atlantic. "]3y God's aid I reached, tornehed, clutched, hold the strong line. And it hold I Not absolutely. Onco, twice, and again it gave--gave with jerks tlhat tried my arms. I know those indicated but tightening. Then it hold firm and I swung turning in the air, secure above the waves that beat below. " To slide down and place my foot in the loop was the instinctive work of a moment. Fortunately it was of dimensions to admit my body barely. I slipped it over my thighs up to my armpits just as the dreaded reaction of weakness came. Thou I lost consCiousness. " When I awakened my dear mother's faceo was beside my pillow, anid she told me that I had boon tossing for ia fortnight in brain fover. Many weeks I lay there, and. when I became strong I found that I had left my nerve on that awful cliff-side. Never since have I boon able to look from a height or see any other human being on one without shuddering. " So now you know the story, Mr. Frazer, and have had your last walk on the factory wall." HIo spoke truer than lie know. Hlis story has given me such horrible nightmares over since that I could no more walk on thoe high brickwork than along that narrow ledge in distant Cornwall. 