SPORTING. BY " CeraoAu." To-morrow opens the Australian Cup meeting, and with fine ireather a large muster of the public may be expected. The first race of the meeting. is a new one, viz., the. Essendon Stakes, which will be won by Malua or Commotion, to einsure a place for the latter, Plausible will be sent to cut out the running,, s in the'event of Maluait?tapctiig i' nrcemay be expected. TheAscot Val Stakes ought to be won byon. on. J. White's best, with Erie or Dunlop to fill secolid place. The St. Leger ought to find a good field numerically at the post, the best of whom I world take to be .Mozart, David, and Silver King. The big race of the day conies next, the Newmarket Handicap. A very large field will face the starter, which makes it all the'more difficult to pick, and after Learing of wonderful gallops performed by impossible winners, dreuns probable ind improbable' by bad sleepers, and all the thousand and one yarns which are the usual accompailiments of greatevents ,n the, turf, I have arrived at the con clusion that thie winner is concealed in the following half-dozen :-The Ghost, Coningsby,'Proametheus, Sheet Anchor, Anchor, Leporello, and Sir Garnet, and for first, second and third would, place Prometheus, The Ghost, and Sir Garnet. The Brunswick Stakes will be won for the third time consecutively by Anglesey if he tries, and next to him I fancy Conjecture and Duration. The Hopeful Stakes should be . won' by Hlion. J. White's representatire. On Thursday the racig 'commences with the Hurdle Race for which, I like The Agent, Don Quixote and' Sun downer, the Produce Stakes ought to be won by the Hon., Whites best and the Corinthian Cup by Duration or Colstoun. The Australian Cup ?comes next next, I think Wilson's representative will win, with Acolyte and Commotion next best. The Steeplechase is open, I fancy Meruder, Clarence or Trickett. , r. Cox has a meeting on Monday at Moonee Valley, amongst the entries are visitors from ' the sister, colonies which will make the racing of a more than usually interesting character, with fine weather I have no doubt there will be a large attendance. Wyndhain. meeting - takes place 'on Tuesday.' 