CAULFIELD TBAHTXNCI xroTRS. bt "early bird," The weather during the week has been steadily improving, arid, at tbe time of writing, it seems fairly settled down for some fine days. The tracks, on the whole, have been very fair going, tbe brush-harrow end roller having been kept at work ; and, should the present prospects continue, trainers will be very busy from this out. Tbe improve ments being completed, and the finishing touch given to the surroundings, a fine day next Saturday is all that is required to make it a red-letter day in the v.a.t.c calendar. Velocipede, woo seems to attract the most attention, waa on Thursday sent a couple of ronnde, striding aloog over the good por tions of the going, Albanue running home with bim the lest half mile. On Saturday he was treated to a useful round, Mabel Grey accompanying bim tbe last five fur longs. This morning (Tuesday) he galloped once round, doing the beet time of the morning. Albanue and ch&ndos; joined in at different points. Ishmael, who has lately joined &lr.; Beoceve team, has done ueeful work. too Too moved over a mile for serviceable work on Thurady. on Saturday she covered the cup distance, going very freely, and tatiog her rider all he knew (o keep her together. On Tuesday she moved onoe round in fair time for good working gallop. Camerine, Dulcet, and Manxman ii. hare beeu cantering and spurting for four or five furlongs | the latter is filling out. Meer- aobaum has done good work over six furlongs, and is looking big and well. Ditto is loaing a lot of his superfluous flesh by tho judicious application of the blaoket and good work Dog SlaT and Dexlor have been doing mild exercise. Blink Bonny on Thursday and Saturday did strong work over the Cup distance. On tbe last occasion Hippogriff accompanied her eho galloped strong and well, her tiny rider baring aU his work to keep her to her companion. On Tuesday, after her usual preliminary and spurt, ehe galloped one mils and a half with Hipnogriff in fair time. She is looking and going uncommonly well. The Bohemian and Melodious hare both done good, sound work, the latter over six furlongs, and tbe eon of Maribyrnong a mile — be ia iu good form, but, evidently, not a lucky one just now Primus and Gold Top hare also been moving along smartly for fire furlongs, the former is lookiog a lot better, but, being a very excitable gentleman, he loses ib as quick at he gains it. General Jackson, Waverley, and The Stag, have put in some fair work on the sand. The two-year- olds Sweet Marion, Hero goes, and Louise Berta, Have been cantering and spurting. Garibaldi and Solo Mr. Leng has again taken charge of, the former will take some straightening, the latter is' doing good work over five furlongs. Louis is going well over the same distance. Sydney and First Pop have been going along quietly, the former has been bsdly mounted, be rune all over tbe shop when he is asked to go out of a canter. Mozart and Highland Oblef on Thursday, arid Bgata on Saturday, put In a strong mile in compsny, tbe three-year-old on eaoh ooearion apparently having aU the hest of it, the Can bora's finishing the round for good work. ou Tuesday Mozart ran ones ronnd. Highland Chief joining at the mils with the same remit. Virion, on Thursday, strode round a cooplo of times, moving along at intervals. On Saturday, he ran a good five furlongs with lando and Idle Boy. This morning he cantered a round, brushing boms from the turn. Ha will gallop later on. Grace Darling, on Thursday afternoon, pot in a couple of medium rounds. Or Saturday she ran a trfie and a half, j- Williams up. Bonnv Bell going four furionga to the Wf-raile post, woere selim was 'picked up, 'finishing a good serviceable gallop. On Tueaday fbe strode alo oyer the same distance alone for good work. During 'lie week The Ghost and Nuncio put in agood mile. Benny Bell and tbe Lapidist filly cantered aud epurted, the others of this team going steadily. Lord Chancellor, Don Giovanni, and the Maribyrnong— Nea colt hare been brushing along for half a mile in good style, the pick at the trio being tbe Don. He is a raking fine oolt all over— a Maribyrnong Plater, only, unfortunately, not nominated. Mosfi- fsce bss dono some good work over three- quarters, as also has Amos orcr five furlonge. Lady asbton has dono s lot of good sound work, and looks fit and well f he jumping portion of ber preparation not having been overlooked. Freeze-out end the Don Gioranni bone hare put in a lot et good work ib com pany. Another candidate for the small slicks, Bonny Lad, got orer tbe hurdles in capital style for a maiden effort, Prince Regent and Top&il; hare been doing half- pace work i the marquis of w&Urfora; doing Walking exercise. Robiti did ubmri-good serriceable WOhu anfni mnri oaUids th« hnrdlM S!2£? started for Bdlamt on Thudaf'iJ0 arrived. His trainer changed bis ibS-li v a<L s VandeA&t;, with eorcred a JO and for pire—JL djr, »inoe whioh ho on the saod, Emjt quietly . Union Jack h» dsn nwdinm wl . . , in rtnmg. He b . good dreTifV WArfield entered. ""Ptered. Pooping tom, Idle Bo,, and Olonamui hare each done eoad, aoteUs work. Freetrade and a three-je»r-old by Usri> bjrnong hare been treated to useful work in oompany. The Owl: and Oculist are on the quiet tack. Land hoe been etridiog aba, in good atjlo for four or firo fnrlonge. Eiwood and Bindicen, a couple of new arrivals in Mr. J. Griffin' charge, hare been striding along for half a mile. Salvo and Maroney are in Mr. D. Bobin. eon'a earn, and at present are doing mild exercise. > Mr. Kerr' pair, General Gordon and Tbe Sue, . have been usaiM,,- lbs former striding alone for half a mile. Mr. Monagban'e Eagle Grange has arrived, and hoe taken up bis qnartere at the Turf dub Hotel. This morning ho cantered a couple of rounds improvingly. 