The Novelist. Tlie Lady of Lock Anim's Towers. BY CHABLES T. MANNERS: AUTHOB OV ^THB , FIAW IN THE DIAMOND/' "A SILVEB BBAND," *?"*" "THE LOBD OP LYLE," ETC. I CHAPTER VI. (CONTINUED). " As you please, invisible seeress. That may be your Highland fashion for receiving an innocent largesse, given with the kindliest spirit. The coin shall do better work in another direction, despite your churlishness." And he walked back to the outer door and leaned there in a graceful, careless posture. But the bright color had left his cheeks, and his lips were set, as one would not have believed possible to them, in a line of cruel hardness. Jean looked ready to cry, and crept closer to Donald, who showed that he was not a little disturbed at this unexpected turn of their gay adventure. Kenneth Kincaird had hitherto showed little genuine interest, except in the effort to reassure Maude Estabrook. But now he flung back his ? head proudly and strode forward to the centre of the small room. " Seeress-prophetess-whatever you are-do » you forget that even the cruelest Arab in the desert plains is courteous to the guest who crosses the threshold of his tent ? Because a new-comer indulges in a little idle pleasantry on the way, do you deal out your unkind thrusts so ominously ?" "Norna speaks what she sees," answered the rich voice, haughtily. " And there is cruel wrong, and unscrupulous spite, and foul greed quivering all about that gold. Who are you that so boldly rebukes the seeress of Eagle's Crag? Let me look at you, and read your destiny." " Come then, and tell us," answered the artist, still in that proud, repressed voice. " If you are what they say, you will know who I am, and what . I do, and how I shall accomplish the task to which I have set my life." Maude had not realised before that the artist ., was a handsome man. But as he straightened his tall figure, and lifted his shapely head, and stretched out one hand in an imperial gesture, she perce1 ved that he might take a worthy model for a gallant knight, or princely hero, from his own mirror. The others felt it also, and stared at him in vague amazement and alarm. "Alack, alack, Mr. Donald!" whispered the horrified Jock, " why did you bring the strangers here ? What will she not do, what -will she not say, to be BO bearded here in her own house P This is an uncanny beginning for us all. . Now what will she say to sweet Miss Maude ?" There was no time for Donald to answer That instant the black hangings about the rear door- way fell hastily, and the next they were drawn back again, and on the threshold stood a tall majestic figure, whose stately grace of limb and carriage could not all be hidden by the loose flowing folds of black drapery. A grey veil was thrown about the head, and from under it looked , forth a face that could not fail to impress them all powerfully. Even Neil Lockawe forgot his resentment and acknowledged that this was no mimic actress, no cheating charlatan. It was a grand, noble face, but one on which were unmistakable signs of years of sharp pain, of long struggle, of fierce determination. Raging lava of passion and grief had ploughed , across its seamed surface. Frozen hail of pitiless circumstance had beaten in upon that ashen . pallor. If what her weird occupation had com . polled her to look upon had wrought those deep marked lines on the broad brow, around the firm set mouth, had kindled that strange, fierce fire of unutterable pathos in those large, sad eyes, v then what a tragedy had been fed to her day ¡ by day ! Of her age it was impossible to guess with , accuracy. She might have been over 50, yet .¡none would have been surprised to know that she was scarcely 40. What hair was visible under the veil showed plentiful silver threads *'- on close examination, but they blended so well with a peculiarly yellow tint as to readily escape observation. Standing there in the doorway, the mysterious woman faced the waiting group, and those large bright eyes went mutely around from face to face, ' and there was not one which did not give back its testimony of respect and faith. A slow, grave smile warmed the cold pallor of Vi art ia/iQ "Ay," she said, in that rich, vibrant voice, . " Norna is here, and waits your will. Who first ' requires to know of the past or of the future ?" "You were to find a rebuking voice, sibyl. Come, let us hear what you will say to me ?" said ?the artist, trying resolutely to hold his tones cold and calm. Norna flung back her head proudly. A bright glad light broke into the pale, worn face, lending it a "strange fascination beyond mere beauty, as ' she smiled upon him. " To you ? What do I say to you ?" she asked. " Do you think Norna has lost her spell, or that the stars are hiding away from her vision ? I say, L may all the powers of right guard, and guide, and love you !" She stretched forth those long, thin arms, and for a moment laid her hands lightly upon his head. Kincaird started, flushed scarlet to the very forehead, and then grew pale, as he meekly bent * his stately head beneath that tender benediction. " I see the paBt," said Norna, in a rich voice, which rose and. fell like the chanting of a hymn. "It has black shadows; it has thick darkness. Steps stumbling over cruel obstacles, slipping down treacherous pitfalls, but patiently, wearily, yet steadfastly, pushing onward, upward, to the goal ! You have been a hero in earnest endeavor, ."in plödding effort. Behold you shall have a wor- thy reward. I see a radiant bow spanning the black cloud, which is flying, scattering! The golden light will soon flood sea and shore ! You shall have your reward, and the hopes you cherish shall be all fulfilled. The Lord love you and bless you ! Norna has spoken ! Did you think Bhe would not know-you ?" Her hands fell away from hi3 head ; the light died out from the strange, wild face. Kincaird stood with drooping head, his eyes downcast, the firm lips quivering beneath the tawny moustache. It was evident to the most careless of the observers, that he was deeply moved. "Who next ?" asked Norna, coldly. " Will you refuse to give me a fortune, even as I you declined my gold ?" spoke out young Lockawe. " Come, come, Norna, bo generous, true to the noble nature I read upon your face, and repent the peevish resentment of that silly refusal. If, at first, I thought lightly of your powers, I take it back now. I confess that you have impressed me powerfully. I speak many idle words, but try me, and see if I have not a true and tender heart beneath this idle pate of mine. Come, look me through with those wonderful eyes of yours, and give me the verdict." He had in a measure recovered his composure and mastered his displeasure. Hat in hand he stood before her. The smiling, girlish face lifted up frankly to her scrutiny. The piercing eye3 carne slowly to the invited search. It evidently cost her a great effort, for she shuddered, and the long, slim fingers locked themselves together fiercely. " Well," she said, gravely, " I will be just. I will look. But do we find the flowers we choose to take to our homes and hearts growing upon the plant which emits deadly poison ? Do we seek for doves in the den of tho serpent ? There is a deadly slime which I see surrounding you. Out of the atmosphere which you carry with you has come the forked lightning. Shall I not tremble and detest ? Go ; I will be just. I ask the stars further, but your fortune will I not tell to-day." i-i -1 -1.J1-Ü-1.:-l,"""i.1" ""A -rowr,+ She wheeled away trom him abruptly, ana wenn forward to Maude Estabrook, and took in hers the : girl's small, slight fingers. i " It is a dainty hand, and a tiny one," she be- i gan, in a gentle voice. " Yet do I Bee what brave, : grand work it will do. Maiden, the waves that brought you across the wide ocean, the winds that ? wafted you safely, did better than they knew. < The voice of the loch has spoken to you, and your -¡ heart has answered. Henceforward in your hands < lies the spell that shall undo the curse-that shall 1 lift off the cloud-that shall bring the rainbow j and the golden glory. Invisible spirits blessed < you, and whispered of the hope and joy you j brought hither. I need not speak plainer, for you ] understand me now. What is mysterious shall 3 soon be plainly manifested. Have faith and trust, ¡ and all will be well with you. See ! I shall give ] you something to remind you of my words." < She turned swiftly, and went out of the door, ] returning in a moment with a tall glass in her ?< hand, in which floated a bulb, just throwing - out its slender white filaments into the water beneath. " It is like your scarcely realised thought, the ^ hardly recognised germ of what shall speedily ] become living fragrance, visible beauty, if but kindly nourished, and lovingly preserved. Take 1 it with you, and as the flower unfolds, believe in j Norna's prophecy," she said, as she put the glaBS into Maude's hand. And then she swept forward to Jean. ] te Welcome again to Loch Anim, pretty one. { What have I to add to the kind fortune I have already told you twice ? Only this, be not too ¡ easily deceived by merry words and gay smiles. Look closely, and weigh carefully. AU is not j gold that glitters. Old friends are safer than new." Donald put out his hand, with a smile. ( irSee if the snarl is disentangled yet. You . were perplexed by the lines, the last time, you ? know, and could not give me definite word about . the bonny lady I met on the lonely island. See . if another meeting is coming soon, for I am tired of waiting." " Yes, it will be sooner-by a year," answered Norna. "And here is Jock. You may get your [ boat ready, Jock. If you go out around the point . to-morrow you will see the glinting spaikles of the ' leaping fish. There will be a big catch .waiting \ for the nets to-morrow, and they will do well who : set forth in good season." " And so you tell all the fortunes but mine," ] said young Lockawe, resuming, but not without '. effort, his accustomed gay and careless ways. " Well, high and mighty Norna, I think I shall ? survive, for all your unkindness. And I shall find out the fortune all in good time. Nor will it be likely to be better, or worse, for your having re- fused to tell it." Norna never turned her bead toward him as she answered, coldly : "You thought I should call you a butterfly, but I do not. No, nothing as innocent as that. A scorpion rather. ' But go, I have done with you au, and my eagle is impatient to return to me." She made an imperious gesture, and at the same time gave a little sound of the lips, which was evidently a call to her tamed eagle, for as the gentlemen, resuming their hats, passed out of the doorway, the great grey wings came swooping back again, and the bird dropped at her feet. Neil Lockawe had led the way out from the hovel into the pathway, but when the others were well into it he turned suddenly, and ran back to the open door. Norna was standing motionless as a statue. The young man confronted her,, with the blue eye flashing ominously, the soft red lips set into a grim determination. " I came back to say to you, Madam Norna, that no oue holds an idle threat over me. There is method in your madness, that I perceive. You believe, at all events, in your own meaning. I give you that justice. I am coming here again, and I am coming alone, and you shall explain your meaning more clearly." Norna looked at him wildly. Her breath came in shuddering gasps. " Go, go," she ejaculated, hoarsely, wor I shall * forget everything but wbo and wha't you are," " I shall come again, and you shall explain what you mean by that pleasant little suggestion about my coming out of the serpent's den," he repeated again, in a tone almost as fierce as her own. And turning, he ran swiftly down to his companions. Jean Elsimore greeted Neil Lockawe with a pitiful glance, and said, in a whisper : " Oh, why did you go back again ? What can be the matter with Norna to-day ? She was never so strange and unkind before." " Don't let it vex your gentle heart, Miss Elsi- more. Do you suppose I mind the old beldame's whims and vagaries P Oh, indeed, 1 shall try if another day will not change her humor." "Take care what you say, sir !" interposed Jock, in a scared whisper. " Oh, pray be careful, all of you !" Neil Lockawe threw back his graceful head and laughed long and heartily. The musical tones floated up with the breeze to the height where Norna, pale and wan as a ghost, still leaned in the doorway, with the eagle at her feet. She put her fingers into her ears and shud- dered Neil laughed on merrily, mockingly, and chat- tered like a magpie all the way down to the boat. But he had the conversation all to himself, every one else distrait and silent, even after the boat had gHded away from shore and was heading o-allantlv for the Gull's Nest. The artist, with his arms folded on . his breast, and his eyes dropped so that none could read their expression, sat lake one lost in profound reflec- tion. Maude was bending over the side of the boat, watching the rushing bubbles that flew aside from their track, with a dreamy happiness, just touched with awe, gleaming in her soft eyes. Now and then she dropped her hand into the water, and then held it up dripping, and looked at it with a smile ; but she did not speak. She found the silence congenial, and was most pleasantly entertained by her own thoughts. Jean was vaguely disquieted, and not a little resentful that this handsome young gentleman should have been so unkindly received by Norna. She longed to say so, but hardly knew how to manage it delicately and unobtrusively. ; Donald was more disturbed than he cared to be- tray. First, his keen sense of hospitality was deeply outraged, and then an uneasy sense of some mysterious danger threatening them, hovered over him like a nightmare. He had not listened to the firm convictions of these simple Highland people for so many summers without being un- consciously impregnated with some of their faith in Norna's wisdom and clear-sightedness. He hated himself that he began to be conscious of a new dislike and distrust of this latest gueBt, while at the same time all the honor and generosity of his nature assured him that young Lockawe had double claim now upon his cordiality and kind- ness. Ho glanced impatiently around the boat, wishing that some one else would start the con versation. But every face was self-absorbed and abstracted. Even Jock sat bolt upright, his eyes far off on the water, as grimly silent a«! if his garrulous tongue had never formed a sentence. ; " Well," stammered Donald, " it seems t to me that a spell of silence has fallen upon us. '.What is the matter with everybody ?" '.','* "It is Norna's spell," laughed Neil Lockawe, shaking his curly head, and stretching out his hand toward Eaglo's Crag. " Evil spirit, avaunt ! Go back to your grim rock and your screaming eagle. This bright sky and dancing water, and sweet, salt air should not be burdened with your gloomy presence. Our visit to your famous for- tune-teller was not a particularly successful tonic. It seems rather to act bike a wet blanket. But why, I wonder ? She told you all fair fortunes, didn't she ? I certainly didn't hear any evil prog- nostications, though it was rather unintelligible balderdash. As for my part, don't let it concern the rest of you. She evidently heard my sporting talk, and resented it." " I was very sorry for it," said Donald, gravely. " Tush, man ! why need you be ? It doesn't affect me more than the breaking of the bubble yonder. Besides, what did she say ? She saw some very unpleasing adjuncts surrounding the gold piece. Well, I didn't make the coin ; nor, for that matter, earn it either. So how does it affect me ? I'll try and trace it, though, just for the curiosity of the thing. Pray throw aside all this concern, all of you, if it is sympathy for my being under the ban of old Norna's displeasure. Moreover she was to consult the stars about me. Ell try her again some day, and who knows but that she'll give me a better Bhow ?" Jean looked up with a brighter face. " To be sure/' she remarked, " all she said was from what she saw about the coin. Who knows but that it had come from some guilty hand? She should have seen that it could not affect you, though." " She will see it, if she is the true prophetess you all seem to believe her to be," answered Lockawe. " By the way, it strikes me oddly that you give her so much attention. She must be a very magnetic personage, for when you think it over, what she said was mere balderdash. Did you make sense of all that jumble about dark clouds and rainbows, pitfalls and goals, Mr. Kincaird ?" The artist gave a little start' as his name was called. It seemed to take him a moment to think what question bad been addressed to himj for he said, slowly ; - , " I think she read every page of my life. I hope that she foretells my future truthfully. If I went up to Eagle's Crag a sceptic, I have oome away nrofoundly impressed/' As he finished, he turned away and looked down at the water again. Jock watched the speaker anxiously, and smiled triumphantly when he bad given bis tes- timony. But Neil Lockawe laughed sceptically. " And you, Miss Maude, did you make a plain reading of the only saying that had any intelli- gence for me, ' The loch has spoken to you, and your heart has answered P' If that is your fortune, pray interpret it." Maude looked up with a pretty blending of mo- desty and enthusiasm in the expression of her face. One hand held the glass containing the bulb Norna had given her, the other with open fingers still trailed on the water. " I don't think I can explain, Mr. Lockawe, but I can feel. And it seems, somehow, that a beau- tiful vision, which I have never yet quite caught, has been flitting before me ever since I came to Loch Anini. And now, somehow, Norna has made me glad with a dawning hope that the talisman to bid it stay and become reality has been laid in my hand. That is all. You see that I must wait for the budding of this bulb before I can tell the color of the blossom." " A pretty, romantic thought, which you might have had and kept without Norna's assistance," said Lockawe, dryly. " Not a very .lucid inter- pretation." " The loch has spoken to her. I knew it the day I brought her upon it," interposed Jock, in a solemn voice. "And in benediction, not in curse. You be not long enough here, young sir, to know our history and legends. Wait till you hear about them, and you will be more ready to believe." " So you have romantic fancies as well as grand inspirations," said Kincaird, sottly, turning about and bending upon the girl that sweetly tender look which so transformed his face. Maude blushed again. " Am I very absurd ? See ! I have often trailed my hand in this idle fashion through many waters -in little lakelets of my own land, upon the waves of Geneva, in the Tiber and the Mediter- ranean. But here, certainly, for the first time in my remembrance, I seem to feel a soft clasp on my fingers every time. Am I absurdly super- stitious, or has Norna put the thought into my mind?" His eyes went down to the dancing waters. She saw a dark glimmer cross them, as if some bitter thought stung him., Then he looked up to her again with a happy smile. " No," he said j " you are not. You can never be absurd to me. And I believe with you. The gentle water-sprites come up to caress you. May Heaven also bless you with its choicest benedic- tions!" " Such as Norna invoked on you !" said Maude, with a sudden darmg impulse which almost frightened her by its persistence. She looked up straight into his eyes, and scarcely spoke above a whisper, as she added : " She recognised you. How it must have thrilled you ! Norna knew you,, and, I think, so do I !" He looked at her for a moment in utter amaze- ment; and then, in the same low voice, articulated fervently, while he put down his hand into the water to clasp hers there for one single instant : " Then, indeed, have the spirits of the loch as well as my heart elected you. Will you let them rejoice now over their knowledge of what it means to me-to you ?" Maude's head was bent low over the water. There were Budden hot blushes on her cheek, a soft dew of tears gathered in her eyes ; butin her heart throbbed a new joy. And she left her hand a moment in his, with the softly gurgling bubbles breaking over both. Then she drew it gently away, and folded both hands over Norna's glass, which held the brown bulb which was just stirring with the new and beautiful life that was to come. This little episode entirely escaped observation, because, just before it, Donald began to talk to young Lockawe about the fishing in the vicinity. Upon which Lockawe had asked Jock if he in- tended to b3 ready in the morning for Norna's great catch, which sent Jock off into one of his animated recitals concerning Norna's singular power of predicting the coming of *a shoal of fish before any of the old fishermen had seen any Bign of the same. And then the landing at the foot of the stairs at the Gull's Nest, absorbed all attention. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 