The Storyteller. Ishmael.* CHAPTER XXXII.— (Continued.) BY M.E. BRADDON, AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET," "VIXEN," "THE GOLDEN CALF," ETC. IT had been dull work for Amélie, sitting playing with the handle of her parasol, listlessly contemplative of the poet's shabby surrounding. The red tile floor; the wretched old sofa, meant for repose, but loaded with pamphlets, papers, books, clothes—tho accumulated litter of months of slovenly existence; the window opening upon a vista of rofs and chimneys, with not a leaf or a flower within aight; the distempered wall, blotched with damp, scrawled hero and there with charcoal sketches in tho atyle of Gavarni; the cobwobs in the cornera of tho ceiling—altogether a dismal scene for the contemplation of a young lady accustomed to gilded cornices and damask-draped windows commanding a bright outlook of foilage and fountains. The excitement, the flavour of novelty, in her escapade had all passed off, like the bubbles upon the champagne at the Panta gruel, and she had leisure to repent of her folly and to speculate as to what would happen to her if Madame Jarze, by any unlucky accident, found out this freak of unchapcroncil girlhood. It was not that there was any harm in the thing, but it was unusual, unallowed—an asser tion of feminine liberty which might be tole rated in New York, but which would create a nine days' wonder in the Champs Elyseea. But the teinturicr's was at work again, correcting the final couplets of the vaudeville, and Armand de Keratry was for the moment absorbed in watching that rapid pen as it played havoc with his verses She tapped his shoulder impationtly with her parasol. "Pray take me home," she said; " don't you hear that monsieur expects a visi tor? I would not be seen here by anybody for worlds!" Too late. There was a tap at the door, left ajar, on account of tho sultry mid-day heat, und a languid voice complained : " Your staircase is the most infected hole in oil Paris, my frieud. It surprises mothatyou escape a fever." " del /" gasped Amelie, in a half whisper, recognising that fashionable drawl, the concen trated essence of superciliousness; "it ia Monsieur de Pontchartrain. He must not see me. He will tell papa—mamma-«Hortcnse. Hide mc, hide me, for pity's sake!" She looked about her wildly, like a young hind at bay, for one of thoso curtains, cupboard, inner apartments of any kind, which are ao plentiful in all vaudevilles. There was a recess in which tho literary hack kept his wardrobe, a threadbare coat and an old old paletot, with ragged silk lining—a romnant of the time when there were Gandina upon the earth, and when he was one of them ; but no shred of drapery screened that recess. But in a corner of the room there was a ladder, which communicated with a loft above; and to this ladder Jean Nimporte pointed, grinning maliciously tho while. Amelie flew to tho haven of refuge, and scrambled up the ladder, almost as quickly aa a fnorae in a fairy drama at the Chatelet or the »orte St. Martin. She knew not whither that old break-neck ladder would lead her; but she would have gone anywhere—on the open roof among cbimuey-pots and half-starved cats, at peril of life and limb, to avoid Paul dc Pont chartrain. Armand followed her up the rickety ladder, and as they vanished from view Jean Nim porte crossed tho room with a leisurely step, saying— "A moment, my friend, and I am with you," in a voico half-drowned in a yawn, as of a man just awakened, " Were you asleep ?" asked Paul, sharply, as he entered. " Ah, I ace, more absinthe, and at 2 o'clock in the day ! Do you know that you are softening your brain a little more with every spoonful of that pernicious stuff ?" "What does it matter? When the work of ruin is accomplished I shall havo ceased to Butler. Why should a man try to preserve hia thinking faculty when thought is all pain; when memory is only a camera that shows the photograph of a fatal past; when imagination cannot conjure up a gleam of light in the future?" "That's not a bad idea—a man steeping himself in abtinthe with the deliberate inten tion of blotting out his brain!" said the little poet excitedly. " You are a terrible Refractaire, Valnois, but you really have first-rate ideas. Have you thrown off any suggestions for me lately?* He drew his chair to tbo table, took off hia {•loves, and squared his elbows with a business ike air, little knowing that a pair of mis chievous blue eyes were watching him from a hole in the ceiling, in the shadow of the pro jecting chimney-brace. " Yes; I have scribbled a few verses betwixt midnight and morning—boah, no doubt, but they may do for you," replied the Refraetaire, with a scornful accent. "Good! Let ua go over them together presently. And havo you touched up those versos I brought you the other day? They were a little in the rough, perhaps, but full of strong ideas." "No: I tried hard; but those attempts of yours are really too bad. The versification is simply impossible; and for ideas—well, I found two. Gnc verbatim from Heine; the other a thinly-disguised theft from Baudelaire. I am very sorry, my dear Vicomte, but your own stuff really won't do. The Parisian public and the Parisian Press will stand a great deal from a man of fashion, with a sprig of nobility in hia cap—but they wont stand such twaddle as yours." " You have at leaat the merit of candour," said the Vicomte, deeply offended. "If you had written the verses yourself you would think better of tbem." "Perhaps. There never waa a mongrel so ugly that the mother did not love him." "I wrung thoae linea out of my heart." "Then do not wring your heart anymore. The game ia not worth the candle. Let us be business-like, Vicomte. I tried to chop your lineß into shape—to introduce an idea or two into that wilderncsB of words; but it was not to be done. If you want poetry you must bo contont to get it ready-made, as you did yosr idyll of the carrion by the river, which you tell me is your chief success. Hero aro ballads and songs for you, plein le dot, # amorous, blasphemous, despairing, communistic; not an idea worth speaking of in the wholo batch, but enough of the swing and the melody of verao to make them pass current—as the work of a Pontchartrain.' "I would rather we worked together on metal from my own mine," said Paul, with dignity. "My dear friend, your mine produces nothing but scoria. I tell you I have spent dismal hours trying to lick thia wretched twaddle of yours into shape. I will look at it no more. If you want to fill your new volume" " Charniers et Sepulcres ?* said the Vicomte. "My publisher wants the completion of my manuscript before the end of next week. Tho season for poetry is newly over." "If you must publish you had better give him these things of mine. You can read tnera before you make up your mind. They are the very lees in my cup of inspiration; but they are not ao bad but that I havo read worse in the magazines." He opened a ragged rusty old blotting book, once a costly thing iv Russia leather, with gilded crest and monogram on the cover, and from a confusion of papers he picked out nine or ten loose sheets, which he handed across the table to Monsieur de Pontchartrain, who read them very slowly, commenting and questioning as be went along, with the captious air of a man determined to find fault. Sometimes he demanded an explanation of sentences which he found obscure; some times he stopped to check off the feet of a line on his fingers. " You have a trochee here where it ought to be an iambus," he said. " Mon dieu, c'esl terrible 1 It flays one's ears." "My car had an odd knack of being true in the old days," said the hack quietly. " I would venture the price of the ballad that you are mistaken;" and thereupon he demonstrated that the Vicomte was altogether wrong. The loft to which Amelie and her companion hod fled was a place of dust and cobwebs, invalided furniture, mouldy straw, empty boxes, rusty birdcages, the jetsam aud flotsam of a cheap lodging-house, aud among all this rubbish three or lour large cases of shabbily bound books—pamphlets, magazine*, plays, novels. It was the interior of a steep gable, and was not above 4ft. high in the clear. These two listeners had to squat in a crouching position on each side of the trap door, a heavy beam close abovo their heads. Amelie knew that sho was spoiling her pretty holland gown, perhaps massacring the berries in her dainty little hat, and assuredly making a wreck of gloves at nine francs a piir, and yet it was all she could do to keep herself from exploding into leud laughter. To hear the little fopling, the pre tended genius, the sham Mussct, tho spurious Baudelaire, in whom her sister Hortenso believed as in Divinity itself—to hear him buying his verses, bargaining and chaffering, aa he did presently, for ballads and odes, sere nades and fantaiaies, piece by piece; grudg ingly agreeing to pay so many francs for this or that, cheapening the waters of C&staly;, making light of the Muses; to hear all this waa as good haa the funniest play or tho wildest; opera-bouffe in Paris, as the Belle Hclcnc, or the Grande Duchc3se herself, with all the chic and audacity of Schneider at the apex of her fame—Schneider, aflame with diamonds, per forming before emperors and kings. Amelie remembered the Vicomtc's noble wrath that afternoon at Lady Constance Dane-: tree's, when she spoke of the literary tetnturier. She remembered his vehement Cela ne se pent was—the indignant strides of his little varnished boots up and down the room. Cela ne se peut pas, he had repeated, swelling with heroic scorn. And behold those very poem*, which had mado him the lion'of small tea parties, the pet of elderly young ladies, had been bought and paid for from thia poor meurt-de-faim with the threadbare coat and ragged beard. Armand and Amelie sat smiling at each other among the dust and cobwebs, the moths and the mice, of that dreadful old loft; afraid to stir, lest they should crack their skulls against the thick old tie- beam; smiling across the gulf of the trap door, through which came the thin voico of the Vicomte, acrid as cheap red wine, bargaining and disputing over Apollo's wares. When the haggling waa all over, and the Vicomte had doled out bis cash, and departed, grumbling, with hia verses in his pocket, those two listeners in the loft burst into a peal of laugh ter, long and loud, and a bitter laugh from the, garreteer below came up through the trap and' mingled with their mirth. "Don't let us lose another moment," aaid Amelie, as she came nimbly down tho ladder. " But, eh, what fun it haa been ! I would not have missed it for worlds!" "Lucky that I am in the habit of using that: loft as a liVrary, or there would have been no ladder handy," said Monsieur Nimporte. "Yes, it ia a curious aspect of literature, is it not, when a man buys his verses as he wouicVbuy his boots ? But the Vicomte makes a harder bargain with me than he would with his boot maker." "Ab, but he pays you ready money," said, Keratry, laughing. " That makes all the differ ence." " I Bhall dine to- night," replied Jean Nim- Sorte, rattling hia cash in his pocket. "Good; ay, mademoiselle. I am glad our transac-i tions have amused you." "I only wish you had a better market for: your versea, monaieur," answered AraCdie, with! a gracious curtsey. "You seem to be clever; enough to set up half-a-dozen fashionable poets." " I havo learnt my trade, mademoiselle, that: is all." He went out to the landing with his guests,, and bade thorn adieu with the grace of a Lauzun { or a Richelieu. "He ia perfectly distingue 3, although his clothes and nis room are more terrible than a, nightmare," said Ameiie, as sho tripped quickly down the greasy old staircase. " And now, for Jiity's sako get me a carriage of some kind, as aat as you can, and tell tho man to drive me to Lady Constance Danetrue's, ao that mamma and Hortcnae may find me there when they call i at 5 o'clock. I shall tell Lady Constance my morning's adventures, and all about Monsieur Pontchartrain. How amused she will be. Poor Hortense, with her poet pour rire ! If I were to tell her this secret now, she could let Pont chartrain know that she had found him out,. and ho would make her an offer of marriago within the next twenty-four hours, out of ahocr ; fright." "It would only be sisterly to try the experi ment," said Ke>atry, as they walked towards St. Sulpico, looking for a voilure de place. " I'll think about it," replied Amelie. " Hor tenso is a very undeserving object; but she certainly is my sister; and 1 suppose that con stitute j a claim upon one's good nature." Cham_r XXXIII. " AXD TUB DAY SHALL BE DARK OVER THEM." JBA* Nimjportk, otherwise Hector do Valnois, sank back in hia tattered old caay chair, directly his visitors were gone, and re filled his little black pipe, which, next to the yellow-green liquid in his glass, was the con solation of his days. Between absinthe and tobacco he contrived to endure life, and to forget that he had been onco a creature of lofty aspirings—that he had once dreamt of fame and the Academy. Ho lay back in his chair gazing at the motes dancing in the sun shine, and amiled his cynical smile at the little acene which had just ended. Presently he took the Vicomto'a money out of his pockets, and counted it in the hollow of his wasted hand. A few napoleons and a handful of francs—a shabby honorarium even for the lees of genius. But the verses which wero good enough for Monsieur de Pontchartrain to publish under his own name and at his own risk would not have found a parchaser among the publishers of Paris, who had long ago closed their pockets against Hector's muse. "My dear fellow, you had better go down to posterity as the author of Men Nuits Blanches," said Michael Levy, of the Librairie Nouvellc, the chief rendezvous of intcllcctuol Paris. " You will never again write anything as good." Poetry, therefore, had long ceased to count as a means of brcad-wiDning; but there wore long wakeful hours in the dreary dead of the night when Valnois found a transient relief in verse—when the unsuccessful man's rebellious anger against fate, the disappointed man's remorse for his own follies, the lonely man's sense of lovelessncss and abandonment, found their expression in wild revilinga of Providence, or in the opium eater's visions of an impossible paradise; and these effusions, the safety-valvo which kept the engine from explosion, -.vero just good enough to sell to Paul i> P* utthuv train, and fifty times better thy. tbo moat laborious efforts of that aristocrats driveller. " I shall dine to-night," s:ud Valr.oi**, looking at his money; "and I shall pay my last t .'• mrstrii for this accursed den, so that I may bo safe ft om being thru-it out iuto the >'■ re..>t for tho next mouth or two. If Poqueretv Acre he*' * I wouVct give hi-r a now gown. Toor :.*^ijv.r.Ti;tii»j 1 Was I very hiatal that day, win:-.*, w •• l>r:t:u Mas maddened with absinthe aud li'.y .*::-ipt.*-i wtrc throbbing with neuralgia? A tuv.r> ia iv.". particularly choice in his Irui-mag ut uu'li •, time. 1 may have driven her ay iy from n«.» by cruel words ; or she may have r.i.-.-lc up her mind to leave this lite of semi-star vation in an attic. Sho may have flown to a warmer neat. Who knows ? It ia the common lot of alliimccri like ours to end so!"' He smoked and mußed, and sipped hia ab sinthe. He had replenished his glass often during the two interviews with absinthe, bus not with water; so that the stuff he was drinking now was almost absinthe pure. It was much too early for him to show himself in the streets, even in this frec-und-cajy students' quarter, where a good coat was not de, rigueur. The summer sun was still in its glory—a sun in which his once black coat looked a grayish green, and his haggard faco more ghastly than that frayed and threadbare coat. No; ho would wait till the friendly dusk, and then stroll to the Restaurant La-perouse, on- the Quai dcs Grands-Augustins, where he could dine sumptuously, at ruodcrato cost, in a room facing the river. He was tired after his two interviews, and fell asleep in his chair presently—a Aee\i which lasted long, lulled by the distant sounds of tho city, undisturbed even by tho HUs of St. Sulpice ringing for vespers. His rights wero wakeful and fevered; and it was only after mental exhaustion that ho slept soundly. It was growing dusk, when there* came a tap at the door which startled him iuto broad wakefulness. Before ho could anawcr tho summons the handle was turned, and a man entered. Thero was enough of the yellow westernligl t still shining through the open window to show the roan's faco as he stood within the doorway. It was the drinlc-soddcned countenance of that man who stopped Ishmael in the street the night he left the meeting of the Cercle dv Prolo, \hp man who called himself Duraont. Valnois started to his feet. " You 1" he exclaimed. " Why, it is aa ago sinco you have been here; and I began to thiuk you were dead." " Did you ?" replied the other, coolly. "What use would there have been in my. coming hero ? I had nothing to tell you. I was poorer than you." " You ecera to have mended your fortunes," aaid Valnois, surveying his visitor from head to foot. " I never remember seeing you in such a sound coat, or in boots so instinct with tho primal grace of the bootmaker. May I ask what fold mine you have discovered in the gutters of •aris?" " I have found the beat substitute for a gold mine, in the shape of a wealthy patron." * " Indeed!" retorted the other, contempt uously; "and what manner of man, nnd for what Kind of motive, can be found to patronise Thedorc de Valnois, alias Dumont ?" " I think there is only one true definition for the word patron—a rich inau Who wants to mako use of a poor man," answered Dumont; " and just such a patron have I found in tho person of an old friend of yours." " Friend! I have no friend." " Nfot now, I grant. But you had a friend once ; a friend whose life you saved on the fatal fourth of December, and who ouerht to havo been grateful to you. Yet I suppose it will bo said you cancelled the obligation afterwards." "No fooling, cousin. You take yourself for a wit, and that is about the only original opinion I ever discovered in you. You nave neon sponging on Pdquerette'a husband. Is that what you mean ?" "I have been making myself useful to him. That is what I mean." "You havo found Paquerctte?" exclaimed Hector, eagerly. " No; I am looking for her, or for evidence of her death. That is my present profession, for which I draw a modest little income by way of expenses, and I am divided in my mind as to whether I shall keep her ali-vc, and con tent myself with the occasional egg my golden goose lays for me, or whether I shall kill her and my golden goose at the same time for the sake of ready money." " You are talking enigmas." " Not vory obscuro ones, dear cousin. Ishmael wants to bo sure that his wifo is dead— no doubt with a view to taking a second. If I can show him the acle de dtoks, he will give mo a small sum of money—small, very small—but a godsend for a man in my position. Now what ia to prevent me producing the acts do dices'/" "Nothing, except the fact that Paquerette is atill living—at least I hope so; and that forgery and falsification of official documents mean felony, and that felony—above all a second felony—means a longer seclusion from society than I think you would care to enter upon at your time of life." "That is a stumbling-block, I grant; but one that ought not to prove insurmountable to a man who has lived his life—sixty-six years, my Hector, and nearly half a century of failure and danger, shifts and difficulties, disappoint ments and disguises. If such a career as that cannot make a man dexterous, what co/i? Thero have been false actes de dtcis, before to day ; and there will be again, until the art of forgery is exploded." "'Difficult and dangerous !" said Valnois. " Difficulty and danger are tho atmosphere I have breathed ever sinco I was twenty !* "You must take your own way in life, though it has not led you into pleasant places hitherto. I have nothing to do with your schemes; I am not si forger; and lam not going to extort money from Paquerette'*. husband." The man who called himself Dumont came over to the open window and lounged witb his elbows on the window sill, looking across the dim perspective of gables and chimney pots to the gilded dome of the Invalides shining in the last rays of sunset. "Poor little Paqucrette.'" he said gently, "Paquerette with her lUy face and her pathetic eyrs. I always liked her. TruVr 'whs always a soft spot in this tough oht lifart of mine for P-iquercttc. I was sorry for ?-.or toe, for her fato was s^d, and you were not alto gether kind to her." Hector started from- tho half recumbent position which he had resumed a minute or ao pen _* The copyright of "lahmael" for Queensland haa been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. before, and put down Ms pipe suddenly, with a hand made tremiilow by anger. " How dare jou say that?" he exclaimed. "I loved her» and waa true te her. Our path waa not strewu with roses. H thero were thorns we trod upon them aide by hide. Why do you harp upott PaquerettcV name ?—you must have *een her lately; you must nave discovered something." I havo not seen her since I saw her in this room more than three months ago," answered the elder man, and then he turned from tho windq-,? and faced Hector with a grave coun ten<*»nce. " But I have discovered something." **What?" " I have found out who Paquerette ia!'» x* Who she is, poor child r echoed Hector, aadly; "not much mystery there, I should think. The child of poverty, tho child of neglect, the drudge of a drunken grandfather aad grandmother. What can there be to dis cover in such a lot?" " Poor as she waa, she had a father," said Dumont. " And it ia about that father you have made your discovery V* "Yes I" "An interesting one? an aristocratic •mystery, eh?" asked Hector, with his cynical air, refilling hia pipe. He thought hia kinsman Was trifling with biro. "Interesting to me,* anawered tho other, gravely. " Piquerctte is my daughter." "Your daughter ! You never told me that you had one/* said Hector. *' There are numerous episodes in my life which I have not told you. Perhaps this is the one of which I have least reason to be ashamed; and yet I am not free from blame even here. Paquerette is my daughter, the daughter of my youth* the child of my one true and pure lovo, th* child of my wife." *' Your wife 1 Another revelation!" "You have heard how I came to Paris to study law; rich in academical honours, poor ia purse. Your father, my father's first cousin looked down upon our branch of the house. Your father waa a landed gentleman, in a small way; mine, a doctor, in a little country town. You have heard no doubt how I neglected my legal studies, was plucked in my examinations, went to the bad alto gether, from the provincial and Philistine point of view. But you may not have heard that I was a great man in a certain set, and those the advanced Beds, socialists of the most scarlet dye. I became a voice and a power among thoae men—lived anyhow, gambled a •good deal, and was just lucky enough to keep ■ey head above water. I drained the student a cap of pleasure to the dregs. There is not a avbaret or cafi-concert in thia quarter of the town in which I have not wanted my nighta; not a billiard room that these feet of mine have not trodden. I had my flirtations too in those daya with many a handsome grisette ; but I never knew what love meant till a fair pale face flashed paat me in the twilight, and I turned to follow a graceful figure in a shabby gray gown. Ah, how shabby she was, how poor she looked, dear child; and yet such a gracious creature!" " Was this Poquerette's mother?" " Yes; a girl working at a clear starcherV not very far from this street; a modest, honest, shy young creature, who blushed and trembled at my voice. It was weeka before I oould win her confidence. If—if I ever had the thought of betraying her—and God knowa what infamy may have lurked in my mind at the first—her innocence, ber girlish simplicity, her perfect faith disarmed ma We had not known each other many weeks before I was her slave. And waa I, a socialiat, reddest among the reds—l who believed in the perfect equality of men, who scouted the bondage of caste—was I to shrink from allying myaelf with a pure and lovely girl because her parents were working people? What had I to lose by a low marriage ? What hope or prospect had I of a loftier alliance ? I—the penniless scapegrace! What chance had I of marrying rank or money? I counted tho cost, and found I should sacrifice nothing by marrying the girl I loved; and I married her one fine morning at the Mairie, after having romanced to her a little over-much, perhaps, poor child! about my father's noble blood and hu chateau—a little stuccoed box on the dusty outskirts of our town." " You married her i That was an honest act, at least." "Yes; I had flashes of honest feeling in those days; I married my love ono fine May morning; but I had no home except a garret to which I could take her, and I let her go on working at the laundry and living in her parents* wretched hole while I beat about for a way of supporting her and myself somehow or somewhere. Our stolen hours of happi ness, our dancea at the Pre Catalan, our little jaunts to the faira about Paria, our rides in jolting old cuckoos, were the sweetest hours of my youth. One wrong, and one only, I did my love in that beginning of our life. I made hor swear to keep her marriage secret. I would not have Pcre and Mere Lcmoine for father and mother in-law. I meant to leave Paris as soon as I could scrape a little money together, and to settle at Lyons or aome other large town for a few years, only returning to the capital when I could feel aure of having given the Lemoinea the alip. If you knew the kind of gentry they were you would not wondor at thia prejudice on my part, ultra Republican as I waa." "Paquerette has told me that they were dreadful people." "We had been married less than three months when my Jeanneton began to be un happy at her laundry. She had been seen with me at the Pre Catalan; she had been seen with me at a fair at Saint-Cloud; Been walking with me in the streets of an evening —and scandal, the broad gross scandal of the vulgar, began to aperse her fair name. Hints and inainuationa were flung at her —aneers and vulgar taunts—which to her wore torture. So one day, after a night'a run of luck at a gambling house in the Palais Royal, I told her to be ready to- leave Paria with me next morning at daybreak. We travelled southward through the bright days of autumn. Oh, happy daya! oh, happy journey!—lost glimpse of paradise that I ever saw on thia earth! After that my career waa all downhill. I was unlucky, idle, reckless; I had not the blessed faculty of continuous work. I could talk; I could write flashy articles for the Republican newspaper**. I picked up a fow lonis honestly now and then. But 1 lacked the blesied gift of patience. I was bi-rn a gamester. When I bad a er-.nca I trillul with it. And finally, within a year of my daughter's birth, my reckless f<rly landed me—whore you know." "Inthr jialleyß. A bal hotel foragentle mauof good family." "Jeanneton struggled on while I was in that hell upon earth—Worked ror herself and her ihfant-^tarved aOrtfctimea, came to ace mo in my misery Afl mitfeh aa the rigour of that devilish plfttt allowed. Thia lasted for nearly a year» and then, for the first time, my poor lOVe was missing when the appointed day and hour came round. She had come to me, ill or well, in fair or foul weather, and my heart turned cold when the allotted hour Came ftnd passed without sign or token from her. Hell seemed blacker oh that wretched day that it bad evttr seemed since I entered it." " She was dead* pet*h*p*s ?" " Dead-, tto; not Vet. It waa a ghastly story- It -would tfcfce too long to tell you the details. Ettough that I came by the knowledge of the facts by the aid of a priest, whose preaence waa the only gleam of light in that Inferno—even to mc, the mocker at croeda and creed- makera I came in time to know that my poor girl had fled in a panic from the wretched den ih which she had lived for aome montha-^had fled on foot from Toulon—because the scoundrel who owned the house had pursued her with infam ous proposals, and, when she shrank from him with indignant loathing, had conspired with tome of the vilest inmates of his house to bring a charge of theft against her. The plot was shallow enough, her innocence obvious; but in her helplessness and inexperience, weak, ill, penniless, friendless, my poor girl took fright She aaw herself in danger of being ahut up in that place which ahe knew too well from my abhorrent description, from the glimpses ahe had had of my aurroundings. She fled from Toulon with her chUd, on foot, panic stricken at that false charge. This much, and no more, could I discover six yeara afterwards, when I was a free man; free as a man can be with the brand upon hia shoulder, the taint of pmon life infecting him, his yellow passport the herald of his disgrace iv every town he enters. I was free ; but I was a ruined man, and I was a heart-broken man into the bargain. The scoundrel who had conspired againat Jeanne ton had died an evil death; so I nad not even the comfort of revenge. I left Toulon, hardened as only seven years of the chain can harden a man; hardened still more by the loss of that one crea ture I had honestly and fondly loved. I was never able to trace my poor Jeanneton s footstepa to her nameless grave. Perhaps I might have tried harder; but those from whom I heard her story told to me that the stamp of death was on her when she left Toulon. She had not a week's life in her, they said." "And your child? You took no pains to learn her fate V asked Hector "Why should I seek her, poor waif? Had I a home to give her, or even an honest name ? If she had drifted to some abode of charity so much the better; if she had gravitated towards the gutter I bad no power to rescue her. The infant had never fastened herself upon my heart as her mother had done. The woman I loved being gone, I was content the child ahould go with her. If I had found her, and could have sheltered her, she wouldhave been not the less a grief and a pain to me, recalling what I had lost. When I left Toulon I bad done with human affection. I act my face to wards Paria; went back into the jungle of the great city to live upon my fellow men—a beast of prey, among other beasts of prey." ,TYou are a atrange being, my cousin." "I am what life haa made me. Perhaps if I had been born with a big rent roll I should have been tho soul of honour." " And you say Paquerette is your daughter ? Are you sure of her identity—sure that there is no misaing link in the chain f "I am aure. The first time I ever saw that girl'a face, the night I met her with you on the steps at Tortonrs, it was as if I had seen a ghost. It was Jeanneton's face that flitted by me in the lamplight; a face from Hades. Later, aa she altered with the fatigues and cares of her theatrical career, it was still Jeanneton's face; Jeanneton's face as I aaw it at last in the banne. I had no suspicion of the truth. I thought of the likeness only as one of those accidental resemblances which are common enough in life. Had you, either of you, mentioned the Rue Sombreuil, or the name of Lemoine—had you told me that Paquerette was a fatherless waif, reared in that J lace, I ahould have been certain of the truth, tut it was left for Paquerette's husband to en lighten me as to her parentage." "And since you have known the tie that unites her to you you have hunted for her V "Everywhere. I told Ishmael that I had never been able to trace her beyond Valparaiso, and that I must go to Valparaiso to find the track. Need I aay that I did not go so far as South America in search of the poor girl, whom I last saw in thia room. I drew a nice littlo lump of money for my passago to and fro, and contrived to lie perdu in Paris, while I cau tiously prosecuted my quest for my missing daughter. I have not yet returned from Val paraiso, and I doubt if I shall return until I am furnished with the acts da dicta from the authorities of that port." " Scamp and trickster to the laat!" "Can the leopard change his spots, or the Ethiopian hia akin ? or could you ahow me any way to earn my bread honestly, if I wanted to begin life afresh ? No, my cousin; there is deep significance in that old fable of Hercules and the two roads. A man makes hiß choice, once in hia life, by which road he will travel; and, by heaven, when once he has taken the wrong turning, there is no croascut that will get him back to the right road. I took the wrong turning nine-and- thirty years ago, when I squandered the little hoard my father had scraped together to pay for my legal educa tion ; and from that hour to this every step I have travelled has been upon the downward road." "Do you think that Paquerette is still living ?" inquired Hector, gloomily. " She had wretched health last winter. I have had many a miserable hour in the watches of the night, picturing her alone, friendless, penniless, dying of aome lingering malady." " Who knows ? Paris is like a great forest. She might be living in tho next atreet: and one would know nothing. I havo put half-a-dozen advertisements, cautiously worded, in the like liest newspaper; but ahe may not havo seen them. I have employed a man who keeps a private inquiry office, and who has a knack of hunting down people where everybody else would fail; but as yet he has not found her or any trace of her. Meanwhile, it seems a pity that I should not touch a lump of money for the ucte dedtc\i. Shi* Mould be no worse off fov being dead and buried—on paper; and it wili )>e easy to resuscitate her loter, and to explain that the document was a mistake." " Cheat Ishmael as much as you like, my cousin, on your own account; but bring none oi your unholy gains this way. The coin would Bmell of brimstone," answered Hector, with a weary air. That name of Ishmael always gave him a thrill of pain. It reminded him of the past when he had been the benefactor and Ishmael the obliged; when he had been the superior; when hope still smiled upltti his path; when life wa* still dlad. And iiow Ishmael's name was a tford of power in Paris; Ishmael had won the wealth which sweetens existence, which makes a man a ruler among his fellow men. And he, Ishmael's superior by education and opportunity, by the divine spark of poetic Senilis, where was he in the meridian of life ? i star that had burnt out; a mine that had given up all its precious metal—a mere huak of manhood, lookiag with tired eyes along a dismal road whoso end ia death and ob livion. . „ i [TO BE CONTINUED.] 