THE STORYTELLER A AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE!. A . quiet, afternoon ;in a quiet suburb of Sydney,' The weather warm — sultry even.;, 110 one visible— probably asleep, as the closed window shutters beyond those copMookiiig gardens seem to betoken. A stray dog dreamily agitating with half-closed eyes on so-ue abstract quesr tioh of canine socioloev or D-ni-ics. is .too' lazy or too much overc'ime by the hrat-even -to wag his tail. E\|dently his; mental exercises are not vigorous ; ami the pejt problem of canine soii'logy is .not' yet appronchinfj its solution. Rut what of that.? Tim wrather Js warm. ' F.t le diable est mart ! We are standing just at the extremity of one of those, pleasant points—Darling .Ppint, this one— that fringe Sydney harbour. - The sun-ki-s-d water is visible throogh' the trees just I-el6w. Tli'i . houee« . hereabouts — mansions »ther — arc evidently the dwellings' of oeople of substance, and tlie -it))ootli carriage drives and nieely^triminfld lawns are as suggestive of wealth as the r6 tiier are of luxurious ease or (b1) latter of: lawn-tennis or pleasant garden tarties. . A faint suspicion of faintest breeze all hut ripples, the placid surface of the sheeny wavelets tlrtt lap the white sand l«eneaih the foliage fringing; the chore, and it just moves into a lisping suauHus the legypatf&it.;'rest, as lit were, on on higli yrall .that risus beside us as we stand. A high wall, enclosing an eminently '' respectable ' ' house. A brass door plate— ugh 1 An inscription ' Seminary for 'V oung Ladies.' Of course! Have any of, my readers ever seen an establishment of the kind without a hi eh wall, 'or a brass door-plate, or a freez ingly ?' respectable ' appearance, or— may I add — Venetian blinds ? A briskly-approaching vehicle breaks the stillness. The rattle of a cab. It approaches — stops. An active figure springe out, ~ririgp, 'and passes into the etninently -.: ' respectable ' house with; tlio high wall and the door-plate. Pros-, ently ho emerges^, and not alone. Himself aiid bis companion disappear, into Ihe cab which has waited, and now rattles off. His companion is atady a id young. Pretty also. We are interested in that. Let, us follow, and before doing so, let me, quietly and calmly hasten lo disabuse the, excited mind of my render of any suspicion of- intrigue or mystery in all this. The oconrrence we have just witnessed, is the most common place and prosaic in the world. And yet, not' too oopiinonpliire or- altogether' prosaic either. . W'n at though one of. .the. fair boarders of Harrington House school has just left the old school- room under the protection of her father's protige on her last and endleis Christ mas vacation, who will say that the first step of this fair young maid from the world of youth and dre ims to the world of womanhood . and life is not a step , too .irretrievable to', do ..called; commonplace, and far too fraught ^rith. the poetry of tliat grand life to be pros'a'c ! A young girl leaving school I Yec, Dolly . Pomeroy has just lefti for the last time the shelter of her Alma mater. Shortly s'ie will be on her way to the great s ation of: their grim old father, Gural l Komeroy, of Wi|nagurra, beyond the Ixverpool Ranges. She will pass her Christmas vacation there and after that she wiil settle down to the pitiless hum - diiim of station life so-cruel to thu fresh sOciety-girl. For the last time she has djned aud chatted with lier ' envving schoolmates, then — for the last time slept in the quiet old dormitoi j, with its white rows of siiowy beds, that lookeil.so, ghost-like in the moonlight, streaming thro'igh the window — the window look ing ? ror the ujo-inlit wati'r that Dolly likened- to the ?' tlie magic' casem-'ti's opening on perilous .-eas ' in faery lan-ls foil irn,' of which a romantic tempera nient and a young girl's warm fancv, fed poets, tales, had taught her. j Well, that was all over now, and Dolly had even bidden farewell to the ogress — revered ? preceptress— and ,wjas already rattling briskly eno'igh away „froni the old; school and its association-i. . ; And her companion, what of him ? Well,' Jack was a handsome fellow, hand 4 jmely dressed in a fashionable suit, and hat, and . yellow k!d«,- and etceteras in which he did not feel quite at home. Yet was lie, a handsome, gentlemanly young fellow, with fair Saxon hair, anil blue ei»xon eyes, and the fresh, healthy breath of the open country abaut him, and the firm hand anil steady eye of the -ni sin who has got his station experience ?and earned it. Slightly^ touched with the sun. too ; but . lithe and slim as. an acrobat, arid closely knit as platinum wire. ; Pl.!us*iit?f ic :d, . ;snd soft-voiced too, when he, pleased, as now; and yet with a passing shade of sensual self est e»i and egotism, even downright 86 fi dines.s withal.. But the obBe^rer would never notice this, as Jack bent kindly. - over the . happy liittle maMeu with the bright yellow tresses and blue eyes, wlio laughed back at his own, siting by his side. Ar»her: Allerton, - r as his friends called him, for no conceivable reason hut the merest whim of caprice, ''Jack.' Allerton was a handsome young fellow as I have already .said— wjth a history... Very few knew . his history. . Dolly's father knew it. Dolly did not. .Jack's station frien ls w.'.re' ignorant of it al -to, and if the casual visitor wondered some times rat the -half-fariiiliar terras on which this noticeable young boundary rider lived on the station, he soon for got his wonder at this, in greater aniaz ? at other things. For Ponieroy ptre was an original in his way ; but a yery grim and stem original it -was. And wlu-n unknown to all, A'ther l»'ft hh ol - English1 honifl and bis sisters in Green field Bange in the shires, and wa.* suddenly, missed about the same tiijje from his familiar haunts at the cliib and in; the Row,— when in' sh irt his forgery ofhis father's signature to msa1. his owu gambling debts,? was detected, and the affair was hushed up, Anther Allerton's father knpw that in consigning him to tlie care of his cousin Gerald Pomeroy, fat away in the antipodes, in Anstralii. he was placing his. son in a severe school, where !the penalty^ but !not the recol lection 01 u)g lapse, wonta ioiiow ni.n. Arid this was ' Jack's !' bjstory. ; 'f Jack ' he b«came, in name and designation, at Wihnagurra, and as ' Jack ' the reader knows hint. ' And so Doll i^nd Jack spoil gaily on their w»y, '»? .' » # p It had been a long and tedious jonr nev : or. : rather, it would have been tedious had not pleasant companionship beguiled the way. Three hundred miles is a lonsr journey to make without rail ways; and young girh) fresh .from:- school are not. the best travellers. But tlipn, Dolly was an Australian girl, and 11 squatter's dinjghtjer,. and Jh.on Jack wns such a pleasant felloyr, ynd his flattery and evident admiration were yery pleas ing' to the young girl fresh from schp -1 in the prflseat instnnioe, so tfrat when a( last the old home station of Wilm-erurrn came in sight, and. the familiar objects greeted her again, and hep grim progen itor impressed a grim kiss firmly on her flushed; cheek -tWjU, by that time Jack and Dolly had become great: friends. Be 'ft nqtgt) here too, thot before their introduction1 to th/a pp$der these young people b&d; jpever seen eajoh flttyer bpforp. Dolly h#d been «t jchpol in Sydney fop the last thpee yeajrs, »qd for a. year $nd a . half be'ore that, |ack had j^een far e 10'ngh away on an out-station, so jbuat they met almost as strangers. Qerald Pomeroy pere, must have been either a yery wild or a very sedate per son, in his youth. IPIiere sro'W haye been no half measures with such a dptjapr miqed character as bis. Now, his1 demeanor, was spyejre almost to harsh ness, and his grimnesi only bent ip tb^ presence of his child. She was lilfjo hpf mother, who was dead. And the memory of her mo'hir. was the bright spot in old Geri-ld's life— an oa«is ever green. Theirg had been a romantic courtship, romantic with air the old grave romance of the courtly days of Gerald's fathers. But it had its darker scenes, and in these hi* gousia Arther's father had figured: But; whi'n at last the fortner., still a iyoung man, had homo away his prize to distant Australia, and went out into the country with tlio pioneer sqnaiters to hew a. now fortune out. of this new eontineut, lie had thrown the past behind him, ami left it with its dead. Dolly's mot be'-, as I hnve said, wa- dead now. Who has not seen those melancholy plots near the old home stations of the colonies, where the dust of the pioneers is laid ? Every station has its little necropolis like this, and that. green spot with the white fence, shnded I y two giant eusalypti on the hill yonder, visible from'1 the terandali whore Jack' and Dolly, and her father now stand, is, 'to the last-named, the one sacred spot in all the world; And Gerald's idol lived again in his daughter. For some days an nnwonted briskness had enlivened the house. The festive Christmas season was approaching, and the old-counti j traditions of the family had bidden them make ready the festivi ties of the time. And, so there was life and bustlo ab ut the station, undiDpIly's cheery, voice and presence, like a ray of sunshine, gladdened and gleamed through the gloomy rooms, with, their old-fashioned f.irnituro as the servants lerit themselves to her inexperienced direction, until, at lust, the day wns upon thetn, The house, by this time, wks full of visitors, for Gerald hail, departed from his usual custom to wel come his daughter home. Tlie Aus tralian mistletoe was hung, even. The Christmas- dinner, with its toasts of Dolly's health, proposed by an enthus iastic young squatter from the conntry round, and drtttikbyall the young tin married gentlemen of the district and adjacent township, was not i^yer or merrier than the the subsequent ball, where Dolly danced with most of her almirers, but, above all, and oftenest with Jack. . : For a few weeks after thif the festivi ties and mutual visiting continued. But with the New Year the home-station re settled down into its normal placidity, which Dolly may be forgiven for mis taking for dulness, and then the dull blank level of monotony commenced. 1 ! ? (To be Continued.) 