THE PRETTIEST WOMAN IN WARSAW. BY MABEL COLLINS. Author of "An Innocent Sinner," "The Story of Helena Modjeska," "In the Flower of Her Youth ,' &c.;, <£c. CHAPTER XIX. Arthur Dene went away from Lady Amber's reception a good deal bewildered at what Wanda had said to him. It seemed to him a little absurd, in the nineteenth century, to send to a young lady staying among her connections a dagger for her selfdefence. He could not help thinking that Wanda was imaginative, and that the dangers to which Zadwiga might be exposed were exaggerated by ner words. At the same time there could bo no harm in sending Zadwiga a dagger. He nad given her while in Warsaw everything else that he could think of; it was ratner pleasant to have something fresh to send her. He did not attach any importance to Wanda's words that the dagger must be one fitted for serious work, and yet he could not altogether shake off a curious sense of real alarm which she had for the moment fully given to him. He reminded himself that, after all, races differ, and a Roumanian chateau might possibly be a very different place from an English country bouse. Then in these moments he regretted very sincerely that he had ever allowed Zadwiga to go to the Chateau Roman; but what could he have done better—what other course was open to him? And, indeed, it still appeared to him a very admirable place for her to stay until their marriage_ was announced. Wanda had spoken with a certain bitterness, and with an intensity of feeling which assuxed him that she had suffered something herself from the Ghyka family; but still, he argued, she was sensitive, imaginative, highly nervous; it was possible that to her excitable temperament mere trifles might' appear very serious. Zadwiga was not alone: that was one final comfort. Nevertheless, he resolved that her stay in the Chateau Roman should be as short as possible, and in the meantime he determined to buy and to send her the dagger, and to tell her the message which Wanda had given him about it. Wanda's directions should be fulfilled ; he would get the dagger and it should be one fit for use, and Zaawiga would very readily obey the injunction to keep it always at hand. He smiled to himself, thinking that the fact of its being his last gift to ner would ensure this. Ine first thing in the morning he went out for the purpose of obtaining the weapon, which was to be a thing perfect of its kind. He had written to Zadwiga while Wanda's words were still fresh in his memory, and had the letter and the dagger packed up together and sent to her at the-Chateau Roman. This done, there was no longer any excuse for delay ; he drove to the station and took his ticket for Denecourt. Denecourt was the name of his home, but it covered also the villages near which it stood, and indeed a large district. Away in Warsaw family pride had a strong hold upon him. In London he had felt its reality more deeply. But as he neared Denecourt he began to realize it as the most important thing in the wotld. For a long distance round Denecourt the Denes were the greatest people in the neighbourhood, and as Arthur was carried into the familiar country all the strength of bis early training returned upon him. He felt again the full responsibilities of his position. The burden of them had seemed so much lighter when he was away in Russia ! There he had been nobody, here it seemed, all in a moment, as if every one else was nobody, and as if what he did was important to all the world. The sense of this had even in his boyhood oppressed him a little; but still he had been proud of it; proud of his position, of his name, of his home, of his family; now there was something like shame stirring within him. This family pride, after all, was not a reality. His love for Zaawiga was something so much fresher—so much more human, so much more living—and yet it must stand aside—it must be kept in the dark, Zadwiga herself must be hidden away in that distant Roumania, until this ghost-like spirit of family pride could be propitiated. But there was no escaping from it. He might call it ghostlike in his own mind, he might say that it had no actual existence ; but to say so was like denying the material substance of the world in which we live ; we may deny it intellectually, but physically we have to allow for it all the same. So it was with Arthur. To oppose all the traditions of his family, to shock the feelines aud the pride of his parents, to cause a nme days' wo11 dor among the society of his neighbourhood, all this was too real to be lightly attempted. He had telegraphed from town for his noxcart, which stood awaiting him at tile station, and as he drove homo, his favourite mire between the shaits anil his fivuurita 'I barki:.-*; in iront, he wondered v.'ii«liior all that he had lately passed ihruugh w is n .t some dr«ain, which had arisen o.it of his imigiuatici-.. Here we-e th>; o'.d faniliar pastures, here, was the very road which belonged to him, or would belong to him before long He-entered the park, and drove up through the long avenu« to the house. It was all the same, nothing altered, everything in that admirable preservation which made Denecourt a show place of the county. The instincts of the landed proprietor were very strong in Arthur, and after all he was glad to be at home again, but he would have liked to ha-re been at home without a secret. If he oould have .entered Denecourt with Zadwiga at his side then, indeed, the place woula have seemed twenty times more lovely. Arthur was welcomed with the greatest delight by the servants and the dogs. His father was unable to leave his room, but his mother, when she heard, the dogcart arrive, ene waa £> the very embodiment of dignity. She was a charming woman, a clever woman, possessed of virtues and of graoe, but before everything else she was dignified. Nothing but the arrival of her son would have made her hurry her steps, but for him she almost ran like a girl, and she was trembling when she met him. Arthur had been so long away, so much longer than she expected, that it was like a wonderful ev«at to her to see him enter the house again. He was wanted for many things. His father needed him, the estates needed him, and a. thousand matters required his attention, but most of all his mother wanted him. In him all her hopes were centred; she lived in the thoughts of his future; for not only was Arthur her oaly son, but her only child, and Mrs. Dene had reached that time of life when a woman lives in her children. Arthur's marriage was a subject always in her thoughts. She said bttle about it, but her mind was continually fixed upon that event^and upon the difference it would make at Denecourt. She most earnestly desired it, for Arthur's sake, for her own, and for the sake of the family and osition. And whom would Arthur marry ? §ometime8 she would ask this of her husband, or he of her, but it had not yet been more openly discussed than this. CHAPTER XX Zadwiga had become a great favourite In the household of the Chateau Roman. Anuca, the gipsy woman, who ruled absolutely over the servants, had taken a great fancy to her. ThiB was lucky, for Annca was more than a housekeeper. She was more in Miralda's confidence than any one else. She was totally uneducated, unable to read or to sign her own name; but her instincts were powerful, and she judged every one by them. When Miralda wanted an opinion about any one she consulted Anuca. After Zadwiga had been in the house a few days Miralda asked this woman her opinion of her. " I like her," said Anaca, " she is beautiful, and clever, and good. But she is always hiding something. She has a secret thoaght which makes her happy, for I hear her laugh when she is alone." "A lover, I suppose," said Miralda indifferently. " There must be some reason for her leaving the stage. I wonder where ' he is ?" _ Zadwiga passed some of her happiest hours in the conservatories with her Polish friend, the head-gardener. He was delighted with her intelligence, and, by the assistance of some French botanical books which she found in the library, Zadwiga really began to make some progress in that delightful study. This was all she found time to do, except to sing a little, in addition to her English studies. To these she devoted herself with unceasing ardour. She had obtained a teacher of the language, who came to her twice a week from Jassy ; and in the library she found all the boo£s which were necessary for her work. Her teacher was amazed at the industry which she exhibited. He did not know the spur which urged her on, the thought that when she met her husband again she would speak to him in his own_ language, and understand when he '¥<Y S ' h„ face fluehing wlth pleasure^ t d X f t I aloud with delight. Then once more, with dogged perseverance, she would go on battling with the difficulties of Arthur's obstinate language. The spring was falling upon the country now, and this was a sight which she had never beheld before. It was a perfect marvel to her. As the days grew milder she was continually out of doors, looking in ecstacy at the yearly miracle of the 'opening bads upon the trees and shrubs. All the warm youth within her leaped up amid this joyous reawakening cf nature. It was a sort of Uttle gala-day to her when at last<the plants \jjiich stood outside the library window, under its verandah, were unshrouded. They were rare shrubs which had been personal favourites with M. Marcellin, and Zadwiga. welcomed the sight of them with delights Th library was practically given up to Zaawiga. No one in the house entered'it bat herself aad the servants. Thus she had come to regard it as her own, and she appropriated all its pleasant associations to herself! In the afternoon she went oat with Miralda, and found a vivid pleasure in driving about the country, and observing its daily increasing beauty. Miralda.found her a charming, gay, intelligent companion, companion. whose temper was wonderfully equal and pleasant. There was on atmosphere about Zadwiga like that of a warm afternoon in | early summer, when the roses first grow rich and sweet. She was not excitable, like Miralda. She had no tendency to be imperious or obstinate. Miralda knew enough of men and women to value such a daUy companion to the utmost; and she continually impressed upon Zadwiga her desire to keep ber with her as long as possible.. Thus Zadwiga was at ease, and well content. In the evening she played bezique with Miralda, or sang gay little French songs to her. When the chateau was full of guests, Zadwiga put away her books and pleased ber hostess by making herself as charming as she could. But charming, merry, gentle, though she was, she held all her admirers at bay, by a manner which admitted of no advances. She was universally admired, as indeed she would have been anywhere. For . now, in the prime pf her youth and health, I Zadwiga was probably one of the loveliest girls in the world. Miralda often told her that she need only appear at any European court to become a celebrated beauty. She might very easily conquer the hearts of great men or their monarchs, and achieve one of those famous careers which become historical. But Zadwiga smiled at all thiB— a smile that admitted of but one interpretation. She desired none of these things. The dark-eyed, excitable, fast-living Roumanian nobles that frequented Miralda's salon regarded Zadwiga as a living mystery. They were all a little afraid of her. She was always gracious, but never encouraging. What could it mean ? Wonderful stories were invented about her, and some of them were believed. These stories gave the young Polish girl credit for being very designing and full of deceit. And why was this? Simply because these people, like the rest of the world, credit others with their own vices, and attribute to others those_ motives which would be to themselves intelligible. Demetri had returned from Paris, and was at his chateau, attending to some of his affairs. He was by no means so neglectful of hiB own interests as was Niko. His property was not a model of good management like Prince Sacha's, or the Chateau Roman; but it was very fairly attended to. Demetn passed most of the year in Paris, but he was in the habit of coming home quite unexpectedly and looking after everything for a short time. He was essentially erratic in his movements. His servants never knew when he drove out, whether he would come back to dinner or not for a month ; they were never surprised at any sudden departure or arrival of his. But he had no wish to become impoverished, and so he_ du ..ted occasional periods to overlooking his i 1 his game, and bis gardens. Almost immediately after his return '<• rii Paris he drove over to the Chateau Eju.au and stayed the night there. He had intended to return before dark; but when he said so Miralda laughed. "Stay the night," she said, "don't you know Mademoiselle Milovitch is here?" Demetri started, took the ever-present cigarette from his mouth and looked in amazement at Miralda. "Do you mean the sister—Zidwiga?" he said after a minute. "Yes." " I'll stay," he said, "the Milovitch herself is the most provoking, unintelligible, extraordinary woman I ever met with. She has driven Paris half-mad with her beauty and that wonderful style she has ; and then 0V1 /i lniinVie An/1 alemB f lio ^Artr fho flLAfl /if she laughs and slams the door in the face of all the great men of tbe day. 1 believe she likes me better than any of them. _ I'll stay and see this sister. Is she as beautiful ?" " More so, I think," said Miralda, " but perhaps you will prefer Niko's wife ?" " Niko's wife !" repeated Demetri, with an indescribable intonation. Then he added, " I would not change places with Niko for any inducement. He is mad with jealousy half the time. Tell me, where is Ma'mselle Zadwiga now ?" "In her own room, I suppose," said Miralda, "or perhaps in the library. She studies English all day, and all night, too, I believe." " English ! what for ?" exclaimed Demetri in surprise. " 1 do not know," said Miralda, dryly, " but 1 confess I should like to." "I will try to find out," said Demetri. " This will be amusing. She can't intend to go on the English stage, surely ?" " t-he has given up the stage for ever, a^ I believe," said Miralda; " it appears to me that the does not even care to speak of it." "That is very curious," said Demetri, "Those sisters are extremely clever. Zadwig has some project in her mind, if she i working so hard. Perhaps she means to come out in London ' as a professional - beauty She might do worse. She means to have a lover worth leaving her career for: that i certain. Ferhaps she may look kindly on me in the meantime. Well, I will not have the horses out just yet." "I thought I knew your tastes," said Miralda, with a dark smile. "The little beauty shall sing for you to-night." • Zadwiga was not in the Ubrarv- she was , locked into her - y ' - - re^ed D fromJa^sTaSel whiTl.^ JU8t Stttt&EZt.; for her from England, P a r C e l W h l c h^ c o m e What a delight it was to open that parcel , Never had „„. Zadwiga looked __ so lovely I as when, with flushed face, and final™ : trembling with excitement, she indSPte fastening/ Within the cover lay a letter in Arthur's handwriting. Trembling all over now with pleasure, Zadwiga sank upon the divan at the Bide of her room to read the dear pages. "Oh, delightful words! Arthur had met Wanda! " " and told joined him to send her the dagger which was packed up with the letter. Then came Wanda's words—"Send her that daggertell her to keep it always ready to her hand— and with that to defend her honour." Zadwiga laughed to herself and kissed the words. "How like my dear Wanda!" she said. " She can believe in no defender but m th0 paperJ Ah! h f w ^ I ^ She opened her door and „ called , KaroL , He „ came to her, across the library. ''Come in !"she said, and closed the door behind him. "Look, look,"she exclaimed, what my husband has sent me ! Is it not beautiful? And I am always to wear it, in my dress, to defend myself 1 As if I were among wild animals ! It was dear Wanda's thought—he has seen her. Karol, he has told her everything! And he has sent me this. Is it not beautiful ? Is he not good 2 Oh. how happy I am !" Karol hardly seemed to hear her. He looked earnestly at the dagger. " Mr. Dene has given it you ?" he said. ."Yes, Karol! yes; is it not a lovely gift?" "What's to be done! What's to be done!" Baid Karol, " there's no way that I know to croaa such a gift! If I dared bat tell Anuca, I might find out—she is full of magic. But I can't tell her 1 What's to he dose?" "What do you mean Karol? What are yon talking about ?" "Why, it's misfortune! It's misery! Don't vou know that to give a "knife cuts a friendship or a Jove? Oh, its cruel ill-luck. Yoa will be parted from him—you two will be separated as - sure~as there's any"truth in signs. Oh, bow conld he send iti and cat you asunder from him like that!" Karol gazed at the dagger with a mixture of rage and fear, which made Zadwiga burst out laughing. " My dear Karol," she said, "you are too superstitions? "NothingcanCHt us asunder. Nothing c&n; separate us 1" and so saying; her eyes brilliant with the thought, she put the dagger witHin the neck of her dress, and clasped her hands across it. CHAPTER XXI. Wanda's life be-jame so full of excitement that the interest aroused by her sister's romance was sometimes almost pushed out of her mind. The French company were all in London -now, and- -were rehearsing for their - coming performances. Wanda .would have to play a different part each night of the week during her month in-London, and each of these-parts was one which -only a great actress' would dscre to attempt. This power 8 o ^ o l ^ ! ^ ^ and L ^of ^excitements"' J S S H Every ! . ^day t Wanda j -xiety was in a fever about some detailor other; either some member'.of the company would find a means of irritating her "at rehearsal, or the vagaries of her "various dressmakers would provoke her ' beyond endurance, ' -When really worried she forgot all' her lines " and-went through an agony- of-mind as to whether on the great occasions Of hfer actual appearances she would be able to'remember them. Long experience had taught her that at night she always did remember her words, but nothing could prevent her suffering from a fever ot anxiety • when she found her memory to be a perf«ct blank. Sometimes she remembered absolutely nothing but thenaroe of her role; She had been through all' this in Paris before, and it was bad enough then, for on her success there depended hier taking any great position npon the French stage.' She had taken that position, and had made herself one of the two or three great actresses of the day. The manager who had brought her to London had determined if he found that the English public appreciated and understood her to take her to America. Sach an offer as this Wanda had never dreanedof. It is, perhaps, not a very pleasant thing to play ia. French -all through the Uiuted states, because it is not probable for an actress in a foreign language often to get an appreciative audience; but this Wanda had not thought of. What she had thought of, and what Bhe knew, was, that bybeing.taken as a star through America her reputation would be enormously increased, and also that she woald make a very great deal of money. Therefore, her success* in London appeared to be as great a matter as her success in Paris, for now that it had once been talked of and oposed, she could not resist a feeling that rthe engagement for America was given up it would mean that in some sense Bhe was a failure, and failure was a word which Wanda could not enduie even to think of in relation to herself. Already she had reached that state of mind which is common to the stars who are made the spoilt pets of the pnblic. Unless, wherever she went, money seemed to come to her of its own accord, unless she was flattered and feted and feasted almost beyond her powers of endurance, ehe began to fancy that she was a failure. To ordinary mortals such a state of mind is almost inconceivable, bat habits accustom one to anything. ' It is very easy to acquire the habit of being spoilt. Wanda had Sired it so com«letelvthat she thought it^was absolutel™necessary for her to conquer * wherever - she went. She wanted . , to be the greatest actress on any stage whatever. Probab y all actresses entertain this desire, but it is only the few who have reached a prominent height who dare absolutely to whisper it aloud. It is easy to imagine that living in such a whirl and hurry of hard work almost drove from her mind the thought of her sister's osition. Indeed Wanda, though essentially Elithful in mind and heart, was also so essentially an artist, that when playing a great part she forgot her own personal ref^ons&s; and friendships, ThS firstjime that Niko, after their marriage, met ner at the wisp, and spoke to her without receiving any response, meeting from her eyes a cold stare vi hich contained no recognition, he was astounded. But by degrees he got used to this. When Bhe was. full of a character which required all her powers she appeared absolutely to be unconscious' that he was there, or that he lived, even if he was touching her very elbow. Wanda had a very pretty little dressingroom at the theatre at which she played. On the first few nights Niko was unable to leave the wings, he was so anxious for her success, and so full of her contagious excitement. But when once the public had pronounced its verdict on each of her parts, with its thunders of applause, he left his constant post of observation, and spent the best part of his evenings in her a dressing-rooms. He had a dozen nicknames in the theatre ; they called him her watchdog, her policeman; but he did not know it, and if he had, he would have cared very little. All that Niko asked was what he had asked in the first instance, and that was that Wanda should care for him and him alone. If she did not provoke his jealousy he was content in the consciousness of his possession, even though when she came into her dressing-room or paBsed him at its door she noticed him no more than if he had been the door itself. ^ And certainly Wanda did nothing to excite that passion which once in his blood raged so furiously. After Arthur Dene left London there was a period of comparative calm. Wanda was so intensely absorbed in her : work that she hardly remembered the faces or naInes 0f people who were introduced to j, eI- ^^ jj er admirers might have followed % • 1 • 1.1. 3 J.^ • . * 1.1- 1. her unceasingly night and day without attracting her attention. Niko was restored to a state of temporary peace of mind, and he told himself that he would at least not suffer from an uprovoked anxiety. He devoted himself to taking care of his beautiful wife, to running her errands, to obeying her orders, to wrapping her up when she went to her carriage. When she left the stage he was always there with something to keep alive her energies. He made tea for her in a wonderful Chinese teapot; she drank it unconsciously, but she learned to depend upon him to give her the restoratives she needed. He took some Imperial Tokay to her dressing-room, and sometimes gave her this when he thought she was over-tired. She was incapable' of tasting or of appreciating it, but it sustained her strength. She was grateful for this uuceasing kindness, this tenderness always clise at hand. It is no small thing for a woman in such a position as hers to have such a lover always at her side. For hi9 passion was not only ardent, it was intensely gentle; he felt for her, and thought for her, aud lie!pad her at every turn. a s . s , CHAPTER XXIL For three weeks after the performances had begun in London this delightful state of things continued. From the theatre Nika Mid Wanda almost always went to some great reception, and got home at last so wearied that nothing could be thought of butrest until the next afternoon came bringing its callers. Such a life admitted of no unnecessary emotions, and day after day passed, by softening the sense of separation and misery which had fallen upon them when Wanda first met Arthur Dene. Bat this was 1 ^^treacherous calm, a^ht thiTw^ j fe^&i; theatre 0 bad * 6 ** a stall 10 !*-. returned The box-keeper*atthe ! to him, and sentit to Arthur Dene at Denecourt. This little- Incident was the slight thing which raised 4 sufficient storm to disperse the peace ia which these two were living. During one of her performances Wanda; had a rest which lasted for half an act. She always lay down npon the couch in her dressing-room, having so far made her preparations that she was ready in a moment to t 1 this time ' but not for it disturbed her. Her dressing-room was very near the stage, only two or three steps above the green-room, and sometimes her manager woald come to her door and ask her to see some distinguished visitor, who was filled with that common desire of the people who sit in. frontjto make the personal acquaintance of a great actress. Wanda's room was be composed' entirely of j K t ^ ™ * odours of the crowded theatre. When Wanda lay down to take her brief space of rest, Niko generally threw a wrap over her and opened the door to admit at least of a change of air. One night when he did this Wanda started up and leaned upon her elbow with an expression of sodden excitement and agitation on her face. "I hear his voice," she said to herself. Niko turned sharply round. " What do von mean ?" he said." What are yon talking about ?' ' I hear his voice; he is there, he is downstairs in the green-room. I must put On my dress, for I mast go and speak to him'—or stay,' she said, " help me on with my dress, and then you shall go and bring him to me here." But I don't know whom you mean," said Niko. " I don't know what you are talking about." Suddenly Wanda hesitated. "I will go down "to tne green room," she said in a yery decided tone, in a manner that was' almost imperious; if yon cannot help me put on my dress, go and call my maid." I will help you," said Niko, it is unnecessary to call her." - • He was in great perplexity, and .had not recognised the voice -which WandaVrtjuick .ear had so instantly caught, even in the subdued tones necessitated by the nearness of :the stage. There was nothing to do but to lace the dress which Wanda had to put •on. - Her "make-up" needed scarcely a new touch, and her hair had been' elaborately dressed by her maid. The moment,her dress was fastened she took her long gloves into her hands, and said hastily," I can-sntihese on downstairs," and then throwing ner long trainover her arm, she quickly stepped down toihe door of the green-room. - - Miko looked, on in wonder; he .did not know what it all meant, and he followed her in order. to seewhat her intention waa. She entered the green-ioom quickly, and as he reached the doorway/he saw within it the causerofcher exbitement. Arthur' Dene waB st&nding.; there, he had just succeeded in peisaading. the stage doorkeeper to go and look : for- Wanda's maid, who was to take to - Wanda, herself the name of her visitor." In the meantime Arthur had quietly insinuated himself into the green-room. His face lighted up when he saw Wanda appear.: She stepped quickly towards him, stretching out both her hands, and letting her long train falTbehind her unnoticed. There was unmUtike&ble; pleasure written on both their faces when they met. 1 Niko looked, and looked' a seebnd time, and then he turned and went back to ! Wanda's dressing-room, and paced up and j - down ite narrow limits, with rage and bitteri ness in his heart. „ 6 . 0 ™? ch , to, see you, said Arthur. ' I want to know whether yoa meant all you said about those Roamaalans. I am consumed with anxiety about*-Zadwiga,. and -yet" T don't know wi lat on earth tQ - do." Wanda moved to one of the couches and sat down, beginning to put on .her-gloves as she'did so.- Each glove: had twelve -buttons and tfie tohole twenty-four must be fastened before she was called for the stagehand so with the ease of habit she went on with, her - work while-she talked. .. "You have no new reason for anxiety, surely ?" she said, very earnestly.. " None," he Faid ; I have not heard from her; but surely-you have heard from her?" " Yes, yes,"^said Wanda ; " but I have positively not had time to -read her letters. You can hardly imagine what a life jhine is. I seem scarcely to have time to breathe!" " What did she say ?" said Arthur. ** Was she well ? ; Was she -safe ? Was she happy '' ' "I-believe she was all these," said Wanda, "I don't think there is any-new.'cause for anxiety. Mine was only a vague alarm drawn from a knowledge of the character of these people among ..whom she. is; there is probably so reason-to become distressed." " But I am distressed," said "^Arthur, "and it is impossible to help it, lor . every, day makes this state of things more unendurable. It was all very well at first, when I thought , that as soon as I got home l eould begin to arrange things and prepare the way forbrfnging Zadwiga to Denecourt; but I jiave been most unlucky. My father's health is breaking, and it would be inhuman to disturbhim with any news which would cause him annoyance; and moreover, he is tenfold more difficult to deal with now than when he waswell. I don't know what to do. I hate the position I have placed myself in. I thinksometimes I will simply announce 'my marriage and fetch Zadwiga home." "It might be the best thing to do after all,"' said Wanda, "but don't be in a hurry; assoon as this engagement is over I am dietermined to go home to Roumania and to see Zadwiga. Let me then tell her your' position. , and wfiat you feel, andask her ii she is brave I enough to go home as your wife and face the i disapproval of your parents. Let me Also see how she is, whether she is really safe and contented. Do net run any chance of future unhappiness by being too hasty now.""',. " How soon will that be ? said Arthur. " When shall you go?"' •'We have agreed to play another fortsight here," said Wanda, ""that will be three weeks from now; perhaps it wU^ be pushed on another week if our sacpesp; continues so. great, but after thatX knowlhat the theatre is engaged,- and we mast leave it. So you see the time-cannot be very long. see ine xime-^nnos oe very long. 1 j with Zadwiga ns much as I can if™! before I go £ away to America. " I am glad of that," said Arthur. " Then yoa will perhaps be able toiell me something which may guide me. If there is any discomfort or danger in her being alone there, or if she ia-unhappy, I will bring her-stcpight home to Denecourt. i . *' Well iBpoken," cried Wanda,." do not be afraid, my sister is courageous. It will all end well, and she, as the mistress of DenecoUrt, will be a much happier woman than I, one of the stars of Europe 1" "Mademoiselle Milovitch," said the callboy at the door. , Wanda wan a a rose, 1 the last button of ^ second glove, I - Good- bye," - - - -- she said, smiling that Wonderful brilliant smile which belonged to her ' , and to no other living woman, "Yoa and ; Zadwiga were made to be happy." ; ' She was gone. Only a second later, as it Beemed to Arthur, he heard the thunder of applause which followed upon her first speech. In this act her appearance upon the stage had a certain electrical effect npon the . audience, and the first few words she spoke always awoke an enthusiasm in the house.. She was only separated from Arthur Dene and from her husband by a few yards of' boarding, and by some scenes, which- anyman could easily push aside. Bnt in reality . she was fnrther from them both than if she. had been separated by the width -of the. Atlantic. Niko knew it and raged.. ' He felt impotent whim she was "upon the stage. By the time she again returned to her dressing-room she would' have entirely forgotten ner meeting with Arthur Dene, tnd it would be impossible for him to reproach her unless he folly brought. before her the whole scene and her -action_ ia it. The consciousness of this infuriated biuu And Arthur Dene left alone in the greenroom sighed and smiled at once, as he heard, tbe roar of applause through.the house. tHe* too, felt how she had stepped out of his life into her own wide life of the artist before the: public; he also knew that he. was forgotten. He sighed unconsciously, because this |s an, experience which always brings with It a certain sense of de&olation; to the one who is left behind the scenes, aud who is not being praised bv the thousand bands of the-publici but he Emiled because of the Teal pleasure he felt at the thought that he had taken Zidwiga off that stage, which for the lime being, tikes away from a woman her sweet personal life. She at least would never be parted from him byfthe applause ai,d raptures of the puhlic ; he had made her his own, and he thought aa Zadwiga had said, •' nothing can separata us. " Ah, me!" said a pious lady, *' onr minister wasa very powerful preicher, for the short time nfr ministered the vrord among us he kicked twee pulpits to pieces, ani banted the in'ards out ol tw& Uillws." 