The Agricultural Prospect. In connection with the opening of the Cattle Show, the Times thus discusses the general agricultural situation :-"In the meanwhile farmers are quitting their holdings, landlords are abating their rents, the ghost of protection is beginning to walk abroad in the specious guise of Fair trade, and all over the country men are anxiously asking themselves whether the prosperous days of English agriculture are ever likely to return. To this pertinent, and indeed, vital question, Mr. James Howard attempts to give an answer in the paper read by him yesterday at the Farmers' Club. His answer ia simple, but it can hardly be called encouraging. If, owing to the development of transport and the consequent competition of lands more favour- ably situated than our own for the product- ion of the agricultural commodities we require, the price of such commodities is permanently reduced, it is inevitable, says Mr. Howard, that rents in this country should fall. Such a conclusion, however unwelcome is no doubt irrefragable if only the premises be granted. But the reasoning is, perhaps, of somewhat too abstract a character. If all other things and conditions remain unohanged while the price of the commodities produced continues to fall, owing to competition, or to any other cause, it is almost self-evident that as the total amount of profit realised is ex Tiypofhesi diminished, either the labourer must be content with a lower wage, the far- mer with a smaller return for his capital invested, or the landlord with a diminished rent for his land. If the matter is reduced to this simple issue, it seems practically certain that the landlord's profit, in other words the rent, is that which will first feel the pinch." CaBtorla euros, Collo, Constipation, Sour Stomach, Diarriiooa, Eructation, Gires lionlthy sloop anil promotos digoetion, , Without injurious modication. ?. -£&i; Dbw of the Alfs,-The very name of this cele- brated Swiss tonic ia appetizing, and its beneficial effects as a restorative and invigorant, an antidota to miasma, a remedy for general weakness and ner- vousness, a means of averting the diseases incident to hot climates, and a specific for dyspepsie, art beyond all question, These are good reasons why we should congratulate our readers on the introduction of the oldest, t»nd most famous, and certainly thi most palatable, of all European cordials into this far away corner of the globe The only agents of the proprietor in Australia are Messrs. M. Moss and Co., <tnd to that enterprising firm we owe its importation into Australia. It is already a favourite with every class and calling among us, and may be regarded thenceforward as a staple article, 643 