SUNDAY READING. 'The Alternatives of Faith, and Unbelief/ The Rev. Charles Stanford, D.D., has written an excellent book on the above subject, which must prove very helpful to the Bipcere and honest inquirer after truth. The following, entitled 'Practical Hints, ' forms the last chapter in the book Accept the hints now following on the best way to become settled in the right faith, and so to reach she happiest alterna tives. I I. We shonld make it the first business in life to find oat with certainty that supreme I truth which the Bible professes to reveal. I Wisely did the Greeks call a religions man 1 4 a man of basin -ss.' Wisely do oar business I men say 4 business first.' Wisely shall we I act if we apply this rale to the great I business of religion. We are forced to fear, I however, that, although we oall this common I sense, it is not common ouBtom. There is I much shallow Christianity, there is also I mnoh shallow anti-Christianity in the world ; I many professors of unbelief, like many I professors of faith, do but reflect the notions I and repeat the phrases of other people ; and I wisdom, without any labour of their own, is I pumped into their minds, oat of the qnarter- j lies, as into empty buckets. In this day of j high pressure, when almost every man iB in j a hurry, almost every man is, in some sense, I a specialist; almost all his mental power is I rtfiorf itn in onmn aha ilonavtmAnf. an/) mViaf he knows outside that— -when he knows of current thoughts, facts, and interests — what he knows about the modern battle of principles and interpretations, snoh as thoee we are dealing with now, he knows for the most part by skimming the papers, or by impressions taken from magazine articles, easily written and easily read. So, voluble people who have no depth, and flippant people who have no knees, 4 become scientific in an hour, sceptical for a shilling,' and catch the trick of advanced thought without the trouble of it. No knowledge worth having oomes by passive recipiency ; the great problems of conscienoe and faith are not to be settled with gaiety or playfulness of heart, or by the effect of mere mental j atmosphere, or while we are thinking of j something else ; and I say that we are bound to fling into this tremendous business all our strength of body, mind, and soul. 2 Evety manly doubter, God helping him, should try to find oat, by his own hard and thorough work, what the Bible teaches about religion before he consults any other teachers. A man will often write a book on this theme I as a man mig -t have written one 400 years I before Christianity. Such a writer seems to I think that he is the first inquirer, that he 1 has ail to see with his own mortal optics, and j all to thiuk out for himself. He insists on 1 not seeming to know that snoh a book as the Bible is in existence ; be never refers to a Divine revelation, except by the way, and in snoh cool and serene words as these : — 4 1 am aware that the evidence for miracles I is logically and historically nntrnstworthy.' Leaving the Bible out of the question, he tries hy the downright hard work of his own brain to find out God. Many snoh hard workers explore the mysteries of space, search into matter, think about thought, read the biBtorieB of language, ponder the I earliest memorials of dim, dumb time, look I into their own souls, and speak from their j own Inflatns. Bnt, although they may, in I the wraok of work like this wrench all thefr I powers to agony-point, and strain all their I mental sinews to tbe uttermost, if it be trne J that the Bible is the last revelation given by I Gad to man, then, until they open that, I All thinking is waste of thought, I And nought is everything, and everything is nought. I 3. There Bhould be concern to nse right I methods of work. If I might speak to I beginners, I would say, Begin by working to I /iaF TAur n.inuirtfin a ahatif: rViP Rihlp frntn gt V JVU WVM»«WW.W — " the Bible, not from the commentaries of friends and foes. Begin to work, not on the | Mosaic story of creation, not on critical I difficulties, not on the fu nre life, nor ia any mere marginalia, but begin at the centre, and work in the spirit that made the intense Archimedes say to the mad besiegers, as they burst helter-skelter into his room, 4 A oft turbare circulos meosV — 4 D a not I distutb my circles !' Do not ask that all j difficulties may be cleared before you oon- I seat to be ieve ; do no ask for more evidence 1 than i > reasonable or neoeesary ; do not aak j for evidence of a kind that the case does not require ; for instance, do not ask that, before I you believe, yon may have the same kind of I feeling that yon have when you have gons I through a proposition of F<uolid, and are I satisfied with the resnlt. You are on the I wrong scent if yon demand mathematical I proof while you have already probable evi- I dence— evidence that satisfies tbe faith of a I rational man in all matters which, like this, I belong to life and history. As the Gsrmao I says, 4 Honour truth by use,' I say honour faith by use. When yon have a utile laitu, use up energetically that little — use it up as oonas you have it, and as far as you have it. Along with all, and above all your other tryings, try the power of prayer, for, if this Book be true, it is only by the Holy Ghost, promised in answer to prayer, that we can have that sympathetic life which can under- I stand tbe meanings of Divine truth. I 4 There must be work for tbe right end. I Faith, in the sense of believing that the I Book is true, will be of no essential use I unless it shall lead us on to faith in the sense of trn-t in the Saviour whom the Book reveals. The highest exercise and most oanvinoing demonstration of reason | will only earry yon to a certain point, which | is still short of salvation, and will only bring | you to the edge of that grea resolve in | which you give yourself to Christ. The | Divine value of the Christian's faith, as it | has befn well said, 4 lies more in its will- j element than in its reason-element ; more in j its moral factor than in its rational.' I While your reason is still sorely perplexed, j you may say, 4 Lord, I believe ; help Thou I mine , nnbelief !' This faith in Christ is felt I by many to be a great mystery. De I Quincey, when a young man at Oxford, sai( | to his good mother, who was a Christian in | Mr. Romaine's oirole, 4 Mother, what is this | business that yon oall faith V She tried to | explain it. making it out to be a very simple I thing. Yes, yes,' he eaid ; 4 but how do lt V If you ask me this question, I will simply say : 4 Turn the question into a prayer, send It np to God, and, while yoa pray, try to do what yon pray for power to do. Try; and I think that, before long, a moment will come when you will know that yon touch God. Fat out the whole force of your exietenoe, and try, like Jacob, to wrestle with the nnkoown mystery. With the intense reality of the soul dealing at first hand with the intense reality of God, try to make the great ventnre, and yon may be sore that while yon thus try the mighty Spirit of God is Btirring within yon. Try, for, as we only learn to think by thinking, and only learn to walk by walking, so we only learn to trust Tiy trusting. Wait on the Lord, and when yon ean rise above the wooden oommon- plaoes of existence, and withdraw yoarself from 1 the things that are seen,' there will oome high rarefied, exalted moments in whioh yon will be qnickened and enraptured into a life beyond all definition ; and at last yon will know that yon have the true faith from knowing that yon have the true life — th« life that flows from faith — life in the brancu from life in4 The Vine.' 