NEWS OF THE DAY. We learn that Mr. Collett has leased the Barrack and Goderich-street corner pre- mises from the Sons of Australia Benefit Society, where he purposes extending his resturant business. The European Mail of June 26 quotes the sale, at auction of eight cases of black boy gum, at 9s.— presumeably per. cwt., which, we should think, is not a very re- munerative price. A curious contrivance, in the shape of a marine bicycle, has been constructed by Mr. Fairfield, of the City. It is the maker's intention to try his novel machine on the river at three o'clock next Saturday after- noon. At the City Police Court this morning the only case occupying the attention of the Bench was that of a man named James Cuthbert, charged with being drunk last evening. Corpl. Claffey gave the prisoner a bad character, and he received a sentence of two months imprisonment. Unfortunately the weather has set in not at all propitious for the High School Sports to-morrow afternoon. It would be as well judging from past experience, if the sports were postponed until the present rough, wet weather had worn off, and was succeed- ed by a little sunshine. Among the displays of fruits, flowers, and vegetables in one of the "Pomona" temples in Hay-street, last evening, an additional attraction was provided in the shape of a large-sized porker, suspended from a beam. Needless to say, piggy was dressed, and probably by this time has furnished many itoothsome morsels. Messrs. Fienburg and Rogers' sale of the Bayswater property, held in the Mechanics' Institute last night, was one of the best attended auctions ever held in the Colony. The bidding was very spirited throughout, and although a large quantity of the land was withheld from sale, upwards of £1,200 worth was disposed of. The sale of shares in the Fremantle Gas & Coke Company has been so rapid that the promoters are in a position to announce by an advertisement appearing in another column that the share list will be clos- ed against the public at 12 o'clock on Saturday, the 18th August proximo. In- vestors will therefore do well to make their applications for shares at once. We drew attention a few days ago to the splendid display of oranges to be seen in aeveral fruiterers' shops in Hay-street. Mr. Gallop is now showing in his window some of the finest oranges and lemons, grown we believe at the Peninsula, by Mr. F. Sherwood, that has probably ever been seen displayed for sale in Australia. Last evening the Metropolitan Rifles proceeded to the Esplanade, where they were put through a number of movements by Capt. Sholl. Afterwards Capt. Sherwood put the corps through the new attack for- mation, and, considering the movement was gone through for the first time, the men got through it very well. A fairly good muster was in attendance. On Monday evening some larrikins, who there is good reason to believe were not members of the "lower class" amused themselves by playing monkey-like mis- chievous tricks in Hay-street. The centre handle of the front door of one well known citizen's house was wrenched off, and other equally objectionable pranks were indulged in. A few days ago we alluded to the splendid oranges to be ssen in the Temple of Pomona in Hay-street, and now we see that Mr. Liddelow has a large quantity equally fine fruit, same of which are more than three quarters of a pound in weight, and are 12 inches in girth. These splendid proofs of the fertility of Western Australian soil were grown on the Serpentine. The fact that a day or two ago an in dividual, wishing to get a bucket of water from the pump recently erected by the City Council near the main drain, opposite the Royal Hotel, had first to go to the drain, fill his hat with water, and then pour it down the pump, is very conclusive evidence that the pump in question is sad- ly in need of repairs. The sandalwood market at Singapore, according to this morning's mail, shows little signs of improvement. The local Exchange Market Report of June 25 states that the nominal quotation was $3 to $3.05 per picul; but $2.85 for 10 to 11 logs to the picul was the last price accepted, the market was dull, and buyers were not dis- posed to offer. A large number of cases were set down for hearing at the Local Court to-day, and the first one called had not been got through as we went to press. This was the case of G. Baldock who sued Mr.. Findlay, a builder, for not completing a contract ac- cording to specification. Mr. Horgan ap- peared for the plaintiff and Mr. Geo. Par- ker for the defendant. A large number of cases were set down for hearing at the Perth Local Court to- day, and an unusually large number of litigants were present, the plaintiffs in nearly every instance being accompanied by their "led- gers." The wig and gown element was also largely represented, there being some half-dozen lawyers present who appeared to be bountifully provided with law-books, bearing numerous marks for reference. The colonists' meeting at the Town Hall this evening will be one of the most interesting as well as the most important ever held in Perth. The resolution condemn- ing the proposed action of the Government to elect two members of the Legislature to seats in the Executive Council will be pro- posed by Dr. Scott and seconded by Mr. E. K. Courthope, after which speeches will be made by some of the other gentlemen in attendance. A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the dramshop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. "Who are you ?" said the guidman, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. "I am auld Nick," was the reply. "Come awa' mon," said John, nothing daunted, "Gie's a shake o' your hand. I am married tae a sister o' yours." On Thursday evening, at about 8 o'clock, communication with Ashburton by tele- graph was opened. The completion of this additional link in our great northern tele- graph testifies in a very pronounced man- ner to the expedition with which the line is being pushed forward, and to the comple- tion at no distant date of the telegraph to Roebourne. The "arrival" of the telegraph at Ashburton was notified on the shipping notice board at the telegraph office in "red ink"— a fact which points to the general interest shown in the work, even by the telegraph operators. We regret to learn that a paragraph which appeared in our issue of Saturday last, with reference to the posting of notices by the City Supervisor of small tenders called for, has been misconstrued. In the first place we never intended to cast any blame upon either the City Clerk, the Su- pervisor, or the Council. Secondly, we al- luded only to contracts of a petty nature involving the expenditure of but trifling amounts. And, finally, the suggestion was made in good part, with the idea of reliev- ing the Supervisor of a very tedious piece of work. A red-headed Chinaman is said to be met with as rarely as a "white elephant," and a celestial minus his capillary sub- stance is almost as great a rarity. How- ever, this morning a case in the Local Court in which the plaintiff and defendant were Chinese, brought together a large number of Mongolians, one among the number showing the summit of his cranium to be almost as bare as a lard bladder. The neglect of the individual in question to requisition a bottle or two of Rowland's Macassor Oil has resulted in his having what horsey men would term a rat-tailed queue. 