INTELtCOLONIAL NEWS. .VICTORIA. FnROM OU SPECIAL CORnESPorDENTS.) MELBOURNE, Fob. 3. His Excellency the Governor came down from BMount Macedon to-day, and presided at a meeting of the Executive Council. He afterwards proceeded with Lord Elphin stone and Mr. J. A. Froude, and his son, and Mr. E. Wakefield, of New Zealand, to the Fernshaw district, where they will spenda day or two. On the 20th December, BMr. Service tele graphed to the Agent-General in Eng land that news had been received of the annexation by Germany of the north coast of Now Guinea, and other Pacific Islands. Mr. Service then protested against the action of Germany, and made an appeal to Earl Derby. A day or two subsequently Mr. Murray-Smith, the Agent-General in London, wrote a dis patch, which has now been received. In it he stated that the Colonial Office at first doubted the authenticity of the news, but that they subsequently admitted it, and acknowledged that the conduct of Germany was unfriendly, though they held out hopes that it might be possible by diplomatic negotiation to reverse the action of-Prince Bismarck, so far as Now Guinea was concerned. Mr. Murray- Smith also alluded to the apathy of the Colonial Office, and deplored the want of unanimity in Australia, and especially the action of New South Wales. The South Australian Jockey Club have applied to the Victorian Racing Club for permission to hold a three days' meeting on the Flemington course in May next. At a meeting of theV.R.C. Committeo held yesterday, it was agreed to accede to the request. The reason for the South Aus tralian Club migrating from Adelaide to Melbourne arises from the circumstances connected with the recent legislative powers passed by the South Australian Parliament in respect to betting and the use of the totalisator on the Morphetvillo course, which has practically abolished racing in the sister colony. No doubt the Adelaide Cup, which last year was a handi cap of 2500 sovs., will be included in the Iay programme. The following horses have been struck outof their engagements for the Caulfield meet next Saturday ;-Donation andOhuck ster for the Hawksburn Handicap; Lepa rello, Umberto, and Duenna for the St. Valentine Handicap; and Caractacus for the Hurdle. At a meeting of the Melbourne Presby tery held to- day, a motion was carried unanimously for the appointment of a committee to take steps on behalf of the Presbyterian Church in a protest against any attempt to annex tlhe noew Hebrides by France, and to prepare and present to the homo Government a mecmorial, praying that her iMajesty be pleased to extend her protection to the inhabitants of those islands. Speaking at a luncheon following the ceremony of laying tihe foundation stone of the South Barwonshire Hall at Belmont to-day, the lion. Graham Berry said that if the colonies had been federated they could have spoken on the annexation question with a voice of thunder to Earl Derby,who must then have listened to them. So long, however, as Victoria sent home one tole gram, and New South VWales another of a difflrent character, Earl Derby was afforded the excuse that we wcre not united ourselves. The London Press said that that was Earl Derby's only excuse, and he should be deprived of it by the unity of the colonies. A subscription has been commenced by the Victorian Racing Club to present to Mr. Harry Giles in appreciation of his courageous and humane conduct in rescu ing the wounded at tie recent railway caccident near Cootamundra, and already the sum of .£300 has been raised towards it. To-day 2000 to 80 was taken against The Ghost for tlhe Newmarket lHandicap, and 1000 to 35 is wanted, while 100 to 8 is the price offered against the field. Tho chairman of a mcoting of general manufacturers, which was held to-day, has apipointed five manufactlrers to meent a ummillr number of members of the Tradca Council, in a: dorifeericeo, to try to settle the bo.t dispute. Thd Council have ap pointed seven bf their number who are not in the boot trade to meet the manufae. turers, whose number will be increased to seven, and there is 4vory probability of the dispute being sottled. ?Mr. W; GO Lanies delivered a lecture in the Melbourne Town Hall last night, on Now Guinea, its customs and people. The lecture was highly appreciated, about 410]0 persons bring present. Mt'. ?adndon, the eronaut, made a very successful balloon ascent from the Et Melbourne Cricket.Ground to-diqy. 1,l Wont-about 2000 yards high,; and wai up about an' hour. lie descended at Foot. scray, four miles.from the ascending placee because he was slowly drifting towards liobson's Bay. 