'brisco Mail and Parcels Post. On tho 30th a deputation from tho Chamber of Commerce, consisting of Messrs. W. G. Murray (chairman), W. M'Millan (vico-chairman), M. Gott- heit', W. A. Cotter, E. Prosser, W. Bell, E. Tozer, Jamos Burns, and J. H. Storey, waited on the Post- master-General and presented resolutions, which had been adopted at a meeting of that body in tho fore- noon, condemning any transhipment of goods or pas- sengers in tho now service. Mr. M'MILLAN explained that the resolutions were morely of a suggestive character, and sought to avoid taking any antagonistic or unfcderal position with regard to New Zealand. Tho break in thc passage at Honolulu, they considered, was a serious difiiculty and obstacle, both with regard to mails and oargo , and tho convonionco and comfort of passongorp. Mr. GOTTHELJ? was of opinion that transhipment would occasion serious damago to cargo, moro espe- cially to perishable goods. Mr. SEK oxplained that in this oase tho owners i were liable, and then proceeded to read tho corros gondonce which had taken place between the Now oath Wales Government and Sir Julius, Vogel. Ho thought in tho face of the correspondence he was in honor bound to carry out tho intentions of his predecessor. It would then bo competent for Parliament to decline to ratify the .contraot. Should Parliamonfc decline -°- proceed with tho contract, it. would still be optional for New Zealand to carry it out. At tho samo time a- Pacific lino of steamers was very desirablo; for when European, complications arose it might bead visablo to carry the mails undor the. Amorican Hag. Then there was the probability that there would be two competing lines of stoamors,, which, when all interests were considered, would not.be an advisable state of affairs; Ho could.not soo his way clear as an honorable mau to doclino to carry out, tho intentions of his predecessor, therefore he must sign tho con . tract, and leave tho rest to the approval or disap- proval of Parliament. Mr. MUBEA.T then reforred to the ouostion of a parcels post. Mr. SEH said this matter was ono of tho very first which had occupied his attention after he accepted offico. He trusted by tho beginning" of tho new year to introduce a system of parcels poet with Europe j but ho might tell them hero that there was some hitch in tho law whioh prevouted the Govern- ment from extending tho advantage of a parcels post to tho colony. However, he intended to ask Parlia- ment as soon as it met to alter the law in this re speot, and he promised not to lose any time then in introducing a satisfactory syBtom throughout, tho colony. ANOTHER DEPUTATION. Tuesday Mo3°rs Barton .Hyam, and Neild, Ms.L.A., Captains Knight, Ghost,. Broomfield, aud Turner, and Messrs. Bradley, Gilles, and Hughes, who wero I appointed a deputation at a public mooting held in the Exchange Hotel, on Friday week,, waited upon tho Postniastor-Genoral to present tho follow- ing.resolutions which wero, unanimously adopted at thatmeeting 1. "That tho proposedmail contract to America (involving a transhipment at Honolulu) is most injurious to the interests of the mercantile and general public in this colony." 2. " That such in- terests demand that a direct and uninterupted ser- vice from Sydney to San Francisco should bo arranged for." Mr. "WALTER BRADLET pointed out that during tho last three years the Pacific Mail Company had shipped 40,000 bales of wool, whioh were valued at «£800,000. Other deputies urged that transhipment at Hono- lulu would greatly affoct tho cargo and inconvenience passengers. Mr. HUC4HES, genoral manager of tho Bank of Aus- tralasia, spoke, as a very large skipper of specie, as to tho risk which would bo incurred in tranHhinrjiner at Honolulu. Mr. SES said that ho. was firmly of opinion that tho correspondence which had taken place previously to his accepting office now pledged him to completo the arrangBiasats, subjoot to the approval of Parliament. This correspondence was so conclusivo that it would he an act of repudiation on his part, as a member of the present Government, to rofnso at this juncturo to sign tho contract. Those who know anything about tho 'Frisco service wore awaro that it was a series of breaks. Therefore the inconvenience at Honolulu was not worth speaking about in comparison. With regard to tbo passenger accommodation on the service from Honolulu to Sau Frauoiseo, one half of the accommodation would bo retained for the passengers from New South Walos and New Zeal- and. If it were found that this was insufficient, a farther reservation could always bo mado by tele- graph. It would also havo to bo borne in mind that Sydnoy would bo the terminal port, while Auckland was only a port of call, whore the vessels would not bo allowed to remain longor than twenty four hours, unies tho sanction of tho Now South Wales Government were provionsly obtained. In Sydney, on the other hand, the vessels would remain twolvo or fourteen doy-B to take in their coal and supplies, as had hitherto been tho case with the Pacific Company. It had boen argued that nine-tenths of tho cargo brought by the 'Frisco boats was landed at Sydney. This was a point in favor of entering into tho contract, for it should be romem herod that while New South Wales only paid one-third of the subsidy, she received nino tentha of tho benefit derivable from the ser- vie©. It Avas impossible, h» bolieved, to establish a direct service much under ¿220,000; while, under tho present contract Now South Wales would not be called on to pay moro than .£1300 a year at the most. He did not seo why the Government should pay somo thing like ¿15,000 a year unnecessarily in ordor, it eeemod to him, to subsidise American wares. It was not in tho province of any Govornment to offer BO large a premium to foreign merchandise when the requirements of tho mail service might be met at much less cost. Consequently ho could not comply with the request of the deputation to defer Bigning the contract until it chould be dealt with by Parlia- ment. There appears to be a pood deal of misunderstand- ing in reference to the mail Eorvice hotwoen the colonies and San Francisco which has recently been arranged. Its has boen alleged that the boats will be detained at Auckland a sufficient timo to coal and take in Btores. This, ii Buoh were tho case, would mean an enormous loss to the colony. However, on referring tho matter to tho postal authorities in Sydney, we learn that Auckland will bo nothing more than a port of call, and only twenty four hours' detention will he allowed. Consequently thero is very little doubt that tho coaling and tho taking in of stores will be done in Sydney as hithor to. It may be as well to say that an offer was receivod in this colony indirectly from a shipping firm to ostablish a direct lino to San Francisco. Tho subsidy whioh was required was ,£25.000 annually ; while only a monthly (calen- dar) servico would be given. Ino present contract will cost ¿810,000 annually, and it is expected that the receipts will amount to fully .-GSOOO. . At Honolulu it will be in the power of the Grovornuient to detain the boats thirty-six hours without demurrage # being charged ; but should thoy ho able to got away in less time, without occasioning inconvenience to passen- gers and unnecessary damage to cargo, it will bo optional for the owners to avail themselves of tho opportunity. Mossr3, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co. hayo also an- nounced that, pending the action of Parliament, tho Pu.M.S. Zealandia and Australia will run a direct ser- vice honce to San Francisco, calling only at Honolulu. This is probably owing to the fact that tho owners of theso fine vessels have been unablo to make any satisfactory arrangements with tho Now Zealand Government, and to tho unsuitablencss of tranship- ping passengers at Honolulu. ThiB will be very wol come nows to merohanta of this city, who aro not by any means in accordance with the provisional con- tract made by tho Government. It isreportod in Auckland on good authority that tho Now Zealand Government do not fear the deci- sion of the New South Wales Govornmont in ro .feronco to tho San Francisco mail contract being up- set by the Parliament of this colony. Mr. Pearce has withdrawn from tho contract, but tho Govornmont is cortain that ho cannot offer New South Walos a better service, as ho is without the moana of afford- ing facilities for tho uso of railways for mail pur- poses which a powerful American company is able to give. It is also pointod out that the servico arranged by tho New Zealand Government will bo recognised as a United States servico, as well as a New Z3aland and Australian service. 