PUBLISHED DAILY. FRIDAY EViimNO, APRIL 3, ISSS. IT IS announced in the Towixsviile papers that a Conference of delegates on the Separation question is lo be opened within a few days in Townsville. The Standard magniloquently says " those favourable to the cause of Separation are justified in regarding that conference as g pietiminary Parliament of the new colony." By all means; let them enjoy their opinion. Oar contemporary re grets that the agitation has not been so general as it could desire, and anticipates a hitch in the appointment of a chairman to the Conference to deliver the "in augural address." The President is yet to be appointed, and Mr. Willmett, whom the Standard suggests for the post, will do or die rather than that BLACK or any other fellow should take the "billet." What 1 the future Treasurer of Coolie lard to 4>ive way to Black of Mackay ! Never! if, now, Mr. PHILP of Kanaka renown were proposed for the office of President, it would be according to the eternal fitness of things. Another point 4he Standard is anxious about, is the number in favour of Separation in the various districts. It cannot tell how many even in Townsville are in favor of the movement, and it advocates a house to-house canvas at the last moment. WILLMETT and the Coolie crowd who lately wired to stop the extension'of the jetty works, thereby depriving the unem ployed working men of Townsville of a means of living, are not likely to get many working men to sign their Coolie petition for Separation. The To wnsvill e Municipal Council in refusing to for ward the petition to the Government did a dastardly action, for which we hope the working men of Townsville will yet pay them oat. Fortunately, Mr. HUBERT stepped into the breach and obtained, withont difficulty from the Government, that the works asked for should be undertaken at once. ThiB "bogus" Conference cannot hide the truth from Ike colony. Let them publish the number who hare signed the Separation petition in each town in the North. Is it not a notorious fact that the great majority of the inhabitants of the North .re against Separation ? A few may be found everywhere in favor of it. Cook . town. Port Douglas, Cairns, Herberton, Thornborougb, Ravens wuod, Georgetown and Charters Towers are - against Sep aration. Take them out. of the North and what is left? A few Coolie and Kanaka ship owners and their retainers in Townsville, and a few sugar plan ters in Mackay and on the Herbert. The working men in Townsville and Mackay are coerced into silence, but if there were an election to-morrow no Coolie candidate wonld have the ghost of a chance of being returned. This solid fact stares the proposed Con ference in the foes-the majority of the inhabitants of Northern Queensland are opposed to Separation, how then can these self-appointed delegates have the assurance to draw up a petition based on the assertion that the majority are in , favor of the movement 1 We pronounce such an assertion, if it be made, a de liberate and wilful mis-statement. The zichest gold field in the col any is em phatically opposed to Separation, its members in Parliament aie opposed to it; so are the members for the Cook; so is MACBOSSAN ; so is the member for Bourke-Mr. PALMER. TO hold a Con ference now, the object of which is to dismember the colony, is a treasonable proceeding. Now is the time for all hands, North and South, to pull together to ensure the safety of the colony against foreign invasion. Whether war break out now, or not, does not affect the question. The Government are not unmindful of the defence of Townsville, ; . and the question, according to Mr. GRIFFITH'S telegram to the Mayor of Townsville, is engaging the serious at tention of the Government. Let the sense and patriotism of Townsville assert itself, and if the Coolie crowd will persevere with their " bogus" and treasonable Conference, let the working claEse8~ot Townsville give expression to ' tfieir own opinions. Is the Liberal party in Townsville extinct or crowded ?: into silence and inaction by a few Coolie employers 1 Hie majority of the inhabi tants of Townsville are opposed to Coolie labor and mast, therefore, be opposed to \- --Separation, which would enable the sugar planters to introduce Coolies and all other colored " thrash" into the North, thus swamping the wMte roea' and making it impossible for^thej§L live in Northern Queensland. j IT will be seen by advertisement that Pro fessor Armani, mesmerist, having met with a [air amount of success, will remain here for ?mother week- He can be consulted -in the premises lately occupied by Beale and CO., in M osman-street. GOT 'em again! This is the way lie told it. "Talk about fishing, why, when I was a youngster I caught a bull-dog shark with a rope, on one end of which I made a slip knot. I was on horseback, and the blooming thing ' went for the pony, and I immediately slipped the noose over Ins head and swam ashore, dragging it behind me; after I got on the beach I measured the ' CUBS,' and it measured 5ft. Fish! you fellows, fish! you dont know what fishing means." THE Caron Opera Company will open in the School of Arts to-morrow night with that popular piece " Maritana." Most of the mem bers of this company have already-appeared ^ere, and are old favorites. Miss Pender assumes the title role of Maritana, and Miss Lambert is allotted the character dt Lazarillo. The other characters are also well filled, and judging by the cnconiums passed on the com pany by the Townsville papers a musical treat is in store for the people of the Towels-; ire hope they will take advantage of this oppor tunity and accord the opera company a liberal support. The vigour of youth given to 1he aged and infirm by using Hop Bitters. Try it. Bead. A KOBLE instance of filial piety is reported by Captain E. itice, of the American schooner jl A. Griffin. TTis vessel was struck by a terrific storm in the last week of December, oft" the American coast, and he was swept overboard. u I (gave myself up for lost," he says. "Without a moment's hesitation, my son, fastening a xope to the taffrail, jumped overboard with the coil in his hand. I was just aft of the ship, rising from my first sinking. He swam out to me, though how he buffeted those waves in that cold water God only knows. A moment later he had me in .lis grip, and, with a power that was almost superhuman, kept himself afloat while he passed the rope around my waist. Then latching the rope himself, and holding me up-for I was helpless-he signalled the crew co draw us in. They got us alongside, and we vere safe. I was pulled up first, and more dead than alive, and. my son was then hauled up. My boy is only 21 years old." 