Meat Food for Nervous People. Pork ia good for nervous persons, but ia not easily digested. Wild gamo is excellent. Fi3h is good for norvous people. Eggs boiled just onough to harden tho white are onG.ily digested. It ia a mistake about people eating too much. Tho majority do not -oat enough. Nervous dyspepsia comes from working too hard and not eating enough. Wheu a mnu begins to sudor from overwork, ha should oat plonty of good bread and butter, drink two quarts of milk a day, and eat plenty of good meat. When auch a person resorts to a vegetable diet he grows woaker and loses his nerve power. At ti meeting of tho Anthropological Insti tute, Mr. James G. Frascr road a paper on ' Certain Burial Customs, as illustrative ot the Primitive Theory of tho - Soul.' Tho Romans had a custom that when a-man who had been reported to have died abroad [re turned homo alive, ho should enter his house, not by tho door, but over the roo£. This oustom (whioh is still observed in Persia) owed its origin to certain primitiva baliofa and customs with regard to tho dead. Tho ghost of an unburied man was uupposod to haunt and molest tho living, especially his relatives. Hence the importance attacli3d to tha burial of the dead, and various precautions were taken that the ghost Bhould not return. When tho body of a dead man could not be found, he was buried in effigy, and tbio fictitious burial wan held to bo sufficient to lay the wandering ghost, for it i3 a prinoiplo of primitive thought that what is dono to the effigy of a mau is dono to tho man himself. The Diroctor read a paper by Admiral F. S. Tremlett, on the ' Sculptured Dolmens of tho Morbihan' (North-west France.) About 80 Eoulptures had been found, invariably on tho interior surfaces of the onp-stonca and their supports. It ia remarkable that they nro con fined within a distanoo of about 12 miles, and aro_ all situated near the sea-coaotr boyond which, although the megaliths aro numtrous, there is a complete absence ot sculptures. The soulptures vary in intricacy, from eimplo wave-lines and eup- markinga, to some that have been compared to the tattooing ot tho New Zealanders--— 'Knowledge. 