Poetry CAMP FIRE MEMORIES. THE sun has gone down, and I'm not at all sorry To hobble the mare out and put on her bell ; For we've had a hard day of labour and worry, And I'm not only tired but aching as well. For " Jenny " has given me a regular " buster;" (A cherub, I think, must preserve bushmen's necks ;) But 'twas my own fault, I was foolish to trust her; She's as treacherous, quite, as the rest of her sex. Though 'tis pleasant to rest and to puff at the briar-wood When the ' billy is slung and the " Johnny-cake's " made ; Yet all hands had better get plenty of firewood, For the night will be devilish cold I'm afraid. We talk of the stock when we've eaten our supper, As we lie round the fire with every pipe lit — Of how " Jenny " will kick if you put on a crupper, And how Ned's near poler will not pull a bit. But when all my mates are snoring around me, And nought else is heard but the distant horse-bells, I take out the last English letter that found me, And read, once again, all the news that it tells. The sweet, kindly counsel — the words of affection I pore over again till my aching eyes dim ; I've strained them, that's all — 'tis the dancing reflection Of the firelight that makes the words waver and dim. In fancy again I see those that love me — The chums of my boyhood, the place of my birth ; They are respectable, placed far above me, Whilst I am a wanderer — an outcast on earth. I know I've been wayward, wild, and offending, But I've never at least stuck in crime's dirty bog ; And as for this life — God alone knows its ending — A chance to retrieve, or the death of a dog. But should it be so— should stern fate put its veto . On the hopes that I build, the plans that I frame- Yet this I've determined (confound that mosquito) — : I'll never do aught to disgrace the old name. By jove ! there's the moon ! it is nearly eleven ; Like ghosts the black shadows are haunting the trees, And the big stars are trembling above in the heavens Like so many lamps flick'ring far in a breeze. . Well here's for a snooze — (was that " Jenny " neighing? ) I've got to turn out in the dawn cold and dim, For that rascal " Doctor's " a beggar for straying, And by sunrise the whole of the mob must be in. So if fortune should bring me good luck I will thank it ; Should it bring the reverse, I can take what may come ; And I drop off to sleep rolled up snug in my blanket With a faintly-breathed prayer for the dear folk at home CECIL W. POOLE. 