SOCIALITIES. SYDNEY TOPICS. Br BAVASD. The twelve good men and true, who, after fire days spent in an unsavoury court, in unsavoury turning over the M'Elhone Handsaker dunghill, returned a verdict for the Evening Hem on Friday last, have become the objects of universal approbation, at least, among that portion of the com munity which is not composed of black guards or larrikins. " Honest Jack M'Ellione," as you know, has been a par liamentary institution here for some years, a sort of sterquilinious Tribune of the people whose appetite for ribald, foul-mouthed abuse -could never be appeased. With all your queer specimens of the people's idolatry, I doubt whether you have ever had such a disgusting affliction as Mr. MTEIlione. He has a morbid abhorrence for every thing respectable or decent, which is quite unique in a man said to te worth about £150,000. An unrivalled speculator in tallow and wool, hestill found timp for the Assembly and for the display of that strange develop ment of patriotism which the lovers of scurrility call manly freedom, of speech, and everyone else .the outward and visible sign of inward and spiritual leprosy. His leading counsel, Mr. Owen, Q.C., in a powerful ad dress to the jury, said all that could have been said or imagined in his defence, but it was of no avaiL The jury, after a short con saltation, xeturned a general verdict for the Bvetung Noes, and thereby declared that there was nothing false or malicious in the published statements of that journal to the effect that M'Elhone, being the creditor of a man whom he knew to be a drunken vaga bond, procured fox him a government ap pointment, and paid himself out of nis salary, and that the same in corruptible guardian of the public purse planned his voyage to England for thepur {pose of escaping public execration and ex posure in that Assembly of which he boasted himself to be the only "bonest" member! In the name of Liberty, God knows what crimps have been committed all the world over. In the matter of "Honesty," John H'Elhonp will always be remembered as the man who made thp word "bonest" as applied to a member at Parliament a term of the most poignant irony. Mr. Owen, his counsel, admitted at the time that the verdict of the jury would merit for his.client either political extinc tion or regeneration. But 1 am informed by a friend not prone to exaggeration that, so far from "Honest Jack considering himself extinguished, he intends to issue another writ against the proprietors of the Evening Jfetva for some other alleged libel; also, that at the next general election be means to exert all his undonbtedly large in fluence among the Hunter Valley-selectors to get his friend Handaaker elected for some eligible" . constituency in that district. Well, VoffuelaGaUnu While on tiie subject ef libel actions it may not be superfluous to say that a report is current about Sydney to the effect that Sir Henry Parkes has decided, on the advice of his counsel, not to proceed with the civil action, for, I think, £10,000 damages, whichi after the abortive issue of the criminal proceedings against Mr. Webb, he had commenced in the Supreme Court If this advice was really given to Sir Henry Parkes, he will be wise to adopt and act upon it, for it is next to a tnopal certainty that no civil jury, oommonor special, will, by means of a substantial verdict with damages, con sign Mr. Webb to prison indirectly for the same offence which two 41 criminal' juries have refused tozeoognise as one which should directly b» visited with imprisonment > Whether Ob Beturick sriii DrooeM. with bis civil action against Mc. Webb I have not heard, 1>utt it is probable that he will follow the lead of his former leader. By the war, on* ex-Premier has just taken the most practical course of repudiating that humorous insinuation of the Attorney General's that he is a political corpse by an nouncing his intention of contesting the con stituency of Goulburn against Mr. ""Capti cornns" Land Act Commissioner Ranken, of the wfeU-known firm of Morrfs and Ranken (Unlimited). Mr. Gannon's recent resignation of his'seat for Goulburn has evidently had a powerfully resurgent opera taonon Sir Heffiry Partes, and for the -th time there will be {let as all implore) a reopening of thedoor of that political life which bas so often been closed for ever and for ever by its chronically despondent owner. Of course Mr. Dalley'a unconstitutional revcitti was Stirling enotigh a blast bo. cause Sir Henry r Partes not only .to turn uneasily in faiB sepulchre, but to burst Hie lid of his coffin andeihume for himsejf and on bis own hook bfsstill jealously parliamentary" remains. I should Hot wonderif thedoulbum people, far the- mere tan of the thing, <co-operate with his resurrec tionist impulses and certify that he is still ' all alive, oh i" But I think *' Capricornua" oughtunderallthe circumstances toretire from thecoutest, if for no other reason, at least in homage to the principle laid down in the preface to Pliny's Natural History, which, if <ny memory is not deceitful, is to the effect that " none but spectres enter into contests with the departed." "Capricornus," who ia a very " live'' man, if we may jndge from his abundant vocabulary of vivid adjectives whenever there is a chance offered of punish ing the land legislation of this squatter ridden country, ought to accept the obliga tion of vitality, and not vex the ghost of sir Henry at the bastings presently to be haunted by that perturbed but constitutional apparition. It is said, upon seemingly good authority, that David the Buchanan means Co move an amendment on the address the very first moment he can catch the Speakers eye on Tuesday afternoon, but that the Opposition do not propose, as at present advised, to give David much coun tenance. David's object in making this interesting motion is, so I am told, to accelerate the dismemberment of the empire by recording the fact that he is disloyal to the connexion, fie will probably emit Another "specimen of Australian oratory," and be promptly extinguished, unless the real Oppositionists see a chance of " snapping" a vote, in which case they will probably help the specimen rhetorician into a carefully constructed ditch, and then take the soqg out of iiis month. - A good many men have been named as having-sworn an oath to im peach - every -member-of lite Government (except Mr. Stuart) for violating the Consti tution of Quashibango by seeding troops to the assistance of Victoria Alexandrina Regina. But I fancy a good deal .of this mania for impeachment comes from the pernicious operation of fusel oil acting upon. souls suffused with_ indignation at the wrongs of Ireland or their owners' political obscurity. Oh, Sala ! George Augustus " to wit," whose " venue " ,ia the civilised world- and whose mission is to convert Australian heathen to a belief in the Encyclicals of the DaUy TdegrapJi in general, and the Pastorals of George Augustus in particular-what a sunny, delightful old humbug art thou ! After 30 years of captivity in the colonies, what joy for me to cast a longing, lingering look at that face of thine, with those two black sparkling nictitating, orbs keep ing watch and ward over that eloquent, genial, and mystic feature-the nose, with a visual range limited only by the visible horizon. ' When last I saw that ineffable mark of supreme individuality, it was in the precincts of a certain hostelry, whene the young lions of the Daily Telegraph, then, I think, presided over by Edwin Arnold, were wont to discu&s; the World, the Flesh, and the Devil, and take all humanity for their province (as Bacon did all learning), under the sweet inspiration of Allsop or Bass. The "Daily" did not then boast of a circulation of 300,000, nor had Geoige Augustus turned off his 7,000th leading article. Well, he was off to Melbourne on Monday, and I hope he had.a comfortable sleeping car; and, on his arrival, it goes withont hoping Mil bourne will distinguish herself, as she iu ways does, by the most hospitable appreciation of genius. In Sydney, on Saturday, we gave George Augustus a taste of our literary Bohemianism tinctured by Dalley and Sir Patrick [both, between ourselves, utterly irreclaimable Bohemians), by an invitation to maet as A la fourchette at the Athemeuni Club, which invitation he, the said G.A.S., ac cepted, and made us all proud of after a few minutes wrestling with that-spifit of humility which had always been bis besetting sin. In my last endeavour I ventured to hint that Froude the going, and Sala (please to pro nounce that word "Sailor," and thereby escape laceration) the coming guest, resemble one anbther principally in the delightful way of contrast Now that I have had the supreme joy of a yarn with James Anthony, and another with Geolge Augustus, I see no reason to recant. Wherefore, dear friends, let me say now what I have said before, and what very much wiser fellows have said before me, let G;A.S. see thingB for hitnseli Don't strangle him with statistics and blue books. (This is a prayer to E E Hayter, C.M.G., and God alone knows how many more additions.) But let him roam over your Elysian fields and stereotype you. ThoBe nictitating orbs are his stock-in trade. Leave their owner to the fall enjoy ment of what Nature has endowed him with. To translate us by virtue of figures and weights, and that sort of thing, has been attempted by not a few hurried empirics, with the results that we all wot of. Sup pose we give G. A.S. a chance of *' seeing " us with our eyes-Just for a Bample of his quality. 