letter: v Friday. ,r Bevrv v:as absent from the As- .ivon"Tnestbiy, and consequently i Tasmanif-n Treaty could net be dis- f-Ji until Wednesday, private mem-- : ni„ht. when the time for Govorn- jlnt business is limited. The political llnfo may got from this a cue as to -SrS-J ill bio. The policy of L Government now 5s to make a show .; fulfilling the promises made in the Lecli, bv introducing all the leading Assures, "and throwing them like bones the House to deal with. By this L ihev will bo able to go to the Utiy v-ith 11 £0G£l' :tafc UDfaimied- .jocriminc, capitalising it by the plea. I-gec what a nice -set ef pretty toys just ialf made we shall have for you if you us tack to the cabinet-making shop j complete them." Scarcely any of the -easures are really meant, nor would H possible to pass them into law this J..;iU if they were:; but they will servo iV" i,we?.t cry and little wool." " Ibe mayor's dinner ok Monday night Improbably be remembered as being j bv some of the worst speaking i fat lias ever been heard on a similar- -1 pcasion in the Town Hall. Every ijocaterwas at his flattest, and the Oulyy biercstiug contribution w;is that of Sir if. Napier Brown, the Governor of- Western Australia, whom we bad not: iSnl before. Sir W. N. B. is a bile gecimen of a plump, middle-aged, isa-eyed Englishman-, without starch ff frill's of any kind. He spoke lovingly ghis colony, in a manner that would 'eve made the fortune of any advertising arasser. and as he depicted her "Oiirces, her beautiful climate, the ; amv of her small people, the great arb they had already performed in bring greater train and telegraph mile- is than Victoria, and the inducements ii Australia of the west held- out to ra with capital and brains, the whie- sred word, " Advt," passed quietly sand the table, though we recognised ht the kind, frank- looking, genial usiish gentleman before us was speak- inu a worthy cause dear to bis heart, sir William Robinson, who usually rimes himself with statistics, was more afeclivc than usual. Mr Berry never role worse, and the officers bad, as 1 iiai, a deal to say, and not much in it. , Be sensation of the evening was created; lih the American Consul- General,. / Colonel Morgan, who spoke in a manner raeli seemed to indicate that be was. ) timing under considerable excitement, . Bough lie was l'or the most part inaud-: |i!e, and in doing so, Turned his back' jjpon ike Governor and the mayor, a: HarciimstaEce which excited much com- fr 1, tkeugk it may partly have been . j.usioned by his position at the head of lie reserved table which ran down the ;V5jKci immediately in front of the cross line. at whichtheir Excellencies, Admiral . | Tiyon and a few of the other notabilities ; we placed. if An unusual circumstance happened i u the Legislative Council 'Chambers on 2 Wednesday evening, on the order of the . fry being called on for consideration, in ; (ommitttee, of the Australian Executors Irastees and Agency Bill. Br Dobs on, ilo is the chairman of '.committees, rose and asked to be excused from offi- ! eating on that occasion, as foe was the : sirector of a rival company, which ap peared to be under the impression that fce latest-born one was taking- liberties s assuming a title so kindredTo its own. ke learned doctor also stated that as ik Chairman of Committees must take &e; chair if he were present in the dsoiber at the time, be intended to she that little Gordian knot of regula rs by skedaddling instanter. Mr plc&ded;, like ike fairies in " Iolan- 3»'" "Don't go." and stated the other (ocjpany were quite willing to hear all IrSabson could say. of thein ; bet the lotto? knew his. artfel little same best, . 3d accordingly disappeared. The Ems went into committee, ana Mr krimiir was voted to the chair, the ' proper chairman- being sagaciously r i absent, end as soon as he was ensconced : kerein, back popped the doctor, and \- tOBmeneed to belabor the bill from ifhe titer end.sf the table, exactly opposite khere he should have been sitting. i w fbc life .of me, I could not help com- : Paring this 'bobbing in and. out of his i £!8i process to Banquo's ghost when' : Heking to scare Macbeth at the banquet. ; Settling-night has proved too much fe some of the plungers over- the Cup I M;ting. Oneltrgefielder hasgone down ft "7000. There were very anxious \- ; Ifluj'ies for him, hut all that remained rs -he iutelligeEce that he ' had de- Plrtea for a neighboring colony. His appearance is peculiarly inopportune; « sereral who had betted largely with Inn for months past had "laid off" a por- ion cf iheir wagers at what to them |=emc-d & profitable price. Naturally, the \- party declines to allow himself to re- ain unpaid because the principal is a de- jOMter; go that the middleman has 0 bear the whole brunt of the loss. On p other side of the ledger, a firm of bettors are reported to have netted ecn two and three thousand, as the f their business over Caulfield, f .flbam and Williams town . : For the % the various sporting papers report a their offices are besieged by country PEOple holding tickets for: various win- ,!j a®unts, but who have been able to find the layers of odds. These 6 he gentry who arereadvto lay " any- apingf anythink." " 1 Ust now X am reminded that the ek>' OT>ner of the Melbourne Cup Jer, gossip hath it, is shortly to he to Bliss Gray; and that it is not A that after the ' interesting . emony part of the racing stud will be , j511 up. Mr Lougblin would appear afo upset the old saying, " unlucky at gambling, lucky, in love . for his successes on. the. colonial turf, both " over the sticks" and on the flat, have been proverbial, and noyi we. find.kim drawing a still more valuable prize in the matrimonial lottery. ........... . . ' . Recently' in the Rnll Court" one of their Honors was fain to confess that he had been misled in one of his judgments owing to an authority on which lie had relied being upset by a still later de cision' on the same point, and the record of which was not to be found in the Law Libraiy. Now we have another legal facuc pas occurring. One of. the judges had occasion recently to require a work lor reference. The work was. at once bought, and on the hack of it was the name of the author it was propo'Sed'td' consult. His Honor turned to the table', of. con tents, and was surprised to find that no mention whatever; was made of the matter undei; discussion. Then and there examination of- the book was made, and it wasi'ound that one set of statutes -and authorities had been hound up in ho lettered calfskin covers belonging to another set altogether. And how the question arises, " How many more books are there in the Law Library of the Supreme Court in a similar position ?" The publication of the ' news that a serious agitation is taking place in America for the absolute expulsion of Chinamen from the . States .. is already creating a stir in Melbourne. The chiefs, of the various " clans" are apprehensive that should that agitation take any definite shape, the Celestial labor market in Australia will he . flooded. . Most readers of American comic literature will remember the "pathetic manner in which Mr "William Nye deplored the ruin in which his country was . involved by the introduction of Chinese cheap labor. Well, here in Melbourne our comic writers are likely ere long to have food for their pens. Steadily, but surely, the almond-eyed Celestial has been making his way in all departments of work. How far he has gone in one direction — that of cabinet-making — the recent strike proved. Our artisans can for once, therefore, make common cause with the Chinese labor . associations in attempting to stop any farther spread of the yellow plagae. Many of yonr read rs will be p'ea«ed to learn that the movement f.>r the purpose of raising a fund to irect a memorial-stone over Clarence Whi-tler, and to send the surplus to his widow, in San Francisco, is making good progress. Already some substantial subscriptions 'have been reoeived, while others are promised. X have reason to know that Mrs Whistler is is anything but good circumstances 7 so that a few hundred pounds from her husband's admirers in a Ifar land would prove very acceptable. Curionsly enough, with all the thou sands of people who have been in Melbourne during ithe racing carnival, none of the theatres report a very large business. The Royal played " Rip Van Winkle" and an afterpiece to anything but crowded honses, and have new changed the bill to the " Shadows of a Great City," one of the plays Mr William- 60k secured for himself and partners duping his trip to Europe. A succession of like pieces will -be. produced up to Christmas time, when the "Sleeping Beauty" pantomime, for which the Aus tralian author, Garnet Walch, is doing the localisation, will take the boards. This yeair at the Royal we are promised all kinds of gorgeous pageants and pro cessions, with absolutely new clowning effeets. At the Opera House George. Rignold fcas revived the " Lights o' London." This will lead up to a season of opera in which a French lady who has ; been .ever since the Exhibition year acquiring 'One language will fill the leading role. The Bijou people are pLaymg " The Magistrate," with all its side splitting situations. Then will come comic opera., with a capital company, rocFQitod from , the bst &rtiist;>s in Au.8- tralia. Here again Messrs Williamson, Garner and Musgrove have the manage ment, aad iutend presenting the public with some rare Christmas novelties. At the Nugget, Victoria and St. George's halls minstrelsy is in foil swing, Leon and Cushman and Hiscock's minstrels having opened to splendid business. Altogether, the comfog. Christmas season promises to be an exceptionally brilliant one in the amusement ume. If the Tramway Company is not care ful, it will have its prospective dividends greatly hampered by heavy damages recovered for accidents to passengers. It will be remembered that in. Sydney for the first few months of ite existence the steam motor claimed on an average about one victim a week. With the absence of steam, our line is of coarse not se dangerous ; but Btili ugly accidents may happen if people will persist m stepping on to the wrong side. For a long time the billet of conductor will be anything but an enviable one. 