AN ADVENTUROUS NIGHT RIDL A STORY OF THE NILE. In Two Parts. — Part I. 4 Halloa, Fred ! Fred Lee ! Don't you know me V The speaker was a young Englishman in a pith helmet and suit of white, such as wa wore, most of us, under the fierce Egyptian sun. He was standing on the deck of a email steam3r, with the Viceroy's flag flying, which he commanded, and was nsar enough to the river bank to have been the first to recognise me as I strolled listlessly beside the Nile. 4 To be sure, Jackson !' I answered, with a laugh. 4 How goes it, old man? Any news up stream V My acquaintance — he had been a midship man in the Royal Navy before he took service under the Egyptian Government — told me briefly that he and his little vessel ai fn the flrcf rtoto r j nf r> .if UuiU «>CDU uiuigiuiA vw «UQ UAOV wuruiawV uu« far off, to being back wcud as to the probable nature of the expected inundation of the Nile, and whether it would be a 4 good ' or 4 bad Nile ' for the coming crops. 'I've been under fire, by-the-by,' said Jackson, carelessly, as he lit a fresh cigar and beckoned to his Arab call-boy. 4 A mere nothing ! Only some rascally Albanian soldiers that have mutinied and murdered their major, fifty miles off, at Ghalza, on account of their arrears of pay. They were on their way to the Soudan, and knew (has they were meant to die there — they had beeu too troublesome at Cairo, I suppose — aud now they ate paying cnemselves, plundering the country people, and cutting the telegraph wires. They peppered us with a raiding fire and wounded my black cook, but they'll be smoked out like a wasp's nest before I gee back from Assouan, while you are sate up here. Good bye, Lee ! Go on ahead !' The steamer passed on, and I rambled back — it was deep in the afternoon — to my house beside the sufar mill of which I was manager, .and whica belonged to a wealthy Egyptian pasha, who had been glad to engage an Englishman to look after his interests and transmit the profits of the business to Alexandria. happened that I had especial qualifications for such a post, having managed in the West Indies a similar concern, and I have- no reason to complain of my employer 'a estimate of the value of my servioss, since my salary of three hundred a year was, in that cheap district, regarded as a liberal one. But then I was in love, and could not, so the parents of my affianced one thought, afford to marry until I should have climbed higher up Fortune's ladder. Art?sia, the gtri I loved, was the eldest daughter of a rich cotton-planter— Mr, Marmadu&e; Harris —who had purchased an estate known as the Island of Sarchiepunta, ninety miles lower down the Nile, and which consisted of eleven hundred acres ,of btaok alluvial soil, skirted by cane brakes and tue remains of ancient canals, and which, though a mere promontory, had probably been onoe an actual ielet, as it i was still called. Mr. Harris was a kind man, and well to do, hot he had half a dozen olive 1 ranches to provide for, and, though £ was personally a favourite with the H iris family, I believe, declined to sanotion any for® engagement between Attesia and myself unti my worldly circa m'tuiQes should have alter a J for the baiter. But I had the ass irsnce of the dear girl's truth and faith, and could affrrd, therefore, to wait and hope. I was pacing to and fro in the verandah of the houss attached to the mill, and which was my official place of residence, when 1 saw approaching -tne, at the swinging, sling ing trot of a fleet dromedary, red-saddled, the quaint figure of a little old man, whose portentous turban, flowing beard, and stream ing robes denoted the prisstly character. Soon I reaognisad Hassan, the Turkish dervish— Hassan Abd El Kerim, as he was usually styled — and who bare a high reputa tion for sanctity along the banks of the Nile. Hassan was an old person age — one of the dancing dervishes of Pera, who had left hia European convent, why or wherefore I never exactly knew — and I had made his acquaint ance in an odd way. Six months before the date of my tale I had chanced to see the tiny paper boat — one of those papyrus canoss that . have existed in Egypt since Herodotus was a special correspondent — which contained the dervish and a negro boatman, ground upon a shoal and capsize. The black, uneucumb3red with superfluous garments, swam away to shore ; but the luckless dervish, over-weighted with his wet robss, was drowning when I dashed in, grasped his arm, and brought him »afely back to land. The incident was, of itself, commonplace enough. What was remarkable was Hassan's gratitude. Moslem and semi- saint as he was, he formed a sincere attachment towards the English infidel who had saved his life, and p ove 1 it partly by quotations from the Koran aud the poets, and partly by the singular interest which he never failed to show in my well- being, Frank and Christian as I was. I went out to the gate to meet my quser friend, but on this occasion his behaviour was unexampled. He made his dromedary kneel, slowly dismounted, and pitched the red- tassel led bridle over a gate past, after which, without salaam or salutation of the customary kind, he brushed past me and siaifeed, ghost like, into the house. I followed, and found the dervish in the centre of the floor of my large, sparely- furnished sitting- room, in front of which the verandah ran, commanding a view of the broad, smooth Nile. 4 Welcome, Hassan Abd El Ksrim!' said I, in Arabic, and then added the Turkish words, 4 Hoosh Bouldook,' or 4 Well seen.' Not a syllable nor a gesture did the dervish you oh safe by way of reply, but, gathering up his Bkirts with somewhat of the air of an opera-dancer, he silently began a rapid, revolving dance, such as on!y great practice and painful tuition could have rendered possible. Sometimes the little man was stationary, spinning like some hugs top, ia a manner which it made one's brain reel to watch ; and at others he was darting about the room like an angry wasp, gyrating in every direction, his garments floating on the breeze, whi'e his heavy turban, his venerable beard, and the intense solemnity of his expression lent an additional drollery to the singular gambols whioh he had thought fit to icdnlgs in. I was sorely perplexed. I knew enough of the East and of its people to be aware that this was no mere freak of a half-mad Santon, bat a religions exercise, seriously performed, and really believed tu be of vital importance by the fanatic wno ws thus rotating before my eyes. That this dance was the pre liminary to some momeutou i communication I could ecarcely doubt. Bus whenever I attempted to speak, my faBt- spinning visitor gravely lifted bis haud in token of warning or rebuke, and in perfec: silence reeu aad his solitary waltz. Quicker and quicker grew the dance, cue perioral sr at iecei »al flapping his arms like wings, and than agrin pausing to give three jumps, wnile his rolling eyes seemed a? full of hidden meaning as Lird BurhigU'd famous nod. I piokid up my pips, the atem of whioh was of the Syrian lilac, and, taking my seat on the divau that was the chief article of furniture in the room, and which was oot of the dancer's w ay, s noked philosophically while awaiting the conclusion oi toia strange scene. At iaat lae reverend guest seamed satisfied in his mini, for he came aoruptiy to & stop, and, very hot aud breathless, gasped out: 4 What says the Koran?' 4 That we should show proper hospitality to our friends,' said I, intolerably fluent Arabic, as I rose from my seat and offered a caerry wo id chib .uque, with amber mo -Jthpiece and gaudy bowl, to the visi or. 4 Y ju must be thirsty, too, Hassan, after your rida, am there is bttil s jme of i hs pale ale left ; or Ali, the boy, shall L'.ch us sherbet and c ifee if you prefer it, and - — ' ' Fred !' exclaimed the dsrvish, with an in difference to tobacco and malt anl hops wiiica he had never before shown. If I hive ; ridden fast and far, a» I have, from above Assouan, and at a speed that few dromedaries save mine — my dear one, which is almost a match for even Ei Borak, the winged s;etd of our prophet— could exert, trust me that it was to pay a debt — the debt of a life. I am a believer. Thou, O Effendi, art a Ghiaour, and yet I have not forgotten whose strong hmds dragged me from the eddies of the Nile ; and now, when you aLo are in daager, I cannot but hurry to warn you as if you were a brother and a Mussulman even like myself.' 4 Danger !' ejaculated I, half inoredalous, for I could not oonceive the nature of any peril that should threaten me where I lived Egypt was then, under the stern rule of Ismail Pasha, a quiet country, where the patient Fellaheen were no more likely to harm a European, than a flock of sheep to molest a stranger, and there was not a wild Bedouin within leagucB. But Hassan a gam raised his hand. 4 It is coming !' he Cried, impatiently ; 4 it is coming — the Nile flood ! No gentle flow to quicken the harvest, but a roaring sea with all its then sand waves, washing away man and beast, hut and » palm tree, as it comeB. It is a Nile of wrato, such a Nile comes but once in forty years, and there will be wailing and rain on its track, Fly ! fly at once ! for house and mill will be, ere half an hoar, but as atiaws drifting down the furious 4ide !' I grew pale as I heard this, aud as Hassan, in answer to my questions, persisted that ;oaly the swiftness of the auimti he rode had enabled him to outstrip the raging flood. The euzar mill and the manager & hou«i hd bsen built on low ground, and were exposed to the full force of the inundation, but my own safety would easily be secured by hurry ing to one of the higher apots whereon the hamlets of the peasantry stood. I eauld in nowise protect the property of my employer, to whose Ori m'al carelessness was due the liability to peril by an unusually high fl >od, and to whom the damage done merely repre sented the loss of so many piastres. But I was much more concerned for the probable fate of the girl I loved, and of her father and mother, brothers and Bisters, ninety mile" down the Nile Valley, on the easily over flowed island of darchepunta, and without a thought of the coming disaster. 4 Good heaveus I I exclaimed in English. 4 Why, they will all parish in their sleep !' Hassan, the dervish, knew no more of English than he did of Chinese, but he was a kind-hearted little man, and, aftar matters had been explained to him, he evinced a real interest in my evident distress. The problem before me was, how to reach Sarchapunta in time to warn the Harris family of the near ness of the fast-approaching peril? There were neighbours — Mahometan gentlemen, who talked French and sipped champagne— any of whom would have lent me a good horse in my sore need. But valuable time would be wastad in the neoeaBary pre liminaries, and the best horss io Upper Egypt could not race with the Nile flood for ninety mile3. 4 There is but one thins for it !' exclaimed Hassan, almost as excited as myself. 4 You must ride my Pearl, my Mootee, my peerless dromedary, and I will trust her — yes, trust her to you, Christian as you may be, friend ! Fred, rather than the moon-eyed English beauty that you love should be awakened from her sluoibere by the icy touch of Azrael —the angel of Daath 1 Yes, I will lend you my dromedary — it is the only ohanoe. Her fleet feet can devour the way from here to Sarchepunta, and she is tireless, and mocka at fatigue, where a orave horse would bre ik his heart and die. And I will teach you bo v to make her kneel and rise aud hasten at your L ? 3 f 1 3 M ,B. . # A M n A A !%» >A v n ajh1! ca 1 UiaUiug. Due iiCSk# HJi tua DOlAUl i We hastened out— I calling aloud to my servants that the Nile wave was coming down upon us, and t and fly ; and hastily the dsrvish explained to ma how to make a dromedary obey my call, and put the tasselled bridle of the docile beast — no w tranquilly kneeling to receive its new rider —into my hand. 4 Be careful of my Pearl !' — the little Turk almcat sobbed out the words as I oordially wrung his hand at mounting. 4 She is a lamb, a dove, a treasure of the purest breed of El Maghreb — Morocco, as you Franks call it— in the Far West, a true Shreeb Er Raeh, or wiud- drinser, and could rod for forty-eight hoars without water ox rest, like an antelope of the defers. I must love you dearly, O unbeliever ! to modnr you on her re J saddle and to consign her to your oare. But quick, for already I hear the roar of the flood.' 1 I, too, could hear a doll, confused noise, like the waves of au angry sea. I jerked the bridle, and laid my hand on the dromedary's neck. Silently the animal rose, -and, in obedience to a second jerk of the bridle, set off, arrow swift, at a run, so silent and so rapid that it seemed ghostlike in its speed and noisolessness. My farewell to Hassan was but a f.ieudlj nod, bat, as I looked round, 1 saw the dervieh, in company with my three servants, scrambling np the tortnous path amongst the sandhills that led to the npland villages, planted on sites oat of reach of any ciaoaivable rising of the river. My own coarse lay northwards, and, as we sped along the sm-josh road that bordered the Nile; I twice turned my head so as to oatoh a glimpse of something tawny and streaked with white that aam9 along like a moving wail wi;h a low, sullen roar, and a splashing, gurgling sound. How I regretted the half-hoar or more which had b en consumed by that religious dance With aiah Hassan had thought tic to prelude ma communication ! B .t the fleet dromedary Mt the menacing sights and sounds bcaind, rushing on rapidly along the sandy track. I hai never b fore ridden a dromedary — an animai wnion diners irom a camel much as a racehorse differs from a cart hor e, able to oarry but ligafc weights, but capable of accomplishing marches each as the best-rnountei irregulars of oar Indian cavalry could never oompajs. Still, ninety rniiea seemed to me a long, long distance when, full in chase, cams the formidable iuub datum, and when all depended on tne eudurance of the flax-fuotad creature on whose bak I was perched. £ had travelled through the night for about six hours, and judged by the landmarks that some two thirds of the weary way had btea traversed, when suddenly, by the pale light oi the crtsoeot moon, I caught sight of a tdft of palm tcres and a group of red granite pillar, marking the site of a ruined temple, and amidst which my eye caugat the gleam of arms and the flutter of snowy kiits as a -lumber of picturesque forms stood grouped around a ruddy wacabfire. My very blood ran cold as I perceived that I had, in my in- caatioas haste, blundered upon the bivouac of the mutinous Albanian solditry of Ghalza, and that a rough interruption to my journey was to be expeoted. 4 Halt 1 Btand 1 or I fire !' shouted three of the roboer soldiers, in very imperfect Arabic, i but emphasising their meaning by pointing their muskets at my person, while two others rushed to seize my bridle. Resistance and expostulation were alike useless. I was compelled to dismount, deprived of my dromedary, and plundered of my watch, money, and revolver with a promp.it ade whioh could only have been she result of long praotioe. Then, with a cord knotted round my wrists, I was dragged to the inner circle that was made by the red glow of the firelight/ 4 Why, the fellow is a Frank!' ha wild oneoC my captors. 4 An Ingliz, too !' responded another of the Arnants ; ' I saw pleuty of them, when I was a boy, over in Corfa there. They spoke in modern Greek, with occasionally a Turkish or a Slavonic word interpolated, bot I, whose father had been ; a consul in the Levant, and who, ts v»- s tripling, had been reputed oUver at the languages, understood it perfectly. Some disappointment was expressed thaTliT a rich Bey or wealthy landowner »vBo ransom would be easily extorted and grim marauder eugge t<»d that to bind 8 neck and heels and fimg ms into thaVl9 would h. aiifie.bl.; bat rnuJer , prevailed My wrists were aires Iv ? I together, and now I was tethered with hair rope to a shattered pill« of oriml porphyry, wh te a few h%odfals of Q J.® dharra stra w and a tattered capote were fl upon the ground to serve me for a bed I knew the wild natures of those who n held me prisoner too well to dream th expostulation or entreaty could prevail g ai I warned them of tha approaching fl ,0a u. would have mocked me, and. ind ed, Qha ey perohed on a high aad rocky bi'nk tolerably eeoure from an inundation' / fruitless would it have been to mention m anxiety on Artesia's account, or the aatise of my harried journey. There was little aenti ment in the hearts of these dissolute mercenaries, any one of whom wonH probably have stabbed his best friend for the sake of a gold piece, and whose only appeared to be the gay good-humour which cupidity or caprioe might in a moment convert into fury. A picturesque bivouac it was. The retnainj of a sheep, roasted whole, and which had been roughly aarved with kniveg aad daggers yet dangled before the fire by a stout iron chain, aud opposite to it a huge camp kettle which had contains i a savoury Ete of kid' fowls, and rice, was suspended. Supper was over, however, anl the Araaots, divided into groups, were gambling with gceasy cards, or at a game resembling the Neapolitan morra- while one tall fellow, in enm-oa j.ce; aud white fuEtanelle, and wi:h a dej scar of a sword-cut crossing his villainous countenance was twangling a guitar. No food wai offered to the captive, nor, iudeed, could I have eaten & morsel; but a Paiikar, more merciful than the others, gave me a gourd nearly full of water, and filled up the rule goblet with fiery corn-brandy from a bcr.tle which he carried under his arm, and I thankfully swallowed the contents, f it I waj parched with thirst and spent with tji1. Presently the brawling of the gamblers eeased aad the twang of the guitar was hushed, and all the Alb mums laid thernjplmi down to rest, some close to the gmwicg embers of the fire, and others croicaiug beside fallen pillars aad blocks of graaue. I, aowever, was in no mood for i>lsn, left as I was to the bitterness of my retlrj-no-. Hjw I blamed my own want oi ptaien? in venturing, as I had done., into the lion's den, and in omitting to give a wide b?rth to Ghalza and the fierce mutineers whj garrisonel it ! Tii9 consequences of my .ashness might — nay, must — fatal to her whom I lovei best, sines no timely warning conld be given, and I fsured that befxe morning my beloved and her who-e kith ani kin would have Derished in the ra«hl&8 flood. — 4 Oasseli's Saturday Journal.' (to se coxclcdbd ix oua .vest.) 