NO ALTERNATIVE. BY THE AUTHOR OF 'DENIS DONNE,' &C; CHAPTER XI. — ' NOT YET.' ' Well met !' Jack Ferrier had cried out, in the jubilant agitation of this first moment with her, bis queen, after their comparatively lone separation ; but they one and all felt that bis words were a mockery, and that they were quite the reverse of ' well met,' that, in fact, they were very ill met indeed. For the two men distrusted each other, and, through some extraordinary distortion of judgment, each one distrusted the girl. ' Is she fooling me or him ?' was the question asked of himself by both Claude Powers and Jack Ferrier. ' Is she going to be a recreant to a freely-pledged faith ? is she going to throw me over for the first fellow who holds his finger up ?' Claude questioned savagely of him self. And simultaneously Jack Ferrier was saving to himself, 'Is she playing for the higher stakes? is she using me as a bait to bring him on ? It isn't in her to resist the temptation of being Mrs. Powers of the Court.' So even the men who loved her thoroughly misjudged her. Meanwhile, demurely as she paced along be tween the two men, she was in a verv temrjest of agitation, ot doubt, and bewilderment, and (it must be written) of flattered, fluttering vanity. She was no impossible monster of perfection, this poor little tossed-about heroine of mine. She was essentially human, therefore very faulty, and very lovable, and the conduct of her two companions taught her clearly that she was this latter thing, and well she liked the teaching. She caught herself comparing them, con trasting them, defining delicate points of re semblance and difference between them, as they tried to talk lightly and easily about common- place things, leaving her the while in silence mercifully. And it never does answer to contrast or to compare two people together wbomwebave hitherto thought we liked equally well, and were equally well worthy of one liking. It never does answer. One must lose, and, as a rale, the one who loses is die one we have believed in the most blindly and fondly hitherto. ' Claude can talk, and Claude can be obstinate, and a trifle unjust,' Harty thought ; ' he's rather masterful too, and, as he has no open claim upon me, he onghtn'f to be that ; bat' (with a sigh) ' he' knows everything ; perhaps Mr. Ferrier would alter if he knew everything too.' 'You got your locket safely?' she asked suddenly, speaking out of the fullness of her heartt which could only feed upon that one subject just now. ' Yes,' be said, speaking so low that Claude, on die other side of jher, could not distinguish the words that were spoken. ' Yes, and the note too. What a freezing note it was ; what chilling wind was sweeping over you when yon wrote it ?' ' Self-reproach for having used conceal ment towards you,' she whispered promptly, turning her face to him, ' and cold uncertainty «s to whether I should be candid in die future with yon or not.' ' It won't be my fault if I fail to win your confidence,' he muttered in reply ; and by this time Claude was thoroughly vexed and aggrieved, as a man always is if he hears the ' lowered-tone' system applied to another man by a woman in whom he is interested. He felt wronged and wrathful, only because he could not bear distinctly what two of bis fellow-creatures were saying to each other. And he felt annoyed with himself for enter taining such feelings, and altogether humi liated and put in die wrong place. It was almost a relief to him that they were just turning into die High-street, and that die moment for parting with Harty had come, for would not Jack Ferrier have to part with her too? ' Good-bye,' he said, taking Harty's hand and holding it for a moment or two. ' If my aunt tries to beguile you and your sister over to-morrow, will you come ?' (He really could not constrain himself into abstaining from her society a day longer.) ' Y7ou will come, won't you ?'' he added, amending die phrase. Her heart did not bound responsively to his invitation. The truth came home to her heart, and pressed heavily upon it. She was not essentially delighted at the idea of seeing her lover the next day. The power of feeling ecstasy about him had passed away for ever. ' He has called me ' changeable,9 ' she thought, ' and I am — of course I am — Claude is alwaysright.' And she felt a hot throb of anger against him, for that he had not combated her weakness. 'A man oughtn't to let a girl change when once she loves him ; Claude put the idea that I might do so into my bead.' She was regarding him wistfully and un easily as she thought over these things ; and somehow she forgot to speak, and there was silence for a moment or two. 'Will you come?' Claude asked, more earnestly. ' I suppose so,' she said ; and then she re membered that Jack Ferrier would be there ; and at die remembrance, in spite of everything, her heart and her face lightened. 'Good-bye,' Claude repeated, in fat, dis appointed tones. A presentiment of what was coming was pressing upon him heavily. ' Come oa, ' he added, carelessly, to Jack Ferrier, as Harty mounted the door-steps. ' If Miss Carlisle will allow me, I will go in and see Mr. Devenish,' Jack Ferrier said, hesitatingly ; and Harty, with one passing look of apology at Claude, acquiesced in bis request, while Claude, with a sickening, indignant feel ing at his heart, went away. She opened the door and he followed her in, wondering within himself whether or not his time had really come, striving to assure him self that be would be prudent, and not pre cipitate. Harty walked along die passage towards the door of die drawing-room, where she antici pated finding die family assembled. Not that she desired to see one of their familiar faces. On the contrary, what she did desire, was a few minutes unrestricted intercourse with Jack Ferrier, in order that she might tell him ever thing she bad to tell — everything that was dogging her spirit, and wearying her heart, before he had time to go any further. 'Before he had time to go any further,' lack Ferrier was not die type of man who suffers himself to be made die fool of time. His quick glance took in die fact as he followed her, that the dining-room door was ipen, and the dining-room itself was empty. He had not come in for the purpose of talking polite conversation to the rest ortne family ! He had come in, he felt in a flush, for Harty, and Harty only. ' Come in her; for a minute,' he said, and widi flattering readiness, she turned and followed him. She did not think it needful to make any protest She uttered no idle platitudes about ' going to look for any one else.' She knew that he wanted her, and so she only watched Slim closely as he shut the door, 'and (and throwing prudence to die winds) came up im jtatiently close to her. He looked so strong and generous in his grand, powerful, fair, manlv beauty, as he stood over her, that she felt as a brown mouse, looking up at a magnificent tiger, might feel. Fhere was about him such an atmosphere of manliness, and confidence, and courage. She longed to find out whether or not he would be pliant in her hands. She shuddered to feel lerself swerving towards him and away from Claude every instant ' Look here,' he began, in wonderfully soft, jdbdued tones for Jack Ferrier, ?? the tone of row note seemed to me to imply that you wished me to keep away from vou, and I have kept away all this time ; but it's been the lardest work I have ever done in my life ; tell ne diat it's die last task of die kind you'l. overset me. Harty! tell me in words what pour eyes have told me already to- day, diat I inay come to you ? ' He was going to take her hand, but she stepped back from him, clasping her hands together at the back of her neck, almost mad dening him by die wild, childish grace of die gesture, perplexing him by die apparent avoidance depicted in the act, for in spite of it all her soul was in her eyes, and all her soul seemed seeking him. ' Wait,' she said, ' I have sometbng to tell you, something horrible to tell you, before you say another word to me.' ' You can have nothing to tell me that will check die utterance of die words I want to say to you.' ' Ah ! but I have,' she cried, impetuously, ' that's what is so dreadful ; I ought to have told you before— before we got to like each other as well as we do ; I ought to have told you that when you gave me your conridence about your brother — when you showed me die likeness, and told me how cruelly the original bad been driven to death ? ' ' Wait till you have heard, what I want to say first,' he eagerly interrupted. ' Nothing you can say can stop me; I love yon so, Harty, that nothing short of your being another man's wife could stop me.' ' I never could be diat,' she said, unclasp ing her bands, and holding them out to him as she sank down on a chair, and really believing that she loved this man so much for bis bold fervour diat die past romance of her life with Claude had been a delusion — ' I never could be diat ; but I shall be Harty Carlisle to die end, because when I tell you, you'll leave me, and despise yourself for ever having draught of loving me.' He slipped a snake ring off his finger, and put it on hers before he answered. Then he stooped and kissed her. 'The emblem of eternal devotion, my darling,' he said ; ' our engagement ring.' And a ring diat Claude had given her in ratification of a similar arrangement with him self was on die finger of her other hand the while. Another-'emblemofetemaldevotion,' another twisted golden bauble writhed its fascinating folds, snake-like, around her. But she had no thought of either diat gift or die giver of it ; she was thinking solely diat when she told die truth (as Harty always would tell it), she would lose diis man whose love had be come so precious to her. ' Our engagement ring,' she repeated after him, mournfully ; ' die magic ring that forces me to tell you diat Mr. Devenish is die roan who maligned your brother into murdering himself.' ' Now, you dear little melodrama tist,' he said, joyously taking her in his arms (and bow ready Harty was to be so taken !), ' what does this fact diat you have mistakenly mag nified into importance matter to us? Don't yod diink I can separate you from yonr step father, Harty ? Have yon dreamt of me as a Corsican bent on bringing the vendetta system to bear upon our case ? I ve trespassed a good deal in the course of my life, Bury. I don't come to you a white-handed saint by any means, so I'll only pray humbly diat poor Devenish may be forgiven his evil deeds by Heaven, as heartily as he is by me. Is your heart at rest, darling?' 'No,' she said, with a qualm that was rendered agonising by recollection and self reproach, as a vision of Claude Powers, and what he would be justified in thinking of her, rose up before her; 'no, my heart isn't at rest ; it's shaking with such a feeling of fear as makes me long to go away somewhere, and hide myself.' ' Not from me, darling !' ' Yes, even from you.' She spoke with bitter, sad, truthful emphasis. All die excitement, all the glow of love for this man, and gratification at his expressed and honestly avowed love for her, bad faded out of her face. A weary, harrassed-looldng girl, she stood before him, resembling far more a woman who had lost all she prized in life rather than one who had just won her lover. ' I'll soon cheer you out of these fitful fears, my darling,' he said, heartily ; ' your spirit has been weighted by the atmosphere of your home far too long ; but you'll rebound into your best self permanently when you come^tonie and a brighter life, poor little pet ! And you have been bothering yourself this last week by thinking diat I should cherish malevolent feel ings towards Mr. Devenish? But die dead past shall bury its dead, dearest ; and you shall be die one to let him know that I will be neither his accuser nor his judge.' ' You're very generous and forgiving,' she was beginning, when he stopped her by saying: ' No, I'm very fond of you ; that's the secret of it ; I'd forgive die deadliest . wrong Or at could be done to me for die sake-of getting you, Harty. You've become like my life to me.' She heaved a passionate sigh. ' You would forgive anything — anything?' she asked, eagerly, winning him to her more and more each moment with all the force and power of hei semi- unconscious subtilty. ' Would you forgive me anything, and* love me just die same?' Her coaxing voice fell softly on his ear, her nervous, light, thrilling touch was on his arm, her winsome mobile face was bending towards him in pretty ardent supplication. What wonder that he was ready to promise her any thing — anything ! ' Forgive you, and love you the same, I should rather think I could,' he murmured. '* Why, Harty, you couldn't do anything that would cost me an effort to forgive ; you're too good, and pure, and true ; what distrust of me made you say that, dear ?' ' I have something else to tell you, some thing diat I don't think you'll quite like,' she said tremblingly ; ' something that I ought to have told you before.' ' Something that's about as important to us as your connexion with Mr. Devenish,' he said, with a reassuring smile. ' Well, tell it to me in your own good time, now or never.' And then he drew her to him and kissed her, and Harty felt diat she could not tell him about Claude Powers now. ' Not now ; I will be quite happy to-night, ?he whispered, looking up at him ; it's nothing rery bad,' she went on extenuatingly, ' no hing that many other girls don't do.' ' It is that you have been in love before, I suppose,' he said, quietly ; ' never mind ; do jrou remember what one of die girls does in -ne of Charlotte Bronte's novels ? ' buries her ove-letters in a grave at the foot of a tree.' I prefer making the fire the last resting-place of -uch things ; we'll have a holocaust before we narry, for I have fancied myself in love before o-day, darling, and have written of my fancies ; :ell me, haven't I guessed the worst ?' ' Very nearly,' she said, beginning to look noie leniently upon her own case and conduct 0 Claude, and still feeling strangely reluctant 0 tell out all that was to be told. ' Then now we'll say no more about it,' he mswered, lightly. 'You're mine now, wholly and solely mine, aren't you, and I should like to tell your mother all about it to light ; may I go and speak to her ?' She shrank and shivered with a nameless, lot to be defined terror. Her mother, in her unazement, would probably speak about Zlaude. Or even if maternal love and pru lence made her mother reticent, malignant 'eeliog would prompt Mr. Devenish to make same reference to the old bond. No, she lared not risk this being done to-night ' No, no,' she entreated, come ** to-morrow int he daylight, when it will be brighter, and I an bear it better ; it will seem so sudden to them that they may say something if they hear }f it before they hear a word from me ; I'd rather diat no one heard of it to-night, because t is sudden, you know.' ' Very well ; no one shall hear of it to-night accepting Claude,' he answered, cheerily. 'Excepting Claude!' she gasped out. 'Oh, no, no, not Claude — yet' ' Why not ?' he asked, with a little exhibi tion of surprise. ' You hardly understand the sort of bo d that exists between Claude and nyself. He will be as glad for me almost as [ am for myself.' ' Glad !' she panted out ' Yes, darling ; glad. You women hardly inderstaad this sort of thing. I know he was rather inclined to go down before you when he ame home first, but he surrendered his chances to me.' ' He did ?' she questioned, in a fury. 'Well, that's a. broad way of putting it, perhaps.' Jack Ferrier said, easily. ' We never talked about it, you see ; but I could see that Claude understood what was going on well enough.' She was silent, and tingling with mortifica tion, raging against Claude in her souL True diat she was a recreant to 'he faith she bad pledged to him. But then he was a man. It behoved him to be firmer and stronger than a weak ' changeable' girl could be expected to prove herself. ' Changeable !' Why on earth had he ever applied die epithet to her, an-i taught her to feel diat she was so, without being utterly contemptible, utterly blamable ? Changeable ! He had known her to be so, had charged her with being so, and had gone on loving her just the same. It was her nature to be so. Was she criminal because she was natural? ' If it's a demon iacal attribute he should have exorcised it,' she thought, in a passion ; ' but he told me it was human, and Claude always taught me to respect humanity.' Her being change able, the fact of her having changed was not one fraction so iniquitous as that he should have seemed ready to surrender her. 'And now, darling,' Jack Ferrier whis pered, caressing her as he spoke, 'as you won't let me have it out with your people to night, I'll go back, and leave you to have it out with your mother. Will you let me come to-morrow ?' Before she granted his request she proffered one of her own. ' Don't say anything to Claude Powers to night.' she oleaded. ' .nonsense, nonsense ; ne s not one ot the selfish bachelor friends you read of in unreal novel pictures of life, who hold diat a man dial's married is a man diat is married. He'll be heartly glad that I have won such a wife as you will be, Harty. Claude and I have pro mised each other diat no woman shall ever come between us, and if I had fallen in love with a fool it might have gone hard with his fidelity to me. As it is, you'll cement the union, strengthen the bond between us.' How every word he spoke wrung her heart ! How every mark of confidence he showed dial he felt in her and her mere friendship with Claude, seared her soul ! In her passionate, almost despairing, agony of self-humiliation and fear, she launched out the words : 'It will be a union in which there will be no strength ; don't try to form it to-night.' Fobaps bis mood nay not be fuupiaoiu, 'or I shall be -late for dinner,' Jack Ferrier laughed ; 'good-bye till to- morrow, darling, and in the mean time don't raise imaginary ghosts.' He went away then noisily, confidently, happily, stalking through the . passage with a loud, self-asserting, determined tread, that seemed to be full of assurance of all manner of protection, and promise of refuge to her. Aid she stood in the doorway wal-rbing him, f±t?:«:-g fearfully proud of him, and nf herself for b.!o ig ing to him, and wondering treaib'.ing h 1 v it would all end. Sue closed the door with a sigh a-.v.l a shudder as he passed out of her sight. K --t s j ought she to have turned from the vanishing new love, but the fact was, that a. vision of the old one had risen up before her. A vision of Claude as he would look when his eyes met hers for die first time after he had gained the knowledge of her perfidy. She went into the drawing-room feeling like a criminal, laden with her books and news papers, blessing these latter for that the sight of diem took off Mr. Devenish's attention from her unconquerable agitation, and harassed Iooking face. He was so eager for the latest intelligence; or at least for the sight of some thing sufficiently fresh to draw his thoughts away from the source of his eternal discontent, and he scarcely glanced at Harty, who felt die abstinence from attention to be a sort of reprieve. She was very quiet, very strangely subdued, very unlike herself for the remainder of thai evening. The work which she held in her hand was an intricate design in point lace, which gave her a fair excuse for seeming deeply absorbed, and for bending her tell-face down very low indeed. ' How perseveringly you're keeping to that flounce, Harty,' Mabel remarked. ' I believe you have heard of some projected pleasant gaiety, and you want to deck yourself out for it ; have you seen any one to-day ?' ' Yes,' Harty answered curtly, nodding her head. ' Have you seen any of the Court people ?' Mabel went on, questioning with a slight increase of colour. . 'Yes.' 'Which of diem?' 'Mr. Ferrier and Clau — Mr. Powers,' Harty said, resolutely, throwing up her head, checking herself in the pronuueiation of his Christian name by the timely, bitter remem brance that she bad forfeited all right to call him by it any more. She faced Mabel's look of almost suspicious inquiry bravely enough, but her eyes fell by and-bye when she found herself alone with her mother, and knew that die moment had come for her to tell her tale. ' Mamma, don't exclaim or show much sur prise,' she began, speaking very rapidly. ' 1 have to tell you of a great change— I have promised to marry Mr. Ferrier.' Of course, in spite of the prohibition, Mrs. Devenish did exclaim, and did express a vast amount of surprise. But through it all there ran a vein of satisfaction at Harty having at last relinquished die man who had wounded Mr. Devenish ; and Harty dwelt upon this satisfaction, and strove to lake courage from it. She winced a little, however, when her mother said : *' It seems sudden to me, you know, dear, startlingly sudden, for I had no idea of it ; but I suppose Claude Powers saw it going on, and was .prepared to hear it ?' ' He doesn't know it yet.' Harty stam mered. ' What ! You engaged to the oilier man, and Claude not know it yet ! Oil, Harty !;' ( To be Continued, j 