PROTESTANT HALL AT WAGGA. : The Wagga Wagga Express contains a :reportof the laying of the foundation stone of a Protestant Hall at Wagga, on the 5th inStant, the anniversary of the celebrated Jesuit's gunpowder plot. Tho site of the ground is in Bhylis-strcet, and the stone was formally laid by Mr. Frederick Chisholm, of Bulls Run. Mr. J. J. M'Nickle placed a bottle in tho cavity of the stone containing copies of the Wagga Wagga Express , Advertiser , and Pro - testant Standard ; also a written statement, of which the following is a copy : — " This cornor stone of the Protestant Hall was laid by F. Chisholm, Esq., on the fifth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, being the forty-ninth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Right Hon. Lord Augustus Loftus, G.O.B. being Governor of the Colony of New South Wales, Geo. R. Dibbs, Esq., being Premier of the said Colony and representative of the electorate of the Murruuibidgee in. the Legis? lative Assembly, James Gormley, Esq. and Alex. Thorley Bolton, Esq. being the other Parliamentary representatives of the .said electorate of the Murrumbidgee in which this Hall is situated. God save tho Queen. P'ipors deposited' — Wagga Wagga Express ,: Wagga Wagga Advertiser, and Protestant Standard." The inscription on tho stone was— " Protes tant Hall Co., Lim. This stone was laid by Fred .' Chisholm, Esquire, Nov. 5th, 1885. The-stone having been placed in position, Mri Chisholm declared it ,'f Well and truly, laid, in the name of the Father, the Son, and tlie Holy Ghost." .. . A.';; ; The Van. Archdeacon Pownall then called for three cheers for the Queen. The trowel presented to Mr. Chisholm was of . silver and artistically chased. The handle was of ivory, and the blade was inscribed as follows :— Presented to F. Chisholm, Esquire, on the occasion of his laying the foundation stone of the Protestant Hall, of Wagga Wagga, Nov. 5th, 1885." The mallet was of polished ebony inlaid with silver on the bot tom, for tho purpose of inscription. The ceremony having been concluded an adjournment was then made to the .Town Hall, where refreshments wero partaken of, and suitable toasts duly houored. The chair was occupied by. Mr. Chisholm, and amongst those present were— Mesdames Hutton, M'Kenzie, ,C. Mixon, and J. Dunn!; Messrs. J. J. M'Nickle, W. Rand, R. M'lntyre; J. Reynolds, J. \W. Anderson/ W. Mitchell, J. Fox, H. Millenot, jJ. Mitchelmore, M. M'Kenzie, John Hutton, O. Morris, C. D. Bard well, G. Sheppard, 0. Hardy, J. A. Mar tin, G. Arnott, W. Palmer and J. Dunn. After the loyal toasts of Her Majesty tho Queen and the Prince of Wales had been responded |to heartily, the chairman again rose to propose a toast. He said he had been a Protestant from childhood, and he might say the greatest honor and pleasure that had ever been bestowed upon him was to perform that which he had that day. (Hear, hear.) So long as they had free institutions in a free country, and the Lord for them all, they would prosper, but at tho same time he thought that to his friend on the left (Mr- Bard well) should have deputed the honor of laying the stone instead of himself (Mr. Chisholm), as he was the largest shareholder. Mr. Bardwell would say that he was not, but if they referred to his bank book they would see that he was. He wished to propose sue cess to their hall, the foundation stone of which they had laid that day. (Cheers.) The toast was drunk with cheering. Mr. J. J. M'Nickle said it gave him great pleasure to make a statement. He had known for a long time that the material was in the Wagga district for tho purpose of erecting a Protestant Hall, if it could only be got to gether, and it had been arranged with very little trouble. On 13th February, 1883, a few gentlemen took it in their heads and bought a piece of land in Baylis-streot. The matter lay in aboyance for a length of time until the 12th of February, 1885, when they hold their first meeting. That meeting was to consider rough plans of the building, which it was proposed should cost £1800, and would have taken up 42 or 45 feet front age. They found that there were 345 shares, representing a capital of £1725, and it was finally decided to get plans showing a build ing a building taking up the whole of the frontage of 66 feet. They mot on 30th March, when extended plans wero laid before them at an estimated cost of £2900. The shares then sold represented £2215, and it was considered advisable to raise the capital to £4000, which was done. The extended plans wore approved of. Tho next meeting was held on 27th April, and it was decidod to call for tenders for the erection of a building, according to the plans. Tenders wero called for 9 th June, when that of Mr. Hardy was accepted, and the building was to be com pleted in March, 1886. Shares representing a capital of £3000 were now sold, and still they wanted £1000 more subscribed in shares to make up the required capital. He thought they would be able to open tho hall in March free of debt. (Cheers.) Mr. Bardwell had said, " Go on with the funds you have, and I will lend you the balance to complete the whole if you ennnot sell the shares." (Cheers) Mr. Bardwell said he would do what he had promised, but at tho same time he would do all he could to sell the shares. (Hear hear.) Mr. M'Nickle announced that he had sold 72 shares in the room. About 20 additional shares were then taken up. The Yen. Archdeacon Pownall then pro posed tho health of Mr. Chisholm, who had honoured the gathering with his presence that day and laid the foundation of the Pro testant Hall. It gave him great pleasure to propose that toast, because when he looked round him he thought he might fairly say (and recall the fact to Mr. Chisholm's memory) he had known him for a longer period of time than any other person in the room ; and, in fact, he might almost say he had kuown hiin as long, if not longer, than any other person in Wagga. It was no less than 21 years since he first met Mr. Chisholm on the Lambing Flat diggings. At that time he (Mr.,Chis- holm) was the owner of Grogan station, and would remember the occasion of their meet ing ; for it was in those notorious days when Ben Hall and his company wore " gentlemen at large," and being gontlemen who knew how to appreciate a very good fellow, on more than one occasion made Mr. Chisholm's acquaintance. He had also known Mr. Chis holm's brothers, and lie could only say that liefolt that it hud been a very great honor to know the Hon. James Chisholm. John Chis holm, and Frederick Chisholm. Mr. Chisholm had boon a groat bonofactor to almost every institution in connection with the town. (Hear hear.) In connection with the manly game of cricket his name stood as their first and best patron : in connection with their local hospital they would ever hand down his name as benefactor to that institution, and it gave tlie speaker, great pleasure to hear. Mr. Chisholm speak so manfully, in connection with the laying of the foundation stone of the hall, and he trusted that the hall would go down to posterity with Mr. Chisholm's name, lie being, the largest shareholder and best wisher of the institution. (Hear, hear.) He felt it very hard to speak in praise of a man before his face, therefore ho would not say any more than ask them to drink tho health, happiness, and prosperity of Mr. Chisholm, with three cheers. The toast was drunk to the accompaniment of cheers and musical honorB. Mr. Chisholm thanked them cordially for the way , they had drunk his health. He con sidered himself bound to do what he had done. He was in Wagga and took a great interest in it. Ho would never leave Wagga until he was taken elsewhere. Ho was a shareholder of the Company he was happy to say. With reference to the hospital there was not a better conducted establishment in the whole of New South Wales or the other colonies. (Hear,, hear.) During, the /elec tioneering period, on Saturday night,: he was pulled forward by an ox- Minister for Works and asked to address the electors, who. Baidj "Go it Wild Eyes.'' Ho replied, "My name is not Wild Eyes." (Laughter.); He did not speak on that occasion, and would draw his present remarks to a close. , The Ven. Archdeacon Pownall proposed the health of Mr. C. D. Bardwell, who had for a very great number of years been a staunch supporter of his, and he had known him ; Hand respected and admired him. He could honestly and fairly say that there was no man in the wholo district who had more at hoart tho interest of the undertaking in con nection with which they had laid tho founda tion stone than Mr. Bardwell. That gentleman had stood to them in their hour of need and shewn by his practioal efforts that his heart was in the mnttcr, for on more than one occasion he had left his home, which was nearly forty miles from Wagga, for the pur pose of attending attonding a meeting in ' connection with the Protestant Hall Co. When the thing had lagged Mr. Bardwell had been there to givo them courage and say, " Don't bo disheartened, but boldly go on, and I will stand by you." (Hoar, hear.) They had heard his noble offer and when they thought of calling for tenders Mr. Bard well stood in the breach, and said, " If yon want £1000 or more I will be security," or "I will standj by you." He (the speaker) hoped they would not have to tax Mr. Bard well in the matter ; he had been a capital friend, ' a friend in need and a friend indeed," and he trusted they would show their appre ciation of his friendship and adherence to the principles of Protestantism by taking shares, and that Mr. Bardwell would not have one moment's anxioty in connection with the building of the hall. He thought that the hall would not only be speedily erected, but in connection with the opening they would have further opportunities of meeting together and that the hall wonld be whatjthe share holders intended it to be, a meeting place where nothing — and ho would emphasise the words — beyond the doctrine of " peace on earth and good will towards men " would ever be proclaimed. He had to propose the health of Mr. Bardwell. (Cheers.) The toast was drunk with musical honors. Mr. C. D. Bardwell, who was well received, said that he could only say from his heart that when the subject was first mooted with reference to the Protestant Hall he determined to go in whole-hearted. He had been taught in his youth to go into anything he undertook with his whole heart, and considered that if. anything wore worth doing it were worth doing well. If any one deserved thanks for inaugurating the Protostant Hall it was Mr. J. J. M'Nickle — (hear, hoar) — and he would propose that gentleman's health. (Hear, hoar.) The toast was honoured musically. Mr. McNickle, in responding, said he was well repaid for anything he had done by seeing the foundation stone laid and the building progressing — as it was the height of his ambition to see a Protestant hall erected in . Wagga which would be an ornament to the town, worthy of the name Protestant Hall, and be u monument to mark the progress of Protestantism in the district. (Hear, hear.) He was proud to say that his efforts in that direction had been crowned with success. However, his efforts would avail little had they not been so heartily responded to by the public in taking up shares. Since coming into- tho room he had sold 95 shares, leaving our capital now at £3475. He and Mrs. McNickle had sold the whole of tho shares without the aid of a broker, and therefore free of commis sion to the company, which now numbered 82 shareholders. (Cheers.) A verse of the National Anthem was then rendered by those present, and tho proceedings came to a close. 