OUR SOUTHERN RAILWAY. TO THE EDITOR. Sh— The Goolwa meeting held on Saturday c-reuing last suggests the wholesome proverb, 'Kot to count the chickens before they are hatched.1' What great rejoicings, with bon fires ablazing, shouts of victory and acclama tion resounded from that groat centre of trade and commerce— Goolwa — when it became known that some seventy or eighty thousand pound was to be expended in adapting the southern tianiways into (shall I say railway? No) motor lines. The members for the district, laurel-crowned, lionised, and almost idolised, returned to their seats in Parliament no doubt fteling that they had conferred great and last ing blessings on the downtrodden, neglected, and injured residents of the south, and that their names would be handed down to genera tions vet unborn as the benefactors of a people who but for them would have been blotted out of existence. But how sad must be their re flection that, after all this demonstration of thankfulness and gratitude to said bene factors, it turns out (what they had been told would be the case, viz.) that the south would have to put up with a tinkered, patched up, gingerbread, or toy railway — a piece of public work even more scandalous than the old tramway — the old rails actually taken up frcni one part of the old line and put down in another part of the same fine. How much better it would have been for the interests of the colony at large and the residents of the south in particular for us or our members to have told the Government straight that unless they were prepared to treat us as a part of the colony, a portion too that with proper Governmental facilities would have been second to no other part of the colony, not even Port Adelaide, possessing as we do the highway and marine outlet for the great Riverina district and trade — that unless they were willing to place us on an equality with other districts by giving us .what they possess, viz., substantial lines of railway, they had better shut us up at once or send us over to Victoria to treat with a more equitable Government. I am of opinion that it would have been better for the interests of the south to have put up with the tramway as it was, unless the Government were prepared to deal fairly and justly with us, and not put us off with a mere ghost of a railway that would convey goods and passengers at no greater speed than thirteen to fifteen miles an hour. But the amusing part of the matter is that our southern friends (the members for the district included) appear to have been simple enough to imagine that the paltry sum placed on the estimates and passed by the legislature would be sufficient to convert the southern tramways into locomotive liues. No one the least acquainted with the cost of railway construction could have dreamed of such a thing. Blundering and de ception . have characterised the whole of this southern railway business. The Government never intended to give us equal rights with other parts of the colony. And one of our members even went so far as to suggest that the rails that were unfit for a railway in the north would do for the south. Now, the fact of the matter is that the line as at present re constructed would carry Rowan's motors, as recommended by Mr. A. F. Lindsay, and which will convey from 100 to 150 passengers each at a Tninwrnim speed of twenty miles, and working up to thirty-five miles an hour at very trifling cost per mile, would be all that is necessary for some time to come between Strathalbyn and Port Victor ; but between Goolwa and Port Victor we require a railway and locomotive power as substantial as any in the colony for conveying the river-borne goods — wool, &c; ; but I fear that this justice will never lie meted out to the south until we have a Government unblinded bjr vested interests at Port Adelaide, and fully alive to the immense advantage that would accrue to this colony by securing the Riverina trade. And when we do possess such a Government we shall see a different railway line constructed than the miserable tinkered np thing now disfiguring one of, at least, the most important districts of the colony. And when this nmch-to-be-desired period arrives our railway engineers will not adopt the sharp curves, heavy gradients, and spider-legged bridges, such as now span that interesting spot of a dark night, known as the Gap, but will take a direct, shorter, and safer route in almost a straight line from Middleton to Victor ^Harbor, skirting Port Elliot on its northern side, thus avoiding- the very sharp curve at Elder's store, the steep gradient over Davenport's Hill, and the Gap Bridge, which would be replaced by a much safer and less elevated structure on a lower level. Then we shall make a compact with Riverina, clear the Murray of all obstructions, extend our break water to its originally intended length ; Victor Harbor would be one of the busiest ports in the colony, the Rlverina trade would be secured, and the long-neglected, down trodden, and abused south, would rise to her geographically favored and destined position as the most important and nourishing portiou of South Australia. — I am, &c;, C. H. HUSSEY. Port Elliott, January 27, 1SS5. 