THE 11VSSIAN ARMY AND, NAVY.' (FROM TITB MORNING TOST.) .Tho uncertainty, which prevails with rog.ird to tho rolatioiiB botwocn England and Russia owing to tho Afghan frontier question im parto additional interest to tho stato of tho Russian military'and naval roBourcos. Tho condition of tho army of Ilusaia was fully doalt with in an articlo which appeared re cently in thoso columns, and it will now be sufficient for the purpose.to stato that, omit tine from our calculation non-combatants, Russia would"in case of war bo able to plaoo into the field at once 768,000 infantry, 53,000 riflemen, 6G,000 calvalry (included in which force there would bo 14 independent cavalry divisions, with168'gvihs)|'increased immedi ately by about 48,000 combatants by tho for mation of 79 additional Coasack regiments ; 88,000 artillery, with 346G guns ; and 35,000 engineers. The above 6gures are based upon a work published quito recontly on tho Russian army, which enables us to form an acourate estimate of tho ldnd forces at tho disposal of Russia. Ttio figures given show that that country possesses a field army of 1,038,000 combatants, with over 3G00 guns. As, howover, according to tho samo source, in case of a mobilisation, an infantry roservo of 400,000 mon would at once bo available, the grand total of. a poasiblo Russian field could bo raisod to 1,438,000 mon. But this does not by "any means represent tho real fighting strength' of JRussia, for tlioro is avail able a Becond resorve, tho first clans of which would supply nearly 2,000,000 men, whilst no ostimato has yet been formed of tho num ber comprised in the second class. It haB been observed by a. recent writer that Russia is practically unassailable in Europe by England. To some oxtont the justness of his conclusions must be admittod; but suroly ho cannot ovorlook tho fact that in CBBO of hostilities tho Russian navy could not hopo to successfully cope with that of groat Britain. Alarmists in this country notwithstanding, our navy is still a weapon not to bo despised, and tho Russian Govern ment knows very well that great injury could bo inflicted by our ships. At tho same time, it would bo folly if wo omitted to take into account tho .defensive power, suoh as it is, which Russia possoesss in her army. It iB true that '^pavy within recent years receded from' the third position, which it formerly occupied to the seventh place among naval Powers, yet it is still formidable enough to bo respected, as the following statement will BIIOW. Tho Russian na"y is divided into 4 divisions, tho Baltic Floet, tho Mack Sea Fleet, tho Siberian Fleot, and tho Caspian Fleet, of which, however, only tho first two need be taken seriously into acoount. The Baltio Floet comprises 32 ironclads, viz., 5 turret frigates, 8 armoured cruisers (3 of them building), 1 casement ship, and 5 battery ships'of the old type, all classed aa battlo Bhips, besides 13 monitors for coast defence, and all launched betoro 1807; 94 torpedo vessels and boats, 24 cruisers,-viz., 2 torpedo ram cruisers (1 building), 12 clipper ships, of tho now and 3 of tho old type, 1 frigate, and 0 flush-docked corvettes, 12 gunboats, of the now and 5 of tho old typo, 30 yachts-viz., 9 Bteam yachts, 4 steam cutters, and 17 sailing yachts ; and 79 transport, harbour, &c.;, ships (2 building) of which only 2 aro sailing Bhips (1 building). Total strength of tho Baltic Fleet : 246 vessels of all clasacB (of which 5 aro under construction.) Tho Black Sea Fleet com prises 7 ironclads- viz., 3 turrot ships (all building), 2 Popoffkas, and 2 armoured gun boats, .14 torpedo vessels and boats, 7 cruisers of tho volunteer fleet, 3 auxiliary cruisers; 8G othor unarmoured vesaols viz., 2 yachts, 2 flush-deck corvettes, 1 Bcrew-Bteamer; 2 paddle steamers, 14 acrow Bchooners, 14..ve8Esela classed as steamers, 45 small steamers, 1 mine-ship, and 5 firo ships. Total strength of Black Sea Floet: 117 vessels of all descriptions, some of them, however, very old. Tho threo moBt power ful ships of that' division of tho Russian fleet ara Btill under construction. A3 was stated above, the Siberian and Caspian Fleets do not count for much, and the lattor would only come into requisition in caso of nn Afghan or Persian war for tho transport of troops ; but to make this return complete they should bo included. The Siberian fleet comprises 0 torpedo boats, 1 clipper, 3 transport vessels, 4 gunboats, 14 steamers, of various sizes, and 18 sailing vessels: total 4G vessels. The flotilla of tho Caspian conBiBtsof 3 sorow gunboats, 1 screw-steamer, 7 paddle-steamorn, 8'small steam vessels, 8 sailing-transports, 3 other sailing vessels, and 3 fire-ships-total 33 veseols. As the Oaspian would, in caso of a war with Afghan istan, bocomo an important route of commu. nidation, the deficiency of steam transports ought to be noted. Russia also possesses Bomo naval material on tho soa of Aral, consisting of G steamers, and about 20 sail ing vessels ; but leaving these, as immaterial out of tho reckoning, tho sum total of the Russian JNavy amounts to.442 vessels of all descriptions. Of this number, however, a great many aro almost useless ; and, con. fining ourselvos to really ctliciont ships, wo find that Russia haB only 185 of them avail able for service, 25 boing ironclads (10 battle-ships, 13 coast defenco vessels of tho monitor olnss, and 2 armoured gunboats), 1 torpedo ram cruiBor, 114 torpedo boats, 29 unarmoured cruisers, and 1G gunboats, be sides a large number of traUBports, &c.; Wo have not included in this eatiriato, 1 case mate Bhip and 5 battery ships of an old type, nor the 2 Popofikas ; nor, finally, gun. boatB and cruisers of antiquated pattern, whioh would not stand tho ghost of a clianco in a naval encounter. In a possible collision in Afghanistan be tween this country and Russia, only a small proportion of tho immenso military forcoB at tho disposal of tho latter could bo utilised at presont. If a strugglo woro to talto place now, Russia would liavo to draw, in tho first place, upon tho troops located in Turkestan. There aro at present of rogular troops 10 bat talions of rifles recruited and Btationod in tho Transoospian provinces, Bay about 10,000 | men. There aro no data available as to tho number of cavalry and artillery garrisoned tlioro, nor of tho irregular forces that could be raised on tho spot. In the mxt place, tho Russian Government has a largo forco in reserve in Transcaucasia, whioh it is at liberty t« omploy either in the direction of Turkey, PerBia, or Afghanistan. Russia has at pro sent permanently stationed in the Trans Caucasian provinces an army which, on a peace footing, numbers about 128,000 mon, but which will, no doubt, bo largely augmented by tho introduction of compul sory military sorvico in that portion of tho Empire. In caso of wai, a considerable por tion of tho army would probably bo shipped across tho Caspian by way of Baku and Mlohalfovak j but the chiof supply of comba tants would bo drawn from European Llussia, over Odessa to Poti, and theneo by rail to Baku, and aoross tho Caspian. Tho moat seri'iUB obstaclo to tho omployniont of a largo force ia the diflioulty of transport. Tho TranBcapian Railway extends at presont from Miohailovsk to ICizil Arvat, 135 miloa, only a short way to Herat, whichio 523 miles from the Caspian port; but there can bo no doubt tiial its gradual extension to AUtabab, Sarakha, and Uerat is only a question of timo. Tho respite thus granted to England ougll'- -.0 be made good use of. POLICE OHANOES.-Oonatablo Rogors, who for the last threo years has been stationed at Eohuca, lias received orders to proceed to Oastlemaine, which place ia to bo.tho seono of hiB duty for tho presont During tho timo of his sojourn in Kohuca, Constable Rogers h is given goneral satibfaotion by tho zeal and trustworthiness which ho haa displayed, and hisj'emoval will bo regretted by very many of th« residents. We may bo sure that ho will be as highly ostoomod in Castlomaino as ho has been in Eohuca. TEMPERANCE MEETINO.-A meeting of tho Eohuca Gospel Temperance Union Bluo Ribbon Mission will bo hold to-night in tho Episcopalian Sunday school. Addresses will bo given by Mr. A. Paliuor and othors, All sr« cordially invitod, ELECTION NOTICE.-The returning officer] for tlio oleotoral district of Mandurang (Mr. 1 Day Kirkwootl, J.P.), publishes in our] columns a list of tlio nominations for the.1! Mandurang oxtraordinary olection, togethor with particulars of tho polling placoa, deputy returning ofGcors, and othor information. OHICKET.-A crlckot match will tako plaoo to day, botwoon olovens of E.Y.M.O. Associa tion and Foundry Cricket Olubs, on tho Station Ground, commonoing at 1.30 p.m. Playors aro requested to bo punctual. CLEARING SALE.-Mr. Charles Adams will on Thursday next conduct n, clearing sale of tho stock, oto., in tho estate of F. Morgan, grocor. Particulars appear in our adver tising columns. Wo aro now showing a complete assort ment of Autumn and Winter Dnpery. Tho latest novelties inDreBses, Millinory,Mantles, Jersey Jackets, Glovea, and Hosiery, and Fancy Goods. Very Bpecial value in Blan kets, Flannols, and Mons Overcoats. MANNING and CO., Eohuca, Moama, and Sandhurst. DON'T DIE IN TITK HOUSE. " Rough 011 Eats " dears out rits mice bcoMes, ronehes, bed-bugs, flies, antB, irseota moles, aek-rnbbits, eoplicrp. Nothing puriQcs un'l onriohes tho blood and dostroys all poisons in tho system like Hop Bitters. Head. 