Tlse Wisdom &n;& Beauty of the 'Vfe have received a copy of a pamphlet entitled, 'Selections from ihe Wisdom and Beauty of the Bible,' by David Buchanan, bsrrister-at-law. Mr. BnckaBan asoears to be under the impression that the Bible contains a great' many sayings which are full of wisdom aad of marvellous beauty and depth of mea&LBX.; Ha has accordingly collected from tke books of the Old acd Hew Teatemeats a number of texts wnioh ke taicia might be read witk profit in railway carnages ky pacaangers *u ronte, aad by otkers ix leisure moments. It strikes 'as tkat atjsy oi tke texts hare been diverced from thoir eoaneetion witti other texts, aad tkis divercMaent prevents tteta from having mnek signi£caac«. Take, as aniastaaee, a f«w of the texts quoted from Genesis. ' Then Abra ham gave np the ghost, &ad; died in a good old age, foil of years, and was gathered to his people.' WeH, there is nothing very wonderful, or very beautiful, or of very great deptk in that text. Since Abraham's time many aa old gentleman has died, and kg» bee£ buried, and the only ? remaining record of tke faat is the undertaker's advertisement of the fnnsral in the Evenxno Nhvts or some other journal ' Tka voios is Jacob's voice, but the iiaidji are the hands of Esaa.' This is the exdaaiatieii. of a poor old feeble man, uttered whilst his thievish son and that eon's mother were palming- off on the old man a miserable imposture. ' Aad ha wask&d; las garments in wine and his elothes in the blood of the grape.' This is equivalent te saying tkat as his clothes were garments, and his garments 'were cletkes, so ka washed them in wine, and he washed tkem again in wine, for wiae is tke blood of tke grape. A. passage or text is quoted from, the Old Slastaaaat showing that if a man marries a wife aad -finds lutr unclean he is at liberty te divorce ker. Tke precise' meaning of the word unclean nay be debatable, but we are usable t* perceive any great daptk of wisoem ia mairitig the marriage bond to derive its binding sacredaesa from the bodily eonditiem of the wife. Has Mz. Buchanan quoted this text fer tke pineM of BJtt»othiBgth» war fer another of his divorce Bill* nexteassian.? Tke Mssaic arxaagement would suit «ur modam likertoaaa admixaVly, for they would be apt to find wife' after wife with aome -defect, wkich an ingenious lawyer might construe iatp a. suitable ground fer divotea. The arraBgeme»t,kew ever, has bees«et-&8ide by the laws of all Christian countries, jpnd hence, if a man marries a wife andeh)t; behaves nerself as-a wife' should, he must sticjetp^ui bargain. ' . Passinij over the greater fart of/ tke p&mphlet;, we eome4*© .ihe Acts ef tka Apostles frem whieh Mr. Buekaaaa selects -- ' An* all tkat believed !were together, .- and had ail things ? eemaoom. Aad. aeld Wiaix poeaes siens and goods .aad, parted them to *JI mea aa every ffiari had aead. Ifcitker vm there any among tkm tkat lacked; for aa mamras werepoasasaors «f lamds «r houses mold them, aad breugkt tke psisos of the things that cwere sold and laid them down at the Apostle's feet. Amd distrikutiom was irade ante every man according as ke kad sseed.' Tkat is te say tke primitive Ckristiaea aad tke Apostles alse were communists. If they were rigkt, and be it observed thejr were them uader ' tke guidasce ef inspired apostles, the arefecsocs «f ChristiaBity at the presrat day are all wrasg, far iker detest aemmuaiam, aad of all ether maa are vest eager t» laymp treasures oa tkeeartk whick. the/ must all seaa leave. We de not fer oae laemaat deny that ikar* ara sway taxta ia. tkia eoUaotiiBa which are Morally beautiful ; but we dam/ alteg etkar taai they are store feeaatiful tkaa warn/ asssages wkick might be adduced trmm tke wiisimgs rf xiezalisas ef all ages, aad specially from tke wetksef Kate, Ceafueins, aad etiur castaraand Bue\3kut sages. Oar okief ekjectea te Mr. Baekaaaa'a work ia iktbt ke has, by aapar»tiag cartaia paecages frem tkair eeasext, xeadezed. it dislaalt te nadaratan* tkeir meaaing, aadke kas atao qaeted little bibs ef -biblical history as 'baaaferal wkiob, eeyaxated'fsea their ewtext, kave me beeatj- at ail. He Kigkt kave acted diffaramtly. He augkt kave qaeted passages. not of dakieas meaaiag. \mi xelatiag te tka aa^aJ duties «f ike CkristUa It ; aad, kadia deae w», kj« w«rk waalike ef saaae valae ; far tka Bible eeataias aaaT pa*aa(U «f gzaatmeral *a*aty, an* wkiak as* werekv ef keiag read at ail times »&d; aaaaens. Jt is deauakl* tkat every mam akaaldtaiak out aoneluaioaa ferkissaaUem«*luests*f*kisnat«a, amd thetetore weeoaiKeadiBBr.Buekaaesi'a paaijaalet to the attea tiomel «arrsAiera. . *, '. ' Beugh. om Bale.'— Clear oat rats, mice, roaeaes, flies, sals. t*i Ivga,. iMwtira, Jasaits, assafai, jack xaWta, gepaezs. Al imsgists. JCcsss 2Eess asd Co., Sjdmei, -at^mts.— Abtt ? ........ Ilnrray auid lanmin'i ; jnorida 'Water, a imrely floral fragrance, and most deligbtfnl and health perf ame. — AsvT. ?? Buohu-Paita.'— QnieJt. complete cure. All aimoyiiip kidney, bladder, and unuary diseases. At drogslets. Moees Moss and Co., Sjduejr agents.— Ax-v^ 