ME flRST PERSON SINGULAR.* Gf rnrHBlSTIEMCBllA.T, BI DAVID CflBls " » ooAis or' L "JosnrHB C^liswTS," "A rBOB^STBA^ ., . |lBti jIoDSt FATH15K. CnAPTER C0A \ m* hollow, and had nment Frost 'e!*,. jje jjgid the ^"" ?"^'^nnDedhimself"ATfiav. in a voice S.?;»rw"K«h mUike to «?., SnatS. f°r ^^Vhere meTnt that Zeno Stbat Z^? the house, and was of LctuaUr ^'mation of the discovery of fit# proclamation « h to be ahot, fcon. nehad, bfy acted? and tried for prt.l'SS MiItd»rtinK, tightened r^&TneT;^ a ie 7& «$£ ***le "n"4 °f c." « rpturned Frost, trembling in ,ofcon^/Deakingwitha shake in his linl%iem to Sea dangerous sort of tow." , nF l.gjjcf that Dobroski did not jSi«'erae " """ !£«%"'» "8ke3 old C01" Brator. - - - > sol ing. bled [the floor. 1 f || matches, while ped about for <Che T 'e? the dart The rbnCd bimS together, and in the ^ree of half a minute <Wed to strike a 'I started yon," said the old man, looking ;yySmedfFr08t, tappins with^the ,lfk bis left hand upon his breast. I m lid tbere's something going wrong here, s heart, yoa know. Anything sets it learose Blowly to hia feet, and Dobroski Led the narrow staircase before him. trembling fingers had to strike one K0 vestas before the journey was finished ? he mounted as unwillingly as if he had lb goingtithe galiows. He was so per El that he could not for the life of him ?ember the new name by which Zeno ired to be hnown. He dreaded lest iroski should ask him, and he wondered ilr what he shonld do when ms chamber nid be reached and< \- introduction would Dme necessary. .... ' lobroski mounted the staircase in silence, 1 entered Frost's room in obedience to a reofthe hand from the regular occupant (st followed in time to see Zeno tarn in" ^arm-chair and look at the new-comer li a casual air, which was so excellently imed that it even calmed his own nerves itle, The casual glance was succeeded- by art of surprise, and Zeno arose slowly arid f unconsciously from his seat. (This," said Frost, who knew riot 'what [make of Zeno's airs, and was iJCWly fctened by tbem; "this is Mr. Dobroski." to vainly casting about in his 'mind for lo's alias, when Zeno himself' relieved |I knew it," cried the spy in English, and i with a sudden forward rush he threw; self at Dobroski's feet, and seizing one of ankles in both hands, Jrisaed his boot in and again, with wild jJMgUflg ejacula te which meant nothing «Trr£i9t'8 ears, stood in Polish'for "Ansel?! Preserver 1' riot! Father 1" and a variety of ex isions of worship and affection. Dobroski i to withdraw his foot from this unex ted worshipper's grasp, but Zeno held on illy, and the old man submitted after a le, but looked round on Frost with a stioning air which set that traitorous ionage at his wit's end. Come," said Frost, stooping to seize Zeno i " Lffaiv 6f hiding his own embarrass , Poat yon think you've done about ugh of that? It's' no luxurv for Mr. iroski to have you licking his boots like a mo went on kissing and gurgling for a . and then allowed Frost to *.*m to his feet The old man had ways, and his worshipper's itenance bore signs of contact with the SeSlllf .,ti6;lri8],-America,n' ImWu1 ! ,V e Irish-American, ha,t in ^ar, oa he "w'""'s the vi my amter'8 virtue; the patriot, ! the idol, the god o£ my unhappy 1 feishefell into a chair neat the] K Mia, cropping "both armB across tne (e and to head upon his arms, gave nun Vto convnlsive sobbing. ? ado wit not recall your friend, aara JksW, looking towards Frost .. ?po," cried Zeno, raising his head, to ms ^fcw-Bcotradrel's intense relief. "1 am oi ^kaw. MynameiaW'roblewslioff, Marco. Witty yeare ago. I was but a lad. ^Bespoke in Poush, and Dobroski'a IOOK ^^uqmry gave vray to one of pleasure [welcome, , U KmemHer," he said, " I remember, ptretched out a hand to Zeno, and the pl took it and kissed it, . wmoth?r blessed you with her dying he said. " My father died In P®E you. My sister's children cherish rmemory, and pray for you nightly." 3 pe bewildered Frost asked himself to-1 F4'I whether the thing were troft or1 RWdhadto recall-forcibly as it were' ft tact that Zeno bad known Dobroski1 I'eeks upon fee Continent before be] f? be that the spy had not psay encountered a genuine benefactor, I lawnotnut8e a genuine passionof geati I1m( For though Frost was one oi l llt7;lleoPle» the world tk> believe ia the; KS?, Sf^tude, Zeno's acting was eo lywit carried him off h» mental ?J6'6T: wi the moment he ww eam ^vfj^him real, as be had teen ?hsum to think, fine actors tctd on' tie ~ 1 * r asfed himself from Che spy's ed to the window, ;whea he; e yellowiBh fly- spotted blind, ok'tbe rainy night Then ..5°W* beganin English a: utmost circamBtahce, which hoi so natur^ aii emotion and ao attot vwacity that it vaa haid; »_ baa, though the listener waa -' ' - ~ : ' certain he was lying. Once or twice,, at the. mention t>f the name, Dobrosbi turned and asked after jthe history of its owner. Some times the moved narrator knew, sometimes he was Ignorant, but beyond a doubt the story appealed in all its details to Dobroski's memory. ' Zeno was Certainly lying, but he was 6my lying in making himself pass for aotaeboay else with whose history and sur roundings he was'very intimatelyacquairitpdv' Bnt what with his own agitation, his friinji'a' change of aspect fttid pretended change of Bentiment, Frost felt the situation unreal, find like a dream, lie had been nsed to think well of himself as a pretender-be had been a liar in the way of easiness from £ke beginning of his manhood-but Zeno was' so incredibly in front of him that he cotald scarcely think of himself as being in the same walk of life. The old man was most kindly interested in Marco Wroblewskoff, and when that grateful personage had Bubdued himself -a little, be questioned him about his life with ian almost fatherly air. Marco had lived in London in his boyhood, bo it seemed, and had worked as a baker's assistant-. Then lie had gone out to the United States,- and hud worked with an Italian pastrycook at New York, becoming a cunning confectioner. "Why, how many years have you spent in New York altogether ?" asked Frost, warningly. The reminiscent: Marco quitted New York and returned to Europe with his employer, who set up in Milan. There he died bitterly regretted by his faithful Polish adherent, to whom he bequeathed his little store. Then, to make his fortune the young Marco jrent to .London. He failed to make his lortune there, bathe picked up a little French in the neighbourhood of Leicester-square to add to his Polish, his English, and nis Italian. Then two or three years before that present evening he had tried his luck in New York once more, and there had prospered greatly. There he had met his friend Frost- tSe dear Frost, who now discovered that it was his generosity which had set the poor Polish wanderer's footsteps on the road to success. Frost's look, shifting enough by nuture, grew shiftier than common when Dobroski glanced at him at this point in the narrative^ The Polish .confectioner had had his lo ve etory, and it all came out quite simply. At Milan the confectioner's assistant had peeped now and again at a little Italian girl, and in Leicester-square he' had unexpectedly encountered her again.- He passed the usual period of courtship, he married and had children, the little cherubs had died and - their sainted mother followed. Zeno, wiping his fat white cheeks over the imagined domestic grief of Marco WrobSewskott.'s'o affected Frost with disbelief in all previous circumstance that the Irish-American had to retire to his bedroom, where, holding his. head between both hands, he reasoned with himself " Great Caesar's ghost! Who is he?" Frost demanded, tugging his hair in the darkness. "Whoam I? 'Itain't Zeno, I'll swear.' It* ican'tbe Zeno. That spectacled, red- headed, gap-toothe&i;, weepin', benevolent, grateful creature is not a Bpy in the service of the Russian Government I won't believe it; 1 decline to believe it He says he is, but he's a liar. It ain't in his kindly, honest, gentle nature. Scott I What a king q' liars ! What a faculty !'? When Frost, after an absence of two or three minutes at most,"returned to his1 sitting-room, Zeno had-thought fit to, calm himself a little He was talking in Polish, but betook himself to English when Frost entered. " Friend Frost," he said, "does not talk any language but his own. English is easier to me than my own speech now. There are so few that speak my own speech. And since my dear wife left me, and my children, Iliave scarcely spoken Polish at all. She was Italian, but I taught her my own tongue. Jt seemed the tongue for home, and the little children learned it" ; Zeno showed symptoms of breaking down again, but he recovered himself with an (apparent effort. As for you, dear respected sir," said he, when he had wiped his eyes a little and had stowed away his handkerchief, " to ypu all languages are the same, BO long as they are of Europe." Frost was eager and yet afraid to be alone with Dobroski He had been horribly frightened ail-along,- but it was only just lately, that he had begun to taste and appreciate the flavour ot his fears. When Zeno had seempd to stand to the edge of a fatal blunder jn respect to his wife's nationality his blood had suddenly run cold, and he had eyed Dobroski in an agony of apprehension. The old con spirator had seemed to notice nothing, but tnen Frost had not had time to forget Zeno's story of his surprising calm and sell-mastery at Janenne. Dobroski's sad and dreamy gaze seemed to go right through the traitor when ever he encountered it, and to writhe in him like a gimlet, so that it taxed his self-control not to twist bodily in answer to his mental tortures. As he recovered more and more from the shock Dobroski's announcement had given him he began to think that even if the old man had recognised Zeno he might still Buppoae that the spy had been able to impose upon one less wary and less experienced than himself. Perhaps if he could get rid of Zeno for a moment Dobroski might give him a Bignof warning. ?'Perhaps you don't know," said Frost, addressing his fellow rascal, " what sort of a mess you've got your features into. You'd better take one of them candles into the next room jmd get a wash there." Zeno glanced at himself in the discoloured glasq above the mantelpiece, and feigning to pe surprised by what he saw there took up a candle, and retired. Ashe entered the bed chamber iiQ stumbled against a chair, and in putting it oiit bf his way propped the door open with it. Frost approached Dobroski " I don't Auite make oat this news of yours, eir, h6 Baid, half whispering. "You say Zeno s in London T Who has seen him r "He was seen and recognised at Charing Cross station "by two of the Brethren," re turned Dobroski. " Unhappily he was missed atld lost in the crowd. They saw him take a cab/ but in the confasion they followed the wrong vehicle," FWSVstanding with his back to the light, dared to look into Dobroski's eyes, which were illuminated by the flame of the solitary candle; He could read there no sign of suspicion, but he aslsed himself what would have happened if Zeno had been tracked to hia,.residence-what .would happen if he fcally had been tracked there, ana if Dobroski ^ere only playing with him. The fancy tnrnedhim cold. ?, Yota have been looking nt his portraitf i»jg the bid man/ striding past Frost and Jakfnfc'up the photograph, which Btill lay fUppnlMfe table. *' He will be troublesome to ^. mOst -lifeely. but we art forewarned ^^init hif^,;.ana fore wahied is forearmed in ijJ^sfs^hieper had Bfceh lriaudible tb the apy.bnt'DobtoeVi had spokfen. In his ordinary' TOice,' tmdftetio htedfce&rdv; him clekrly. It to lib shaken Jnrt withi a dexterous flick of the towel lie extinguished hiaown'candle, and retiring to the darkened end of the chamber, 8urveyS3 Dobroslii's face with a keen and searching prize.' " He was seen and recognised at Charing Cross station," and "You have been Jookftig- at his portrait." Zeno put the .phrases together in a turn of a hand, he was Frost's superior alike in .resources and ih courage, and he had lived ao'long ih constant danger that the presence iof rage seemed only to quicken and clear his 'facafflfes. When Dobroski looked up from ;f^#lln$tograph the spy could* see his eyes, dnd Kit for the darkness of the inner jcKamner the old man would have looked straight into Zeno'a face. Dobroski seemed altogether undisturbed and natural, but then Zeno had followed an exaggerated estimate of his facial control, and- bo strange a thing is the habit of suspicion-the unconscious old man seemed to the spy's keen gaze to be overdoing his-unconsciousness. , " My candle has cone out," said Mr. Zeno, presenting himself at the bedroom door with & candlestick in one hand and a towel in the other. Dobroski threw ihe photograph on the table, and Zeno, as be relit his candle at the other, glanced at it " Do you know that man, friend Frost ?" he demanded, laying a finger on his own portrait. " He is not a friend of yours, I hope V " Why not ?" asked friend Frost, huskily. " He is a scoundrel,1' returned Zeno, placidly, looking as if he noticed nothing, but keeping the keenest outlook on Dobroski through the discoloured mirror. " lie is a Russian spy, that fellow.'"' "How do you know ?" .Frost demanded. He crouched over the fire and rubbed his hands above the blaze to account for the tremor in his voice; "How do I know?" repeated Zeno. "There -was In Milan a National Committee, and I was a member. This fellow tried to bribe me. I know his face. I should know it in a million, but I have forgotten what name he went by. That is ori»o consequence. 1 know the man. If you doubt It bring hip face to face with me." " What do you know of him T' asked Do broski. " Is he an able manf' " A fool," said Zeno. ""He is a Gteek, and lie came to me at first pretending to be a Pole, [.talked with liipi, and he made fifty mis takes in a hundred worda."' "How long ago was this!" - Dobroski asked. . "Seven years next August," responded Zeno, after an elaborate calculation upon his fingers and much knitting of liifl aapdy brows in thought . i'; "You will tellanyone you happen to meet," said Dobroski, taking,np this felt hat from the table and turning, to Frost " It is well that Sail should know.it . I shall trust to tpeet you again, Mr. Wroblewskiff,'" he added, shaking hands .warmly with who took the ex tended hand in both bis And kissed it. ' Frost lighted hisJ gucs1t down- stairs, and saw him into the rainy street . Theti he came 'blunderingly upstairs agaife. 1 " WeU.said Zeno, who wa| towelling hirasejf bef&re; ^ii(5 mirror, i " Weii^""re1ffli'nedTFro3ti like ari echo. " Did be'koo^jnej^ . . ? , " I do not said Frost, with extreme slowness, " whether lie knew'you or whether he didn't "BuCif ap opinion is any use to you, he wap !$p, more taken,' ia thau I was." . «*.,* ' " Pooh r cne^isn^r.' You are a fool." " That's a fr^ZM»4act," saidsFspst " And you're another} "JSuttBgl oldjaiWs .the father of all foxes"."-'". . ' ' .j,l , " Pooh !"<said ,2efln,'Si secofaiiiine. " You are a fooj/£ h ' ~ " Anywqfri' replieS?Fro3t,Jfr 1 ain't fool enough ttfjusl^yeu to jpitch Jffllr -tent on my premises jest at preeept THftbest thing for you to<fo js to slide bffore tpt ola man has time to set-a. watch pft thia J&rtieu;^r tene ment JJ .tliere'f a fv«tch already you'll be followed., Ypp4-0 bright^ooofih to be fable to tell wjiefl SW.<e beifig followed, I ireckon. , ^ypp>rfi. wM?hed jlpn't come mgh ;me agam./ There a a nundxeaJways to let me iknow ^jiereffjEi are. . We'll_#ftit awhile and :see whatjcomQS of. things. II ue suspects I shall W ^atche^^apd I'll fropble him to watch me without my jrnowiij: it" " Give me hie «d<|r<aBS;" sai<|2^Ui. 11 will know whether ligiJpspMlg M #ot I shall call upon him to-uatprjfrjjf.r ^ T -« " f : ? C 