THE V.R.C. RACES. The V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase Meeting took place on the Flemington racecourse on Saturday afternoon, and proved successful, though the attendance was materially lessened, while the casualties incidental to jumping races were consider ably increased by the wet weather of Satur. day morning. But, making allowances for the effect of the threatening weather, the attendance, which included his Excellency the Governor and a party from Government House, was satisfactory. The racing throughout the day was good, and though the running ground was heavy fair time was recorded. Proceedings commenced with the Maiden Hurdle Race, in which the favorite, Hippogriff, scored a win, Sea Breeze being second, Duration third. In the Masden Steeplechase, which followed, another favorite in Reticent won, Lady Ashton filling second place, while Kulkyne was third. There were 10 starters for the Grand National Hurdle Race, which re. sulted in a win for The Agent, a gallant little chesnut horse belonging to Mr. C. H. T. Hart, of Adelaide. The winner's pre vious performances caused him to be top weight, but despite this he experienced no difficulty in beating Guardfish, who had cut out the running for the greater part of the three miles. Cockboat finished third. In the Grand National Steeplechase there were 14 starters, and the result, after a series of falls, was a win for Wymlet, who was rid. den by Corrigan; Sailor was second and Denmark third. The winner winner is the propertp of Mr. Martin Loughlin, of Bal. larat. Morven, a horse belonging to the some owner, was favorite, but in company with several others he came to grief over the stone wall in front of the grand stand. None of the riders were very seriously in. jured. Student won the Selling Hurdle hRace, Flamborough being second and Don caster third. The winner was bought in for 140 guineas, all of which goes to to the club's funds. The Flat Race, which con eluded the meeting, was won by The Ghost, with Plausible second and Bohemian third. -A oe. 