OUR MELBOURNEo LETTER. Mr. Berry was'absent from the Assembly wos on Tuesday, and consequently the Tasmanian C. Treaty could not be discusiied ufntil Wednes -__ day, private members' night, when the time for Government-business is limited. - The political student may get from this a cue as to how the wind will blow. The policy e of the.Government now is to make a show " of fulfilling the promises made in the Speech by introducing all the leading measures anm throwing them like bones for the House to l deal with. By this plan they will be able to go to the country with a good, but unful filled programme, capitalising it by the plea " see what a nice set of pretty toys- just half made, we shall have for you if you send us back to the cabinet- making shop to com plete them." Scarcely any of the measures w are really meant, nor would it he possible to pass them into law this session if they were, wV but they will serve for great cry and little wool. The Mayor's dinner on Monday night will 1 probably be remembered as being marked by some of the worst speaking that has ever to been heard on a similar occasion in the Town p Hall. Every speaker was at his flattest,and P the only interesting contribution was that of - Sir \V. Nalier Broome, the Governor of Western Australia, whom we had not heard before. Sir W. N. B. is i a fille specimen of a plump, middle- I aged, keen - eyed Englishman, without - starch or frills of any kind. He spoke lovingly of his colony in a manner that would have made the fortune of any adver- e tising canvasser, and as lie depicted her B resources, her beautiful climate, the energy of her small people, the great works they had already performed in having greater train and telegraph mileage than Victoria, a:idtheinlduccmentsthe Australia of thefWest held out to men with capital and brains, the whispered word " advt" passed quietly round the table, though we recognised that the kind, frank-looking, genial English ( gentlemen before us was speaking in a worthy cause dear to his heart. Sir William Robinson, who usually primes him p self with statistics, was more ineffective t than usual; Mr. Berry never spoke worse, and the officers had, en usual, a deal to say I anil not much in it. The sensation of the I evening was created by the American Consul- I 'f General, Colonel Morgan, who spoke in a f, manner which seenel to indicate that he rwas laboring under considerable excitement, though hle was for the most part inaudible, 1 and in doing so turned his back upon the Governor and the Mayor, a circumstance which excited much comment, though it may partly have been occasioned by his ,r position at the head of the reserved table, w, shich ran down the room immediately in front of the cross one at which their Ex n cellencics, Admiral Tryon and a few of tshe other notabilities were placed. r An unusual circumstance happened in the s Legislative Council Chamber on Wednesday er evening on the order of the day being called on for consideration in Committee of the LAustralian Executors Trustees and Agency Bill. Dr Dobson, who is the chairman of y committees, rose and asked to be excused ' from officiating on that occasion as he was a director of a rival company which appeared cf to be under the impression that the latest e born one was taking liberties in assuming a Is title anso kindred to its own. The learned B. doctor also stated that, as the Chairman of :e Committees must take the chair if he were u, present in the Chamber at the time, he \- intended to solve that Gordian knot of in regulation by skedaddling instanter. MIr Id Zeal pleaded, after the manner of the fairies et in "Iolanthe," "don't go," and stated the d other company were quite ready to hear all that Dr Dobson could say of them, but the Doctor knew his artful little game best, and accordingly disappeared. The House went into Committee, and Mr. Lorimer was voted to the chair, the proper chairman being sagaciously a;bsent and, as soon as he was ensconced th:rein, back popped the Doctor and commened to belabor the Bill from the en other end of the table, exactly opposite where , he should haue been sitting. For the life of t, me I could not help comparing this little r, juggle with the bobbing in and out of his e. seat p cess of Banquo's Ghost when seeking to to scare Macleth at the banquet. Just now I am reminded that the lucky re owner of the Melbourne Cup winner, gossip ly hath it, is shortly to he married to Miss Gray, and that it is not unlikely that, after the 0e interesting ceremony, part of the racing stud er will be given up. Mr. Loughlin would td appear to have upset the old saying "Un lucky at gambling lucky in love," for his asuccesses on the colonial turf, both "over a the sticks" and on the flat, have been pro , verbial and now we find him drawing a still s more valuable prize [in the matrimonial a lottery. Rd ecently, in the Full Court, one of their e Honors was fain to confess that he had been iO misled in one of his judgments owing to an ' authority on which he had relied being upset e by a still later decision on the same point, and the record of which was not to be found in the Law Library, Now we have another d legal faum pas occurring. One of the judges ee had occasion recently to require a work for reference; the work was at once brought and bore on the back of it the name of the author it was proposed to consult. His Honor turned to the table of contents and was surprised to find that no mention whatever was made of the matter under discussion. Then another examination of the book was made and it was found that one set of statutes and authorities had been bound up eg in the lettered calfskin covers belonging to e another set altogether. And now the d- question arises how many more books are I there in the Law Library of the Supreme to Court in a similar position ? The publication of the news that a sy serious agitation is taking place in America r- for the absolute expulsion of Chinamen e- from the States is already creating a stir in k- Melbourne. The chiefs of the various t "clans" are apprehensive that, should that , agitation take any definite shape, tie SCelestial labor market in Australia will be flooded. Mlost readers of American comic to literature will remember the pathetic manner e in which Mr. William Bye deplored the ruin :r in which his country was involved by the r introduction of Chinese cheap labor. Well, is here in Melbourne, our comic writers are Slikely ere long to have food for their pen. Steadily, but surely, the almond-eyed e Celestial has been making his way in all s departments of work. How far he has gone 1in one direction, that of cabinet making, the o recent strike proved. Our artisans can for O once, therefore, make common cause with \- the Chinese Labor Associations in attempting \- to stop any further spread of the yellow eg plagne. Settling night has proved too much for some of the plungers over the Cup meeting. SOne large fielder has gone down for £7000. t There were very anxious inquiries for him, Sbut all that remained was the intelligence thlat he had departed for a neighbouring t colony. His disappearance is peculiarly 0 inopportune, for several who had betted largely uith him for months past had "laid Soff'" portion of their other wagers at what to f them seemed a profitable price. Naturally Sthe third party declines to allow himself to \- remain unpaid, because the orincipal is a t defaulter, so that the middleman hIas to \- bear the whole amount of the loss. On tle n other side of the ledger, a firm of cash ' bettors are reported to have netted betwveen Stwo and three thousand as the result of their Sbusiness over Caulfield, Wyndham and Williamstown. For the rest, the various if sporting papers report that their offices are besieged by country people holding tickets ' for arious winning amounts but who hlave Sbeen unable to fild the writers. These are Sgentry who are ready to Ilay "anythink a gainst anythin/." A farmer and hiis wife doivl in one of the Sexcursion trips now in the city went into a Sdentist's. " How much do yon charge for Sfillin' teeth ?"asked the farmer. "From 10s P to LI." "And for pullin'?" " 2s 6d" t' Mariar," he said, turning to his wife, "you'd better get it pulled." 