The Extravagant Hindu legend. Of the Hindu legends the most striking feature ia their wildness. Is it a protest against the dull monotony of life in India ? Or is life lesB monotonous to the native than to the European 1 Lai Beliari'a tales, any how, are wilder than the wildest bits of the ' Arabian Nights.' A young man puta an egg of the toontoonia bird into a oupboard, and out of it oomea a babe that grows into the loveliest girl the world ever saw. The I mannik stone in some snakes' heads is worth the wealth of seven lungs. In a certain oity an elephant is king maker, but the king of his choice only reigns a day, for out of the queens mouth oomes a threadlike snake, whioh slays him in the bridal ohamber. A long-lost son, who had fallen in love with his mother, and has mounted the cow-houso roof that ho may break in and carry her off, happily hears his life's story from two oalves that are quietly disoussing him below. A wife going out of doors .on a dark night acci dentally knooks up against a Sankohinni, white lady ghost, that sat on a low branch. The revengeful creature at once took hor by tho throat, thrust her into a hole in the tree, and went in, taking her shape so completely that the mother-in-law, that universal inmate of the Hindu hut, was deceived. The only difference was that, whereas tho wife had been weak and languid, the ghost was briak and aotive. ' Sbe has turned over a new leaf ; so muoh the bettor,' said the mother-in-law, when the errands and the oooking were done in next to no time. But one day tho old woman oaught sight of the ghost fetohing something from the next room ghost fashion, by atretohing out a long arm — for ghosts ean stretch their limbs a great way, though not as far as Rakshasis can. She said nothing, but told her son, and thoy watehed, and be fore long they saw the kitohen hearth ablaze, though thpy knew there was no fire in tho house. Looking through a chink thoy saw that the wifo had thruBt her foot into the oven, and that it was burning like a bit of wood. ' She's a ghost,' thoy whispered, aB they went for tho ojha, who tested her by burning tumeric under her nose. Sho proved her gliostship by screaming, and was thon beaten with slippers till she confessed and showed whero the real wifo was, and was again beaten till she promised never to do the family any further harm. — AU the Year Bound. A sacred burden is this life ye bear : Look on it, lift it, bear it solemnly, Stand up and walk beneath it steadfastly. Fail not for sorrow, falter not for sin, But onward, upward, till the goal ye win. 