TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTON. TUESDAY. There was a lot of usefnl work performed this morning by several of the horses engaged at the S.A.J.C. meeting. The tracks were in capital order, and business commenced sharp at 6 o'clock. Mr. Cook's team were the first on the ground, and Remus, with Marie Louise, after cantering, ran a Btrong gallop over six furlongs, the two year old Cyclops joining in at the halt-mile post, and he led the filly home. Anglesey and Gohanna ran a good gallop over a mile and a half, the latter j Beemingly having the best of it Don Cassai ! and others of the team were doing work. Welcome Jack, accompanied by Velocipede, cantered from the Cap crossing to the mile oost, when they strode along for a useful gallop; the New Zealander begins to ex hibit a bit of form, and Velocipede is none the worse for his trip to Sydney. The pair only ran a mile. There were several yearlings on the tracks cantering and trotting. I noticed Morrison had three getting very tractable. Coriolanusdid a long gallop; after cantering once round he ran three-quarter pace for two rounds of the sand- going in his usual lazy style, but he looked pretty well. I Precious Stone was also exercising; An chorite cantered on the tan, and afterwards did a strong gallop on the sand. Mr. Whitty worked Old Soul and Minerva in company for a good working gallop twice round the ground. Vanguard was cantering, and Robert the Devil also cantered. Tothill in-1 dulged Sardiua and Topaz, who went separately, with easy canters. Dunlop, Juanna, and The Teacher were doing three-parts pace work, running home from the half - mile, but separately. Plausible and Forlorn Hope, together, did a useful gallop over a mile and a half; King ship bowling along over a mile. Sandal was cantering, so were Miss Merlin, Ruby, and Lantern, the latter being a great, fine horse, and they looked none the worse for the rough weather they encountered in the trip from Adelaide. Tattler, who looks im proved, was doing strong exercise a couple of times round the s&nd; Middlemarch was having a capital gallop over a mile in com pany with Miles, Pride of Oaklands being treated to some good exercise, and Baron Necker strode along in nice form. Coffey's horses were doing some good pace work, The Broker striding along for brisk exercise, St Lawrence moving along in nice iorm on the tan. Girofla and Honeycomb were striding along for smart work on the outer going, Hurricane, Bonny Scotland, and others of the string were doing brisk pace exercise ; Ha zardwaBStretchingalongfora useful gallop, also Chats worth, both horses going separately. Silver King, after cantering, had a companion tor a working gallop over three-quarters of a mile, Ringmaster bringing the big colt along the last six furlongs. Alphabet, by himself, executed a three- parts pace gallop once round the sand, Meteor doing good half-pace exer cise once round on the same ground. Evie was brushing along with Hampstead for sharp work, Fernside being treated to similar exercise. Mr. F. Dakin gave Arsenal a use ful gallop over six furlongs. Tibballs was exercising Eagle and Vidette. Mr. W. Dakin had The Pencil and others of his string on the tracks, but they only cantered. Oil Colour, with Conjecture, cantered about a mile, when they stretched out for a strong gallop over a mile and a half; the filly seemed to have the son of King Cole at itall through. G. Reid had the Captivator horse, with one of CrippB's, schooling over the hurdles, and Governor was doing useful work twice ronnd the sand, The Agent striding along for good pace exercise; whilst Country Boy and St John rattled over a mile in good form, the brother to Trump Yoss going well, Islander working with Gymkhana. Mr. Lang's horses were all exercising. Vergy ran' twice round the ground tor half-pace work, Stornoway walking,'Agatha doing useful exercise on the sand. Carbuncle had a strongish gallop over a mile. Cripps bad a long string at work, in cluding Anagram for sharp «xercise, Derision cantering, Duration moving along at half pace, also Pride of the Hills, followed by Hobart, who ran a couple of times round the sand for strong exercise. Mr. G. Glass cock had a big string of hunters, steeple chasers, and flat-racers at exercise, viz., Blackthorn, who looks a bit light after hiB double run over the steeplechase course on Saturday last, with 12st 111b. up; Don Alonzo, Kingston, Distiller, Dollar, kc. Mr._ Morison's colt Vasco was doing some brisk' exercise over a mile; Ace doing nice work; alsoseveral others of Chifney's team." Olivette, a four-year-old filly inOoffey'sstable, was work ing, and DirkHatteraickdid capital exerciseon the sand for a round. H. Yeend was canter ing Vernet, Wildrake, Phantom, and others of his string. S. Mabon had Stonebroke working, a King of the Ring-Rescue mare, Brella, Suncrof^ and two or three others. Mr, M'Kenna's horses were all exercising, Kit Nubbles, Tisane, E.D,, Chandos, fee. There were a lot of other horses exer cising- during the morning. M'Namara's LordWiKon and Manfred I did not notice, they having done some capital work on the afternoon previous, «nd they were out can* tering later in the day. Messrs. Bence, Robinson, Layton, Johnson, and It. Sevior'a horses were all out exercising. In the after noon a lot of yearlings were on the tracks cantering and exercising slowly. CAULFIELD, THURSDAY. This morning a lot of capital work was per formed by the horses engaged in the Good wood Handicap and Adelaide Cup. Mr. Davis sent Camerine for a good extender over a mile and a half. Blink Bonny had The Bohemian for a companion over a mile and a half spin; the chesnut mare, who moved away a little short, finished np well; but, as she was scratched in the afternoon, she musthave gone wrong. Ironmaster was on the ground, but did not work, in consequence of having struck himself at tne beginning of the week. The Ghost was cantering, and Grace Darling strode ronnd the ground a couple of times for useful exercise; Umberto bowling along, over a mile for a good pipe-opener. Mr. Harper had Uncaa on the track, Gracknell being up, and, after cantering, he strode once round at a strong gallop, going well. A number of other horses did good work during the morn ing. 