THE W0VHJ8T, ] A SECOND LXPtL* Br fflns. ALEXANDKB, ACTHOB OP THB WOOING O'T." 1 CHAPTER XL I . }} !L?fchc£' of deeP affection left to Mildred lay dead with her dead mother. Yet she was tearless. Mrs. Leavett, who stayed with Irtr till Mh Welby arrived, was absolutely frightened at her strange calm-the dry-eyed despair of her Face. x " ®^e would see yon, sir," iBhe said to Gribble the day Mr. Welby was expected It would be a great thing if she had one hearty good cry before Mr. Welby comes. And, you'll excuse my saying it, but yon Beem more like one belongihg to her than anyone else. Indeed, ahe is wonderfully friendless.'' " Excuse yon, my good lady! I am thank ful yoti think to. Do-do ask her to see me. I fancy the sits there, thinking, thinking of the long weeks she was kept away from the mother, who was, dying all the time. I tell you what it ia, ma'am; our marriage laws want remodelling altogether. Divorce ought to be free to aH m each cases (between you and me). Go, ask her to see me." And Mildred consented.1 At the first tretnulons wordsfrora the warm-hearted little, man he*.despair melted, and Sh6 pouredout the grief which consumed her. Bat de^p as it wni. fcbfe had no Wish 16 recall her beloved; rather £ etrafo of stem triUmphUnderlny Tier thoughts/that tier toother bad «acaped*frooi all the slights; the mdan deprivations; the wounds that coarse prosperity could cast Out of its abundance upon het; Oh no, she would not have her back; but she longed with passionate intensity to live over ihfe past again, that she might show more devotion aud obedience and love to the tender sympathetic mother. As to her own future, she had no courage to look at it, stretching far away as it did, like one of the old French roads, straight and dry, and white with unstirred dust for hopeless miles, without a break or turn to cheat the eye, or suggest the possibility of beauty beyond the present range of vision. If she could sleep for years, and wake up numbered into the patient placidity of age. that was about the best thing she could wish. But was it possible ever to forget that the last days of her mother's life were embittered by the sense of dependence, by the knowledge of ber child's cruel bondage, by loneliness, by the feeling that there was no place for her, that she was an intruder on life, staying beyond her time, and she (Mildred) had been powerless to aid -or to cheer? On, she had been a coward ! She should have braved all and come to her. Where is the burning eloquence that can pierce even to the inmost, tenderest core of the heart, like the awful silence of death T Death, which answers every self-reproach with an irrevocable " Too late." Away at Winstow, Welby had sustained a tremendous shod: on his return from. Mrs. Dixon's, picnic. That anything, even im pending death, should have animated his wife, his property, his alavfe.feo ptbmpt inde pendent action was appalling. If women undowered womeu-were free to condact themselves iu this.'<^ring fashion, why, the foundations of society would Ueloosened, As to the.'fact of Mm. Carr being danger onjjlyill, Welby. was disposed -to donbt it altogether. It was a swindle got op'to bamboozle hiin. Alra. Welby had been ayLug to get away to town for a month past; ana finding she could not fool hiin out of his consent,^she bad got a confederate to tele 'graph. And that insolent swell Trevor was so ready to escort lier 1 He would just watch whether he went up to town or not Though, it must be admitted, Welby was not disposed to be jealous of other men. He thought he was equal to the finest fellow among them; and he was reluctantly impressed by the delicate purity of his wife. A letter from Gribble next morning de scribing the extreme danger of Mrs. Carr considerably allayed his irritation ; and he partly resolved to go to town the following day. But his uncertainty was tnrned to joyful decision, when a second telegram an nounced the death of his mother-in-law. Nothing could have happened better. He felt quite kindly towards the discreet lady, who timed her decease so judiciously. She had lived long enough to let the world see how generous and considerate he had been, in admitting bis wife's penniless mother to all the comforts and privileges of his hand some well-supplied house. Now he would have it all to himself. No bone of con tention would exist between him .and that last expression of success and luxury, his graceful, elegant, unportioned wife. She had been a little troublesome about her mother; but she was very young, very un acquainted with the doctrine of " values." And now there was nothing left to quarrel about; he could train her in the way site ahould.go. Ileal])', in his case, " Virtue had its reward." , So in . the most amiable mood he packed his travelling-bag, and took the afternoon train to London. He was met by Gribble, who informed i tiinv that Mrs." "\\\ elby as '.sleepingfor the first-time since she bad watched her inotoerj dtaw lifer last bratb, and that she inust not! kC|i ww something quite startling to Welby j to find his wife-' tmt*bef(>tie him ; bnt his satis-; faction f it1js"wbther- in-law's .'"haftpy «. | lease,'tyals too profound to be fiasily ruffletL He -therefore -amiably consented' to defer' his interview with .Mildred till the JM*x$ morning.' That nieeting was an ordeal Mildred would: have fh in jjostponed, but shekneir it was un avoidable. Welby was sitting at the writing-table in his study when she went in., He. rose and embraced herwatmly. " Well, my dear, and bow are you after yonr troublet" he asked, asif she had bad an attack Of measles, op a tooth extracted. M Why 1" Itokinfcat her and speaking In an injured fone,*,yori havB made a perfect fright of yourself, 'crying your eyes out T«u tobk like a ghost Come, come, there has been enobgh of this. All the cryingyou can cry won't bring back the dead, or do them any good. It ought ib be a comfort to you toihink you had a husband to give your poor mother every .comfort and hep-i .plneasin her lastdays, and take her off your uncle's hands. Now, do you see what I am doiag'f'anil ha handed her the Jetter he had been wcitin'g. It was addressed to a well known firm of- undertakers, and rave orders for a funeral in their best ityle, a lead coffin, and all the etceteras of luxurious woe; ' There j you see' l ain willing to ahowher, and you, my dear, evarjr nspecb I thlnkybu might walcomekna a little more family. I : ameure there ia ! no.reasonwe should not be as happy as two love-birds together now s and with acountenance beaming satisfaction and reUef.he claspedher in blsarma. aadpuf .. ^®>|b tWtt xrfrtpuWUtatMr this work hu tnwn pttri Ohiiedbjrtfae tgtaSSbmlS <i Xhe AmtailiwUny his lips to ben?. . The ,next moment he ex claimed roughly, Why/yon are like a stone I Ain t you gladtQ see me?", . I am too sorrowful to Sympathise with your joy," said Mildred quietly, as she laid down the letter. " My joy! Why,, you don't suppose /am going to Cry my eras oat over your mother 1" ne said ahgrily. Yon ore a foolish, ungrate ful womtin, instead of thanking God for a husband to give tier every comfort and-and luxury." , He stopped abruptly, and looked at MU deed as if awaiting an answer, biit none came. She sat down silently as If tlazed and speech-. leBs; and even Welby felt -there was some thing in her grief beyond his power to touch or rouse.. He therefore resumed his^ writing, and left her alone. He was an active man of busi ness, and all defails sopn arranged themselves under his vigorous touch. The last sad' rites were performed. Mil dred nerved herself to follow the remains of the dearly loved mother to their last resting place. Uncle William, who was passingth rouj^i London at the time, nut in a pompous ap pearance: but Mildred' felt her heart would have broken to stand by the grave where the last, the dearest relic of her happy girlhood was buried, had not ltind, genial Peter tiribble been there to sustain her. TJien the return home; the sense of utter, hopeless loneliness ; the effort to sustain a composure which disdained to accept the sort of " CV)me-iIri-y6ur- eyes-and-be-good M Bprt of remonstranfce which ivaa the kind of consola tion her husband and uncle had to offer-ho w unspeakingly bitter it all was ! Travellers tell ns that despite their mono tony, the wild, unbroken space of deserts, the vaafe'plain of pale yellow sand below, and deep blue sky above, ate hot without beauty, and that the puce, untainted desert air is fresh and invigorating beyond what the dwellers in thickly peopled {daces can imagine. It is not so with the blank spaces of life. Over its deserts no clear blue sky spreads hopeful colouring-rather murky clouds; and dull grey mists chill vitality with oppressive sameness, which, if tinged by a sullen sense of wrong, ceases to be merely unproductive, And Jrnngs forth poisonous herbs and prickly thorns. To the story-teller; boo, these blanks the still dark pool which now and then arrests the flowing stream tof narrative, is an abyss of difficulty. True, we can efface months, years, by a few strokes of the pen; bat how to convcy the silent growth, the indescribable progress even in inactivity, which goes on nnceasmgly in the moat profound monotony I This is an unanswered question. Volumes of descrip tion might be penned which few would care ' to look at, aua the writer's only resonrce is | to trust his reader's imagination with work i which is too subtle for the materialism of pen and ink. This means that for the next six months there was nothing to record in the lives of Mildred or the personages linked with her; They went their daily ronnd of work and play~-very little of the latter for Mildred. Mr. Wei by was more exacting than ever, and less oily: he seemed somehow resentful, and on the watch for faults. When in the house, he insisted on the constant company of his wife; he gave her a good deal of copying to do letters and memoranda - in which she was generally to leave spaces lor names and addresses to be filled up by himself. He was ^severer than ever in his monthly examination of-tbe house accounts, till not a postage-stamp or a penny to a crossing sweeper escaped explanation, and the smallest deficit or surplus caused hours of search, and the re-arljustnten c of column after. column of figures.; Mildred felt the invisible 'walls of her prison house closing nearer and nearer every day. Sometimes she fancied there must be an enemy prompting her husband to doubt or anger against her 4 and yet these un pleasant moods were often alternated by fits of physical fondness more hateful still, for tht^y never softened or drew him nearer to her. This weary time, however, was not quite without relief. Lizzie's honest liking became day by day a greater solace, while Mildred's higher nature and superiortraining influenced far for good. Had Mr. Welby absented himself from home as much as he had done at first, existence would have been more endurable, and the step-mother and daughter would have enjoyed their books, and work, and music together. Jane, too, was a hindrance to their full enjoyment of what hours were left undisturbed; for both felt that she was a discordant element, an enemy, and a spy. Uncle Gribble, too, was much with them, and always welcome. They ever fonnd in him a potent and judicious ally. Mr. Welby wasalways on his best behaviourbefore him, and Jane invariably bid for his favour by increased courtesy and amiability. Of course the dulness was frequently deepened by solemn entertainments at home ana abroad, which created some unpleasant ness, as Mildred refused to doff her monrning in order to shine at them. She gave in oh many -points, being indifferent on neatly all, but she stood farm when it became a question of phowing respect to. her mother^ memory. Daring this period she received trtit one letter from Arthur, which bad evidetitJy cjrossed hers announcing their mother's death. Unit Re stated that he bad Stained some lemp&rarr1; work which, he hoped jnfght -lead to better things, but his tone vras farfrom cheerful, . ¥* v . . . . fJaster was rathej late, that year, and a few weekS previously Gribble proposed that they should nil gp to Paris for a short visit " Tpbrjsfc themselves up a little," as he ex kft nn aw* ready vlslted that dty, and never wished to See ft qgaio. Nor did he see that any good would arise from his daughters going there. It was an expense he would not incur, in Bhort He rather expected the present .would be a costly year to him. Sir George Stapleton, the meirtber for Middleborougb, was in a bad state of heaHh, and it was highly probable, he would be obliged to retire from the representation of that town, which was Mr. Wetby's native place, with which he had ftlvppys kept up his former connexion. This would be the opportunity he. had Ibtur waited for, as it was his in tention to offer himself to the electors. This 1jb considered would be the crowning euccess of his career. To, farther the interests of true religion and political freedom in the .councils of his country was, he thought, laudable ambition in a man of the people, as he considered himself to be, he concluded ** M$dred'llstetted with languid surprise. Gribbleexclaimed: : "Goinginto Parliament! the deuce you *w>r . TbQ young .ladies were of course enchanted. Misa Welby eweiled with pride and im .pbrtan'M.. "Well* ChatVall veiyfine,but how ami to nuuuRB my visit to the Continent without W90« to do the parleyvooing for met 1 Come. Lizzie, yon come with me., 111 frank yon ifyour father wijl'fttyiontT'.. .V 7 _ ; "j Thi8, too, ^ riemiiAl %t fiBstVjburaJtejc much discussion and perSiiaSK>n (for Lizzie w«s, moat anxioiia to fid), Welby tya» per Btuided, and about a fortnight before Easter Cribble curried off his niece in trinmpiu \ r Her absence was a great loss to Muaredt. who always felt that Jane wasa Htairoe cop: cealed enemy, and peitwi^ that 'her in fluence with her father increased steadily., . Meantime, her work as secretary iVAs multiplied by Welby'a fresh echifethcB, which had so far a 'favourable effect thai ne tirM oftener taken from home. " I forgot to bring yon yonr money fbr this month," said Welby to his wife, as they sat at breakfast about a fortnight fttfcer Cribble, and Liftne had gone to Pans. " How much have yon in the noose?" " Five pounds and a few shillings." " A few shillings 1 thttt is very vague t How many shillings*'' Mildred opened her parse, find took out seveh, a sixpence, and a haJfofenny. " Well! that will do you till to-morrow. Alt last month's bills are paid?" " All: yon saw the books yesterday your Belf." Mr. Welby rose, and carefully brushed off any crumbs which might possibly disfigure bis "waistcoat. " I don't think I shall be back till dinner time," he said; " bnt if I am, I shall have one or two letters for yon to write, so pray do not leave the house. We dine at your uncle Garr's to-night. I- hope no stupid idea about mourning will prevent your wearing your diamonds! By the way, does Liziue say where we are to addtess?" " No; she desires me not to write until I~ hear ogata; &b; they intend going oh to Vienna. " Ifa! that is annoying ! I wanted to write to Gribble!" ? * With which words Mr. Wei by left the room. " The postman wants to know if this is for you'm, as there is no such name in Brown low-placc," said the parlour-maid, offering her mistress a letter about an honr later. " Yes, it is for me," returned Mildred, ha heart beating as she recognised her brother's writing. The letter, to her great surprise, was dated " Dockborough," and she gathered from (he first paragraph that on hearing of his mother's death, Arthur had written a letter which had never reached itis sister. He had been ill, he said, and nearly penni less ; so, thinking he might still have a chance of employment in England, he took ship as a steerage passenger, though hardly able to crawl. " I do not know how I should liave got through the voyage," he continued, " bnt for the kindness of the ship's doctor. By his advice I stopped here; indeed, I lack money as well as strength to continue my journey. Don't fancy I wish to be an idle loafer, or to hang on you. It I could gather a little strength, and get rid of my cough, I am sore I could manage to earn my bread. I know I have been a fool, and thrown away my chances; but few early indiscretions have been more latterly punished. I only ask some humble clerkship, and 1 am sure a good fellow, sn'ch as you describe Welby to be, will try to procure this much for his wife's brother, which no doubt be can." Then followed some expressions of tender regret for the-dear "mother, finally the most ttying bit of all: " It is with iri&nite; sorrow ana shame i confess that I haven't a farthing; and I do not wish to bring discredit on the good friend who recommended me to the landlady here, so send me a few pounds yourself, and then I will hold out aa long as ever I can. I have tried hard, MiJJy-very hard-to keep myself, but somehow luck was always against me. I sometimes wonder if it's any use trying to take care of myself, and to live on. Don't suppose from this I am a Buicidal sort of a fellow; a very little would make me content But it is hard to get that little, and I have missed my chance. Whatever becomes of me I should like to see you again, just to Rive you a hup; and a kiss and have & little talk. I thank God you are clear of the wreck, and happily settled with a good hus band." Mildred felt as if be"r heart would burst as she read and re-read this letter. The writer was evidently not aware of the profound despondency of its tone. His sister felt it fully; she burned to fly to him, to open ber heart to him, to succour him, with tenderest care. How was she to act for the best: how to touch her husband? At any rate, she would write at once; and, no matter how Mr. Welby might rage and swell, she would enclose Arthur that five-pound note of which she had just given account to her task-master. This was soon accomplished. A few loving lines told the poor wanderer of his sister's undiminished affection, and promised her best exertions with Mr. Welby. Then, re gardless of the injunction to keep within doors, she hastily put on her walking-dress, and went to post the letter herself. The rest of the day was a land of feverish dream. She thought oyer every possible means of helping Arthur. Oh, u dear good Uncle Gribble were back again ? He could not, however, be absent mare than three weeks longer, and then she Wohld secure a real friend for her' brother. And these three weeks 1 How should she contrive to help Arthur through them? Her pulses throbbed, her cheek jburned; the strength of love and tenderest compassion gave-f6rce to her will, new vigour * to ' her invention. Shi would make one more' effort to touch, to rouse, to create, if -po&ibM;,'ih her husband a better, higher self. She would look her best; she would satisfy his vanity, and strive to evoke in him a kindlier spirit As time wore on, and it became evident he would only return to dress foe dinner, she determined to wait till the following morping to break her intellieence. JaBt as she was about to begin her toilette, Welby relumed. He looked less louring than when be went away, for she scanned him with piteous eagerness, too earnest to think, save in a momentary scarce conscious way, what slavery- nay, degradation-it was thus to hang on the caprice or temper of a creature no higher or better than her «elf! She went into his dressing-room to see if' his evening dress had been laid out, a small attention ne had always exacted. He was standing by the table taking some papers from his pocket, and placing them in a drawer. " Popularity is an expensive affair," said he goodbumonredly. "I am tormented for subscriptions to every sort of charity and institution,, They have got twenty pounds out of me to-day for the 'Ministers' Orphan School,' and a Mechanics' Institution at Middleborough. Thank God, I can afford these preliminaries." " And it must be a pleasure to see your generosity appreciated," returned Mildred, with unusual animation. " Tea, I enppose It will Ml in the end." " It is late, Mark You hud better drees." When the well-lighted dining-rooaiflMfetal Welby to- «ee his ..wife, he w^atrupltwith her ^ J^^flreaa of her skin,*^18 whier^SeSc6flgrt11y so pale. the judiclons ttengeifa^it to£lJier diamonds; the lndest^kblfeii^ttqtibnJOrner carriage, made her i rtriklng /igniteii and Welbychnckled" tQ' mms.plf §vfer . lite, own good fortune, "hre well-ftierited fortjj^ue, ft? BO often getting the *vorth of! hi9 He had sometimes doubted pf jntetfoat hi* wife had been on the whole: a'jti$ci6iw; purchase; bat his e^ceUent system wpk toeimning, to tell npon her. and* soon B)ie woaul ' come to heel' aBobfedientlyaB th6 te^t of Juts womfen kind. i !'\ So Welby observed the tidtniripg glances east on liis property Wlth MicjLe aua^tia/ac tion. .. . ..-.'... j A'i " Glad to s^e Mre. WelJtflopkingTOWl." said:her nnciB fciide, aa the gentlemett. <l^ew op theft chai^ af(er tfaBliidi^.hari left.*' I never thought' she would turn oat ero'hand Bome. Speaks veil lot matximoqyr-eh, Welbyr ;:"Jv So far all went well, in Mildred's opinion. Het husband .vaa in a mdst tmjiahleond caressing mood. Bat next mprniag 4he found ft difficult to keep u|p the gort of radiant courage of the night Defore.,_OoId dews of doubt toould rise up and chillfiei spirit; still she stuck bravely to her resolu tion, and watched for the tight momefrt to make her appeal.. " I shall tiot go oat till after luncheon," said Mc. Welby, as l*e rosefrom the break fast-table ; u add .1 «ball wdntycJur help, Jjfii drecl. I iiaveaevdral letters to vmte."" 1 As soon as they were altmf, *mtI-the-d6or of the 'study dosed, with a tnrdbbin# heart and a white face Mildred broughthterself to the charge. ?' " I hod a letter from Arthur yesterdayif ternoon. I should likeyou to read It." *. "Oh, of coarse," still in good humour. "Giveittbme," For five miserable minutes she sat and watched his heavy countenance as he slowly perused the letter-murates whichseemed o£ ice, and yet horned, while a wave of her nervous system seemed to ebb away in a suddenly sinking whirl, draegm# her down, down to untathomed depthB of iiopeIes3 in capability. Upon my word" said Mr. Welby at length, " I have made a nice business of it in marrying you, my dear, I have hardly buried your mother handsomely (she waa really a reasonable creature) than here comes your brother from the other side of the world, hoping to live in idleness and luxury on his rich brother-in- law. He is mistaken, how ever-a good deal mistaken." " And are you mistaken, dear Mark," cried Mildred, her courage returning at the sound of her own voice. "Can you not see that he is in earnest about working? lie only asks a little present help, and your interest in finding employment He will work-I know he wilL lie " *' Only," interrupted Welby, striking his shut hand on the unfortunate letter which lay beside him-" do you know that it is next to impossible to placea wandering ne'er-do well like him. What put it into his head to comeback? If I thought it was you, I'd I'd-He stopped himself abruptly, and even through her eager preoccupation Mil j dred observed the dangerous, lurid look of suppressed fury in his eyes. " Oi that 1 am qoiie innocent," slie said steadily. " I bad most ardently hoyted he would find work and success in Australia. But now that he is here, do not turn your Lade 611 him. Give him. a fair start All, Hai'U, dear Mark, if you knew how my heurt would go out to you in love and gratitude for any help you may give my brother, you would not hrntate. lie is ill and friendless-he thinks £°ou are kind and good; tor my sake he so ih reality, and I will reward you, as far as affection aud duty can." In her urgency she overcame the shrinking reluctance she always had to touch him, and with desperate purpose threw her arms round his neck, pressing her sweet soft lips against his, resting on his breast with an abandon ment she bad never shown before. An e: pression of grim surprise stole over Velby's face, and his arms involuntary closed round the fair woman who clang to him, but an un pleasant smile extended his thick mouth. "So 1 have still to buy your affection and duty ? I have bid pretty high for both al ready, and I fancy I have a right to them." " You will not refuse me, dear Mark. Let me love you! I have wished to do so, but but-you always seemed to think ni£ aud mine such a burden that you chilled me. Oh, do put away this narrowness from your heart, and be my true loving friend and husband. 1 con be more to you than you imagine." " Well, well, at any rate I owe that brother of yours about the sweetest kisses you have ever given me. Now you have shown me what you can be, yoa had best stick to it, for his sake as well as your own." This with an ugly look, thedevil's own mixture of spite and passion, as he loosened his wife's arms and withdrew from her embrace. " Listen to me. Yon are not able to bamboozle me altogether; but if you will do as I hid you, I'm disposed to help you." " Tnank you, dear Mark. I will do what ever you wish." " In the first place, you must promise mc neither to write to this-thia vagrant brother of youra, or to attempt to send him any money." " But, Mark, I have done both!" cried Mil dred, her large eyes growing, larger with paiD and fear. " Sent him money without my sanction?1 said Welby, as if too stunned to beangry. "When-where-how?" " Yesterday ; as soon as l had his letter. ; I wrote, promising to do my best with yoa,: and enclosed him the five pounds 1 had. left. I posted the letter mjrsell. I am sate you cannot begrudge thfct email Bum to my brother, when you can. be so generous to those who have no claim upon TOO." " I did not think you could be so mis chievous a fool," said W^lby, with slow, bitter distinctness that made each syllable a curse. "Do jwa know that you were in point of fact committing a theft t " No," returned Mildred with spirit, " un less marriage is a fiction, and bestows no rights upon a wife. Ah, Mark, do not let a paltry matter like this turn you from the kindness I know was dawning In your heart towards my dear.brother; I am quite willing to admit that I outfit not, perhaps, to have sent it without asking you; but I was dis tracted-I feared to lose tiBie." " You feared to lose the chance of robbing your bosband," put in Welby, who rose ana took atttnVto and fro with compressed lips, &3 if meditating sftuie step, Mildred watched tiim wlthabject anxiety. You will ~r-" Bh$ was beginning, when her husband with a geature commanded silence, ? " Ypnr complete ffivegsTd*6f me lu this business has helped to strengthen me against yout blandishments," he Bald. "Still, I am not inclined to harden myself altogether. Your brother ib now provided with foods tot a week or two ; lshsH tarn over in my <» «*«.. fw iroaMtnot aWaepwat Mr. Welby smiled grimly. ' But all depends on your doing exactly as I direct I do not want your brother to come here and disgrace us; and you must promise not to write to him till I give you leave." " But he will think I am neglecting " " As you choose," interrupted Welby coldly; either obey me, or lose your brother's only chance." Mildred bent her head. " So soon as I have made some plan, I will let you know; meantime, you cau write to him a letter that will correct the ridiculous one I am certain you sent yesterday. Get the writing-things. I will dictate it" " I cannot write what is nnkind." " Yon still have your choice; but unless I have my way, I will do nothing." Mildred, her brief hope and feverish conrage dying out opened the blotting- book, and wrote from her husband's dictation a few cool lines, stating that she had brought her brother's position to Mr. Wei by's notice; that he had promised to consider what couid be done; that 6he had written previously under excitement but must now remind him that begging assistance from Mr. Welby for one who had no claim whatever upon him was a painful task, and one she could never under take again. j In vain Mildred tried to soften the phrases. Welby sternly insisted on his text; and worn out, over-anxious, believing 6he could best Berve her brother by complying, Mildred finally wrote as he indicated. " Now have I your promise not to write anything to your brother without my know ledge, or until J tell yon to do so ?" Mildred hesitated, glanced at her husband's Set face, and promised. " There," Baid Welby; " don't fasten it I may add a line myself." . He took the letter; and Mildred, comfort-; ing herself with the hope that Arthur would understand Bhe had written to order, eat in silence, mechanically arranging the note paper and envelopes before her. " You must copy out these memos for me into the green book," said Welby, taking a set of tablets from his pockets. And Mildred, with an odd dazed feeling as if beaten and humiliated, set to work, and drew down on herself many a quietly con temptuous rebuke for carelessness and in capacity by her many mistakes. 