JOHN BRIGHT, M.P., ON THE EM- PIRE AND ITS LITTLE WARS. To the Editor of the Advocate. SIB,—Perhaps yon will have no objection to place before your readers a few additional meoimens of Mr. Bright's plain speaking on two topios oonneeted with the British Empiro that are a good deal before the public^ at present—viz., the extension of the Empire, and its wars and rumours of wars. A wild, reokless, and stop-at-nothing polioy of extending the Empire is very muoh the fashion at present, ana it goes by the new slang name of Imperial Jingoism. The sturdy Briton imagines that he is specially appointed by an All- wise Providenoe to ocoupy, or annex, large tracts of country, provided always that the soil is naturally rioh and fertile, and that the inhabitants are poor, weak savages, and consequently not able_ to make any stand against breeoh-loading cannon, Martini rifles, and machine guns. But all is not gold that glitters, and BO all is not profit, or oomfort, or pleasure in the annexation business. There are two sides to every ledger acoonnt—a profit and a loss. Mr. Bright is inclined to take a oommonsenae view of the oase, and he has no hesitation in telling the Imperial Jingoes that an ever-growing Empire is no better than a delusion and a snare. Not very oheering this for the sturdy Briton, who makes short -work of taking possession of his neighbour's vineyard, when he finds the said neighbour to be only a poor black savage. But let Mr. Bright speak after his plain fashion:— "But there Is a spirit whioh is by no means dead, and that is the spirit now raised and oherished by the newspaper editors of whom I have spoken. They cultivate as muoh as they oan a hunger for more territory; they have been lamenting that the Colonial Offioe has not annexed a great island in the South Pacific—an island so great that it may be almost called a continent ; and they complain beoause a few Germans have ooonpied a small portion of this vast territory. They do not seem to be aware of the faot that in the United States there are no emigrants who are more highly prized by the country than the Germans who take refuge among them, and make their homes there. Then these newspaper writers want more territory, more colonies, pore taxes, beoause, just as you extend your territory, so do you lay yourselves open to demands continually for greater fleets, more expenditure, and heavier taxes; and at the same time youlay yourselveB open to greater ehanoes of dispute, and greater peril of differences with other nations. These men seem to have nad history without gathering either sense or knowledge from it. What has become of all the vast empires of the earth t Where are they gone t Take the Empire of Alexander the Great; take the Empire of Some, inoluding almost all the civilised world; take the Empire of the Great Mogul in India ; '.take the Empire of Oharles V.; take the European Empire of the First Napoleon, almost the whole of Europe; and where are they nowP They are all gone. Not a traoe of them remains except in the pages of history. Well, this ever-growing empire, which BO many men clamour for, is only, in my opinion, a delusion and a snare. It involves an increasing burden, and it must involve, in some not very remote future, catastrophes from which, we hope, our children may be sayed." Yes, Mr. Editor, and the future that to Mr. Bright's vision is not very remote is drawing nearer to us day by day, and the dread eatastrophesaxo ready to burst at a moment's warning on our devoted heads like a surcharged, thnnder-oloud. An ever-growing empire looks well, no doubt, on paper, and the theory of it is plausible and highly flattering to the aggressive and domineering ' self-cpnoeit and national pride of the Imperial Jingo; but this ever-aggressive Imperialism has its troubles as well as its pleasures, and its losses as well as its gains. A voyage cannot be all plain sailing and Bunelhine. The day comes when the good drip has to struggle for its very life against the overwhelming waves, that know neither mercy nor oompasssion, and the raging tempest roaring for its prey. The weather just now looks threatening for the ship of State oarryingthe flag of Imperial Jingoism. The barometer is falling. The skies are lowering. The waves are rising. The orew are becoming apprehensive. The_ skipper is an old man 75 years of age. His admirers call him the grand old man, but _ his enemies apeak ot him in the most insulting and disparaging'terms. The orew are a mixed lot, Some are said to be very smart young men, and pnein particular is said to be keeping Us eye open to the post of skipper when the '. G.O.M. oomes to be consigned to that bourn In. the. mystic land, but whioh on the ocean wave is known in nautioal language as Davy Jones' looker. Another of the orew—who Is faaown by the pet nBme of Darby, his father being an Irishman—is very unpopnlar these times with some of his cousins in ; the Antipodes, who complain of his stupidity and neglect, and allowing some of their property to fall into the hands of the skipper of a foreign pirate dup flying the German flag. Darby savs he oonld .not help it, and he would have challenged Bizzy, the skipper of r the pirate, to fight, but he was told that ,'.. this terrible fee-foo ; fum dipper was a compound of blood and iron, . and so he came to the conclusion recommended by the sage of old, that the better part of valour is dis-| oretion. Another of the orew, rejoioing in the pet name of Granny, is laid up in his bunk Buffering from a very severe fit of panics 'and nervous dyspepBy. He cannot digest his food, neither oan he sleep at night. He sees frightful visions of a large pirate ship, with a crew of polar bears instead of men, and an awful-looking thing like a' hnge blaok eagle, with a long neok and two heads, for a skipper. No wonder that poor Granny would quake .with terror at the sight of such a ship, and orew, and skipper; and so he wrote a very polite diplomatic note on satin paper to the two-headed skipper, asking him to draw a boundary line across Davy Jonea' looker, and each pirate ship to keep to its own side from that forth- An answer to this polite request is anxiously expected; meanwhile Granny and the rest of the crew are singing martial songs and firing blank cartridges, to show that they are not in the least terrified or apprehensive—just as a little boy, going along a lonesome road after nightfall, will whistle to himself to make believe that he is not afraid of ghosts, though his teeth may be chattering, and his knees knooking together, all the while. It will now be a question of Bull versus Bear, and so let the best man in. Though Mr. Bright is a loyal Englishman, yet he does not believe in the Queen as head of the Reformed Church, manufactured and established by Henry, Cranmer, Elizabeth and Go. He belongs to that mild deoootion of theology known as the Society of Friends, but vulgarly called Quakers. Now, a Quaker is said to be a man of peaoe, and those who like to scoff and jibe at him say that he is for peaoe at any prioe, meaning thereby that a Quaker will allow his seat of honour to be kicked skyhigh sooner than he would "tiorht or offer himself as food for powder. It is all very fine to talk of fighting, and to boast of the Empire on whioh the sun never sets; but Mr. Bright takes another view of the caseone in whioh common-sense and pounds, shillings, and penoe are combined. Mr. Bright gives the dark side of the vainglorious picture:— " Cast your eyes baok for a moment on the reign of Queen Victoria. Do you imagine the reign of the Queen is remarkably a reign of peaoe, and that Heaven should be thanked for the long peaoe that we have enjoyed? How muoh peaoe have you enjoyed? A great many other people, at your cost, have not enjoyed it. There were three wars with Ohioa, the most peaoeful empire in the world. A war with Burmah, and I know not how many wars with South Afrioa, even before the Zulu war. A war in the Crimea of the greatest proportions. Two Afghan wars, in one of whioh not less than 60,000 camels died of hunger, thirst, and overwork. Another war in Egypt; and I assert that it was not possible for anybody to form, I will not say a just defenoe, but a reasonable excuse, for the wars that have been waged by this country during the reign of the present Queen. And I would ask you: what would have been the reign of the Queen— how muoh more glorious it would have been—if these wars had not been waged, and how mnoh more abundant would have been the prosperity of our people? Oar Government has spent out of our taxes during the Queen's reign more than one hundred and fifty millions sterling of money, and as to the nnmber of lives lost—I say nothing of the lives of our opponents, enemies as they are called, who have been killed,— 60,000, 70,000, or 80,000, or more have been killed. If the Manchester, or peaoe polioy be dead, then, I say, let us humiliate ourselves, for morality and Christianity are also dead." This is certainly a terrible prioe to pay for glory and the extension of the British Empire ; nevertheless, the Jingoes of Imperialism, or Ceesarism, are far from being satisfied, and they cry aloud for more blood and more expenditure. And now this inhuman and preposterous folly has seized an the Jingoes of these Australian colonies, add our oolonial sons of Mars are as eager for the fray and a brush with the Arabs as if tie cause was the noblest or the most justifiable tbe world ever saw. But why need the Oolonial Governments be so anxious to take part in slaying poor savages, who, as Sir Wilfrid Lawson has said, are " butchered to make a Jingo holiday," when they oould get a foe worthier of their Bteel nearer hom«? For instance, there is the German flag n<JW flying in New Guinea and several of the adjaoent islands, and also in Apia, the principal harbour in the Samoan group of island^, Now, the logio of this oase is very strong, and also eo plain and simple that a child mfy understand it. The Melbourne papers, the Argus, Age, and Daily Telegraph, have pronounoed their jadioial opinion on the'matter —viz., that New Guinea and the other islands belong to as, and to our children, and ltd onr children's children, &o.;, &o.; Prince Biamarok oalls the way, and, without leave or lioense (from w), hoists his German flag, and takes possession of what does not belong to him, but to ns; ergo, Prinoe Biamarok M a trespasser and a robber. What are we to do ? To drive out the intruder, of course, and also to chastise him for his insolence and his attempt at robbing ua of our heritage. This is the only logical outcome. It follows as a matter of course. The robber must be made to give up the stolen goods, and then I he must suffer the penalty for his crimes. :But who is to oarry out the judicial-.sentence— who is to bell the oat ? Mr. Dalley, of New South Wales, or Mr. Service, of Viob That remains to be seen. Mr. Dalley very knowingly drawn a xed herring- at the scent by sending his contingent to bi np and polish', off eome hundreds of OBI ; Digna's men; and as for the sleek and Service, he is gone to sleep; and when he wakes up he will look about him, like Rip Van Winkle, and wire to Murray-Smith sundry peremptory orders to my Lord Derby in referenoe to the annexation question. It is to enable^ him to enjoy his long sleep that Mr, Servioe has put off the opening of Parliament for a considerable time. It will enable Prince Biamarok to "put in a crop" in his new selection, and after awhile who knows but we all shall become fast friends and model neighbours ? It would be a pleasanter arrangement for both sideB than one involving a considerable expenditure in Gatling guns, Martini rifles, and gunpowder.—I remain, Bir, yours, &o.;, 8th April. EAXOK. Ox Monday, 2nd March, at a monthly meeting of the Corporation, Sir George Owens introduced the question of the proposed visit of the Prinoe of Wales, expressing his opinion that a committee should be appointed to prepare an address of welcome. Mr. Clancy followed this with a notice of motion that the citizens and their representatives consider any attempt to express welcome or loyalty as, under the circumstances, an insult to the Irish people. The Council was occupied until after five o'clock considering reports, notices of motion, etc. OF the Catholic Peers (says the Tablet) who took part in the great division in the House of Lords upon the vote of censure, seven voted with Lord Salisbury and eight for the Government. For the vote of censure were the Duke of Norfolk, the Earls of Abingdon and Denbigh, Lords Ashford (Viscount Bury), Gerard, North, and Petre. For the Ministers were the Marquis of Ripon, Lords Braye, Clifford of Chudleigh, Fingall (Earl of Fingall), FitzGerald, Herries, Kenmare (Sari of Kenmare) and Vaux of Harrowden. The eighteen Catholic peers who were absent were the Marquis of Bute, the Earls of Ashburnham, Gainsborough, and Oxford, Lords Arundell, De Freyne, Mowbray, Acton, Camoya, Dormer, Emly, Granard, Lovat, Gormaston (Viscount Gormaston), Beaumont, Stafford, O'Hagan (a minor), and Howard of GloBsop. THI levy of a second instalment of the "blood tax" is going on in the barony of Tireragh, under the Crimes Act, and for the compensation of the family of Nicbolls, the gamekeeper, who was shot near Dromore West a few years ago. At the time of the tragic occurrence—the murder, or manslaughter, or whatever it might be— nobody in the locality dreamed of ascribing it to agrarian causes. Nicholls, a Scotch import, and a fair type of those in Ireland whom the Government thinks well of entrusting with arms, was a rowdyish character, insolent and aggressive to the "Irish Papists," among, whom he was placed. The general belief was that be drew his doom upon himself by his evil manners and quarrelsome habits, and that his death was the result of some private personal animosity he had provoked. Among those who are thus made amenable (by Act of Parliament) is the Catholic Bishop of Killala and the clergy of the various parishes in that portion of the diocese. A police constable waited upon the Bishop recently for his assessment of the abominable and insulting tax! For its collection is general and indiscriminate. No distinction is made with regard to rank, creed, or profession. Gentle and simple, rioh and poor, are subjected in proportion to their rating—the tax is twopence in the pound—to this most odious and degrading impost, which brands the people of Tireragh as aiders and abettors of murder. THE CATHEDRAII OP KTT,P*BW.—The crumbling walls of the anoient ohuroh of Kildare is all that is left of the entire monastic pile —the onoe beautiful foundation of the Fitz< geralds, Earls of Kildare. Five of these earls are known to be buried there, with; doubtless, many other members of their family. In passing through the ruins you have to thread your way oautiously over the thickly-strewn graves through the long grass and rank weeds and the soft, marshy turf. The interior of the ruined church is a confused heap of mounds, over whioh lie, broken or tottering, monumental stones. A dense growth of nettles overspreads the whole, and repels any attempt of the student or archaeologist at gratifying his ouriosity. With a little knowledge of the looal history of the place a visitor may go forth into the cloisters and locate, one by one, the dwellings of that sacred band who were the companions of Brigid' and Conlacth. On the north side of the enolosure is seen the Fire-House, in whioh the Holy Abbess kept the perpetual fire burning brightly night and day—at night and in storm especially. For, if you examine the looality, you oan plainly see that the Fire-House of St. Brigid, with the Round Tower near at hand, is' on a gentle eminence commanding a prospect of the oountry round about'for miles.. In the year 490 this bright blaze in the-darkness and storm warned the wayfarer and homeless wanderer over these wilds that there was a place near at hand where a hospitable door was ever open to the needy,- where there were warmth, welcome, and good sheer awaiting them. And so this sacred fire burned all through the Middle Ages, until one of the minions of Henry VIII. extinguished it; and so on in the Oak Groves of Kildare the light of learning and piety shone until the evil day when Elizabeth's soldiers oompleted what her father had began, and then Cromwell's Levellers made the coin irreparable. FLIES, AND Biros, -beetles, infects, roaches, cleared out -by "Rongh on-UBata." Eeltan, Grimwade $ Go* Agents, Melbourne.,' 