Presentiments. Hall's Journal of Health. A PRESENTIMENT is an impression on the mind that something is going to take place, and usually such is the case; perhaps we may say without exaggeration that something always does occur after a presentiment is formed; if such were not the fact, we cannot conjecture what would become of everybody. Just imagine for a moment that something did not take place in such a large world as this i We are told of a young lady at Kinderhook who was visited by an apparition two years ago, at dead hour of night, which announced to her in solemn accents that in two years shs would be the inhabitant of another and better world; this circumstance had aucb a depressing influence on her mind that she pined away try degrees and did die at the close of the term named, and was buried a few days after. An eminent clergyman on parting from another in St Louis said: " I have a strong presentiment that we shall never meet again,'' and within a few hours he perished at the Gasconade on the Pacific Railway. An almost infallible cure for presentiment however violent is a good emetic or a grubbing hoe, with a few days' bread and water diet For ourselves we would omit the emetic, as we do not patronise physic, except by proxy. The reason we give medicine at all is that people are always in a hurry, not exactly to get well but to get able to eat; if they can only eat n_e out „ ton think they are getting along famously. An emetic will dissipate»presentiment in five minutes, while the vigorous use of the grubbing hoe in the open air would work off the extra and thin blood. Who ever heard of a healthy out-door labourer having a " presentiment" in the pursuit of hit occupation ? The fact is, they have not tint* to be moping about such tomfooleries; the only presentiment that ever troubles them ia avert* table fact, a tangible reality. "Root, pig, or, die," is their ever living ghost. Idleness and gluttony are the great origin** tors of this unfortunate condition of mind, and its almost certain removal follows temperate eating, combined with physical activity. If unattended to, and friendly death does not step in to save from a greater calamity, insanity winds up the history. To the reflecting we suggest a fact which dis sipates the mystery which hangs around " pre sentiments." In ordinary cases a thing Is not baptised as a "presentiment" until the coinci dence of the fact Superstitious minds, in which presentiments mostly dwell, take no note of the countless impressions that certain things might take place which did not after* wards take place; one such coincidence makes an impression acainst a million non-cenonr rents.- 