Suiiday Reading. The Ministry of Childhood. By obb Bct. S. A. Tipple. He shall save the children of the needy.—Psilra lxxii, 4. v Bat I hSTO said. How shall I pnt thee among the children, and give thee a pleasant land ?—Jeremiah Hi. W. LIFE, .charged -with difficult and adverse • elements for all who would live en htgk, is fall, also, of ministers sent to help lis against our coarser propensities, to oho ok and turn ns in our pronrness to descend, to prevent or mitigate the hardeWffigs with which we are threatened; and among these are two agents of a very different kind—namely, death and childhood. Widely dissimilar they aire; grim, and fair, repulsive and charming—the one the ahadow cloaked from head to foot, waiting darkly by the wayside, intheplaoeofcondburse, at the posts of our doors, nowand again stealing ' close and more cloeely to envelop and de : vour; the other a.dancing, a light, a dainty -music, an embodiment of freshness, sweetness, . andexquisito vitality, yet both are alike minis . tors of God to keep ns from sinking too low, . to interrupt and break our worldly bondage, to assiBt" us in maintaining some elevation and ^tenderness of spirit. Death, ghastly death!—the poetry we owe " .to it, the birth it has been of lofty dream and noble .song! How it has prevailed when nothing else hag sufficed to subdue enmity and beget gentler thoughts and kindlier sentiments; to open long-sailed fountains of "emotion, and * set them flowing; to draw the mind, if only for awhile, from immersion in petty ambitions and poor-vanities to a sense of higher realities ' and higher claims; to awaken purifying sym pathies and affections or pulses of new earnest ness^. And childhood—it is ' a perpetual- Mes siah,fasFmersotfaaya, ' which oomea into the arms of fallen men, and pleads with them to return to Paradise.' How a little child, with his gay notes and sonny eyes, will lift ns some ^tiinss.aboye our depressing cares and miserable "worries; soften the hardened temper, recall ns tern feverish fret to healthier calm, from the bad mood that had begun to creep over ns to a sounder and better; clearing with his breath .tile dost from off the begrimed eoul, and restoring the sensibility which contact: with , noisome atmospheres or with the noisy crowd hsdblunted. How, sometimes, he will disgnst " ns with our. oonkention-ridden selves, and leave ns sighing inwardly to be simpler, freer, . purer i Whohas riot felt his Bubtly- chastening, anbtly-redeeming potency ? Only fancy what "it would he if there were none but adult men andwotriento be met or seen; if there were never a child's laughing in our path, never a child's hand to lead ns for a moment when we are sad, weary, or out of sorts; how we should yearn for the sight and touch of one again! Children, ther are troubles and burdens, of course; they may be, often are, in the-roy; may be often a source of vexation and pais ; but vrhat on earth should we do, what on earth should we ' be likely to beoome, without them? We Bhonld mias them sorely were their presence denied na; there would be lees hope, lees courage, lees \- nfeet charity among us than now, and less defense for us against the devil within; lees to \- aid ua in working out our salvation; the heavens would lie further off, and steeper and rougher would be the asoent to them. \- - But our richest advantages are often, to a great extent, marred and spoiled, and we - are not served by them as we might be. A cover ing gathers upon the face of their glory; .blindly orcareleisly we throw them away, or suffer them to be impaired; their due ministry -to us is obstructed; so often through some defective or disordered condition much of the wealth provided for us is rendered unavailable, is kept tied np from us, and we inherit less than we possess. Something operates tocon : oeal or: disguise our treasures, and we live ; without enjoying them, we miss the pleasure and the profit of them. Perhaps it is onr own clouded or jaundiced vision which incapacitates us ior seeing them as they are, which tarnishes their brightness and hides their valuo; perhaps r it is in contact with onr own distempered heart -that* they lose their true aspect and become . disfigured. We dim them with the shadow of ourselves ; beneath our vitiating touch half the virtue departs from them. • What glimpses and impressions we get, now . mid then, of a fairer scene than appears, of a /.world of good and beauty lying veiled around -na: as when we pass out from an ill-mental mood into one more wholesome, from some in ward disturbance or derangement to a healthier .mind, , and find, straightway, external things transfigured—oheerfnl promise where none bad gleamed, favourable circumstances where we had beheld nothing but what was unfavour able, wells of water in what had seemed before ' a springloss desert. . Maoy provisions of Nature for our happi ness and for the promotion of our higher inte rests ate apt to be more or less spoilt for us in the progress of -what we call civilisation; while giving.ns farther conveniences, comforts, and appliances, bringing increase of refinement and widened thonght, it tends to carry with it counteractions or nullifying of not a little which the system of Nature contains conducive to'blessedness; and well-being; certain losses aooompany its gains; some of Nature's bene ficent gifts and arrangements are frustrated or interfered with; some of her sweet things for our enjoyment and nurture are polluted or sullied. And when we talk of the ministry of phildren-^what hosts of them there are in our towns tad oitfes,.wh«l& poverty, with its long train of evils Wad miseries, defrauds as of, I who by reason of their helpless oorruption With want and dirt, and foul air, andwretobed environment, are anything hut the benign and lovely influence among u> that they should and might be.. Walk through, the streets, pehelttte th'i onurts and alleys of East London, and Sett. ahd lament for the sWarms of ohildfen whose pre sence and exprewioh is the reverse of ministerial to one's spirit; whose presence and expression, instead of eontii-, buting to brighten and heal and meliorate only depresses, sickens, revolts. They are all chil dren, like'those whom -Christ took in His arms with the words: fOf suoh is the kingdom of Heaven ; ' like the child vrhoto He set in the midst of His'disclples for their instruction and correction', like the little one.'at home whoso radiant face is to you a daily fillip and refresh ment, in contact with whom yon seem to take even a cleansing, reviving hath, who breathes upon yon when world-milled and world etained, and you receive the Holy Ghost; con cerning whom yon have said to yourself at times :— • Not in twilight stars on high, -- Not in most flow, ra at even. Feel we onr God so high. ■ ; . But these ooarse, sordid, decrepit, filth disguised children -of the. slomi—what soothe do they afford to-we try-and embittered men? What thoughts of heaven do they suggest ? What refining effect have they ? ret because they are children, how the most miserable in aspect, and the most repulsive-looking might be able to.ohann and bless, if only they were washed, and.,healthened,~ and placed amid' happier surroundings; in numbers of them what unexpected beauty and grace would-be discovered, what .excellent possibilities are waiting_to be realised! 'The mud,' cays BuskinJ''.. which wo tread under oar feet is a .gnmymixture of clay, and sand , arid; soot and water; separate the sand, however, let the atoms arrange themselves in place, accoiding'to their nature, and you have the opal. Separate the clay, and it becomes a white earth fit for the, finest porcelain; or, if it further defecates it self we have the sapphire. Take til3 soot,,and properly treated it will give you a diamond; .rifle the water,'lastly, purified and distilled,' will emerge as a dew drop or cryatallisesmtd a lovely star.' And under different'conditions what transfigured creatures would .many of London's saddest, dreariest children! gradually develop; how wondrously winreme 'and.de lightful many of them would"be found I 1 .3 ; Oh, the ten thousand gehUalmihisters of God that at present lie buried-land -bit in tham! Imagine the new power ai&inflnerioefior;' gooi that wenld he disengagedaridljberated could they all be rescued mm thewaataod dirt, arid foul air and wretched enviirmmrett that comtririb to spoil them for us, and he.iturned into real ohildren—wholeeomes-3 — - arid fair; it would, he a new gospel -of life, a new salvation armyin our midst! There would be so much more tofielpagainstfie tafiiKrig, devils of gloom,'' gfee^arid' WoiWlfriesif-'so' much more to help toward keepinguaiat'heart, tender and trusty and true.' A child, look ybu, a child—oorrupted from his simplioity, or in any wayori-irfod and disfigured, is a' minister of Ood suppressed; and think whit, Christen dom has allowed multitudes of her little ones to become in all grimmest, ugliest, unchildlike neaa. - •• v.. . | Nothing is sadder to witness than any per- | version of good and beautifiol things, if it be only the perversion of the nature of ^ a plant through lack of light; to see it so wan and sickly when it ehould be tease and strong; the few leaves and shoots put forth pallid and yellow, instead of jnicy green; the ordinarily dim audsolid stem watery and eemi-translucent; Hie . native qualities deteriorated,- changed! 8adder still, the spectaole of noble gifts and talents prostituted in their application; the spectacle of rich emotional sensibility expend ing itself on low and unworthy objects; the spectacle of a woman sunk in nnfamirrine coarse ness, and hardness; but the saddest sight cf all to- witness fr the perversion, in any instance, of child nature. The true child is merry and gay, brimming with happy dreams and funnier ignorant of the pressure-of Hack care. He overflows with trost and faith and hope. ;He hu not attained to the mischief of being wise or of enduring evils to come by forecasting them 'He has bright and rapturous conceptions bubbling up within, like rare springs of limpid water.' But look at the troops of gutter children—old, dull, wixehed creatures most of them, heavy and depressed through confinement in foul air, unac customed to aught of delicious wandering in fairyland—the children's country—with email vision-creating or amusement- inventing capacity. A.barrister and his sister, not long since, opened a room in a low neighbourhood as a playroom for poor children. When thoy had gathered the little ones together,'and told them the purpose for which the room was opened, the latter, to their disappointment, remained sullenly motionless and still*-for thoy knew no games I At length the thought suggested itself to the beoeyolent couplo of starting them with that most universal and most rudimentary of ajl child-pastimes—mud-pies. So they provided their guests with lumps of olay, and invited them to model the clay into anything which pleased them boat; then, presootly, there was activity, and,' one and all,' they began to fashion; it into coffins. The chief form in which excitement and recreation had come to them had been in watching the funerals that proceeded through their streets, and when bidden to play, all they could do (Cod help them I) was to play at shaping coffins. What could do more ghastly as a perversion of child nature ? ' : It is-sad to see any shut out inexorably from what thoy uto specially fitted to appreciate and enjoy, living denitd the opportunity of mak ing acquaintance.with,it. Now, to none of us, perhaps, do the scene* and objects of tho country yield such vivid delight as thoy yield to children; for them there is always a wondrous charm in t't e fields and woods, and they, above all, ought to^uvvo free aooees to them. That a obQd should be on intimate terms "with their eeoreta, with the, waving grass of the wide meadow, with the trees thatolap their hands, and the birds that sing among the branches, with the streams that phsttot ovtSr stony Ways . . In little ahtrpB and trebles i Or sparkle ont among the fern, To bicker down a valley— this seems so right and natural. Tet there are thousands of young ohildten stifling in poor courts snd alleys of yonder city who have soaroely had a glimpse of the sweet oountry, who are surprised to find, on being taken thither at last, how big the sky i-", and that gooseberries grow on . bushes. . One of the penalties of bestirring ourselves to try and do good, to try to remedy or relieve, consists in the number of painful facts and ugly realities whioh it reveals to us that previously we bad hot been conscious of, or which it brings home to as more. forcibly, more penetratingly than we had felt fhem before, and the Fresh-air Mission, on behalf of whioh I- am appealing to you to-day, .has brought out'and thrust-upon: as distressingly pathetic features in . connection with the lot and condition of many children around us,~ whioh we had not imagined, or imagining had not realised, little sad unchild like deficiencies. and ignorances, little sad un childlike ideas-'and habits that are enough to _make an angel weep. How utterly inapplio-: "ableto them the 'pictures .which5 poets have drawn of ohlldren, and whtohweara wont to recognise as faithful and true! Longfellow's pioture for example: But what are these grave thoughts to thee ? Out, out into the opeo air, i.." Thy oaly.dream Is liberty, - Thon coreat Httle how or whero ... - I .> I seo thee eager at thy play, b." ' Nowsliouting'totheapplesontli'etrpe,-'r With cheeks as round and red a, they;.; And now among the yellow eta Iky,--' . i'; :•*/ ■. Among the flowering shrubs andlplapU. ■*. As restless as the bee. Vi j , I plead, then, for your Hberi}\dd,toward! the maintenance and the exi&n;'sion 6f the" Chil dren'a Fresh Air Mission, which seeks to be the medium of giving to poor and sickly city children three weeks' holiday in the oountry, by distributing them in various villages, to be boarded with trustworthy cottagers. ' The Mission has grown gradually from a small be ginning ; let it grow still farther through your oontribnfcipns to day. . ;'VA* fewdweeks' holiday in the country—how dad,we ire with it! And'Wo are counting on. having itsoon; we are looking forward to ani interval of freedom and rest by the sea and among the.hills,* but none will enjoy it like the children^ and none like the captive children: of the ~tloms. Oh, the unspeakable rapture; for those who know no playground but the stony, streets, amidst foul cloud and dirt, of -play .from mom to dewy eve in soft, green meadows beneath the clearness of an ample tky;-aadth»quiskening novelty of everything •w-the>-new* sights and sounds' and odours, the new ways of living, the new sense of health and buoyancy, the new thoughts and feelings stored^ with thematorial unconsciously gathered' for after-bright dreama and memoriea: as A gentle ehock of mild surprise Will earry far into their heart the Yoice Of mountain torrents, or the visible sceao , Will ester unaware* 2ato the tsiod With all ita solemn imagery,:it rocks,-^ •4" Its woods and that uncertain Heaven, received : Into the hoaom of the steady lake. 