WYLLARO'S WEIRD. A NEW NOVEL . BY JOSS M. E.' BRADDON, ; ; Airritoa op " Lady Audiey's Secret,-" . ' ' ; "IsmiAEE,"&o.; ' Ciiaiter XXXIII. — ..Sweet, is Death for . . . .' Evekmoiie." . ... Dismal hours, dreary days of monotonous : ' melancholy, a hoplcss lassitude of. mind-arid body followed for the. widow after that.awfnl sudden death. Every one was very kind ; every, ono was considerate; even the law was more than usually indulgent. The honor 'of an iuqucstwas spared to that dcsolato mourner. . Things were mado very easy by Sir William Spencer s recent visit, by the fact that. ho. had. been heard by the servants to pronounce the ceso hopolcss. Mr. Nicholls, the local practi tioner, registered the cause of death as muscular atrophy, and considered himself justified ; iu sodoing, as'to his mind suicide had been only a symptom of tho malady, a poroxysm of despair following quickly upon Sir William Spencer's admission that the end was inevitable. " If ever, a man had a right to tako hisown life that man had," said Mr. Nicholls; when be argued the matter with his own conscience. , An inquest would liavo done good to nobody, but Mr, Nicholls was very anxious for a post mortem. He wanted to see if tlio muscles wcro much wasted, if iho medulla itself showed traces of disease — whether Cmveilliier oi Virchow had the best of the argument. But lie was not allowed this privilege. Those early stages of bereavement, while till liouso was darkened — that sunless autumn day ou which tho funeral train wound slowly ovei the incor to the distant burial ground, tho read ing of thenvill, the coming and going of friendi aud legal advisers, wcro ns an evil dream tc Dora WyHiu-dj Sho took uo part in anything. She affected no interest in anything. Just at the last she was asked if she would not like to lay her offering upon the coflin — one of those costly wreaths, those snow-white crosses ol fairest exotics which had been sent in profusion to tlio wealthy dead — but she slnauk l'rom tlie questioner with a shudder. " Flowers upon that coflin ? No, no, no." Yet just at the very last, when the procession was leaving tlie ball, she nppcured suddenly iu the midst of the mourners, palo as tho dead, broke through tlie crowd, anil threw lier tribute on tho colhu lid, a handful of wild violets gathered with her own hands in the melancholy autumn shrubberies. She bent down aud laid her face upon the cofliin. " I loved you once 1" she moaned, "I loved you once !" nnd then kind hands drew lier away, half faintihg, and led her back to lier room. Tlie blow had quite unsettled poor Mrs. WyUard's mind, people said afterwards, re counting this episode, nt second, third or fourth hand. No ouo was surprised wbon she left Fewuorval within a week of tlie funeral, nnd went abroad with her two old servants, I'riscilla and Stoddcu. eslleathcote and Bothwcll hnd plnnncd every thing for lier, both-being agreed that she must bo taken away from the scene of her sorrow as speedily as tho thing could ho done ; nud she had obeyed them implicitly, unqucstioningly, like a littlo child. What could it matter where she went, bi Published by special vTiuigoincnts with ttic author All rights reserved what becamo of her ? That was the thought in her own mi ml when she assented so meekly to every arrangement that was being made for her, wclfuro. What grief that ever widowed heart hadjo bear could be equal to her agony ? It was not the loss of a husband she had adored —that loss for this lifo which might have been balanced by gain in a better life. It was tho extinction of a beloved, iinago for ever. It was the knowledge that this man to whom sho had given tho worship of her warm young heart, the enthusiastic regard of unexperienced girlhood, hnd never been worthy of her love that he hnd come to her wcarv from tho dis appointment of a more passionate love than ho could ever again offer to woman — the first, deep love of a strong nature — a love that burns itself into heart and mind as aqua Jortis iuto steel. He bad como to her stained with blood guiltiness — an uueonfessed assassin — holding his head high among his fellow men, playing the good citizen, the gcncrons landlord, the patron, tho bcnefuctor — he who had slain tho widow's only son. Ho hnd lived a double lifo, hiding his pleasures, lest his gains should bo lessened by men's knowledge of bis lighter hours. He, who hnd secuied to her tho spirit of truth and honor, had been steeped to tho lips in falsehood — a creature of masks and sem blances. This it was which bowed her to the dust ; tliis it was which weighed upon her spirits as no common loss could haro done. With her own hands she oxplorcd her hus band's desk and despatch boxes — the receptacles for all his more important papers — in search of any written confession which should attest tho dead man's guilt, and for ever proclaim Both well's innocence. It would have been unutter able agony to her to have made such a con fession public — to liavc let iho curious eyes of the world peer in upon that story of guilt and shame ; yet bad any such document existed she would have deemed it her duty to make it pub lic — her duty to her kinsman who hnd been the scape goat of another's crimo. Happily for her pence there was no such paper to bo found — not a lino, not a word which hinted at the dead mnu's secret ; and happily for Both- well tho cloud that had hung over hint had by this time dispersed. Tlio steadiness with which lie bad held his ground in tho neighbor hood, the fact of his engagement to Miss Heathcote, had weighed witli his Bodmin tra- ducers ; and those who had been the first to hint their suspicions were now the readiest to protest against tho infamy of such an idea. Had Bothwell emigrated immediately after tho inquest these same people would have gone down to tho gravo convinced that lie was the murderer. But before the end of that year there occurred an event whicii was considered proof positive of Bothwell's innocence, and an absolute solution of the mystery of tho unknown girl's dentil. A miner entered a solitury farmhouse between Bodmin and Lostwiiliiel, in the dim grey of a winter evening and killed two harmless women folk — an old woman and a young one — for the sake of a very small booty. Ho was caught redhanded, tried, convicted and hanged in Bod min gaol ; hut although he confessed nothing, and died n hardened, impenitent sinner, it wa3 believed by every one in tho placo that his was the pitiless hund which had sent the French girl to her doom. "She had a little hit .0' money about lier, may he, poor lass, and he took it from lier, end when she screamed he pushed her out of the train. Such a man would think no more Of doing it than of wringing tho neck of a chicken," said an honest towusmnu of Bod min. Thus having identified somebody as ilic mur derer Bodmin wns content, and Boihwcll Grahamo was more popular than ho had over been in the neighborhood. He gave the county town but little of his Mcicty. notwithstanding this restoration to favor. He rarely played billiards at the inn, or loitered to gossip in the high street. Ho could not forget that people had once looked coldly upon him, that he had suffered the shame of unjust suspicion. At Trc- vena he was happy, for there no one had ever so wronged him, there ho was a favorito with everybody, from tho rcctorto tho humblest .. fisherman. At Trcrulga. too, and at Boscastlo he had' friends. He could afford fo turn his hack upon tho people who had been so ready to think evil of him. One of Hoathcnte's first cares after iho Pen- morral funeral had been to write to the Baronno do Maucroix, His letter was to the following effect " It is my grave duty to inform you, Madnmo, that the murderer of your son has confessed bis crime, and also that he has escaped from all earthly tribunals to answer for hissinsboforo tho Judgcofall men A painful maladyfrom which lio had been for .somo timo a.' sufferer ended fatally on the evening of tho 10th inst., within the hoar in which ho. confessed his guilt, llis case had been pronounced hopeless by a distinguished physician ; but it iB juBt possible tlio shock caused by tho unexpected revelation of his guilt may have hastened his end. " Accept, .Machine, my. respectful, "homage, and permit me .also to, express (uy.adniiratiun : o. that truly Christian spirit which yoii cviuctd at our late interview. . "Edward IIeathcote." By return of post Mr. Heathcote received en answer to his letter ; hut the answer wns not in the handwriting of tho Baronno de Mnucroix. That hand wns still for over. The letter was from the Bnronue's friend and confessor, the cure of tlio village adjacent to her mansion. " Monsieur, — " Under tlio sad circumstances prevailing at the chateau, I have taken it upon myself, with the permission of tlio Into Baronne's legal re presentative, to reply to your polito communi cation, which wns never 6ecn by the eyes of iny , lamented friend and benefactress, Madame do Maucroix. Upon that very' evening whicii you nnmoin your letter as the date of the murderer's death, I called at the chateau, soon after vespers, according to my daily custom ; being 'permitted at that period of the day's' decline to enjoy an hour's quiet conversation with that saintly woman who has now been taken from us. I was ushered as nsnal into tho salon, where I quietly awaited Madame dc Mnucioix's appearance, having been told that she was in her son's room, that apartment which she used nsher oratory. I know that .it was hor custom to spend hoars in that chamber of her beloved dead, ab- . sorhed in spiritual meditations ; 60 1 waited with patience, and without surprise, for more than nn hour, mnsing.by tho fire. Then, wondering at this unnsnnl forgetfnlness in ono always so considerate, -I ventured to lift tho portiere and to pass through the intervening salon, which was in darkness, to tho bedchamber, whore, through tlio half open door, I saw a lump burning." " I pushed tho door a little further open, and went in. The Baronno wns ou her knees hesido tlio bed, lier clasped bunds stretched out straight before lier upon tho satin coverlet, lier face leaning forward. I should have withdrawn in respectful silence, hut there was something shirk and'rigid iu tho dear lady's attitude which filled mo with fear. I wondered that slio had uot been disturbed by tlio sound of my foot steps, for my heavy shoes had creaked as I walked across the floor. I drew nearer to tier — not a hreal h — not a movement. "I bent over her mid touched tho clasped hands. They were cold for over in dentil. It was a peaceful, a blessed ending 1 such an end as they who best loved that noble creature would have chosen for her. " Accept, Monsieur, the assurance of my high consideration. " plerlle puw.et'si." Chapter XXXIV. — " Who Kxows sot CmcB?" Tho Cornish tore, those wild blown hills upon whoso dark foreheads time writes no wrinkles, were just ono year oldor since Julian Wyllard's death, and Bothwell Graliamo was established iu his house at Trevcna as an instructor of tlio embryo engineer. Already two lads had gone forth from Bothwell's house after six months' iraiuiug, and had done well at Woolwich. Other lads were coming to him — spns of men he had known iu Bengal. Ho was on the high road to reputation. After that first passionate disgust with all thingsduriug which lie had stopped the builders, prepared to quash that contract which he hail signed with such delight, (hero hnd come a more trouquil spirit, and Boiinvcll Grahninc had faced his Inst unexpected troublo wilh a resolute heart. A conversation which he hnd with Edward Hentlieoto soon after Julian WyJlard's deatli had given him his first gleam of light. Hcathcoto spoke to him hopefully of the future, and urged him to wait quietly. " Your marriage will he so much Iho wiser, so much tlio more likely to result in lasting happiness for this delay," I10 paid. " If you are as lovnl and standi as I believe you to he, if it is really my sister yon would like' to marry, and uot this fascinating widow who woos you with fortune iu one baud and social status in the oilier — if you are really bent upon sacrificing these good tilings, £01' Hilda's sake, lie sure she will ultimately accept your sncrifico. In the meantime bo patient, and pursuo your indepen dent course. A woman always respects a man who can live without tier." " Bat Icannot," answered Bothwell. " Life will ho less than life to mo till Hilda and 1 arc ono." " Don't let her know that if you mean to bo .master of your fato in the future," said Hcath coto. " Timo can bo the only test of your truth. H at tho end of a year you hnvc not married Lady Valeria Harborough the chances are that my sister will begin to have faith in you. I know that she lovos yon." " Toll me where she is tlint 1 may gr te bar — that I may convince her." " I have promised to respect her secret," answered llcathcote firmly. Bothwell uccepted this friendly couuscl with a good graco, went hack to his old lodgings at Trevena, sot tho builders nt work again, spent his days in the open air and his nights in hard study, ate little, slept less, and looked like the ghost of his former sclt He saw no more of Lady Valeria : bnt a society paper informed him early in November that she had taken a villa nt Monaco. He could gttcss from what fount of consolation she was obtaining oblivion of lier griefs. Her grace, her charm of manner, were dwelt upon fondly by the paragraphist. She was leading a life of absoluto seclusion, ou account of her recent bereavement ; bnt sho was tho admired and observed of nil whenever sho appeared. Tho succeeding paragraph told of Sir George Mildmay's residence ut one of tlio chief hotels. He was a distinguished figure at the tallies, hud broken tho hank on more than 011c occasion. Bothwell smiled a cynical smile at the juxta position of those two names. " 1 supposo the gentleman has forgotten his beating, lie said to himself. It was an infinite relief to him to know that Lady Valeria was on the other sido of tlio chan nel, that her palo face could not rise before him ghost like amidst the home which she hnd ruined. Ho worked on witli all the hotter will at that embryo homo of his, for tho knowledgo that this dreaded syren wns far away. He worked with such energy that tlio buildors were whipped out of their customary jog trot, and laid bricks as bricks were never laid before. Boihwcll watched every brick, with a three foot rtilo in his hand, and pointed out every fiaw in tlio work. He paid his builder promptly, ns the work progressed, and gave him erery encourage ment to lie speedy, Tho alterations and improvements in the old cottage were all finished by the end of Novcm- 1 hiTj'and'the buildew hnd finished the brickwork of jli&inew; irooms, -Tho old. rooms , wore tho-. roughly dry and ready for occupation before Christmas, arid Bothwell spent his Christmas in his own house, the first Christmas he had so spent, aud a very dismal one. But he hnd his dog, a devoted collie, his pipe and his hooks, and ho mado the host of his dreary life. Ho hud u couple of lads, his first pupils, coming to him early in January, aud ,ho wanted to air the house in his own porson. He wus a little proud of tills first houso of his own, even in the midst of his snduess, ns every man is proud of tho tiling that ho has created. Ho walked about the rooms, opening trad shutting doors aud win dow sashes, to sco how thoy worked. Needless to say that somo of them did not work at ail, and that ho had various interviews With fore men and carpenters, by whom a good deal of tinkering hnd to ho done before everything was ship shapo. . That wns Bothwoll's favorite ex pression. Ho wanted things ship shape. "He ought to call his houso " Sbip-shuptHall," said, tho forcmnn. Bothwoll's chief delight was derived from his otyn little inventions and coutrivnncos, his shelves in odd comers, his pegs and hooks, and ingenious littlo cupboards. Theso ho gazed upon and examined daily in silent rupture. When bis two boys came to him, long-legged brawny youths, with open countenances, grin ning perpotually for very shyness, ho took them to see all the shelves ana hooks, and expounded his theories in relation to thoso conveniences. There was not to ho a slovenly comer in the houso ; every article was to have its peg or book, or shelf or cupboard. Tennis bolls, rackets, foils, single sticks, skates, whips, guns, boots, caps and gloves. Everything was to bo classified — deportmented. Organisation was to ha the leading uoto. Befuro a week wns over tlio boys had begun io nrloro Bothwell. Thoy wore sporting, and could afford to keep horses, so Bothwell and Mb pupils hunted with fox hounds and harriers all through that long winter, far into the gladness of spring. The hoys were always with him. Ho laid 110 leisure in which to abandon himself to sadness, except when lie shut himself up iu his study to write to his cousin Dora, who was living in Florence, attended by lier maid aud by Stoddon, the old Pcnmorvnl butler. Sho was living iu absolute retirement, hroken hearted, seeing no.ons, seen by no one. Tho socioty papors had nothing to sny about her. Prom Bothwell Heathcote sometimes heard of Jnlinn Wyllard's widow, heard of her with an nching heart. No messngo of friendship, 110 line of recognition had there ever been for him in any of those letters to Bothwell. of which he was generally told, some of which hnd been read to him. Hilda had been quietly pursuing lier studies at the Conservatoire nil this time, seeing a good deal of Parisian lifo in a very modest way, that inner life of straggling artists aud men of letters, nnd their homely industrious families, a life in which she found much that was intel lectual, blended with a pleasant sim plicity, an uhsouco of all pretence. She liked the Tillet girls, nnd she liked her sur roundings ; while music, which had always been a pnssion with her, now became the solo object of her existence, " I suppose you will come hack to the Spani ards some day, nnd take care of tho twins and mc," lier brother said to her one day in the August after Wyllard's death. He had stopped iu Paris to sea Hilda, on his way to Switzerland. " Yes. I shall go back to the old home— when Bothwell is married." - " That is rather hard lines for me, seeing I dou't believe Boihwcll has any idea of getting married to anyone oxcept you." Hilda blushed, aud then shook her head des- poiulingly. - " Who cau tell what lie means to do," she said. " General Harborough died loss 'than a year ago. Lady Valeria could ; scarcely, marry within tlio year." "But if Bothwell meant to mairy Lady Valeria, ho would scarcely lie grinding lnds at Trevena," answered Heathcote. "Ho has be haved so well that I feel it my duty to plead for him." Hilda pur her arm round lier brother's neck and kissed him, by way of answer. " Let 1110 finish my studies at iho Couscrva- toiro, and then, at tlio beginning of next win ter, I will go hack to tho Spaniards ; if you should still want me there. But perhaps you will have found another mistress for the old house before that time." "I know what you menu, Hilda," lio answered gravely. "No, there is no hope of that," " Not yet, perhaps. It is too soon. Dora is too loyal and' true to forget easily. But the day will come when lier heart will turn to hor first love. Yoh have ncvor ceased to care for her, havo yon, Edward ?" " No, dear,- such n love as mino means once, and once only. My wife wns all goodness, nnd I wns grateful to her, aud load of lier — hut that uffectjpu was not like flic old love, nnd it never extingnished tlicoldlove." "Be sure your reward will come in due time." " I can nfford to wait, Hilda." He went on to Switzerland, strayed into Italy, tlio St. Gotlia roulo inviting him. He spent a month at Florence, and he saw Dora Wyllard several times during that period, lor half an hour at a time. She hnd tuken np her abode for the summer nt a mountain inn, near the Abbey of the Grey Monks, iu the forest of Vnllomhrosa, a truly romantic spot amidst the wooded hills. Hither Edward Ileathcotc made his pilgrimage, deeming himself richly rewarded by half an hour's interview ; but there was little iu such interviews to stimulate hope. The widow was bowed down by the burden of her sorrow. Her only feeling iu relation to Edward Heathcote was that lie alone upon earth knew the r.tory of her husband's life, und that lio alone could fully symapatliiso with her in lier hopeless misery. There arc widows and widows. While Dora Wyllard was living alono among tho pines nnd chestnuts of tho Appeuiucs, seeing no one hut monks nnd occasional tourists, and religiously avoiding tlio latter, Lady Valeria Harborough was living up tlio Thames, in a neighborhood whicii has of Into become so fnsliionahlo ns to rauk rather ns an uuucx to West Eud Loudon than ns iho country. She had hired ouo of the prettiest villas at Mnrlow, a dainty bungalow, built by an artist, who soon tired of his toy, and exchanged tho villa for a houso boat, which was less com modious, a good deal more unhealthy, hut which possessed tlio charm of not being rooted in tho soil. Tho house had seemed per fect when Lady Valeria took it ; hut she sent down a West. End upholsterer with a, keen .eye :for riie hcautjful to riiiike all possibio improve ments, ' and tho result wis a nest' whiclj might have satisfied a modern Cleopntra. Yet it did not quite satisfy Lady Valeria, who found fault with a good many things, aud informed the upholsterer that although his taste was fairly good, aud his coloring woll chosen, tlicro was an absouco of originality iu his work. "1 havo seen other houses almost 11s pretty," slio said, " and I havo seen drawiugrooins just like this, which is worse. I hate to live iu rooms like other people's." The upholsterer murmured something about a royal princess nnd a royal duchess, both of whom hnd condescended to express themselves pleased at his decoration of their houses ; hut Lady Valeria froze him with her look of scorn. "I hope you don't compare mo with royal princesses," sho said contemptuously. " Thoy are accustomed to let other pcoplo think for thorn, poor creatures, and they take anything they can got. No ouo expects originnlity in a palaco. I don't wish to grumble, Mr. Slicra- dalo, hut I am just a littlo disappointed in your work. It has no cachet." Tho upholsterer accepted his reproof meekly, but with an air of being wounded to tho quick ; and he took care to debit his wounded feelings against Lady Valeria when he made out his bill. That villa np fho river in tho lovely Juno and July- woathcr seemed to bo in tho midst of the world's fair, It was gayer than Park- lane — a more concentrated gaiety. Pleasure wore her ' zone a little looser here than in London. Thcrowm just a touch oi BohomianiHH, People wore what tho/liftd, raid what they liked, did ns tliey liked. There were few stalely cnterfnin- liicnts, few formal dinners, or smart dances ; but cCcry ouo kept open liuuso, tlicro was a perpetual dropping iu, or going aud coming, which kopt carriages nnd horses at work all day between houses and stations. Tlio river was liko a high rend, aud half tlio population lived in whilo flauuol, and smart tennis frocks, und eccentric hats. It was a world apart — a bright glad summer-world in which there was no such thing ns thought or euro ; a world of shilling blue water and green meadows, dipping willows, rushy cyots, and batigiug woods ; a world in which there were hardly any regular meals, only a perpetual pic nic, tho popping of champagne corks heard in every creek and backwater, while humbler revellers rested 011 their oars to drink deep of shandy-gaff ; n world musical every evening with glees, nnd songs, and serenades, to an ac companiment of fcutlioring oars. In such a world ns this Lndy Valeria Har borough lived over agnin the samo kind of life she had lived nt Simla — hut not quite tlio same, for at Simla she had maintained lier dignity ns General Hnrborough's wife. Sho had received tho worship of her admirers as a queen in tlio old days of chivalry might receive the homage of true- knights. Now she had adiffereut air, aud tho homage that wns offered wns of a different quality, That winter of widowhood nt Monaco, with her stanch ally Sir George Mildinay in constant, altcnduiico upon her, had mado a carious change in Lady Valeria. It hnd vulgarised licrwilli that gratuitous vulgarity which lias become of late years one of tlio lead ing notes in English society — the affectation of clipped words and slang phrases, the choice of vulgar ideas, the studious cultivation of vulgar manners. Naturally this acquired vulgarity of May Fair is not quite the same as that of Brixton or Highbury. There' is not the genuine ring about it. Tlip accent is the accent of Patricia, hut tlio words are the words of Plobeia. It is, however, all the more offensive because of blending of aristocratic insolence — that Pall Mall swagger which gives ton to the hmgnago of Hoxtou and Hollowny. Lady Valeria had fallen into iho fashionable slang und the current drivel. She had left off reading, nnd hnd tnkoii to cigarettes. Her court was less of a court than of old, nud more of a smoke room, Pcoplo . camo and. wout, nnd did and said what they liked in hor presence. Sometimes in the dreary uoou- tido, when the closed Vonotinns "nnd "the shadowy rooms recalled tlio atmosphere of Simla, Lndy Valeria reclined iu her lounging cimir, fanning herself languidly, and half stupe fied witli chloral, a stele which she described as being " a little io.w," Sometimes in fho evening she wns all fire nnd sparkle, a vivacity which her enemies attributed to dry champagne. There was a great deal of champagne consumed at that ideal villa ; but with a perpetual dropping in of visitors — n household conducted upon the lnxest principles — who could tell what became of the wine. Tho empty bottles were the only difficulty, since there seems to be no uso yet invented for empty champagne bottles ; the very outcasts, the rag and hone collectors reject them. Lndy Valeria was going to tho had. That was the general opinion among lier noarest aud dearest — the people who eat her dinners and drank her wine, nnd smoked her cigarettes, and used her luxurious rooms as if the villa had been u club. She had taken a horror of soli tude, must have a crowd about her always, lis amused cost what it might ; and us she hated her own family she would hnvc none of them at any price. Hcnco the somewhat rowdy fol lowing which mudo the house by the river notorious. Lady Valeria hail been ruined by a winter at Monaco. That was what somo pcoplo said. Others ascribed her deterioration to tho fact of having escaped all control, nnd having too much money nt her disposal. Others shook their heads, and asked what could be expcclcd of any woman whoso guide, philosopher and friend was George Mildinay. ' And lie means to be her husband," added one shrewd observer. " My dear Aubrey, she detests him," urged another. ' " That makes no difference, no means to marry her. A woman who takes chloral will marry any man who makes up his mind to have her. 