A Story Without a Name. Chapter II.— (Continued.) Mr. Marsden waa at no 'time an admirer ot praotioal jokes, nor did he see any exceptional wit in Barry's personi fication of Lord Waterdale. He bad come to Quirribri to inspect a station which he had just bought in the neigh bourhood at the instigation of his niece, MiEs Beatrice Gordon, wbo bad her own reasons for wishing to visit that charming little town. Tbey fell in with Lord Waterdale and hiB companions on the road, and Barry and Beatrice put their heads together to bring about that result which tbe latter, at an rate, ardently desired. And now Miss Beatrice tnaa nnofiiitsi nalmlir elonnino nff 4l-a fafiffnas WC»n v«aau»j Bivwjiwig WU U40 *«»«.*£ U.VO UI IUQ jUUliie^j and Barry, in league with Dr. Carew, was watching for an opportunity to enlist Mr. Marsden's sympathies on behalf of hiB rebellious nephew ; and neither the one nor the other suspected tbat he might be as well acquainted with George'a movements aa themselves. Meanwhile, he waa silently observing Mr. Pyke, and the result of his observations was not so favourable that it in induced him to interfere aud protect that exemplary gentle man from mystification. Nevertheless, he felt exceedingly annoyed both with Barry and Dr. Carew, and the very small degree of respect with which he treated the supposed earl would certainly have aroused Mr. Pyke's suspicions had he been collected enough to make any reflections on the subject. At length it occurred to his lordship to ask it there was not a young gentleman of^the name of Clifford living in Quirribri. Dr. Carew glanced quickly at Mr. Marsden, who remained perfectly unmoved. '' That's the name of the master of the Public school. Does your lordship know anything about him ? ' «sid Pyke, wbose caution had not yet quite deserted him. ' I was about to ask you that question' said his lordship. ' What sort of a master does be make ? ' ' Eminently unfitted for the post ' said Pyke. ** A young fellow of no ballast. It appears he failed to pass an exami nation. We are trying to get him moved.' He jerked out his sentences as though he were try ing to get to the end before his voice should play him any tricks. As it was, he grew a little thick at the end, but he cat erect in an attitude of such rigid dignity that none but the most profane mind would have ventured to suggest that he waa not as sober as Gen eral Booth himself. I ' Allow me to inform you, sir, that Mr. Clifford ia my nephew, tbat he took high houours at tbe Granville Uni versity, and has been admitted to the bar. What absurd story is this of his failing to pass an examination f ' naked Mr. Marsden, looking at Mr. Pyke in a manner which made tbat worthy person feel very uncomfortable. He muttered something in reply about the committee and the Minister for education till Dr. Carew to the rescue. ' I have heard the story from Clifford himself. It ««»»» that when he applied for the post here they invited him to pass an examination in aome valuable lore solely for the use of the rising youth of Australia, such aa the depth of the creeks in the interior of their native land, the number of head of marsupials, and the towns' popu lation, products, government; physical lonuMm, fauna, and flora of the country of Yaoori, in tbe centre of with the probable amount of rainfall during the year. Clifford ventured to remonstrate, and some one in power supported his remonstrance, so he was appointed with to better recommendation than his university honours and. attainments.' ' There are aome people,' remarked his lordship, ' who do not know a scholar and a gentleman when they see one ; but there are others who are prejudiced by tbe stories circulated by ignorant and malicious people. Now I gather tbat Mr. Pyke, not beine in a position to judge for himself, has allowed himself to be prejudiced in this manner.' ' Not at all, my lord,' said Mr. Pyke, with a deep salaam. '? Not at all prejudiced against Mr. Clifford. Didn't know he was Mr. Marsden's nephew and your lord ship's friend. Very fine young fellow indeed; quite above his post. Give you my honour, my lord,' (' A valuable gift ! ' murmured Carew under his breath.) ' I wouldn't hurt Clifford for anything— very sorry for the pxir fellow, in fact ; but Bright's a good man, a thoroughly good man, my lord. But we musn't hurt Clifford* my lord ; in tact, we'll get him something better. Not in the least prejudiced against him, my lord ; wouldn't hurt him for all the world.' And so he continued, growing a little more husky and a little less coherent, until hewassummarily cut short by his coble entertainer.' ' No doubt, Mr. Pyke, no doubt. I am convinced tbat | you wouldn't dream of doing anyone an' iujury. But I don't know that Mr. Clifford' — with a stress on the Mr. — '? wants much help. He's a very independent fellow, and, if be did stand in need of assistance, here is bis uncle and former guardian quite ready to give it to him.' Again Carew glanced at Mr. Marsden, aud again that gentleman's face was inscrutable. ' He might practise at the bar if he chose,' continued the other, ' and if he prefers teaching in a public school, why it's no one's concern but bis own.' 'To be sure,'' said Mr. Pyke. 'But I should like to do anything in my power if he'll allow me. Quite a gen tleman, saw tbat at once; very glad to help him. I've a great respect for independence. Didn't know he'd a rich— that is to say didn't know Mr. Marsden was .his uncle. So he prefers to be independent. Foolish fellow to throw up the bar: but I auppose he knows best Wouldn't injure him for all the world, not for 50 Brights. Hadn't an idea he was a friend of your lordship's. Ask him to meet jou to-morrow.' ' I shall be delighted to meet him,' said the earl graciously. 'And now, Carew, let's have a bumper in honour cf tbe old school. Here we aie three old Etonians, you and I and Waterdale— that is Marsden. Mr. Pyke, you won't refuse to join us in drinking ' Fioreat Etonai' 'i ' What's that 'i ' said Mr. Pyke, over whose brain tbe clouds were gathering thick and fas', and who had, there fore, not noticed Mr. Barrington' s slip. ' It's about time to end tbe entertainment,'' said Carew meaningly. ' Let's bave some cognac for a wind off.' His lordship rang tbe bell. ' Where were you edu cated, Mr. Pyke?' he asked. Never was educated,' answered that truthful gentle man ; but, immediately recollecting himself, ' that is to say, private tuittion.'' ' Ah, yea ! ' said his lordship, ' a capital plan, too. But here's tbe cognac, and here's to the prosperity of the old placc ! * Fioreat Etona ! ' ' Mr. Fyke, now past sll prudence, lifted his glass and calmly tossed off something like half a tumbler of raw brandy. Its effect was speedy and remarkable. ' What fun we used to have at Eton, continued his lordship, laughing across tbe table at Carew. '? Do you remember tbe practical jokes we used to play on unpopular fellows and tutors ? ' 'Apparently, it is a taste that sometimes survives n later life,' said Mr. Marsden drily. ' 'You are quite right, old fellow, it does. For my part, I never could see the harm of practical jokes, provided they're not played on myself. What do you Bay, Mr. Pyke ? ' Mr. Pyke murmured something unintelligible about doing as you ehould be done by and tbe golden rule, which was received with almost noiBy applause by the putative carl and his confederate. ' Quite right ! ' vociferated the former. 'Quite rieht! Your sentiments do you honour, Mr. Pyke, and I'm proud to have met you. The golden rule for ever ! Never do to-day what you can — no, that's not it Wharis it, Carew ? ' ' Do others for fear they should do you. That's Pyke's rule to a T. What's that Pyke you once told me abont keeping a debit aod credit aocount with heaven and balancing every week P Did you really mean it, old fellow ? ' ' Certainly,' aaid tbe other, making one last desperate effort to collect his scattered wits and to speak coherently.' ' Keep daybook, put down everything, always contrive credit outbalance debit, Bather Lord be my debtor than I be Lord's, instance — I got horse sell, say, worth £5. Wesleyan minister wants try horse. Go to him, say, sell him £15, give £2 Church. Lord my debtor £2. That's Christian, ' haviour and Mr. Pyke's voice died away in a aeries of half articulate sounds, amongst which his hearers reoognised attempts at sacred names, and something abont ' for of such ia the kingdom of Heaven.' For one minute Mr. Barrington Marsden and Dr. Carew looked at each other with more disguBt than amusement ; but finally amuse ment got the better and they bust into a simultaneous roar of lsughter. The other Marsden, got up and silently left the room; this last exhibition was so inexpressibly revolting to bim that he oould stand no more, and for the moment he was inclined to put Pyke and his entertainers all in one category. The other two left alone with tbeir respectable victim, contemplated him for a few moments in silence. His head was sunk on his breast, but every now and then he lifted it up with a determined jerk, glared fiercely around him, aud then relapsed into his former attitude. ' He's pretty well done for,' said Mr. Barrington Marsden. *' I tell you what, Carew, he's too drunk to ride home to night. We must keep him here.' ' Pyke, old man,' said Dr. Carew, ' you had better stay at Pettigrew's to-night. You're not quite well enough to ride home, and on Christmas Eve, too. 'lhink of tbe hob [ goblins!' ' I say Carew you're a little out there. Christmas five is just the time— isn't it?— when ghosts don't go about,' said Barry. ' Don't you believe it, Pyke' aud the other ? 'I onoe saw a ghost on Christmas Eve.' 41 Not 'fraid hobgoblins,' retorted Mr. Pyke. ' Sandy told me Halloween looks out to ghosts. Teld Sandy ghosts don't come sober men — ghost don't come me.' ' Obviously not, old boy ! ' cheerfully assented Dr. Carew; but, all the same, hadn't you better stay at Pettigrew's to night; it's a beastly night, wet and windy, and you might be blown over the Maniac's Cliff. I wouldn't try it if I were you.' But Mr. Py ke was just in that atato of semi-consciousness which made bim apt to resent any suggestion as an attempt to interfere with his personal liberty. Ihe more his com panions tried to persuade him to stay the more determined waa he to go, and even the ' earl' had quite lost hii influence. ' Wilful man must have his way,' said Baity Marsden, ' but remember, Mr. Pyke, if the hobgoblinB carry yon over the Mainac'a Cliff it is not our fault, remember.' To which we regret to say that Mr. Pyke replied by con signing all hobgoblins to the perdition which is their natural portion in one vigorous monost liable which would have Bounded in tbe ears of all Quirribri like the explosion of a bombshell. It had audi a remarkable effect upon his com panions that they gave up the contest and helped him down stairs and on to his horse, which waa brought up by an astonished groom. ' Mr. Pyke has been taken unfortunately iD,'* aaid Dr. Carew, at which the in an grinned openly, ' Lookout for the hobgoblins and the cliff, and remember Christmas Eve, ' cried Carew after the swaying and n- treating figure, and the wind brought * back an answer, indiatinci indeed, but even more vigorous than tha former one.' ' I say, Carew, is itaafe to let the man ride home alone? '? asked Barry Marsden, with a touch of compunction In his . tone. 'Bless you! yes,' said' the other. ' Ihope yon don't expect me to follow him; the road's safe and atraight enough; he'aonly a eoupje of miles to Oo, and the tain'll sober' him. Besides, don't you know a special Providence watches over drunken men?' ' Humph 1 ' said the other. ' Well, good-night, I must go and pacify old George.' What do you^think of young George'a chances? 1 say Barry, his uncle must have known he waa here aa well at you or I.' 'It appears ae; bnt you.oan'1 tell. Old Marsden ia a deep u Newgate. Witt, bm't lock to -ta«s* ud to v ?S. ani a merry Christmas. Mind you tarn ap to-morrow, fi-ta.' Ani Mr. Barrington Marsden departed in search of hii cousin, carrying a very crooked candle, and yawniog prodigiously between snatches of ' We won't go home till morning' and ' Sweet Belle Mahone.' Chapter lit. Qnirribri was snch a small place that the inhabitants knew each other as it were by heart, and were apt some times to pall upon each other. It is not surprising, theie fore, that the advent of a stranger was hiiled with a degree of enthusiasm quite unknown ia larger communities, ex cept perhaps in the case of a duke, royal or otherwise, or that an unknown individual walking down Main and Bye streets should throw those peaceful thoroughfares into a state ot temporary excitement. Judge, therefore, of the distracting influence of two well-dressed bat unknown worshippers in St. Mary's Church on Christmas Day ; the decorations, the new anthem, had not a chance beside them, and tbe larger part or the congregation felt itself quite relieved from tbe responsibility of saying its prayers ; for the Anglican community in Quirribrij by slightly invert ing the order of the Church Catechism, had placed the duty to one's neighbour aB the first law binding on good Christians, and one's duty to one's neighbour meant to inspect him, criticise him, ascertain his parentage, in come, and weaknesses, and generally to be better acquainted with his private affairs than he was himself. ' Who are they ??' ' A distinguished-looking man.' ' Evidently a gentleman, and what a prettv girl ; father and daughter, 1 suppose ; but wby does she bow and he does not?' ' He must below-church.' '-Mr. Cart wright won't like that.' ' A nice-looking gentleman.'' 'Queer old cove.' Ain't she a srackup piece ?' 'You bet they've come from Granville.' ' Is that a Granville bonnet?' ' Well, 1 didn't think they wore 'em eo curled np behind.' Ain't we flash !' And so on through all grades of thought and all manners of expression, friendly and hostile, towards the intruders, who followed the service, quite unconscious of the severe scrutiny they were undergoing. Of course in Quirribri, aB in other places, there were a few people whose heads were sufficiently well filled with their own ideas to leave room for no more than a pass'ng wonder as to who the strangers migbt be ; but we may safely aver that there was only one person in the church who remsiced quite unconscious of their presence during the greater part of the service. Clifford, from the time he took his seat until Mr. Cartwright gave out his text, bad never raised bis eyes from the little American organ which stood at one side of the chancel, and commando! a fine view of the whole body of worshippers. This strange young man was always iaclined to neglect his opportunities in this respect ; but to- lay he carried his aff- ctatiin of cot staring about him to a degree which was simply incompre hensible in a reasonable being, unless he happened to be remarkably religious. And we are afraid that Clifford's abstraction oauld not be altogether put down to this score, although he was, according to Mr. Cartwright, a young man of excellent principles, meaning thereby that he Bhared Mr. Curt wright's opinions on certain important points. If the truth must be told, his imagination bad Dot carried him to the manger at Bethlehem, and the magnifi cent song of Isaiah tell unheeded on his ears. Admirably as the Church Service iB adapted to lift our thoughts above the cares of earth, we most all confess tbat it is quite powerless to lift us at all unless we help it by dropping the said cares at the church door, and sometimes cares obstin ately refuse to be dropped. How could Clifford turn his mind from debts and difficulties, insults and calumny, ill health, overwork, and self-reproach to the vision of angels singing their triumphant hymns of glory to Cod and peace on earth. Feace to Fyke and to his victims! If he had listened it must have sounded as a mockery, but as it happened he bad not heard a word. Mr. Cartwright was touched by Clif ford's choice of a voluntary ' Oh, rest in the Lord ! ' and thought to himself how admirably it suited the young man's particular caBe, and with what admirable pathos and power he played it ; whilst Clifford himself, his thoughts still with Mr. Fyke and the quarter's bills, had chosen it because the book happened to open atit, and could not have stated upon oath that he|not had been playing ' Polly, put the kettle on.' But at length & small boy dropped his prayer-book in the body of the church with such a startling noise that I half the congregation turned to look at the culprit, and I even Clifford roueed himself from his abstraction. The next moment a burning flush spread itself over his pale j face and tben died away, leaving him paler than before. This sudden change of complexion attracted the notice of the choir, and Miss Adelaide Tighe, moved to a momentary compassion, felt in her pocket for a gaudy gilt scent bottle, full of some abomination of musk or millefleurs, which she forthwith tendered to htm, but he rejected it so ungraciously and ungratefully that pity died within ber breast, and she mentally added one more item to the long eoore against him. He threw himself back in his chair and fixed his eyes on the chancel roof, trying to shut out from his inner vision the graceful lines of a simple gray dress and a charming face, half arch, half earnest, with clear hazel eyeB and sweet crimson lips, wbich in earlier days he hud often kissed before he grew afraid to venture ; and she, after one quick glance in his direction, tumed calmlv towards Mr. Cartwright and listened to the rest of* his ser mon with a closeness of attention which must have been gratifying to any human soul. And when it was [all over and the last member of the congregation had disappeared, Clifford, obliged at last to close the organ, contrived to lose a few more minutes in arranging his music and exasperating the old bellringer and church factotum, who wanted to go home to his Christmas dinner. Even Mr. Cartwright was gone, and our hero drew a long brrath of mingled relief and regret as he turned down the street by the side of the cburcb, where the wind had carried away his hat the night before. The sun was shining brightly enougb now, and the wind had sunk to a gentle breeze, and there in front of him, sauntering slowly along as though waiting for somebody, were the very people whom he had been doing his utmoBt to avoid. He hurried on and would have passed them with a bow of great dignity, but the young lady stopped him. ' Won't you speak to us, George?' she said, with an odd little smile ana a slight blush. ' Do you know that I brought Uncle George to the 'F.ngli»-i church on purpose to see yon, and that we have been dawdling all this time to catch you as you came out He is very ungrateful, is he not, Uncle George f' ' My uncle expressed his opinion of me so plainly some time ago, Beatrice, that it is Scarcely necessary to appeal to him again,' answered George, gloomily, and not daring either to look into her face or take her hand. ' It ia veiy good of you to ehow any interest in me, and I must confess it is quite an unexpected pleasure to me. However, you must not let me detain yon.' ' Your Christmas devotions do not seem to have done you much good or pnt von into a very amiable temper,' remarked Miss Gordon with an expressive movement of her upper lip and a little ecornfnl gleam in her bright eyes. *' Pray do not let me detain you,' mimicking his tone. ** 1 beg your pardon, my dear,' interrupted Mr. Marsden. ' I have something to say to George.'- And in a cold, severe tone he went on : '1 wish to speak to you, Bir, about Your sister. Have you yet discovered that your boast of I-eing able to maintain her was an absurdity, and are yon prepared at length to restore her to the care of more compe tent protectors?' An angry flush rose to George's face. ' lam supporting my sister, sir, to the best of my power. I do not see what right you have to taunt me if I have failed to give Mary as many comforts as I should have wished.' Mr. Marsden did not answer for a moment, but his pene trating Sootch eyes were fixed on his nephew, taking in every detail; shabby clothes, that no amount of brushing oould make presentable ; lines in a young face that told of want of sleep andof wearing anxieties; the sickly pallor caused by bad food and overwork, and the clondy look of the eyes, suggesting perpetual headaches. ' And yet what a gentleman the poor boy looks through it all,' thought Mr. Marsden to himself, and his tone involuntarily softened. 'I am not taunting yon at all, George; you have undertaken a task which is beyond your strength, and 1 hoped yon wonld have discovered it by this time. Will you not lsara a little sense before you have killed year sister f' ' What do you know of her?' aaid .Clifford, almost fiercely; 'and why do you talk of killing her? She might have been dead and buried for all that you would know or care.'' ' ' Excuse me. For her sake I have taken the liberty of following your movements from the.rime when you thonght fit to renounce the ties between us, and since yon settled here Mrs. Cartwright, who is an old friend of mine, has kept me well informed of the state of Mary's health. Her accounts lately have alarmed me*, and it was chiefly in the hope of making an appeal to yonr better judgment and your brotherly feeling that I came here. 1 trust that pride has not made you bo utterly selfish that you will persist in sacrificing your sister to it. I have two proposals to make to you. One is that you will persuade Mary to come home, where she will find the comforts an i tranquillity which are absolutely necessary in her state of health, ana where yon can see her whenever you think fit to do so. The other proposal is, tbat you will draw a certain quarterly allow ance for her benefit, so that at least she may not suffer the misery of physical privatum. Consult your triend, Dr. Carew, if yju choose ; £ thiuk you will find that he endorses Mrs. Cartwright'a opinion that Mary is in a very critical condition. I shall expect your answer at Petti grew's within the next three days. Beatrice, my dear, we must hurrry bick to the hotel ; bid George good-bye and let us go on.' ' Good-bye, George,' she said, holding out her hand with a little beseeching air, which went to his heart. He clasped the hand so tight tbat she almost winced with the pain. ' Gooi-bye, Beatrice; God bless yon,*' he said, and turned abruptly away. For some minutes Miss Beatrice was very silent. ' What are you thinking of, Trixie?'' asked hernncle. 'Of you,' she answered. 'How you have tricked us all. Barry and I thought we were so clcver in hatching our little plot to bring you to Quirribri and face to face with George, and you most have been laughing in yoar sleeve at us alt the time.' ' My dear child, I do not feel much inclined to laugh at any part of the affair,' answered Mr. Marsden, and Beatrice, looking up in his face, gave a little sigh, and was silent once more. That afternoon, Mrs. Cartwright drove round to take Maty to epeiid a few hours with her, but Mary could not stir. Tbe last development of her complaint was a weak ? ness of the spine, and this had increased so rapidly that she was obliged to coufess to her friend that 6he could now scarcely move from one room to another without bringing on *pasms of pain which it was almost impossible to endure. '?But do not tell George, Mrs. Cartwright,'' [added poor Mary. '' He thinks I am growing stronger, and even Dr. Carew tries to persuade me that it is so, thoueh I can see in his face ihat be knows better. It wiil be a mercy for 3eorge ai.,d for n-e when it is all over.' And George overheard her words, and with angry des pair in bis heart he went to Dr. Cirew. ' Tell me the truth about Mary,' he said. ' How long can she live in this fort of way ? She cannot move now, it seems, without feeling as though knives were beiog plunged into her. She says that you know that she is dying, though you pre tend to ignore it. Speak, Care v, for God's sake, and tell me tbe truth.' Carew turned very pale. ' I— I— am sorry tbat your sister is worse ; she has not told me so. It is impossible to say what turns a nervouScComplaiot may take. 1 hare seen people apparently at the last stage one week, and walk ing about in perfect health the next.' ' But do these complaints ever kill ?' ' Well, yeB, Clifford, they do. When there is no desire to live, great distress of mind, and any physical or men'al strain, they sometimes end ia real disease of the organs affected — in consumption, decliue, paralysis, or what-not. But these are extreme cases. I will go with you at once to your sister. After seeing her, I shall be better able to give you an opinion. 1 hoped that she was feeling more cheerful.' 'Thanks, Carew; but if you do not mind I will stay here till you come back, and don't let Mary know that I suspect anything.' The doctor was not long in starting, nor was he really long away, though it seemed hours to ipoor Clifford. Sup pose some real diseiBe hid developed .tself in Mary, and that -she were dying as she supposed; then hiB uncle would be right, and his Belfish pride would have killed her. If only it were not too late now to send ber away. It had hurt him in the morning to. feel that what he had almost resolved upon as an act of magnanimity was forced upon him from without, but now all this was forgotten in one agonised praj er for Mary's life. Dr. Carew came back, still looking pale and serious, but more composed than when he went away. ' Well ?' asked George, impatiently. 'She is very ill, but wiih the care and society of kind friends, and with freedom from anxiety and trouble, she will, please God, recover. Clifford, you most make up your mind at once to send her home.' 'I made up my mind long ago,' said the other, so irritably that his friend looked at him in surprise. ' I had the pleasure of an interview with my uncle this morn ing, who kindly proposed to take Mary away with him Of course she must go at once, and Carew, you must help me to persuade her.1' ' All right, old fellow, we will go and do it now, if you like. But stay, what is this ? ? ' as a boy on horseback daBhed up to the doctor's door and knocked at it with a vigour that resounded through the house. ' That's Pyke's boy. I know his knock, closely copied from his master's. Stay a minute, Clifford ; 1 must see what it is.' 