THE DAY'S NEWS. The attitado of Russia in" Central Asia, and the recent outrage by tho Russians, who flogged a British Consul's olerk because ho would not divulge th« names of English agents on tho Bussian frontier, havo evidently aroused ' an uneasy feeling in England. Mr W. E. Smith, the Secretary of Stato for lyar, in moving tho supplementary estimates for liis'dcpartment, has announced that war preparations aro being continued, and will be until some final settlement with Busaia is arrived at. It is also stated that Lord Wolseloy has arrived in England from Egypt. lVe give elsewhere the first instalment! an interesting statement by Mr G. D. Carter, Mayor of Melbourne, on tho licensing question, in which that gentleman expresses his opinions with bis accustomed force and pungency. The concluding portion of the statement will bo pub lished in to- morrow's issue. Mr Carter has been away at QaeenscliSe for soma time, or wo would have interviewed him earlier. Supposing that tho New Zealand telegrams correctly reflect Now Zealand feeling, Sir Julius Yogel must be a proud and a happy man. Be claims LCOOO for his services in connection with the conversion of New Zealand stock at a timo when he was A"ent- Gcneral. It is thought that he will leave" the colony if ho gets the money, and " therefore " there is a disposition to grant it to him. Tho 'therefore " conveys a compliment which even tho dullest intelligence must heartily appre ciate. Tiie colony which is ready to give ono of its leading men LCOOO to go away must indeed set a high value upon his services. It is true that we havo had men in loading positions hero who turned out very bad bargains, but we did not know it at tho timet and we never hit upon the happy plan 0f paying them to absent themselves. Live and leant! We may yet find it cheaper to pay some legislators to cmigrato dining their life time than to vote money to their families after their death. Notwithstanding tho expenditure of several thousand pounds in nltoratious and fittings at the public ofiiccs for the accommodation of the Defence department, it ia stated that, after all, the bead-quarters are to be removed to tho Vic toria Barracks, from which they should novcr \- v- bccn transferred. The proposed removal will inC"1' -C :mothcr lare «P=i«liture. The question whole of the members of tho pormeRt »ro .to bo removed to QneensclitEe, ivlniX? maJ.0r''7 are now located, has not yet been finally J." termined, but the mon in tho barracks havo rd- I ccived a hint that thoy will shortly be called I jPOU to prepare to th) fcmwferred. : 1 Aii election in connection with the School Board of Advico will take place at Richmond on Monday next. Thore are four vaoanoios, and ROTcii candidates hare been nouiiunlod, yU., P. A. Mauderillo and A. Ashcr, two of tho re tiring members, and Messrs. Jos. Trcobji Thomas J. Sincoe, Chas. Boylo, James U. Clarke, Ernest A. Ottoman. It is very important that in considering que tionsof irrigatioutbu public should keep ill mind that whatever reparian rights may liavo grown iij> oubvhalf of Yivtorian owuers on tho bfUlk of tlio Murray, tho water of the stream hj- longs to New South Wales, and that, witho.it the permission of that colony, Victoria has no authority to di\crt it. Tho question was exhaustively discussed by tho Commission appointed to dclurmino to which colo.iy rental Island belonged, the proceedings of which have been' overlooked, and it was definitely determined by it tint the bed of tho stream constituted a portion of New South Wales. The possesion of the bed will, wo tako it, constitute a right to prevent the diversion of tho wator, aud Vic-' lorian colouists, who objected a short time sinco to the waters of tho Snowy River being diverted by New South Wales, must learn to approach tho more important question judiciously. Dr. Brownlcss is a candidate for tho office of Health Officer to tho City of Molbourno, vacant by the resignation ot Mr Girdlcstone. Dr. Brownless's great experience of cholera, small pox, mid other contagious diseases, gained when ho was physician to two of the largest public charities iu Loudon, emiucutly fits litm for the office of Health Officer of the City of Mel bourne. 'rhc! Railway Commissioners have ordered au inquiry iuto tho circumstauces of tho late averted collision near East Richmond station, ou the Hawthorn line, whereby un up train was allowed to leave Burnley street station . wliilo another up train was standing blocked ; at tho former station. The particulars ap- j pcared in Thk Hhiiald of Friday last. Tho Board of Management of tho Scot3 i Church, as wc uioutioned iu our issue of ycstcr- 'day, held a meeting last night to consider the : position of the congregation with regard to tho : refusal of tho Presbytery to allow tho'pooplo to ; select a pastor or to permit tho Rev G. Do Is to ' 1111 tho pulpit of tho church during August. Tho , cluiir was occupied by Mr Alexander Dick, and amongst those present wcro Messrs A. FUken, W. Strnclian, Gavan Brown, J. C. Curric, Dr M'Crca, Thomas RnssoUj Ocorgo Ornioml, W. Lamb Smith, U. H. M'Nicoll, D. Muuro,;A. O, Macilouald, and Cliarlos Hudson. After dii cussing tho position of affairs for considerably over an hour, it was agreed that a meeting of ; the congregation should bo convened at an i early date, in order that a expression of opinion by the people might be given. As, tho Presbytery decided to prevent tho congregation meeting constitutionally, this meeting decided upon will — at least in Presbytorial view— bo illegal and unofficial. The construction ot the Brunswick street and North Fitzroy lino of tramway was commenced this forenoon at n point near tho intersection of Holdcn aud St. George's Road, North Fitzroy. Tho following are tho readings by Gaunt's , instruments:— Barometer, 30.450, falling. Heat in sun to-day, at 12 roon, 81. Tho high est rending of Gnnnt's thermometer in tho shade, Bourko street, yesterday, was 76, and tho lowest from 9 o.m. yesterday to 9 a.m. to- day, 28\. Tho highest) reading in the sun yesterday was 90. A rather singular incident occurred recently at the Flinders street station. It appears that ono of the signalmen who were coming on duty about 5 o'clock on the morning in ques tion! noticed a very dim light in the cellar of the box where tho interlocking apparatus is connected with the cranks and wires, etc. He declined to go closer than fifty yards to tho box and wont and reported tho matter to several of tho employes who were coming on duty .at the time, stating that his box was full of ghosts. -Constable Flannery and another policeman were instantly sent for, and to tho entire consterna tion of those present, the ghosts turned out to be half-a-dozen street arabs who had found their ;\vay into the cellar dnring the night, and were congregated around a piece of burning candlo, 'indulging in a smoke oi tho noxious weed, ot 'course/ When thoy were cxpcllci tho place the signalman commenced duty. ' ' The following accident cases were admitted into tho Alfred Hospital yesterday afternoon : .—Alfred Daley, age nine years, living with his parents at Raglan street, South Melbourne, who sustained a fractured leg through falling on a stump; and William Roberts, age Go, a gardener in the euqiloyment of Mr Watson, St Kildu, with injuries of the hips, caused by falling off a ladder. The Rev. Mr Burke, who has been for two years and a half assistant minister at St. John's, Latrobc street, was presented, at a meeting of the congregation last night, with an address and a purse of sovereigns, sabscrihediby the congre gation. The meeting partook of a social kind, the ladies of tho congregation providing the refreshments. The choir of tho church pro vided tho music for the evening. "Faith healing" is being tried by.eovcral adherents of the Presbyterian Church in South Melbourne, of wbich tbo Rev J. Bell is the pastor. A body of tbem have decided in case3 of sickness to "throw physic to tlio dogs," and will not call in a doctor, but instead, one of the "inncribrotkerhood" pours oil on tho sufferer, and offers up prayer for his recovery. Several wonderful cases aro reported. The " faith healers " are acting on the authority of James, who, in 13th to 15th verses of 5th chapter of his Epistle, says, " Is any among you suffering ? Let him pray. Is any cheerful ? Let him sing praise. Is any among yon sick ? Let him call for the ciders of tho church, and let thorn pray ovor him, anointing him with oil iu the name of tho Lord, and the prayer of faith shall save him that is sick ; and the Lord shall raise him up.V The brick building on the Eastern HJ&, so long known as " St. Peter's Schools," is now numbered with tho things of the past, tho lost portion of the materials of which it was composed having been removed this fore noon. The necessity for the establishment of a local lockup at Burwood again came under the notice of tho Hawthorn Bench this morning, when threo roughs wcro charged on summons with insnltlng behavior, tho facts of which would have justified the local constablo in locking them up. Tho peoco of the neighborhood was disturbed by them until fully two o'clock in the morning, and tho neerest lock-up being at Hawthorn, tho con stable had no alternative bnt to allow them to take their course. When the Nisi Prius courts, which can be heated, aro unoccupiod, it would materially add to the comfort of everyone haviug business at the Equity Court if his Honor Mr Justice Molcsworth would sit in one of them, instead of sticking to the chilly Equity Court. Perhaps his Honor dreads tho long journey from his chambers to the Nisi Prius courts, but one would think that he would gladly make it to avoid sitting for four hours iu a chilly atmos phere, which cannot bo beneficial to bis health. Colds are numerous uuder tho present state of things, and by the time the wanning pipes are fittcxl up it is to bo feared that much damage will bo done to the healths of those who arc comiKiIlcd to remain all day In the Equity Court. The dullness which now prevails at tho Supreme Court, owing to tho absence of the majority of the judges of the higher courts, was relieved to a certain degree this morning by the largo number of justices of tho peaco who eauie in order to be sworn in. Nearly every one of tho honorary magistrates had something to say as to the fee of £1, required to bo paid by eacii ono under the Act. Some seemed to think that the honor was dear at the price. About forty Justices of tho Peaco were worn in before Mr Justice Holroyd In Cham bers this morning. As each commission had to be examined by his Honor, and two oaths to bo administered to each gentleman, tho operation of swearing in which was done by Mr Skclton, tho associate occupied a considerable timo. His Honor pointed oat that tho documents produced by tho justices from the Crown Law department as his authority for the swearing in did not con- taiu the name of the magistrate, nor of tho baiiiwick, which omissions were liable to create inconvenience. . Mr Justice Moleswortli intimated, in tfio -rnty Court this mornlnffl that ho would, on Thursday J10 eiv0 decision in tho suit vt StaatoiT .I", '1'5, An information sworn against Jame.i M'Georgt', tailor, formurly carrying on Im-sinuss in FHmlers street, caiuuoii for hearing before bis Honor Judge Noel in tlio Cou.t of Insol vency thist morning the summons ini tho case, however, being allowed to lapao upon tho appli cation ot Mr Phillips, who appeared for tho creditorl it whose instanoo it had boon issued. Mr Phillips said that whnn the trustco was elected in the estate ho had boon olectod by the votes of the insolvent's wifo and mothcr-iu-law, and then the creditors wore allowed to HIJiko twft of tho trustee's namo in the examination. The trusteo gave permission to tho insolvent to leave tho colony without communicating with tlio creditor who was conducting inquiries into tho affairs of tho insolvent. Thcso inquiries wore manifestly in tended to show a breach of the Htatuts com mitted by the insolvent, whatever conclusion might have boon a. rived at by a judge. After this the trustee gavo leave to tho insolvont to leave the colony. He (Mr Phillips) might havo felt justified iu advising tho creditors to issue a warrant, hut did not do so, na'the trustee had granted leave to tho insolvont to go. The trustee, however, had been appointed by I lie insolvent's own family. Uo thought tas well that the court should learn why tho criniiual prosecution iu reality was aban doned, becauso the creditors h:ul bcon obliged tojilo so,owiugjio tho action of tho truatec.Thoy could not serve a summons outsido the juris diction, hut tlio only conrse was for n warrant for arrest to issue. His Honor allowed the summons to lapse, as it had not been sorvod ou the insolvent. It was mentioned that tho information would still lio iu tlio office, and a fresh summons could be issued if accessary. Iu thoCouuty Court this morning, before his Houor Judge Nolan, a moitoy-londor named Michael Crawcour, of Williamstown, sued ono John Bulloy, marinor, of Bath Plnco, William- town, to recover £20, principal aud interest owfngona promissory note for £13, tnado by him on thoflst of August, 1882, and due on No vember of the same year. Tho defendant stated that ho received £10 ou nocouut of tho promis sory note, but had mado no agreement ns to tho rate of interest. Ho oxpeoted to pay iu- ' tcrcst at tho rato of 8 per eont., but hid not agreed to tliai effect. Ho had only thought so. Ho could not remember whothcr or not ho had ovor had ' transactions previously with tho plaintiff. He objected to pay £20 for borrowing £10. Tho. defendant's solicitor said that interest at tlio ' rate of 120 per cent, was demanded, whereas the ordinary .rate charged b/. v; , -oy-lcuders was 40 per cent. His Honor / .' V was not inclined j to believe tho defend 'a Ir.touiont that no arrangement had boon d.ido as to the amount of interest, bnt ns the p).»iutiff had dolayol taking proceedings for so long a timo, ho would only give a verdict for £15, with £C 15a costs. In tho case of tho Albion Brigado Hotel, at the City Court not long ago, a raw policouiau could not get auyone to tako the summons; so ho stuck it on tho wall, bnt this was promptly held by Mr. Call to bo of "no service." A souiowhat similar question came before Mr, Fanton in the District Court this morning. Ono of our millionaires has been building a recherche villa on St. Kilda-rond, with mural decorations said to rival those of Mr Jos. Clarko'satToorak, Mr M'Williauia at Laudcox, Brighton, and Mr O'Shannssy's at Tarn, Camberwell. The cx- penso is £8000. An' nrtbit came before Mr Ponton to-day to complain that although the millionaire was good for any amount, he was too careless to square up a little figure remaining. Hence a paltry summons, which tho rich man did not condeaceud to notico at all. Tho decorator's small boy deposed how ho took -Abo summons to tho house, aud delivered it to n fine lady, who said " I know what it' is," but positively refused to give her name, iu response to all the small boy's entreaties. "Well," said Mr Pan ton, 'I cannot hold that this is au adequate service on tho gentleman. Perhaps he never saw the summons. Perhaps it was torn up." So the case was adjourned till Friday. A question of the marringo law aro3o inci dentally at the District Court to-day. A dress maker sued a well-known Melbourne theatrical manager for his wife's millinery bill. By tho way, the incidents wcro not wholly unlike itho motive' of the 2comedtetta, "My Wife's Milliner," vory rcceuily ruuuing in London. The inauager, on this occasion, did not faco Mr Pauton, P.M., bnt that gentlcmau nevertheless explored tho bill with a scrntinisng eye. " I sec this ia addressed to Mrs So and So, and you snu u<». husband." "Wo understood the husband must pay," was tho demure reply. Mr Pan ten gently disillusioned the milliucr on this poiut, ns na absolute certainty, in regard to fichus aud foulards, guipure, tulle, groso-gratn, and ruchiug. "Docs Mr know of it 9" was tho stern iuquiry. Whispering ensued with a- Milliner No. 2, and then tho answer "Oh yes, he said he' supposed bo would have to pay." Thereupon Mr Panton adjudicated that he had to pay. Next the mil liners went against a well-to-do Paterfamilias for his daughter's little bill. Mr Padtou : " Does the father know of it?" "Yes." Mr Panton awarded the verdict. From theso two cases it appears that Mr Panton holds -that a wife or a daughter cannot pledge tho credit of tbo husband or father for millinery, &c.; Our readers will easily recall the affair of Miss Florence Waddilove, the unfortuuato barmaid who died, somo time since. Her sister, young. Mrs Webb, appeared iu tho .District Court to-day for maintenance, against her husband There was some unpleasant recrimination. Webb said he had smarted formarryiug a pretty face. However, ho would take his wifo home, and treat her properly. The wifo refused to go. Mr Panton thereupon refused to do anything for her. Unless somo tangible proof is given of cruelty the courts will not allow that the whim of a wife is an adequate cause for separation- But ou tho other hand, what confldenco can a'woman have in a man who acts under magisterial compulsion ? At the Collingwood Court to-day, Messrs Henry Walker and Joel Eade, Js.P., took their seats tipon'the Bench, they having beon ap pointed to the commission of the peaco pre vious to the year 1874. .Somo other gentle men, whose names arc upon the new roll, were incite vicinity of the court, but not having been sworn in, they did not tako their seats The fee of £1 is not at all relished, somo of the magistrates saying, " It i8 like buying our commissions." At the Collingwocd Court to-day tho busi ness was disposed of in fifteen minutes. John Davis pleaded guilty to a chargo of having em bezzled several small sums of monoy amounting in tho aggregate to L6. As tho prisoner elected to be dealt with summarily the charge was altered to one of larceny "as a servaut, aud tho accused was sentenced to threo months' im prisonment. Last evening Plain-clothes Sergeant Lovie arrested in Fitzroy n woman named Jessie Wilson, upon a charge of breaking iuto the residence of Mr Thomas Buraey, M'Kcm street, Clifton Hill, and stealing therefrom articles of jewellery, valued at £52. This fore noon the prisoner was bronght before the Mayor of Fitzroy, and remanded to the Fitzroy Court on Monday next. At the Coburg Court this morning a farmer named Allan Strange was proceeded agaiuot by Sergeant Bass, the Inspector of Nuisances, for depositing nightsoil on his farm, and not covering the sarno so as not to be a nuisance Tho inspector stated he found pits on defen dant's farm 23 to 21 yards long by three yards wide, in which tho soil was placed, and left uncovered. Defoudant pleaded guilty to the charge, but in extenuation of the offence stated it was an impossibility for him to efficiently cover the pits, owing to the over charged state of the ground through the heavy rain. Four times he had tried to cover it, but could not. A fine of 20s was inflicted. Fortunately for tho litigants at the Coburg Police Court this morning thoy were saved from a further adjournment of the court by tho timely arrival of Mr J. W. Fleming7"J.P., o" Brunswick, and Mr S. Lyons, who after settling his client's case out of court, took his scat on the Bench. At the timo ot opening tbo court, tho President of tho shire, Mr J. T. Vincent, was tho only justice present, owing, it is presumed, to tho other justices not having been ro-sworn, Carters in the habit of from public roads will do well to tako vfAtniu'J from the fate that befel Charles Kuplch at tho Coburg i Court this morning, who was proceeded against for this offence on tho 29th ulfimo. Constablo leberlQ caught dqfouflaat Uv tho Hcudaut raid he did'nt know ho was ilolng wrong, ifo saw others taking tho noil, and thought ho might, llo replaced what ho had takon on Kdng spoken to by tho constable. Ho was a poor man, aud had a wifo and novon children and hoped tho Bench would deal leniently with him. This rather puzzled tho presiding Justice owing to tho fact that a reward or£3| in offered by tho Municipal Coun cil for the detection of offenders. Consequently defendant was ordered to pay this, amount. Ho raid he had only 8s upon him, and was allowed ono month to pay the nmount. Nineteen quartz and seven alluvial mined have (writes the "Banking Record") distributed profits for the mouth amounting to L57,-l(10, a much larger sum than last mouth. Tlio largest contributors to this total aro : — The Madame Berry, L10, 800 ; Lone Hand, LfiOOO ; and West Risturi, L30DO ; all alluvial mines ; whito the United Devonshire, Li) 100; Ling Tunnel, 13000 ; Hercules and Energetic, LO.'IOO ; Band and Albiott, L2811 ; and New Ohiun and Vic toria, L2187, contriimled tlio largost dividends from quartz. The " Insurance Record" understands tint the directors of tho Scottish Provident Life Office are making investments lu tho colony of Victoria under tho management of Sir James : M'Cuilocli and Mr A. B. Mallcson (of Mosses Malleson, England and Stewart). Tho decro iso iu the average rate of interest realised in tho United Kingdom is, wc believe, impelling other institutions to seek employment for their funds in this part of tho world. It appears, says tho " Banking Record," that, for tho six mouths ended 30th June, the rccoipts of gold nt the Melbourne branch of tho Royal Mint wore -112,281.60 ozs., being 47, 689,86 oza. lees than for tho oorrfispnuiiiugpe-loi of 1881.. The value of gold coifi and bullion issued during the six mouths is LI, 651, 769, a similar com parison showing a dccrcaso of L196,130. Tho totul value of exports of gold to destinations Iwyond Aust ralusin for tlio samo period is Ll,5(i7,tl9, against L755,179 for the correspond ing mx months of 1884, tho incrcaso being L81 1,940. Gold specio shipped to the adjacent colonics amounted to L515,OU0, against L476,000, Li connection' with tho Natioual Bunk of- Ncw( Zenluud, Limited, tlio "Banking Record" writes According to London cablegrams dated 7th and 8th iust., tho bank willdoclure no dividend this year, but will cirry forward a ; lialaucoof £8000. The probablo Iospo of tlio bank arccstlmntcd at £18,000. This announce ment hardly surprises us, ns tho possibility, of exceptional losses was foreshadowed in the chairman's speech at the last annual meeting, held on 29th July, 11664. Mr E. B. Honro said:— "thore are, as over/one ncquaiutcd with business must bo awaro, other accounts which arc not bad, but which givo our. manager aud tlio board of directors nnxioty. Against thoso wc make a provision. It Is not dc.-dmble£to put it into the publicly- advertised reserve fund, for it may bo wanted ; in fact it is not uulikcly tlrnt it will bo wanted ; but wo are obliged, as every prudeut banker is, to keep iu his left-hand pocket something for contin- genclca.'And again:-—1 "There havo been one or two branches whore tho luanagomout has not given satisfaction. Wo havo done tho boit we could, according to our judgment, to rectify that. Whether wo have succeeded in rectifying that time only will Ahow, but wc have done our best." Tho last published accounts .of the bank showed strength in somo important re spects, and tho uncalled capital is very large compared with the liabilities to tho public. The directors, in winding up tho matters re ferred to in tho quotations, wo have mado, have evidently had to draw upou tho ordiuary profits to meet tho oxcoptionul losses. Fiom the official report of tho United States Bureau of Statistics (cited in tho " Tiwoa " cor respondence of 28th May), it is shown that the vwuoumjruuu ui UlRtlltVll ItlJUUTB UU3 risen in the eight years 1876 to J 883, inclusivo, from 59 millions of gallons to 78 millions ; malt liquors from 308 millions to 501 millions; and aines from 20 intllious to 26 millions. Tlio. averages during these yoars show that white tho population has increased 12 per cent, the consumption of spirits has iucrcascd muro than 27 per. cent, of malt liquors raoro than 61 por, cent, and of wines 12 per cent. We havo receive from the publishers, Messrs William Inglis and Co., " Oucc a Month" for July. Messrs Howard Smith nnd Son's steamer Bal- mmniH to leavo tho Qnecu's Wharf for Circular i'i'ioc/t'fiik Us fe'e-- viouBly announced. Mr R. Mnuiiold Taylor, N agent for tho Pliamix Flro Insurnnoo Company, notifies that he has removed his offices from 17 Queen street, to 9 Market Buildings, William street. Wo have been requested to call attention to an advertisement which appears in another column calling a public meeting with reference to raising fuuds by a bazaar or otherwise for the purpose of providing additional accom- . modatiou at the Women's Hospital, Carlton. The meeting will be held iu the Town Hall at I o'clock tlus afternoon. A public demonstration in favor of the new Licensing Bill and extended Local Option is called by advertisement in our columns for this cveuingjiu the Temperance Hall, Russell street. Tho chair will be occupied by Mr H. Crispin, and addresses will bo delivered by tho Revs. G. D. Buchanan, M.A., J. Jenkins, Messrs John Vale, J. W. Coombs, nnd other gentloiuen. 