Melbourne. March 19. Owing to unavoidable delays, the Railway Commissioners liud it impossble to invite tenders for the extension of tbe railway liue from Dimboola to the South Australian border before May next. When the contract is let the work will be proceeded with as rapidly as possible, and it is confidently expected that the Victorian section of the liue will be ready by tbe time the South Australian liue to the border is completed. The Executive Council to-day com muted tue sentence of death passed ou John Huut for the murder of a youug mail named Reddeu, at Geelong, to fifteen years' hard labor. The Elsternwick Park Cup, run for ou Tuesday, resulted thus Alphabet, 7st 71b, 1 Marie Louise, Gst 91b, 2 ; the Bohemiau, 7st 91b, 3. Grace Darling, The Ghost, Ironmaster, Amelia Victoria, Meteor, Lavington, Salvo, Gohauna, aud Yellow Hammer also started. Alpha bet made a fine rush in the run home, aud passing Marie Louise, won by a length, Bohemian beiug third a couple of lengths away. Meteor fourth, Gohauna fifth. Time, 2inin. Osec. A conference relative to Defence mat ters affecting the whole colonies was held at the office of the Premier this after noon. Admiral Tryon, and Messrs Gillies, Sargood, and J. R. Dicksou, (Queensland), were present. A loug dis cussion took place ou the . general defence of the Australian coast, but no informa tion is forthcoming as to the proposals or suggestions made. Mr. Service states that the proceedings were of a prelimi nary character and not definite. A pro posal was submitted by Admiral Tryon with a view of securing joiut action be tween Australian ships of war and those of the Imperial Government. The Governor yesterday forwarded the Premier the followiug despatch received from Lord Derby last mail ' I have the honor to acknowledge rrceipt of your despatch of 24th December, enclosing a memorandum by Mr. Service respecting the annexation of part of the uortheru coast of New Guinea by Germany. I would observe with reference to this memorandum that Her Majesty's Go vernment have at all stages of this ques tion giveu their fullest consideration to the wishes of the Australian colonies with regard to New Guinea aud the Islands of the Western Pacilic, but they have also had to cousider the iutention's : and reasonable wishes of other powers having large interests iu that part of the world, aud there is no ground 011 which it is possible to base an objection to the occupation by Germany of places which lie at considerable distances from any British colouies and in which there have been aud are 110 British settlers. As tbe result of Ihe conference relative to the defences of the colony which took place at Government House ou Tuesday last, the Minister of Defence telegraphed I to-day to London to order for the supply of 14-inch Whitehead torpedos as speedily as possible. It was agreed at the con ference that the torpedo brauch of tbe de fence force be considerably strengthened. March 20. Messrs. Kellet and Co.'s wholesale gro cery, William-street, was burnt down lasi night. The building was gutted in an hour and a-iialf. '1 lie roof of Menzies Hotel ad joining, also caught lire, hut was soon extinguished. The damage is esti mated at £12,000, aud is covered by in surance. 