To Orangemen. I dare say you Orangemen mean well. I've seen many of you who are fairly decent fellows. But you go a leetle too far. You pretend that your whole organisation is bent upon promoting Protes- tantism as against everything else. In that you strain the position. You are narrow—not broad. You don't fight the rest of the world. You fight a sect—a sect you hate. It is a Border feud and a Border feud only. Orange- men, as only Orangemen, don't fight Buddhism, Brahminism, Mahommedanism, Hebraism, the creed of Confucius, and all Heathenism. They may fight these creeds, but only in common with those who are not Orangeman. Don't deceive yourselves. Your whole organization is only pitted against Some.. It is not Christianity against Paganism. It is a part of Christianity against another part of Christianity. It is brother against brother- It is a family quarrel. Bah! then. Why talk so big, you who snarl at your brother in a different part of the same kennel? I do not take one side nor the other. The Papist extremists are just as bad. Every atom as bad. I am an outsider to your quarrels altogether. I hope I am a Christian, but certainly no Christian of your sort. I could not call myself a Christian if I raised the sword of hate against a brother Christian—against a brother man worshipping the same God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Ghost, and differing with me only as to whether something is a real Body or only a Symbol, and other such minor points. It is only bad brothers quarrel. Lie down, both of. you. * * * But 1 wanted particularly to speak about the recent Orange celebration in Brisbane. I read with amuse- ment the Courier's report of the meeting in the Pro- testant Hall, on Monday night, and I want my readers to share my amusement. Bro. J. Dorsett, D.G.M., was in the chair. I see from the Courier that he made a "pithy" and " pointed " speech. And then:— In the outset he advocated the repeal of the Party Processions Act, and of the statute proclaiming the 17th of March (St. Patrick's Day) a holiday. He contended that, if the latter statute were allowed to remain, then the 12th of July should also be proclaimed a holiday." Without expressing any opinion about the Party, Processions Act, let me turn to Bro; Dorsett's notion about the two days, Mar. 17 and July 12. Are they at all analagous ? The 17th March is observed as St. Patrick's Day. St. Patrick is the patron saint of a country—a nation. He is the patron saint of Ireland, even as St. George is of England and St. Andrew of Scotland. April 23rd is St. George's Day and Nov. 30th St. Andrew's Day. If you look in any almanack, you will find that these three days are equally " Bank holi- days." Now what is July, 12th? Does it represent a nation? No. Does it even represent a sect?' No. A heterogeneous conglomeration of individuals ?. Yes. How, then, does Bro. Dorsett establish his claim that July 12th should be regarded as a national festival equivalently with March 17th? Go easy, please, gentlemen Orangemen. Keep your anni- versaries as an Association, but don't claim to be a Nation. At the same meeting:, " Mr. Clarke, a brother from Melbourne, made a few remarks." One of the things he is reported to have said is" What Orangemen wanted was religious liberty, and they wanted EVERY MAN to have the same." The same what ? The same " religious liberty ?" Does that mean that Orangemen want every man to have his own religious liberty ? Or only the religious liberty of Orangemen ?—the religious liberty to hate another sect of Christians ? .. Therein lies the whole question. The Rev. W. Osborne Lilley stated that he would do all he could to propagate Protestantism in the colonies." Very proper; that is his " religious liberty." , : A Roman Catholic-priest would have said he "would do all that he could to propagate Romanism in the colonies." Equally proper; that would be his "religious liberty." Is that the sort of thing Orangemen want? No. Then, don't talk bosh. * * * See here., you quarrellers, Orangemen and Papists. Tear out the hatred born of the past. Do each of you all you like in your own way, but breathe of mutterings against your brethren in Christ. Abolish all irreligiously religious secret societies, say I. 