TALES AND SKETCHES. THE MASTER OF THE MINE. AN ENGLISH ROMANCE. . By ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author op " God and toe Man," " The Shadow op toe Swoud," &c.; Chapter XXX VH. — The Beoinnino op the End. It was the snprcmo moment of my life ; and, standing thcro before my darling, dazed and joyfully bewildered, with her beautiful face turned, radiant with love, on mino, well might I have echoed the ecstatic cry of the lover of lovers — If it were now to die, Twere now to be moat linppy for, i fear, Sly soul hath her content so nbsolnto. That not another comfort like to this Succeeds in unknown fate I But the words which were bliss to mo were gall aud wormwood to the 60ul of Georgo Red ruth. Livid with pain, he looked at her who uttered them ; then, glancing round at the wild groups surrounding us, be said, " You must be mad to speak like that. Trelawney, a word with you. Thero shall ho au end to this ouco and for ever ; como apart, and let us speak together!" He walked a short distanco along tho cliffs I following, with Madeline by my side. When We were out of earshot of any soul there, he turned and faced us, His self control was now remarkable ; a strangor, looking at him, and observing his manner, would novor havo gathered that ho was a prey to the ncutest suffering of mortified pride and passion. "I might have guessed this from the first," ho said, in a low voice. " You, Trelawney, always luitod me — and, God knows, I returned tho compliment I I can seo now why you saved my life. To crush and humiliate iuo before my cousin, over whoso mind you havo obtained somo malign influence." I looked at him, but made no reply. Ho continued, with apparent calmness, addressing Madeline : "lam to understand, then, that our engage ment is at an end ?" " Yes," she answered. "Very woll. You know as well as I what that means to me— ruin, perhaps disgrace j but I am not going to whino over the mevitablo. Trelawney, I congratulate you," ho added, With a enrious smile; "you have won tho gamo." _ Ho turned as if to go, hut Madeline, with an impulsive cry, intorposcd, " George, do not talk like that !" she cried. " There is a chanco yet of retrieving tho past, and if yon will do so, I shall still bo your frioud. It was not fated that I should over be your wife ; only ono woman living has a Tight to that titlo, and to your atonomont. Lot rao go to her I" Let me tell her that you Will make amends I" " I fail to understand you," ho answered, Coldly. " Of whom are you speaking ?" " Of Annie Poudragon, the poor girl whoso heart you have nearly broken I You seo I know everything. Georgo — for my sako" His face darkened, while his lips twitched convulsively. " How kind you nre, how solicitous for my moral welfare 1 It is very good of you, I acknowledge, to offer to provide mo with a holp- lnato, but I must politely decline your kind offices, Auuio Pondragon is nothing to me. I hm a gcntlemnn, I bclicvo ; she is" "Take carol" I cried. "Uttor ono word #gam6t her, at your peril. I do not ask you now to acknowledge her — it is too lato for that; and even if it could bo, I think sho is better as she is, than sho could over bccomo, more closely United to a man like you. Bat sho is sacred, and I forbid you oven to utter her namo." "Yon mistake my meaning," ho returned, still retaining his self-possession. " All I was going to say was that wo nro not equals. I deeply regret what has occurred — I acknowledge my own folly — my own guilt, if yon like it better ; but from this time forth wo aro nothing to each other." "Georgo, Georgo!" cried my darling in despair. < Ilavo you no heart ? "I suppose so; hut blamo yoursolf, if it is somewhat leaden on tho present occasion I ant wotusedto humiliation, yon seo, and though I ABrlgtaa re 1>Jr£#5'al srrongomeaU with tho author, punishment as calmly as possible, I still icol it Coidb5oodedaV06raD'C t"m' '10WM so utterly t,ier (J. justice," I cried, "God will punish you I Youhavo not only wrecked ono life, but yon have destroyed two others. Do you know that my uncle, God help him! con fessed with his last breath that ho had killed your accomplice, the man Johnson? That man s death, as well as John Peudragon's, lies at your door!" ' _ Ho started in surprise, but conquered himself in a moment. "I had my suspicions," ho said; "but I was silent, for his daughter's sako. I fail to see, however, that I am responsible for the mad act of a murderer." "J" are tho murderer, not he," I cried. _ " Nonsense !" he answered ; and still master- ing himself, ho walked away. I turned and looked at Madeline. Sho was gazing after him, with a face pale as death. " Madeline," I said, "do not think lam fallen so Iow ns to prcsnme upon the hasty words yon spoke just now. I know that, when this sorrow ful day is over, you will forget them — you must forgot them, in duty to yourself. It will be happiness enough for me to know that when 1 most needed it, I had your sympathy ; that if I had been other than I am, I might have had your lovo. And now, shall we sny good bye?" I held out my hand to her ; sho gazed at mo as if in wonder. " Then you did not understand ?" sho said, gently. " Or perhaps — you did .understand, and I was mistaken in thinking that you cared forme — so much?" ...... " Care for yon?" I repeated, passionately. "Ever since I can remember, my heart, my whole life, has been yours. It is not that 1 My love, strong as it is, and ever has boon, is not precious enough to purchase yours. Do not think that I am so lost, so selfish, as to think that the distanco between us can be bridged over by yonr heavenly pity. I am a poor man ; you are a rich lady. I know what that means ; I havo known it from tho beginning." As I spoke, my heart was so stirred that I had to turn my faco aside, to hido the gather ing tears. But she crept close to me, and I felt tho soft touch of her hand upon my arm. " I do not blame you for thinking that," she said. " A little whilo ago, I thought so too ; but Hugh, dear — may I call you so ? God has opened my eyes. I think I always loved you ; but never so much as to-day." "Don't speak of itl It can't bo 1 Oh, Madeline, let us say farewell 1" ,. "Hiigh, doar Hugh, listen I You must listen 1 Ah, do not be unkind 1" " Unkind — to you 1" I murmured. " God knows I would dio for you 1" " Had you died down in the mine, I should still have been faithful to you ; I should never have loved another man. May I tell you tho whole truth ? I will, and yon will understand. When I saw yon going to year death— going, in your great goddaess and noble courage, to save yonr enomy's lifo at tho peril of your own — I knew for tho first time that nil my heart was yours. I did not deter you, but I prayed to God for you, and as I prayed, I sworo be fore my God that, if ho restored you to mo I would lay my heart bare to you, and ask you to make mo your wife. God was good ; you catno back, as from tho grave. And now, will you tnrn away from mo ? Will you refuse mo the ono thing remaining that can make lifo sweet and sacred to me— your forgiveness, and your lovo?" _ It was too much. Tho spell of tho old pas sion camo upon mo, as, sobbing and trembling, I took uy darling to my heart. Thus it came to pass that I, Hugh Trelawney, a man of tho pcoplo, became the accepted lover of Madeline Graham. Looking back at it all now, after a lnpso of so many years, it still scorns an incrediblo thing, unreal und visiouary ; but raising my eyes from the paper whereon tlicso lines are written, I sec besido mo tho sweet assurance that it is trao. When I began the story of life, I said that it was also the story of my love. It has lasted so long ; it will hist, God willing, till death, and after death. "Is it not so, my darling?" Sho smiles, and bends over me, to kiss her. answer. Sho watches the pen ns it moves over the paper, and sho waits for the last word, knowing my tale is almost done. Lovo is by naturo selfish, and in the. first flush of my new joy I almost forgot the sorrow in oar poor homo. But when I quitted my darling, and joined tho little procession which followed my poor uncle across tho heath, I re proached myself for baring felt so happy. The miners had procured a rude stretcher, often usod when accidents took placo in the mino, and the dead body was laid npon it, with a cloak thrown lightly over it, to bide tho piteous disfigured face set in its Bad grey hair ; but ono hand hung uncovcrel, and this hand Annio held, as wo walked slowly homoword, four ot tho men carrying the load. I followed, helping my aunt, who was simply heartbroken. They bore him into tho cottage, and womon came to do tho last sad offices. Whilo thoy wore thus occupied, I spoke to Annio, trying to console licr. Whito as marble, and now quito tearless, she seemed like one whoso reason had bereft her, under tho weight of some violent physical blow. But when we went up stairs to gether, aud saw my uncle lying as if asleep, his white hair decently arranged, his faco composed, his thin hands folded on his breast, his wliolo expression ono of mysterious peace, sho knolt besido him nnd kissed his cold brow, and her tears again flowed freely. My nunt stood be side her, weeping aud looking on. " God has taken him," I 6aid, solowuly. " Ho is happy now." " Ay, happy wi God, sobbed my aunt. " Forty yoar wo ha' dwelt together i' this house, nnd he ne'er gave uio angry look or crass word. He bo gawn, where I'll soon gang too. Wait for mo, my bonnio man, wait for mo — wait for her that loves 'ee, and is coming to 'eo soon." Why should I linger over this scene of sorrow, why should I turn to other scoues which fol lowed it? Timo and death have healed all tlioso wounds ; to speak of them, is to open them again. Cn.u'TKit XXXVIH.— Conclusion. A yoar after tho flooding of tho mino'and tho death of John 1'endragon, I married Madeline Graham. Tlio ceremony took placo quietly in London, whither wo had gono together ; and when it was over, we spent a brief honeymoon abroad. One spring morning, as I sat with my bride in an hotel by the lako of Geneva, I read to tlio Times au announcement that filled ray heart with surprise nnd pain. It was an nd- vertisemont of the appronchiug solo by auction of Redruth House, St. Gurlott's, Cornwall. A short time before this the mining com pany had passed into liquidation, und I know tliat George Redruth was a ruined man. Little or no communication had passed between the cousins, but, when the crash camo, Madeline, with my full consent and sympathy, had written to her nunt, offering her a considerable portion of her fortnno for Georgo Redrnth's use and benefit. This offer bad been refused. The next thing we lmd heard was that mother and son were living together in Loudon, nnd closely following on that had como fho news of tho mother's death, an event which filled my darling with no little distress. To tho last Irs. Redruth had refused to forgive her niccc, whom she unjustly held responsible for all the misfortunes which bad fallen tipon her son. I showed my darling tho nowspapcr, and we forthwith determined to journey down to Corn wall. Thus it happened that, about a week later, wo arrived in St. Gurlott's, where wo found Annie and my aunt ready to receive us at tho old cottage. I then ascertained that George Redruth had left Eugland for America, where he intended to remain. Annie,- who was my informant, told me that before leaving tho villago ho had sought her out to say farewell. " And oh, Hugh," she cried, " ho asked for my forgiveness, and I forgavo him with all my heart, I think, if I had wished it, lie would have token mo with him as bis wife." " You did not wish it ?" Sho shook her head sadly, "No, Hugh. After what has happened, it was impossible, and I know it was nioro in dospair and pity, than in love, that he spoke. I scarcely knew him ; no one would know him — ho was like tho ghost of his old self ; so worn, so broken, with the troublo and shame which have come upon him, that my heart bled forhini." "He is justly punished,"- I said sadly. "Annio you did well, lam glad that he is pcnitcut, but never in this world could you two havo como together. Tho reader already knows that, through my darling's goodness, I was a rich man. Now, of ell men living, porehanco, I best knew the capabilities of the St. Gurlott's Mine. Reck less neglect and ignorance had wrecked it, and it was still to some extent at tho mercy of the sea ; but I hod my own theory that more than one fortune was yet to bo discovered there. I spoke to Madeline about it, IVe went into tho matter con amore, and tho result was an offer was made by me for the old claim to the official liquidator of tho compnuy. Things looked despairing, and as my offer was a liberal one, it was accepted. Within another vear a fresh company was formed, with Hugh Tcrlawney, Esq,, as projector, vendor and chief owner ; large sums were expended in the improvements which, if carried out, would long before havo saved the concern ; the sea was gently persuaded to yield up possession, and before long tho old mino was fionrishing prosperously, a source of prosperity to nil con cerned in it, and of blessing to the wholo popu lation. Another fact remains to bo chronicled. Wo bought Redruth House, and it become our home. There iuy aunt and Annie joined us, dwelling happily with us till, in dno season, my nunt die£ Annie lived on, and still lives, a pensive, gracious woman, Toll of one over shadowing memory, and devoted to oar children. The last time she heard of George Redruth he was a well-to-do merchant, living in tho far away West. Thus, through the goodness of God, I re mained in tho old home, ablo to help those who in timo of need had helped mo. St. Gurlott's is now a happy, thriving place ; my de/lr wife is idolised by tho simple people, and I, in tho fullness of my fortunate days, am the Master of the Mino. The Exd. 