NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Cold. How's Gordon? A sensible letter. Pulpit licked by bar. Troublesome Mahdi. We own Miss Dudley. Service returns thanks. J. H. Howe back once more. France insists on recividistes. Seven to four against Clifford. Clifford tackles Hanlan to-day. Nurses going to Hergott Springs. Our Chief Secretary in Melbourne. Lemmon, the flautist, coming back. Sydney beat Melbourne University. East-End Market Company, 10 per cent. Bews, Cowling, Grainger, and Maddern. Laura Jockey Club has a surplus of £50. Not enough votes for the Hospital Board. Conservator Jones on Yorke's Peninsula. An Adelaide forger arrested in Melbourne. Allerdale not quite so certain of success now. Married against single at polo this afternoon. Money wanted to prospect Echunga gold fields. Umbrellas again brought down from the rack. Hanlan will make a big try against Clifford to-day. The "noble art" settles two assistants' quarrels. A little difference between the York and —! Honest Tom has worked on the Echunga gold fields. Mr. Howe to the Government—"I'll see you blowed first." Clements says there are 700 or 800 men out of work here. A bob fine for assaulting a Salvationist at Port Augusta. Victoria encourages gold mining, and why should not we? "The Overland Route" at the Theatre Royal to-night. The pusillanimous policy of Gladstone taking its effect. Norwood v. North Adelaide; Hindmarsh v. South Adelaide, General Scratchley and our G.O.M. inter- viewing Service. President of the Trades and Labor Council again, Clements. Now then, you modern Athenians, start a casualty hospital. Hooray. Port Adelaide has been able to find its policemen! The Melbourne clergy better in their pulpits than at the wickets. Has Lord Wolseley lost his smartness with the gain of his title? Pour of the Australian Eleven will play against Shaw's team. English papers say retreat from Egypt im- possible. Naturally. Watling, the cricketer, has joined the Mel- bourne Cricket Club. Captain Boycott is now one of the most popular men in Mayo. The brokers anxiously awaiting the news of the New Era crushing. England protesting against the German an- nexation of a part of New Guinea. Mr. Bews considers annexation a big ques- tion. Oh, no, Mr. Bews, it's quite a trifle. There were eight policemen in Thomas and Co.'s mill just after,that fire was discovered yesterday. The Government have accepted the decision of the Thow Commission with patience, but without resignation. "General" Booth advertises for a clerk, who, it is stipulated, "must write shorthand, and be fully saved." The wife of the celebrated violinist Joachim has obtained from the German court a decree of divorce against him. At a village in Gloucestershire, lately the banns were published between a bachelor of 79 and a spinster of 80. The English Football Association have passed a resolution legalising professionalism under the most stringent conditions. In England and Italy there are several physicians who hold the view that cholera is merely an aggravated form of ague. There are 285 miles of telegraph and telephone lines? laid underground in Washington City. No trouble is experienced in working them. Purchases of red flannel have greatly in- creased in Paris lately through a notion that cholera is prevented by the use of that material. If that fire in Thomas & Co.'s mill had not been discovered when it was the Port police force would have had a good innings yester- day. Twenty medical practitioners have died in Naples out of 139 who were engaged in attending cholera patients during the recent epidemic. A grand cathedral has been built in Moscow to commemorate the retreat of Napoleon from Russia. The edifice will accommodate 10,000 worshippers. The agricultural classes of France have £200,000,000 on deposit in the Government savings banks, on which they are paid 4 per cent. interest. The population of the United States in creases at the rate of 32 per cent. every ten years. At this rate there will be 88,000,000 inhabitants in 1900. According to one estimate, the number of tramps in Germany last year amounted to 200,000, and the expense they caused to the community £300,000. Why get up a special entertainment in the Port Adelaide Town Hall? Give all the rate- payers a pass to one of the ordinary council meetings and they'll be satisfied. The Church of the Holy Ghost at Heidelberg is divided by a partition running lengthwise through it. On the one side the service is Protestant and on the other Roman Catholic. The latest idea of the Ameer of Afghanistan is to illuminate Cabul by the electric light. It is stated that he has sent some officers to Bombay to make the necessary arrangements. London Truth says the best preventive for cholera is to take some time during the day two spoonfuls of salt either spread on bread and butter, or in some other way. The salt acts as a disinfectant. It is stated that the Claimant has been warned by the Home Office to be more guarded in his language at meetings which he addresses, and that unless he attends to this warning his ticket will be recalled. Tire Austrian Ministers of Justice and Com- merce are said to be considering the advisa- bility of establishing penal settlements on the African coast, where manufacturing mdustries will be carried on by convicts. Mr. Gladstone has recommended that a grant of £300 be paid from the royal bounty fund to Mr. George Smith, of Coalville, in acknowlegment of his services on behalf of brickyard, canal, and gipsy children. It is said that the Astors alone own 3,600 houses in New York, all of stone and iron. The lowest rental they get is £300 per annum, and the highest about £10,000, which some of their enormous down-town buildings bring. The Chinese soldiers' uniform consists of a blue tunic and as many more clothes as he feels like getting inside of. A good many of them use their shoes for breastplates, and stuff cotton in their ears to keep from being scared. When the weather is wet, we must not fret; when the weather is dry, we must not cry; when the weather is cold, we must not scold; when the weather is warm, we must not storm: —But be thankful together, whatever the weather. Mr. Stuart Cumberland and Mr. Labou- chere, M.P., intend to offer to Mr. Eglington, the spiritualist and slate-reading medium, a challenge for £2,000 that they will produce the same effect by natural means that he professes to produce by spiritualist methods. The last census reveals the fact that of the 349 kinds of work done in England women participate in seventy. In three professions— medicine, education, and the drama—there are more women than men; in the case of medi- cine nurses are included in that profession. On January 1 the Times entered upon its second century, reckoning according to the number upon its title-page, although, as the first 939 copies were issued under the name of the Daily Universal Register, the centenary of the journal with its present title will not arrive until January 1,1888. An interesting discovery is reported to have been made by the Governor of Irkutsk in the course of a prolonged inspection of the province, which shows that Siberia is still an unknown countrvy even to the Russian authorities. His Excellency came across the little town of Ilim, with 500 inhabitants, 160 houses, and four ancient churches, with remarkable relics of Cossack times. Not one of the inhabitants can read or write. 