A PEDLAR'S STORY. limn up among the hills on tho wagon road that runs through thc Cascita pass, is a small tavern, much frequented by commercial travellers, and which bears thc odd title of "The Long Pack." ' : ' , " Does that mean a lang pack of cards i" in- quired a traveller, glancing at the swinging signboard, which also represeutedthe weather- worn picture of something faintly resembling a soldier's overgrown knapsack. "No," replied the gray-haired landlord, "It means a pedlar's pack. Nowadays they call them sample-cases, 1 believe," point- ing to tho baggage of Beveral commercial drummers that stood in a corner. " You see I have a good deal of that sort of custom. I try to make tho ' road boys' as comfortable as possible, for I wau a little too hard on the trautcrnity once." "How was that!" "Well," said thc mountain Boniface,'who had waited until his daughter, a buxom mat- ron, hod left the room, "It ain't a very pleasant story, but I like to tell it sometimes, just to remind myself that thc worst thing a mau can have in this world ie a bot, obstinate temper. You sec I came to this coaBt soon after the gold fever broke out, and settled dowu in thc Santa Barbara valley, below here, ranching. I was a widower even then, aha bad brought with mc from the States my only child, a daughter, past 17. She was a pretty girl ii 1 do say it, and, being as good as pretty, you can imagine I was quite wrapped up in her. Of course I was anxious to keep her with me; and, if nat that, at least I looked for her to do something better than to fall in love with a pedlar." " And did she ?" " Yes ¡you Bee, in those days the country was full of young fellows who hud struck out for themselves and were trying to get a start by carrying knick- knacks around from one town or mining-camp to another. Some of them were lively chaps enough and well educated, but I waa fresh from the States with all the eastern prejudices, and it almost drove me mod when Nellie told me she wanted to marry a young fellow who brought his pack through our district a great deal oftener than the trade seemed to require. I was a hot tempered fool in those days, so I stormed, threatened, locked Nellie up for a week ana sent word to her lover that 1 had loaded my gun for wild cate and pedlars," " What did Nellie do ?" " You might have guessed it, stranger. One day when I came back from a cattle sale she was missing. I chased ber a couple ot days, but they had taken to the tall timber and it was no use. After a while I got a letter from 'Frisco, and I wrote back saying that I disowned her and that he had better keep out of the range of my deer rifle." " What did you do then ?" " Suffered, mister-just suffered. I knew I was wrong, but I'd died rather than give in. For four years I lived like a toad in a rock, hating thc old world. Ail the pleasure I had was in watching for pedlars. The number I chased off the ranch during that time would astonish you. One evening, afters terrible rainstorm, one of the tribe came to my house and asked for shelter for the night. He was a thin, weak looking fellow, with his face covered by a huge, rag- ged beard. He carried on his back an enor- mous long and heavy pack, and seemed so exhausted with hie tramp through the mire that I hadn't the heart to do more than order him od the place." "That was pretty hard," said the lis- tener. " I suppose it was. The pedlar seemed all broke up when he found I wouldn't even give him a bunch of straw in tho stable, and no other house within 12 miles. Instead of com- plaining, however, he merely begged that I should let him leave his pack, which he Bald contained goods of value, under shelter from the rain. I Anally consented to this. So, as I had sworn one of his t ade Bhould never cross my theshold, I carried his pack inside, while its owner limped off to crawl under some bush or other." " Didn't you feel mean?" " Yes ; mean and bitter ut the same time for BOinethiug about the mau reminded me, of Nellie's huBband a little. However, I locked and barred all the doors and windows as usual, for some road agents had been round those parts about that time, and had stood up and robbed several ranchers ; and. as I told you, I was all alone. Somehow, I couldn't go to Bleep, when after that, 1 went to bed. After toBBing around for awhile, I got np and sat by the fire, brooding over my trouble and trying not to think of the poor devil shivering out there in tho cold and rain somewhere. I looked at his pack Bitting up in thc corner and wondered what made it so long. As I watched it I fancied I saw it move." "Saw it move?" " Exactly. 1 wouldn't believe iriy eyes at first, but after watching intently for a while, I distinctly saw thc print of u hand pressed against thc canvas from the msidè. Like n flash then I understood thc whole thing. Thc pedlar was one of the rond ugent's gang, and, knowing I had considerable money about the houBc, they had adopted that plan" Tor^simig gling one of theia crew inside of the house. After I had gone to sleep the fellow inside could let in tlic rest and finish the joh. I walked quietly across thc room, took my gun from the antlers, knelt dmni ;i few feet from the pack, aimed Bquarc in tin; center, and pul- led thc trigger." " Go on, murmurai thc listener, with a shudder. " But the gun didn't go off," continued the landlord, clearing Iiis throat. " Thc nipple was rusty and wouldn't work, BO I laid down the rifle and got au ax from thc kitchen. - It had been newly ground that day, and when I lifted it over my bead I counted upon cleaving that pack, robber and nil clear to the floor. Just as I raised thc ax ¡ind braced myself for the blow I-I saw a ghost !" " A ghost ?"' " Yes, sir. The pack opened, and I saw sticking out of its top thc curly yellow head, blue eyes and rosy cheeks of my Nellie wheo she was a little tot of four. Thc shock stag- gered inc so that I sank on my knees. I wiped my eyes and wondered if I had not gone crazy. I am was almost certain of it when she ghost stretched out a pair of chubby white arms and said : Dccvniii, drandpa !' " " Ah !" said the guest, with a relieved sigh, " I begin to sec. And what did you do then?" " I don't exactly kuow," said the land- lord, softly ; " but if there is anything that will bend u stiff, stubborn neck quicker than thc arms of a little child, I'd like to know what it is. I put the tired little prisoner down by the fire, opened thc door and held out my arms.'' "And thc mother-" " Yes," nodded the Undlord, " they were both there ; and, mister, I guess that's tile end of my story."-San fraticiiwco Poe!, 