ECHOES OF MELBOUENE ; . '? ? : ;- FByTiie Ghost.] ?; '?: During: the week it has been , hot, 'cold, breezy, -.andi calm, and politics ? have par taken in a largedegree of the state of th'e weather. The: Council- has, with scant i ceremony, shelved the Legal Px'ofessioris Amalgamation Bill,, and the juvenile' members of 'the lower branch of ? the profession' must' perforce- submit to the postponement of the day when they will be -entitled to' don the wig and gown now sacred to the special adornment of the bar rister. The measure ' legalising ' eight hours as a day's work is also to receive its quietus at the hands of the Upper House, the colonial peers evidently going into training for the/heavier work of dealing ?with thei- Licensing Bill, and. consigning ithat :? much-amended Government -. legis lative bantling to the limbo of 'this day ?six. months.' Meantime, while, waiting for, tho bone of contention to be thrown in their. midst, Dr.'Hearn, the, leader of the Council, has, more s-uo, and 'after the fashion ; of his countrymen been trailing I* I- ? _1,.TP»__ II k . 1 * ?_ J -ms..' Goair. ana aeiying rue ^ssemoiy to tread on; its tails. With , singular appro priateness; thecasws belli-ia) an' Explosives Bill. The- clauses dealing with the financial portion of the measure being printed in talics, as a hint to tho Upper House that' ihey have no right to consider them, have toused the ire of the great stickler for con stitutional privilege; ? and unless wiser sounsels prevail: a conflict between tho ,owo branches of the Legislature is - immi nent. .That a 'row';on a mere question : of privilege would.be welcomed by a large itnu'niber. of the people's representatives' at the^present juncture is beyond doubt, iand ^a red herring of : any kind : dragged across .the'.trail, and which. would i serve to divert the- attention of the'.: constituencies' from, tho licensing and education , questions during, the approaching ' elections, ! would be looked upon oven by the Ministers themselves in the light of a real ; godsend. The long ago. settled -point raised by-Dr. iHearn. may. perhaps: have more: meaning that: many persons imagine-; anyway 'the quarrel is a very pretty one as it stands.' The ppliticarsensatipn of rthe week has been -.the'- resignation' 'of: Mrl 'Orkney, one of tho members for West Melbourne. Dis gusted at being unable to carry any of his proposed airiendnients on the principal -clauses of the' Licensiag1 Bill, Mr. Orkney iii a fit; of temper sent in his resignation to the Speaker. No one, perhaps; would very much have regretted the absence of the honourable member from 'the Assembly, and the' affair would have hardly merited notice but for the fact that the CpntSs't for the vacancy- will affprd all arid''' sundry the 'means1 of ascertaining the feeling ' of one of the most important' pi the i metropolitan hnTiBf.if.nAnn.ipn rm1 -hriA nnli-ionf. aF inrrTol^f.inTi in regard to' the liqupr traffic- Mr. Orkriey, in' assuming for the nonce th& 'role' of Curtiusi and leaping. ' into 'the1 political gulf, has rendered a signal service to his fellow'-legislatbrs,: who should feel' duly grateful'- at tieing afforded an opporturiity of ascertaining; ' free of ' personal ' cost' arid trouble/how the 'cat is likely to jurrip on' a Very important question; ? : ? . - ; Up to the present only . one candidate .has'cbme forward- to'seek' th'e- suffrages of the -electors. '? Mr.: G: ' D.'! 'Carter; . .the late member for St. Kilda, arid who ' Has just vacated the Mayoral chair,, ha? ariripunCed hisT candidature.1 ' He'willhb dbubt -be bp jibs'ed by spme chosen representative1 of tho teetotal party, and should the' issuebe left -to the two nspirants for the: seat, an' indication of the feelirig:bf the country will be afforded which will inaterially'tend to the' comfort of such of ' the people's, re presentatives as ,' have ' hitherto occupied the somewhat1 uricomfortabl'ej undignified, 'but withal fashionablej position1 of 'sitting on' a' rail.' It is' devoutly to be hoped that the rumour that Mr: Orkriey ' intends again offering himself to. the' electorate is incor rect; but that he will 'allow' a fair duel! to take' place between a' downright opponent ?of the.' Government Licensing Bill and; a ?professed supporter of the measure. Apart altogether- from- the licensing question, the return of Mr. Carter would be a. dis tinct;gainJtb the' Legislature of Victoria. As a; clear debater, an incisive and. logical speaker, Mr. Carter, when in the Assembly, had ' no superior, and few equals, and iwhen on the occasion of the last triennial election he lost his seat for St. Kilda, by the narrow majority of one vote, regret was expressed on both' sides of tho House that the ' colony had been deprived of the' services of one of its riibst talented1 members. '? ' ,: ? ? The; Opposition are appareritly desirous1 of ascertairiinEr whether1 there is . or is not any truth ' in the ' proverb ' averring that 'coming events cast their shadows before them.' The members pf the Assembly opposed1 to the Government have inet in 'solemn -conclave,1 and fixed upon the', ?policy they will carry out when .they flit from the cold shades of Opposition to the ; sunsh'ine of the; Treasury benches.. The whisper -that -Mr. Service contemplated' quitting: political life, arid that Mr.' Kerf eird would ere' long dori the Supreme: Court ermine, aricTthat'the disintegratibn of ithe' 'Coalition Miriistry would as/ a' matter of course follow upon' these events, ? most probably induced Messrs. M'Intyre,' Madkay,;Mirams, A. I. Clark, and a few' of the lesser lights who sit to the ' Speaker's ' left; -to endeavour to take time by the. fore-' lock andhasten thei march of eyeiits. ''To most people, however;.'the' late.'Opposi 'tibri caucus will sayourlargely of the pro-; cessknowri aa 'counting' chicken's before' they are hatched;'- ';? ?- ;' ', ;j': ? .' ' ; 1 ; ; -What a' sham is piir boasted philanthropliy , 'and ?.?.'! how ? -very '-.'far '; the. ?'numerpus' mean's 'devised by ;the charitable : in ; 'our midst to alleviate the misery of [ their ; fellow bein'gs!are: fronv attaining thbir'proj fesse'd'ob'jecti has 'been shown 'during 'the ? week by .a: painful episode that1 has' taken place almost in the heart of Melbourne. A discovered in the paviho. ? , . ? ri, is Societies', reserve, actually d*mS 1of'C2ld and .: starvation. :Ho had crawled for ?shelter into one of the shedsjand ^vcrcome by jwoakness, induced by long fastingi w?s. unable to: rise; and would assuredly ha,ve died had riot his groans attracted the at tention of a charice passer by. It ,is cer tainly little to ' our credit that a fellow 'creature should thus bo allowed to perish of want, despite all the organizatioris formed on every side for the relief of suffer ing .huihanity.and argues something wrong in the present method of alleviating dis tress. The 'sturdy beggar' is, after all, the one that reaps the largest harvest of ?half- pence.- As if to emphasise the fact that in : a colony where wages are higher than in, any other, and only eight hours of the twenty-four are devoted to wages barn ing, the poor- fellow, lay down to his long rest on the premises .of the Friendly Socie ties !- And this has !happened;in the prp sont year of (grace and in Australia, Felix ! The Government are apparently power loss: to.put astoptothe proceedings that make Sunday night hideous in the Mel bburne Hall' of: Science. Mr. Synies goes on lecturing and. taking admission inoney for his ,' entertainment,' arid the police go on piling summons upon summons. Are our: officials ^powerless tu uphold the law/ or have they discovered that the law can not be upheld ? An answer to this question is certainly due to tho public, for in its absence the present state of affairs is sim ply a 'disgrace to all concerned. The pro ceedings have only served to make it plain that so long as common decency and orderly conduct is observed, there is really no law against Sunday amusements. : Taking cash is the only crime of which Mr. Symes. is legally guilty. . This may be news to many, .persons, but it .is nevertheless indubitably ,', tho law of the. land.' . ?? ? , Banks are; as, chary, of their reputation as ladies should be, and all insinuations against their character aro resented a V outrance. . A gentleman ' named Trotman having telegraphed to a friend inSydney to withdrawhis'mbney from theFederal Bank as it was ' broke,' has. been committed for trial, for- publishing a malicious libel. As no illeffects followed- the advice, and. the commuriicationnot being inteaded for' publioatibri was in';the.eyes of the law 'privileged,' the libellous gentleman is not likely to suffer se/verely.at the hands of the lajv ; buthe should decidedly not-be allowed to go 'scot free.' The gram matical construction of his telegraphic message certainly calls, for soriie punish ment, and although honourable members of the Assembly are. in the daily, habit, of taking liberties : with their participles and, saying ' I seen it ' and ' I done it,' instead of 'I saw it.' and .' I . did it,' there, is. really no excuse for persons outside the; Legislature muddying . ' the pure well of 'Englishiindefilpd.' . . ;. ; .. , ?' Even suppbsirig that the performance of ^?Antigone' at theTownHallfprthb bsnefit. of ;the 'Lymg-in Hospital- should prove a -failure1— which by the way it can hardly' be froma firiaricial point of view, aS|riiO8t of the seats are already secured at extra-/ ordinary high .- prices-r-the promoters of the |entertainment-.will have , conferred a lasting^ benefit'on the public- They will; hiive|set;at rest' the great quarrel, in regard to' their respective military status, which . /for 'nearly two years' has' been raging between the Minister of Defence and Col.. Disney, the Commandant of the Victorian military; defences. ;: The/official programme;' ' of the; entertainment has been issued, and as it has-been' allowed for some days to pass ? 'unchallenged, may -be taken as fixing .the. J? table of precedents ''to be observed in future.'- According to .this document Col. Sargbod's pride sustains a .fall, as |ho is .sandwiched between Majbr-Geriei al Downes and ' Lieut.-Colonel ' Brownrigg, and two steps below [Colonel Disney. ,The| only consplation left to -.the soft 'gopds warrior is that, he takes precedence of a real live Imperial- Major-General ! Evidently our Victorian Garter king-rat-arms is not of much account— or iperhaps ho thinks that being at the antipodes, things here should be a little topsy turvy ! ' ' , October 12. Just as in days of yore it was not given to every man to reach Coriritli, so, in our own days, is it seldom .that a Government suoceeds in a few short hours in converting bitter foes into staunch friends. Yet the coalition Miriistry has just achieved this feat. The publican Short is now their friend, vice the teetotal Codlin, deposed. A change in/a few clauses of the Licensing Act : Amendment Bill introduced on' tho re-cbmiriittal of the measure has effected a transformation in public opinion, as unexpected as inconvenient to Mr. Service and his colleagues. The licensed .vic tuallers who, / a. week ago, were ready to renounce the Premier and all his works are now the loudest in sounding his,' praises,/, and ? tho teetotalers, who erstwhile swore 'by the honourable gentle man— -that is .if teetotalers ever do swear — a'r.e'; ;at the present moment, cursing him with bell, book; arid candle, and a bitter ness that would put to fshame the Presby terian1 ' Assembly. .The. ' petitioners ' who humbly. begged- 'the Assembly to pass the Licerising'BillJ are now as, fervently im ploring the Council ,to reject it, and . alto gether things in the political -nysrld are growing very ' mixed.' Had4he Govern- , nient stuck .manfully to its bill as; first introduced, the solution, of the, present 'difficulty-, might ' have been ! found in a1, dissolution ; ; ' but- the : * measure ' in its ? preserit form is , the creation of the cbuntry^which is, .supposed to .'speak thfbu'gh1 its, chosen'; representatives'4 arid an. appeal to.the constituencies would sayo'ur much of one 'froni Philip, 'drurik:to Philip' -sober.', \Vi rests witK' the/'Upper House 'to cut the{ Gbrdiari knot, .''arid according -to appearances' that 'august as semblage of the matured wisdom of pas-- toral Victoria has unsheathed the sword, and is quite ready to follow the oft- cited example of the renowned Alexander. In its present shape the Licensing Bill pleases only one extreme section of tho community, and the best course the Coun cil can take will be to send tho much tinkered measure to the people and obtain thbrr decision in a fair stand-up fight betwet?.u !' blue ruin lid blue ribbon.' Ifc may, perhJ-Psi n°t tond tp raiso Victoria to a pinnacle 'o/ eminence in the scale of nations when it is .known that her Legisla ture has been elected' PH an issue which will, not inappropriately, leave honourable momburs open to the imputation of being mere 'pothouse publicans.' Tho lack of ' backbone' shown by tho Government has landed their supporters in a most un pleasant dilemma. The selection of Mr. Simon Frazer to do battle on behalf of the teetotal army against Mr. G. D. Carter, tho avowed champion of the publicans, is rather an unfortunate one, for Mr. Frazer hails from the land, nay from . the very country, fairied throughout the civilised world, arid, for that niattor, ' many of its uncivilised portions too, for the quality of its whisky ; and the late member for Eodnoy is hy rno means a 'blue ribbon man' him self. Much of the interest which, under other, circumstances, would have attached to the contest for the seat in West Mel bourne, vacated by Mr. Orkney, and will be lost. As an indication of popular , f Celine; it will be valueless for theelection, if eon fined to the two candidates named, arid will .be simply an expression of the relative esti mation in which the two gentlemen are personally held. , Both are '^honourable , men.'. Both are staunch constitutionalists, ; arid rieithur of them1 has any ppli|ical axe to grind. How is it that at thtt'llrescnt junc ture rib 'Liberal' candidate 'hasHaken the field? Has the ' nobbling' . of their whilom leader by Mr. Service, and Mr. Berry's apostacy so utterly disorganised the ' greab. Liberal party ' that no repre sentative can be found to uphold tho cause in one of the most important metro .politan electorates ? It would almost look like it, and as if . the truth of ; the assertion that ' Liberalism is dead, 1 killed by . Graham Berry,' were about to receive a palpable illustration. Mr. Mirams, who evidently is desirous of acquiring the titlo of the colonial Joseph Hurne, has announced his intention of moving for a return showing the cost of housing, paying, and conveying by special trairisi her Majesty's representatives in Victoria. There are other matters, how ever, in regard to which information would 'be, quite as welcome to the public. For instance, there are people who would liko to know the cost of the picnic trip in the chartered steamer, Wairarapa, indulged in ?hy members of the Legislature under tho pretext of visiting the fortifications in Port Phillip Bay. A ; return specifying in de tail the' cost of the wines, beer, and spirits —not' omitting the teetotal beverages— to- gether, with the number and kind of free /drinks indulged1 in hy; each of bur legis lators, would be | very.' much 'appreciated. Arid as the, Government have sigriified /their readiriess to satisfy the mem ber for Collingwobd, there can as suredly, on :the .principle 'that the same sauce is equally [suited to hoth goose and gander, be no objection to affording the country a peep behind the scenes, and some inkling of what the total cost of a representative really is, irrespec tive of the monthly 'screw' of £25. He would indeed be a rash individual who would attempt to set bounds to', the size which our daily metropolitan journals 'will in. time attain. The two leading morning journals are just now; engaged in a game of brag. The notification that an extra column has been added to the daily broadsheet of the one is met by. tho announcement that the morning's issue contains 'sixty square feet of reading matter.' Timp was when quality and not quantity was aimed at by newspaper pro prietors. But all that is changed now. With sanitary reforms and the pro longation of human life has undoubtedly come an accession to the world's miseries, and one of these, and assuredly not the least, is the daily necessity of winnowing the vast amount of literary chaff in the Melbourne dailies in search of the few grains of wheat. they contain. In the ' good old days ' the faculty of being able to condense news was a sine qua non in a journalist worthy of the name, now tho efforts of the Press scribes are in the direction of ' bumping out.' And it's not the poor printer bub tho poor reader who suffers. The congregation of the Scots Church and a deputation of the Presbyterian General Assembly have met, and the breach exist ing between the supporters and the prose cutors of the Rev. Charles Strong is, if possible, wider than ever. The victory of the congregation at the last meeting is not without significance, and may after all not prove entirely barren of results, and it is at the present moment an open secret that some of the hitherto staunchest sup porters of the 'Presbyterian standards ' and the Confession.of Faith aro anxiously trying to discover a modus Vivendi with the erring flock, and the consequent riieans of extricating themselves from the false posi tion in which they stand. Mr. Stewart is not the only irieinber of the Presbyterian body who is ' heartily sick of the 'whole affair,' and it is tolerably certain ? that if another 'conference' between Mr. Strbng's late congregation arid the representatives of the Presbytery were to be held, a settle ment of the much-vexed questip'n -v,buld be 'arrived at. In regard to the ' minority .ef ten' who voted against a settlement of the ?dispute! 'on tho , basis favoured- by' the cbngregatiorii ; ari''-arialysi3 of the, votes 'shows that every brie might, in accordance with Parliamentary usage, have been ^KaUenged-bhthe ground that every mem .Li'ber voting Had a direot pecuniary interest I. j iin.tihe question;1 all being in : some way in ; ;tl thepay of the Presbyterian body. Hard .' f i i. rcasL and orthodoxy appear in this oase to Ci!; have gone hand in hand. Can it be that ' -nctlxe' last-named is in any way the causa -i-jCansaus of the latter? ?,'?'.'?'.'? :.:i;iiJThere has been a singular display of itl; activity !and generosity on the part1 of four ;j V ' great wool kirigs,and their subscriptions' to -.'?; the tune of some thousands of pounds have ; :? flowed in; with a view of impressing, upon -i,r John Ohinamanand the' poor Indian', the toisuperiority of woollen/ clothing over the '?.] 'time-honoured .? cotton ???; in .which I '. they ?; ; . have. . for centuries past been ? ac ; ?? customed to'encnse their liinbs.: 'If. only ;.?., the; almond-eyed disciples 'of Confucius -ii, could : be compelled vi et drrliis ' to . wear broadcloth and shoddy, as they wore forced r to consume, British manufactured, opiuin, !' the squatter would be happy ! , And in this ; ' hope he has. cast his bread upon the waters \\\ l(in the shape of cheques), and proposes to ' 'build woollen factories in tho land of the .cousin of the sun and moon, and even, in ' order to bring his manufactures into re '? pute, at first to distribute gratia the pro ; ,.duce of his factories ! Whether onterprise I ..conducted upon these lines would in the ' long run prove remunerative is a moot ..point.. Probably the benighted Hindoo and :\ wide, awake Mongolian would wear woollen 'I clothing as long as they received it for '' 'nothing, and when called on to pay their .tailors' bills i would reverb to cotton. r, Should the' notable factory scheme everjb'e ? ? carried out, it might be based'on the pros ; pectus of Mrs. Jellaby's Society, inaugur al ated for the' purpose of supplying the ladies [ ? of theOjibbeway tribe of red skins withcheap 'flannel petticoats. The process of''.dis- ' ,'tri^wftiag,' the produce of their' flocks ' h'aa -'apparently resulted in, sending, the : 'u ' 'braiiis of our pastoral kings ' wool-' .gather-. ,,'ing.' ' '-?-? .?:? ?'?''' .' . *; ' ?'.'':',? '-? ;'.',' -: | October 18. ,; .. ; '..?,. .-.'.-,??', i ' 