TALES km SECETGHES. A STRANGE VOYACE. BY W. CLAItE BUS SELL. Author of "A Sea Queen," " Tub. Lady Maud," "A Sailou's Sweetheart, " "The Wekck of tub Gbosvesoe, &c.; Chapter XXXVfl. — I SEAiton the Sinp. It was the feeling of. helplessness I hero just written about that determined mo to scorch the ship myself. It was all very well' for the mcii to say they had looked everywhere; but if their hunt had had no moro spirit than their language had shown concern for tho captain's disappearance, then, to he sure, another and a most carcfid exploration would bo needful before I could satisfy myself tlint tho worst had befallen tho poor old man. The crew still hung about the -wheel conversing. I was not well enough acquainted ivilh the construction of tho vessel's interior fo be nble-to undertake a search over her so ns to content me ; I there fore walked up to tho men anil said, " Sly lads, I should like to liuvo another look for the coptuin. 1 don't doubt you made a closo inspec tion ; hut tho loss of tho master of this ship must prove a very serious thing to all on hoard by depriving us of a navigator ; and before, therefore, wo make np our minds that he is out of the vessel, we might as well turn to nndhavo (mother good overhaul of her ; for there's no tolling what plaeo you may have overlooked, nor in what strange liolo or- nook, supposing him to have been mad ns you believe, lie may have bidden himself." " Misthcr Aubyn's qnito right." exclaimed the Finn. " Did you go inter dcr hold ? Did you look inter dcr shain-lbckcrs? Huv you been inter dcr after- peak ?"' "11 hat's tiio good, of looking into such places as them ?" said' tho stowaril contemptu ously, pulling out a pipe and striking a match, the finmo of which from tho hollow of his hand threw its light upon tlio faco of tho Finn, who instantly reared himself with n backward movement from tho wheel to get away fomr "Do captain's dot.aslipbrk,dut vat 7 shay," cxchumcd tho German uuderstewnrd,. "Any way," said I, " I mean to search tho smp to mnko snro ; and I should bo glad if one of you would lend mo a hand to do so." "1U go olong- with yon, "said Nipper, after a few moments' pausoall round. " Steward, wlioro s tho lantern yon used ?" . " lou'll find it in tlio pantry," answered tho Bteward, who had' seated himself on tho grating, and was tliero smoking complacently andswing- mg Ins legs, " Yon'ro bound on a useless errand, Air. Aubyn. Yo'll find nothing living below unless , it's rats," A low hoarse laugli broke from tlio Finn nt this. « Captain Moses tipes has committed suicide by castin' his body .overboard, assartinas tliat there red hobjectout yonder a tlio moon." Grond'ili' (kri!'s 110 ®",nn lookiu' for 'iin," said ,.f Wl''kbd to tho companion and Nipper (Jli w mo'. As wo weut down tlio steps I a hnn we had best begin with the cabin and examine all tho bcrUis there, ns though in fact whto'li , ' l!c'u'c'1 i fr the mnnner in ou«L. a ?i ,.hn(V »USAwcd tho Finn's other ni w®'eHicr tho hold, cliain-lockOrs, nnd other places lmd been looked into satisfied mo he o 1 ",oa Iwd made must Imvo bccansn "'T n'4, I?4 nnrnMV ollei ninybo OTerhmri V- ' ')c'lovcd tlio captain was Ef P1'er fctcllc4 tt"d lighted the berth, .. i - \V, wont ftIoDG tlio rows of v»v n' n'"®' them ouo by one, and moving »ot ,S \Vn' ASpakiue in whisI'er3' 33 I Latt ho ,s Ag.'wsto catch scent of what tavlieht'wn ' "".i'1 t'10 u'Kllt was gono and end hi J? n!I t0 tokoconrngo from sea al i n" . ? our wonrnfiil CU0Ugh to ,elu"Bi«gtt of those friends nml wreck sr""0 U!Ur? wil ,lu4 riiwed away to tho owner's win "p0",' tho ,llcrths 113 though tho ehortlv in i" t , W0llld como below bsndalas, i, l In.5lo1el,d s cabiu there was n looki£as -fd« Pa,f f fory backod brushes, hurry-L ef„'! iyii bcc,a I"4, in. a tWfini.f i" yoa wUr i hut thnt was — BpCstion to me, and in a flash up stood wnmgQmtinU witb tku auliior: , tlio stout figure of ALs. Iiiglcliuld, and I saw her backing and filling before the glass as she figged herself out for the strange and miserable excursion to tho hull. One found dresses too hanging up here, and. tho colonel's coats and trousers ; and under the hunks and in corners of tho hcrtli there were portmanteaus, hounet boxes, trunks and so forth. It was tho samo .with Edwurds's and Hornby's . berths, nnd the comportments in which tlio mates had slept; they were nil ns they had been left, and tliero wns something so natural nud life like about tlicso interiors, tlioir aspect — with a coat thrown into a bunk, a pair of shoes on tho deck, nn open book, tho unmade bed of ono of tho mates witli tbo indent of his form fresh upon it — I say their nspect so persuaded one that' their occupants had only just quitted them, that I positively found it harder to ronliso the loss of Air. Edwards and- tho others, stale ns that loss now was, than that Captain Pipes had disappeared. J/e was assuredly in noiio of tlicso berths, nor m his own ; yet tho soarcli hero caused mo to takonoticqof ono fact: that there, were very, many valuable things amongst tlio luggngo. belonging to the missing party. As an instance,, I snwiu Edwards's berth,; with its lid raised — ' .whether so' left, or whether since done, I could not say— a very costly aud beautiful dressing- cascr, tliat literally shono in tho lantern light with its gold mountings : ,nll that Iiolmdfor his toilot usq was equally valuable in its. Way i and whon l observed tliat Hornby appeared to bo pretty "nearly, as "well off in .such foppish clcgnncies ; and when Icousidered tho jewellery the ladies had' no doubt brought with lliem, and tlio vhhio of tho ' coutents of 'tho' boxos'iibd: portmanteaus, taking tliem all round, including; ,my own bnggngo, for I wns.not wholly destitute . either— why, faith, tlio ec'usb 'of' tlio character" of the fellows .who formed the." crow 'of . tlio , ship camo. upon mo with a harder blow than tlio thought had yet administered, and a mighty; misgiving seized mo that AIiss Agnes and Iliad'- only been preserved from, going on. hoard tho wreck with onr friends in order that wo might' encounter' experiences of another, and ns it Wight tnrn oat a worse, kind yet than that hull- liail been the theatre of. However, I took core to preserve a composed face and to talk, very quietly to Nipper, wlioin I was by no means .unwilling to think well of, though ono could never guess how the iufluenco of tho. others might work in him. ' WYo may as well make an. effectual search of tlie ship," said'I,, "I may take it that tlio men didu t hunt very far." ' " AVliy, no," he replied ; "tlio two stcyvards overhauled, tbeso hero: berths and. tlio rest looked about tho decks. Since he's not in the cabin,. I:' don't' tbihk you'll find him anywhere else ; but I'm quito willing, to lioip you to soarcli ; for,, as yon say, if tho captain- fgone it'll be' a bad job as we don't waut no — " ho, checked himself with a hurried glance reund, nnd holding, up tho Inntern, said in a different voice, "Where shall we look next, sir?."' " We nuiy as well try the lazaretto," I an swered. Tlio hatch leading into this part of the hold was nndor the. aftcn tnblo. lt was closed, and it was impossible, to suppose that if. Pipes: hod descended through, it, ho could have closed, it after him. But. then I was resolved to ex- muino: every part of the ship. I had made up my miud. to consider tho old follow as: mad and extremely running mid until- I was cerr tain ho ivus not in the vessel,. I determined to act upon this theory of him and to omit no hole or corner. Nijiper dropped below first, and I followed nnd fnund. mrKolf: In n enm. partmcut well stocked with provisious for the ship's use, casks, coils of rope and so forth. It was extremely hot down here, and after erawl- aud peering about for a few minutes, my underclothes wero soaked through with pers piration. Tho lautcrn light flung many a fantastic shadow on the skin of tho ship, and often I'd catch myself starting at what exactly resembled tho outline of a human form skim ming along tho sides, or eveuhend whilst I'd see Nipper's eyes gleaming like embers in the shine upon his face, and he'd come to a sudden stand with n fearful slnrc nbrcast of him, or into a dead black corner over my shoulder. Tho be lief that tho skipper wns drowned caused the search for liim iu tho ship's dark inside to put a fancy of ghosts into Nipper's head; lam pretty sure of that ; his eye wu3 bright with super stition ; and he never shoved his nose round n coil of warp, or peered over between a couple of casks, without suggesting by Iris maimer that if a phantom suddenly uprose, ha was always standing by to sing out and run away, though tho apparition would bo nothing more tlum he expected. "Tlio skipper was not in the lazaretto, and we wero pleased cuough to scramble out of tho place, I to escape tho intolerable heat, and Nipper because tliero remained so much less of the ship to explore. There was a door in- the cabin bulkhead that led to the half-deck and from this place tho 'twcen-dccks luy right away open, a long clear sweep of empty space, to as far as the forecastle bulkhead. The light breeze held everything steady on deck: tlio ship floated without a creak or a strain upon the smooth water: nnd the silence nloug the cavernous interior, witli tho shadows drawing away from the palo glare of the lantern into an ehouy ilarkuess that prevented ouo from imagin ing to what distance this hollow space pene trated, could not Imvo been profounder had the ship been resting, a green nud glimmering phantom, upon her keel five thousand fathoms deep. AVe walked along, nothing stirriug hut our shadows in tho swing of tbo lantern-light nnd dusky flittings upon tlio skin or walls of tho ship, past the maiuniust, nud chain-lockers and pumpensing, till wo wero stopped by the fore castle bulkhead; then wo returned and weut down into tlio holdliya stiuicliiou with bits of steps nailed to it, and here wo found ourselves Atop of the ballast that was piled up in a great mound, tho summit of which camo closo to tlio deck. It cousistcd of river shiugla nud big lumps of stone, and looked by the light we bore a mouutaiuous mass of stuff. " There's uo signs of liiui hereabouts," said Nipper, holding tlio lantern high and peering rouud. " Wu'll go_righl aft first," I answered after a long survoy ol as much of the surface of tho bullastasl could sea; and down, we trudged, gritting nurt crunching to the after-hold that was full of old lumber,, warps, dunnage and tho like., Wo were deep, in the water here, with the kelson closa under onr feet nnd tho stern- post, with tho rudder linnging just beyond, against.oiir ears, sa to speak ; yet tho stillness .was unbroken ; it was wonderful ; it inado mo contrast it in fancy witli the routing, boiling, crashing sounds ono would hear in this place in a galo of wind, tlio shock and wrcncli of the surge-beaten rudder, the creaking, grinding, nnd straining cf massive timbers, ahovo all the wild- ness and fierceness of the movements of this ex treme end of the hull now flung up to I ho brow of a towering sea, and now let fall into a. hollow that lifted tlio white water swelling to the main braco bumpkins. " Hush ! " cried Nipper, standing slock still,, aud squinting past the lantern- with, rounded eyes at a huge warp. - "What do you hear?" I cxchumcd,. jtt- stantlv excited. . " itell olive 1 what's a-coming i" he: yelled, making a spring backwards that would imvo stretched him flat bnt, for his plumping with his stern against tho mizzeainast. As lie shrieked, out jumped from I can't tell you where five or six enormous rats ; they skurricd past me, ono slinging clean bctwoen my legs, bolted up tho ballast, aud in a breath were lost in' tlie darkness. The light may have magnified' them; or mayho it was, my own alarm j.butl protest as they fled by they looked mora like' young cats than rats., i" have a greater, horror of. these animals than of anything cisc that. moves: on four feet ; and for fear, tliat there might lie more of them knocking about, I culled. to Nipper to hear a'liand and. bring the lantern along, and made all the hostel gould. to overhaul this after-hold for any signs of Captain Fipes. . , . - ' " He's not in the ship, sir ;, yon may be sure of that ;, ho : wns made daft hy.tho loss of his passengers and men, and lias chucked himself overboard," exclaimed Nipper, whoso, nerves had', received "& shock, and who was onxioutt to cut this, hunt short. - I fear tlmt it is ns you say, '- I replied. " But sinco we're below we may as well look forward; it won't tuko us long co do so;. .and if lie's not there then, we can have no' further doubt ns to -what's become of him." Jinking ho answer to this, ho led the way .forward,, aud I went stumbling over the ballast close behind him so as toget all tho benefit I could out of the lautcru lie licld. We wont down the pebbly and stony slopo into tho foro peak, which wo found ludf full, of coal, along with n heap of odds nnd eiuls, which tliero fs no need to, particularise. I stood looking aud looking,, hut the place was as vacant of Captain Pipes as the other parts of the vessel wero, and with n sudden sinking of tho heart, accompanied liy n feeling of'constcr'nation, I climbed the stanchion leading to the fore hatch and gained the 'tween (leeks. I cannot say tlmt I lmd begun this soarcli with -the belief that. Pipes had hidden himself: yet I had undertaken, it not. without a.kind of hope; 'therefore I was sensiblo of great disap pointment - now that wo had explored every part of the vessel, including the chain lockers ; lor. I should have said' that wo peeped fnto them b fore wo went into the aft hold ; and this emotion revived J in. "me with threefold power that depressing, feeling of helplessness which had seized nio when I had' moved- away from the men and stood alone looking.' out npon the dark sea. We entered tho cabin to get on deck,, as all the hatches were covered; and Nipper extinguished the lantern nnd replaced- it in the steward's- pantry. When I reached tho deck, I found tho men where I had left them, gntherad about the whedi-that was still giuspetl by Groudhul ; they looked as though thoy wero waiting, for me to orrivo and tell them the result of my search. The moon liad vanished, but the dnsk wns finer nnd clearer than it hud been, when sho was siuking ; one could seo outlines plainer ; there was even a kind of sharpness in tho edges of the sails spreading out square and dim into the darkness, nud I could faintly make out the faces of tlio men. ' Many of tho stars shone with tho brilliuuco and ardency of fire, and- the brcezo still blew mild and steady, gushing softly out of the gloom astern into toe canvas; end giving the ship wny enough for her to thread tlie broken starlight in. the water beyond her counter witli a vein of green sparkles. "Well, sir, no luck, I allow?" exclaimed ilic steward, rising as I approached, from the grating and coming close to hear me. " No," said I ; " Captain. Pipes fs not in toe ship." _ The Finn gave a grant that might have signified anything; and the understcwurd .cried, "Dot ash pork; dat's vot I shay," "Where did' you look, Charley inquired Eye. addressing Nipper. ' ' Look ?"' exclaimed Nipper ; ' ' why, whom ever a clmp could shove his nose." " I suppose you're satisfied now, sir," seid tho "cook to ,n\o in, his usual sulky voice. "You're winin' to lielfcvc your own eyes, any how." I took no notice of ibis, and ad dressing them generally, Said : — Well the captain's gono; there's no doubt about that ; and hero wo are Without , a head, without a navigator, fs tliero any man among yon tlmt can use a sextant?" " . There wns no reply,, though, I saw . Nipper shake his head,' ' ' ' "Fin no sailor, as yon know," I continued "aud havo no knowledge of navigation. . I understand .dead . reckoning, and might make shift tp shove tho ship along for ii port by menus of tho log; " .' " But, what port are we a-goin' to lie hound to ?" interrupted the cook. " I'vo lnul enough of alio seaman's work . I signed for tho galley, and ns this here ship's tiu-ned out the most sickening job as ever a man had anything, to do with, Pin for cutting tlie bloomin' woyagc short, leaving nowt but tlie tail' aud chuckin' tho head aud shoulders overboard." "Wo coiddu't do better," said I. ' It vas me ash recommoiided der slikipper to shteer for Pernambneo — you remember, Mishter Aubyn t" exclaimed too Finn from tho gloom iuto which lio towered nt the wheel. "Dut vas because vo vos very shorthcuded. Veil, he tiotton me vid his revolver," here he gave a glim unpleasant chucklo, " unit say he voidil earry der ship to England. Dot vouhl not ho treating us ash men, by Uott. Bnt ho lias trowucd himshef uud ve are our own imish- tcrs und can slhcer der ship to hell if so bo ash dat course please us. Eyq niul tlie uuderstcward and the cook laughed loudly.- AYelt I remember that luirsli mirth aud tin; uucmuiy echo of it as it fluated. forward on too breeze and cniue down, out of the hollowed sails. " That port may suit you, Groudhul," said, Nipper; " buil'm. for steering for ; some plaeo. where life aiu't. nil puspciation, and where, when: you're tired of dancing, there's no pitch forks to compel yo to go oncuttin' capers. '' "For God's sake, men, let's discuss this matter seriously," 1 cxchumcd, afraid toot it they got joking about it they would fall into a I reckless aud audacious vein aud settle upon some scheme of A desperate nature ; for, I. well knew what, sailors arc, q.id how " chaff:" amongst them will lead to horseplay, anil .horseplay to defiant resolutions, -which. ;cany. tliem heaven, knows where when, thoy ' are, free, fellows were, to follow their own. in- filiations, "If you'll tell me to what port ?m? rc , n6rGcd we ought to earry tho vessel, I II go below and consult tho chart mid see if I: can. make. out a courso to thc.place." " What's llie nearest port — that's the question ?" grumbled, tlio cook; > ""Vy, Pornainbueo. Sphlit my viml, Joseph, you ought to know. dnt,.iuan,".cxclaUncd Gron- dlioL. ".Then, let's steer for Pcraamhuco; that's wlmt I say 1" cried the cook. " I'm sick of the; , woyagc, i ;Fm sick of tlio ship.. -I'm sick of the. sea ; nud I'm for getting, ashore ns fast as hover we can got the wind to blow this cussed old hookor along." , \- "I'm,: fur Pernambneo too," said Nipper. "There's no call to. go on mucking about strivin' to suil_ tho ship to Euglaud, ivheu we can make a. quick niid hcasy job of it by licodin' her to the westward." " "What about toe salwagc?" exclaimed: Eye. _ " Salvage 1" answered the steward there's no salvage here, mate. You'll only be a sail-" ing of the ship you belong, to; doin' of yonr .duty by licr: llicre'd be no saying of her. Think of Eye tulkiu' .of selvage I" and he hurst ; into a laugh. . : : , " Dcu nro ve all agreed to shaii to Peraain-. liuco?" demanded GrondluU. There ivos a general affirmative murmur. " Den praps. Mishter Aubyn vill not mind' going, below, " .continued tlio- Finn, spcakiiig very civilly,; " und look at der chert, und find out der course." . ; "I'lldo'thoibestl can in that- way," I re plied: " and ; whilst I'm below will you settle among yourselves how. the work of tho ship is to ho carried oil ? So far-us I am concerned, Inm completely. at your service for any duties I am. capable of preforming. I will keep watch, pull and haul, go aloft and do what: I can." ; " Yes,, we'll talk tlmt business over whilst you're below, sir," said Nipper. I walked to the companion hatch. In the net. of descending I heard Eye exclaimed, "It's . tiring work otscussin' poliucs in a man's watch below. I wonder what sort, o' flavcy the cabin: brandy's got?" I paused to hear what fol lowed. The cook said, "What d'ye need to. schrecch put your notions for, you blazin' fool ? d'ye want 'era to hear you. in the City o' Lou don? what's left of the cabin lush, is to be-' quietly Imbstracted I guess, aud let tliem. as. is out of. the ship get. tho benefit of haviug drunk it. Eb, steward ?" There was a short laugh, and then Grondhal said something about Pernambneo ; oh which I descended into, the cabin. 