EVXREJBS AND M0RNTNG8 IN THE BOSH, BY " pEtrrKrff^." fBottke-street -when the shop* are 1 shot snd Jjthe street lamps out—Spiritwts on the railway—I confess myself a Spiritist, snd am •ooTsed by the Spiritists on the railway—Why we want Kew Guinea.] Tkh deep-toned boom of the Post-nffloo tower-cloak oame rwinging heavily np the Mt«et in lebnkinar peata as I and oety worthy landlord from Woolonmaorifer were propelled by a pohte barmaid from the light o' Herr Nissan's ooffeo-room into tie inky AmrlcneM of Bonrke- atreet. Twelve o'clock. Oat alter midnight. Slightly nnoertaiu of exact whereabouts. Saab wa« the situation. And no donbt the sedate and simple - hearted half of Moiety, who have bee a brought np m all the prudent rigidities of domestic law and order; all the happy innocents who never f<4t the pangs of a iruilty latoh-key, nor ever had a tipey M.P. for father-in-law to dine with ; all the guileleBB and the grave-looking will be slow to comprehend the total harmlessness of such a position wherein two well-meaning individuals were to be peen in the ghost hours standing on the flagsof one of this great city's greatest thoroughfares, as dubious of their latitude and longitude as two babes lost in a wood, or a* Laiohardt in the trackless hash. Nevertheless, the position was pnrely philanthropio and fatalistio or aooidentad. Thn street, indeed, was very dark—yea, dark as Erebus; bnt neither I nor my w<5rthy landlord had any hand hi making tba darkness "By the tail of onr kangaroo!" said my landlord, " how dark it is in this big Bonrke-street of yonrs." "Yes," I replied, "the moon is at the fnll to-night; that's the reason of the darkness." " At the fall !" he exclaimed ; " by the tail of onr kangaroo, she seems to me to be at the empty, if a fellow can guess from the black sky over our heads, and the semi-StyaiaB obscurity around us. In Woolcumanrifer we should eall snoh a display of nocturnal nigritude flat burglary. Why, there isn't a gas lamp lit in the whole street. Such municipal disregard of t$tiz»n limb, life, and property would cause street-riots in Woolcuraaurifer, Why, ths bank doors aren't safe in snoh darkness as this. People might be mnrd»*red twice over hare in front of the [Theatre] Eoysl, which we are now passing, and the polioemuc wouldn't be able to distinsnwh the victim from the assassin ! " But," said I, " if every right-minded and well-behaved victim stayed at home after midnight and went to bed they eonldn't be murdered in the murky shade whioh makes the Royal look like a haunt of Venetian stiletto lurkent. But bo long as the Shops and hotel ban and vestibule* are open, and •its moon keeps away from her full, then an evaning walk down Bourks-street will present to your admiring view a scene of lively, obeerfol, luminous industry and bnsinesB life, while spires, towers, anil lofty hall roofs and pillared portiooea of ohurohes will bathe themselves in the InstrouK flood of moonlight twenty. " Hem 1" exclaimed my landlord, with a short oongh of ironical oadenoe, "if ycra oome down on me with EroW vein in that atyle I give it up; bat why ii the gag turned off from your street lamps all overyonr whole oity on nifrhte when the moon is buried in mawes of impenetrable vapour, so densa that the night is quite *s dork as at heroomplste oooultation 7" "We trust to the shop windows for moonlight on •aoh nights/' I said, "and to publio gas oharity dispensed at the theatre trotianoop. and to the o»b lamps and caffao-fit-nll candles." "Very noble," he responded; " bnt, when tired, Bourke-street puta up its •hatters, and oounts up the contents of its tills, and has its aupper, and goes to bed, and hotels and theatres are left to the rata. Why d® yoA darken the street lamps on the darkest nights in the calendar ?' " That " I replied, '"-fa a municipal mystery whidh the- Wd fiwor will explain at his next fatioy ball. " Cab, gentlemen ! " cried an Impetoons driver of a waggonette, who rushed his horse alongside of as, so close that the animal's head seemdd idmost over our shoulders, and his eyes glaring intp oar eyes: " Oab, gentlemen —oab — cab — cab, gentlemen—cab P" ''Jffof munl> to Brftady-wine Terrace?" iuuined my landlord. •' It'a after 12—fifteen bllljngi," " ril give you fire," said my worthy friend. " It's after 12, and it's doable fats." " will you take five shillings F" aakedffjyJandlowi. "No—it's after 14—1 wouldn't go for less than fifteen." "Then yon may go -to the Daddy of all oahmeu," aaid my landlord, and we walked on. Keeping his fiofee in the kennel as close to, us ap he oonld, he followed, or rather went on aide by side with us for twenty or thirty yards, but, seeing joo slgn of gabmiasion on oar part, he at last aurrBOdered, and invited U to "jamp in." " Them's only one going with you," said my landlord of t&e; K-O. hotel; and Um next momentbe had yaohhed into the darkness, a* a railway train .disappears into a tunnel. Next morning firat undertaking wq* ,fa humbug tbs flitQr, and get away for tie tgralftod fortight. Accordingly, I penned tha'folio wing Bote:— . . , " »«« Sin,—Althoagh I have apt mid aytbiag about It, tke state of mr feeBith d^'a lfltot tieM {kaet bu bwa aosh that a ofUilgbt's ramble fa the Oolobdlo Racga* a amoBg tfaethis^s dadderate at prp. ent. Z cuy advefctuBo, pf _ Q » progrew oooimt. _ itmth insteiid pl far more critiaal than the state of my pnlsa, snd 1 must regulate my plfeuro by fny purge. Please, then, to provide fot the two S»tnrd*ye of my Boanjper, and believe me, faithfully yours, "Pkctetbk." Now, says I to myself, when I had written this note, now our fine editor will flop blindfold into two little saietakes as ha reads this here biitydux .-—1st. He will think that I am threatened with a galloping aonsomptio>, whereas, ia faot, I am in astoniahingly vigorous health ; and next he will jump to the ooaolnaion that my banking account is down to "O," freeisiog point. And then he will bite at the hint about a letter from ouf oorrf fpDndent in the wild bunk, and willingly aesent to my leave of obeenoe, and, perhaps, baak me up a bit, So I sealed and sent the note. In reply cams thia :—"My very daat sir,—I am sorry to hear that yoar health is in suoh a precarious and dbolioiag state. By all means go to the Oolobolo Ranges, and be sure to let me hear from yon if yon fail down a orevasse, or get speared by the blackfellows, or are bittea by snakes, &a.;, &n.;, &o.; I mentioned the exhansted state of your poehe to The Manager, who, with his raual kindness and generoeity, handed me the enolosed small oheque for yon tn advantt. Believe me, ever most sincerely, Diespitar Bombonns Johnf, Editor of liaMy Morning Perambidutor. To ' Peutetre,' l>q." This note was just what I expected. The oheqti6 was for a fortnight's artioles in advance. No amount of humbugging oould have extraoted more ; and I felt ae skilful anglers feel when they huve onught the trout for whioh they curl their hock and bait. That evening I went with my landlord to (As Royal, where the clamonr in the upper gallery quite spoiled the effect of one of Shakespeare's finest plays, and provoked my landlord's useless indignation. On Saturday morning I ™ on the Spenoerstreet station twenty minutes before train time, with the smallest of baS leather bags in my hand, and selected a central carriage as the safest to occupy in case of an aocident on the line. Two ladies and two gentlemen entered the same compartment, simply beoause they saw someone in it. They were squatters pcing to a remote part of the region of Riverina, and were very agreeable oompany. They Were returning from a tour in New Zealand and Tasmania, and I soon discovered that one of the ladies and one of the gentlemen were a good deal prepossessed in favour of Spiritism J After we were well out on our journey the spiritual lady took an English newspaper from her retioole, and after glanaing along several columns came to an article on whioh Bbe fastened her attention for several urinates. Then she laid the paper on her lap, and looked very thoughtful. Again she resumed her reading, and again laid down her newspaper. Meantime the t#o gentlemen and my landlord were carrying on a discussion about the sheep fittest to be pnt on pasturage "which had never been run over. Then they digressed to Tand acts, andeleotion laws, and breeding oxen, and the treatment of wool. The meditative lady ultimately laid her newspaper on the seat of the oarriage and took a small thin vellum book from the retioule, the pages of whioh she slowly turned over, as if searching for a p&rtionlar; passage. Having found and read it, she laid the pretty little volume on her lap, and again took up her newspaper. In doing this the book slid off her knee and fell on the floor of the carriage. I stooped to lift the volume, and in doing bo I saw the words " Spirit World" on the cover. I made gome remark on the elegance of the binding, when she said that it had been sent to her lately by a friend in England who bad beopme a Spiritist, and asked me if I had paid any attention to the subject. I replied tnat I was a Spiritist, at which deputation the lady brightened up, arid seemed highjy gratified, and looked at me as one does When they unexpectedly mBet a co-religionist And sympathiser. " James," she said, addressing the gentleman who sat next her, bnt who had removed from her to the window at the further side of the carriage for ttas purpose of easier conversation with tny landlord, who appeared to be an adept in the science of squatting in bII its hrtmahes, " James," she cried, "ttoine here a momewttod "James" moved from the window to h«r side. ",This gentleman," she continued, " believeB as I do about the spirit*." Jaiea looked at me with a cold and cautions regard for an instant, and then said, " My wife a a neophyte, and is always glad to ineet with older converts than h^reeif in otdeir "to be oonflrmed in her opinions by the experienae of others," He prfbsed, and t iaM, "Up oertainly a Bpiritist." I said, "/Wi hire evidence too strong to leave me t Buy doiitt about the existent atd agfency nf thefspirits of the departed." " And is jerking hit head aUghU^ tuwards my 'landlord, "u he a Spiritist alaofr* " I oaa&ot; say," I replied, " that he is a BpiritiM M I am, bat possibly he hae idaiW: abomt •pirits." "Snoh idaas," *aid the^pBntlfmaa, "are spreading very fa»t, I believe. Have yon ever been at a seanoer'' "Ym," I answered, "very often. I DonrecM with then alfaost every day- or night/" " And We you had msasagea from them, and heard them speak, asfl known tb®r wise f" inquired the lady^ with njngldd pwe •ad aamaitaesa; " what did llwy yoaP Did you know tham «a the «pirU« <>f yonrdead friandif" "I«him«Dt >aodI will not trifle with yoa," said I, *ddn>aaiog phv lady ; " X believe that the mp/uaiH jd.aH who i»ein tbeJPaithof Ghriitliv® asd tthtflslwd axyoe -rationdly, and 4ww tiffct ons- 4dauons;. «d • is<fi .m iritolH^awt,beings fc^l, U n -the happi^Bcl.-ef tame, whom loved ' and c4Hit. ^tHfj^ believe the spirits ass tu. kno^ wfcat We^o or auflar, om^b Q$x fpjfyteji obtain many gifts and grace* for us by their ptaySrs t6 God, taatiy blesnhgs atit? er.Joyjft^ftrts for tifi; antf then, on t"hs other hand', I held a-ieeqt and loving Mimtnunibn with the (fepatted erpititti by faring hoi only -Wth them, but fof them, tnat their Tiajjpihess may be constahtiy inoreased ont off tlrat infinite oOean of spiritual delights whfoh are in God, and that they may fee everlastingly raised to higher degrees of enj oyffl>>» t through dl the oommg Ag^B of ths mvisfble sptritr world. In ante I Am a OafhoHp, a/Mf believe in the eonrmnnion of f^F holy spirits with GFod aftd Wrtft each other, and with thoBe still in the flesh, in and through diyinely-appointed mediams—nam«sly, tha Oatholio Cmiriob and iter morifica and tiaofimie&ts.;" The lady t&id; gentlefiian looked at me as I sq>obe, Stub with aa exptesaios of disappointcoant in their eonntenaaoes, whioh gradaaliy deepened into one of paitn and displeasare; asd, whan I oeaead to apeak, the geatkman, with a look and tone of patronising or contemptuous languor, said: "Ah, yoa mean tJ>at yoa ace a Roman Catholic-—ah!" "It is because I am ' Somap' that I am O&tfeolio;,'' I replied. " Ah," replied he, " that appears to me aeon - tradiotioo-in termsy for HotHati is partiablarand Catholic is universal;" and then be wnilfcd derisively. " Yoa speak as a Protestant," I rejoined, "but will yon tell me fphat constitutes anyone a British Bubjeot? Is it not tjecause the party has either been born auoh or else because the party baa taken an oath of allegiance to the Qm;en as )lis acknowledged rightful sovereign, and submits to British lawP and whether it ba in Canada, or Calcutta, or Capetown it is all the same. And so, whoever accepts and acknowledges the Bishop of Rome as his pastor and teaoher is a Cathotio, and is a Oatholio because he is in faith and morals a liege man of the Roman pontiff, and for no other reason. I am Roman, and therefore I am Catholio. "Where is the contradiction P It is my nnity with the Bushop of Rome whioh verifies my Catholioify. If the Roman Bishop disowned me I should not be a Catholic, and the whole Oat'holio Church would reject me. It is the ataihp of the Roman See which certifies my Catholicity to be sterling." " Ah, yes, bnt then our Queen ia not monarch of the whole world. There are many sovereigns, and each ih supreme in his own realm. So with regard to Chnrohes. Each has ita own doctrine, and its own oentral authority ; an<i tha aggregation of all forms tha true Oatholip Chnrch—ah t" " What ynu hwve tb prove," I said to him, " is this : that God setup ten or twenty different OhnnoheB, ea«t owntradioting the leading doctrine of the other. Contradiction means falsehood oa the one side or the other. Is falsehood aM ihe same as trath P" But conversation in a railway oarriage is liable to abrupt breaks. The lady wife of die languid-to®gued gentleman had just opened her lipe in reply to my laat speaoh wbentbeeaginer-driver thought proper to put his steam whistle into' motion, tmd loud, and shrill, and deafening it Bang ortt as we were demanding a Jang' ixjoline. |t was a note of warning to tha staff.of the station where we were to .stop for .rafreshlment, aad the discussion lapsed unwrdraoniooaly. When we rpsumed our jouniejy the lady and gentteniw»cbangfld their seate tJo avoid thMunshine, and (their pi apes jvere takeb by a county ooori, judge and a M^lbiuinb M.D., who was sent for diagnose a squatter patient. They entered intp ajfomawhat vehement review pjf a oertaip gamp Qf whist in whioh they }iad been partnprs tit Judge Blank's two evenings before, aad the play of the county court judge was BevereLjy criticised by the M.D. for the next 20 milef, when the SSl.D. left us. A (Steveniment offloial from Queensland then rehearsed the New Guinea Annexation Question for ni, and gave bs notfte faitei^gtnig ssr^ps of rriformation ab»«t ttifl origin of the movement apd its motive. , If Germany gete New Gnine^ onr tr»j}e tyi BlavBB pr Sandwioh Island lafwprera will Ik quashed apd if the T'repoh get i|i G»tbptyo miK^ionwea will pour in, pervfl'pi^he natives, and spoil onr evangiilucipg efforts, atjd the nativaa wiD be 0atfi»li<?8. yha CathoRo raligion gBflms to fit the native pava^B's notions better than the Bible. Ay, ay, oia fox, I said to myself, now yon let the oat put of the bag. England shopld aonex New G-qinea in order to keep the Oatholip Churofi ont pf it, and to open np a path /or Pi^^estantum. January 6, 1886. HtrKiraa.—The match played on New Tear's Day on the Friendly Sooietite' Ground : trim weftl eohtested. The dlttbs engaged 1 wete ipe Knerald Hill and Hotham again»t Bauristoh 'iod ^Kalrtabory. Cftia former win taptn^iitd' : by Sfc. P.- Bong," the latter' by Sir. T. Cpstelio.' Mr. T. PoBard acted as central ampire, and gave gre»t tatiafaction be both sidefti. After half atf : hoar's iitffl play Delarty made tbe -flrrt -and only goal, for BmeWa 'HUL THt, baB vu then takfth to the lifttirlitoTi gotf-JxMt, Snd kfept til ere Vll time jvai the goal-keeper for XaurktOn, hkd Slliui" work to defend his goaL As a'l^iilt the 7 ooUtot* a g<4d msdiki bsraale Abe pf the litnarald Hill Oibb. Ths pt^yeM #ho dlWingoiAed thnnsel^M > fdr Ibat'cln^l^efv Owen Oot^rpvir, ©ekrfy, ^i^Ain, 'Ka^itq), KijgeMaf -^ ~ ^ O. CXaMta,' ; anafer; Dbntgah, JStxmiih, ttiOfrii—«fi ' " - tolM 