Grand National Steeplechase Meeting. BT CASPIAN. j ; From timo to time tho "advisability '. of introducii more jumping races into our programmes has bee advocated in these columns as a means of. inducir owners Of mares and studmasters to produce a hors well up to weight and still combining pace an stoutness such as aro frequently found in tl southern capitals. " At one period New South Wah was famous for producing à thoroughbred of Btou ness and paoo, and up to 13st; but, unfortunately this animal is nowT-becoming! a rarity. Wo coul breed ~\ horses . like. Goulburn and Sussox wi could out out a milo on the flat as fast a seven out of every, ten horses; indeed, th last-named, ? who is a son of Grandmastei could hold his own with the best of handicap horse over any distance. These horses combined plenty c bono and substance with all the quality of th thoroughbred, and when they were tried over th cross country, or, to write moire correctly, th " illegitimate business," proved veritable wondon carrying easily to sucooss twelve and thirteen stone How many horses of this stamp do we now possess Echo answers, none. And why ? Por the simple reaso: that there is no inducement to breeders, and whe: suoh a horsé is bred ho finds his way into one of th southern stables, where rioh stakes for jumpini horses are offered. Tattersalls Club has, however cometo therescuOjbndnextSaturday will witness who is intended to become an annual event of winte -the Grand National Steeplechase Meeting. Th oommittee haye sot forth a vory nico programme fo the occasion; but I hope to soo at the next gatheriu] a Maiden Steeplechase added to the programme and a Hurdle, with selling conditions. This will in duce members to como from the adjoining colonies and although New South-Wales may not be able t hold her own. on the first asking with, stick horses, don't despair of witnessing a' few clippers make thei debut ..when next Tatter sail's. Club issuethoir winto programme. At prosent many of our good handioé] horsès might be' relegated to the " stiok business,' for all the, ; chanao they haye of winninj aflat raco; besides A while owners aré keeping thet with tho idea of getting into a handicap favorably they might be occasionally schooling them over har dies. It will take any of them at least six ornin months "to make perfeot, unless "they are natura fenoera." All this time is lost in waiting for a bandi cop, whioh they might not win ^ whereas a bur dla rac» could have .been added to their credit. Horses lila Lord Harry, Ringwood, Tho Agent, Yately, Hazard Don Quixote, Stafford, Omadhann, The Ghost, On tario, aro all good' enough to run in handicap fla' races, and win, and still hold their placo -'acron óouñtry. Such a useful olass of thoroughbred horsi we should endeavour to breed at any cost, and if otu racing ,olubs will only adopt tho plan of adding t couple of jumping races, hberally subsidised, they wil soon find that owners will respond to their call. At instance has been given by tho ready response tc Tattersall^ Club, which commences," next Saturday Another olub'that should take the initiative with re gard to jumping races is the Sydney. Amateur Turi Club. Many of the amateurs who rode last Saturdaj would bo only too glad tb display their horsemanship ovor; Randwick jumps,' and ..several z expressed themselves in favor, of_ adding" a " oroBB-timhor" race for "amateurs- only. Here, again, -would wt find a school for training bur amateurs, whe Íiossess all tho necessary poolnosa and courage, bui aok the praotice tb make first flight men: Praótioí alone can give Viotoria such clever gentlemen riders as tho Inglises, Smiths, Ponders, Glassooókg; Wat sons, Chirnsidos, Wilsons, Millers, and a host of other gentlemen, who can hold their own with almost tho best of-professionals. Now, only lot our amateur element make the start, . and nothing need he feared of tho results-safo .to follow, v Hunting I don't ex pect to witness within anything like reasonable dis tance bf the metropolis,, for the reason' that the country is not ''suitable'; but in tour/northern dis tricts ;the good ¿ld; sport of hunting is carried but 'with'a heartiness that does iiafihite oredit to its' sup porters. . * Returning to Tattersall's winter meeting, I fully expect to witness a large and fashionablo at tendance, especially as the Governor and suite from Victoria are lending their patronage for the gathering. The programme consists of five evonts, opening with a Hurdle Racé, for whioh I think about half a dozen .will start, tho most dangerous hoing Echo, Hunter, Indian Quoen. and Confidence. Tho latter is a par ticularly good-looking hurdle horse, but is not quite finishèd - as a jumper, otherwise I should select him, but must give myureference to : HUNTER or ECHO. In-the Flying Handicap there aro over thirty horses still remaining in. The weights have been consider ably raised, and many of the owners complain, but I fail tb see how any of the nominators aro badly treated. Honeydew has deservedly earned 8st91b, à weight that ho is thoroughly master of judging from his recent dual victory at tho Sydney Turf Club meeting Espiègle is plaoed on a similar footing with tho son of Goldsbrough, and well has he earned the position by Iiis consistent running. Astrcea has evidently got tho benefit of any doubt from tho handicapper, while King's Own was treated perhaps a few pounds heavily on tho form ho displayed at Randwick lately. His ownor has, however, with drawn thohorso. Fernlea has quito onough, and does not look like a horse that could give Highland Mary 21b. "Storm has faMy earned 8st ; but Mascotte has proved herself such an unreliable jade that ono is forced to" pass hor by." Polostar cannot complain j with 7flt lglb tp carry, nor Burrilda with 21b lesa.,J Master Avenol, if anything like the Avenel of two Ïears baok, the race would be at his mercy. Tepicallina on ono or two oocasions displayed a rare dash of speed, and perhaps he will again show signs of coming back to hiB form. Hazard has earned an excellent reputation for him self at Singleton, whore ho won two races last week, carrying over 8at on each occasion. Magnifier, too, is one that good deeds are expected from, bat to maka a choice commend me to tho chances of Honeydew, Espeigle, Storm, Burrilda, Hazard, and for a straight outpiok HONBTDEW. The Selling Bace should go to PKT Qrai, or FAVOR. In the Grand National Steeplechase, whioh is the great event of the day, about six will come to the jost, viz., Echo, Clarence, Sir Patriok (doubt ful), Progress, Fingal, Indian Queen. . The best riders from Viotoria will be here to steer these horses. Corrigan has been retained to pilot Echo, and Batty, I believe, will ride Progress, while I Cree may ride indian Queen or Sir Patrick. From the above lot commend me to CLABENCE, PEOOEESS, Or FrNGATi. The Contingent Stakes, with its numorous entry, is just as difficult to pick as tho Flying ; but having made the attempt in the ono, I must endeavor todo the same in tho milo and quarter event. St. Lawrence and Tom Brown look tho best of tho top weights ; Arohio, Honeydew, The Brokor, Fernlea, Wallangra, Polestar, Highland Mary, Venetia, Hazard, Lord Clifden, and Little Star. From tho abovo lot I fancy [ St. Lawrence, Tom Brown, Venetia, Wallangra, and Little Star, and ST. LAWBENCE to, win right out. 