SIORTING NEWS. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB. GOODWOOD HANDICAP MELBURNE, Saturday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) It is needless to enter upon the reasons that have led to changing the venue of the South Australian Jockey Club Meeting from Adelaide to Melbourne, but suffice it to say that when the good people u£ the sister capital pat an end to betting the; gave the coup de grace to their .races. The club was nearly dead, and altogether racing matters were at low ebb, when as a last resource it was decided to hold the meeting at Elemington. That the chinge has taken place is to be regretted, as it will make Adelaide poorer in amusements, aud also financially, as the great expenditure aud circulation of money attending a strong race meeting has thia year fattened Melbourne and hence a corresponding loss to Adelaide. The meeting was, however, I but a moderate success, as far as the club and public were' concerned, alih >ugh the books have,, barring Juanna'a win, bad a.regular skinner. The following are the results:— Ficsi Bubble Race. Mr A. Ferguson's bl g Sir Fa.ilck (foigason) 11 st 121 b .. .. 1 Mr M. P. Wh'.Uy'a b h Old Sant (&T; Laud), 9 at G lb 2 Mr P. Q. Talbot’s ch g Echo (Uor.igan), o<c 10 lo 3 Qssaliec and Yellow Hammer also started L>test betting—2 to 1 Old Sml, 3 to 1 Sir Patrick, 4 to 1 Echo. A good start was effected, Yellow Hammer taking up the run* niug, followed by Old Soul, with Echo next. Yellow 'Hammer led the way over the first hurdle, Echo and Old Soul being close up, with Qasaliar next aud Sir Patrick last. Old Saul then began to go forward-and bad a small lead at the straight, Qasalier having i un into second place. Sir Patrick and Yellow Hammer came next, Echo having dropped back last. Passing the stand Old-Soul still maintained, bis lead, but Echo had again re gained second place with Qasalier a good third In passing the bridge there was but little change, Old Soul, Echo, Qasalier, Sir Patrick being the order, with Yellow Hammer some distance behind. Ord Soul and Echo were racing well together, and at the . sheds the latter went up tu Old Soul, but at the last hurdle Echo was forced into the inside run ning with Old Soul in front and Sir Patrick at the outside. A. fast home ran resulted in Sir Patrick winning, with Old Soul second, Echo third,- Qasalier fourth, and Yellow Hammer nowhere. Time, 4 min. 2} sec. St. Lkqeb Stakes Mr A. Balinboarg’s ch c The Broker, Sst 101 b . (Saunders) .. .. .. .. .. 1 Mr J. Wilson’s ijan.) b c Silver Kl?g, Sst 101 b (Moore) .. .. .. .. 2 Ur W. Gordon’s ch I Sandal, Ssi 71b (Goghan) ..3 There were only three starters. . Latest betting—Even . money Silver King, 6 to- 4 Broker, 3 .to 1 Sandal. The race from the start was a mere procession, Sandal, Broker, Silver King, until the home turn was reached, where Sandal dropped back, and Silver King bad the lead. ■ Coming Into the straight The Broker again assumed the lead, with Silver King under the whip. Won by a neck. Sandal a bad third, some score lengths away. Time, 3 min. 21 i sec. . „ Goodwood Hasdic/p. Mr W. Gloriat’a b g Lantern, 6st 121 b (D. Nichol son) .. ..... ... .. .. .. 1 Ur K. W. Ellis’ ch h Lord Wilton, 7st Gib (K. Power) .. - .. .. .. .. 2 Mr J. G. field’s ch g The Ghost, :7at 111 b (J. Wiliams) , ... •• .. .. .. 3 The following also started: —Riogwoud, Middleman:)], St. Lawrence, Alphabet, Hazard, Kingship, St. John, Topi z. Duenna, Umberto, Pailleroo, Carbuncle, Ironmaster, Marie Louise, Uucas,. Berkeley. Latest betting—3 to Topaz, 6 to 1 St. Lawrence, 7 to 1 Lord Wilton, 10 to 1 the others. At the start St. John assumed the lead, followed by Failleron, with Hazard, Topaz, Berkeley, Duenna, Marie Louisa, The Ghost, in order, and Kingslip absolutely last. , At the abbattoira Lantern went to the front, followed by Pailleroo, Umberto, and’Topaz, Lantern quickly im proved bis position, aifd at the straight Lord Wilton bad secured second place, with Umberto,. Marie Louise, and The Qhoat next. The Qhost then began to go up, but' Lante-n won in a canter by several lengths, with Lord Wilton and The Qhoat close together for aeoond and third places. Time, 1 min 44 see. SlfiM’ Pbobuob Stakfs. SirT. Bidet’s bg Joanna, B>t 121 b .. ~ j Mr A O. Cooka'a ch o nemos Bst 71b ~ 2 Mr a. K. Edbertfou’s b o The Teacher, Sat 10lb .. 3 Only the three started. Litesf betting:— 3 to 1 on Juanna, 6 to 2 »gst The Teacher, 6 to Remus '- The race was little better than a procession, and Juanna won as she liked by about four lengths, a great-r distance separat ing second and third. Time 1 min 20 arc. Viotobia Handicap. Mr B. Millet’s br m Pyretta,'Sst 7lb ~ -i Mr S Qrseawood’a be h Meander, BiC 4lb ;.**■« Ur J. WhUUDgham’s br m Honora .. i The following also started Velocipede, Umberto, Gymkhana, Surprise, Stafford, Ace, Melodious, Manfred, . Salvo, East; Lynne! 'Agnes; DerUion, Delamia, Miss Merlin, Remus, and .Meevsobaum.La test betting—Btol sgstMeerschaum, 6 any pride utben.:. The raca being ihch a isb'ort one therewaa but little in »od ’the / f»»onto wasout .of it from the start,' Pjtette;M«amed the lesdon the.fall of (heyflag,- end e»mo in an easy winner, Meander end Honor# being close. together for eeoond and. third- place#. Time, 49} are.. 1 -■ ■ ’ >.■■■- ■; ■■■-■ ■ ' : 