THE CHARGE OF POPERY AGAINST A PRESBYTERIAN MINISTER. Further light lias been thrown on this extraordinary case. The Irish Ecclesiastical Gazette reports a recent sermon by the defen dant, the Rev. Dr. Stuart Muir, preached in Hope-Btreet Free Church, Leith. On entering the pulpit, Dr. Muir .said he would read the last chapter of the Revelation of St. John, and remarked that this was one of the mistakes made in the Bible. It should have been the Revelation of Jesus Christ to St. John. In the same way it had been stated that he (Dr.. Mhir) invoked the Virgin Mary in his prayer last Sunday, but he did nothing of the kind, tho.ugh even Gabriel himself in glory , was obliged to take the crown of renown from his. brow to her. There was due to her all that worship and prayer could give; but; in ibis pulpit there was a line of demarcation. Dr. Muir proceeded to reply to certain criticism of which he had been made the subject, when someone near the centre of the church shouted " Hear, hear," and groat interruption ensued. The rev. gentleman said he was protected in; that, church by the law, and upon the slightest interruption those present became subject to: thelaw. It was a criminal offence to inter rupt him in a religious service. In a prayer which followed, and which was read by Dr. Muir in a kneeling position, such expressions occurred as "Son of the Holy Mary, hear us ; " "Holy and ever blessed Mary, thou Mother of our Lord ; " and in saying the words, " This is my body, this is my blood," Dr. Muir touched his forehead.and breast with his right hand. In reference to the House of Lords, he prayed that the " wise among them be . made wiser, and the foolish among them iosb foolish." (Suppressed laughter.) Hav ing ..given out, as by way of text, the 17th verse of the 18th chapter of St. Matthew, " If he neglect to hear the Church, let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican," the preacher asked, "What is a Church?" and said it consisted of all those who had been baptised, and that to be saved it was absolutely necessary to have been baptised. The Church must also be visible and be in unity. - He be lieved in the oneness of the Church; he be lieved, in the holy Catholic Church. The Church must also be supreme— Christ must reign,, not Cmsar. Dr. Muir .said ho was in considerable difficulty a6 to the question," ""Who. is the head, of the; Church ?" He might mention, the great and valued father Lep.;XIII. but ho was only the head of one Church. Dr., Muir concluded. by intimating a- course of lectures on " The, Priest and the/ Confessional," or "The Confessional, and the Priest in the Confessional." Having lived in Rome, and in Paris, he would, he said, be all the better able to treat of the subject. . From other sources wo learn that the com mittee of the Edinburgh Free Presbytery appoiated to deal with the case ofithe Rev. Dr. A. Stuart Muir, Trinity Church, Leitli, who is accused , of " Popish tendencies and practices," held a conference private with the . rev. gentlemen in the Free Church offices. There wgre present the Rev. Thomas Brown, Dean Church (the covener), Principal, Rainy, Professors Laidlawand Smith, the Revs George Macaulay, William Balfour, E. G. Balfour,' and others. The proceedings lasted , nearly an hour and a half, during which a series of written questions referring generally to his utterances in prayers, and sermons, as reported in the newspapers, were put to Dr. Stuart Muir. Some of the questions Dr. Stuart Muir answered forthwith, others he declined to answer, while in some instances- he intimated, a desire, that the queries should be handed to him, in writing for consideration, before giving his replies. . Mr. Brown submitted the following supple mental report : — The committee have to report, in carrying out the, instructions of the Presbytery, that they again met with Dr. Stuart Muir in con ference on the 6th January. As at the former meeting, a series of questions were put, and Dr. Stuart Muir's answers, after being taken down in writing, were read over, and approved by him as correct. In these inquiries the committee felt it to be their duty to give Dr. Muir the fullest opportunity of offering any explanation which he might wish. The qnerihs and answers were to the following effect : — Q. I. In his sermon on December 15, 1884, Dr. Muir is reported to have remarked "That this was the Advent, and that they were for bidden to marry during the holy season." Is this correctly reported ; and if so, who for bade them ? — A. I referred to the Western Church. Q. 2. On the same occasion the following passage occurs In his prayer : — " He asked that the Almighty might suggest to the Prime Minister that he waB now aged — (laughter) — and should leave the reins of office to be taken up by some younger men." Is this correctly reported ? — A. That is very much what I said. Q. 3. In St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, Glasgow, it is reported " that the altar was illuminated with numerous candles, and in cense was burned, whilst the church was decked with evergreens, besides the usual pictures. The Free Church divine, arrayed in black soutane to the heels, over which was a white surplice and a coloured stole, took his position on the right of the altar, and Dr. Gordon on the left. They alternately con ducted the service." Was this bo? Is the dress correctly described ? — A. No. I had no stole. My dress in the pulpit was the same as it is every Sabbath. I used the surplice in prayer. I assisted in the service. Q. 4. In St. Andrew's Church he is said to have Btated in his sermon — " That they did not deny the doctrine of original sin.- If anything -was the symbol of purity it was a sinless child, not before but after baptism. They believed in baptism for the remission of sin. The child when a babe was whiter than snow." Is this report correct ?— A. Yes, with a good deal that wont before explanatory, that there is sin inherent in the child at birth. Sin disappears after baptism. There comes regeneration in the baptism, in the case of as children baptised. Q. 5. In his own pulpit on the following Sabbath (28th December), he is reported to have said "That his personal sympathies wero much more with the Prayer Book of the holy martyr Archbishop Laud than with the one sanctioned by the Church of Knox, Henderson and Chalmers." Did Mr Muir make this statement ? — A. Yes ; but with this correction. "The service of the Church of Knox, Henderson and Chalmers." Q. 6 — a. Dr. Muir, in preaching to his people on 28th December, is reported to have said, "That; he slowly ascended the pulpit while the anthem was being sung. The cele brant (Dr.. Gordon) took his place at the left side of the altar prepared for the unbloody sacrifice. Ho (Dr. Muir) conformed to the usuage of the Episcopal Church, and, raising his right-hand, blessed himself -in the thrice Holy name."— A. As to this last point I could > not say " nay," for I am not very sure. I did not use the words "unbloody" sacrifice in addressing my people. Q. 6 — b. In the Courant of December 29 it is said Dr. Muir offered - the following prayer- in reference to Mr. Gladstone : — "It is said, Lord, lie is very Popisbly inclined. 'Like our selves, he denies that. (Laughter.)- Like' ourselves, Lord,- there may be truth in his denial. , (Renewed laughter.) We deny it, and we.are doing so in truth. The day has been when we read the denial of the great Minister of the Popish tendencies, and we did not think it correct. He was cal umniated and maligned to go to Rome, and to leave; the guiding aud rule of this great nation to other people. But Jie hath not taken the invitation. And we take it for granted that in conscience he is just whore he ought to be." Was this the prayer offered by Dr. . Muir ?— A. The words I used were " calumniated andordered to go to Rome." The quotation is otherwise correct. : What I said was substantially written, but some words were interjected at the time: Q. 6—c. Did Dr. Muir give the following description of , " the Protestant as lie was de lineated in; ' Scripture ?!' — "A- great bodied, groat brained man, a; cleanly-looking man, a man full of truth, love of; the; Church, and of toleration and catholicity..- That was his idea of a Protestant-r—ai man that loved good cheer, that in his own person was unlike. Pharaoh's lean kine, but was fat and full of sap- slaughter)— and always flourishing— a man who lovedi.feasting better than fasting, for he himself did so. It had been said that it was better to, go -to -the house of. mourning than to the house of -feasting ; but lie liked bettor to go to the house of feasting than to the house of mourning. He ffouud that sad ness did not do his heart good, and that joy and sunshine and warmth and friendship and affection and charity made him bettor. He would never die if he could, help it. He would live always if he could. He had no desire to go to the other world. If the Edin burgh Free Presbytery would just let him alone, he was quite satisfied where lie was."— (laughter.)— A. I said that almost verbatim. I followed it up by saying that the Word of God was inconsistent with what I was say ing. It was only my feeling. I merely ; spoke as a natural : man. Dr. Muir further stated, -in answer to a , question, that he fasts in.Lent, but takes dispensations. He had a dispensation from a Romish authority, who is a personal friend, which ho received on his own part as a piece of pleasantry. Q. 7 — a. Is the following statement cor rectly reported : — " It required great teaching and great brain in a man to convinco him that ho was a sinner."— A. Yob, I said that. Q. 7 — b. Did Dr. Muir on last Sabbath say from the pulpit : — " In this world, and to a certain extent in the world to come, penance always followed on sin — a man must bear the penalty of his own sin. He believed in the division the Western Church had made in sin — mortal and venial — deadly and pardonable — and Protestants believed in it, although they did not use these words?"— A. No. I said. I did not agree with the distinctiou made by the Western Church of sins into mortal and venial. Q. 8. Did you say to a gentlemen, whom you met at an hotel in London, that you believed in celibacy and absolution, and that you had laid the foundation-stone of a Roman Catholic chapel in yonr robes ? — A. No. What I stated was, that I do not believe celibacy should bo made compulsory. I do not believe in compulsory priestly absolution. I never Raid tli at I laid the foundation-stone of a Roman Catholic chapel, and I never took part iu such a service. Q. 9. Did Dr. Muir send to the editor of the Courant the following statement " Wo fire informed by the Rev. Dr. A. Stuart Muir that he lias received a letter from the Prime Minister gratefully thanking him for hin prayers, asking a continuation ' of; .them, and promising, after what he had heard of Dr. Muir's ' ' carrying on ' in Glasgow on Christ mas Day; to offer him tlie first vacant bishop: ric. (Laughter.) It is currently reported; however, that the Lord Primate has served an interdict on Dr. Stuart Muir, -forbidding him to accept, even in anticipation,, the promised honour, hinting, however, that ii red hat is on its way to him from the Vatican. (Laughter.) Our correspondent adds that Principal Rainy believes in the report 'regarding the bishopric, but doubts the story as to the rod hat being on its way to Leith ?' — A. I admit that I sent this statement to the Courant. Butitwaa a burlesquo statement. Q. 10 a. There were some questions for merly put to Dr. Muir, to which ho promised to give written answers. Does Dr. Muir de-. clino to answer them ? Or has ho anything to say in regard to them now? Dr. Muir having expressed hip willingness to answer these questions, was interrogated as to the correctness of the report of his prayer, in which ho is represented as having said, " Blessed Eve, mother of us all, far more precious art thou, 0 Virgin. .Thou slialt. bo clothed with honour and glory one day. All nations of our earth shall- with one tongue and heart proclaim thee blessed?"— A. The statement is admitted in substance, but with the explanation that the prayer is to the Son of Mary. The mother is merely apostrophised, I hold her to be a creature, and not divine, and therefore prayer should not be offered to her. Q. 10 b. Did Mr. Muir use these words ?n prayer: " Holy and ever blessed Mary, thou mother -of our Lord ? "—A. I admit that I thus addressed Mary, but I maintain that I never adored her. - Q. 10 c.VDid'Mr. Muir say in, his' sermon. " There was duo to ' her all that worship ' and prayer could give ? "—A. No. t deny that I used these words- " worship- and prayer." I may; have said i' honour and glory."h This is rather stronger than I woujd now be inclined to use. Q. 11. Did Mr. Muir wear a-diamond cross on his breast ; when' he preached in Guthrie Memorial Church ?— -A. I never; appeared in the pulpit with a cross. I hnvo a diamond pin in- the shape -of a cross, which may have, appeared that night. ! . Q. 12. Does Dr. Muir use a calling card with-- la cross upon it ?— A, Yes, and edged with purple. This question was inadvertently omitted from the series by Mr. Brown, and after he had read it along with the answer, at the re quest of a member, Dr.; Muir' informed tlie member, across the table, ' that he would send him a card. - Q. 13. Did Dr. Muir say, " What am I, or what is 'my father's Church; what are you, that I should contradict this great Church ?" —A. I admit that I used such words as these, or similar ones. In many things I- would not be inclined to contradict the Church of Rome. She errs in saying too much, as wo err in say ing too little. I believe in all that the Pope teaches, and I repudiate all that the Pope teaches. That may seem a paradox to you. In like manner, I believe all that Calvin teaches, and repudiate much that he teaches. Q.; 14. Did Dr. Muir say ' to Mr. Murray, the bookseller, that he had received a very abusive' letter from Mr. Macaulay ? Dr. Muir having admitted this in substance, and Mr. Macaulay having- said that he had never written a single line to Dr. Muir, Dr. Muir expressed his great satisfaction that ho; had not published the letter as he had been urged to do. Ho said he had in his possession a letter, dated " 24 Blacket Place," and signed " George Macauley," which must be a forgery. He would hand it to Mr. Brown. Dr. Muir now requested the committee to advise the Presbytery to libel him in the usual way, as ho did not know what he was charged with. At the same time, he stated that he would be quite willing to have an amicable settlement, including his retirement from Leith, but retaining his position as a minister of the Free Church, with his pecuniary posi tion. DR. ETU ART MUIR AND THE "ESCAPED NUN." , miss o'oorman's reply. On January 15th,' Miss Edith O'Gorman lectured before a crowded audience in the Assembly Rooms, Leith, on her convent ex periences. Rev. Mr. Graham, Nowhaven, presided, and the mo ting was opened with prayer by the Rev. Dr. Moir Porteous, Edin- burgh. Miss O'Gorman, at the conclusion of her address, warned Protestants against the inroad of Roman Catholicism and Ritualism. effect of the Reformation had been diminishing in Scotland, she said, and the Free Church was surely falling away when such a wolf in sheep's clothing could be found in it as the man she had challenged to be there that night — Dr. Stuart Muir. (Applause.) Was he there she asked ? She did not know him personality, but if he was, she should like him to stand up and give what proof ho had for what ho had stated on Sunday. (Ap plause.) She hurled his calumnies back in his face. (Applause.) She would only say that if her coming there had done no more than discovering this wolf in sheep's clothing, she had done good enough. (Applause.) If he was not n convert to Romanism he mnst be insane — (hear, hear, and applause) — and that; was, perhaps, the most charitable con-; elusion to come to. If he was not insane the best thing for him to do was to go over to Rome al together and cease tobring scandal onthe Free Church of Scotland. (Applause.) Dr. Moir Porteous, in moving a vote of thanks to the lecturer, said that perhaps a few words were necessary in confutation of Dr. Muir's asper sions. He asked any person who had come in contact with Miss O'Gorman as to whether she was the uneducated person described in the calumnies of the priestB, and simply repeated by this gentleman, and whether she was not the most intelligent, clear-minded, and earnest of Protestants that had been found to uphold Christianity in our land for many a day. (Applause.) Insinuations had been made about the money received at her lectures, and especially the sil ver collections received on Sabbath day- Men who knew nothing of the lady, had never contributed .to her collections, and had never heard lier lectures, had no right whatever to inquire what was done with' the money. (Applause.) He, however, had not the slightest hesitation in stating, for he had followed her steps all over England,' as well as Scotland, rliat Edith O'Gorman Aiiffray had contributed most generously to the maintenance of Christian missions, not only of lier own, the Baptist denomination, but to Protestant and Presby. terian denominations in England and Scotland and Edinburgh. But although not one single farthing of that money had gone to any other mission, yet she herself was promoting ono of the greatest and most necessary missions that any man or woman could undertake. (ApplauBe.) She undertook this mission at great expense and risk, and often loss, and she ought to be rewarded as well as ministers who, some of them with their thousand a- year, did not do half as much. (Applause.) LIFE IN A MONASTERY. The lecture which we now place before our readers, was delivered in Hope Hall, Liver pool, on the evening of January 21st, by the ex-Franciscan monk; the Rev. F. G. Widdows. There was a large audience, and the lecturer was frequently greeted by hearty plaudits; Mr. Widdows is possessed of a remarkable vein of humour, and his unique and sparkling witticisms provoke the risible organs of his auditory and cause many a hearty burst of laughter. The Rev. Mr. Butler, who occupied the chair on the occasion, remarked that their Roman Catholic friends always said that when a person left the Church of Rome, they were villains and were immoral and all that sort of. thing, but if a protestant went over to Rome he was a saint ; so that it; depended upon the nest iri which they ' were hatched. If the protostants made saints, so much the better for- Protestantism; and if the Roman Catholic Church mode villains, and lie could not see how it could make anything else, that went against the place where they were hatched. He boid that Jesus Christ was the biggest protestant that ever lived. He was not ashamed of being called by that name. If ever there was a day when they must cease to have a maudling charity, when they must cease to have complicity with idolatry tacit or active, it was now. They had heard of the asses bridge; pons asinorum, the bridge of the Pontiff. Now he could not understand how any person could believe in transubstantiatiou . who had not become a long-eared animal. He could not think, for the life of him, how any man could believe that that which was consecrated by a priest .was God and .Christl They must unfurl the flag of God's grade, and a living Christ enshrined in human hearts ; for inon , are the temple Of the Holy Ghost, and not bricks and mortar. (Loud applause.) The Rev. F. G. Widdows, who was received with tremendous applause, said ho was very pleased to have a rev. gentleman to take the chair that night; especially whon he had as sured him that lie was acquainted with a num ber of his friends who knew more or less of his history since ho had been a preacher of the gospel. The subject was, " Why I became a monk, and why I ceased to be one." He appeared in his monks dress, first, because he chose it, and secondly it would look very queor to have Widdows running about with out petticoats. (Laughter.) But one reason why he put them on was to show what kind of person ii man looked as a monk: Then he found it convenient to wear the monk's garb, when lie had to illustrate certain things. These (that he then wore) wore not his ele gant robes, but his every day ones. Now it was the young whom they wanted to teach, for if the young of this ago were passed by without boing properly instructed- as their fathers wished, in order that that instruction might be handed down to their, children's children— if they wero not instructed in the grand truths of Christianity, their glory would depart from them, utnl England would bo a prey to her onomics once more. (Loud ap plause.) " Why I became a monk." — There wero a great many reasons he could assure them why he did so. He was born in the city of Nor wich, in the county of Norfolk, in England, on the 15th August, 1850 ; was baptized in infancy by a priest ; and his name was Francis George WiddowB. From his earliest infancy he was always taken to the Roman Catholic Church, or chapel as it was called then, the chapel of St. John the Baptist. As children wore taken with toys and pretty lliings, ho was carried away by the beautiful ritual, the lights and tho incense and the vestments and the services of the chapel. These things made a great impression upon him even as a very little child, as they would, more or less, upon all children. In the year 1859, whon he was a boy of nine years of age lie was being instructed very minutely in his catechism. And speaking of catechisms, if there was one thing more than another that he admired his Catholic friends for, it was the. way in which they instructed their . children in the catechism. Ho wished Protestant parents would take the same trouble in teach ing their children their catechism. They would never forget if they were well taught in their youthful days. The earliest questions in the catechism which he was taught as a child ho remembered to this day. As ah illus tration of what he said being true, ho had seen numbers of boys in tho streetB of Liver pool selling the Echo and the Express and seeing several of them bowing to him and taking off their caps, he had stopped and catechised them and they had readily answered; every question. He had then token a copy of the paper and asked them to read, but they could not read a word, and could only tell' the difference in tho papers by the colour of the paper and the general appearance. But to the honour of the parents be it stated that while their, children had lost their schooling they taught them their prayers and the rudi ments of religion by their catechism. He did not say that being able to repeat the' catechism was religious, any more than the parrot that could repeat tho Ave Maria was a religious bird. Greed was not religion,', neither was religion a creed, but they could) express their religious sentiments ; by. a creed and by creeds and catechisms they could have their children instructed', in the fund a-. f nriimi uUvbllliuO ui vui lObinuiujr xuo blllligo . that you teach your children in childhood are) never forgotten. ! ' In his childhood .the monks were announced ': to come to Norwich, and there %vas a great ' deal of talk about them. He aBked his mother' to take him to see them, and she did so. But when he saw them lie yelled out ) tliat ' they were not monks at all— they were men, they were, priests. ;They were the monks of the Order of the Passion, a very strict order, ! if their rules were rigidly observed. They' were dressed in black and had sandals on their : feet and a leather girdle around their waist,' and they had a three cornered hat just like" Father Boll Cox perhaps wore. (Loud Laugh ter.) When these monks came to Norwich there wasaplatform erected on the side of the altar, a thing which he had never seen beforehand there was a largo crucifix upon it, something like what they would see at St. Nicholas's, near the side choir, near the pulpit. He had gone to have a look to see how popery .was at- Liverpool, for what was . the use of hiiri taking them to Italy. Ho might as well tell them what thoy had got .here as over there. Ho was not finding fault with St. Nicholas' Church ; it was all in tlier line. One of those monks ho referred to, after saying his prayers, went and kissed the foot of the crucifix, pros trated himself and blessed himself with his . right hand, and then announced his text ; and ho preached as man never did preach, J and tho whole congregation looked on with rustic ' simplicity. The lecturer mimicd tho-lobk of ; rustic simplicity in a most comic mariner, with ' mouth wide and eyes staring ; creating roars1 of laughter. This was the look of the con- , gregation, ho said, as the monk, walking back ward and forward, depicted the horrors of purgatory and other terrible punishments, causing the people almost to rise from their seats with excitement. After giving one or two other incidents of his early life, the lecturer passed on to say that when the anglican monk — Father Ignatius— came to Norwich in 1864, he used to go to sing for him,' and he received from him half-a-Crown now ' and again. The lecturer was only a boy then, and ho was never a ; monk under 'Father ' Ignatins, and lie found out afterwards that he was encouraged to go and sing for the anglican monk, in order to act as' an ecclesiastical spy, but he was not, aware of it at the time. The mass in Father Ignatius' church was' conducted just . exactly as it was in the Roman Church, and as a boy he could not tell the difference. They wore Roman Cathplic monks that dedicated him to the : Virgin Mary, and they were Roman Catholic ' monks to, whom he went for confession— not' to Ignatius, nor to his tribe. He loft' home when ho was sixteen years of age, and. ho held up the train of his Grace tho Cardinal of Westminster, at Moorfields' Chapel. He re ceived his card as novice ; and he went to the Italian and other churches. When the time came, lie was sent to Franco, to a monastery1 at Lyons. He there received the cord as a' monk, and he took the name of St. Aloysius, a monk of tho order of St. Francis. The monks rose to matins at two o'clock in the morning, and some of them were in the habit of using as an act of discipline a sort of cat- o'-nine-tails. -The discipline was a work of supererogation. . Every monk took a vow of poverty, chastity, and obedience. As to poverty, they aid not possess even a pin of their own. Suppose ho wore a monk, ho would not call the habit he was wearing his own, or tlie rosary beads, or the cord. He must not say " Bring down my cord," but " tho cord that I wear." But there was a little bit of sham in this. The monks lived well, and there was more real poverty round about them in Liverpool without so many vows about it or without half the nonsense. (Loud applause.) Look at Notre Dame over yonder, where with their vows of poverty they have so much freehold property. (Ap plause.) The cord that he (the lecturer) wore was typical of poverty. St. Francis was a good man. He was one of the reformers of tho Romish Church — not the fanatic that some of the monks would make him out to be. Men would write legends about him when the old fellow could not get up to contradict them. Referring to tho beads attached to his girdle, tho lecturer said they were supposed to say prayers by, and they could say them by the yard or by the mile. (Laughter.) Tho sandals were also a mark of poverty, and the hood was to show that they were shut out as it were from tho world. They died to the world, and left everything behind them, gave up all that which they held most dear, in order that thoy might obtain everlasting life. Ho liked St. Francis's order. First, be cause it was an humble order. St. Francis lived in an age of sin and debauchery. ) He went to the pope, but was rejected ; but St. FranciB got a great many followers, and ho became a leader. . Then lie was recognised and was told that if ho.would behave properly he would be cannonized after death. This was how the Church of Rome understood : human nature. But if they wanted a grand reformation, they must take their stand like Luther and the reformers did, on the Word of God. (Loud applause.) St. Francis tried to reform the abuses of tho day, but lie failed because lie did not bind his 1 followers to) Almighty God, through Christ Jesus. This 'was the secret of success. Tho fact that monks themselves wore divided into a great many denominations, was a proof that they did not lead infallible lives, or impeachable ones either. A man might get into a monastery that lie might get rid of the flesh and the devil, and in order. that he might shut out the flesh and the world, but the -flesh arid tho devil would follow him even there. God forbid _that he should say that WAQ nnf luitltin f lin a1 Ai of avaiI lifnltri rtf the. monasteries of Rome many pious souls, and in-many congregations, and among those1 that attend mass at the Cathedrals.' God1 forbid that there were not many nieri among them who knew Jeeua as ho was with the eyes of faith. Yes, blessed be God, it was true. He did not wish to forget 'some of the happy lives of some of the best of their, priesLs.and some of the best ol their monks when lie was. within their walls. Ho was not quarrelling with individuals. Ho would, give, the, Church ' of "Rome glory where she deserved it ; , at the same time, . God .being. his helper, ho would expose her debaucheries,: and lie: would show where -these debaucheries came from. (Ap-; plause;)! Hp did riot wish' to be possessed with that kind of protestantism which would say, "To hell with the pope and then go and get;drunk over it. (Laughter.) No ; let us have a ' true Christianity. In' the Fran ciscan order there ;woro' many Varieties all having different dresses. And in the monas- ' teries there were all sorts of men. .There, were the fat and the lean, and if they could, see! some) of thorn .they w,ould not think' much of.their humility, and,, they jcould a drop of the— 0, , ho joyful,";— even .if thoy. had ; to drink it in pewters. (Loud laughter.). The Church. of Rome was a wise church, because she understood human nature. ' (A voice — "Cunning.") Yes, that was a very good word, but it was not every porson that was cunningj that was wisk ® The Church of Rome -would advance 1 . everybody and everything that would advance her. How was it that tho con verts that "had gone over .to Rome, such ss Maiming and Newman and' others,' were placed at the head of the sacremontal host of the Catholic elect in this country ? How was it that the car dinal wub an Englishman ? Not because thoy loved him, but simply because they saw in him one who would push tho' old chariot along. . (Applause.) Before infallibility was decreed,® and' tho Italians were watching the procession of bishops to the Vatican,' tlioy discussed tho one and the other as they , passed, and when .Manning came along tlioy said, ' look at him, why he looks as if ho would cut the moon in halves." 'Ho was sure 'to .vote for infallibility." When prostrate bo- ford tho Pope Manning was the last to rise, up, and then ho would bow and bow and say, " Most holy father, most holy father," while others would go to their seats and did not care whethor tho Pope was fallible or infal lible ; hp '(Manning) 'was trying, to gain favor with the pope. And Pope Pius IX, with all ;liis simplicity, believed what Manning had said, that to conquer England was to conquer tho world. And lie know that Manning had preached on the duty and claimed subjection on the part of tho sovereign of the throne, to the humblest subject in her kingdom, to the pope. Ho (the pope) know that Man ning's five lectures had. boon published in, arid that lie had spread them amongst English society, arid this kind of autho rity going amongst' Protestants and es pecially amongst the indifferent, lie will be welcome in ovory socioty, and so said tho pope— " I will make him a cardinal." Manning was an ambitious man, nothing less would satisfy him than a cardinalship, and he would have four boys to carry his train. -Rome would feed his ambition to a certain point, like Richelieu in Franco. Rome would raise these verts to tho third heaven without going through purgatory if thoy would do what she . bid. Then there was Newman. Now, beloved Newman. Ho would rather have Newman's little finger than Cardinal Manning's whole body. If he had seen Romanism in ovory priest as he had seen it in Newman, ho would never have seen the debauchery of Rome. Newman was humble. He had worked him self up to the pitch of his professio'n at Ox ford — who were really responsible to God for his going over to Rome. Newman put tho Bible on one side and studied the fathers of the fathers, and as soon as he had laid down the grand old fathers on one side he took up the fathers of the Romish Church, and ho got bewildered. Their Roman Catholic friends were often saying, Look what a grand scho lar Newman was, and what a man Manning was ; but there were scores of superiors and hundreds of equals to Manning. Newman was a scholar, but ho was blinded because ho , did not seek the truth at the feet of Jesus Christ. (Hear, hear.) They would say, Why had ho gone over to tho Church of Rome. Well, he wouTd give a reason. Like an eagle ho had soared higher than other birds. But stand at the falls of Niagra and watch the eagle while he soared above, and then lots his eye gaze on the majestic scene below ; the magnificent rainbow and. the spray, till at last it seemed to forgot that it had wings, and it falls into , the great waters and is carried down and lpst for ever. So it appeared to be witli Newman. In the midst of his doubt he looked froin the, ; pinnacle, not of piety, but. of learning, and, of . his own knowledge, and he said, " Where is infallible church where, there is no distraction," Pusey arid Keble said they would " Wait till the clouds roll by," but Newman became a Roman Catholic, because like the eagle look ing down . on the magnificence . of Rome, its processions, its grandeur of vestments, and, tho infallibility of its head, and hearing the invitation' of the Jesuits, he drooped his wings and fell into , the gulph. Newinan took with 1 him into the Church of Rome his humility. Just fancy a great ' cardinal who . would not) let a tract go out without submitting it to his superiors. " Newman believed- the Iope wa8 infallible when he tolcl the truth. (Loud laughter.) The drunken man , when lie, was . holding on by tlie lariip post was equally- in- ' fallible. When he.said,; ".This is a lamp post and I am drunk." r The, Church of Rome seeing that Newinan and a great many more were humble, would keep '.them humble.)' The Church nf Rnmn 'woo n. rrranVl- Arrvnniontmn n>UinL w in giuuii .vigoiiionviuu, TViiiuu studied ''human nature, and sho attached it to herself by treating it according to- its , desires! The ambitious man she would exalt, and the humble man she would feed his . humility. The. humble she would humble. until she , got them seven foot below tlio earth. .; (Laughter.) He had seen 'monks whoso bodies bore . ovid-! ence of their ' penance. They would . .drink \- nothing but cold water, arid, they would eat , herbs, and , there would1 be , no, meat allowed them., It 'was said) th'eso .iy : sighs of their Sanctity, and tliey)' believed , the .more pain' thoy) li'ailL' here) .'the loss pain , tiiey) would have in purgatofy. , At one time there , were two monks who got , ii rod of this i humility, as inany of them did, and ono day, when decorating the altar,, arid there was nobody else in' the pi ace, . -one ) say s ! to the other, "Well, brother. Pat, flow' do 'you feel ?" " I'fee.l)lihe)a.'ippi',")TOid)Pat;)).7')How!''db you . feel.?" L.'foel1 just tlie ).Bame,") said) the , other.' ".Look) hore, brother'.' Pat,, have you , ever heard of rin apparition ?!';))" Aye,, troth,'' said; Pat, " many ; a tiino." Well, Pat, if yoii dio ' fir8t will)you) proiniso that you will ' visit ' trio'' when you 'go to . another - . wor|d, try to come and to|l me how you get on. , 'If it is found there ; is no purga tory in the other' world after all, won't we feel like fdols for having punished ourselvos) as we have done in this world." (Laughter.) Then each monk took a solemn vow and swore by the sign of the cross, that if it. were ) possible for one jdoad monk to come and visit this world arid: communicate .with a . live morik and toll how ho got on, he would cer tainly do it. Years passed away, and the monks wore separated. Pat- got refractory, and he was called upon to do certain penance on pain of excommunication if he refused. Now, Pat did not think that what he did was sufficient to call for such punishment, and he refused, and was excommunicated.). Pat died, while excommunicated, and one night he ap peared to his brother monk who had taken the vow with liiin to return and toll how ,ho got on. The other monk stared,, of course, and askod how was it that lie could return, being excoinmunicuted, and what about pur gatory? "Oh," said Pat, " purgatory is only for the faithful, you know, and I went, straight past it." " Whore are you. now, then, Pat, below purgatofy. or a little.above, . or where did you come from ? " ' .".From heaven," said® Pat. " Ave Mary, how did you get in there ? " ) , " Well," said Pat,- "you know I, did not do anything very wrong and . I passed purgatory, and .went up to heaven and knocked, and St. Peter came. '.Oh,! said Peter, : ' got out of that, you spalpeen ; you were excommunicated by my successor, and if Protestants heard that I admitted you, it would be a very great argument against infallibility.' So I, pleaded, that Peter , the first bishop of the Church, would let me in if it was only for the sake of ould Ireland., Peter still refused. I pleaded for the last time, arid not being admitted I got up on the outside" wall, and I crowed three times, and old Peter cume out and said, ' For God's sake don't be reckoning up old.scores against me. (Much laughter.) Let bygones be bygones 5 come in and hold your tongue." (Renewed laughter.) The lecturor said he heard a monk . tell the story in a monastery. With regard to purgatory he would rather believe the words of Christ than the Church of Rome, and Christ said, " Bo thou faithful unto death, and I will give you a crown of life," "There remaineth a rest for tho people of God," " Blessed are the dead who die in. tho Lord." Now it was the faithful who wore prayed for in purgatory. But Christ said, if they were faithful they, would ha-e the crown of life, therefore they , did not want prayers. On the other hand, if.,, they were unfaithful, tho bible, said, " Ho.) that is unjust shall be unjust still ; lie that is filthy shall bo filthy still," and. therefore all > the prayers in tlie world could not help them. In either case purgatory was not required ; but it would exist as long as there woro . people who would fill the purse of the Churoh by having prayers said for the dead. Tho . high price would have high mass, and the low ' price low mass, and no price no . mass at all. (Applause.) (To he continued.) STRIKES IN THE UNITED STATES.— ; ! Extensive strikes of railway servants are reported to. have occurred) on s, the Mjssouri Pacific. Railway and . tho ; connecting lines, ; ; seriously interfering with) the goods traffic.; ) Tho steady reduction of the men's pay, bring-,), ing their wages down to almost, starvation.,, -joint, has caused, this trouble. ..Troops, are;, jeing sent by the Governor of Missouri to prevent disturbances. Ten thousand colliers: are " out " in the Pittsburg district, dotnanding) , three cents per bushel for .coalmining. The news of several proposed resumptions of. work at Western iron .mills .indicates that, trade is . improving,, though gi virig a .small) margin for , profit. The strike, of rail way) spr vari ts, agaiiist : ; tho reductions in wages is.. general , through-; , out the South-west. t It affects-all. Mr.Gould's South-western system— namely) the Wabash, St. Louis, and Pacific, .Missouri , Pacific, .and Taxas and Pacific' Railroads, ) with 'the con- necting lines. . ;The popular system with the strikers appears to) be strong! .the belief being that their wages.have been forced to too low ; a point. : The Illinois Legislature has passed a , resolution of sympathy witli the Wabash strikers. The goods traffic, is, at a standstill on all these 'railroads, . extending: through Illinois, Missouri, Iowa, Kansas, Texas, Ar- kansas, and Louisiana. " Freight blockades.'',.; are reported from New Orleaus, Shreveport, St. Louis, and other south-western ra|l way centres. : . The strikers! maintain the. peace, limiting their, obstruction to stopping the goods trains, while passenger trains are -permitted) to move.' on. . ; The Missouri Pacific officials are refusing to take goods for transport at St. Louis .and else- whorft find nrA nlon rliflf>hni'mnfr fhatr urAflnnnn The Governor of Missouri has sent 150 sol- . , diers to Sedalia to guard the railway property Tho Governor of Kansas) lias summoned a , meeting of rail way commissions to advise him. ., ' as to the action to' be taken. The Governor of Texas bias issued a .proclamation .warning the men agairist usirigVyiolbnco. ' The strikers are. everywhere orderly, declaring that , they have only rebelled against Mr. Jay Gould's . efforts to V make them paupers, The, strike covers. 10,000 mile3 of railway. . ! ' BLOODY SWEAT. — This rare affection, which has a|ways excited in a high degreevthe interest and attorifibri of medical observers, consists essentially of a hoinorrhagefroin the unbroken surface, of) the) skin.- - But) inasmuch as it takes place )ffoin tlio network of :sm ill- ; vessels .which' surround the sweat-glands, and ; makes it ap'pqararicp through the opening, of m the sweat-ducts) it, is not inappropriately, ) after all, riairied " bloody-sweat." The dis- , charge is generally i u ternii tton t, or . at least , . remittent, and, paroxysmal in its natrire, .the;,- ' intervals varying from a few hours to months. Sometimes it is. pure blood, which coagulates ; ; in crusts .or. goutB upon tho surface, aoma-:) times it is so intermixed with serum or the. porspiratory fluid as to be .merely a more or deeply-coloured- bloody liquid. Its) extent, varies extremely ; it may make its, appearance. , over the. whole or riearly the whole of the ; surface of the. body, but more commonly it ; is confined to soino selected regions, generally : those in which the skin is thin and delicate. . It most frequently appears as a more or loss ; copious and continued oozing from the sur face, which, when wiped away, rapidly or slowly re-appears frorri numerous minute or.. iudistinguisliable points, but it has been seea to spririg up in a) distinct jet from, the sur- : : face. It is ofton associated with eruptions .upon the! skin) but. quite -as often there is. nothing of- the, kind. Every ago and both sexes have. fumishpd examples of it, though . it is most common in females, and especially iri nervous and hysterical women. Bloody swoat may be produced by ovcrwlieliniug mental emotions, and marks the acmo of such perturbing passions as terror, anguish, des- . pair, &C.;—J. It. Poolcy, M.D., in Popular Science Monthly. Ours m tlie Souaan. OFFEnED FOR SERVICE IN INDIA. The camel coritingent of the Australiaa. . contingent, numbering 50 men, under Lieut. Sparrow, returned to Suakim to join tho cavalry corps which has , boon formed, and which 8i nee has advanced to the front. The health. of the men is.excellont,: but foars are , entortainod that the summer season may mako camp life unhealthy. The railway line has been now extended, close to Otao, and trains run regularly to and from Suakim. The New South- Wales infantry arrived at Otao on the 24th April without opposition. The Coldstream Guards occupy the Zareba there, and the Scots Guards hold Tambuk. Tho camp at Otao was fired on, on the nights of tlio 25th and; 26th by small parties.of Arabs among the hills. A mulodrivor was wounded, but none of the N.S. Welshmen wore hit. The Guards re turned the fire, and the friendly Arabs pur sued the rebels into the hills. About one- third of tho N.S. W. infantry, nearly all the ambulance corps, and the great majority of the artillery are ready to volun teer for service in India. Tiio whole of the force are ready to volunteer for service if ordered. In its present state the N.S.W. ArLillery are almost useless, and the idea is that tho guas should be roturned, and the men formed into a batalion of mounted infantry to accompany the regular infantry to the front. The Commandant highly favours the sugges tion, but for the present delayB taking action in the matter owing to the uncertainty of future movements. On Monday last, at a meeting of the Cabinet, a minute of the Hon. Mr. Dalley wbb agreed to, and the services of the N. S. Wales Contingent in tho Soudan wero offered to the Imperial Government, in India or the Mediterranean, upon the same terras as at present, subject to the willingness of the men to volunteer. The Agent-General was at once informed by cable, and another mes sage was sent to Colonel Richardson, com manding tho N. S. Wales men in the Soudan, as follows : — "Sydney, 25tb April, 1885. "To-day cabled to England tnat if Con tingent volunteers for service in India or eiBewhere, we will maintain them there as wo undertook to do in Egypt. Same course as to occupation of any place for service in Mediterranean. All depends upon voluntary act of Contingent. Communicate with General on thiB subject. Of course, membeis of Contingent who desire to return will be brought back at the expense of the colony. Reply at once. " (Signed) William Bede Dalley." The following cablegram from the Agent- General was received by Mr. Dalley at 1 o'clock yesterday : — " Her Majesty's Government cordially ac cepts patriotic offer of Now South Wales Go vernment. Contingent will remain in Egypt with the British troops similarly set free for service elsewhere, as occasion may demand." A reply to this message was also sent to Colonel Richardson for his guidance. The Imperial Government iB greatly pleased with the offer of tho N.S.W. contingent for duty anywhere the authorities may think fit. It is probable they will be brigaded with the Guards, but their ultimate disposal is not known. The Colonial Secretary received an intima tion on Wednesday through the Agent- General, that it had been resolved at a meet ing of tlie managers of the Imperial Egyptian War Fund, at which' the Earl of Wemyss and March presided, that tho privileges of the fund should be extended to our soldiers serv ing in! the Soudan with her Majesty's regular troops. The force of marines operating under General Sir Gerald Graham, having received orders to return to England, has embarked. It has been definitely decided that the construction of the railway shall be dis continued so soon as Otao has been reached. "A reconnaissance in force was to bo made last Thursday from two points, with the object of capturing Osman Digna. The Coldstream Guards and the Australian troops will form one division, and they will advance from Otao. " Why Turn to tlie East? " No II. Rev. H ely H. A. Smith. (In the English ' Churchman.) In last week's issue I dealt with tho unreason ableness of turning to the East at the Creed. Let us now consider what authority there is for the officiating minister standing with his back to the people while consecrating: the elements ; for his adopting what is usu ally known as the Eastward Position. In the first place all that was urged aB to the correctness of the reasons attempted for turning to the East at all in religious cere monies of course equally applies to the pro- sent subject ; but in the Eastward- Position additional issues are involved.; It 'is well known, and indeed avowed, that the doctrine of -'the Real ! Presence is contended for when the " celebrant," (as ho is called, though there is no Church sanctity for tho term); turns his embroidered back on the congregation. Mr. Gladstone, in his pamphlet, " Is the Church of England worth preserving ?" says and says truly, " It is held, and held on both sides, by persons not inconsiderable either in weight or number, that if the priest looks eastward (or rather to the table, as the throno on which Christ is) at this point of the ser vice, lie thereby affirms :the doctrines of the Real Presenee and the Eucharistic Sacrifice, but that if,, on the contrary,' he takes his place at the; north end of the altar or table lie ' therefore puts a negative on those doc- rines" (p. 195). It is asserted, .moreover, that the practice is founded on the instruc tions of the rubric. The latter point is now to be tested ; the argument must "be step by step. By carefully examining the rubrics we can establish three points ( which, taken together, entirely upset the assertion of the Sacerdo- tolista that tlie rubric enjoins the Eastward position. Wo can even prove that tho rubrics render such a position aotually impossible. These points stand out bb distinctly. as the pyramids from the Egyptian desert stand out against the sky for all who will take the trouble to open their' prayer-books and test them by the rubric ; but wo' must remember that even the pyramids would be invisible to those who shut their eyes or look 'another another way. Tho points are ' Tst.— Tho situation of the' Communion Table. , " y 2nd. — The position of the Table. ' 3rd.— I he position and posture "of the ^min ister "during the administration ' of the Holy Communion. ' The situation of the Lord's Table, if tho rubric were strictly adhered to, would bo either in tlio bodj' of tho ' 'Church-' or , in tho middle of the chancel. ' ' ! Its position in this . situation : would be lengthwise — that is, its length horth' and south. The position 'of the minister would be at tho north side throughout the service — now kneoliug, now standing, now turning to the people and facing the west, now turning to the_ table and facing tbe south, but never fucing the east. First as to the situation of the Lord's Table — take the following rubric, and see what it directs and what it implies : — The Table, at the Communion time , hav ing a fair white linen cloth, upon it, shall stand in the Body of the Church, or in the Chancel, where Morning and Evening Prayer are appointed to be said. And the Priest , standing at the North side of the Table, shall say the Lord's Prayer, with the Collect folloiv- ing, the people hneeling. What this rubric directs as to the situation of the table at Communion time, it was to be placed in the body of church, but with the alternative of standing in tho chancel — that is, in the middle of tho chancel. This alter native being allowed, only because in moBt cathedrals and many large churches, the morning and evening prayer were said in the chancel. Hence, if there were a convenient space in our modern churches for the table in the nave or body of the church, such would be its proper rubrical position — not even in the chancel — much less within rails, and certainly tbe table has no right rubrically to bo against the East wall. Archbishop Laud, when Dean of Gloucester, was the first to violate the rubric, and cause his own Com munion Table to be fixed nltarwise at the East end of his cathedral, and a terrible commotion he rnnde by so doing. The Bishop said he would never enter the church again if he made the alteration, and the Bishop kept his word, too. (Observe here, and it is an important point, that this' proves that the Dean, not the Bishop, has ever been held supreme in the Cathedral.) And now, having seen what this rubric directs, let us notice what it implies. It implies what the table was, an easily movable piece of furniture. What a contrast to the " high altar," which, oven if not of stone, iB in many Ritualistic churches of the day made as cumbersome and as unlike n table as possible, which is approached by a series of stops, and which is doubly fenced off from any intrusion by screen and rails. It implies also that the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper,, instead of being converted into a mystery, was to be celebrated where everything said rand' done could be easiest heard and seen by tho con gregation. So much then for the situation pf table according to the rubric, viz. In the Body of tho Church by preference— but if more convenient for the congregation to hear and see all that was going on— in the Chancel, : that Jb, tbe middle of the Chancel. Is not this as plain as a pyramid ? Secondly, what was intended to bo the position of the table thus situated ? Clearly it was to be not across, but lengthwise ; that is, the two sides of the table parallel to the north and south walls of the Church, and the end of tho tables towards the east and west. There would probably not be room in the majority of churches to admit of the table being placed across the aisle. Then the rubric directs that the minister is to stand at the north side— it would have said north end, not sido, if the ends had been north and south, but the fact is. there was no north end con- templated ; therefore, the expression is north side. Then, in addition to the argument from convenience and in the wording of the rubric, we have the conclusive evidence of the prints of the period, which represent the Commu nion Table in the middle of the chancel, with its length parallel with , that of tbe church'. Thus, this brings the matter out of the range of speculation into the sphere of proof. Thirdly, what whs to be the position and: posture of the officiating minister ? It , is quite evident he was intended to remain at the north side during the whole of the Communion Service, including, of course, the Prayer of the Consecration. He is instructed when he is to kheet, and when he is to stand— -when he is to turn to the people, that is, to face west with the table on his left , hand, and when he is to stand before or facing the table, looking across its width in the direction of tlie south wall of the chancel. Far the sake of uniformity of practice, and to prevent confu sion arising, it was almost necessary that one side should be selected fof tho minister 'to stand at, and the north side was selected! rather than preferred; for the Reformers attached no sanctity to any particular point of the com pass. Read the rubrics by the light of what lias been already proved as to the situation and position of tho table, and no other inter pretation can possibly be put upon them ; moreover, here again old engravings come to our aid ; they represent the minister, not in Eucharistic vestments, but in a full surplice, " a comely surplice with sleeves," standing or kneeling at the north side of the table length wise in the middle of the chancel. This again places tlie question out of tho range of argu ment, and brings it within the sphere of truth. :; We conclude, therefore, that in the expres sion, " Standing before the Table," the whole emphasis is on the word " standing." In the preceding rubric the minister had boon in structed- to kneel. The word "hofore," in \- fact, is simply equivalent to " facing." Wheatly sajrs, " Bishop Beveridgo has shown that wherever, ' in the ancient: liturgies, the minister is directed to stand before the altar, ' the north side of it iB always meant." ; Lastly, let us not omit the object of this standing— it is, that ho may "break with more readiness and decency the bread beforo the people; and take the cup in liis hand." The fubries imply1 tliat all is to bo done, not only ! de'echtly and reverently, but in an opon, straightforward, upright manner — no genu flections, no prostrations or posturings, no magic passes, mumblings, and incantations, no mystery, but everything to be done beforo the eyes and tho hearing of tho congregation in the most conspicuous and audible manner possible. It would lengthen this article too much to quote the arguments brought forth by learned counsel, and the decisions of judges in the ecclesiastical courts, and indeed it is almost better to keep the question free from all technicalities. It is all important that the people of England should judge for them selves in matters of this kind. Let them con sult their Biblos for Bible teaching, and their Prayer- Books for Church teaching, and there will be no fear of their taking up Ritualistic vagaries, or being imposed on by the assump tions and assertions of priestcraft. Next week I propose to consider the much debated ornaments rubric. 