THE COUSINS; OB, THE F/UD8E HEART AND THE TRUE. CHAPTEB XLVI.— The Second Conquest. The winter came, sharp and cold, while Virginia lay ill; for the fever left her help Jess as a child, and the physician said that without great care ehe most sink into a de cline. This he suggested to Cora, early in the season. Her system hefi&id; h&d; received some great shook and refused to rally its strength again. Unless something could be done to Interest her, Ms skill would be of little avail. Cora haunted that sick chamber with the pertinacity of a professed nurse, though warned by Eunice again and again that ner presence was hurtful to the patient. Fortunately for Virginia, this affectionate farce only lasted two or three weeks, for after that time Cora persuaded Mrs. Lander to go with her to the city, and took up her residence in their old rooms at the hotel. She learned, with infinite satisfaction that Clarence Brooks had taken rooms there for the season. This was true, but Brooks had no idea that Cora had made this house her stopping place, and was surprised when, they met in. the public drawing-room one day some few weeks after Seymour's trial. He strove to inquire after the welfare of her cousin with composure, but hiB voice shook in spite of himself, and he again thanked Heaven that Cora was ignorant of the deep cause of interest he had in that unhappy girL She answered him very quietly and with every appearance of unconsciousness that Virginia had been quite ill. Some disap pointment seemed to have thrown her into a fever. Probably the person who had given them all such uneasiness had abandoned his pursuit of her after attaining the money he wanted. She could only guess at this. But her cousin had been taken much worse fefter the boy who had been there once before came a second time with a letter, and for a few days was confined to her loom. There was no doubt some tendency to insanity in all this, for Viaginia had taken the most unaccountable dislike both to her end her mother. As for herself, it was not strange ; but a kinder mother never lived than her aunt Lander. So bitter had this antipathy become at last, that the physi cian made it a particular request that they should both leave the house until some change took place. This was the reason why they had come down to the city. She wished people to understand all this, because it might seem unfeeling in a mother to leave heftchild in her sickness if all the facts were not explained. The whole affair had been [Very painful both to herself and her aunt. Clarence Brooks had no reason to doubt all this; he believed that no human being bat himself knew of the identity of Sey mour with the man who had robbed him. He was also certain that Cora had no know ledge of his engagement, or even ac quaintance with Virginia ; the man ner and conversation of Cora Lander convinced him of her ignorance. In this respect, it was fortunate that Ellen was so (Completely at variance with Cora and Mrs. i Lander. That romance of the ravine, the sweetest of his life while it lasted, was jSacfred to himself, and shared only by these i,wo lovely girls. Of course Virginia was gad ; of course she must feel the absence or, if she knew it, the incarceration of her lover ?with such anguish as might throw her on a edek bed. But this was the natural result of her own mad infatuation; no human help could protect her from it. She bad been wrested from this bad man by an act of legal power that made .his heart ache when he thought of it ; yet, under the same circumstances:, he would have done it again, even though the girl had never been dear to himself , Com was Tory sweet and gentle when they met ; you would have thought Virginia had appeared over again from her manners, for never on this earth was there a better actress lost to the stage. At her instigation Mrs. Lander invited Brooks to their par lor. There was no visible reason why he should not accept this invitation to intimacy with Amos Lander's daughter. ' The trea chery of his niece could not reach that fair being. Had not hi* dear friend warned him against one and invited his love for the otter. . He went to that pleasant parlor again and' again, He «aw that singularly gifted being in all the phases of her loveliness. There was no struggle in his bosom then; never in this world .was there a. more willing vic tim. If ttneertain of his own feelings, he soon became vividly conscious of hers, for, with all her art, the creature could not con ceal ihe absorbing passion that had entered her neairt with sunk irresistible ^ ;po#er. Cora Lander vas rigutfc one thing; she bad found her msiter passion in this love for Clarence Brooks, I bam m heart to give &e; details -«f, that ^Icdd t»utsbip. The old iniinudy revived, those tiro per sons spent naif their t^e together ; for Cora, itul pleaded h-er mocunoing^ sjiaunise lor aroidanoe ofgeneral cotne^ She s«nt for BlackbiiA #^ alniort ev^ afternoon a pair.ox dmbk no»iSes, wjxn vwo ?oil tne - nnesc ? 15^«^-;inB^_«^r:5a^en ^^^'^c^dbiin^i 1&i;^£eaenfyl^ btfrMs ttt* ntt*0& to Ife© di*tingttished» looking foreigner who was for ever by her side. ' . ' „ . '* As thd spring came on, this . minor was confirmed by the dressmakers and furnish ing house where fhe wedding paraphernalia was being prepared. All thiB time Virginia was worse ^fchaii invalid ; ehe received no company, and heard nothing that was g-us£4m «a V&e; -out-door world; those wii© taw her believed that a few months wooMepd it life that from tab given cause seemed toh&ve; become wearisome to that fair young creator©, and a, burden that she feroura. not long he troubled with. One day, early in Hi© last JnonlSi of spring, Brian Nolan went from New York io -see Ellen, who received him upstairs in Virginia's parlor; she, poor girl, lying pale -aad feeble on the bed in her own room. But the door was open, and the great bouse eo ©till, ifa&fc; almost every word could reach her from &e; parlor. Ellen, had finished her book during the winter, and it lay on her desk, sealed in a large package, which she was anxious to put in some publisher's hands. There was no great vigor of life about Ellen in those days. Her slight figure had fallen away with con stant watching and severe thought; her eyes were almost wild with anxiety, and sne was constantly giving little nervous starts, as if apprehending come evil every minute. Brian, noticing the wan looks of Ellen, inquired if she was ill. Ellen replied that she was Borrowing on account o% the illness of her mistress. The brother, under the impression that Virginia was married to Seymour, attributed her illness to her anxiety on account of his absence^ and whispered to Ellen the sad information that their brother Alfred was in prison at the instance of Clarence Brooks for purloin ing money from that gentleman. Ellen was greatly distressed at hearing this, and was very severe in denouncing Brooks, but Brian exonerated that gentle man from blame, saying that there was some mystery connected with, the affair which he could not solve. After some further conversation, Brian went away, Ellen accompanying him down to the depot, said waiting till the train took Iiim lip. About a week after this, Eunice inter cepted Ellen as she was coming in from the garden. 'Come here,' ehe said, * I've got a letter from Mrs. Eliza Lander. Bead it, but don't say a word to her.' Ellen read the letter. It told Eunice, as a matter to be kept secret in the household, of Cora's approaching marriage. 'Every thing is getting ready,' it said ; ' Cora's first year of mourning will be more than over in June, when the wedding will take place at the. mansion. She wishes you to have the house put in perfect order. Hire extra help, and tell the gardener to put on a double force if the grounds require it. The wedding will be a large one and some of the first people -in the land will be present. There is one thine that troubles my niece. and I share her anxiety. What can be done with my — with Virginia and her uncouth friend ? If she would only consent to live in the city. Cora has such a lovely house ; it belonged to Mr. Lander ; she will give her a deed of it^ if that will suit her for a residence. She can choose her own servants and have some nice elderly person to live with her. The house has just been beautifully fitted, np, Cora tells me, especially for her cousin. I have been over it, and it is superb. There is a colored woman in charge now ; but Cora will send her off and let her cousin have ifull sway. I think this is very 'liberal — don't you, Eunice ? If you like it, would you ob ject to speaking to her about the arrange ment? Now that a strange gentleman is coming into the family, it does seem best that something should be done. I wouldn't speak to her myself about it, nor would Cora, she is so sensitive ; but you will not mind it, I am sure, Eunice. Do try and get that girl with the back to favor this mea sure. She can do anything with Virginia. E. Lakdee.' ' What do I think of that ?' cried Eunice, when Ellen had read the letter through. Jehosaphat, Judas Iscarrot and Nebbecud nezzer rolled into one heap of wickedness. Eliza Lander's getting to be disgusting. Don't look at me, I'm blushing all over for her. It's scandalous.' * Still my young lady must go. It would kill her to remain here.' ' But it is turning her out of doors. This city house that the critter has been a fixing up isn't her home like this, though it is a purty place.' ' She will not go there, Eunice, I am sure of that. But she has some money. We raised it on those jewels — blesa you for get ting them.' Afterpartingfrom Eunice, Ellen as tenderly and judiciously as possible informed Vir ginia of the purport of Mrs. Lander's letter ; and the lovely invalid received the intelli gence with far more composure than ever Ellen had expected, only Baying, when Ellen nad stigmatised Clarence Brooks as cruel, dishonorable, and vile — *tfo, Ellen; in that you wrong Clarence, wrong me, if you think I can' believe such things of him. It is my cousin-— I will not curse her or blame him. Let us go away, my friend. You are right, let us go away. She took my inheritance and I was powerless to defend it. She has taken the heart from my bosom now and crushed out all its life. Still I am powerless. But some day he will learn the truth, whatever that wicked truth maybe; then she will suffer as I do. I do not ask it — I do not wish it, but God is above alL' Measures were forthwith adopted to secure a quiet residence for Virginia and Ellen, for the former resolutely refused to take up Her abode at the Lander house in the city; and Joshua Hurtf was dispatched, to a respect able widow's house on the Sing-Sing road, to nrake arrangement* for accommodating Virginia and her friend. Matters being satisfactorily accomplished by Joshua, Vir ginia, accompanted by Ellen, left her own splendid dwelling to pako tip her abode In & more humble residenoe. About a fortnight after their removal, pilen visited one of the p^ci]^ -publishing houses in J^ew^E^l^;*na going up to a gen^ tleman .who aj^Niired to Tm in * prominent position in Hha establishment, '-'$&e;$meij&$i.' him with the manusoript of her book. The f^Blwman, auor putting Bevsrai quescions to&Di;^whioh^ #W jter tot leave %%i:]fumiut^p^, ^&iui;|to* timation would be sent to her inline time of the reception it mot with. So EllenJtft the book, and went back to the little house in the Sing-Sing road, A few iSays afterwards, 'Virginia aildEBen' were iur$rised to See Jeshtui Hard ctfmei riding on 'horseback, and leading Snowball, by the bridle to tfce fiddf of their lodging- j house. Joshua inSoTmed Virginia that the doefor had ordered &im; to bring the splendid ~«ni*aal %a its own mistress, so &&& ihe in valid lady might take morning rides, which , would conduce greatly to the restoration of her health. Virginia Bent her thanks by Joshua to the doctor, weA $ut an practice Ms recommendation Iby daily excursions oh her beautiful palfrey. ? A& this time, Ellen, Traknswn to Virginia, . made an unsuccessful -attempt tb obtain the' pardon of her brother Alfred. She waited; on the Governor t-f JRew York, and made an earnest «aul touching appeal in behalf tof her imprisoned fcroOTfer, pleading that though guilty, tliere were Borne ex tenuating circumstances -eonaected with her brother's crime, ihslb -&aght; to weigh in his favor. The Grovemior listened to her with tender interest, being deeply affected ; stil he informed tier tthat tie could not at present make any promise that her appeal would be acceded to On returning from ier interview with the Croveraor, Eilen called at the publish ing establishment where ehe had left her book, and was inlarmted that her- manu script had been accepted with warm praise, and in a few weeks it would be published. This was a bright ray in Ellen's darkness. CHAPTER XLVH. — Death ik the Log Cabut. Cora Lander had been a pood deal into society during the latter part of her sea son in town. With, ter great beauty 4nd reputation for enormous wealth, there was no difficulty in taking her position ib fashion able life. It came and lay down at her feet. Hundreds of the highest among the high fol lowed her and her bridegroom to that man sion on the Hudson, where the marriage ceremony was to be performed with a splen dor that had never been witnessed in this country before. A glorious moon flooded that cletr summer evening with its light, and flashed, like rippling quicksilver, along the river as the train tore along1 its banks. The sound of laughter, and low, sweet voices softened the noise of the engine and the rattle of wheels to those within the cars, as that wedding party was whirled onward almost with the speed of lightning. All at once t&at; white house, with all its stately trees, drooping shrubbtery end cluster ing vines, illuminated as with ten thousand stars, burst upon the view. The marble colonnade shone out clear and white, all its fluted pillars well defined, and the long white leaves of their Corinthian capitals tangled in, as it seemed, with wreaths of fire. The roses were in full bloom, loading the air with fragrance; such fruit trees as grew near were lighted up, and their blos soms fell around the hanging lamps like gsjrlaaods of fenow. From the terrace stairs to the front of the building a -broad pathway of crimson carpeting was laid, - bordered on each side with greenhouse plants, massed till their blossoms seemed one tangle of flowers from the step to the colonnade. Within everything was in stately keeping with the exterior; all the rooms, on which j Mrs. Lander had lavished so much money, were flung open. l.he air penetrated them : through clouds of lace. Some were bril-^ liantly lighted, others left in a soft moon- j light obscurity, inviting repose. The colors ? in each room contrasted or harmonized with : the next so imperceptibly that they could j hardly be separated in the mind, but com posed one grand picture of light, rich .color ing and artistic effect. When the company came pouring into these rooms, chatting, laughing, brilliant with expectations, it only added a movement of graceful life without in the least crowd ing them. The Beautiful women moving to and fro seemed like lost Peris that had found a new way back to Paradise and were re joicing over it. This crowd of gay people had cense rather early, scattering themselves about the rooms and the grounds, as previously arranged. The ceremony would not come off before 11 o'clock. Then the supper rooms would be thrown open,, and there would be dancing for those who like it. The whole affairwas, in fact, one grand reception. Mrs. Lander received the guests in a dress of silver gray satin, clouded with Brussels point, that swept the carpet in a train absolutely regal. She had cast off her nervousness and threw life into a scene which was her highest idea of happiness. While all this fashion and beauty were passing in and out of the lower rooms, Cora stood in the chamber of which she had so ruthlessly defrauded her cousin, ready for her . second marriage. Excitement had rendered her more than beautiful; her cheeks were burning with rose tints; the rich tresses, rolled back from her forehead, fairly flung off the light. The satin ' robe fell around her as snow settles to- its place, and swept the floor in long, sumptuous folds: She held thai bridal veil in her hand, and was directing the attendant how to arrange it in her hair with perfect art and seeming negligence,' when a servant knocked at the door. * See what it is,' she said, * surely it cannot be time !' . . The woman opened the door, and brought back a note, which the servant said a strange man had delivered, with directions that it should be given into her own hands at once. Cora tore the note open impatiently ; she was annoyed by the delay it occasioned. This was what she read : ' I am at the log cabin waiting for you. H you fail to come at once, I shall stand by your side at 11 o'clock. ? YoUfc HtfSBAHD.' Cora Lander neither fainted away nor uttered one sound of the terrible dread that seised upon her. She folded the note and held it firmly in her hand. Then turning to the woman, she bade her unlace the cor sage of her dress ; it was rather tight, and she would let ^fhe dressmaker, who was in attendance from the city, alter it a little, -fcWfera fa 'Blantv -rf time. She took sn her watch irom the dressing-table and made gore ntf tt^f h£l we* about 10 oVslock. ^ Tbi womiuBil-beyed,and ina few moments Oora oa^ o^til iheae voluminous folds of satin «s^,«ii^/liad just escaped from a *Snpt#^tiie drees to Mrs\ Green?1 inquired the maid. ?Ye» toll h#« *» Ub the drtw oui the least in the world. Give me that Bcarf. I will -ottead 4o eomething «fee while -she finishes it. There aassdrfeSBers *h* one to -dea*h. 4 wiU ring w1bb» jpra «re wasted «gfi*H.' SCSae woman went out carrying ihe 'dress carefully on. her arm. The momdiifc eTie was g«tne, Cora stepped into the next room, 'stiatcfied -up tine 4bfeSB 't&a; issA flung off (before commencing irer toilet, and $-nt it on. Across one -if the ^cfhaais hung a Isee shawl, wMch^ts haa-tvorn in Mxe gi-ouDilB that afternoon. She iferew 4iis over &er; fcead, gathering it up in Sows -about !her 'bosom, widen scarcely seemed to rise or fall with human life. The last thing she did in fbat room was to open a dranrer df ilbe dressmg table%B& take out a small ipistol, «earcely more $h»n. a toy* which .nad been given her «/t &» Bian'sfectory in Hartford as a beautiful specimen of its -workmanship, once when Amos Lander had -taken her and Virginia over the works there.: It was loaded, for one day «he had given it to Joshua Hard to put in order, and he sent it back ready for use. She put this in her pocket, anU iidwiher voice was heard for the first time since t;he 5naad went -out. ' I will kill him. H lie attempts it, I will kill him.' You would not have knovra that voice — you would -hardly hawe recognised the womaa'6 face as she -went out of her chamber and made for a flight of backstairs leading to a passage way near the kitchen. Once in the open air, she paused, hold ing her breath, if indeed she could be said to breathe at all. Sow she hated1 that bright illumination, which made the tiniest flowers in *he thickets visible $ for it had filled the grounds with her wedding guests, who Were walking, chatting, or gathering roses in ihe beautiful light which fell around them, half moonbeams and half fire. The woman had tio time to wait hesitating there. She gathered the black lace over her head, and took a somewhat shadowy course by the stables. Then she skirted the stone wall and ran toward 'the ravine, passing through die shadows -roth, swift stillness as if she had eeena epmtfof the night fleeing in search of perfect darkness. As she went Cora tore her husband's note into fragments and cast it to the winds. A man was waiting for her in the log cabin; the moonlight lay upon his face as he looked out of the window, revealing its fixed and terrible whiteness. Kot twenty-four hours before he had been in one of the prison ceils at Sing-Sing, but the Governor was haunted by the words and looks of that hunchbacked girl so persistently, that his great, generous heart spoke out in spite of legal forms, and a pardon set the young man free. Seymour went first to his sister, full of eager gratitude ; for had she not given him back to his wife and spared her the misery of knowing how unworthy he was ? Ellen told him of the wedding, bitterly, for she almost hated Clarence Brooks and. the girl he -was about to marry. But she did not dream of the awful blow her words dealt on the unhappy man who had just come out of his imprisonment; indeed the resentment she felt towards these two per sons must have been overpowering, to break through the joy that filled her heart when she knew of a certainty that her brother was free, and through hef inter cession. Seymour left her withont a word, but looking deathly. He had no time to lose ; the sun was already verging towards the west. While Ellen stood where he had left her, lost in painful wonder, Brian came up. He had gone to the prison, hoping to see his brother, and there heard of his pardon. Knowing well where he would go first the happy youth followed him to Ellen's resi dence. \- ' Where is he ? Has he gone in there — ; was she glad? ISow, now, Ellen, she will get Well again. It was only the pining.9 Brian was bo full of joy that he forgot his promise — forgot that Ellen was still ignorant of their brother's marriage. * What do you mean, Brian ? What does all this mean? Alfred came to see me, beaming with happiness, and left me like a ghost when I told him that this was Clarence Brooks and Dora Lander's wedding day.' * And he did not see her ?' ' He saw no one but me, and Scarcely that. What does this mean, Brian ? He seemed turned to stone when I told him of Cora Lander's wedding.' ( Ellen, tell me one thing — did your lady know our brother in Europe ?' 'No.' ' Has she ever been for days together in the city ?' *No. I have been with her every day, almost every tour. Ho, I say.' ' Ellen, Ellen Nolan, is ehe — tell me truly — is she breaking her heart for him ?' ' For himr? No, no, a thousand times no. She has never seen him. alone in her life.' Brian looked around, frightened. \Which way did he go, Ellen ?' *Up the river, toward the depot. But what does this mean P I will know.' ./'Hush, Ellen, I hear a train coming; kiss me; pray for us; pray for him most of all.' He was gone; she saw him fleeing down the cross-road in desperate haste, never looking to the right or left, but straight forward, as if the race was for his life. She*saw him stop suddenly. The train was Bweeping by — he was too late. Yes, he was too late. But the boy walked on, and in a minute commenced running again. Something might delay the train. Three minutes — he only asked three minutes— no, it swept off like a serpent, coiling slowly around a curve of the road, and no train would stop there fcefore night. He walked on in the desperate hope of being taken up by some miraoie of -chance, or of springing on board a train at slow speed, for the boy was ready to risk his life without question. He did get on that specialtrain full of wedding guests when it stopped a moment tc have the hot wheels examined. This delay' left Seymour to his own wild self till that note was written, and Cora Lander came down to the log cabin where lie stood waiting for her. She passed in at the door and stood by his side in the moonlight, throwing the lace shawl back upon hershouldere. ' Ton hare sent lor mo under a threat. I am here to listen, if yon liave anything to \- Ipjer voice was hard and sharp «e steel} her eyes glittered is £he moonlight. v * Ha looked at W and reaoW out bis arms with such* cry of -tender anguish as ?fecflfedifaB 'very ear. ^Oh, Cora ! -Coral ibis is hot so. Tell me that is not the truth V She stood like & statue, neither repel lifig ttor'aceeptmg 9iis -embrace. Sis. arms; fell heavily downward, a igroSa -broke from his lips. 'Wil£ you not Speak to me, Cora?' he cried. ??* ' I have nothing -to*sav, Alfred Nolan.* ' Alfred SNblan ! Great fieavene ! has it reached her at last.' (to be cosninrBD.) 