A Fatal Inheritance. CHAPTER I. A ray of sunlight entered the room with Geraldine Monkhouse. Eighteen years old —tall, graceful, with the free step and stately head of a young Diana, her pleasant ?? shaded by thick chesnut curls ?? glow upon them, her cheek ??? a rose, she came forward, ?? gracious,—a shy, dark-haired girl several years younger, clinging to her hand. 'These are my daughters,' said Mrs. Monkhouse gently. But not even a mother's pride and fondness could brighten her pale and mournful voice. 'I am so glad you have come, Miss Norman,' said Geraldine, cordially; 'you can't think how I have looked forward to having you for a companion. And then you will relieve me of the responsibility of teaching Clara, who is the most trouble- some of children,' and she emphasized her censure with a kiss. 'Miss Norman looks cold and tired out,' she resumed. 'Are you not going to order dinner for her, mamma.' 'Miss Norman has already dined,' inter- rupted her aunt. 'But no doubt she will be glad to change her dress. Ring for Sarah to take her to her room.' 'No thank you, aunt; I will do that my- self. Now Clara, run away to nurse, while we go on our voyage of discovery. I hope these long passages and dismal old rooms will not frighten you,' she added, as we ascended a second flight of steps and turned to the right. 'This is such a dreary old house. It is said to have been a monastery onco, and the two wings formed part of the original building. The centre is more modern.' I said I thought old houses very interest- ing. 'Yes,' answered Geraldine, doubtfully, 'but not very comfortable. Now here,' opening the door of the 'Blue Room,' and looking in with an expression of extreme dissatisfaction 'here is a miserable place!' It certainly did not look very attractive. The hangings, from which it took its name, were faded beyond any recognition of their original hue, and waved disconsolately in in the chill air; the high, straight-backed, old-fashioned chairs stood round the walls in uninviting stiffness; the curtainless windows revealed the dull leaden sky. 'What a room to put you in! But I suppose we have no better,' cried Geraldine, with an impatient sigh. Then crossing to the fire-place she rang vigorously. 'Light a fire and bring candles at once,' she said, when Sarah entered. 'I had no orders, Miss,' the girl began. 'Take your orders from me,' was the answer in such a determined tone that Sarah vanished instantly. Come here before I draw the blinds down, Miss Norman,' added Geraldine, 'and you will understand better where you are.' I joined her at the window, and perceived that my room was at the extreme end of the right wing; and that both it and the left wing, which faced me, ran back into the gardens, and were invisible from the park and lawn in front of the centre facade. 'Underneath is our schoolroom, Miss Norman. Our own rooms are in the centre of the building. The wing opposite to that is given up to Mr. Tyrrol and the ghosts.' 'The house is haunted, then?' Of course it is. Don't be alarmed if you see spectral monks flitting through the galleries with glimmering tapers at dead of night, and hear dismal sounds accompany- ing their penances. But now let us shut out this dull prospect and warm ourselves. Put the candles on the toilet-table, Sarah, and bring some tea and an egg and ham— or something.' I was about to protest, but my young hostess stopped me with a smile. 'I am quite sure you must be famished,' she said, 'after such a journey on such a day. And there will be plenty of time for you to have a rest before you join us in the drawing-room, I will fetch you when you are ready to go down.' 