The Roman Catholics are on the rampage again. 17ot only has an " Education Union League" been formed by them to assail the monetary principles of the Education Act, but a monthly newspaper, styled " The Education Union League Gazette," is to be started to promote and give additional piquancy to the movement Furthermore, Protestants are to be cordially welcomed to the ranks of the new nnion, and even the Bible in State Schools League is to be embraced, to strengthen the cause which the union intends to push with unprecedented oratory and vigor. Everybody has heard the story of the lion lying down with the lamb; and it must recur to the mind when finding Roman Catholics making common cause with Protestants on what, after all that can be said or done, is purely a denominational question, Ghosts of the mighty champions of Rome in the past—how they must be quivering with rage at finding their descendants so degenerate—eo lost to all regard for the great maxim of Holy Mother Church—that it is " unchanged and unchangeable"—as to kotow to Protestantism to get a dip into the State purse, and rescue the faithful from their own self-created misery and dilemma. No such startling departure wasever witnessed before as emanating from the bosom, of the Roman Catholic Church; and it shows how civilisation is humanising a church which has ever been extremely assertive, but never before showed itself anxious to coalesce with hereticB to effect its.purpoBe. Nor is it now doing anything of the sort, wo are told, as the clerics have nothing to do with the new. organisation which has been formed. It is the laity of the Roman Catholic Church only that is moving in the matter. But a smile of incredulity is evoked when reading this excuse, since everybody knows who it is that pulls the strings, and that if the clergy was not manipulating the wires from behind human screens, the Education Act would be let alone, and everybody would be content with its provisions. " The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau." What the clergy cannot do directly they think they can do indirectly. Bat the scheme is altogether too thin not to be seen through, the more especially as when the new onion was launched payment-by results to the Roman Catholic schools was the theme, and a leading dignitary of the church was preBent to give the theme and tie' union his episcopal " sanction." We do not feel that the Education Act is in any danger by this plnnge on the part of the Roman Catholics made under such unprecedented conditions, as the end of it will, of course, be only the usual 'J fizzle." The people of this colony will not allow denominational education at the general expense to be fe-introduced, either directly or by a sidewind, to suit clerical ends—not even though the new attack is glozed over.by the statement that if Mr Rogers-had been in Victoria. at. the time, the Education Commission would have recommended such a course, v which is not true, as the voting for and ;against would only, then have been even, or because a few Protestants gave the.meeting of Tuesday laBt the ibenefit of -their presence, or even the Bible instate Schools League heartily responded to * the seductive appeals made "for its aid, or though the new .attack is to be guided and pnahed by a spick and span brand new paper. The lateBt effort to get up a denominational row on. the /education question must go the same road as all the old ones traversed, because onr education system, is doing a vast amount of good, becauBe it is unanswerably fair to the creeds, by placing tljem all on tbe same footing," making. no more or less'' .of. one -than-^another, because to tart ba^ .iin 'the 'dightest degree iwould iBventnally destroy. the whole scheme, because; it' "specially^ entails that' morfd training which. • th'eX dissentients usen as a fcjoak for "tteir uftry-design,T>Bcan8e, rightly ^^rdfed,r sit- is ^n 'asefstance t6' celljpOus inBtrnciwif xsteid?, rather, than a-^isab^ty ^toathe furtherance of this cibjeetf'ind ""because civilisation is g too proDOtibcedviiiera " . *hetha: on ducation «r e&y; dffier^TOBttera, to abmit to Protestant or ^B.omaii Oaholio clerical dictation or iiterfereaoe." he new nnibn may/ - And donbtr, cbb will, oiak6 4k great; "flutter-- and; noise for a time. Bat the distarbance will have, bat a chort life, and end in the asoal theckmate, giving np of a bad job; Bod the sequential acknowledgment/of defeat and inaction. Bntfor all this it IB siirely something to see, and be surprised at, B.oman Catholics hobnobbing with Protestants, or rather asking for ProteBtant aid, to get special monetary help for the Roman Catholic schools—to effect a purely denominational end—when the whole history of the chnrch previously was .to avoid any each contact or intimacy, with all the reBolnteness which could be pnmped up for the- purpose. This is something very astonishing indeed to see come to pass; and it is the best proof one conld have of the felt feebleness of the canBe espoused, and the sort of forlorn hepe which even in the Roman Catholic presbyteries of the land, any attack on. the fundamental principle of the Education Act is regarded. Trne, morality now, ingeniously enough, takes .the place of finance in the cry. But everybody knows that vit is money which is sought; and this is precisely what will never be obtained or conceded. The vigor with whicb Mr Panton, P.M., dealt with the milk and water men. last week has been supplemented by Mr Alley, P.M., this week, although in a different direction. On Monday last a wine and spirit dealer named M'Queen was brought be fore the Fitzroy bench charged with -having in 'stock a certain quantity of inferior brandy; and the offence having been proved M*Queen was fined £200, with £6 costs. The brandy was found by the representative of the excise authorities in bottles bearing Hennessy's brand; and Heknessy was guiltless of making the stuff, Mr Alley fell upon M'Qceen with the severity described. The excuse, of course, tats'the same as we have heard here in Ballarat in similar cases. The inferior liquor had certainly been put in Hennessy's bottles, but it was not . intended to sell it to any imbiber. The excuse, however, is bad in law, however much it may seem to Bome to be a reason, why no heavy penalty should have been -imposed. As the law reads, no bottle may be exposed in any public-house or store, con taining a misleading label, and as M'Queen had exposed the two bottles containing a misleading label in his store, the act was an infringement of the statute, and had to be dealt with accordingly. Moreover, what did M'Queen want with this inferior stuff on his premises if he did not wish to sell it, or use it for a sophisticating end? Obviously, the brandy did not fall into the bottles from the clouds, but was put there by some person in the store, and, being put there, the stuff was devoted to disposal, either by itself, or in connection with some other liquor. The defence was, therefore, a very lame one, and as such was regarded by the' bench, or it probable the latter would not have fallen with the. weight of a Nasmtth hammer on the delinquent. We join with our Melbourne contemporaries in complimenting the magisterial benches of Melbourne and neighborhood upon the vigor, with which they have lately dealt with adulterators, and hope that they will continue in the same frame of mind, and that their country brethren will follow their example, until all abuses of the kind are put- an end to. Until very lately the vilest compounds were sold in some of the .low public-houses of Melbourne and its vicinity, and in -many of the country places of the same class, causing imbecility and still worse reBults to the drinkers. In many of the cases the liquor was a mere chemical make-up, aB free from what it purported to be as were the wooden hamB and nutmegs for which some smart Yankees a few years ago won a very wide-Bpread, although extremely doubtful, reputation. It was often made in the publichouse itself, the ingredients having been obtained by the barkeeper for the purpose. And, when made and sold, it was profitabl» to the--vendor, but maddening to all who drank it— maddening, by reason of its being a sort of liquid fire that burnt almost the very inside out of the consumer. A few prosecutions in this district, and a vigilant excise officer, have done- much to put jm end to the making and sale of this poisonous stuff;,, but there can be no doubt that farther afield villainous compounds of the same sort are being sold now, as the vendors are' beyond the track of those whose duty it~is to put down Bnch killing swindles. What ooccrred in the neighborhood of Melbourne, however, last Monday, will no doubt put a check on these rascalities, as £200 pisnfrtties are too stiff to be regarded with indifference or composure. M'Queen's fine. will,. therefore, do ; a great'deal of good; ami more especially will "this be the . case • if, whenever similar, laches are found out, the same penalty should be resolutely inflicted. Adulteration ' Is'an outrageous and brutal " vice'; ^and the Taw, therefore, cannot be too eharply adminiztered for its suppression. . The revocation .of the reservation of EuaBell Eijnare has caused some excitement among. the nomerc'ne cricket and footbaU-stabs ..and other pereonB taking an interest in th'e eqoare being maintained for recreation purposes, and last night a meeting was held at the Buck's Head hotel for the purpose of taking Bteps to retain tbe reserve. -MrT. Saunders, of-the Sonth Street Debating Society, .oocupic-d the chair. The AuetralianNatives''Association, the Ballarat: Sonth ' Imperial ^iicket and football olnbs,, Endeavor cricket ard footballclubs, Wan* derers do, BallantKorth football clab,-Wen- 1 doaree cricket clab, Reserve cricket club, and South StreetDehatingSooiety were represented." The chairman explained the position of affairs;and ^IrHftin {Sonth street), remarking that he thought the Authorities were tarang'a -most : retrogressive step in Revoking the reservation,, of «the square, moved— " That "a petition be circulated 'through Ballarat, East and West, for .the^preservation of all reserves, including .£ussell equate. 1 ' The motion was oarried. It waaalso decided .that the chairman ehonld be emAwered to obtain, if possible, the oo-Operatfon fit both fire brigadeti; sndj& -motion :wm then curried that tne Parliamentary Irepresentativea. be requested to -iiavB action >«tayeiviuati! the pantionB --against the revoking" -of t ^Rusaell tlMNhladiiMIt A' ckae' of'eoarlet fever;has ooburped In. WiJja etreeV at the,houBe t>f a^&eMehtmear; tii'e rtilway trchee. At this spot -there15 a; mostpbjioxions drain, audi it«s* wonderjwi ^>idebdc'of J fever or disease ^Gk^ notibrt&eh; m*Jorgij»lnoe,jn the iortli^v^Ke'tfe^ inspector of nuieances for tiie JtoWQ ,ihoi3d feeethat the mal£erisVttenWita- - ^hicompliance with a rfqueat-/nade^o^helion; the jUinister of Oefenoe^by she commlttee of the Eureka Stockade memorial^ Sergeant Hall has .made arrangements whereby Eurrka street,• from Main street to Otway street, will id' fntnre be placed under the Kdrek» Eureba hotel. hotel. No No doubt donbt the the new new «r-, «r-, ^rangement e ^ i i will l t a be appreciated by rodent, wJ^iro deeire that their.property ehall be pro- teoted atnlght. v . ~ Last night's Berald contains a sensational report with reference to the new Victorian gaoboatB, stating that the guns are imperfectly mounted, the engines over-orsmped for room to work in, the bnllB defective, and the small-arms made ont of material that was rejected by the home authorities for home use. These statements must be taken with " a pinch of salt," as the gunboats were thoroughly inspected by expertB both to England and when they arrived here, and by b-ith authorities were prononnoed to be everything that oould be desired. The Militia rifle butts will this week present-a livelier scene than they have for some years past, owing to the firing of the companies entered for tbe competition for the Surg >od Trophy. The ball wa8 opened yesterday by D company practising volley and independent firing and ekirmisliine. and the range was for about couple of hours by far the noitiest plaoe in the district. The crack of the rifle will probably be heard there now all day long until Satuiday next, when the firing for the competition will take place. Given fine weather, the competition shooting should be very interesting, and doubtless will draw a good many sightseers to the range) A mean triok was played yesterday upon a widow woman carrying on business in Sturt street west, by a young woman who must have known the trick ebe practised. The young woman bought a shilling's worth of frilling, and laid- what appeared at first sight to be a half-soveteign on the counter. The shopkeeper gave 9s change back, but the customer bad hardly got out of the shop before she discovered that the coin, though gold, was not a half- sovereign, nor of its value. The coin was a 5-franc piece (worth a little over 4s); eo that the young'woman swindled the shopkeeper out of about 6s by tbe transaction. The shopkeeper tried to call baok the young woman, but failed to do so. AB, however, the latter IB known, it is probable she will find it profitable to square -accounts with the shopkeeper. The olerk of the Mining Board yesterday .received the following communication from the Mining Department, which bears out the promise made to Colonel Smith on the same subject:—" Melbourne, 20th January. Dear sir,—In reply . to yonr letter of the 14th instant, I am directed by the bon. the Minister of Mines to Inform yon that, eo soon as the diamond drill now at Springdallah shall have finished boring operations at that place, it will be sent to Sebastopol " The half-yearly meeting of the 3rd Ballarat Rifle Club was held at the Buck's Head liotel last night; Cofor-Bergeant B. Dubber- Iin in the obair. There was a largeattendance, and apologies forabsenoe were received from Lieutenant-Colonel Sleep and other officers. The secretary's report for the past term was of a very satisfactory oharaoter, and the balance-sheet showed a credit balanceof £26 lis The reports were adopted, The following officers were elected for the ensuing half-year:—PatronB — Sir W. J. Clarke, ML C.; Lieut.-Colonel Sargood, M.L.O.-; Hon. P. Russell, M.L.G.;: and Colonel. Rtde. President, Lieut.-Colonel Sleep; vice-presidents, Major Greenfield and Lieut. Garbutt; treasurer, Sergeant Nicholls; secretary, Corporal Thomson; committee— Color-sergeants Dnbberlin, Brough, and Mitohell; Sergeant Chalmers, Lance-corporal Rae, and Private A. Buley; auditors, Sergeant Chalmers and Private Burden, handicappers, Color-sergeant Brough, Privates. F. Buley and P. Murray. It was decided that three trophies, valued £5, £3, and £2, should be allowed out of the club's fundB, to be competed for at an early date, the conditions of the competition being left in the bands of the general committee. Votes of thanks were passed to the retiring officers and committee, and the secretary and treasurer were warmly complimented upon the Interest they had taken in the affairs of the club during past term. The necessity for increasing the target accommodation, In order to enable the matches to be more easily and satisfactorily conducted, was referred to, and the hope was expressed that the promised improvements would soon be made. The cause of the delay in handing over the prizes won at the rccent Christmas matches was explained, and it was resolved to r take active steps to bring the matter to an eud as soon as possible. The meeting then closed, with a vote of thanks to the chair. The half-yearly distribution of prizes to the scholars attending the Sebastopol State school took place on Tuesday afternoon, when prizes to tbe number of 115, consisting of valuable jtnd carefully-selected' books,' were handed to the children by Mr Ellsworth, chairman of the local board of advice. Mr Renkin was also present. Handsome picture cards, the gift of Mr Dixon, bookseller, bf Ballarat, who supplied most of the books, were also given to the infants. Songs by the infants, under the direction of Mies James, and the senior classes, under Mr Lennox, lent variety to the proceedings. The head teacher, Mr Blvins, stated that the average attendance during the past half-year bad been 255; number on the roll for the year, 402. He claimed that good work had been done ib the school during the past as evidenced by the result of the matriculation and inspector's examinations. He expressed a hope that the school would ccntintfe to be useful, and acknowledged the obligations teaohers aod children were under to the parents, Mr Elsworth, and-Mr Dixon.fcr their contrlbu-' tions. Messrs Elsworth and Renkin each addressed the children, giving them advice" and encouragement as to their conduct and qtodies. - Votes of thanks to the board of advice and teachers, and the singing of the National Anthem, terminated a pleasant afternoon. An old man named John Huggett, eighty years of age, was locked-up in Ballarat EiBt on Toesday night, on a charge of vagrancy. He was found lying at the rear of the Town Hall. Haggett was brought before Mr LoDg, J.P., at the Town Court yesterday, and was recognised aB a former Inmate of the Benevolent Asylum. 'Hfe was remanded till Monday to allow Of enquiries being'made. The threepersons, David Wilson,.Samnel Blaokett aUas Perlstein, and Mary Ann O'Brien, wKo are charged with robbing Joseph Tournier of £7, was brought beibre Mr Long, J:P., at" the' Town Court, yesterday. Tonrnier stated that he was in the Staffordshire Arms hotel, Main jtrnet, when the female prisoner followed him into a room! at'the back. . On,-returning he missed, the' money,-and accused the woman of'robbing him. She denied it, and' offered to be searohed. Someone 'matie a statement implicating one of the male prisonere, and the police arriving the doors were locked 'and the rooms searched. Eventually the purse and money was found- on the roof of the kitchen, In whioh O'Brien and Tonrnier Had been together. The' three were remanded nntil Monday. ^ A meeting of the Tinsmiths', Ironworkers', and Japanners' Society was held last etvenirg at'th^ Trades' Hall, Camp street, when the half-yearly election of officers- took place.. Xhe auditors reported that they had ex- Srulned the accounts, vouchers, &c.;, and certified to the correctness of same, and congratulated the members on their sound financial position, as shown by the balancesheet, I -The levy of IB per week, for the assistance' bf tihe Bootmakers': Union , bad been well responded to; the society having contributed up to date aboat £70. ' The chairman congratulated the members on the smoothness of trade_ affiaIrB, and the har-, monlous relations 'existing between the. iemployers and employed. Mr Thomson, P.M., attended at the City Police 'Court .yesterday .and one inebriate wm dealt with, and Peter Castensen was Ifined SSOB, in default one week's imprison-; ment, forthreatening behavior. A man named Michael Nagle, living at Brown Hill,-attended Hospital yesterday suffering from Anmevous cuts -in '"the 'iiee, " Nagle, who also had one of his molars knocked oofc. stite'd fhBt h'e had been injured; try« person throwioff^lsss at him, ,, „. „ - ! I' jittTe feUbw named SFrederiok-.fifak,- retidingat Soldiers'Jlill. 'was admitted into' 'the Hospital yttterday ^offering "from* inju» r!es to the' left elbbwanS bath"wrists,'tad fraoture of .lhe arm! Xfce little boy bad climbed a~faeo ta obtain k -Jute,- wliea jke •ilfpircd and felL ' . r* A very cboiee collection ot oleographs t a collection. A magisterial enquiry was held on Mocday last, at the Commeroial hotel, ijount 4eath death of Mr J. K. Haliam, »larmer, wno d.ed suddenly on the 17gi apoplexy. A very serious aooldent occurred on Toes day la«t to Master Arthur Dawson, son of Mr William Dawson, ironmonger, Sturt street. The lad, who is only fourteen years of age, was at his parents' residence, Wen dourte parade, and bad just ridden a hoiae aoross 'the railway into a paddock, when the animal became startled by a passing train. In scampering abcrat the horse threw Master Daweon to tbe ground, and on being picked up he was insensible.. On recovering consoionsness the lad complained of pains in his heed, leading to the supposition that he had sustained slight conclusion of the brain. Yesterday, however, under tbe oare of Dr Jordan, he was progressing favorably. Trainers are reminded that entries for the Smeaton races must be lodged with the bon. secretary, Mr A. A. D. fyke, at Smeaton, on Monday next. Tbe events that close on that day are—The Handicap Hnrdles, 8meaton Cup, The Trot, Selling Hurdles, and Welter Handicap. Mr Henry Henden, the celebrated aeronaut, has decided on making a balloon ascent from the Eastern Oval on Friday, 6th February, an exhibition which will prove highly interesting Mr Henden has lately made two successful ascents in Sydney, and another in Bathurst, in the presence of large assemblages. The balloon to be used has. been manufactured under Mr Henden's personal supervision, and will bold over £60 worth of gas. Through a slip of memory the other day we stated' that Mr Tucker was Minister of Agriculture. We should have' said that Mr Levien occupies this position, The secretary of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum desires to' • acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of £2 10s, being half pro ceeds of ball held at Clarendon, per J. H. Bradahaw, A well-known brewer has been summoned to appear at the City Police Court to-morrow, to answer a charge of carrying on his business without a license. The four boys who were arrested in North CreswL-k on Saturday night were not absconders from the Reformatory as incorrectly stated, but from the Ballarat Orphan Asylum. A young man named Richard Phillips, well known as an ex-draper in Ballarat, is reported as missing from his lodgings in Melbourne. Two Scotland Yard detectives (says the Herald) have arrived by the Indus, their final destination being Queensland. Their movements are kept a complete secret, and they will hold no communication with the authorities here for the present at least. The offioers are members of the epeoial. foroe organised by the Home office in connectionwith' the watching Of suspected Irishmen and Americans in the Uoited Kingdom. Extreme reticence 1s the order imposed on the men (who are members of the Royal Irish constabulary), but we have reason for believing that some of the passengers by immigrant steamers for Queensland are Individuals whose movements are a cause of some anxiety to the authorities at Scotland Yard. Mr Mawdsley, the agent for the St. Leon's Circus company, arrived in Ballarat yesterday, for the purpose of making arrangements for the appearance of tbe tronpe on Monday next. A ladder, valned at 15s, was recently stolen from the front of the premises of Mr E. Jewell, painter, Malr street, the owner having left it out on the footpath over night. Mr and Mrs Ryrie, of Kangaroo^ Hill, Eganstown, had an unpleasant surprise on Tuesday momiDg when they returned from a social gathering at a friend's house. They found that Bome larcenous gentry had In their absence broken Into their house, and had stolen £7 worth of wearing apparel from it, both of their wardrobes haling been laid under contribution by the thieves. Tbe matter has bsen reported to the police. At a meeting of dairymen (says the Age) held at Port Melbourne on Tuesday night, It was decided by all present that they could not Bell milk on and after the 1st proximo nnder 64 per quart. It was stated that it would be impossible to Bell pure milk under that price. The meeting was unanimous in its opinion tlat the rccent prosecutions for selling adulterated milk were tbe best thing, that could have happened both for the public aod the dairymen. It was also agreed that a letter should ba written to the local board of health, urging the appointment of an inspector of milk, who, it was suggested, could also be utilised as an inspector of dairies. A committee of three was appointed to wait upon those' dairymen of tbe borough who did not attend, to inform them of the decision arrived at. For some time past (cays the Telegraph) the Postal Department has bsen importing Id and 6d stamps from England, so that .persons desirous of sending remittances for small amounts to Great Britain may do so without incurring the expense of post-office orders. The facility thus provided has been so largely availed of that it will be continued. The maximum value of stamps sold to any individual must not exceed 5s. The shire councils throughout the colonies (says the Age) have been invited to name a day npon which united action is to be taken for exterminating rabbits and other pests. The 10th proximo has been fixed, and this date will ba proclaimed in the next Issue of the Gazette. , The Argue says thst'it is reported at Sandhurst that Dr Revllle has received a telegram, appointing him coadjutor biehop of Sandhurst. The distribution of the prospecting vote for mining has bsen altered in respect to the allotment of £200 set aside for the Union Tribute Company, Amherst. As this company (says the Age) has suspended operations It has been struck off the list, and the £200 handed over to the South Greenock Company, Amherst. An application for a contribution of £200 for the Flinders Company, situated in the same district, has also been favorably entertained by the Minister of Mines. Tenders: for the work of completing the Houses of Parliament are expected (says the Argus) to be advertised for in tbe course of the next two or three months. Arrangements (says the Oeelong Advertiser) are being made with the Railway Department by Mr Cargeeg, secretary for the Chilwell Wesleyan Sabbath school -for the running of an excursion traih to Ballarat early in February for the accommodation of the children attending the Sunday school, their parents, and friends. Three'workmen (says the Age) have beeh buried alive in the tunnel excavation on the Wellington and Manawatu railway. ..The relief gang of rescuers • have suooeeded in reaching one ot the buried men, .bat there is no hope of'saving the others. . The effort made by Mr Service to bring about a conference of Premiers on annexation and federation questions has had (says the Argut)to bs abandoned. It was hoped that the conference oould be arranged to "be held in. Hobart, where Mri Griffith, Premier of; Queensland, is staying.. It appears, however, that he cannot possiblV remain after the' 27th instant; and it also unfortunately happens that' Mr Colton, Premier Of South Australia, has engagements which will prevent, him leaving that 'colony before 2nd February. A Jt^egram"fcas,' therefore, been sent to'Mr Stou^ PremiA bf New Zealand, .who had promlsed/to be present, informing him of^the -failur?"of the arrangements. Ihe tTeeZoM ii&erfiaer; hasl been Informed that the «njpoe-jirivers on the GeelongAnd Melbourne railway line have been, instructed to hold themselves in readiness for.Sundaywork on and after the 1st proximo, it being the intentioh&f; .the Hailtrey Commissioners to run» 33<uidaytrain^by way of -experiment, on jjlif glats named,, and to continue auoh trains^houldthe reiult prove satisfactory..- - \- $&2he Gramme inMelbcnrne (Bays the Age) a"public meetdng'conduoted by ladles only.ibas been held on the tetnpferance .<qau> the novelty of the annpuncement drew »large and eympathetio aiidienoe.^ Xhe held:frr4he Temperance -Hall ; 6n'3Puei(Iay night; Mrs RIohardsohocoupyiDg " " chair. Jfa> 8todnntii: '.Mn Varcoe 'addriiiBed the ^meeting. After, alight apologies for their, appearance on ia vnblio rplatf ormthe ladies maintained that 4he quection of temperanofe 'was a bome question, end that they wen impelled ly a aeose of duty towards their «st»rs and thewmmm. nltygenerJly to speak whatdemanded ottor- «n» Mit 0>rtSce .Uted thatfor every woman who had the courage to come forward Bb an advocate of temperance, there were 10 000 who went to perdition through lntoxicatine drink; aud it was therefore imperative upon them that they should do what Uy in their power to remedy this demon which was workiDg the rnln of so many families. Mrs 8tookwelI dwelt upon the necesaityof pasting an amended bill which should eff ctually close the publichonses on Sunday. The proceedings were enlivened by txoellent Bongs and recitacions from several ladies. Harvesting (says the Telegraph) is now In fall swing at Maffra. Some kinds cf orops are yielding well, erp cialiy barley, some fields of this grain giving as high as fifty bushels an acre. Little or no wheat is threshed, but the grain this year will be of good sample, though the yield will be light. Peas, of which there are large quantities grown here, are very light, the average for the season not being more tban half the usual crop. Oops already - threshed give from twelve to twenty, and on a few farms thirty buBhel8an aore. The system of sixpenny telegrams (Bays the Age) will come into fi.rce on the Ut July next. Each of the country offices iB being supplied with quadruple! instruments, which will <nable four messages to be transmitted along one wire in opposite directions simultaneously. The oaterplllars (says the Camper down Chronicle) have wrought a great deal of misohief in this district, and on several of tke farms around Lent a considerable damsge has been done. Mr M'Donald estimates his loss at over £400. The grabs have bronght almost all the heads of barley, to the ground, and have thus destroyed the crop. Other crops in the neighborhood have alBO been damaged. The grubs had commenced to operate on the potato leaves, but the last few warm days have had the effect of reducing, their numbers. It is rather curiouB to find In a telegram In last night's Herald a statement to the effeot that since the advent of the Salvation Army into Kapunda, South Australia, drunkenness in that town has incteased fivefold. The formation of detachments of oadets in no less than six State schools in the Sandhurst district, four In Sandhurst, and one each In Esglebawk and Castlemaine, have been authorised by tbe MinUter of Defence. Up to the present no State school in this district has organised a detachment of cadets. A severe case- of sunstroke (says the St. Arnaud Mercury) occurred on -Monday last at Banyena, tbe victim being a little girl, the daughter of Mr Robert Faulkner, the well-known sportsman of that township. The child, who is about eleven years of age, ran from the back door of tbe house to the dairy at about five o'clock, and in a few moments after was -seen walking unsteadily. Some few minutes afterwards aha was found lying on a bed in a stupor. Her parents, seeing that she was seriously III, at once conveyed her to St. Arnsnd for medloal attehdanoe, and nnder the treatment of Dr Wolfenden the tittle sufferer is progresalcg favorably. A service or song, entitled " Uncle Tom," vOl be given in tbe Town Mission Hail this evening. The annual meeting of Benevolent Asylum ffovernoro and subscribers win take place this even tug, at eight o'clock, at the board-room, Camp street. 1 : The IUtutraUd Avxtraltan Seat for the month bf January contains an excellent view of the annexation meeting in tbe Town Hall, -Melbourne, and several very attractive scenic illustrations. The adjourned meeting of the Trades' Hall coo., mlttee will be held in Mr Graham's room, Camp street, next Friday evening st el«ht o'clock. A committee meeting of the Ironmongers' Cricket Club irill be held at Blackith'a Oem hotel, this evening at eight. The adjourned meeting cf St. John's Lodge, 427 I.G., will be held at tbe Masonic Hall, Camp street, this evening at half- past seven. A lecture on the late B. H. Hart will be delivered gy special permiuion of tbe Rev. B Hart) in the abicoa istreet Wesleyan Sunday School, by Mr B. Hain, tbis evening. TJrF. Koenemacn advertises thorough instruction in French and German by correspondence. Feea, half a guinea per quarter. A pnblic meotiog in connection witb the Bine Bibb n Mission will be held in the 'J emperance Hail. Haddon, on Friday evening next, ot half-past seven, when competitive temperance addresses will be delivered by five local gentlemen. Tbe Bev. Joseph Walker and others are also expected to be present Choice selections of music ana recitations will be given. All members of tbe Ballarat Central Bowling Club are requested to be on the ground on Friday afternoon, at two o'clock, to play tbe rink trophy match. A meeting of farriers will be held at Tottersali's hotel, Doveton street, this erening, at eight o'clock, to arrange for a picnic. 