THE SALVATION ARMY: ' ', Oil " Saturday afterhooii Marshal Ballington Booth, . accompanied by ' Staff-Captain' iuid' Mrs Oxby arrived by the 3. 30 o'clock train from 'Ijlel- bourne: As it was thought : the party would arrive by a later train, the Salvationists did ri'pt give him a greeting at the station; The Marshal has too rniweil to be , present at .tho, service in the Barracks, in the evening, and; Staft-Caiptain and Mrs Oxby conducted tlio meeting. . Yester day morning, Marshal Booth was present atitoe holiness meeting, which was largely attended. Tho Marshal, wlio has a'splendid deli very,' spoke iii respect to the quest ion of holiness, and stated that the preaching of this trutliformed oiioof th'e strongest bulwarks of the organisation.' ;He, had heori repeatedly; asked the question as , to' how the success of the Salvation Army was accom plished,' and he answered, that it was;;riot alone in tlie uiculcating of religion, but too living out of this truth. In the afternoon, a large procession was formed; and headed by the Band the " soldiers" marched to the Botariicid Gardens, wltaro it was intended to have hffid' aii open-air. service, tlio collections, or, at least a portion of them, to go to'wa'rds tho charities: , On reaching the Gardens, , it was found that tlio ground was too sloppy to hold the service, and too procession .was ffiarchedback to tlie Barracks, where a service was hold. , The .contributions amounted altogether to L17 17s, and out;of that L8 is donated to the charities! Marshal '. Booth again delivered a vigorbus address, speaking at some' lerigth with respect to the riiovement. (.Ho remarked that it could not, but' bo1 admitted by too peoplq of this arid tlio. other colbnies toat' a vast amount of gopd had beeri accomplished in tlie reclamation, apd reformation of thousands, wlio were once in tlie very gutters ' of society. One ' of - tlie leadiiig atheists had i stated his pleasure at meeting tlie Marshal. He (too atheist) had watched the inbveriiente of the army with a keen and somewhat critical eye for - some time. He had found a force in toe1 organisation —not the Holy Ghost, nor too Supremo-Being —but, as too Marshal remarked, it was a "power that was instrumental in raisiiig from, toe, level of insobriety, misery, and uselessness toousrinds of the rank ancl file of the working classes to tlio level of spbriety, happiness, rind usefulness. Tliat power was nothing else than; the reforma tion andtrarisfoririation power of; the" Spirit 'of God. The Marshal also gave an accbunt of the Aniiy from a clergrinan's point of view. It had, according to toe clergyman, been too means of saving 7G0 of the worst characters in his -parish. Last night the Barracks was crowded, and a large number wore unablo to. gain amissjon. At some .length prior . to.: the collection boirig taken ,"up, ' : Marshal , Bootli rotiiarked thatTa wholesome," unVai'riished Gospel," whilst; perhaps, preached . in a crude forrii and so rough and uncouth as to clash with the refined tastes of society in the 19tii century, yet, lievrirtiieless, pvqved; effectual in reaching : the classos which ini|ht take a little, riiore liped of the refihecl;and polished preaching of the day. He gave, ,ai\ apt illustration of a_ Parisian lady having lost and found her jewol iirsoine muddy drains in one of toe houlevai'ds of that gay city, and pointed out as a' comparison that the Airmy had found: that those who had sunk iito the gutters of sooielry, or the sowers of : inquity, could ' possibly ' bo i:_ raised on a lbvel with too respoctablo classes' of people. They (too : Ariny) had felt among '.too slush, and iiiiro to find toe joiyol which ovqry,- where shone in society, and would shine in God's own diadem. The address of the Marshal was pvaoticahle and soul-stimng, rind lie rivettqd.'ti.e atteritiori' of liis healrora until 8.30to'clooic,.wtioii after "an address by Mrs Oxley, a prayer meet- ing was held. 