Rambling Notes. 1IY BATON. Oommiasiqiier, now sittinc at Hobart, although likely to provo abortive 18 a sure indication of a growing fooling for . i'roci- lrado among our follow colonists, and we as free traders, should do our best to lurther its objects, and endeavour to make it a success. It is an evidence of the Bouud ness oi our policy, and shows that other« arc awakening to a sense of the ridiculous ness of the ait exploded fallacy of Protec tion. True, it_ has emanated from the selfishness of Victorian merchants, but as it will practically secure free trado as far ns wo arc concerned, it should nevertheless receive our support. Foreign mami laoturors cannot affect us, if imported in another colony. J3vit should freo-lrado bo secured among our neighbours, a lar"c incubus will bo takon off of our export trade and allow our manufactures a fair iiold. Willi our imports it cannot have any effect. Wo have an almost free-trade now. And it is probably through this fact that we are not represented in the Conference. *? # # . Tlio dever and sensible spcoch of Mr. Dal Icy! at Maitland, in defence of the Government's policy, ro the Now Guinea Annexation, should bo road by every think ing man. Comprehensive and unambig uous it shows (hat ho lins a just apprecia tion of European politics, and can fully 1 oaliso how inopportune too great pressure on tho Home Government at such a crisis, would embarrass and perhaps causo an ill feeling amongst our fellow countrymon. I hat our views on all questions which so ultimately afiect us should bo made known, is obvious ; for by it alorio can we ever hope to gain our truest wauls, but our appoals should bo couched in respectful language and accompanied by a determined will, and at the same time, we should remember that tho official mind is always slow everywhere, especially so m democratic countries', where tho opinion of tlio peoplo lias to bo obtained oil all great questions. Although tho liberal government of England has confessedly made a blunder, yet our action, in the matter lias been both consistent and circum spect. Now that tho blunder has been committed, through 110 fault of our own, tho most pnilosophical way will be to submit to tho inevitable with the best grii' u possible, and endeavour to make tho best of what wo have. But after all, need wo labor under any apprehension from otir neighbours ? As long as England remains Supreme on the sea, very little harm can befall ns, as Gormany possesses but a small navy, and that would be required to protect her lijuropean and near possessions in case of war. Few could be saved to molest us, and with our largo navy and numerous sources ol information, their designs would bo lmstmtod boforo any harm could bo accom plished. While tho closo aflinity of raco and natural instincts must act as adotcrront against tho commencement of hostilities, and the hooping of largo armaments act as ir check on tho warliko propensities of the Governments. Their present attitude towards each oilier resemble in some re spects that which would ho assumed if tho '' peaco at any prico " advocates aro striv ing for; each wishing for the supremacy, and all afraid of tho othor. While such a -position is'maintained, and democratic ideas bccomo the ruling i power of thought, wars ? botwoon Luro|>6an nations will boooino a thing of the past. 'i, . A cortiu'n portion of churchmen, seem inoiipablo of progression. Should a pro position ho brought forward,: outside of tho narrow groovo in which their minds aro running, thoy instantly utter a wail of des pair and declaro the world is becoming de moralised. They aro incapable 01 under standing that thisis, oHsontially, an ago of pro gression, research, and profound thinking. 1.I1G world to thorn, is precisely tho sumo as it was a hundred years ago. Being uuablo to comprehend tho liberal religion of to-dav, thoy stilly drum tho cramped ideas of the last century, into tho oars of then* congregations, and by their dohunciationsfseek to stointho tide of progress. Such has boon the action of tho Dean of Sydney, aiid somo of his compoers, in tho Sunday train movomont to tho Bluo Mountains. .Although 'I 11111 strongly opposed to' uimecessai'y Sunday I labour,'yet in the present instance, I cannot but accept tho old truism, that tho fow must work to contribute to tlio enjoyment of tho million.-' Takon from a roiigiouajpoint of viow,. what could bo moro olpvating' to tlio soul, and create a better imprcssibh'011 tlio mind, than the sublirao scenery of tlio Bluo Mountains, and draw us insensibly from nature, up to nature's God. True, there arc , some . who would abuse; the. privilego ailordod thom by hmhing it a bacchanalian' lcas.t, but aro they ono whit tho bettor now, morally or physically ? But would thoy pay '> Per]laps thoy might during tho summer months, but certainly not in, tho winter. In England whero tlio|populatioii is so donse, oxcopt around1 tho largo 01'tios and tiio metropolis, it is a noted fact that thoy aro a ihiluro, and tho Companios over 011 tho alert lor pecuniary gnin, only run thoso roquired by tlio Act of Parliumout and, tlio mails. And with us. despito. our libornl viows 011 tho_ Sabbatarian question it must over re main a moot question, until an actual trial of a fow months has boon made. Tho Albury corroHpondont of tho Urmmttmi Times says .'-A well drosacd young fellow _ from Narriuidora viaWugga hits boon victimising soveral of our knowin" 0110a, who profossod to bo proliciont in'the scioiioo of shaking dico and playing cards. Illinium' says that ho has made ovor £100 during tho hist wuok in Albury, in fact it is boJiovod ho was received by tl'10 hi ghost cir: c os boforo ho was found out, Ono innocont child ol Israel was '« had " for a MO cheque and othor money, and not content with tin's tho spider liliu Pharaoh of old would not lot this descendant of the Ohildron of Israel go without relieving him of his jewellery and ornaments. Tho Alburite thought he could teach tlio stranger how (.0 throw dico, but reckoned without his host. 