, ? SPORTING, NOTES '-??'-??? -'- ?'-? TBt MKBiiiNfr J ? ' Monday :next, will be, ; quite a:field-.day with Tabmanian owners,, as, on that after noon, at' four o'qlpck, tb'e nominations, for the .principal events of 'the T.T.'C. ' and T.B-P- 1 ''Summer Meetings-, close. , .The folloTririg are the , events ? Svhich! Have to ,l»e nominated, for i—T.'F.C:; iMeetirig^.TTfb jeai=6iS\:-S^es,Vof,.ll{WV60T8./fseTOndv.201 sovs. from the stake, six furlongs ; Laun ceston Cup, of 250 sovs., second 20 sovs; and third 10 sovs. from stake , handicap of one , mile and three- quarters j Tasmanian Turf Club' Handicap, of'&OQ; second to receive 10 sovs. from stake, one mile and a .half. The nomination for each event is 2 sovs; For convenience of owners in . the south, nominations will bo received by Mri E. P. Wilson at Hobart, whilo Mr. Hamil ton, the secretary of the T.T.C., will act in a like manner for the benefit of northern owners desirous of nominating for tho Elwickmeet. . : ? The following are tho events of the T.R.C. Meeting which have to be nomi natea tor : — Mo bur c Jjup, a handicap ot auu sovs., second to receive 35 sovs:, and Jthird 15 sovs. out of the : stake j . one mile and a half. Derwent Plate, a handicap of 100 sovs., second to receive 15 sovs., and third 5 sovs. fromi stake; once round and a dis tance. T.R.C. Handicap, of 100 sovs., second to receive 15 soysi, and third 5'sovs.' from stake ; one milo and a quarter. In order :'to ;make sure, that their entries will1 be in time, owners should send them, in! early, not leave them until the last moment, and thus run a great risk, as nominations cannot after 4 . o'clock of Monday under any pretence whatever bo' received. . . , , ; The acceptances for the Colebrook handi-i capB will be found in another column. j The Queen, by King Cole out of Truga-1 nini, :and who on more than ono occasion; accomplished a good thing for the Waverley ; stable, has dropped a colt foal to The| Assyrian. As 'the Queen is the property i of that good sportsman, Mr. Sydney Page, ] it is sufficient guarantee that, the youngster! will be taken care of and notstarved. '. The: result of the Caulfield Cup was anxiously looked, for on Saturday, -and much \ disappointment was felt when the news fcecame known. The position occupied by Grace Darling did not create so much surprise- as -the second and third of Britisher and Coriolanus. The winner was wed' ' W.'Mr'.'. ti. ' Ml Llovd. arid is by The' Diver, out , of Zoe, ,,',' by King Alfred, out of Haidee,, by Abd-el- Kader.' The. winner is. trained by the gentlerrian who races under the name of Mr. J. G-. Duifett, and she is, I believe, the property of the owner of First Prince. The mare has been a consistent performer, and even allowing the accident which took place greatly changed the aspect of the race, there is no disputing the fact that the mare must have taken a lot of doing in any case, or else tlio race would have been a tremendously fast one. As it was, the time was very fast indeed,, arid was the quickest fecord'evermad«. for tho [race, and 2min. io'seci.'.ori'pauifleld ' takes, a .lot of ..beating. The niare, was. never a :rank^outsider, and she,'Jh'adj been jquietly'^supportedi ' 'The stable ^ th'rbw.'in(for ,a',',riiee :. stake, al though Ijunderstari'd|npt a'p'articuiariy lieayy one.' Stiirsne'hMirioi.beena'bad'h for the ringj:,and' '^several ; escaped laying her altogether.' , -As the . Caulfield Cup was one of the best .betting races ever known in the annals' of the Australian ring, the metalli ciaris'niust ' therefore' have hauled in a pretty, corisiderable Bum collectively. The mare's weight is now increased to 7st 121b for the Melbourne Cup. The surprise of the race was, I think, the good show i made by Coriolanus1. He got away last, worked his way to the front, and Was.a good third. The stout son of TiibAl Cain ought to be served by the extra half mile in the Melbourne Cup. for which he has four ; pounds less to carry. He ought, not1 lo disgrace, himself. Horses that once do a good thing may be expected do do a goo'.d thing: again is an old turf maxim... . '..'. . . . -,' ?....' '; '..,...[ '. ? Britisher looked like winnirig until Grace Darling challenged him, and the Ballarat horse, who was. turned out in faultless con dition, I 'am told, by Tommy Wilson, was easily beaten by the mare at the finish. His performance; nevertheless, must strengthen Sheet Anchor for the Mel bourne Cup, and my own impression for some months past has been that whatever beats Sheet Anchor; will win. : When the weights appeared I selected him as one of the most dangerous, and his present posir tion in the market would seem to. justify my choice. Mozart ran a good horse, and so did Vision. ? I never considered the latter par ticularly dangerous, for this race,1 but I am confident that he will pay hia way before he returns to Tasmania. The' son of St. Albans will, I imagine, take some beating at Moonee Valley this afternoon for the Cup. The news of the Caulfield . Cup catas trophe caused general regret, and it was at first put down to the course,but this seems hardly justified by the evidence taken at the inquest, as the witnesses were unani mous in the opinion that the runningground was in good order, and that the scene of the disaster was not a dangerous part, though' strange to say, however, the jockey Burton fell two or three times there at 'previous meetings. Particulars of the sad occurrences.; will be, found' in another .column, and such a dreadful scene was.never before witnessed- on an Austra lian racecourse. It is a mercy that more than one jockey was not killed outright. The evidence ? adduced at. the; inquest corroborates the stateinent that Too Too was first down,: and it would appear, that the mare's downfall was' caused;by Sardius rushing to the front. ; There was no blamo attributable to anyone, howeytr. . '.'y ?' Doriald Nicholson, the jockey, who met with his -.death while ;riding Lord'Exetor in the Caulfield,was'25 years' of age, and was a brother' of John Nicholson, Mr. DJ M. Robertson's civil and respected1 ?trairieK He was perhaps the very .best 1 li'ghtr weight iri Australia, and , hey : had ridden' some determined finishes. ' Suigjilar ,to'.. rehite, -he .'has ' generially ' .-/b'een unlucky'in Victoria, while the reverse -vis the case in. New South Wales, his wins being aa follow : — The Sydney Cup on Normanby, the Great Metropolitan Stakes on Masquerade, '; Autumn- Handicap on Empress, the ; A. J.C.- Plate . on . The Drummer, Mares' Produce Stakes on First ^Domon, Sydney Handicap: on Waxy, and four Epsom Handicaps on Masq uerade, Waxy, Master Avenel, and Espiegle. respec tively, ^besides riding 'many winners' of lessor events. Tho remains of the deceased were interred in the Melbourne General Cewetery on Monday, when about GO jockeys preceded the hearse, and tho pall bearers were Messrs. Long, Roberts, Hall, Monaghan, Ivory, and Laniond, while the cortege was fully a mile long, thus proving the respect felt for the poor fellow. ' wnen tuo news or tne accident ? was re ceived, and before all the horses that fell were known, it was felt certain that tho unliick grey Despot would be one of the unfortunates, , and sura enough, he was; He has now fallen in the Melbourne Cup,1 Metropolitan, and Caulfield Cup, and his ill-luck should now be at an end. : The field for the Caulfield Cup was within one of the largest that ever started i in Australia, namely, the Caulfield Ladies' Bracelet of 1883, won by The Ghost. Tho; largest field that ever started for any race! was 45, for tho Stewards' Cup, at Good-: wood, in 1861, won by Croagh Patrick, who subsequently found his way to Australia. The disaster will tend to reduce the field for the Melbourne pup, as most of the ;! injured horses will not bo able to race on the Cup day, while the injuries sustained ' by tho jockeya will also have a detrimental effect. Good jockeys are scarce enough any I time. ' ? , ' I Since last issue Hawthorn, Tissue, The i Andes, Monatteh, Snip, Mastor John, 'and ' Coronet have been scratched for the Mel- 1 bourne Ciip. ' ', ' ..'?'??'..'.', ': j Our Melbourne correspondent announces j it as almost certain that Nordenf eldt will I not start for the V. R. C. Derby,! and as ? the statement is, I believe, j made 'on good' authority;' it is much: to bo reerretted. even , thouch Mr. I White stated some time back ,that the horse's starting was by ' no.,' means a cer tainty, and therefore the public backed the horse with their eyes, open. :Tho scratching will revive the' old question, can an owner do what he likes with' his own1 horses ? It is all very well to look at one side of the affair. Still I think Mr. White will act injudiciously if hescratches tha horse, and I would riot care about the reception the blue arid white will get at Plemington if he oarriesout his intention. .. : .. Colebrook's defeat in the Steeple at Caulfield on[:Saturday TvaSi also ? a- great blowto the, Tasmanians present.,. No. one expected, to. see, '.', the ' chestnut son , of Horatio come down j , but I ; suppose the pace had its effect; Sailor, 'the,. winner; who scored a somewhat fluky victory, bwirig'to the disasters. to Lady; Ashton arid Studley at : the last:, fence, was steered by that good1 horseman W. M'Leod, and' who also rode Duration in the Hurdle Race the same day,, when he fodo a great finish, and made a dead heat with Ravensworth. Duration is described as a much improved horse- and one' likely to give The Agent some trouble in the V.R.C; Weight-for-Age Hurdle Race/ ; , ' It will be notiebd that the Entally horses Wymeric and Kitawa'have been scratched for ' the Melbourne .Cup. ? Although ? they have been sold at a good profit, considering the, cost, I think that they, have been given away, and that Messrs. Reibey and Symmons .will regret parting with these two fine sons of Manuka. . Hawthorn, too, has1 been scratched for the Melbourne Cup. If- defeated in .the Derby,- Paradox lias been anything but a bad bargain for Mr. Broderick Cloete, and he again, it will be noticed, has added to his laurels by winning the rich Champion Stakes at tho Second October Meeting, and. in all probability he was again steered by Fred Archer, who won the Two Thousand and Grand Prix on him. Paradox, it is hardly necessary to state,is a son of Sterling, the sir of Ringmaster's dam.' - The victory of Minting in the Middle Park makes the second time in succession that the race has been carried off by a horse trained by MatDawson,and now that Melton has broken the spell which hitherto hung over all Middle Park Plate winners, he is bound to have a great many followers. Minting. was bred by his owner, Mr. R. Vyrier, and is described as a mrnarkably fine colt. He is.by Lord Lyon, the winner of tho Two Thousand, Derby, and Leger of 1866, arid a son of Stockwell j but with the exception of Minting and Placida, winner of the Oaks, he bias not sired any winners of note. Minting's dam, Mint Sauce,is by YourigMelbourne out of Sycee, by Marsyas out of Roseof Kent,by Kingston out England's Beauty by Birdcatcher.Mint Sauce is the dam of the The Lambkin, who won the Leger last year. Mr.. Talbot is evidently determined to prove. . whether . Blink : . Bonny, . can stay, as he has ' entered her for the -Royal Park and Canterbury Plate at the V.R.C. Spring , Meeting. Ho had ^previously nominated her ? for th e Champiori Race, to' be decided . in March next.v Whenever the mare has started for a' two mile race she has .never : been thoroughly well, and if Malua, can get two miles, why not- Blink Bb'iriy? . Frptn the style ahe;won,the V.R.C. Autumn Handi cap, 1 mile 5: ifurldngs,' last March,: she looked' like ' ru'nriirig on. Her defeat in i the :? Caulfield : Cup' ? on, Saturday last. was. . . a great . .blow. . . to ? her ? Tas manian admirers,', and : also to the1 stable and. followers. ? Sh,e stripped,iri'fine! condi tion; but: does not seem to have been dangerous up to the time ; the smash took place. '. However, as it was a .considerable distance .fromihome, ! and Robertson; gene rallyrides a' waiting. race, .it is hard to say where she .would have finished.' Her bril- , iant turn of speed no doubt would have ; served her in good stead. Although she got cannoned against and knocked about in the melac, and her rider sent on her neck, the mare, I believe, fortunately escaped unhurt. The' 'i Assyrian carried off the i-riucipal honours at Hobart Show, and he also secured the champion-prize, defeating , Euclid, by Panic, Monarque by Irish King, 'Yorick/ by Horatio, and Selim, an imported Arab but Ins yearlings were also to the fore. Good jadgeB wore loud in their praises and they were pronounced an excellent lot. The yearling that pleased most was Mr Rod. O'Connor's colt, by the Melbourne Cup winner out of Silver thread by St. Albans out of Silvcrhair, by Cervus out of Prudence by Jersey, and running back to the imported mare Fairy. Tins youngster, who is a chestnut somewhat resembling Bonnie Scotland in colour, has therefore grand blood as well as good; looks tc reccommend : him. Tho: colt, in addition, ...was awarded Mr.1 Agnew's ? special ? prize. Mr. William Langdon showod a. good colt in Warwick; out of Linnet, by Montacute, and the ! youngster was awarded second prize. I was very; glad to notice that tho judges expressed their disapproval of the son of The Assyrian being named : Warwick, as there; is a horse of that name running. I wish that other sho.w judges would be equally as particular, as then we would have more attention paid to nomenclature. Mr Sydney Page took tho prize in the year- ; ling fillies with a daughter of Bashful, and the youngster was placed third for The Assyrian special. The success of tho progeny of the gal- ; Iant Melbourne Cup winner (whom many Tasmanians wish, without any ill-will to Mr. Agnew or the horse, had never been foaled, owing to the sore blow ho inflicted on them' when ha defeated Stockwell for the great Spring Handicap of 1882) must be particularly gratifying to Mr. Agnew, as he intends, I believe, to make a ship ment of four or five yearlings to. Melbourne for sale in March; The intention of Mr. James White to ! scratch Nordenfeldt for the V.R.C. Derby, ? if found inferior to either Uralla or Monte '? Christo, has (says i' Caspian') been the subject matter of much discussion during the: week, along with everything else that has 'occupied the sporting mind in Sydney.' ' So far I am satisfied that Nordenfeldt is a ? better colt than either Monte Christo or j TJi'alla, basing ^ my assumption on the ! grounds that ITralla is better than- the son of Kathleen (so the 'stable assert), . and that Nordenfeldt' has easily defeated tho daughter of Moonstone. Now what show, all things as equitable as .they were at Randwick, , can either ? Monte Christo or Uralla have with the. son-of Musket and Onyx? The same stable is notorious for its errors. I need not recount them — they are still fresh in the memory of every ; racing' mari.' That Mr. White should eri ' deavour to win with one of his own breed I ing is only reasonable to believe, but that ; he shall withdraw the best -colt in his stable and risk the chance of the other j pair's defeat; I cannot recognise as a logi cal argument. Mrr White has a largo ; string of racehorses to maintain,and every one knows that it requires a great deal of capital to see them through the season, and whether the owner ' be worth the pro verbial :'' thousands,' or simply racing as a means of livelihood, he likes to see the ' bawbees' come home. ?--. By the way, Sir George Arthur, aidede camp to Lord Carrington, thu newlyap pointed Governor of New South Wales,is a great patron of racing, and for the last two or three years has had a few horses in training at Newmarket. Sir George is a cousin of the Messrs. Arthur of Long ford; and a grandson of Sir George Arthur, formerly Governor of this i colony. In a letter to the Sydney ; weeklies in reference to the new system of starting Mr. H^Paylen says;: — ' I desire to &ay; that, al though, the result of the first trial was partly unsatisfactory to myself, it is not my intention to abandon tho idea, but, on the other hand, toperseyere with it until it reaches the completion of my views in all its main features. The' whole sportiig Press throughout the land were unanimous iri their favourable reports of the starting . during the late Randwick meeting ; and I may add that it would be impossible to find a similar record registered after any pre vious meeting ever held at Randwick since it has been a racecourse. When old habitues of the turf, such as Mr. James Wilson of Melbourne, :should remark that during the last twenty years he has never seen such successful starting at Randwick or anything like it, there must have been some decided mark of improvement, and it might well be asked the cause of this, or how it -was brought about. Beyond doubt the starter being elevated above his horses, arid taking up his position from the inside of his fields, largely contributed to thiB success. On basing my system of starting, the following four principles were involved : —1st. That it is impossible, for' any man to start fields of horses satisfactorily from the ground. 2nd. That the position of the starter should bo on the inside and not out side his fields.- 3rd. -That asight and sound signal should be afforded the;jookeya to:go by instead of the flag. ? 4th. ; That stand ing starts should be abolished arid walking starts substituted. These are the ground work .of my invention. To 'my intense satisfaction, the first two principles of my scheme have already been adopted by the re spected and honorary starter of the A. J.C.' Plaisanteriethe winner of the Cosarewitch is by Wellingtonia put of Poetess, arid, while her sire i.'s a son of Chattanooga and Araucaria' the ' dam of Apremont now in New Zealand, her dam is by :Trocadero out of La Dorette. ; '- Thus she has iri her Veins the. blood of Orlando, . Pocahontas, ' Stbpk well, and Monarque } has won ten races worth nearly .£7000 since her lucky'.'owner gave about £30 for her as a yearling:: :; Mesara, W; C. Yuille and Co. sold on 17th inst. at Tatta'sall's Bazaar, Melbourne, the following tlioVoughbred horses :— The Colonel, 4 yrs, 1jy Feuman — Laurel, Mr. M. Loughlin, 77i guineas ; Sensation, aged, by Panic— Queen of Hearts, Mr, Cripps, 05 guinens ; Duration, 5 yrs, by Hughondeu — Hinno Muugie, Mr. Cripps, 200jguineas ; Wymeric, .3 yrs, by Manuka — The Kitten, Mr. Joseph Coheu, 2G5 guineas j Kitawa, 3 yrs, by Manuka— Aurora, Mr. Aitken, 245 guineas ; Flamborough, aged, by Julian Avenel — Psycho, Mr. Cripjis, 95 guineas ; Rataplan, 7 yrs, by Warlike— Drummer's Daughter, Mr. A. L. Johnson, 27i guineas. The programme for the Victorian Club Meeting, which is to take'placo on tho 9th January, has been published. Tho prin cipal event is the Victorian Club Cup, ono mile and a half and a distance, with .£500 added. By the way, this meeting will rather interfere with tho T.T.C. Meeting, which is to bo held on the 14th and 15th of the month named. Grace Darling, tho winner of tho Caul field Cup, was not by auy means a good horso for the ring, as, although a long price was always to be obtained about tho mare, she was a strong public fancy, whilst tho stable connections all along openly ox pressed their confidence. Whether the rc 'sult would have been the same had tho accident not happened is open to question, judging by the number of favourites who were stopped at that particular point; but ono trifling circumstauce'may be mentioned, viz., that sevoral jockeys have expressed an opinion that nothing was going so well as Prince Imperial. . A month ago a member of the Victorian Club laid another member £150 to £100 on the winner of the_ Caulfield Cup being amongst the following 15 horses : — Holene, Commotion, Sardius, Blink Bonny, Lord Wiltori, Soldier Boy, The Israelite,'St. Law rence, Kirigsdale, ' St. ' John, Velocipede, Juanna, Hobart, Anchorite, arid Lord Exeter. On the day of the race , the layer had only seven running for him,' and not one was amongst the first throe. V Mr. F. Dakin has expressed his hopeful ness that the rnishaD to Commotion is not so serious as was at first intimated, and that the horse will, before many days are over, be again at work. Unfortunately, it is too late for the Melbourne Cup or tho weight for-age races at the V.R.C. meeting. A Now Zealand paper says that Awatea, the dam of that good horse Grip, dropped twin foals this season. One is dead, and the other is not expected to survive. It is a curious circumstance that for twenty years past at least one of Mr. Redwood's mares have dropped twin foals every yoar, the offspring invariably dying in infancy, one mare alone having thrown twin foals fire years in succession. ? Habena, a Maribyrnong Plate winner, a'ndnow in the Tocal stud, foaled a colt to Vespasian on August 25. Legend, now owned by Mr. Andrew Town; dropped a colt by Epigram, and therefore full brother to Le Grand, on August 28. Rose dale also foalod a sister to Iolarithe, the 1 Maribyrnong Plate winner, on August 1. Bonnie Scotland is now being trained by H. Hoystead at Wangaratta. ' Asmodeus ' thus plainly speaks out :— : ' It did not require a more than ordinarily observant eye to detect the perpetration of several deliberate shunts at Caulfield on Saturday, the 10th. Those owners and trainers who were unconcerned with regard to the removal of heavy shoes from their horses feet, gladly embraced the excuse afforded by the farriers' strike, while ani mals well known to be in pickle were entrusted to: the care of raw stable lads, not backed for a centime, only to reappear - elsewhere hereafter in wonderfully iiri proved condition, piloted by an artist, backed up to the hilt and romp homo easy winners.1 Every practical racing follower is fully aware that bye- running in various forms is of every day occurrence on the turf, and to the more critical observer it is easily palpable that certain stables are becoming impudently daring in the indul gence of the practice. I am apprehensive it will take nothing short of another Mata expose to curtail the system, whereby handi cappers are striven to be hoodwinked and the speculating public bamboozled at ono time and fleeced at another. The method of running byes is so scientifically arranged nowadays, that it is a difficult matter for stewards to obtain a conviction.' A somewhat unusual protest was brought forward at the Derby September meeting by Mr. Rupert Carington, who caused Mr. Watson, the handicapper (representing iuessrs. vv auLiiuruy^, lu uc suuiuiuuuu before the stewards because he considered that his filly, Feather Bonnet, had been unjustly treated comparatively with The Child in the Selling Nursery Handicap. The facts (says the London Sportsman) are these: — 'On Friday the pair met in the Highfield Selling Plate. The Child was conceding 51b. and won a desperate race by a neck from Ripon, who in turn was half a length in front of Feather Bonnet, who was thus beaten by a neck and half a length. For that beating Mr. Watson allowed 51b., so that they were handicapped to meet in the Selling Nursery at 101b. Mr. Carington was very indignant about tho matter, and carried it before the stewards, who, however, very promptly and properly ruled in favour of Mr. ? Watson, their ultimatum being that there were no juBt grounds for the complaint. Feather Bonnet was not allowed to run in the race, probably for fear that she would win, a circumstance which would have placed her owner in an obviously uncomfortable; posi-. tion.' . ' The big bookmakers still refuse, to transact business over the Maribyrnong Plate, and the great two-yearrold race.will soon, dwindle in importance ?. if the.ring persists in: their determination.. ?; The Leviathan .declares that the race has cost, him £15,000 since it was inaugurate^ and he has no mind .to go on .throwing bis 'money away. It is said that Johnny Hill,, ?who trained NeWstead when he won last ' year, : has a clipper in Telephone, by Englishman, but of Catspaw. 1 On'Saturday wagers at the oddsof 100 to 1 1; were actually laid against Dirk Hatter 'aick, Lantern; Signor, The Andes, King : ship, ' Black Diamond, Sirocco, and 'Vision, for'the Caulfield Cup. V '/ , ? \ ? ''? The New Zealand Stud , Company have ? sustained, a severe loss in the death of their1 'stallion Musket just as ho was making a ; name for himself . Musket was bred by, the late Lord Glasgow in 1867,'andyas.by, Toxophplite out of a uiare by West Aus tralian out of Brown Bess, by Camel, al though his sire, Toxbpholite, purchased by; 'Lord Glasgow from the late Lord Derby,' ' laboured under the suspibion of haviner ?' .shown the white feather,' Musket himself: 'Was, one of .the gamest horses that ever i .?.carried a' saddle. He won several 'races, on! 2th'e JEnglish' turf, ' and defeated Blue 'Gbiyh, ; Favonius, Dutch Skater, and '.,] other ( 'good liorses at weight for age. His jnost, 'noticeable triuinph was in the, Alexandra' Plate at 'Ascot in 1870,' when he defeated ; 'the' French horse Don Carlos', after a great i 'fate'. Musket and the other horses bwned^ by Lord Glasgow were left to General Peel ; 'and Mr. ' George Payne, and they also re- ; c'eived legacies of ^85000 each.' The legatees, however,. were riot allowed :t6 sell a, horse, ; and this was quite, m accordance wim.tne ; line of conduct pursued' by Lord .Glasgow i 'hamself, who never sold a horse 'during .his j lengthy career. 'Accordingly 'Musk'et was j riot' purchased by the Auckland' Sta'd Coin- ' pany, but leased for life,', which,.hbweyer, , .?\y-as, tantamount to; the sain p. thing., 'He .arrived iri Auckland in , Junuary,,1879, and iru 1883 he made his * great hit .with Martini-Henry, who j astonished everyr .one! by, the. brilliantstyle he ;; p.er formed at the V.E.C; Spring ^Meeting jwtieri' ihe' won the. Derby, ''. Cup,,,. and Produce $ while since Nbrdenfeldt, Thun derbolt, Trenton, arid a. lot other ..winners have' kept his, name ' 'prominently ,bef ore the public,, though tip .'to the present .he has rioV aired a horse 'within a stone 'of Martini. Mu'stet died, from the' rupture of the kiitoeys, arid he was -valued ' by- the poriipany at '.£12,000., ; ?'' ? :;;,; ; .r 