HERE AND THERE. Br RAMBLER. JUDGE Ginso- tells an amusing 'story of the way that a juror "went for " a conviction. He says he was trying a murder case a few days ago, down in one of the wire-grass countries and experienced great difficulty in getting a jury. Eleven jurors had been sworn in, and in the next panel was brought in a small, lean, lank fellow, who had on only one shoe, his pants being above his knees, his shirt open both back and front, and the aforesaid pants being held up by a single brace. The solicitor proceeded to ask the usual questions in such cases, as follows:-" Have you, from having seen the crime committed, or having heard any of the testimony delivered under oath, formed or ex pressed any opinion as to the gui't or innocence of the brisoner at the bar?" The single-braced fellow in a clear and distinct voice answered-" Net any." •' Have you any, prejudice or bias resting on your mind for or against the prisoner?', "I hain't." 'Is your mind perfectly impartial- between' the State arid the aceused? .: S it air.' 'Are.you con scienitiously opposod to capital punish mentl' 'I isn't.' The judge did not like thejuror much, but, it being late, and thejurorsscarce, he was 'put upon the prisoner inuthe usual manner, tlhe solicitor saying-' Juror, look upon the prisoner; prisoner look upon the juror.' The juror was quite near the prisoner, and when this command was given he bent'over him, scanning him from head to foot intently for some minutes, and then turned to the judge, and said in a firm solemn voice-'Yes, judge, I think he's guilty.' - Vordac narrates in his memoirs that during a visit to Italy he was in the town of Plaisance, and went to pass a night at an hostelry, in which the land lord's mother died the preceding evening. The landlord having sent one of his sevants to fetch some linen from the room of the deceased, the valet shrieked on his return thiat he had seen his mistiess' and that she had come back ajndwas now lying on her bed. A less chicken-hearted servant was sent but he returned with the same tale. The master of the lodging-house then went himself, accompanied by a valet, to ascertain the truthfulness of the statements. Whenever he came down stairs he eried to his lodgers-" Yes, gentlemen, it is moy -poor mother, Step hana?Hanna; but I have not had the courage to go and speak to her." Yordae then took a torch, and motioning to a churchman that was present, said-"Let us go, monsieur." "I wish very much," replied the clergy rman, " providing yon go first." Then Kthe whole household wanted to join the party. When they entered the chamber and pulled aside the curtains, Vordaec saw the form of an old woman, black and wrinkled, with the hair done up very neatly, and that put on the most ludicrous faces. When the landlord drew near to see if it was in very deed his mother, . he. said, "Yes . it is my poor mother." Thevalets alldeclar ed the same thing. Said Vordac then to the ecclesiastic," You are a priest; go and speak to her." The lriestadvanced to question the dead, and at the same 1 time threw some holy water on its face. The ghost feeling itself somewhat moistened, leaped on the clergyman's shoulders and bit him, at sight of which everybody fled. During the scuffle with the priest Vordac saw the head dress tumble down, when lo ! the ghost became suddenly transformed into a veritable monkey. 