ROUNDABOUT NOTES. ———o——— (BY CURMUDGEON.) I can't think how to account for it. Perhaps it's the dry weather and the consequent excellent quality of the beer ; or it may be that the pros- pects of peace make us so cheerful that we are ready to liquor up even with the tailor's dun who calls with a "gentle reminder" ; or it may be that Venus has been jealous and having a little quarrel with her moons, winding up with a falling in, which, in the realms of love, is far better than a falling out. I will leave all that for Zadkiel to decide, and simply remark that there seems to be something wrong in the state of Denmark. The Czar of all the Russians, who, a month ago, we were informed, proceeded to Moscow to issue his manifesto and get up an appetite before gobbling us all, now loves every one of us, from the Bulli saints to the Westminster sinners. The Blue Ribbon Army, who, a few weeks ago, were yelling to get at the "black king of death," have now thrown down their arms and are fraternizing with the Good Templars. The Bulli Bench, Bar, and Buzfuz, have thrown aside the austere scowl of dignity and the Buzfuzian browbeating bombast, and have taken to scratch each other's backs, like a lot of Shetland Islanders with the red rust. During the whole course of my "professional career," and "during my occupancy of this Bench, &c.;, I never gazed upon his like." Don't be too anxious. I'll tell you in a minute who he is—Sykes, and by the ghost of Oliver Twist it is scrumptious. * * * * * * * * Last week I struck Bulgo, and at the same time Bulgo was within an asses jowl of striking me. Reading in the Mercury some time ago about the progress and prosperity of this very interesting town, I was rather curious to see it. I will canter off with the remark that Bulgo is Bulgo no longer, as it has got a sort of decent name by being lately christened Otford. This name, it appears, is far too simple and euphonious to please the natives, and they are firmly determined to adhere to the original designation. This is entirely in keeping with their desire to preserve everything original out there, so I don't think there is any good quarrelling with them, especi- ally when I admit having my nose buried in a pewter of Toohey's elixir while drinking success to the trade and prosperity of Bulgo. The first thing that strikes a stranger is that the whole community is of Spanish origin, and the next that every other man you meet has been quarrelling with his wife. I must candidly admit that since the day I was escorted across the Spanish frontier I never saw such a collection of black eyes. From Dinah to Delia they are all deep dark and delicious, but the men are dark and dangerous. The public build- ings are very remarkable and thoroughly in keeping with the language and customs of the natives. The Post Office is at present being built, so I cannot speak of it as existing but it promises to be commodious, and it is in an excellent position. The public- house is well built, and Host Welch is a capital fellow. These two buildings are what we may call new Bulgo ; old Bulgo com- mences with the name itself. Next comes the public bakery ; this establishment is situate between two large roots of a tree. Then follows the Assembly Hall. This is an airy establishment, run by the backer who presides at the oven, and who, in his hours of leisure, runs the "dancing saloon" where "carriage and deportment" are taught in the most "fashionable styles." From my observation of his carriage, he mixes his oven and saloon business, for seldom half and hour elapses without the two rolls and a turnover business taking place. The language of Bulgo is tall. The adjectives used in ordinary conversation out there would make the hair stand on an Egyptian Mummy. I will just give a few of my experiences during a two hours' stay. Witnessed a dog fight ; six men fights, once two going on at a time, and about a dozen "schools" "heading 'em" ; heard most horrible language, and was taken by an old boozer for a friend of Sir Henry Parkes, which adventure happened to me once before when on a visit to Gladesville. On my denying the soft im- peachment by assurances that I had no aristocratic acquaintances. I brought on a storm which soon made me glad to clear. Yes, my recollections of Bulgo are decidedly warm. * * * * * * * * Our old friends of Clifton are to the front again. Last week they produced a brand new farce, which a Cliftonian informs me will knock spots off the most brilliant productions of H. J. Byron or Farnie. They seem determined that their light shall no longer be hidden under a bushel, so a hall must be built. With this obiect a meeting was held after the performance, and a company formed with the object of erecting a hall, 70 x 30 feet, to suit the requirements' of the place. I am informed that all the shares are already taken up. Calls have been made on shares to the amount of £200, and tenders have already been invited, with a call amounting to £40 on hand. This all took place within the four walls of a week, and it is indeed remarkable as taking place in "Sleepy Hollow." Now, I have always stood up to defend the Coal-Cliff people. There is something devilish practical about them, and I never hear them thanking God that they are not like other people. It is remarkable that there is not a single person living at or near Clifton. *** While in Bulli I heard of as remarkable a pro ceeding on the part of some people ag ever I remember beforo. It appears that a young man, and a native of the district, took it into his head to start in business during his spare time. He erected, at considerable expense, a hairdresser's and tobaoconist's establishment, and iu its conduct gained tho confidence and esteem of all but a few, who, actuated by jealous motives, envieel his prosperity. People like this aro to be found in every community. No less than this young man's expulsion from the Aimers' Association and his consequent dismissal from his regular employment would satisfy thom. When it is remembered that some of the advocates of this course run a rival establishment through a tenancy, it does indeed seem romarkable where the logio of their action conies in. Is this the principle of trade unionism, or addlo-braiued idiots 1 Moil who, if they can not rise themselves, pull down any of their com panions who try to rise. Look at our men of industry and energy who have rison from tho ranks every wa'k of life. Could those- men over be anything but for the sympathy and sup port of their follows in the first instance, Would my association bo justified in ousting me simply because in my spare time I exercise my brains 1 And are these people justified in ousting this man because he exercises other people's skulls 1 ' Th - urnp'iMa! is about as monstrous a oue ' is o-'i r I liwd of, ,-irid I declare to (,o.i I atioiuu tttul huniilm'eil i-y being a mem ber of tho association that would act on it. In Utopia, where the Sliah ruig-is, ho wuld cutoff tho heads of subh pooplo and s t iliem under », gnose, to see if tlieir collqot'VQ va s v.-uuld ;-ome forth as big as an oyster, or iTm y ha I h art* niid bowels Lhat could be doteeie ? wi a mi ' 'scope. This, 1 am informed, occurred in Coal wliff. * * * * # * * * The accounts of tho visit of the Prince of Wales to Ireland vary very nuicli in the telegraphed . summaries in the English and Irish papers by tho late mail. We read in the Irish papers how tho people liung out blaok flags ancl cheered for Par* noli as tho Princo pnssod, and in othor placos tho pooplo assembled aud gave tho Princo a rospoctful saluto, but Inciting tliu warmth of a popular recep tion. Surely thoro must bo sonio groat cause for this coldness on tho part of tho most hospitable people in tho world. Wo, living in tho freest country in tlio world, look with wonder on such a tiling. When Gouct'il Gordon was going to Egypt, Air. Gladstone made tlio annou jceinont Hint ho was going thero to restore order, and organise a system of just government. IIo thought his mis sion would last about twelve months. Lord Randolph Churchill complotely sat upon tho Grand Old Man by tho rejoinder that tho English had been iu Ireland for over tlireo hundred tunes as long, and were as far from accomplishing their object as ovor. The fact is, Ireland has always been used as a shuttlecock by both Whigs and Tories ; and wliilo tho foolish pooplo fought ovor traditional grioviinces, tho land sharks picked their pockets. Surely it is time this should end. If Iroland can manago her own affairs ns wo Austra lians, why not let them try it ! Tho landlords four this, as those blood- sucking spiders would then havo to loosen tlioir grasp on the spoil. Every independent man should long for tho day lhat will put to rest tlio present miserable stato of things. I am sorry tho Princo has not been well received, for I know from my experience of tho country that thoy aro the jolliost and most hos pitnblo peoplo on tho faco of the globo. 