SPORTING. MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [From our Special Reporter.] Flemington, October 14. Damp cold weather has had modi to do with subduing the ardor of turfites over the Caulfield gathering, bat the Guineas day was on the whole a success, notwithstanding the rain. Mr. Hart considered he had a good thing in Jocular for the Maiden Plate, and the brother to Gymkhana ran a good race, though beaten by Recall. Duration shoved his Bupenorityonce mote in the Hardies, and the Hon. J. White proved his almost invincible title to the Foal Stakes, which he carried off with Acme. Ringmaster's was agood win for his stable in the Guineas. The Hunter's Cap was a pretty good thing for the Adelaide horse, Karrung, who has been purchased by .George Bead from Mr. Harris. The Toorak Handi cap furnished a surprise in the victory of Mentmore. As the weather is now clearing it is anticipated there will be a very large attendance at the Cup on Saturday. The fact that forty-eight horses have accepted for the Caulfield Cup has fairly staggered the general public, who hoped to see the weeds and doubtfuls cleared out and the list reduced to the reasonable dimensions of a field likely to face the starter. It will be a wonderful race if anything like forty runners sport silk on Saturday, and yet there are many who believe that young Mr. Watson will take thirty-five to forty horses in charge. Taking them in the order in which they now appear the top-weight is Welcome Jack, who, with 9 st. 4 Ib., commands sufficient respect to be sup ported for a pot of money. He is looking and doing welL Sardios I shall regard as a doubtful Etarter. If he were really meant bis owner ban left it late in the day to get his money on, as he would come to a very short twice on the first move being made to back him. He must be a much better horse over a mile and a half than when he ran second in the Derby to Martini-Henri, but in such a scrambling event as the Caulfield Cup he would not appear to advantage, as he might be blocked by others who had not the ghost of a show, and possibly come to some harm by being trodden on or ran over. The general crowd will make a terrible rush to get past the stand and up the hill; but it is not at this part of the race that Sardins would be at home, and when he tried to come at the end he might be blocked, as there is sure to be a bunch near the end of tie journey with ench a field as this. The chances are therefore against Sardius winning even if he is a starter. Blink Bonny is a good mare who must have a big ear if well on the day, bat yesterday she pulled up "a bit dotty after a gallop. Tom Brown is a fine striding colt with rather much action, and is said to tire himself, and may not like the last quarter of a mile. He is very fast, and must be in it if he can stay. Mozart has not done enough to warrant the opinion that he can win. Madcap may come into the market at the last moment, but her stable have made many mistakes before and may make another on this occasion. Lord Wilton is in every way deserving of con fidence, as he is doing well and an improving horse. Coriolanus is a light of other days, who is half-blind, and hardly likely.to see the end of this journey* Warwick has been heavily backed for the Melbourne Cup, and is not likely to start in this race. Dirk Hatteraick won't like the last quarter in the company, but may run well for a mile. Plausible should be a dangerous customer at the weight and over this distance if it happens to be iris day out. The Israelite is a bit cronky yet, and not reliable on this occasion. Archie will probably be an absentee. St. Lawrence must have a good enow, and is feared by other candidates. Grace Darling is out-classed here. Gratitude, if she gets away well, is one of the best in the race, and it is to be hoped she will sot be blocked. Lantern I don't like for his present task, the distance being a bit too far for him in the company, according to his racing when be belonged to Mr. Pile. Hilltop £ unreliable. Despot must have a big say in it if he doesn't cross his legs again and stumble. Velocipede ought to go near winning if he is wanted, but it v whispered that he is a market favorite, and may be scratched at the last moment, or as good as scratched on the day. Impulse performed well at Wagga, and should be in the dangerous division. Signor is hardly likely to beat such a big field. Brown and Rose has been backed for the Melbourne Cup, and should be saved for the big event. Country Boy is reported to have beaten St. John in a trial, but tins statement is taken cum grano. He will, however, show a good torn of foot if Mr. Hart has put the dollars on, and this gentle man and his trainer, Bead, live a reputation for astuteness amongst turfites here. They can hardly expect to win both cups though. Anglesey will probably be a non- starter. Clap trap, a wonderful performer in private, is leading his people into no end of expense in backing hiii>, but he has only his Adelaide victory to 1 is credit, and though a brilliant horse be it utterly unreliable. 'The Andes can hardly be good enough for this company, and the same remarks must apply to Kingship, Britisher, Marie Louise, Tarpeia, 33taK&inbati;, Zjennox, fjncky Hit* Minerva, Keal Jam, Black Diamond, Sirocco, Lesbia, Vision, Forlorn Hope, Yellow Hammer, Too Too, and Urara. Lord Exeter was much fancied a few days ago, but bis admirers are now forsaking him, and he is going rapidly back in the market. Prince Imperial from his Hawkeabnry running must be held in respect, and so must Winchester (late Manchester), because he is a powerful colt, very free mover, and carries a head o* money with him. With a fair field and no favor I like Lord Wilton, Gratitude, Tom Brown, and Winchester. I am just afraid after his running in the Guineas last Saturday, and from what I hear since, thatDunlop will not have much to say in the V.R.C. Derby. He was beaten easily enough by Ringmaster, who is only a little "on, and there is something better than the latter amongst the bigger ones who will start for die Bine mtmiri. Th e excuses made for Dunlop were that he was short of work, and the Guineas gallop would do him good; also, that bis legs are troubling him. But I fancy be will meet something better than himself on the day, and that he will again be compelled to take a back seat. When Isonomy makes his appearance here to-morrow, if he lands sound and well, he will have many admirers at Flemington, and a gallop or two on the track will Boon shorten his price. The ring are not disposed to take any liberties with him at present, as, even when they were knocking out everything at the dub last night, 1,000 to 150 was all that the Leviathan would offer at the price. Nordenfeldt, Thunderbolt, and Winchester all look like Derby horses, and it is from this trio that thewinner will come, if anything beats Isonomy. The Hon. J. White states he has not yet backed Nordenfeldt, and would prefer Monte Christo or Uralla to win ; but he wont have much chance to back him unless be is content to take a short price. Both Monte and file mare look somewhat stale, but Nordenfeldt is fall of health and vigor. He is a very lazy colt, and has to be ?W"?p up considerably; bat it is said he is able to travel with the fastest although he goes slow with a slow Hm, and that he will hang on with the tenacity of a bulldog to the bitter end. Thunder bolt has the reputation also of being good at the finish, bo that between these two and Isonomy in the straight the fight should be some thing worth witnessing. As Thunderbolt and Winchester are in the same hands, and the former carries their Derby money, it most be presumed that he is the better of the two for the classic race. Parwan is a colt that made a good impression in the Guineas, and The Pencil is much liked by many. I hear that 'Robertson, who rode him in the Guineas, has declined to ride Dunlop in the Derby. The defeat of Maddelina in the Foal Stakes was pot only a disappointment to the Adelaide contingent, but was also a surprise to many others, who regarded her as a very Rood thing forthe Maribyrnong. The great two-year-old race is still a very open question. Philip Augustus is reported to nave gone a bit wrong, but before the day there will be other young sters coming to the front, and Maddelina may have the inclination to display the form that she has exhibited on the Old Course. Although Coronet is under a cloud his owner is Bangnine that he will see the post, and be a good tiling for the Melbourne Cap. Coronet was out doing a fairly good gallop yesterday afternoon, so that he must have recovered to a great extent from his supposed indisposition. 