Sunday Heading1. A King's Mistake. Br 1Tb. D. L. Moobt. IrlirXS? you to reftd what' is said about J. horhiphat in the first twelve verses of the 17tli chapter, 2nd'Book of Chronicles. He> us.you-know, was a servant of God and be made the same mistake that Lot did when he tried 10 bo the friend of m*n. Under his reign the kingdom was at the height of its glory, and never.did a king stand higher in thenati.n thin did. Jeboshaphat in the first year of his reigu.. In the. third year he selected five, princes and nine priests, and they west forth oal held Bible meetings all over the country. * And they taught iu Judah, and had tho law, or the Lord with them, and went about throughout all the cities, of Judih, and tanght the people.' And the fear of the Lord fell; upon all the Kingdom,, and the' lands that were round about Judah, so that they; xudde no war against Jthoshapbat, and come cf tlu Philistines brought Jehoshapkat rich pre sents, tribute? of silver, and herds, and flocks. Bat mark what follow* next His prosperity ruined him. He outlived his usefulness, and it would have been better if he had died earlier, for wo read in the opening of the next chapter xr»*t he strengthened himself against Israel, and 14 joined affinity" with Ahab, who was th * mcs; wicked man, and his wife, the most « wicked woman on the face of the oarth at that time. But when he actually joined affinity whh Ahab, tuV enemy of GoJ, the man who a short time before had sought all roundabout his kingdom to pat him to death, God left him, lor J-hoahnphit knew whin he joined Ahab that authority had already gone from God that hs should be smitten: Probably he thought if he joined Ahab he should strengthen his kingdom. It was an unholy alliance, and the wrath of God was npcu him for it, and the Prophet of the Lord rebnked him in words, which fiust have smote him to the heart, as we read in the 22nd ver*e of the 19th chapter, * And Jehu, the ton of Han∋, the neer, went our to meet him, and saldto King Jehoehaphat, *5houlde=t thou help the ungodly, and love them that hate the Lord? Therefi r> is wrath upon thee from before tho Lord.' Then Jeho bhaphatV eldest son goes down and marries Miss Ahab, who, I suppose, was as bad as her mother, and it was this that brought ruin on his family. If mothers are eager to marry tfieit daughters to rich m n, whether they are Christian men or not. merely for the s-ike of getting rich, or make grand ladies of them, they make a serious mistake. If QhrUt his bought ns with His preciou^ blood, we ought to keep away from the spirit ^ and practxpbs of the world as far as we cao. * Oh,' peojoe say, 1 this is a very amiable man/ So he may be; bat dr> we not read in one of Pant's epistles to the Corinthians: 1 Be ye not unequally yoked with unbelievers, for what fellownhiphathrighteoa^ness with unrighteous ness ? And what communion hath light with darkness r Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separata eaith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you and will be a Father to you, and ye shall be my eons and daughters, 6aith the Lord 27ow, I believe that not only has that re ference to our everyday life aud business, but|to a'l our relation) with our neighbours, and -it applies to our home circle particularly. I don't believe a Christian man has a right to be " married tojan pn-Christian woman. Let there be Christian mirth among us; hut the mirth that cbeers^he world would freeze up a true Christian. -Some people will quote the 17th chapter of John on this subject of separation. I have not time to go into it now, but I will joat read three verses. ' I have given them j Thy word; and. the world hath hi ted them. ! V emse they'are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. I pray not that Thou ehouldesttakethemoutof the world, but that Tbotx should'st keep thfm from the evil. They are sot of the world, even as I am not of the world/ God'a people do not belong hero. . Our citizecrhip is in heaven. We are strasgers h to. ' Christ gives us grace that wc may keep izina the world. A we el in the water is one thing; but the water in the vessel is quite another. It fr the water in the vessel that carries down tbejtolp. • Therefore I would say to every child of G»>:1, ' Keep as ■ far as you can from the world/. If you go into it. let it be. to drag somebody else out. It was a bad day for Israel when they longed for the flerh potsof the Kgjptians. Ahi they forgot the whip of the tu^k-jaa-jterj thinking of the garlic. If you take my advice you will keep fur away from the world- as faraway as yop cm. There was an apple tree near our hou-ie Nchen I was a boy, and a bough of the tree hung over the road, "prd by the Liw of our:pountry ererj body who passed hid « right tdpluek tbo appkb that hui-g over the wall, well, I never knew a ripe apple to como off that tree ; they were ull plucked off More thvy were, ripe. There are many thuwands of people who caunot deride n w against the world bfcau'e they are no y<keJ with it. A friend r.f mine had a .sweet-sir: ring canary. He said it seamed to him to hi a pity that the po»-r thing should'kVconflbed in that cage; he v/onld lit it out into the fcrest um-mget the rpanowi?.'"- itat it soon loath s beautiful voice, and <ver after could only nay, 1 Chu-.k, chuck, dmck/ In the eime way re my Christians by I ring yoked. wph the vorll Ithrir *%ert * >h( Ji.il f i nz;y t \v. 'Ch e*:, rimer i hoe;;,* h'-"at o the*/1 ; '-'J -v. v «*o ,y n* hf The pwple who go uat* uix up wuh vfcu worid | to win the world, are those who do the most harm. No; lift high the . standard of the Lord I Let down the standard, and people will forsake you. I say the higher the better, for then all faise disoiples will fall away, and you c-Will have a b.»dy of true friends left with the power of the Holy Ghost iu thorn. "We want a distingubhingline between a child of God and a child of wrath, and the quiokcr that line is .drawn the better. A worldly-minded Christian lady once said to me, she had agreed to go to the theatre once a week with her husband if he would go to church with her on Sunday. She asXed me tf she had done right, because she was. a professed Christian. I said, * I leave that to your own conscience. Isyour hus band any better for going to church with you ? * No,' she replied, * I think he is worse.' Bepend upon it the moment the wife lets down the standard she loses her influ nee over her husband, Hind, I am not preaching Against the theatre now; I am simply speaking to believers in Christ, servant* of Christ. I am only offering them something very much better than the theatre. I have no desire to go there myself, and if you take the Lord Jesus as your, friend you will do your best to please Sim, and let Him have the first place in your heart.' Ifyouhavo Him in'your heartitwill be a greater joy than any the world can 3ver hringyon ; for there is ho joy on. earth like that which is won by being a true disciple of Jesus Christ. If you are willing to-d*y to come into the fellowship of God,' you can walk with'Him day by day. You will at once mount up higher and higher, the world will recede and look smaller and smaller, and God bee >me nearer. Eucch lived in .darker days than ours, and yet he walked with God, and if we vrill only just wa'k with Him, Ho will lead us to fountains of living wafers. " May God help his own people to shine brightly, <o-flash out of darkness, that men may take knowledge of. uh that wo~bavo been with 'J«mis! But remember,'the world hates the light. Cbrist was the light of the world, and the world extinguished it at -Calvary. Now he has left his people to sbine. ' Ye a?e the light of the world.' Ho-ha*l*-ft us here to shine. He means ns to be Hiving epistles, known and rctd of all mfn.f The world is certain to watch, and to read you and me. * If we are inconsistent, then you may be Mire tbe world will take occasion to stumble at it. Tbe world fin is plenty of difficulties in the way; let us see that we Christians do not add more i stumbling biocks by, our un- Cbristlike walk God Help us to keep our. lights burning, and;to have them clear and brilliant. 