Amongst Beasts. Birds, and Beptiles. Br a Visitor. Then folks won't you go To see the monkey 6bow ! The bengal tigcrhe will be there, The lingtailcd monkey and the polar bear. — Anon. Who the patriotic individual was who originally ? came to the conclusion that for educational and recre ative purposes the zoological exhibition was a most desirable thing we are not in a position to state. Wild beast shows have flourished for years in European communities, and proved a source of great profit to professional showmen, of whom Womb well and Van Hamburgh were dulUUgbv tile XUUBv JjGpULa( dUU Cu vUljJlibllJg ? Some of us are old enough to recollect when the ex hibitor of the skeleton of a whale which was carted through England in a series of vans in sections was a most profitable investment to the proprietor. Country folks rushed to see the skeleton of the fish credited with having swallowed Jonah, and the showman made a point of specially drawing attention to the exact locality in the interior of the fislytvhere the prophet resided during his temporary incarceration. Simple folk believed all this, and a great deal more which the showman told them respecting other exhibits he had in the way of reptiles and amorphous creatures, which had either too many or too few limbs, accord ing to the natural standard of allowance. Most people have some idea of natural history, even if it has only been picked up from children's picture books, and a wild beast show is always popular, and ever will be. We made some attempts many years ago to form a zoological exhibition in the Botanic Gardens, but beyond getting together a tolerable aviary and a col lection of monkeys the effort failed. The mode of life most of those creatures led was of a very abnor mal kind, and after struggling against the powers of ignorance most of them gave up the ghost. A more doleful public department did not exist than the zoo logical section of the Botanic Gardens. The curator got very little sympathy from either the Government 'or the public, and he foretold what would be the results of the absurd position he was placed in long before they eventuated. It was lucky for the holiday-Tasking public that at last a few gentlemen, were found to form a society for the purpose of taking over the ragged remnant of birds and beasts from the Botanic Gardens and find i ing them better quarters elsewhe. One or two aged monkeys and a patriarchal cockatoo, whose constitu tions set at defiance all attempts to destroy them by the administration of unnatural and unwholesome diet, still survive to glorify the action of that small band of humanitarians who took their cause in hand and enabled them to emigrate to Moore Park. The locality originally selected for a site on which to form the gardens was a dismal waterhole 'rej oicin g in the name of Billy Goat Swamp, and a more uncanny looking spot could hardly have been found near the city. To reclaim it and plant it with shrubs was no light task to undertake, let alone to furnish appur tenances for the accommodation of wild animals. The beginnings were small enough, and all sorts of obstacles were thrown in the way of the promoters. The site was objected to because it was too near the water reserve. The amount of malodorous rubbish which had to be deposited on the land to fill up holes led people to cry out against the institution on sanitary grounds, and it was voted a nuisance, both present and pros spective. It was alleged that the project was too great far a handful of private individuals to carry out, and that sooner or later it must drift into the hands of Government or the municipal authorities, and prove an expensive legacy. Still the promoters worked away, and got the grounds open to the public at last. Kindred societies in other countries became correspondents, and as marsupials, cockatoos, and magpies were much desired in other places, and those who have them as neighbours in this were very glad to get rid of them, a sort of mutual emigration board was formed, and a collection of minor animals was made. Sundry Eastern potentates did good service by sending noxious animals as donations, and his Majesty of Siara earned the eternal gratitude of the children by assisting the society to get a couple of elephants with attendant mahouts. A tan bark track was formed at once, and the noble beasts work hard to earn their own living, and do that duty in the station of life to which they are called by carrying children round the tan at three pence per head, much to the advantage of the ex chequer. A couple of bears were also introduced, and a pit built partly for their accommodation, and also to avoid the repetition of the disaster that befel the children who made game of the prophet, which, considering the way the commanding officers of the Salvation Army are treated now, might be ex pected if service were held in the grounds and the bears were about. These and sundry other creatures less amenable to kindness, such as a lion, two hyenas, a leopard, whose life is one continual snarl, and a number of snakes, all more or less venomous, backed up by a regiment of monkeys and troops of all sorts of birds, make up a very interesting collection, which is daily being added to. An afternoon at ' TheZoo '' is always a pleasant way of passing an hour or two. There is much to be said respecting.the habits of the animals of which 99 people out of 100 are entirely ignorant. This is to be obtained partly from the comments made by visitors, and partly by inspecting for oneself. The general impression appears to be that lollies are the staple articles of food for animated creation. The elephants eat them, so do the hyenas, bears, native dogs, pec caries, and divers strange creatures. We have to thank the energetic secretary for having, at his own coat, illustrated this of the weasel and rat tribe. Monkeys devour them by dozens — indeed it is difficult to make out when a monkey's stomach is full and what it will refuse to eat, so long as it is edible at all. Possibly believing that the old historical distich was true, which runs Onct. ou a time, 'When pigs vseie swine, And monkeys chewed tobacco, sundry persons fed the Zoological monkeys on tobacco, with the result that they departed thiB life straight away, proving conclusively how little faith can be placed on history, and also raising the con jecture that, if tobacco will kill monkeys, what will it not do to boys ? But these are outside educational issues. The charm of a visit to a zoological gardens really lies in its novelty and never- failing interest. The habits of the creatures may not be studied much, owing to the artificial life they are leading, but their form is the suae. 