?m tttr f/mtotj. ? Sir— In your issue of the 27th a correspon dent—Mr, W. Robertson— said with # refe rence to the University examinations — 'Surelv we mkht ext-eet from one who intends to become a University student some knowledge of history, geography, and grammar without their being considered irk some;' and of the student he says— 'His mind and reasoning powers are strengthened, and he is enabled to take a wider view of his particular branch of learning.',' With regard to the first statement, I think it depends entirely upon how much knowledge the word 'some' covers, whether its acquisition is ' irksome' or not. For. instance, I have before me a copy of the questions put on the ' outlines' of geography at one of the primary examinations at the Adelaide University. They run thus :— L Draw maps showing the course of the Rivers Danube, Mississippi, Murray, Severn, and Rhone, marking their principal tributaries, and the chief cities or towns situated on or near them. 2. Give in geographical miles the approximate distancej as the crow flies, between Singapore and Batavia, Formosa and Timor, St. Helena and Cape Town, Socotra and Aden, San Francisco and Vancouver's Island, Sydney and Cape York, Wellington and Melbourne, and describe the geographical position of each. 3. Draw a map of New Zea land showing its principal towns, andmarking the latitude and longitude. What is the lati tude and longitude of Fremantle, Albany, Port Darwin, Bobart Town? 4. Describe the position of the following islands, and state to whom they belong:— Porto Rico, Hainan, Cape Breton, Trinidadj Crete, Hawaii, Skye, the Bermudas. 5. Name the four most populous cities or towns in the Russian Empire, the Chinese Empire, the Austrian Empire, England, France, South Australia, and state tneir population. 6. Give the capitals and largest towns of the following American States :— Michigan, Illinois, West Virginia, Tennessee, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wis consin. 7. Where are the following capes :— St. Lucas, Comorin, Wratb, Lopatba, Colonna, Corso, La Hague, the Naze, Malin Head? Take the second question. There are hun dreds if not thousanda of places in the world of equal or greater importance than those named, and to be prepared to answer such a question the student must know the latitude and longitude of every such place, and as a degree of longitude varies from nothing to over sixty-nine miles, he need carry in hia head a table of the distance of a degree of longitude in every degree of latitude to enable him to work out an arithmetical aa well as a geographical problem. The same remarks will more or less apply to the other questions. I cannt say whether Mr. Robert son would consider it 'irksome' or not to have to acquire and retain sufficient know ledge to answer such questions as the fore going, but I think most people would. I doubt, however, whether the acquisition of such knowledge would greatly strengthen a student's reasoning powers, or enable him to take a much wider view in any other branch of learning. It might, however, improve hia memory, provided it did not break it down. There can be little doubt, however, that he would become a hopeless idiot, or a magnifi cent specimen of a walking gazateer. I am, Sir, &c;, COCKER'S GHOST. 