A STRANCE VOYAGE. BY W. CLAB1C BDSSELL. Author op "A Sea Queen," " Tiir Lady Maed," "A Sailor's Sweetheart, ' ' "Tim Wreck op tiie Grosvexor, &o.; Chapter XIII. — (Continued). When I entered the cabm, I fonud Hornby reading at tho end of it not far distant from Miss Edwards, who was knitting or sowing 01 doing something of tlmt kind, and tho colouo lying back iu an American chair, m slippers liis legs hoisted up, and a pair of glasses oil hii nose, through which lie was staring iuto a hook I pulled off my oilskins and took a seat uen Miss Edwards, and (old Iter about the dog anr the kennel that had gouo by. This iutcrostei her, aud tho way in which sho brightened uj into talk induced ono to guess that she luu been bored anil was glad of fresh company. After a bit, Mr. Edwards came out of lii; berth, leauing ou the steward, nud withim minute of his nppcamnco Miss Iiiglcficl- arrived. Hornby bopped up, and was alt brisk ness anil smirking genteel sympathy. Wa< Miss Inglefield bettor? llc hopctl she was. Sea sickness was a fearful thing. Ho had been . horribly . 'unwell himself, but had quite re covered. It ouly wanted a littlo patience and all that sort of thing, don't you know, Miss Inglefield did not look mucli'/tlio' worsa for her bout. I thought her now to be a bit prcttior than I had heforo found' her. Hex gold- colored hair was very silky and plentiful, nnd tlio parting on ono side mado her demure, quiet faco rathor piquant. Slio smiled some what nervously in response to Hornby's eager, old beau liko greetings, mid auswercd him in words I could not catch, with a glanco at her father, as if his faco was tho barometer slic wntr accustomed to mako or shorten sail by. Sho then passed on to her mother's berth. Edwards gave a groan and then a laugh as ho sank into a clinir. . Pnlillslicd iij- i-reclA nrraBficmtufc with the aiittw;. All rights reserved T7T Recovered from your sickness, Hornby ?" I Li) inquired. " Quito ; and you ?" " Well, I felt a little squeamish early this Slioming, but, as tragedians say after they liuvo soon a ghost, ' 'Tis gone 1' at least I think so end ho paused to feci tbo lieavo the ship was then giving as though uncertain of himself. I asked after his gout. ; «' It's not tho sort of weather for it," he re plied, with his jolly smile, though turning up his eyes, not without forlornness in them, to the skylight. " It's in my loft heel badly, and my left arm, from the elbow to the wrist, feels as if a carpenter were planing it." C " You cannot expect tho sea to cure yon at onoci papa," said Miss Ed wards, i "I expeot nothing, my love," he replied. " Colonel, how are you getting on ? How'syour Wife?" The other pnt down his book and pulled the glasses off his nose. j " Sho'll be up for lunch." he shouted ; ' I've insisted upon it, My notion is one can humor kickncss — mako it -go on lasting. Take a Jyouth going to sea for the first time, Edwards ; he's so ill that he fcels -ho must die. Mind — ihere's ho nonsense: die lie must — that's his xonvicl ion. Yet the mate drives him up the toiast with a grease-pot in his hnnd, and the lad . Ifeets. through Ins work Were he a passenger ho would keep his bed for a week." "Perfectly true!" cried Hornby. "A very ' -Sensible view indeed." f " You'll forgive me, Edwards," continued the colonel, laughing honrscly and looking "gratified J " if I suggest- that oven rheumatic igbut may be over-nursed. It's like sea-sickness. Imagine yourself forced to jump about, to run and pull, and so on. The exercise would soon get your bones right." (' " My dear colonel," rejoined Edwards good- humorcdly ; " if at a hanqnet I were to pierce your heels with a bradawl, and then, when tho pain was most excruciating, insist upon your Vising and rotnrning thanks for the Indies in 'a humorous speech, could you talk, do you think?" , -' " 'Well, perhaps not," shouted the colonel. " Nor could Inow jump about and run, and "to on. You healthy men have no sympathy. -You're like a fellow perspiring in a Turkish \>ath in December and wondering how on earth people's teeth can -be chattering in the north easterly wind outside." '.t "I hope this weather will not last long," .Eaid Miss Edwards, abruptly changing the con versation, possibly from distrust of the colonel's lace that was full of noisy argument. And then she told her papa of the dog and kennel I 'had seen, and added that I considered they 'signified a shipwreck in tho neighborhood. The colonel bad not heard ma when I spoke £o heron the subject, and he now rapped out: Eh ! what's that, Mr. Aubyn ? a shipwreck ? where ?" .-J I explained tbat one of the sailors had sug gested that tho kennel had floated off the deck of a foundering ship. ; it was one way to ac count for tho objects washing about in the sea here. ,'| '.'.Notliing more likely," shouted he. " This . is the very weather for shipwrecks. Arc we . . under much sail?" ' " A pretty fair amount," soldi. " Are we moving fast ?" ... "About six or seven knots an hour," I re plied. -" Tell. you. what it is, Edwards," he bawled, I ' Pipes may be a good man, but in my opinion he's foolhardy." t . " No, no 1" cried little Hornby, shaking his Tread rapidly. I "I say yes, yes!" roared the colonel. \- f What's the duty of a careful captain in a .fogt Why, by George ! to heave the ship to, .of course. And yet we are rushing blindfolded Into — into anything that may happen to he in .the way." f "Well, I feel perfectly safe," said Mr. Ed- yrards. " And so do I," observed Hornby. "What do you say, bliss Edward; ?" . " Oil, we must hope there is nothiug to he afraid of," she replied. . I Had she not been present I believe I shonld have played upon the colonel's nervousness, which would have been an easy task, as cue Eaw by his jerks and starts, as. he glared up at lie skylights and looked around him into the \- darksome corners of tho cabin, that my sugges tion that thero had lioen a shipwreck in the neighborhood had rather upset him. As it \- happened, Mr. Edwards quite unconsciously increased the gloom that, hang upon the brow of the loud voiced military man by saying, ." Hornby, I suppose the Silver Sea is provided with plenty of lire saying appliances in case of disaster?" j " There is no ship afloat carries better boats," ..replied tlio little fellow; "and there are a lot of .' life buoys and all that sort of thing, don't von know ? .' " All what sort of thing, don't yon know, besides tlio life buoys ?" shouted the colonel. " Spars and hencoops," said Hornby. , " Humph 1" growled the colonel. "" Just the sort of articles to knock people on the head among the waves and sink the strongest \- swimmers." " Pray," said I, observing Miss Edwards to -look wistfully and thinking this sort of talk konsensc, " let ns remember tbat we are a party of pleasnro seekers, that wc are abroad a stout, stanch, handsome clipper ship, and that wc intend to bo at borne, please God, in sound . health by what the Yankees call the fall. Eh, Mr. Hornby ? Thero is no use in undergoing iJHipwrcck every day by talking about it." -. The colonel jumped np. "I'll go and \- satisfy my own mind !" he cried. "I'm an old \- sailor and don't believe iu driving a ship through r fog and be bundled into his wife's cabin for his boots. ' Hornby presently leaving ns I was able to ' 6av a few words to Mr. Edwards about his little ' friend's drunken skylarking on the previous ' night. Ho agreed with mo that it was best to allow Hornby to remain in ignorance of his be havior, as it not only kept him free from cm- Larrassmont, but jt would also pacify Mrs. In- ' glefield, when she perceived for herself that tho ' little man liad no recollection of his miscon- duct. "The colonel seems rather , disposed' to be bad tempered, papa," exclaimed Miss Edwards. "No, my dear, it' is his manner. . He'suf- ' rered seriously from his liver in India, Aubyn, .' and nover qnito recovered his nerves: Ho is sound enough at bottom. Besides," exclaimed the old gentleman, bursting into a laugh,' " wo jmnst all allow that last night's business was . quite enough to justify a little mildness in him this morning, t didn't dare linger in a door- fay wlion the light was turned on ; I should havo choked with laughter, and that would never have done." " Well, dear-, I earnestly hcqie this yoyage may benefit you," said she. " My daughter speaks ns if she had alreadv hnd enough of the sea, Aubyn— and hero we are not two days out yet 1" said the old follow. " The sea is. a little tedious — von must ad mit that," said she, with a half glance at inc. "But we mustn't admit it," I replied, "Hero we are for the purpose of enjoying our selves, Miss Edwards ; and it will not do to call tho play dull before tho curtain is fairly lifted." She twitched down tbo corners of her mouth and went oil with her work. I had not licforo particularly noticed tho length and loveliness of her eyelashes. They gave a raro . shadow of bennty to her rich complexion as they drooped to her cheeks with tho downward bonding of licr gaze. Her father looked at her thought fully, running his oye over her fignro, till you saw" the prido it gavo him replacing his other mood and kindling in his face. Our glauce3 met. "After all, Aubyn," said lie, "this voyage is really a last resource of mine. , .If I am bene fited or curod, shall I not ho repaid for. the, cost of a few months of tediousness? You see I moke no stranger of you, I involve yon in this spell of emiui for the sake of ray gout. You ore very kind to make one of us." ' "Yon havo thanked mo enough, I am sure. If you had any of the eujoymont I am getting and menu to go on getting out of this voyage, you would' luiow to whom gratitude is really duo." Here, little Hornby's rctnrn caused us to drop the subject. The. brief chat, however, mado me think that Edwards ought to havo foreseen that his daughter would not take long to bo bored by licr association with people, like the Inglofiolds. She would havo been better ploased, I dare say, to have made the journey alono with lior father. Of nil their friends, and I believe they knew plenty of people, the Ingieficlds, one might have sworn, would bo tho very last to plcaso Margaret Edwards with their company. Indeed, I thought then, and have always thought sinco, that the trip was badly managed. The Indies should havo had a woman to wait upon them. Then 1 do not consider thatoui ship's company was numerous enough, remem bering that tho voyago was one of pleasure, to call it so. Likewise there shonld havo been more guests — room could have easily been found — pleasant people really fond of the sea and able to enter into tho spirit of the health- seeking adventure. Of course I understood the difficulty of getting the sort of friends quo would like to have to accompany ono in a sailing ship to the Cape of Good Hope and back. But it was no reason if tbo best could not be had why the worst should have been chosen. Presently the colonel returned with his hairy faco glistening. He was followed by Pipes, whose shaggy coat by holding tho wet caused him to appear crystallised. " Beg pardon," Mr. Hornby, I'm sure," said the skipper, whose square countenance wore an aggrieved expression ; " hut I should take it very kind of you, sir, if you'd iniorm the colonel here that I've been thirty-five years at sea, out of which tiino I have held a master's certificate for eighteen years, and that this ship is perfectly safe in ray charge." Hornby looked indignant and tossed his head, twisting his small figure about. "Really, Colonel "bo began. "Look here, Hornby I" shouted the colonel ; " Pipes mistakes. He's too sensitive Ho'sau old sailor and so am I. I Eunply desire to point out to liim that, in my opinion, a ship in weather of tliis kind ought to be brought to a stand— bovo to ; you know the meaning of that term, Aubyn ; and by George, if n man at my time of lifo isn't to ho allowed to havo an opinion of his own, why, confound it " " Mr. Hornby," exclaimed Pipes ; " the colonel comes up to mo and says, ' Captain, you've got too much sail on.' " " So you have ! it's quite true, by Jiugo !" shouted tho colonel. "I answered," continued Pipes, "that I know my own business ; and that if I didn't, I wasn't going to scliool to learuit from a military officer." "Yes, yes, that's nil very well," cried tlie colonel ; " but if you shonld run ns into a ship, tlio military officer may bo drowned, you know — he aud his wife and daughter, Captain Pipes ; and by Jupiter I under such circum stances, the military officer, as you call him, has a right to offer a protest against the pos sibility of risks." " Risks 1" exclaimed Pipes growing' hot. " There always arc risks at sea. But what are tho particular risks now that yon should come and tell me what to do, sir? Why, was yon to L-eave tbo ship to you'd bring somcthingViTc a risk npon us, for should anything draw down suddenly, there'd be no time to get out of the road — to get the vessel under command ; we'd be no better than a lialf-tido rock, just lit to he run into." " I bad no idea you were so nervous, colonel," said Mr. Edwnrdc. "Nervous! confonnd it, Edwards, I'm not nervous. I'm farsightcd. Don't call looking ahead ncrrousncss, hang it I" retorted the col met. "I want to provide against danger. But there, Captuin Pipes, let the matter rest, sir. I'll offer no more ndvieo. You shall do what you please with the ship," and with both hands he foil to curling his moustacho. Hornby, Edwards, and I then struck in, defending Pipcs's seamanship, assuring the colonel there was no danger and so forth. Eventually wc succeeded in dismissing the skipper with a tolerably com posed face, whilst tho colonel repaired to his wife's berth to ascertain what progress she was making in her toilet with the help of Iter daugh ter. After which the tlireecameout, and wc stood up to receive Mrs. Ingleficld and congratulate her upon her recovery. She was dressed with tho same tightness I had taken notice of yester day, but in another costuino. This time it was something uncommonly juvenile — blue -serge,' laced witli yellow ladder-like trimmings down tho breast ; and you only needed to put tho colouel into knickerbockers, and give them each a hoop, to convert them into an advanced couple masquerading ns children. Sho did. not look tho worse for her sickness. The powder, may he, on her faco concealed such traces as ono might expect to notice. Perhaps she had not suffered very severely, but as sho stepped out of her cabin', leaning in n kind of alboni-picture-liko poso on her daughter, you bow that sho had made np her mind not to lie seasick for nothing, und that it was her intontkm to remain interest ing for some time. I waitod with interest to see how sho would comport herself towards Hornby ; hut though I ridiculo because I dis liked lior— her artificiality, her make-up, her juvenility, and other unpleasant qualities in a woman whose daughter was old euough to he married and settled — yet she was a Lady when it came to such a matter ns dealing with Hornby's druuken blunder, and (lie way iu which she met him caused mo to think it was a great pity that sho should nutke suoli a fool of herself in her general conduct. If evor the colonel bad doubted my assur ance that Hornby had no recollection of what bad-happened, ho could no longer question, tho fact. Tlio little fellow's behavior was quito convincing. No man, -however impudent, could havo worn tho easy manner Hornby carried, could havo smiled upon Mrs. Ingleficld, congratulated her, bowed- and sliakon hands ns our friond. did, hud ho been seiisihlo of tho mistake he had committed on tho previous night. So hero wore wo nil. now supposed to bo recovered from sea sickness, and certainly nobody complained ; Edwards talked freely and liis laugh was tolerably frequent ; Hornby flitied about and seemed to understand the deck, though tho danco of the ship was prottv gay ; Mrs. Ingleficld, seated at Margaret Edwards's side, looked pcusivo aud smiled wanly ; on tho othorsido was her quiet daughter, answering questions in a low voice, bat looking on the whole very well. But tho skylights overhead remained blind with tho ashon drizzle, aud every liouo of tho Silver Sea creaked- again ns; sho drove under her maiutopgallant sail through the damp thickness that overhung the deep. Ciui'rai XIY. — We Sight a Sail. The day passed, ns it was hound to do, fair or foul ; we mado a long husinoss of lunching just to kill time, though not many of us ate very heartily, 'Mrs. Inglefield did not talk much, liniing an invalid port to play, but tho rest of ns found plenty to gahblo about. Tho colonel, probably regretting his manner of going on deck and talking to Pipes, spoke to the old skipper in a jileasanter fashion than I should have thought possible in so loud-voiced and heavily-whiskered a man and the cap tain, who was a person naturally nmiable and very anxious to please, met his military friend inoro than half way ; so that on the whole that lunch was an agreeable incal, and wo protracted it gladly enough in the faco of the weather, and the reminder of it that wonld come now and again iu tho sliapo of a smart lashing of tho skylight windows, when a bit of a squall came driving along with tho mist. We were a free and easy party, for whon lnnch was ovor wo men 6at smoking at the table, whilst the ladies withdrew to the cnil of tho cabin ; though let it he understood that wo were not so frco and easy but that we took great care, by dint of repeated and eamest in quiries. to learn that there was no fear of Mrs. Ingleficld and her daughter being capsized afresh by the fumes of tobacco. It was this freedom and easiness that caused me to hope wo should hare a jolly tiino of it after all; spito of the colonel's temper and his wife's posture making. Our adventure was iu reality u marine picnic ; and to have shipped tho stricter conventions, to have brought with us tho severer shore going restraints, as if tho cabin of the Silver Sea were a drawingroom in Grosvcnor-sqnare, instead of a plain, hearty, salt, bulkhcudcd interior, wonld have converted the voyago into a dull, tiresome, and even harassing business. When wo had done with our tobacco we joined tiio ladies, first learning from Pipes, who favored ns with the news down the companion, that it (the weather) was still as thick as mud in a wineglass ; and I asked Miss Edwards if she would sing. "It is almost too soon to sing," said she. "It would be lifco playing the piano on a see saw. It would feel very strange, I think, to sing amid all this motion till one got quite used to it:" " Try and imagine, dear," said Mrs. Inglc- fiold, who wns' lying back with her head cushioned and a smelling bottle in her band, " that the movement is merely the ship keep ing time to your charming voice." " A very pretty image— a most poetical fancy," cried little Hornby, giving Mrs. Ingle field a bow. She looked at ber hnsband, then at me, and dropped her eyes with the air of an embarrassed girl. " Come, try your hand, Margaret— there's no harm in making the experiment any way," said Edwards. Without further fuss she went to the piano. Wo-nll looked at her, and I noticed Mrs. Ingle ficld take her in, with a woman's sweep of the eye that followed on to her own figure. : Eveu tho colonel stared with his brows wrinkled up, as though he found something fine and ad mirable in tho stately girl, and was deep in thought over . it ; while Hornby sprang to his feet and opened the, piano, and stood alongside of it, ready to turn the music for her or do anything else she wanted. It was a tax upon my gravity to contrast the shipowner's littlo form, side by sido with the girl's, beautiful shape. A man needs n good figure to show np well against n finely-made woman seated at a -piano ; for every defect is then accentuated, and long legs never look longer, a thick neck never looks thicker, an ugly face never looks uglier, aud awkwardness of posture and movement is never awkwardcr than at such a time.. Hornby, however, like ono or two other little men I have known, did not, at any time of my acqnniutnnco with him, give me reason to think that lie considered himself short, llo did not wear high licels When a small man knows ho is small, thero will bo an air of discomfort in him when standing up with a tall man. Hornby nbver conveved this impression when conversing with Edwards, who, nt such times, appeared big enough to pocket tho littlo chap ; and his going now and posting himself alongside Miss Edwards, who, when seated, was very near to his level, showed an insensibility that a sensitive, small wan might onw. tiowevor, whilst I was engaged in suppress ing liiy- .merriment over tho figure cut by llornby at the piano, iuid wondering what expression his faco would take were lie to bo told of his doings on tlio previous night, Miss E Iwards began to sing (from memory), and in a breath ray whole .mind went to hor voice, and I could think of nothing olso. Agreeable as hor tones were to hear in conversation, no one. would, havo' sup posed from them that, she wns mistress of ono of tho richest nnd purest contralto voices prob ably ever henrd in a person who was not a pro fessional singer. I know it is tlio custom of novelists to make their heroines sing with an art and perfection which are utterly ruinous to tho vraismblanca of their stories, because ono feels that if any woman evor did sing liko these Violets and Mauds and the rest of them, why, ouo would Iiuto heard of hor ; her uamo would be more familiar than that of Putti or Pasta. But thou this is not n uovel ; it is a fact ; aud I givo you my word that Margaret Edwards had as beautiful a voico as wns oyer heard in an amateur, and tbat sho snug with exquisite taste. Tlio moment tlio rich notes sounded, Hornby nnd Edwards and tlio rest of the company, tho cabin, the wcopiug skylights, melted out of existence I wns alone, listening to a voico incomparable in nttoranco and in vo- lumo of sweetness, and watching tlio liandsorao face whonco it procoedcd, with tho oyes bright ening aud flashing under tho inspiration of tho lovely notes, and tho soft rich choeks deopomug their damask till you. would havo thought it was tho exquisite sensibility you traced iu tlio singing thnt wns shedding its glow there. " Boautiful I" piped Hornby as she stopped nnd looked round to us with n smilo. " Beautiful indeed !" said I, in n manner that causod Mrs, Ihglofiold to Iialf close her eyes and fix theni on mo, whilst Edwards wore a well pleased look . as . ho leaned forward mid stroked his gouty log. She would not play or sing again, and ns nobody offered to tako her place, tho diversion of music was very short lived indeed. Veil, tho day slipped along, , and the dinner hour found the cabin still gloomy with the wet groy atmosphere without, But all at once, during the progress of tlio meal, it grew light; you saw the thinnest pinkish linzo come flowing through tho glass, followed by a clear beam of sunsliino that struck into every polished thing, a dozen reddish stars, aud brightest of all the reflectors among us aud hi tho cabin were tlio dark oyes of Miss Edwards as slio turned tlicin up with an exclamation of pleasure, Simultaneously with this gush of brightness, one hoard the watch on deck making sail. Pipes quitted the table to have a look round, and re turned aftsr a few minutes. " It's clearing up- properly," said he. "The drizzle and thickness have gone nway into the west'ards, where it looks as mucky 'as Jarrow mud ; but to wiiul'ard the sky's liko a pansy, ladies, which, if my memory serves mo cor rectly, is of au elegant blue, and ns the nir has the polish of a looking glass, I think I can promise you a first class sunset;" and tho old fellow, with a cheerful smile, turned his square face round upon us, one aftor another. " Oh, I hope so," cried Mrs. Ingleficld ; " I am so fond of fiue effects ?" " Out of India," shouted the colonel, "I havo nover secu a sunset worth looking nt. It's the same with storms. Y'ou get no lightning in England fit to mention. India's the place for phenomeua Why, hong mo, if 1 haven't seen the sun shining prec/i there." ' Lor' now 1" exclaimed Pipes. " Ay, green as grass, by George, sir 1" " After that, Edwards," said Hornby, with an incredulous grin, " who's going to prove that tho moon isn't mado of green cheese ?" " D'vo know, I fancied the damp was passing — my arm's better," observed Edwards. "Oh, how unromantic you are, Mr. Ed wards, to talk of yonr gout "when wc are think ing of sunsets," said Mrs. Ingleficld, fanning herself. "In which direction will the snn sink, Captain Pipes?". ' Iu the west, ma'am," replied Pipes, pleased to.give information. "I don't rnenn that ; of course the son. sinks in the west," she exclaimed tittering. "I mean what side of the ship will it disappear on?" " Oh, beg your pardon, I'm snre,''said Pipes, with a hit of color coming into his cheekbones. "On tho starboard how, on the right hand side." "Do you know of any poet, Margaret dear," said she, " who has written about sunsets ? It would tie so nice to hear tho lines read aloud whilst the sim sinks." "Do you think so?" replied Miss Edwards. "I should imagine that all the poetry one wants at such a time is to he found in tlie sun himself." "There is one tliiug, though, that might fitly attend lii.s descent," I remarked, " and make this particular departure of his memorable ; and that would be a song from Miss Edwards." "Oh, Mr. Aubyn," slio exclaimed, "just tliiuk of anyone having the assurance to sing the sun to sleep." "Tell you what it is, Pipes," exclaimed Hornby; " the sca'B growing smoother." "Right, sir, tho sloppinoss is diminishing, vet tlu-re'U lie some weight left in the wind." As tlio skipper spoke ho was hailed through the skylight by the chief mate, who hail charge of tlie deck. "There looks to be something wrong with that vessel to loo' ward, sir." "What do you notice? Has she n color flying ?" " No sir. So fnrnsl can mako out, sho ap pears to be in irons, Yet, though I've been w&tcliing.; I don't notice that there's anv effort made aboard of her to get her out of her mess." " How mil she hear, Mr. Bird?" " Abont three points ou tlio lee bow, sir." " Then keep tho ship away a point, or snv a point and a half, till I come ou deck, und meanwhile see if you can make nuytliing more of her." All this was so much Greek to Edwards and the colonel and the ladies, and when Mr. Bird lifted his head out of tho skylight Mr. Edwards said, "What ship are you talking about, captain ?" 'Why," answered Pipes, "when tho thick ness drew off it left visible a sail — too far away to tell lior rig— down to leeward. No uncommon object a sail hereabouts— Mr. Ed wards " " Yes," interrupted tlie colonel; "but it's very certain that your mute finds something uncommon in this particular sail." "What's the mcauiug of a vessel being in irons ?" required Miss Edwards. You cannot puzzle a sailor more than bl ushing him to dofiuo n marine term thoroughly iutclligiblo to him, but familiar only in tho form ho is asked to translate. Pipes shoved Lis plate nivny, and with contracted brows and much deep breathing was beginniug to explain with both hands, lookiugabout him for articles wherewith to mauuincture diagrams, whon to save tiino I said, " Excuse mo, enptain j isn't a ship iu irons when tho wind has so got hold of licr that slio won't cast ono way or tlio other ?" Why, yes, of course," ho responded, look- iug relieved. That's it, Miss Edwards," and lie pulled his plate back to him. "What do yon mean by cast, Mr. Aubyn?" asked Miss Inglefield, in hor gentle, law voico. ' " Tho word signifies turn, doesn't it, . cap tain? When you say a ship won't cast, Miss Iuglofield, yon mean (lint yon can't get her head to turn by moving tho helm." ' ' That's it, " observed Pipes, ' What barbarous jargon to bo sure !" CU5t,M Mrs. Ingleficld. > To think that tl10 beuS sea, so rich in poetry as it is, should have spired such rough and dreadfully m-ly WOr,u „ sailors uso. ' " That's becauso we're rough aud dreadfully ugly ourselves, ma.ura," aid Pipes hoarse v ami with a singular gnu as if bo bad a mind fa personally confirm ins own remark. "Curious, now, what can bo the .n,n with that- vessel," said the colonel, rovolviuli >vmo glass. « Nothing wrong, I hope, "f « rock, you know, is not a pleasnnt thing t0 Pn counter on tlie threshold of a jnnut of tl£ kind, by, George I It's like triS corpse, hang it! A confounded bad ome, ,lL1k"ioA"',U, eeinSSU1,CrStiti011Saboul " Clmrloy, you're so shocking. Youahrav, leap to tlio most horrible conclusions," said Id, wifo. . u 1111 " Suppose : she proves a wreck," exclaimed Hornby, " it can t matter,- When you walk along tho street you pass men with hum , follows w'lh wooden legs, people in rngs, and all that sort ot thing, don't voti know . \ " they don t stop you from getting safe home Tho ocean s a groat highway, and there's nothing to bo met upon it that need be thought ominous. Eb, Miss Edwards? don't think I'm right ? Why-, (he sea would be I very dull affair it it didn't give us something to look at now ntid then." 6 Wo were nil too anxious, however, to get on deck to full into an argument und linger at ti,e tublo. There was suusliinc in tlie air, aud it courted us, ns you may suppose, after our tedious confineiii.-al to tlie cabin. So the ladies wont for their lint s mul shawls, thou-h Mrs, Inglefield had a g;od d-d to say fimt concerning her doubts us t« whether the conlj walk, and whether the deck would not nmko her loci dizzy, nnd whether she ought not to liodown Pipes, behoving her genuine, exhorted hor to quit tho cabin for the fresh uir ; but tho rest of us, seeing a littlo deeper than the worthy skipper, wasted no words in persuading her to do tliut which sho mado up her mind to uud"r- tuko ; und presently wo were ull on deck. Tho soaking melancholy drizzle thai had imprisoned us was gone. Pipes was quite right ; tho windward sky was of a violet blue, though in the west the sun covered tlio -heavens with a yellow mantle of brightness, high as the huniuarv still was over the watcrlino. The sea wns of a very rich azure ; ouo might hare thought that the thin windy raining idl day bad cleansed it, of sucti wonderful purity was its buc. A fow largc-bosoucd clouds sailed slowlv into tho westwards, their shoulders of n brilliant orange, nnd their skirts so tinted that tlicy might have passed for wind galls. Tho breeze was a plea- saut wind, just enough to give n play of froth to the heads of the little seas as they ran. nnd.to inclino the ship by a strake or so. All plain sail bad beon made whilst wo were at dinner nnd when tho snn shono forth ; so that on reach- ing tho deck we found the Silver Sea a crowd of canvas, the yards braced in, the weather clew of the mainsail up, tlie sails looking liko yellow satin ns they swelled out towards the 6un, wliolo coustcllations.of golden fiery stars blaz ing about her decks iu the brass work and bright wood where thev received tlio deepening splendor flowing in an ocean of dazzling light out of tbo leeward sky ; whilst jnst over the lee cathead, between threo nnd four miles distant, lay tlio vessel whoso appearance had puzzled Mr. Bird. Pipes picked np tho glass aud going to tho rail steadied the tube Hgainst a backstay, end took a long look. ' What s the matter with licr, captain, da you think?" called out the colonei, who had been busy in getting his wife a chair aud attend ing to her. "Woll," replied Pipes, bringing his eye away from tho glass to look towards us, " there can bo no question that she's in some kind of mess. She's a- small barque, ladies and gentle- mcu ; her flying jibboom's missing, and I think that tlie sail' bolonging to it is that white object there close to the doljiliia striker. She's kind of liovo to, her niaintopsui! slinking, aud tier fore yards aback," " Is not that another ship out there, beyond her, Sir. Aubyn ?" said Miss Kd.varJs. I peered and answered, "Yes; apparently heading our way. Yon havo excellent sight " "Miss Edwards lias tlie finest eyes of auy lady in this world," observed little Hornby, overhearing us. It would have been impossible not to agrcs with tho shijiownor. A smile hovered ou her lips as she sent a dark aud sparkling glance at the distrait sail sho had descried. Tho steward was desired to bring binocular glasses and telescopes ; and armed with a small but power ful glass of mv own I crossed the deck to inspect the vessel wo were heading for. She was, as Pipes had said, a littlo barque, painted black ; sho laid a fine air of confusiou. I could not see any boats at tho davits, and there was no appearanco of anything living being aboard. A. little to the left of her was the ship Miss Edwards had noticed, hull down. I brought the telescope to bear upon her, then turned to Mr. Bird, who was standiug near me. "Just look at that sail yonder with this glass." He did so. " Is not she in a me3S too, think you, Mr. Bw?" ' ' Why, yes, for a very plain reason, said nfi still peering. " She's lost licr forctopmiist. She's a full rigged ship. Surely skes s" aback, like tho barque, isn't she?" " I don't- see how that could bo otherwlso ; for she's lying right athwart our hawse wua licr nose in the wind's eyo." . . " Well, if they're both in a mess' it U strange," said the mate ; and he went anil spoke to Pipes, who at once examined the farther ship. . , It was not long before tho colonel spud J vessol also ; and I was much amused to wuicn him screwing himself up against tbo loo rigging raid inspecting both- vessels through an ex tremely long thin telescopo. lie kept .one ej o closed with his lingers ; his right hand held tus glass; and you suw liis hairy profile eicar against tlio amber over the: horizon, a cheroot his mouth, and tlio end of tho telescope wot - ing like a sea-saw when the object slipped o of the lens and Iio dodged about to recover - Edwards, on tho' other had, with his lei, hoisted up and a rug over theiu, enjoyed cigar and asked uo question. 