NEWS OF THE DAY. The English mails, dated London 7th August, per Peshawur, will arrive in Sydney to-morrow in time for delivery at 9 o'clock. We publish in another column a report from our special correspondent in London of the discussion in the House of Commons on the Federal Council Bill, and its passage through committee. The intelligence was brought by the R.M.S. Pesawur, and has been telegraphed from Adelaide. We have received by telegraph from a private and authentic source an authoritative statement respecting the now rates for cable messages adopted by the Berlin Conference. The Press rates are to be 2s. 8d. per word, while ordinary messages are to be reduced by 2s. per word. This information agrees with that which we have already published, with, the exception that the reduction upon private messages is now stated to be 2s. instead of 2s. 6d. per word. The new rate for ordinary telegrams will therefore be 8s. 10d. per word. The cable steamship Sherard Osborne, which arrived in port yesterday evening from Singapore, via Thursday Island and Townsville, has on board a duplicate cable, which she is to lay between Victoria and Tasmania. The steamer ,belongs to the Eastern Extension Australasia and China Telegraph Company, Limited. The Orient Company's chartered steamship Belgic, one of the famous Oceanic Steam Navigation Company's White Star liners, arrived on Saturday afternoon, from Plymouth, with 590 immigrants. The voyage has been in every respect successful. It is the fastest yet made by any steamer that has brought immigrants to this port. The health of the passengers was excellent, and not a single death occurred. The Belgic was granted pratique, and came up to Neutral Bay. Dr. Huxtable is the surgeon-superintendent, and Miss Chicken the matron. The Belgic is a new ship, now on her maiden voyage, and is commanded by Captain William Henry Walker. A peculiarity about her voyage is that she is the first steamer that has arrived in advance of her advices. A MEETING of the electors of Canterbury was held at Ashfield on Saturday for the purpose of nominating a member to represent the electorate in the place of the Hon. Henry Moses, whose seat is vacant by reason of his appointment to the Legislative Council. The interest in the proceedings was very slight, only between 40 and 50 persons being present, and no enthusiasm was displayed. Two candidates \- Mr. Robert Hudson and Mr. W. Henson - were nominated, and each made a speech which was marked by good taste and cordiality. Mr. Henson has already been a member of the Assembly, and the electors seemed to still re- tain confidence in him, for when a show of hands was called it was very largely in his favour. Mr. Hudson demanded a poll, which will take place on Wednesday, at the following places:- Ashfield, the hustings; Canterbury, Post Office; Burwood, Neich's Hotel, Parramatta-road; Petersham, Clark's Cottage, Parramatta-road; Cook's River Dam, Gan- non's Cottage; Sydney, Central Police Office; St. Peters, Cook's River; Five Dock, Municipal Council- chambers; Rocky Point-road, Gardeners' Arms; Mar- rickville, Municipal Council-chambers; Gannon's Forest, Blue Posts; Liverpool-road, Cottage, junction of Punchbowl- road; Arncliffe, store adjoining Mr. Jacob's Family Hotel. A si_cia_ religious servico for mon only was hold in tho Opera Houso last evening (under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Association). There was a large attendance. Tho proceedings woro commenced with singing and prayer, aftor which a'portion of Scrip luie was read. Ají earnest appeal was then made to thoso present by Dr. Grattan Guinness, who spoko for a considerable time, and strongly advised his hearers to give up sin and 'oinbraco Christianity. Tho speaker based his remarks upon tile Gth verso of tho 05th chapter of Isaiah-' " Seek yot tho Lord while yet Ho may bo found, call ye upon Him whilo Ho is near." A number of men re- mained behind for the after -mooting. Suitable hymns wero rendel ed by tho choir, including tho woll hnoivn hymn from. " Sacred Songs and Solos," com- mencing," Oh, land of lest, for theo I Bigh," which was given with good effect Dr. Grattan Guinness accompanied most of tho selections on tho cornet. Amongst thoso ivho occupied Peats on tho platform wero Mr. D. Walker (goneial secretary of the Sydney Y. M. C. A.) and Mr. F. Bomson (honorary secretary of the Newcastlo Association"). "Dnnssand Adorning " was tho subject treated by tho llov. Dr. Jolieiis last evening in the third of tho series of lectuies on " Spinster Life." The hitoiost talion in those lectures was evidenced by an attondauco ot nilly 2000 persons, and otheis, because of tho some- what croyy dud state of the building, did not romain. The lectuie was of a i cry forcible character, and was couched in unmistakable language. Dr. .lofiotis said thnt for tho most part costly diess was simply some- thing oideved and paid lor in oidor to giatity a ignoble vanity, by outshining otherb. Tho leveiond gentleman spoko in sliong tuinib of condemnation of two at least of tho tnshions of the piesent day, dc-ciibing ono asa diabolic invention intended to provent Mollien liom u¡ilkiug uptight, by causing her to wear au inshumont of toituiei'or the foot, and tho other as a ghastly dibtoi lion ot tho human shape, which ot lato years tho lyi.mny of fashion had donianded in woman's diese. That woman should lend hoisolf to a custom which dcstioyed all beauty ot iorm was to him past compre- hension. Tho lashionably-dressed girl of tho period was in that îespeet a scandal and a warning. Tun Hawkesbury Spring Meeting -was brought to _ a most successful termination on Saturday. The attendance was much larger than upon any previous occasion. Six races were run, the principal of which, the Hawkesbury Grand Ilandicap, was won hy Princo Tmpeiial, a son of Kelpie and Queen's Head, and the other places wore filled by Di-spot and The Broker ; and iho time, 2 minutes S5.V seconds, was the fastest ever accomplWicd in Australia, A full report will bo found in another column. At tho Victorian Poultry and Dog Society's show, recently hold in the Exhibition Building, Melbourne, Mr. S. Rigg, of Rookwood, was successful in securing the first prizes awarded for bantams in all classes. In addition to these awards, ho carried oft" the wholo of tho spoc'nl pr'zes for bantams, together with tho intercolo- nial championship. The spécial intercolonial prize of £5 5s., given by tho Molbourno society to tho most successful exhibitor from any of tho neighbouring colonies, was also won by the New South "Wales repre- sentative. N ' ' The ordinary monthly meeting of tho council of the Art,Society of -Tow South Wales was hold at tho rooms, Royal Arcade, on Thursday evening last, when there wcro present :-Messrs. Dalgarno (in the chair), Ashton, A. Collingridge, G. Collingridge, Jackson, Kemp, Pignoni, Riley, Sayer, Smedley, and "Watson.» Tho following new members were elected :-Mrs. Addio, Messrs. J. Neil and E. Ensor. Tho treasurer submitted his monthly statement, with a list of mein-' bers whoso subscriptions remained unpaid.' It was resolved that theso members, where residont in Sydney, should bo personally wailed on boforo the extreme eourso of strildng thoir names off tho books was taken. Tho report of Iho education committco was recoived, and it tvas decided to include in the advertisements tho fees cbargod for the various classes, as an additional in- ducement for students to join. Tho entertainment conimitteo-also brought np a report recommending a social evening for ladies as well as gentlemen on Thurs- day, i2dth September. The report was adopted. It was also resolved to hold a black and white exhibition, tho work of members of tho society, in December nest. The necessary preliminaries were also passed for conducting an art union, as usual, in connection with tho society's noxt colour exhibition, to talco place during Eastor, 1886 ; and it was decided to issue, along with tho art union tickets, coupons entitling tho holder to admission to two concerts to be given «by the socioty durin, the continuance of tho exhibition. Several matters 'of minor importance wore discussed, and the meeting then closed. Tun following cablegram was received on tho 10th instant by tho secretary (Mr. "W. JT. Pinhoy) of tho Pharmaceutical Society of Now South "Wales from the proprietors of the London Chemist and Druggist: " Literary Btaff will arrivo in Sydnoy in Novembor, and first publication of the colonial supplement will bo issued in Sydnoy next January." About 9.20 a.m. on Thursday a young man named John Nesbitt, a telegraph oporator, was arrested on a charge of drunkenness, and was locked u t at tho' Central Police Btation. Shortly after 9 o'clock on Friday morning, whilst pacing up and down his cell, in company with several othor prisoners, ho was observed to stop suddenly, and then to stand against tho wall. Ho uttered a loud scream, and fell heavily. Tho result was that he sustained a cut over his right oye, about an inch and a-half long, extending to tho bone. He was removed at onco in a cab to tho Sydnoy Hospital, where Dr. AYcstrum examined him, and stitched the wound up. Ho was, it is stated, refused admission to that institution, inasmuch as tho doctor considered tho caso to bo one moro of a polico than of a hospital nature. _ Nesbitt was accordingly taken back in the cab to tho lockup, and thoro ho had a fit and fell down unconscious, remaining in that condition from about 10 a.m. until.ll o'clock. Ser- geant Shanklolon informed Dr. Marsden, tho gaol surgeon, of tho circumstances, and ho mentioned that admission to tho hospital had been refused. Dr. Marsden, having examined tho patient, communicated with Mr. T. K. Abbott, S.M., who promptly gave a written order that ho' should bo admitted; Drs.' Dansey and Marsden having jointly certified that tho caso was of an urgent character. Under this authority tho patient was admitted. Subsequent to his second entry at the hospital homorrhago continued, and the unfor- tunate young man died not long afterwards. A post- mortem examination of tho body was mado by two medical men yesterday, and an inquest will bo com- menced nt tho Assembly Hotel, at 2.30 p.m. to-day. It is stated that the deceased had been subject to fits. A max named Joseph Crimmins, a labourer, aged 46, residing at Cook-lano, off Quarry-streoé, Pyrmont, whilst working at an' excavation on Friday, was severely injured by a stono, weighing six or seven hundred- weight, owing to a shackle-pin having broken. One of his legs was fractured, and upon admission to tho Hospital amputation was deemed to bo necessary. Ho died, apparently from shock, consequent on the perform- ance of tho operation. An inquest is to bo held to-day at tho Lord Wolseley Hotel, Crown-road, Pyrmont. A man named John Thomas Fitzpatrick, aged 37, a grocer, who resided with his wife at No. 77, William street, died somewhat suddenly at his residence at about 10.30 p.m. on the 8th instant. It is alleged that he had been brought home in an intoxicated condition by a gentleman who stated that he had seen him struck down in William-street by a man with whom he had been quarreling. The deceased was then bleeding from his mouth, and he had a lump upon the back of his head. Dr. Crago was called in, and he attended the deceaseod until the time of his death. Tira Edinburgh Courant of July 80 reports that the annual dinner of tho Edmburgh Australasian Club was hold on tho previous evoning. Mr. H. H. Marshall presided, and Mr. T. J. Henry aoted as croupier. Thero wcro prosont as guests Messrs. R. Bowman and E. J. B. Du Moulin, Now South "Wales ; C. L. Gabriol, M. Mackenzie, R. T. Paton, C. Terry, J, War- nock, and J. Anderson, "Victoria. Tho chair- man proposed "Tho Queen," and in doing so took occasion to refer to tho loyalty shown to tho mother country by tho colonies in tho recent Soudan campaign. Mr. Louis Sogol proposed " The Graduates," romaiking that it had always been a rulo that a number of Australians passed with honours. Last year thero had been two, and this year Mr. Du Moulin had reached that high distinction. No doubt when theso graduates rolurned to their nativo land thoy would con- tinuo to bo as successful in aftor-lifo both professionally and otherwise. Mr. Du Moulin roturned thanks for .-tho graduates. In their own country, ho said, thoy had a different way of thinking, and studying from what thoy liad hore. As far as ho had seen, in this university, if they trusted simply to notes, theso would carry thom through everything, and in answering questions thoy did not roquiro to bo logical, but had only to set down every- thing that boro directly or indirectly on tho subject.! Ho concluded by hoping that thoy would all meet again in Australia, and lecall some of tho happy days they had spent togothor as students, and also as mem- bers of this club. The croupier proposed " The Old Company." Mr. Wells proposod " The Colonies," which was responded to by Mr. Russell Kidd. Mr. Henry proposod "Tho health of Mr. W. B. Dalley, Q.O., Hie originator of tho Australian Contingent" Mr. Ayres then gave "Tho Australasian Cricket Club," and took tho opportunity to refer to tho successes of the past season, which was tho first tho club has had, having been instituted a fow months ago. Tra Bathurst Times is informed by a corre- spondent that unless somo steps aro taken tho carp, lench, and otber fish in tho Macquario aro likely to bo soon exterminated. The other day ho saw several boys fishing in tho shallow holes near Denison-bridge, and they wero catching very young carp and lench in largo numbers. He spoke to ono of thom, who had a good specimen weighing about a quaitor of a pound, and tho ladroplied that tho " haul was nothing to what it was sometimes." Tho youngster I alleged that ho had caught as many as 200 fish on ono occasion. Tnn Warrnambool correspondent of the Argus states that Mcssis. Scownand Mutton havo returned from an inspection of the AVairnambool Coal-mining Company's tv orkings in tho Cape Otway forest Thoy report satis- factorily of the piospects of the company. Coal and potters' clay abound on tho works. Döring andtunnolling ¡no being briskly pioceoded with. In tho tunnel, which is being driven into a hill, a cutting has been made through a seam of coal for 118 feet, tho seam being 8 feet 6 inches thick. Anothor tunnel is to bo driven to work a seam of _ foot. Theso measures aro being taken to expose tho coal seams as much as possible to tho Government Inspector^ when ho anivos. Tho potters' clay continuos yvith tho coal at an avoraeo dor-th of 2 foot, whilst in anothor part of the claim a deposit of excellent fireclay has been discovered, 5 feet in depth, and of similar thickness. The prospects altogether aro deemed encouraging, i It is pioposed to have tho coal claim ready for tho Government 'Inspector in a fort- night. Fon tho first .timo in history (remarks tho Pall Mall Gazette) a dress- improver hss been of somo use. A tall, majestic lady was the other day walking along tho pavement of a woll-lmowii toivu, when from the upper story of tho houso which tho " buttressed " ono was passing a tivo-year-old child fell out of tho window. It would havo dropped on to the pavement, and been killed or maimed for lifo, had not tho dress-improver, which is said to havo boen of enormous dimensions, intervened. Tho infant foil on that buttress of wiro, and a gentleman, who was walking behind, caught tho little creaturo beforo it had timo to roll off. The child was unharmed, and the story goes that tho ladies of that town havo one and all from that day forth determined to adopt the dress-improver as part of their toilette. This gives an apocryphal air to the talc. Tho probability is that any demonstration of tho utility of au article of opparel would lead to its prompt disuse. ' Tun public expenditure of tho United Kingdom for tho year 1884 is returned in the statistical abstract at within a few pounds of 87 millions sterling, or £2 8s. lOd. per * hoad of tho population. Wo know (says Fairplay) that the financing of Mr. Gladstone has raised this sum to the round figure of 100 millions. To tho Imperial expenditure has to be added that of tho local authorities, which Mr. Stansfeld's horror of conlral control has allowed to attain tho figure of £51,718,000; making a total, without alloiving for "extraordinary expenditure," of "142,000,000 per annum, or very nearly £4 per hoad of the population of tho United Kingdom. Some time ago (tin Daily News says) a learned body in Franco offered a prize for the bsst essay on certain means of delecting tho prosonce of death. As a general rule, fortunately, there is no doubt on tho subject. M. Pasteur discourages tho experiments on tho heads of decapitated prisoners, partly from humane motives (which reminds ,one of that high joke, " Tom Hobbes afraid of being persecuted for his religion "), and moro becauso tho experiments aie hopeless. When tho head is off tho man is dead, -and as a rule there is no difficulty, even whon his head is not off, in ascertaining when he has ceased, as far as this world goes, to be. But there are cases, only too many, though f eiv in proportion, whon trance or cata- lepsy mimics tho appearance of death. The possible con- sequences had a terrible effect on the fancy of Edgar Poe, who again and again recurs to tho idea of proma turo burial. Everyone knows the Scotch story of tho laiid whoso wife's coffin as it was carried down the avenuo struck tho branch of a tree, the coffin was upset, the lady woke, and was restored to her family. But next timo sho died, as they approached tho fatal spot the laird said, " Bo very careful with that bough." An unmarried young lady has had luck like that of tho laird's wife, at Eardrum, near Athlone, Her body was actually " laid out," and^tho coronor had boen sent for, when a friend who had dropped in remarked that ho doubtod tho fact of death. Ho thon shook the .body, which recovered animation, and the girl is being re- stored to health. Some moro preciso and scientific test than a shaking is much to bo desired in those mys- terious cases. r It is stated by the Bonibay Gazette that Sir Frederick Boberts has proposed (and Ms schomo has commended itself to higher authorities) that on completion of tho annual homo roliefs ono Indian tioopship shall ru_ to the colonies to take time-expired men who aro desirous of settling there. Sir,Frederick further proposes that accommodation bo. found for a certain number of officers and men who might, on medical grounds, bo recommended the sea trip and thorough chango of climate. On tho way back he suggests that Hie vessel might bo utilised for tho conveyance of Waler remounts. The Government have approved the proposal, but, beforo arranging to make a trip, havo called for nominal rolls of tho men who would elect to proceed to the colonies. If tho returns are numerous, necessary arrangements, it is said, will bo niado for running a troopship about May or Juno next. TnE treaty between ^Russia and Korea has (states a correspondent of the North Ohina Daily News) capsized. Mr. Spoyer, the first secretary of tho Eussian Legation in Tokio, has returned .to Jtapan. Tho Korean King has disavowed and repudiated the treaty made in Vladi vostock in January, 1885, refuses lo allow his army, or gendarmerie to be drilled by Russians, reverts to the Chinese suzerainty, and will cultivate good relations with Japan and England. Tho Courier affirms that the establishment of European outposts among tho Korean islands is going on merrily. Quelpart has been tried but found useless owing to its want of harbours. Russian in- tentions are now believed to be concentrated on Tsushima, an island 87 miles long, at tho ontranco of the sea of Japan, in tho_ Korean Strait. A deop sound divides it into two parts, this sound possessing a largo number of small harbours and basins quito land-locked and sheltered from all winds. There is oSly ono passage into tho sound navigable by largo vessels, so that it is easily defended, while wood, water, vegetables and live stock aro abundant on tho island. Tho Gormans aro believed to contemplate the annexation of the Crichton Group, to the yvestward of Port Hamilton. Tliis group consists of four largo conspicuous islands with numerous small ones attached. The eastern island is fivo miles long. Crichton Haibour is in the centre of tho group, and affords shelter from all winds. A new and characteristic anecdoto of .General Grant was (says St. James's Gazette) related by Dr. Haughton, president of tho Royal Zoological Society of Iroland, on tho occasion of tho visit of tho Lord-Lieutenant to tho . gardens of tho institution at Dublin. When General Grant visited the city the rovorond doctor had tho honour of conducting him around tho gardons. The doctor observod that the general was a silent man. Ho asked him what ho would like to seo, and ho replied, " Bring mo a chair, and put mo in front of the lions. I want to seo your Irish lions." " He sat down," added the doctor, " and smoked two cigars, and then went out of tho gardons without saying another word." It will be news lo most people, as it was lo Lord Carnarvon,' to learn that among the resources of Iroland is the export of lions, and that the trade in thoso animals is a distinct sourco of rovonuo to the society. In considering tho question of French-Colonial ex- pansion, the Scoisniti " remarks :-" Madagascar ia an admirablo test case ; M. Ferry's frank exposition of tho ,aims and methods of French ~ colonisation may bo accepted as authoritative. Ho almost acknowledges the justico of M. do Froycinet's strictures upon himself. ' Franco,' he says, ' has perhaps been too patient, and nogotialod too long with the novas ; ' liko Warren Hastings, ho wonders, looking back, at lils own modera- tion in ' soizing opportunities.' Ho has limited expansion ito '..cases whero Fionch rights havo beon disregarded,"or formal engagements violated.' M. de Freycinet has ex- plained that ' thero are in tho patriotism of all peoples certain rights of which no immediato uso is mado, but which aro kopt in reserve, which, form part of -the past, and which open up possible fields for the future.' In the caso of Madagascar, somo of those rights had slopt for 200 years ; they form part of that.past when Alsace and Lorraine wero German, as tboy aro again German to-day. No mattor; thoy can bo revived, when * unforeseen events ' ciop up ; when a Premier is in poiver who thinks and says that Franco must either have noiv colonies * to ariest emigration by supplying openings to the national industry,' or sink into a Tower of tho fourth or fifth rank; that superior races havo laid upon thom the duty of civilising inferior races, and tho right of ' impobing on them commerce which thoy do not want ;' and that in the next naval war ' the decibivo battles will bo fought in the Indian Ocean, and thero "io fleet would most efficaciously dofond the coasts of France.' When theo aro the viows of leading French statesmen, can anyono wonder that Franco's action abroad of late years, and especially in tho Indian Ocean and its approaches, should so oiten have been cruel and grasping towards inferior races, hostile to her noighbouig, and disastrous to herself ? It is to bo hoped that tho French nation will provo itself more sensiblo and honest than Fronch Ministers." Tue proportion of bacteria in a cubic motro of atmo- spheric air ib, according to M. do P.u ville (writing in tho Journal des Débats) 0.0 in sea air, 1 in tho air of high mountains, 00 in the principal cabin of a ship at sea, 200 on tho top of the Pantheon, and 860 in Iho Ruo do Rivoli, 0000 in the Paris sewers, 80,000 in old Parig houses, 40,000 in the now hospital of the Hotel Dieu, and 79,000 in tho old hospital of tho Pitio. It is gratifying to know (says a London paper) that in Ryder-street, St. James's, a cubic metre of air (talton from tho open street) contains only 210 bacteria, whereas in the Rue Rivoli tho same quantity of air contains SOO. Tho superiority of London air as compared with tho air of Paris is shown not only by its containing fewer bacteria, but also by tho rate of mortality being smaller. _ The greater purity or lesser impurity of tho air of London is accounted for by London being nearer than Paris to tho sea, by its covering a greater extent of ground in proportion to tho population, and by its houses being lower. Old houses aro all, according to M. do Parville, haunted by bacteria and the ghosts of bacteria ; and ho addresses an opportune warning to persons who go to the seaside in summer, and, instead of passing their timo on tlie sea- shore, whero the air is all but absolutely puro, romain tho greater part of the day in the interior of some ancient lodging-house, inhaling bacteria, which, when a -house is not only old but also densely inhabited, infest tho air in incredible numbers. Reoabdino tho bankruptcy of tho Transvaal Re- public, briefly reported by telegraph, a communication in tho Cape Argus, dated Pretoria, July 26, says : " Government having foiled to procure a loan necessary to carry on administration, and land taxes not coming in, payments from tho "Treasury have been temporarily suspended." Tho Cape Argus, commenting on the news, writes, "What has long been foreseen has at length como about, and tho Transvaal is in a worso position than tvhon it put up its shutters with three half-crowns in tho till. Tho desperatoness of tho situation is apparent A committeo of tho Volksraa'd, which was recently appointed in consequence of impending difficulties, recommended that acknowledgments of indebtedness as to arrear- taxts should bo taken from the buighers, coupled with a schomo of redemption within three years. Theso acknowledgments, being really proferrent mort- gages on the farms of the burghers, would bo talton as liquid documents, and upon theo tho Government hoped to raise money from any persons, we suppose, willing to advanco it. Either tho burghers will not givo tho documents, or nobody will advance anything upon them. At any rate, tho crisis of bankruptcy is ujion the Government, and the Treasury has " tempo- rarily," as it is put, to suspend payment. The Treasury bills which it is proposed to issuo would, in tho nature of things, bo a forced currency, and then wo shall seo what the result will be. Tho instinct of self-preservation Avould probably como to the front, and tho collapse would come. It is ruinous to read that somo members of tho Volksraad, 'among whom is General Smit,' havo gone home. Thero is always that resource in tho Transvaal. When tho crash comos tho Boer can Tetire to his farm, leave the Civil Service to its fate, disponse with tho offices of tho postman, and relapso into primitive simplicity. What is to como afterwards, when the primitively simple citizens havo to settle all questions with tho rifle, need not bo gono into." The Dutch colonial paper Algcmecn Dagblad voor Nederlandsch-Indie has a contrast between English- men and Hollanders as colonists, which is naturally favourablo to tho latter. In England, it tells us, tho higher classes never mix on the ground of common citizenship with tho lower classes, It is only at Par- liamentary elections, when the voto of tho poor English- man is wanted, that tho lioh Englishman acts for a limo as a man and' a brother. This social in- equality has boon transplanted by the English military and civil officials to British Indian soil, whero _ wo find tho samo impassable frontier built up between tho social classes, as in England. "Ono raroly meets with English industriels or privaticrs in tlie British-ruled tropics, who would havo less reserve Utan tho upper classos of English society in mixing with tho natives on terms of equality. In Nether- landish India tlie contrary is tho case. Tho Hollander has always remained too entirely Republican at tho coro to keep up the artificial social frontier. Birth and edu- cation count for something with lum when ho is at homo ; but as soon as ho is in India ho simply laughs at thom, and fraternises with everybody, even with the native. Here lies our strength in India," says tlie Dutch writer ; " wo nevor let tho mied fool the supre- macy of tho ruler in a degrading manner." Captatx Gösset (says the Spectator of July 25) has this week resigned the office of Sergeant-at-Arms, to tho great regrot of tho wholo Houso of Commons, which ho has now served, in ono office or anothor, for forty-nine years. Ho has discharged his duty with so much good temper and suavity, Uiat even Mr. Parnell joined heartily in tho tribute to his admirablo qualities, and suggested with some humour that by sitting so near to the Irish members, Captain Gösset had in somo way contracted tho genial and fascinating qualities of tho Irish Party. Mr. "Parnell himself, no doubt, must have exhaled a wholo atmosphero of Bv*ectness ; whilo Mr. Biggar and Mr. O'Brien must have supplied a mellow and delicious radiance of light. Really, this theory of Mr. Parnell's ns to Captain Gosset's involun- tary absorption of tho subtlo charms of his nearest neighbours, shows that the Irish leader íb developing a humour of which ho has, hitherto been innocent. And thero is another story which points in tho samo direc- tion. Rumour says that ono day, after mooting in tho blandest way tho viows of tho present Administration as to Votes in Supply, Mr. Parnell was asked by ono of tho officials how long he intended to make matters so pleasant for thom ; to which Mr. Parnell drily replied, -" So long as you aro not a Government." Tn" following is tho ropoi t of tho Prince Alfred Hospital for tho tteek endmg 12th Septembor, 1885 :-Number of in-patients at last report, males 72, females 62, total 134 ; sinco admitted, malos 14, females 9, total 23 ; discharged, males 16, females 15, total 30 ; died, males 4, total 4 ; re- maining in hospital on 12th September, males 67, females 56, total 123. liimiber of out- patients treated during the week, 219 ; number of casualty cases treated but not ad- mitted, 36 : total, 285. A L-Ctuue is to bo dolivorcd at St. Stephen's Young Men's Institute, Newtown, to-morrow evening, by Pro- fessor Scott, M.A., on " Socrates, his Life and Work." Tun following is tho order of musical servico at St. Andiow's Cathedral this afternoon :-Magnificat, Gadsby in C ; Nunc Dimitís, Gadsby in C ; anthem, Crotch's " Comfort tho soul of Thy sei Vant." 