euc Mrs %uúxüm\\\\. VIGILANS ET AUDAX. "..._._."_,_j>__ PERTH,. FRIDAY, DEC. 25, 1885. OF the few holidays which fall to the lot of the toiling multitude of humanity, Christmas Day is popularly supposed to bring with it the greatest amount of joy and pleasure, and even to the more fortunate of this earth, whose lines are laid in pleasant places, the day which commemorates that event which was to bring peace and goodwill to men, has tender and hallowed associations of home and friends and kindred which distinguish it, perhaps, above all other days. But in this southern land of sunshine, where December brings us sweltering heat in which mere existence seems sometimes too great a burden to be borne, ''Merrie Christmas" is distinctly a misnomer and its institutions are misplaced. Long habit constrains us to a mimicry of' Christmas customs. Wanting the mistletoe and holly, we deck our rooms with golden wattle, with the crimson glories of the cabbage tree and with the tender everlasting however repugnant to our taste, our tables groan under loads of beef and turkey, flaming plum puddings and rich mince pies ; we revive as best as we can, in melancholy and inappropriate fashion, the outward semblance of the Christmas of our mother land. And yet what a miserable, uncomfortable, even painful mockery it is The best that can be said for it is that it testifies to the unbounded loyalty of our hearts to the England from which we sprang to that country which even those among us who never saw it still call by the sacred name of ' Home.' To the rest of us what memories does not Christmas brings wistful memories of days gone by. Visions of faces once revered and loved Recollections sorrowful and joyful. Scenes of the past when kith and kin gathered together on the great festival occasion. Scenes of brightness and pleasure, feasting, music and dancing, when all hearts were gay, when, within the house, was blazing fire and brilliant light without, sharp frost and snow and icicles. Times when men warmed to one another, when old quarrels were forgotten, when old friendships were renewed. Times when the poor were not passed by, when their wants were satisfied, when their hardships were assuaged when merriment reigned not only in the drawing room but in the cottage and the servants' hall. But what can we have in Australia better than the ghosts of such Christmas Days ! Much we have in thislandof plenty, which we had not in our mother land. For all our grumbling we would not exchange our climate for her own. We would not exchange our fine free life for her rigid conventionalities. We would not exchange our wide field of successful personal enterprise and effort for her contracted sphere of keen and sordid competition. But the pleasures of an English Christmas, we confess, in Australia we can never know. Though impossible to realise, however, in our conditions are the outward characteristics of an English Christmas, some of the good it brings may yet remain to us. Of all the festivals of our Churches Christmas has the most softening influence upon our hearts, telling of a love which passeth knowledge in, a human sort of way which we can realize. At Christmas time men are ashamed to nourish hostile feeling. The Chistmas greeting lights the eye with kindness, and tightens the pressure of the hand. Men feel how paltry wore their differences, how silly their quarrels, how absurd their hates. And Christmas generally leaves them, if only for a time, with warmer sympathies towards their fellows, more generous, making larger allowances for tailings and for faults in short more fully embued with the spirit of their Christian faith. That our readers may have a pleasant Christmas in this sense, as in every sense in which it is possible that they should have one, and that the new year to follow may bring them prosperity and happiness is our earnest wish. 