BREVITIES. Wilful murder. The bicyclists day out. PaiOi Mali, Gazette vindicated. Northern Bruit Club at- Band-wick. Perkins still narked about the Cabors. E.M.S. Orient leaves for London nest Saturday. Mails by E.M.S. Garonne Are expected on Tues day. Alderman E. Lewis Scott much, better. Consols rising. They -want rain at Kempsey, and -whisky every where. A 'sea monster' Been off Port Macqnarie on Thursday. Lynch family drew a great house last sight at Petersham. Large shipment of live stock by steamer Tekapo from New Zealand. Neutral Bay Ferry Co. commence running1 their steamers on September 1. It cost the Queensland Government .£6000 to return th*- New Guinea inlanders. Frisco mail arrived at Auckland to-day ; may be expected here next Thursday. Coal output from Idthgow last month 24,078 tons 13cwt, beating: any previous record. Dead goats lying in the streets at Golden Grove, Redfern. And they make a smell that can be ?weighed. The police magistrate at Bourke -will be 60 years old next 30th March. He will retire on the 1st of the following month. A steerage passenger, name unknown, fell over board from the steamer Barrabool in Hobson's Bay, and was drowned. ' If you build 12 ft of a palisade — I mean — colon- nade on each side of a 66ft street it will reduce the width very materially ' said Alderman M'Laohlan, of Eedfern. ' Alderman Andrews is daddy of the council,' said Alderman 'Wright, of Eedfern. 'Tea,' said the Mayor, ' He'll have been twenty-one years in the council at the end of this year.' Thus our Braidwood correspondent : — Braidwood Coaxthouse ia being placed under repair ; the con tractor being Mr. W. Isley. The Government is wasting money continually repairing this building, as the place is snch an eyesore that it should be re placed by a new one. A review of the revised version ol the Old Testa ment in the New York Sun recently bore rather an unfortunate title. A printer' s error had converted ' The Eevised Bible' into 'The Ruined Bible.' They have a ghost at Newcastle, and fifty people fiat up looking for him on Wednesday night, but he did not appear. The fact that 300 cases of whiskey were imported into Newcastle hist week can surely have no connection with this ! Mr.; Robert Patterson went fishing at Newcastle of a Sunday, and was very properly punished by catching a fish with six legs and two wings, and the color of a schnapper. It did not wait to be hauled up, but jumped on deck. This is what the newspaper says. Most people will say that some one has been ' werging on the poetical.' Captain Barry gives a free lecture at the North Shore on Monday. Itwas Captain Barry, was it not, who once in New Zealand mentioned that he had dis covered a mine of 'lumbago,' and could not attend a meeting because he had ' plumbago ' in the small of his back. Deputation from Canterbury to wait upon the Minister of Works to urge liini to fulfil an alleged promise made, that the loop line of railway, from St. Peters to Liverpool, should pass through Parkes town, Kingsgrove, Moorfields, andBelmore. It is said that the Duke of Edinburgh will succeed Lord John Hay in the command of the Mediterranean Squadron about the end of September. The Surprise is being fitted out in Portsmouth, in order that she may be available as a yacht for the duke during his term ef command. The museum of St. Petersburg has a bank-note, probably the oldest in existence. It is of the Im perial Bank of China, issued by the Chinese Govern ment, and dates from the year 1399 before Christ. The note at a sovereign value, with compound in terest, ought to have developed into seven millions sterling. Artificial sponge, made of cotton, rendered ab Eorbent, and treated with antiseptics, has been invented in England. A piece of the size of a walnut has absorbed water until it has reached the size of a cocoanut. It is so cheap that it need be used but once, so that sponge infection can be readily avoided. Orchid cultivation, which was recently quite the rage_ in the United States, has suddenly gone out of fashion. Plants formerly worth £100 apiece can now be bought for from £1 to .£10. The English fancy for these curious blossoms at present seems hardly likely to fade so suddenly. In the Tower of London are twenty-one specimens of shields, with a pistol attachment in the centre, the weapon 'being a breechloader and elightlyprojecting, so that it would hardly be noticed by an enemy npt-'i it wa-s discharged. . A centenarian of 106 is now living at Heathfield, England. The old villager was born at Heathfield, and is strong enough to sit about bis garden, while he can still enjoy a chat, though, as with most very old people, he remembers the events of his youth better than those of recent times. Tears ago some charitable person provided that old Bodle Holmes should receive weekly a clay pipe and an allowance of tobacco, and neither smoking nor beer have in jured his health. THE MOTEEE'S PLAINT. No more bis patt'ring little feet I hear about the hall, No more his song my ear to greet, No more his plaintive squall. No more his racket can be heard. No more his choo-choo car, No more my precious little bird Gives forth his yell, ' Mam-MAEl' No, no, not dead ! The little fool 'S no longer with us now ; Wo sent him off to boarding-school, He kicked up such a row. For ladies and children's hosiery, 'Wilson'B in Devonshire has extraordinary value. — Advt. Mothers, take your boya to Eiley Brothers if you Want good wearing clothes, cheap. — Advt. Dr. York will answer Sir JameB Martin and Co. on Sunday evening at the Gaiety Theatre. — Advt. Sir James Martin and Co. answered by Dr. York on Sunday evening at Gaiety Theatre. — Advt. If you want a fit, go to Webb, the tailor, 48, Erskine-street, corner of Kent-street. — Advt. Look here ! Men's suits 13s 6d, youths' 9s 6d, boys' 2s lid, hats 6d, shirts Is. Hooper's, T8n.iinn.i-n — Advt. Every laundress should use Manning's Extract of Soap. First prize Sydney Exhibition, 1884-1885.— Advt. Theatre Soyal.— Thomas Walker lectures Sunday evening on. ' Old Sea Kings ' and Lxbebatob. prose cution. — Advt. The favorite boot shop a success. Genuine work at moderate prices. E. M. Chapman, €06, Brickfield Hill, George-st. — Advt. Tattersall's Consultation on Hawkeshnry Handi cap, Metropoliton Stake3, and Melbourne Cap, now open. AddreES: Tattersall's, care of G. Adams, Tattersall's Hotel, Sydney. — Advt. Ingleburn Township. — Allotments, 25 s. 132 ; 80s ; deposit 10a, balance 7s 6d month. Torrens'a title. C. W. F. Lloyd, 134, Pitt-street.— Advt. It is a fact that all who have visited S. Widdon's Great Sale of Boots and Shoes in Oxford- street, pro nounce it a decided success. — Advt. Beach '8 Consultation on Sir Joseph Banks Fourth Grand Handicap, &»„ &c.;, Hawkesbury, Metropoli tan, and Melbourne Cop bow open. 1000 subscriber* 10a. Address Beach, care of Deeble'a Hotel, King street. Please apply early. — Advt. Spring prints, cambrics, nun'B veiling', new beiges, llama, and Sorata clothes, all at sale prices. Hagon and Kidd, Oxford-street. — Advt. Uold medal artificial teeth, warranted set in 18-carat eold, replete, with every modern improve ment^aad perfected by the highest class workman enip, for 15 guineas the complete set, upper and lower. Marshall Brothers dentists, 133, Elizabeth Btreet, Hyde Park. Sydney.— Advt. Catarrh of the bladder, stinging irritation, inflam mation of all kidney and similar complaints, oured by 'Buchupaiba.' At druggists. Moses Moss and Co.. Sjydney. agents. — Advt. A luxury and health preserver, New Turkish Bath, Eligh-street. Single bath, 3a; four tickets, 10a.— Advt. 