CUT BY THE A NOVEL. By M. E. BRADDOR, Author of "Lady Audley'sSecret/"' " Phantom Portune," &c;, [Published by special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.] Chapter VI.—Am. was Sii.ext, am. was Gloom." Tkiedi'ic Ifriedricson, the great surgeon had come and. had gone, and was to come again. So far he had been able_ to say few words of comfort or of hope. Sir Allan's condition was so precarious that the surgeon had not dared to attempt the extraction of the bullet: and until that was extracted there could be little hope of_recovery. The symptomatic fever was more violent than is usual in such cases. The patient was delirious, sleepless, and un able to take nourishment. Altogether the case looked threatening. Lady Darnel's slumbers had not lasted long after that awful dream of hers. At four o'clock in the morning she had awakened, and had gone to Grace's dressing-room to give herself a cold bath and to dress for the day. And now it was late in the afternoon, and she had not closed lier eyes" since that troubled sleep on the sofa. The three women wandered about the house . like three ghosts, so pale and \van aud silent were they all. Grace turned to Colonel Stukely for her only comfort, Dora read her Bible at all times - and seasons. Lady Darnel sought comfort from no one. She paced with noiseless footfall up and down the corridor out side her husband's room for hours at a stretch. She interrogated everybody who came out—the neatly clad nurse in her prim cap and spotless apron, Danvers, the medical man, Purdew, the old military servant. These were her only sources of comfort, and such comfort as they could give was mixed with gall. It was some relief to hear of her beloved, to know that he still lived. It was agony to know that the fever raged fiercely, that the delirium continued without abatement. He could re cognise no one. What mattered who watched beside his bed, what hireling hands ministered to him ? "He would know me," said Clare piteously, "but they will not let me go to him." "My dear soul," replied the colonel soothingly, "he does not even know me, his old comrade of many a forced march. Why he and I have ridden side by side over ail Indian desert when we were nodding asleep in our saddles for sheer weariness. We were churns and companions for a quarter of a a century, from Eton to the Punjaub; and yet he does not recognise me." "He would know his win-," said Clare, with conviction. As the day wore on she >uld hardly be in duced to leave the corrio r. Lunch, dinner, all conventional meals were scorned by those three women; but it was only JUady Darnel who had not broken her fast by so much as a biscuit since the previous evening. .But at last Grace beguiled her stepmother into her den, and made her sit by the fire and take some tea and bread and butter. "Bo yon want to be ill, too, and make us still more unhappy ?" said Grace reproachfully. She had insisted of giving Lady Darnel her own bedroom, the door of which was opposite the sick room; while she herself was to occupy a little bed hastily put up in the dressing-room. This arrangement was deeply resented by Dora. "I think if anybody has a right to be near Allan at such a time it is I, his sister," she said when she and Grace were alone. "But surely, Aunt Dora, a wife's right is above all others." "That depends upon the wife." "Then, if there can be any such distinction nobody can dispute my stepmother's claim, for she is "the most devoted of wives." "She has a knack of seeming very devoted," remarked Dora. '• .Seeming, and a knack!" repeated Grace indignantly. " How can you say such things, Aunt Dora How dare you insinuate that my father's wife is not true'." "1 insinuate nothing. Grace: and I am not going to be taken to task by a schoolgirl, i can only say that Lady Darnel is a mystery to vae just as she is a mystery to the county. Indeed. I may sav that are the only person who appears to understand her ami believe in her." My father believes in her." retorted Grace, more ami mere indignant. "That is enough for me." " Yen.v father is under the spell of a potent fascination, my dear, llave you never heard of a middle-aged widower subjugated by the mamvuvres of a handsome widow—a widow whose antecedents are wrapped in profound darkness 1" "You are talking most unjustly, Aunt Dora; a ltd what is merely™ know that youare un just. I wonder you den't expect something to crawl out of your Bible and sting you. I wouldn't sit with my Bible on my lap and spit venom at innocent people." " If you cannot control your tongue, Grace, I shall go to my own room," said Dora, closing her Bible, and rising as if ,to depart. "I shall be very much beholden to my tongue if it drives yon there," retorted Grace, upon which Miss Darnc-1 had no option, and was obi iced to carrv out her threat; more especially as the room was Grace's ov/11 par ticular d'en, and she was only a visitor there. She departed, carrying her Bible and a large assortment of angry feelings with her. But she did not retire to the solitude of her own apartments in the_ north wing. Solitude is apt to be intolerable in these periods of sus pense and anxiety. Miss Darnel went down to the drawing-room, and on her way met a ser 'vantwhowas going upstairs to anuounceMr, Colchester. He was in the drawing-room, the man sard, and wanted to see Lady Darnel, Miss Grace, anybody. . , , Dora felt that she came unaer the head any body, so she hunied to the drawing- room, eager to be cn rapport with the county ; though, indeed, in spate of his splendid position, she always looked upon Edward Colchester as in somewise an outsider. He was so good natured, so hail-fellow-well-met with_ all the world, so little governed by the Draconian laws of county society. _ . She found him in the drawing-room in hunt ing clothes, fidgeting about with a crop in his hand, just as if he had that moment dismounted to rest his hunter's back during a pause in the morning's work. "My dear Miss Darnel," he erred, seizing her hand, "what a dreadful thing this is? Been out with Colonel Thorpe's harriers ; only just heard it on m.y way home, or should have been here before. How did it happen? as he very bad ? How is Grace ?" . He forget himself in his agitation, and said Grace tout court. " It is a long story,. Mr. Colchester, and it is a profound mystery, "We none of us know what it all means yet. My poor brother is m a most precarious state. 1 fear we may lose him." Here the tears rushed to her eyes; and tliey were not crocodile tears. If she hated her brother's wife, she loved her brother; and though she could not bear to see him happy m his second marriage, nay, resented that second marriage as if it were a deadly wrong done to herself, she could not calmly contemplate the possibility of losing him. "Don't cry," said Colchester, very much inclined to be tearful himself. " Things are nevc-r so bad as they look. Doctors are such regular old ravens, don't you know. They like to frighten us out of our wits in order to take credit for their wonderful cleverness when the patient pulls through. We pulled him through they say, and theu we poor fools pay their big bills without blinking. But for good ness sake tell me how it happened ? _ Sir Allan shot himself, they say, J ate last night, after you had all gone to bed." "Not all," said Dora ; "Lady Darnel sat up • late to write letters. She was still up> at the time it happened." . . " Then she must know all about it.' " She appears to know nothing. She had been to Grace's room. She was in the corridor when she heard the pistol go off." "And Sir Allan was alone in his room ?" " So it appears. He had gone to bed an • hour before. He must have got up and gone back to Lady Darnel's morning-room, where he had left the case of revolvers on the table. Why he should have got up and halfidressed himself, and gone back to get those pistols, is an unfathomable mystery." . " He may have heard burglars—or fancied he heard them," suggested Colchester. " Some men are always on the qui vivc for burglars— sleep with life preservers under their pillows. They might burgle all round my house and I should never hear 'em; but I know it is a weakness with some men. How do you know that there wasn't a burglar there ? He may have shot Sir Allan." Dora shook her head. " I do not believe it was a burglar. If there had been any one in the house—any scufile between Sir Allan and a robber—Lady Darnel must have heard it. She was in the coriidor when the pistol went off." " Then how do you solve the mystery ?" "It is my painful conviction that the deed was either murder or suicide." "Suicide!"exclaimed Colchester. "Outofthe question. Why there wasn't a happier fellow in Wilts than Sir Allan; the cherriest, the kindest, the most genial of men." " Kind, genial, I admit," said Dora; "but I know my'brother better than anyone else can know him. I was his companion and confidante from the time I left school till the day he married his second wife. I do not believe that he has been happy of late. His marriage was not a satisfactory marriage. Even if he him self could have felt thoroughly satisfied—which I do not think lie ever did—he knew that the county was dissatisfied with his choice, lie knewihattlie cloud of mystery whichsurronnded Lady Darnel's antecedents cast a dark shadow upon an old and honored family. People might like and esteemhim, but they could not esteem a woman of whom they were told nothing, who was foisted upon them without a word of ex planation. And so tSiey naturally fell away from their old friend; and although my brother pretended to take the matter lightly, I believe that lie was cut to the quick." "The county are a—sc-t of snobs,", said young Colchester, swallowing an evil word with a wry face. " Why couldn't they take such a splendid woman as Lady Darnel on " My dear Mr. Colchester, I am thankful to know that in good society no one is ever taken on trust," replied Miss Darnel. " What would society be like if people were ?" . . "Perhaps a good deal pieasanter than it is now," retorted' the reprobate squire, who troubled himself much less about the ante cedents of an acquaintance than about the pedigree of a fox-hound. "No, Mr. . Colchester," continued Dora Darnel, "my poor brother has not been liappy of late. There are mysterious circumstances connected with his marriage that I have not been able to fathom; but I am not a fool, and in spite of all outward appearances I have seen enough to know that Allan is not liappy. This sudden idea of going off to winter in Italy is so unlike him—such a com plete breaking up of the life he loves—that the notion could only have arisen out of a dis turbed state of mind." . . "But, my dear Miss Darnel, the physician ordered " interrupted Colchester. "Physicians may be inspired to order any thing, ' They are often only the mouthpieces of their patients. If this dreadful event is not the work of my brother's own hand, in an interval of despair, why then we have to look for a still darker solution of the mystery, and to ask where is the murderer 1" " I say burglar," protested Colchester. "Sir Allan heard a man in the room next his own, got up, put on his coat, challenged the man. Burglar saw revolvers on table, snatched up one, and shot Sir Allan—or shot him ■with a revolver of his own just as likely." " Would a burglar enter a room in which there weretwo lampsburning—a room evidently occupied ?" " Burglars have cheek enough for anything, No doubt Lady Darnel keeps her jewels in her bedroom, women always do." bliss Darnel,'shrugged her shoulders with the air of declining to waste any more time in ■ argument with a person of Mr. Colchester's limited intellect. "I should very much like to see Grace," he said, getting very red and faltering a little, ' if she is not too bad to see any one." "She may not be too bad to see you," re plied Dora. "I dare say her taste for hunting will survive the calamity that lias fallen upon us." "True," answered Colchester simply. "She may like to know where uext week's meets are to be, even though she can't go-out. She is always interested . in the hounds. Perhaps she would like to have a couple of puppies at walk. They might be an amusement to lier while there is illness in the house. But I trust in Gcd poor Sir Allan will pull through quicker than you expect." Dora rang the bell, and sent a servant for licr_niece. Mr. Colchester walked up and down the room meanwhile, sorely troubled, and lind ing 110 word to say to his companion. The footman came back to say that Miss Grace Darnel sent her compliments to Ml\ Colchester, and was much too unhappy to see any one. "Thank'ee," said the young squire; and when the man was gone he added moodily, "I didn't much think slie'd see me. She's been un commonly rough on me for the last year or so. And be fore she went to school in Paris we were no end of chums. Good-bye, Miss Darnel; I i shall call again to-morrow, and perhaps Lady Darnel will be well enough to see me, I have always been one of lier warmest admirers, you Know, and I—well, it would take a deuced lot of hard facts to make me believe that lier in lluence upon Sir Allan's life has been anything but a good iniiuenee, and that he isn't as happy as a bird in his marriage with her." And with these words Mr, Colchester de parted, feeling more easy in his mind after he had thus expressed himself. _ The vicar's wife and the doctor's old maiden sister called in the course of the afternoon, full of friendliness, and anxious to sec Lady Darnel were she able to receive a friend. The county sent cards and enquiries, but offered no warmer form of sympathy. And so the long day of grief and fear wore on, to be followed by another sleepless night and a dawn of sorrow. There was no improvement in the patient. The utmost comfort Mr. Danvers could offer was the assurance that he saw no increase of danger. Dora and Grace went down to the dining room to breakfast on this second morning; but Lady Darnel could not be induced to leave her room. There she was close to the sick-chamber. There she was, within call at any moment should her husband recover his senses and ask for her. There, too, she was secure from the horror of strange faces, the agony of having to go on with the routine of daily life. She was shut in from the outer world—her own mistress. Grace had anxieties of her own. as well as that agonising fear for her father's life. She wanted very much to have a few words with her godfather: and on Miss Darnel retiring to her daily interview with the housekeeper the desired opportunity occurred. Grace and Colonel Stukely were alone. "Have you seen anything more of him?" she asked, plunging at once into the heart of her subject. "Have you heard anything?" "Not a word," replied the colonel. "I took a long walk yesterday afternoon with the idea that I might find out something. I called at the inn, saw the landlord, and asked if he had had any strangers lodging in his house. Not a mortal, Then I went the round of the better class of cottagers, mostly pensioners of yours and Lady Darnel's, to whom j'ou have intro duced me at odd times. I didn't put my ques tions directly, but let out our idea of a burglary at Darnel, and asked if strangers had besn noticed about the place. I even walked across to Haiidlebury Union, with the notion that it was just possible the poor fellow may have had to take refuge there." ■" Oh, colonel, how utterly dreadful." "My dear child, the union has sheltered better men than'he. However, no such person had been heard of there. So I take it Mr. Canullac must have had a few shillings about him in spite of his wretched appearance, and that he has gone on to some other place. The mystery is that he should have come here at all, unless with the idea of seeing you." "I feel convinced that he came here to see me and for no other purpose, and that he is lying dead or dying on some dreary common, where the fox-hounds are more likely to find him than anybody; else," said Grace im petuously. " 01), what double misery. Victor dying or dead—my father's life trembling in the balance. It seems as if the world were coming to an end." In vain the colonel argued with his god daughter, urging that in life the unforeseen is always likely ; and that there was no reason to grieve for the fate of a young man who had perhaps already fallen on liis feet. Grace was not to be comforted. The romantic fancy which had induced her to pledge her young life to lliis stranger was a folly of the past; but all her womanly feelings were enlisted by her lover in the hour of his helplessness and desti tution. " To think of me, surrounded with all these luxuries," she exclaimed, looking angrily at the richly furnished breakfast table, " while the man who was to be my husband lias not asgood a shelter as the stable dogs." "My dear child, a young man's life is generally a fact of his own ma icing," said the colonel sagely. "A man of education, such as you describe this Camillac, could hardly fall so low except though his own misconduct." ''You said that before," retorted Grace. Pray don't sermonise. If I were not so anxious about my father I would take a couple of dogs and ride over every bit of waste ground within ten miles, till I found that poor fellow." " If that is your idea, Grace, I can carry it out for you, dogs aud all," said the colonel kindly. " _Gli, _my dear _ godfather, how good you are," cried the girl, repenting her rudeness. ' Porgive me for my ingratitude just now. I hardly know what I say. I'am so very miserable—about Victor—about my father and Lady Darnel most of all." "PoorLady Darnel; yes, your father's acci dent is a terrible blow for her." "It is not that only." said Grace, dropping her voice, and drawing a little nearer to the colonel. " But it is all so strange—so full of mystery." And then she told Colonel Stukely how she had been awakened by a cry of agony from Lady Darnel, and of those strange words spoken in a dream. "My fault, my fault—I murdered him !" " Was not that strange ?" asked Grace, with a troubled look. " Only strange as dreams are strange. Would you accuse Lady Darnel of having shot her husband upon such evidence ? She fell asleep with her mind full of death and murder, and dreamt that she herself liad fired the fatal shot, or had been individually concerned in the deed. Dreams are for the most part sheer lunacy. God knows what hideous visions her troubled brain may have woven." . "Yes," that is just what I thought at the time. But the words have haunted me ever since. You know how fond I am of Lady Darnel. I believe I love her almost as well as I could have loved my own dear mother, had God spared her to me. And yet there are times when I feel worried and perplexed about tlie mystery of lier past life. Aunt Dora says such cruel tilings." " My dear, it is in your aunt's nature to say cruel things, just as it is in the nature of ! wasps and hornets to sting. I don't wish to be rude about your family, but I fancy that : old Sir George Darnel's second wife must have introduced a particularly venomous strain into the fine old stock. It is a good thing for the race that Miss Darnel has remained a spinster." "Yes, Aunt Dora has a peculiar talent for being disagieeable, and she has exercised it un sparingly with regard to Lady Darnel. I always take my stepmother's part; and yet in these last dreadful days Aunt Dora's insinua tions' about the mystery in her past life have made me miserable. If I were once to believe that she is a hypocrite, that her devotion to my father is only a- clever piece of acting " "Have no such doubt, no such fear, Grace," said the colonel heartihn " Your father has told me—his old friend —the whole story of Lauy Darnel's life. There is no mystery, notning that could not be told as freely to you as to me, if your fatlier were so minded. He has held back this knowledge from vou only because this story is a dark story." It you knew all you would know that Lady Darnel's first marriage was a time of martyrdom, that as wife and as mother she has been a martyr." " I did not even know that she had any children," said Grace, "Yes, there was a son, but he is dead happily." " He was a bad son; then ?" "A very bad son—following in the footsteps of a guilty father. Your stepmother's life has been blameless—it has been even heroic. You cannot love lier too well." " And I have loved her with all my heart," answered Grace. "And I will go on loving her. And I will trust her implicitly, come what may. Dear old godfather, I feel ever so much happier after this talk with you." "And I'll order my horse and scour the country m search of this ragamuffin suitor of yours," said the colonel; and to himself lie added, " and i£ I find him it shall go hard if I don't buy him off pretty cheap, and set this little fool of mine free to smile upon honest Ted Colchester." 