S£?^CTS9 poETay. ! ROM THE WRECK.* " Turn out., boys I"—" What's up with our super, to-night 1 Tbe man's mad—Two hours to daybreak I'd swear— Stark mad—why, there isn't a glimmer of light.' " Take Bolingbroke, Alec, give J?ck the young mare; Look sharp 1 A large vessel lies jamm'd on the reef, And many on board still, and some wash'd on shore. Ride straight with the news—they may send some relief From the township ; and we—we can do little more. You, Alec, you know the near cuts ; you can cross The " Sugarloaf" ford with a scramble, I think ; Don't spare the blood filly, nor yet the black horse; Should the wind rise, God help them! the Ehip will soon sink. Old Peter's away down the paddock, to drive The nags to the stockyard as fast as he can— A life and death matter: so, lads, look alive," Half-dress'd, in the dark to the stockyard we ran. There was bridling with hurry, and saddling with haste, Confusion aud cursing for lack of a moon ; " Be quick with those buckles, we've no time to waste ;" " Mind tbe mare, she can use her hind legs to some tune." " Make sure of the crossing-place ; strike the old track, They've fenced off the new one ; look out for the holes On the wombat hills." "Down with the slip rails ; stand back." "And ride, boys, the pair of you, ride for your souls." In the low branches heavily laden with dew, In the long grasses spoiling with deadwood that day, Where the blackwood, the box, and the bastard oak grew, Between the tall gumtrees we gallop'd away— We crash'd through a bush fence, we splash'd through a swamp— We steerea for the north near " the Eaglehawk's Nest"— We bore to the left, just beyond the Red Camp," And round the black tea-tree belt wheel'd to the weBt— * We crosi'd a low ran e sickly scented with musk From wattle-tree bloBBom—we skirted a marsh— Then the dawn faintly dappled with orange the dusk, And pealed overhead the jay's laughter-note harsh, And shut the firsf sunstreak behind us, and soon The dim dewy uplands were dreamy with light, And full ou our left fiash'd " the reedy lagoon," And sharply " the Sugarloaf" rear'd on our right. A smo'hered curse broke through the bushman's brown beard, He turn'd in his saddle, his brick-colored cheek Flush'd feebly with sundawn, said, " Just what I feared ; Last fortnight's late rainfall has flooded the creek.' Black Bolingbroke snorted, and stood on the brink One instant, then deep in the dark, sluggish swirl Plunged headlong. I 6aw the horse suddenly sink, Till round the man's armpits the the waves seem'd to curl. We follow'd,—one cold shock, and deeper we sank Than they did, and twice tried the landing in vain. The third struggle won it, straight up the bteep bank We stagger'd, then out on the skirts of the plain. The stockrider, Alec, at starting had got The lead, aud had kept it throughout: 'twas his boast That through thickest of scrub he could steeT like a shot, -And the black horse was counted the best on the coast. The mare had been awkward enough in the dark, She was eager and headstrong, and barely half broke : She had had me too close to a big stringybark, And had made a near thing of a crooked sheoak ; But now on the open, lit up by the morn, She flung the white foam-flakes from nostril to neck. And chased him—I hatless, with shirtsleeves all torn (For he may ride ragged who rides from a wreck)— And faster and faster across the wide heath We rode, till we raced. 1 hen I gave her her head, And she—stretching out with bit in her teeth— She caught him, outpaced him, and passed bira, and led. We neared the new fence ; we were wide of the track; I look'd right and left—she had never been tried At a stiff leap. 'Twas little he cared on the black. " You're more than a mile from the gateway," he cried. I hung to her head, touched her flank with the spurs (In the red streak of rail not the ghost of a gap); She shortened her long stroke, she pricked her sharp ears, She flung it behind her with hardly a rap I saw the post quiver where Bolingbroke 6Tuck. And guessed that the pace we had co the last mile Had blown him a bit (he could jump like a buck). We galloped more steadily then for a while The heath was soon pass'd, in the dim distance lay The mountain. The sun was just clearing the tips Of the ranges to eastward The mare— could she stay 1 She was bred very nearly as clean as Eclipse ; She led, and as oft as he came to her side, She took the bit free and untiring as yet, Her neck was arched double, her nostrils were wide, And the tips of her tapering ears nearly met— "You're lighter than I am," said Alec at last, " The horse is dead beat and the mare isn't blown. She must be a good one—ride on and ride fast, You know your way now." So I rede on alone. Still galloping forward we pass'd tbe two flocks At M'Intyre's hut and M'Allister's hill— She was galloping strong at the Warrigal Rocks— On the Wallaby Range she was galloping still— And over the wasteland and under the wo«d, By down and by dale, and by fell and by flat She galloped, and here in the stirrups I stood To ease her, and there in the saddle I sat To steer her. We suddenly struck the red loam Of the track near the troughs—then she reeled on the rite— From her crest to her croup covered over with foam, And blood-red her nostrils and blood-shot her ev-' S. A dip in the dell where the wattle fire bloomed— A bend round a bank that had shut out the view— Large framed in the mild light the mountain had loomed, With a tall, purple peak bursting out from the blue. I pull'd her together, I pressed her, and she Shot down the dccliac to the Company's yard) And on by the paddocks, yet under my knee I rould feel her heart thumping tbe saddleti:<ps hard. Yet a mile and another; and cow we wore near The iroal, and the fields and the farms tU't*l pas", And 'twixt the two fences I turned with a cheer, For a green, grass-fed mare 'twas a far thing and fast; And laborers, roused by her galloping hoofs. Saw bare-headed rider and foam-sheeted steed ; And shone the white walls and the slatecolored roof'' Of the township. I steadied her then—I had need. Where stood the old chapel (where Btands the new church— Since chapels to churches have changed in that town). A 6hort, sidelong stagger, a long forward lurch, A s ight choking sob—and the mare had gone down. I slipp d off the bridle, I slackened the girth, I ran on and left her and told them my news; I saw her soon afterwards. What was she worth 1 How much for her hide ? She had never worn shoes. ADAM LINDSAY GORDON. °The Admella, wrecked on the South- East coast August 16, 1859. 