INTERCOLONIAL. IFROM OUR OWN C.IUUK3POXDEXT3. ] NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, March 10. Since Thuisdaj last several accomplished ofhcci s of the Impel lal fores have offered their scivices to the Government foi defence pur poses in case of England becoming involveel in wai They luve offered then services in any capacity of usefulness, and some who arc on a holiday intend lemaining her» uutil they ascertain if their sei vices will be required One of thcao ofhcei3 possèdes qualifications of the hrgho3t ordci in connection with naval defence Yesterday, Mi Geoige Augustus Sala vv as enabled, through the courtesy of the Lovel nor, to visit some of the most inteicsting portions of the harbour Hrs Exccllcncj's steam launch waa placed at the drsposal of Mr Sala, who, accomimnrcd bj a number of gentlemen steamed among the var rous bays, and expressed himself as delighted with the trip Parliament vv ill be opened at noon to morrow by his Excellency the Governoi in poison The troops of tho Sjdney Light Horse will foi m an e»cort on tho occasion It is proposed thattheio shall be no delay ni bunging foi vvaid the debate on the piopnety of the action of the Gov eminent in despatching troop3 to the Soudan The vv hole qucstron w rll bo fought out on an amendment to the Addicss m rcplj to the Governor s Speech and rf, as is gcnerallj supposed, theie should be anovei whelming raajOiitj n favoui of the Govern mont policj in the matter, it will bo piacti callj decided bj the debate on the addres Should these anticipations be icahsed a vote raaj be taken to morrow night 01 eailj on Wedne»da> morning It is understood lu well infoiraed enclos that the îejection bj a vet y lal gc majontj of anj amend nient condemnatorj of the Mrnrstcrral polrcj will t~imínate the maHcr A bill of m demnitv, providing for protecting all persons in anj vvaj connectée! with the îxmng and despatch of the ti oops foi the Soudan and the legalisation of their action in so doing and which will a^o ]iovide foi the necesäaiy ap propnahon foi the maintenance of the contin gent, will V immeliaMy introduced It rs probable that the íneasuio will not contain anj othei clauses than the few* necessarj foi the ind"mn ty sought In »u^h case theie can he no objet in memb°i3 dMajing the pa»sage of the bill, unle-s some scheme of taxation bo intioduced to provile for the expenditure OnFrila} the Hon W B Dillcy íceeived an invitation to contest the seat foi the electo rate of Aigjlc, rendered vacant hy the resig nation of Mi J T Gannon, but Mr Dalky declined Sir Henry Parkes states that he docs not intend to stand for Aig} le, but had Mi Dallej been m the field ho might have done so The troopers sent out in search of the escaped prisoners Angel and Thurstone, who are charged with the murder of gaoler Mitchell at Coonamble, returned last night without finding any trace of the criminals. Mitchell was buried on Sunday. The solicitorsforthoplainttft in thchbcl action M'Elhone v Eieninj News, filed a memoran dum to day of then intention to apply foi a rule nisi for anew trial on the ground that the veidiet was a=inist tin evidence The usual clean bill of health w ill be issued by the heilth authorities to all outgoing vessels on and after Tucadaj The patient James, who rcccntl} developed vanóla on board the steamer Ringarooma, has ncarlj recovered, and will leave the quarantine station to morrow Gool go Po}sei,a waiter at the Caledonian Hotel at II»}, committed suicide on Sunday hy shooting himself through the head with a revolver A cable message received from Hongkong to night states that tho colonial barque Both well Castle, bound fiom Newcastle to Petro paulovski, ian on a icef at Ngaiik Island, cast ward of the Carohno Islands, and became a total wreck The captain and crow were saved The Bothwell Castle was under the command of Captain H D Beer, and was loaded w lth 730 tons of coal She left New castle on the 19th of Novembci last She waa an iron bai quo of 592 tons, owned by Mcssra J, and A Brown, of Newcastle A lunatic named Alfred Dcnccn made his escape from the Parramatta Asylum on Sun- day ina very daring manner, and has not since been recaptured. Arrived : Archer, Burwah, and Glanworth, Steamers, from Brisbane. VICTORIA MELBOURNE, March 10. H.M.S. Nelson liai arrived here from Syd- ney. Admiral Tryon inspected the different war vowels of the Victorian Government on Saturday. A serious disturbance occurred at Denning- ton, near Warrnambool, this morning. Con- stable Daley, who is the only policeman stationed there, was attacked by three brothers named Doyle, one of whom had been arrested for drunkenness. Daley defended himself with an axe in the police station, and kept the ruffians at bay until the arrival of three con- stables from Warrnambool, when the offenders wore lodged in the gaol. Daley was severely injured. The mounting of the guns at the battery at Point Nepean was commenced to-day. The following horses arc now left in the Elsternwick Park Cup:-Grace Darling, The Ghost, Ironmaster, Amelia Victoria, Meteor, Alphabet, Lavington, Salvo, Bohemian, Babicia, Gohanna, Marie Louise, Mentmore, Miles, and Yellow Hammer. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, March IG. Sir W. and Lady Des Voux arrived here rom Melbourne by the R.M.S. Shannon, aud remain guests at Government House, Sir W. Jervois loft for Melbourne by the steamer Adelaide on Saturday, The Government have sent the following tele- gram to Lorel Derby :-" In view of tho possr bilitj' of complications arising requiring the presence of all the available military forces in Australia, and the postponement of the lime suggested for the despatch of troops obviating the necessity for immedinto action, tho Go- vernment aro disposotl to elefer tho conside- ration of the question of renewing their offer with reference to the Soudan until the meeting of Parliament about the end of May," The London agents of the Adelaide Under- writers' Association advise, under date March lHh, that no war premiums have as yet been charged. The Colonial Treasurer delivered an address at Mount Gambier to-night, in which ho de- fended the taxation scheme of the Govern- ment. Mr. Kingston, Acting Treasurer, will meet a deputation on the subject to-morrow, but it is understood that the Government do not intend to yield to the request of the deputa- tion to suspend tho operation of the Act until Parliament meets. TASMANIA. HOBART, March IG. The new steamer Tantii, built for the New Zealand Shipping Companj', arrived here on Saturday, and sailed for Auckland in the after- noon w ith over 500 tons of cargo. The Tanni left London on 21st January. NEW ZLALAND. WILLINCTON, MftichlO In view of the distiubed condition of Euro pean afïaus, the Government have niianged to have the intercolonial cabio and the pimcipal New Zealand telegiaph offices open all night A nch discoveiy of tin has been made at Karamea Heav} gales have boen experienced in the Noith Island, causing considerable damage The damage at Aucklaud is estimated at £2000 The steamer Thomas Russell has boen totally wiecked at the Bay of Plenty The cicw were saved The barque Millie Casey had a nari o w escape from being burned at sea The the was discovered in tim», and extinguished before senous damage was done A fire occurred at the Tamahere Hotel, Auckland, and destroyed the hotel promises Two childi en were burned to death 