CORRESPONDENCE. "W. Goodfellow."—The statement itself being uncertain it would be impossible to settle the wager yon refer to with justice. \- F. Mayfield."—It depends altogether upon what tbe rules of the Association say. The question is not very plain. " F. C."—We are i< formed that Rotunda concerts will in all probability be held during the summer months. "Oval."—You must communicate with tbe Secretary. "One Who Likes Justice to All."—We cannot publish your letter unless you send your name. "Frances S. Wright" writes :—"I thank Canon Green for his invitation, but before I accept it I should like to know what he teaches as 'the things which a Christian ought to knew and believe for his soul's health.' Are these things the blessing of candlesticks, how to hold a cross in processions, when to bow, and other such nonsense? If these be the things essential to the soul's health I prefer to remain ignorant of them as things which tend rather to the destruction of spiritual worship. If he means the worship of saints and angels I may tell the Canon (I am a Protestant, as he professes to be) that I worship only the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, but not the host of Heaven. Canon Green refers to Colossians ii. 18 as furnishing authority for the worshipping of angels. I am amazed at Mr. Green. Is it possible he does not know the passage condemns the worship which the Canon countenances? I recommend to him the perusal of 2 Peter iii. 16, and advise him for the future not to wrest the Scriptures. I would also refer him to the following passages, and ask him how he reconciles these with the adoration of angels:—Revelation xix. 10 and xxii., and Romans i. 25. It grieves me to see a Protestant minister copying the fashions of the Romish Cbuich. I can respect the Church of Rome because of its open avowals, but that a professedly Protestant Church should harbour in its bosom those who seem to direct their efforts to Romanize the Church stirs my soul with loathing." "A. B. C."—The fly leaf you have sent has reached our bands. We regret we have not spice to put it in full. " A Subscriber" rc forest trees has not sent his name. "Enfield" writes in reference to a paiagraph which appeared in this paper headed "Constant Cropping" as follows:—" This paragraph appearing in your paper is very misleading. Does your reporter suppose that the crop of wheat be mentions as being 6 feet high is a specimen of growth^ from land that has been constantly cropped without manure for forty years ? It would have been wiser for your reporter to have made enquiries from the proprietor, when he would have ascertained that the wheat-crop mentioned is upon land that has betn Testing lor years: in fact the village cricketground and the barley crop is a very good illustration of the beneficial effects of rotation of crops with manure. With the exception of these smill patches the farm shows unmistakable evidence of having been cropped for forty years without manure " " Wonna."—The only division was on the question that £14,000 should be struck out and £10,000 be insetted, in which Dr. Cockhnrn voted for ref-iii ing tbe full anions!. aai Jii'. Hiias;'. fixirg it at £10,000. 