OIIMAXA, TBy Lyi'u.nder Bushel, Esquire] Some momentous and bcusatiunal chapters uf international or world history would seem to he, as it were, in process of brewing, being wiiV'l. or 6£t up iu iypc, and will shortly be puhuE^cd. The news from the Queensland Ageut- Gcntr.J that, in home public opinion, war with Russia is now cuusidered ' inevi table,' reads rattier stale; for that opinion Uns Lcen held by many ihtuking niiuda in the colonies ur$;-i;ie time past. Over a month or two ag - 1 ^pressed it iu your columns, wiien 1 also Sdid that KnglauU should then have at once recalled tbe troops fronj llie Sjudau, obuii.cd tlic alliance of Turki-v, aod flung the gauntlet to the Czar. The rcctll of the troops uud th- uiii-iuce of Turkey have only just recently bven announced as bciug ' con sidercu*' or miked about by he individual wiio is still hoarjuced with John Bull's confidence as his leader uf the great Liberal party, his Libera! Piemier, hi-t (hand Old Man I Truly, it, m liis auniinug fiiends believe, the Impe rial Liberal Tr^mier has doue hid level beat to serve his country, with the results now known lie had far better employ Lytuoder Bushel, Esquire, as his Australiau A*gcnt-General to furnish him with some antipodean couutel and good advice for the better regulation of his foreigu policy 1 ' Barkis is williu'.' A French statesman honoured with the authorship of the axiom, ' Mau is ever abuut to' reform, but is never reformed.' Th«j say ing, though possibly more or less true of all meu, is more especially true of Liberal states tueu than of auy other meu. Your Liberal Premiers aud politicians, from the Graud Old Man to Our Sam, and their disciples, are always prcgnaut^vith stupendous schemes and efforts of ?? Reform' j bu', somehow, they always bungle iu labour, and after couvulsiug countrie* and communities with varieties of agonies thoy— like ihe pr-*ver--iul Mount&iu; in | Labour — invariably bring forth the mitt ridiculus. Gladstone was sevetc ia ciiUcism of Beacousflehl upon the Kasteru Questiou. But the fame of the deceased Const-r/ative great leader is yet green and radiant with the honor of having maiutained the honor aud prepttge of Great Britain upon every phase of that questiou. Whereas Gladstone has tar nished our natioual honor nnd piestige iu Kijpr, as with Germany aud all fjreig^ count ies ; just as Gur Sam has injured the interests of tbe labouring classes, the timber* goiters, and the planters while professing an luteusc desire to serve them. The revered memory uf ?' The Liou Heart of the Last Crusade' ia alivo iu every true h -arteJ Britou, aud is now Uiiug— like the ghost of Gordon— to kindle tho national iudig nation against the statesman whose impolicy was tantamount to the political murder of tho hero, aud responsible for the io.;s to the country — iu her time of need — of samj of her best soldiers. A lady living a*. L:cJs, Eng land, writes to Sydney, stating that a great deal of ill-filing prevails iu that town against the English (government with rcgar I to the death of General Gordnu at Khartoum. There is wide- spread regret there, not only at the loss of Gordon, but also at the loss of Karle aud Stewart, who were considered two of the bset men of the army. It is stated that, upon the reccipt of the uews of General Earle'e death, Mrs. Gladstone »eut to bis widow's residence to offer her condolences. It happeued that Mrs. liarlo's mother (Lady Codriogton) was pruscut, aud gave Mrs. Gladstone 'a bit of her mind.' Many people iu Leeds have u'fuscd to subscribe to tho Gordon Memo.ial Fuud, not because they have not a proper regArd i'or the memory of that hero, but becansc Mr. Gladstone's name is on tbe com mittee, aud ' bcoau6e thoy regard its presence tnere as a piece of hypucrhy oil the hou. geulKnnaa's part,' * A provincial N S.W. paper aays ' Dallny and his demons have carried the day ; but for every mnn of the contingent who dies the death every man jack of the Ministry should be put on their trial for manslaughter.' That opinion has gathered head and strength since the contingent left. The cntbasiasm which heralded the proposition for dispatch of a I N.S.W. levy bb an auxiliary to the Imperial array in the Soudan — and which was more or less echoed throughout the Australias — was born of a race and patriotic sympathy with our fellow-countrymen in their s'ruggfe with tbe brave aod fierce Arabs, and a desire to avenge the hero who fell a victim to Liberal impolicy and Egyptian treachery. But, upon subsidence of that enthusiasm, Australians are beginning to see that poor Gordon is not likely to be the Inst or only victim of that Liberal impolicy : that our Empire ia now— by that eame impolicy — committed to a war with the second most powerful warlike nation in the world — a war of which the present generation may only live to see tbe commence ment ; and that New Sonth Wclcs, Queens laud, aud the other colonies of Australasia may yet stand in need of all the resources they can command, to meet cmetgencies that may arise from out that war. It is a matter of congratulation that nil the colonies, iucluding this one, arc awakening to their responsibilities in this respect, and I con gratulate my fellow-townsmeu, aod your paper which advocates their interests, that Been leigh is also to the fore, and n^t behind, in that rcspect, as tbe meeting of last Monday evinced, and tbo one this evening will cer tainly prove. 