srosmoTOFxes. Iv spite of the threatening state of Abe weather the attendance at Caulfield on Satur day was fairly up to the average, the faot of its being " the Ladies' Day" attracting a big crowd of fair visitors. Backers, as usual at uauineia, naa very inue aimcuity m putting their finger on the right peas, Hunts man, Lisette, and Country Boy being each heavily backed for their respective events, while bnt very few metaliirians escaped laying Dundee and Hannibal. Proceedings commenced (nearly a quarter of an hour late) with the Hurdle Race, in which Hunts man, who evidently saw his party backing him, went to the front end stayed there without the semblance of an effort, winning with a lot " up his sleeve." Dundee, piloted by Mr. C. Glasscock, had very little difficulty in shaking off his three opponents, old Blaok- thorn finishing second. Then followed the attraction of the meeting— the Bracelet— for which 27 runners weighed out, nothing look ing better, in my opinion, than tbe three plaoed horses — Hannibal, Ferules, and Primus ; while old Phantom, Evie, and the mod.hmned Ronnie Scotland were each in oapital condition. Primus went to the' front on tbe fall of the flag, and looked all over a winner as he rounded into the straight, where he was joined by the old blaok selling plater Hannibal', and although half way up the straight Primus was racing level with him home, the boy on Hannibal eat as still as a reck (evidently frightened to move on his mount, who wonld probably have chncked it up if .panicked), and just got home by a bare head. Ferules, who was interfered with, managed to make a dead heat for second place with Prima, while Erie, Phantom, and The Ghost finished iu the first flight. ' Another slashing finish ensued in the Steeple cbaee, Batty just contriving by sheer, desperate jockeyship to lift the mare home by a short head in tbe lust stride, Native being about the same distance behind Old Soul. Country Boy, who was very freely spoken of iu the paddock during tbe afternoon -as " a certainty" -for theRichmond Handicap, was serred up very warm for that event, and more than justified the good opinion of his backers by winning in such hollow fashioQ that I shall expect to see him furtherdislinguish himself shortly. Bohemian, who was the only other horee backed for money, failed to get nearer than fourth, and I know of no more disappointing animal in the country than Mr. Smart's cast-off, who does wonderful things in private, but never runs up to anything like bis form when backed. The last race being over at a few minutes past -four, visitors returned to town in capital iimf. Always <a busy month for sportsmen, July, '85, is likely to torn out one continuous round of racing. Dogs to-day at Sherwood Park ; ateeplecharing and trottiog at Elsternwick Park on Saturday ; Moonee Valley the fol lowing week; the Waterloo Cup on 15th July and the following days; V.RC. Grand National Steeplechase on the 18th; Deniliquin on (he 2Lst and 22nd, and Wiltiamstown on the 26th, make up a month's sport tempting enough to lure even Marshal Booth over to the camp of "the enemy." Those sportsmen who do not 1 ' go to the dogs" on the second day of the Waterloo Cup Meeting an reminded that the Grand Annual Champion Pigeon Shooting States, of If 6 soys., ana (he Champion Gold Medal for 1685, comes off at the Elsternwick Park Coarse, under the saspioes of Abe Melbourne Chin Dink on Thnnaav. 16th Julv. -The oonBftKobs sre— Eleven birds each, 26 yards ri oe. Chine limited to'12-gauge, viSelof both barrels. l£cs. shot; elnb roles, boundary, eto. Nominations, with £2, most be lodged with the underrigned, at the Frinoe of. Wales Hotel, on or before Monday, 13th July, at 8 p.m. Aoceptanoes, with £3, must he paid on or "before "Wednesday, 16th July, at 8 p.m. The committee reserve to themselves the power to refuse to aooept any nomination they may deem fit. The prizes are open to all-comers, and as the secretary, Mr. Phil Levi, is working hard to get a big entry together, I need hardly add thatiome A rebooting 'will be witnessed. aJalyJrioBb Jfiailh between Messrs. Coleman and Gregory, the latter gentleman uooeeded in winning the Victorian Club Billiard Tournament The winner through out tbe whole game played " billiards" right up to $hs handle, and although be unquestionably 9 had .-g\\. bit the best . of tbe handicap, that advantage was lightly discounted by the fact that at one time disqualification was spoken of, and ;tbat knowledge ie scarcely likely to improve a man's nerves, when playing billiards. Messrs. 'Alf. Harper, Button, and J. Coleman, eaoh of whom met the winner in turo, played <a slashing game, but tke points beat them at the finish. A large amount of coin Changed hands over, the tournament, the winner being backed for a good deal of money, principally by the "smaller men," after he had won his first two courses. Tnw long list of disqualifications for season "64-85, ;has.been still further added to by.ths 'iBendigo stewards' derision, disqualifying ;Ftisilier sad his rider, Scott, for twelve jmqotbe, on tbe grouods of a jostle in the 'Hurdle Race. It appears thti Scott, who has-been in the habit of riding in India out? side 'tis posts, instead of from hurdle to ' hurdle, as the race is run at Bendigo, inter- fered with Herri, whose rider miftfc. jtmighk for the hurdle, and commenced, las Scott states, to bore him in, and, imagintftg' he was doing right, he (Soott) Sept his and Merri cams down, Fusilier going on, and winniog easily. Herri's owner vuMpquently entered apro test, and the stewards dstermined to award the r&ce; to tbe aeoond hone, Bracs- jr VHfodFafilieraadjjpriderfor twoivt mnnlhti. when at t' i p<?» f.( he asked tbe rier r.: r s i , 1\. it- t-e krer the - "Yc? " U <tis > 1 W, , appeare io'pres-- UiC n-l'-y, who bej ru ' £.0® fedi.-, and rii; really r"4- 'i. with a view to rohssln; 1 iT » - 1 r 1 take place in Gfoofjr?.- the stewards who rift the svicie r houki b« in ihw4>eSt-'porith>h'w«ddge ot a . case on it« merit, tt a') tkes a Very broad distinction shcnld he ervw. a ! yiUalsad an inadrertdbt jvoLto « as (ho . wf- ola ttfTt'.: aoh '.-m >.o have at-s ; > ! i. rivj-ntf, ptruapt Ulg', ' a-c'Us : uf ihe'B.J 0, ir-.y ystfee thnr rs? . ;r»-r to at r,»» -Llr. -"ir>di'y he original cirtabficRtion. I Jti r r, . ml of tht V-KC. the deeuiuu .. fae local club, ( ;.< bsc would follow.Bcott to India, where, ht tcicirrd tc ride to Lord William Beresford . Clear mal- praotices on the tarf should be dealt with stringently, bnt owe should be taken to see that accidental interferences are not so handled. i f \ What Commotion is on the flat, old Sussex undoubtedly was across countiy-ythe cbampion— his V.R.G. Grand National Steeplechase win, under ISst. lib., being probably the greatest peformenoe ever achieved south of the line, while his Eeilor Stakes and Maiden Plate victories on tke flat stamp him unmistakably as the bsst all- round performer in the colonies. Sussex, who is still in the prime of life, is now plsoed in the hands pi, Messrs. W. 0. Yuille and Co. for.private sale, and, as his subscription at the stud hat always filled, and as high a ignrs Si .JOO'galiMM fau Iimb iaaliied by the sale of one of his oolts, he i£ not likely to remain long without a purchaser. This week, as our illustration, we give a portrait of J. M. Johnson, the champion sprint runner of America. During the last few months Johnson has been breaking re cords and earning reputation that has placed him in -the foremost rank of pedestrians. Owing to pressure'in oar space we are com pelled to hold over a detailed account of hie career till next week. A yodno man named William Russell was fatally injured last week whilst schooling one of Mr. Phillip Bowling's horses over the jumps at Albert Park on Thursday last. The horse fell heavily, and rolled over Russell, who wsb Immediately taken to the Alfred Hospital, where he died on the following , morning. An injuest was held, at whion ; the medical evidence showed that death was oauaed by rapture of tbe liver and kidneys; A verdict of accidental death was returned. . The Moonee ..Valley Ootber Cup, to which Mr. Cox adds 300 eo vs. , ehoold attract a large entry, as it will be well worth winning, u addition to the money prise, Mr. C. D. Strater and other gentlemen intend to pre sent a silver cap, 4 value 50 so vs., to. the winner. Mb. Leopold de Rotsschzld! motion, to add to Rule 4 (iii.)—' " At each meeting advertised in the 41 Baring Calendar ,k ihere ahall he not less than one weight-for -age raoe .per day, not a selling race, asdnotoonnuedfo two-year-olds "—was carried by Ihe EngUsh: Jockey Olnb. Backers would like to see a similar state of affairs in Australia. ' Bra Sainm has been improving in form lately. At Sandhurst he won bis third con secutive steeplechase, so that Mr. Hamfll has no raason to grumble about him. The fields certainly were not of the brilliant order, bat the son of Haghtnden won all the events in good style. — Dtrsnr the first week in August Messrs. W. 0. Yuille ud Co. hold their annual sale of thoroughbred stallions and mares, trotting, and roadster stallions, etc., aad,!as a « v.fatioally- bred mares have < ;r.red -for sale, absolute rri'hc . . - .tending purchasers wm hav t >c9ituuty of picking up ai.-ia .<« -e- .-ap," ' f'T. tb- thro iighbred - etauiM' nine, w pa ?.-i - imported by Mr. B. J.. Hunter, has been '< by Messrs. Campbell, 'PraU, and Go. to Mr. Andrew Town, the . -k nowh"Ne w South Waks breeder. The hnte"?iE rei'y sVdirch des sonjs of Hie west bn>od"cmreiin | the coloriei. Cheviot is excfrisovly bred, | both for Btoul- ueB and brLUiwrtJ, being bj , adverit ;»rer irvta. Or »v Stocking, by ' , V-r auet have br v-is tiroo j qoit -iua or thoroughbreds -l- r.c Auokg»i the member of the new Con servative Ministry iu Erisnii 5 Lor<? lltr;.;, who ie well known to cricket eupporUrc I the leader of the mixed team who visited the colonies a few years ago. - The new Under- Secretary for India has latterly busied a good deal in politics, and late English files state that in future more of his time would be occupied by his Parliamentary duties. The Ministry alio includes the name of Mr. Heniy Chaplin, well known in home sport ing circles as the owner of the Derby winner, Hermit From the foregoing it will be seen that two important branches of sport are well represented in the new team. It will he seen that Ifr, J. J. Miller intends to have a Supreme Court deoision if necessary before yielding to the ukase of the Postmaster-General, whioh prohibits all letter, newspapers, or packets addressed to htm at Sydney. The object of the Oat etU notioe Is, of course, to prevent Mr. Idler carrying on his famous sweeps this year. About eeven months ago, in aooordanoe with the powers conferred by the new Act of 1883, the Postmaster- General stopped delivery of letters to "Boz" and " Champion," and, reoognislng the authority, Mr. J. J. Idler, like Mr. Boland, established his offioe in New Sooth Wales. Ike party who desire to suppress every sign of speculation, except from the Stock Exchange, naturally frit wrath at their victims thus escaping from their grasp, and it is pretty probable that ?retsure was bronght to bear upon the 'ostmaster-General to issue this further decree. Mr. Croker, solicitor for Mr. Miller, has' written formally to the Hon. ' Mr. Campbell, pointing -out that the Act gives him control only over letters, etc., addressed to people in Viotoria, and that in ; extending his prohibition to communica tions addressed .to residents outside the :cplony he is acting ultra vires . It is very evident that Parliament had no idea, when passing the Act, of involvings the country in iintercolonial and poBsiblyinternational difficul ties. Consequently there is little doubt that the 'Grown law officers, to whom the. matter has' |been referred, wfll advise the postal authori- jties to quietly withdraw tne iltadvued . Gazette notice. : AX0FG8T the ' tales reoently effected by Meiers. W.' C. Yuille and Co. have been a oheShbt-eutar Hothehurdle- racer The Agent ; BU -Gilee, by Columbus from Lrioha; Warbler, - by . Tim Whiffler from Cahtatriee; Bourbon, by The Sign; and Grand X>uche«s, by Kingdom from The Novice/ Tub entries for tbe Deniliquin raoes, to be i run od the 2lst and 22nd July, appear in another column, and must be very satisfac tory to the committee. There are 25 In the Flying Handioap, Fsoaa and Olu- cinnatue. The Warbreooaa Handioap has 28, and here we find Duration, Uness, Sir Charles, Jimmy, and other well-known per formers. Twenty-two are entered for the DenilSquiu Jockey Olnb Handioap, and they include Athenian and Vernet. The Hurdle hah Zona, Equity, Devisee, Merri, Joe's Indian Queen XL, Dnnleary, and Tantsliaer in at, and in tbe Steeplechaee we find the names of Denmark, Union, Blackthorn, Joe's Indian Queen II., and other weU-known performers. . jissnnD'oiiaiiuffl "Hasten made to Mr. 6\. J. Cook's string m Mis Cars, a filly belonging to Mr. F. Honty ; she is by St. Albtns out of Firefly, and ske has won the Hamilton .Juvenile stakes, jbr. Henty is a .believer in our earlier nmniog blood, and the fiUye pedigree runs back to some of our earliest performers. Thxbx i? vcrv pToh&uiiity; of a nusneroua | eu-ioc>sfui meet v' :he fiailorat Hunt | CAS; next. A special train will j Le r i.u 1:l. I', .'."rsit to w alia. i.hc fares being— ici' hu"pk ir.<) ri-ier. 25t., | traveller 5a. - ifn Tii© uVi- master, I Mr. 7TTrwt..n WijfC l.ui, i- | invitalio!.- u or. iLe -Ir.r. j A ubbtiko is to bo held at Rand wick, under the auepicee of the Northern Hunt Club, on the 22od August. A nice pro gramme hae been put forward. It odnsiste of a Hurdle Race, a handicap eweepstakee bf 2 eovs. each for etartere, with 60 so vs. added, for the firet horee ; Flying Handicap, of 50 eovs. for the first, and 10 eovs. for the second ; the Northern Hunt Club Oup, atrophy value 70 iove. for the first horse, one value 20 sovi. for the second, and one of 10 eovs. for the third horse. The event is for bona-Jide hunters, to be ridden by gentlemen in hunt ing costume. The next event is the Selling .Rase, of 70 eovs. ; and the Hunt 8takes, a trophy value 80 sove. for the first hone, one value 10 eove., and another value 6 ioti. for the third hone, completes the programme. The committee will frame the weights for tbe Hunt Club Cap and Hunt Stakes, whilst Mr. Sc&rr; will look after the others. Nomi nations must be made on or before Monday, 3rd August, and the handicaps will be declared on Thursday, 18th August. Mb. Cox is egaia in the field with bis programme for the meeting to be held at Moonee Yalley on Saturday, 11th July. The erents are a Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs. ; July Handioap, of 50 eove. ; Steeplechase, of 75 sore. ; Selling Race, of 60 eove. ; and the Latest Handicap, of 50 sovs., for two-year- olds. Entries close on Monday next, at four .o'clock, and the weighte will be published on Thursday, 9th July. Tbx numerous friends of W. Harden will be glad to learn that be ie progressing as j well as can be expected. He received a reiy I nasty fall, and will never forget Molrow. jdabdef was tne recipient ok some very pleating information yesterday afternoon, as Hr. Sam Grimwood, who is ever to the fore in any aot of oharity, oouveyed to him news of the faot that he had collected £113 for himself and family— another little iDBtnnoe of those acts of booKmaktug bruevulence which I have had to chronicle so frequently of late. The steeplecbafer Fame has probably made his last appearance on a Victorian course, ae his owner states he leaves shortly for Gympie. Sevebal well-known trainers have found it necessary to add to their stabliog accom modation. T. Coffey, who has quite a little troop under hiscbarge,hasbad to put up half- a-dozen new boxes, and over at Caulfield T. Jonea has added the eame number to his stabler. Au&tbaliah; horses bave again been sweep ing tbe board in Singapore. Magioian, who onoe formed one of Mr. Glaeaoook'e numer ous string, won the Teuton Cup, and also annexed the Maharajah's Gap. The well-bred Barrsneer, formerly one of the hopes of Mr. A. F. Smart's stable, won the Maiden Plate. Kynoona, a eon of Kingdom,' and formerly well known in the Western District, placed the Derby to his credit. Kingdom's produce, therefore, has been well represented both at home and abroad lately. A billxIbd match, 500 up, for £100 a-eide, between Messrs. Joe Thompson and J. Darby, took place at the Victorian Club rooms on Saturday night, and resulted in an easy victory for tbe veteran, who ran out over a hundred ahead of his opponent. AnxxmoH is directed to the faot that aoeeptsneee for all the Deniliquin Jookey Club handicaps are due on Wednesday, the loth Inst., at 8 o'clock p.m. The amounts to be transmitted will be found in the rinb'e advertisement, which appears fo another column. The attention of bookmakers is also drawn to the conditions under whioh they may ply their vocation on the oourse. The programme of the Spring Meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf CInb appears in our advertising columns. It will be seen that £1850 ie added by the dub, besides £310 .from owners of sires, and tbe. Cup and Brace let of £100 each. The Mews' Produce Stake" also should be an inducement to owners of two-year-olds, while £100 ie added to etch of the following events : — Hurdle Race, Steeple- chaee, Shorts Flying Handicap, Mile Handi cap, and (he Prince of Wales' Belling Race. The Grand Stand Handicap is now £125 of £100, eo that, altogether, the meet ing ehould be well worth the attention of owners of horses. A LIEGE number of invitations have been issued to sporting men to be present at an exhibition of the scratching apptianoe recently invented by Messrs. Haydon and Gannt The apparatus, which has already been described in these columns, will be displayed on the Elsternwick Perk racecourse at three o'clock to-morrow afternoon. > We are requested to call attention to the programme of the Horsham Winter Meeting, which will be held on Tuesday, 4th August, the day before the local show. Tbe pro gramme consists - of a Hurdle Raoe of 17 sovs.; Flat Raoe, of 10 eovs. ; Steeplechase, of 35 sovs ; and Selling Hurdle Race, of 10 sovs. Nominations must he made on 18th Jqly; the weights will be published on OJll. >Tn1w ill. aiuimlflnMB tN IIIA on thb 30th of the 'tame month. The Horsham show, whioh takes plaoe on the Wednesday and Thursday following the raoes, offers £10 for the beet hunter, and £5 for the beet hurdle-jumper, so that the two things combined ,ooght to attnot good nomi nations. Ms. Akdbew Tows, whilst paying atten tion to hie ordinary etnd, does not negleot the improvement of hie trot te re, and he nu now a splendid eoUeotion of them. He hu trow added Honesty to his list of aires, and hie ie one of the verylbeet of his data 'Lhe ever possessed. The Melbourne Hoot Olnb open their v-v deer perk at Kororoit with a lnneheon Saturday next. In onr leading columns will be fonnd an analysis of the Melbourne Cop and Metro politan weights, together with " Vigilon' 'e ' present opinions on eaoh of those evente an-i , the Hawkesboiy Handioap. Robots at" the betting zoom i. elect, bnt toward, the close of the . ! . when backer, hare-had time to read, hp - learn, and inwardly dteeit the Cup wo,' ;. they will probably settle down to their r . and give the pencQlen plentr_of _ Q|-.— - - 'Sfewa?ead,' been backed' for 'ou of money duriaihe past month, was c'jf ported straight out to win the Cup, on i \r publication of the weights, at thousand. - thirty, while the same odds were-uceejt- about Warwick, Coronet, and Sign;-. Wagering on the Grand National Hur and Steeple is still sluggish, and istikel ' - remain in that condition until tbe Dowl v Forest party show their hand. Ms. JoawvY Solomons, the well-kno Sydney meteUtcian ard owner of the 6sis .J Theatre, hsB opened premises in Pi'.- at a rcbacconlet, opposite Tatter?;'. Race Cf-rds. To r,'«- / the RpvTisnuitt. 8m, — Mr. Htyjoii '£ c'we f rood deal i improve and popu:£?ta — l" tcra»lt! but tfats course and that if Moonee Vsffey dific : from all others at which I bave been preser from the fact that merely carte and uo books the races are issued Iu connection with th meetings. Now, I, and lots of ofien whom koow, who care little for actual beting or . race, often desire to get up a sweep upon it ? our amusement, but if we have no book v trouble is too great. Besides— as tome perw . keep their bill of tbe play or every perianal they have attended—! like to keep my racuv book as a record of tbe meetUga at which have been present. When I have spoken to gentlemen concenur.v tbe non-issuing ot books in connection wi' . Moonee Valley end Elsternwick, I have be., told that the promoters of these meetings do n wish to encourage sweeps ; and that they desli < to placate the "ring," whose members ate bitterly hostile to tbe introduction of ewer:, at their meetings. Is this so? Certainly not as far as theV.T.C. is co cerned, as Mr. Haydon tells as he purposes tr. - ing the experiment next Saturday.— Ed. 6. 