A STRANGE VOYAGE. ; BY W. CLARK RUSSELI., ! Author cf "A Sea Queen," "The Lady j Maud," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," "The [ Wreck of the Grosvenor," &c.; " In sea affairs nothing is impossible and nothin; improbable."—LORD NELSON. CHAPTER XVI. THE DERELICT. Of this there could be no doubt; whether ' the crew were aboard the other ship re- j inained to be discovered ; that this French- : man was derelict was as Certain as that she | was "sinking." In a few minutes she was : rolling with sodden, sickly motion in pur j wake, and wc were standing for the othei ship, with the sun like a mountain of red-hot r steel on the sea line, and draining its ti-es into the deep, and the sky to right over our mastheads a motionless plain of brick-red light, terribly grand to • behold for the im- j mensity of it, and then paling into yellow as it swept down arch on our left till it grew as green as a spring leaf over the sea | 1 there. 1 can tell you it was an overpowering sun- | set to sail under "with that barque sinking astern. One saw a bronzed face here acd there forward staring up as though the man had been hailed from aloftj and then lookiog at the barque, and afterwards at the ship we were heading for, and gnawing a tobacco junk until the movement of the muscles was visible from the quarterdeck. Those amonQ us who had' occupied chairs resumed their seats—for even Edwards had got up to look : at the Frenchman as we passed—and the colonel rattled out, " You all now see what a collision is. It's a dreadful kind of accident. A man oughtn't to be considered nervous for providing against it, by jingo !" " Did you notice where she was damaged, captain ?" I asked. " Her stempiece was started, sir; she'll be drawing in the water through the Lord alone knows how many hooden - ends," answered the old fellow with a solemn face, as though he were speaking of a drowning fellow-creature. •'"What a hoirible thing shipwreck must be!" exclaimed Mrs. Inglefield. "I would rather die at once than be tossed about in an open boat." She shuddered, and I fancy her shudder was real this time, for she had her eye on one of our quarter boats as she spoke. "Not when- it came to the point," said little Hornby briskly, and rubbing his hands. ." Self-preservationisan astonishingly powerful instinct, I assure you." " "If shipwreck would cure, the -gout I wouldn't at all mind spending a day or two in an open boat, exclaimed Mr. £dwards. *' Look ' here, Edwards !" shouted the colonel, looking uncomfortable; " hang it all, don't let us talk of open boats. If nothing short of that is going to cure you, then 1 must beg to be put ashore with my wife and daughter without delay." "There'U be no open boats 'this bout, sir," exclaimed Pipes heartily.- I've been thirtyfive years atr sea, and have only been shipwrecked four times, and that gives you aa average of nigh nine years to pass upon the ocean without danger." Meanwhile Miss Edwards kept silence, watching the wonderful glory in the west, her eyes on fire with the. effulgence that dyed us all crimson, and that flung a rosy haze upon the ship, through which you saw gleams of a carmine hue glancing from the brasswork and glass, though the sun was gone. 'Miss Inglefield was ; listening to the conversation, and no one, I think, but I noticed Miss Edwards's deep abstraction. It was a lovely study. The mood in her made her face exquisitely pensive ; the wind stirred her hair upon her brow, she breathed softly yet deeply, with, parted lips,-aid her bosom" rose and fell as a sleeper's. She broke away from her thoughts whatever they were' with a kind df sigh, and looked straight at me, just as a person often will at one who watches him intently. I felt a trifle of colour come into my face at this sudden detection which had given- me no time to turn my glance from her.'' - " I hope, 1 ' said she to me, " that we shall find the poor ;people who belonged, to that barque safe bn~board the.other ship." "1 am afraid we shan't,' r said L " Why do you "say that, Aubyn 7" exclaimed •Edwards. - ' " Because I think she's abandoned." "That's my notion, too,'* said Pipes, taking up a telescope. . . J . " Well, hang me if I like these incidents,''; growledXhe colonel. • "Little dramatic experiences, Quite dig raygul, and signifymg nothing at all so far as we are. concerned, I assure you," piped Hornby. "It's' quite .proper that the monotony of the eea ehould foe-relieved. --We want to be interested and all that sort of thing, don't you I Know, r to prevent the voyage fiom growing Tedious. 1 ' " I hope we shan t meet with a drowned body," said Mrs. Inglefield, fanning herself, though the wind was cool and comfortable. "I am certain such a sight would make me hysterical I don't feel quite well yet." The strong glow at the end of the colonel's , agar betrayed his feelings more forcibly than had he hawled out. He was indeed smoking with tremendous energy, expelling great clouds, and letting fly at them with his hand. Oh, mamma, don't talk of drowned bodies, said Miss Inglefield. " If your mother can make an uncomfortable suggestion she'll not spare you," exclaimed the coloneL This caused Mrs. Inglefield to look at her -husband with an expression of surprise and resentment, and for some moments they quarrelled with-their., eyes. -Then the lady assumed an air of disdain, as if, though she was sorry for it, she really couldn't help pitying Charley, and in a weak voice askea ilr. Eawards what o'clock it was, The old gentleman handed the question on to Hornby, not choosing to exert a gouty hand in pulling out his. watch.. The rich light was dimming rapidly, the sea in the opposite quarter was coming out dark in a liquid indigo line against the sky there, where a few stars trembled, and the barque astern turned grey and shadowy ia the tender gloom that crept along, one could not tell from where. "If there is nobody in that ship where will the men be?" asked Miss Edwards. " Pulling away for their lives, miss, somewhere or other, if they're not picked up, though in what direction it's impossible to say," replied Pipes, overhearing the question, \- •> casting his eyes round the sea, as though 40 be ab,e t0 lX)inC out the hTwould be ££ boats to her. The breeze slightly freshened when the sun went down, and the slip of moon whitened into silver as the afterglow dimmed off sea and sky. I had another goof look at the ship ahead whilst there was yet light to see hei by. She was "all in the wind," as the phrase is, canvas'shivering, bowsprit gone at the gammoning, jibs and staysails overboard with the booms, mainsail hauled up. and all the braces .fore and aft slack as a watchchain. A sort of dim" spark would come off ,her decks as she rolled, and when I first saw it I failed a pistol was exploded aboard of her as a signal, tL 11 ^ Bheen of glass caught tll my eye and explained toe C^e «, a £ glitter. She showed no colours, and thou'^Q J foujd see her- square sterc and the swell of Eertopsides with a narrow chequered band under the chains, I could not niake out her , name. Whilst the orange-light was in tae sky she came out clear, the tints of her hull W»d spars awl s^Us viable in the radiance that streamed out of the east's reflection of the sunset; but when the oriental lustre faded, whilst the pale western glow was still beyond the ship, there was a minute she stood block &S; & sketch Ik India ink. Miss Edwards started up from her cliair to look, and I posted myself alongside of her as she overhung the ..lee-rail,, gazing with the rapt afdent expression that any object of beauty would put into her eyes. " It is like a piece of black needlework on yellow satin," said she. It was a woman's fancy, and as pretty and as exact as need be. The sails, the hull, the spars of the vessel might have passed for a piece of carving in jet; every-rope and yard- , arm and masthead lay in exquisitely clear/ fine black strokes upon the illuminated background, and there hung the ship as though j she were a Chinese toy in ebony-wood, heaving jgfjly upon f-he Water, whilst the of the night went creeping down to her and along the heavens, transforming the blue of the ocean into a dark grey, an bringing out a sort oi pearly glimmer the vessel's sails. ^iss Edwards aloud. " And wBit * sense of mystery, too, the ocean at BV^nt Excites in one! In the daylight nothing could have been more real "than that ship; and now she has beebme a phantom, as much so as if she were centuries old and had risen from the sand that her crew might behold the young moon,' and she threw back her head and looked straight up at the sky. , . ^ . . . , . " The reason the sea is mysterious at night is because its extremities are hidden, and that causes its bigness to appeal to the imagination; otherwise it's just the same at night as it is in the day—salt, and round, and all that sort of thing, don't you know, exclaimed the voice of little Hornby. I had no idea he was near us, and the -suddenness with which Miss Edwards turned proved her ignorance too." " Yes, Mr. Hornby, that is the reason, no doubt," said she gravely, and then uttered seme commonplace and moved quietly away Ji'T. Ki], I i I | I I I was rather annoyed by Hornby's intrusion. The girl was in a delightful mood, pensive and tender, and I should have much enjoyed a poetical chat with her, if only for the sake of the ^subtle sentiment that gets mixed up in imagery and fancies and allusions to nature when the stars are shining and the two who converse are male and female, and the place is a lonely part of a ship's deck, with a glimpse of foam spinning white and eleek into the gloom that is full of the ashen outlines of billows. But Hornby's presence was fatal to tine thinking. He was more obnoxious, indeed, to poetical moods than even the colonel, because the military man's mind was a bit of colourless matter- offact, incapable of saying anything to deaden a good idea 'or to give It" a ridiculous side; whereas Hornby was a rather poetical man, and therefore unspeakable in that sense. He followed her attross the deck to where the others were, and I walked aft, telescope in hand, to Have afaiewell look at the barque in our wake. CHAPTER XVII. WE SEND A BOAT. The evening lay in a fine clear darkness ; astern, the white stars plentiful and bright. The Silver Sea was reeling off a fair six knots, and a wide stream of froth poured out from ' under her stern towards the moon's wake, but the crescent was yet too faint to do more [than give a pallider lo^k to the foam that ran under it. The sea had a cold weltering appearance, despite the fair, warm nighs. A < chill came off it that was not to be met by an overcoat; and as the head of a surge ran with a yearning gush of foam out of the gloom to the ship, and fell short and melted into a sheet of seething white that was upborne like •a floating shroud by the folio «mg billow, I thought that let the weather be what it would over the ocean—hot, if you like, as the shadowless equator—it was" but a bitter cold grave a drowned man would find in the silent heart of the vast and restless shadow I was looking at. I peered into the darkness over the tafirail for the barque, and not seeing her raised the glass to my eye, and searched afresh. I swept the sea line from our star- ,board to our port quarter, guessing if she were not in that field she would be nowhere ; but no blotch to represent her or any other (vessel that way rose between the lens and the Stars which winked into the telescope all along and just above the horizon, " She's foundered," said I aloud, though to myself, and not without a sort of consternation, for I had made sure of seeing her, and this evanishment was a kind of shock in its way. "There's na doot.about that, sir," said a voice, and I found the second mate, Mr. Semple, at my elbow. " Upon my word," I exclaimed, " a man should be able to sympathise with nervous people who think the ocean but a perilous plaj ground, when he looks along its surface for a ship, visible but a few minutes before, and finds the frothing platform as bare as the sky." " Ay; the sea's got a maw yell not find in the IaE.d,"answeted the second mate gravely; " when a mon.dees ashore there's a mark put up, the sexton mak's a moond over him, ony way ye knaw 'where he is, and feel that at ony moment, by digging, ye'-d come across what's left of him. But it's different with the sea, sir. When a mon sinks he's moor gone than had - he been turned into smoke and blown away by a gale of wind. Where's that barque noo? Ye may follow her in fancy, if you like, sottling down in to the water "there. But'thofs not it; she might ha' been fule of people—f would ha' been arle the same. There's a score of heeds of froths where she went down; but there's nowt under God's eye," said he, witha glance aloft, " to show you where she made a hool, and the surface-remains the same as when the Saint created the earth—aye, and it would remain the same if every ship upon thiB globe was to founder and tak doon every sailor mon alive at the present time^n " Well," said I, struck by such fancies as these in a plain merchantman, and not a little impressed by the pulpitical twang and rattle of his north country notes, "one thing is quite certain, 'Wherever else she may be, sne's not afloat." Just then the cclonel, with his wife upon his arm, came along. "Is that you, Aubyn?" he shouted, halting to windward of the wheel and peeling over, the spindle at me. " Yes," said L "What have you been looking at? Anything wrong; anything in sight?" " 1 have been trying to find out where the barque is; as she has - disappeared, Mr. Semple, and I have concluded that she hats foundered." ' " There's na' doot oi it," said the second mate. " Well, this is a pretty state of things!" cried the coloneL' "Barque gone down, do you say ? A pleasant omen, by Jupiter 1 I say, Edwards," he roared, *' do von know that the vessel behind us has sunk ? " Has she, indeed?" sang back Edwards in the tone of a mail who is perfectly comfortable and does not want to be oothered. Pipes came rolling aft to have a look. "D'ye see . anything of her?" -cried the colonel to him. The -old chap peered and peered and thsn said, " No, she's gone.. She was more in a hurry than I thought." "She's gone, do you say?" demanded the coloneL "Ay, she's gone." " Well, confound it all, this is a beastly thing to happen right under one's nose, damn it!" bawled the colonel. " Why, in the name of Heaven, do you want to put us in th&way; of these accidents, Captain Pipes? shoving your ship into the thick of them. Tja-iig it! even now your aiming for the other vessel as if we had formed a party for the pnrpose of going.to sea in search of horrors." :" Anything but a drowned body for me, please, Captain Pipes," said Mrs. Inglefield, languishingly. " 1 am far from being a'brave woman, Mr. Aubyn." " There's no need to talk of drowned bodies, ma'am," -responded Pipes. " You may navigate the ocean for years and never come across such an object. As to my putting you in the way of these disasters, coloneL you're seen how it came about, as well as the other ladies and gentlemen. There may be a chance of saving life in running down to have a look at a craft .knocking about like that there chap ahead of us; and I hope there's no living creature about the Silver Sea as would' object to the rescuing of a fellow being in distress." " Oh, that's all very well; and if there's a fellow being in distress, I hope he may be rescued, confound it!" criea the coloneL " But what I say is, if we're to call ourselves a party of pleasure, there's no use in you, as captain of this ship, steering us into unpieicaut us gloomy with"-' Q?!lCtdly UHpieasant reflections. ii.a, .ojiuyn; Pipes is no -fool, but I don't see, how he's going to answer that. What should I say if a friend asked-me to a ball, .and on my arriving led me into.a family vault, and begged me to interest inyself -in skulls and dutt? By Gad, I must-tell Edwards that. Hang me if that's not a simile worth repeating." And away he Btiunped with his wife on his arm to the group at the -' other-end of the quarter .deck. ,: "He's the most nervous gentleman I ever had to do with," exclaimed Pipes. " Timid! why, if a baby was to make a face at Mm he'd rim away ana hide himself.'" " Hems suffered much from his liver, and the liver, you know,plays Old Harry with tiic nerves, .gaid L ; " How comes such a man as him in a fighting Caiiiufc, ?H' : I Sfyer had much-respect for soldiers myself; but I've usually found them with courage, anyhow. But -oere's a J - military officer frightend by &n; abandoned ship going down," " Captain, yon must BOtice of Um> except to laugh at him, as I and the others do. I suppose we shall be fetching 1 that derelict soon—if she.should prove to be abandoned," I'frenttothfe side, and paat lh6 -6urve of tile maihsaifSaw the ship mtig abont a mile ahead of us. The A^ft^jf Ijjfrip of moon and tbejfcats- threw out iunong them light ehou£u tostied a faintness of white upon the sea, and the ship .in it was a dujJ^&Lle; shadow, "pes said fe the Secondjstgte, "There's been Bothwg like a 'signil .-ftf a^r kind shown, hhellbe altendoaei -^ftre as my head's in s o ^.trtl a good chance; |^t the tr^XOm^ ;—.-.•< a-'JJTed naeieu Up uu, } Muu. r. Semple. oc.iiyi*, ,and let sor-je ^{jpjjfed bvthe mizzen tops'! Diaces a'^d bftfck'tHe yards that we may pass VcWalfced.to^tcreMr. Edwards was sitting, wme tftfe'tfeTCh came over to the main clew garaetSis ^ • 1 1 Thj&Ic; the sortAi -thing to make time fiy at atj&,^cried Hornby. " We require at least 'dfte' excitement every day." "Why are the sailors pulling up that sail ?" 'enquired Miss Edwards. '•That we' may hot 'pass the ship too rapidlv," I replied. •'• " Suppose Pipes should run into her! shouted the colonel. " Eh, Hornby.? Nothing more like to happen with a man who will go mousing about among wrecks.™ " Then we must vie with one another to distinguish ourselves, and all that sort of thine, don't you know," replied Hornby. " For example, my ambition would be to cover myself with glory by tpreserving the life of Miss Edwards." '' You're free from gout, Hornby ; but don t talk of glory to me, M said Edwards. "There's no covering one's self with anything in accidents at sea. In fact, I think it is the rule for people to uncover themselves at such times." "Here comes the ship !" exclaimed Miss Inglefield in her quiet voice. 1 She was close to the windward, and went rolling and slewing pa«t us very slowly in censcjuen^ of th«j bftckc4 mjzzen topsail- yards dcadeniug our vessel's way. -She was 300 tons bigger than the Silver Sea, and her high freeboard and tall bulwarks made her look a complete lump of craft in the gloom. " Hark! what is that?" cried Miss Edwards. It was the tolling of a bell that had apparently got fixed in some fashion so as to allow the tongue or clapper to strike the sides with every roll of the wreck. It was a 6trange and mournful sound to come out of the deep shadow which the ship's hull made upon the dusk of the night there. We pasted her so close to leeward that her yardarins and onrs seemed almost to come together. Pipes may have wanted to frighten the colonel or to leave himself in no doubt as to the vessel being abandoned; but be his reason what it would, I was not a little eased when our helm was put over and the big craft was on our quarter. The skipper hailed her with all his might, but the only answer he'got was the dreary tolling and the echo of his own voice floating back out of the ship's canvas. She was in ballast, and rolled as light vessels will; hense a constant slipping sound of ropes and sails came from her masts, along with the chafing of blocks and chains and the creakiog of timbers, and the splashing and sloping and frothing of water under ber stern and along her sides; and through all this flowed the dying notes of the bell. "It is rung by DO mortal hand, anyway," said I. " It's a deuced unpleasant funereal noise to listen to," exclaimed the coloneL " Who's ringing it ?" asked his wife. " A ghost, no doubt," said Edwards. " Upon my word, it fs depressing," said Hornby. '"If the ship was full of life, and all that sort of thing, don't you know, it would sound rather nice; but_ coining from an empty vessel and nobody doing it" Here Pipes arrived to tell us that 6he was abandoned like the other, and probably leaking. " Though her crew," said he, "don't seem to have given her much of a chance ; for they must have got away hours ago to judge oi our seeing nothing of them, and the vessel is high enough out of water to prove that by pumping she might have been kept afloat till the nearest port was made, and that's not •fur off. But, ladies and gentlemen, for what goes on at sea there's ho accounting." Whilst the old fellow jabbered away I was staring at the abandoned craft, impressed by the picture she made, though ic was the pathos in it, the sense of her loneliness that you got by looking, the feeling that she was bound down to the dark sands beneath us, that gave the marine night scene its chief poetry. By her being to windward she sent the notes of her bell to us along the wind in a kind of thin, shivering sound, like the tremble in the end of a tone emitted by a silver wire when twanged, which the imagination heard long after the ear was deaf to it. The curl of moon over her, and the yeasty glare of foam in the darkness on the water, and her ashen canvas, like some sheeted p?ain cf the dfep, and the c?ance of the stars on either hand of her, as she rolled her pallid fabric of spar and sail in and out of them, converted ner into a picture fit to muse upon whilst she lingered; and I was staring and thinking and trying to fit her with a story, understanding pretty well that the two vessels had been in collision, and abandoned by their crews, for reasons they would doubtless be able to explain, if they came off with their lives, when on a sudden there was an unmistakable thud forward, the feel of a smart blow struck upon the ship's bow, followed by a shout from a hand on the forecastle, though I did not hear what he said. " We've knocked aeainBt something ! ' I knew it would happen !" roared the colonel, at the top of his voice. " It'll be a bit of wreckage !" cried Pipes, as he and the second mate floundered to the ship's side to. look, whilst I bent over the rail, finding Miss Edwards on one hand and Hornby on the other. "I see it!" cried the girl. "It's a larze dark mass!" and as she spoke there came bumping and scrai>ing along the bends of the ship what looked to me to be a vessel's longboat. bottom up, and floating cloBe to it was the body of a man. The moon was on our side, and that gave us the glimpse we caught of the thing, and a bit of white water washing past the figure threw it out as the glimmer of a dim lamp would, whilst a gleam, snatched from God. knows what, came off the wet planks of the boat as it lifted a moment like the back of a porpoise, and passed with a squattering sough into our wake. " Anybody see what it was ?" yelled Pipes. " There's a lump of something black goin'- astarn, sir!" sung out the fellow at the wheel. I heard the skipper tell Mr. Semple to sound the well, though he never meant that order to reach our ears, and he was rolling aft to look at what the helmsman had seen, before t passed ont of sight, when little Hornby cried— '* Captain, there's a man's body made fast to the objest we struck." Mrs. Inglefield shrieked, " There now ! the very bight I begged to escape. Charley, take me downstairs—take me downstairs instantly, sir." If this were affectation it was capitally simulated; she ran-to her husband, caught his arm and bundled him away, to the companion, while Pipes called out— "A man's body? Why, he may be alive, Mr. Hornby. Better heave the ship to ana send a boat." And at the top of his voice he shouted to the "watch to lay ait to the main braces. " Are you sure it was a man's body ?" said Mr. Edwards, throwing his cigar overboard. " Cccksure," answered Hornby. "I saw it, papa," exclaimed Miss Edwards, speaking with an awed voice, her figure erect, her hand grasping a backstay, and the sheen of the glittering heavens in her eyes as she sent her glance into the gloom over the stern. " There is no life in bim though," said I. " I'm sure of that." Miss Inglefield came up to Miss Edwards and put her arm into the other's. Meanwhile the helm had been shifted and the watch on deck, tumbling aft, were hauling on the weather main braces. In a few minutes the Silver Sea was lying without way upon ber with a sharp noise of the running waters pattering against her sides, but with everything quiet aloft in the grasp of the wind, though the reeling of the moon over the mizen topsail yard arm was evidence that there was. swell enough under-running the pale shapes of the surges to force our masts to keep time to the inaudible music that the dark folds swang through the ocean's heart.' Three hands jumped into one of the lee quarter boats, and you saw the rugged form of Mr. Semple in the sterusheets shipping the rudder as the boat slowly san* from the arching points of the davits. The bearings of the object the men were in quest of had ' been taken, and the distance was but short; I don't think any of us felt over-comfortable when the boat shoved off and'in,a minute or two was scarcely to be distinguished from the dusk" curve? of water^that ual^ ^ a fringe of fGiiA as they ran aiiantof the moon's course. The wind swept with a wail in it out of the misty weather starlight, and though it was balmy enough'yetr you seemed- to find a chill in it then from, the sound of the spattering of spray and the seething of foam you heard in it.: Indeed, this heaving to brought the chilly ocean strangely close to the senses, nearer than ever it could appiroach a man aboard a vessel sliding over it; it was like dropping the weapon that kept some wild beast at respectful distance from you and feeling its breath on your cheek in the gloom. The.desertedj ship lay a long way to windward ; she needed some intent looking at to descry her; though when seen and thought of as sinking out there with the bell - t, mind came to ^ ^ ^ ^darkness between, the Sea took so desolate a character, there was something so unreal, so cold, so mournful, in her ifqUid jetty line of it against the skv With pale luminaries feebly twinkling beyotid it, that, upon my word, it made conversation with one's fellow-creatures a sort of necessity, and the thoughts of a cheerful CShjg aed-a glass of grog a real relief. " A W^tty ioo-k-ou^^ «f.that boat upsets an<T drowni the men," saiu #r, Edwards, "Can you see her, Hornby?' " Why, no, I can't say I do $ but she s perfectly safe—no fear of her upsetting, Edwards." , , , " Did you see the body, Margaret.' asked Miss Inglefield. " Quite plainly, dear." , , "How dreadful!" cried the girl, and though it was not to be noticed, one felt the shudder she gave. "I say, Edwards," shouted the colonel, coming out of the cabin and bawling the moment he had his head through the comppnion, " this sort of thing is conloundedly queer pleasuring, isn't it ? If the gout's to be cured by running dangerously close to sink- ing vessels, striking against half-submerged objects, and examining dead bodies, all I can say is the prescription s a deuced nasty one, b y "^t's2lright,colonel," exclaimedEdwards. " Don't bother now, my dear fellow. Try one of these cigars, and endeavour to enjoy the sea as I am, by finding something exciting in everything that happens." . • The'colonel without answering took a cigar and lighted it at Hornby's ; and it was laughable to watch them bobbing at each other, the little chap on tiptoe and the colonel stooping his hairy face as though like a buU be meant to heave the shipowner overboard with a toss of his head. Presentlya man came aft with a bigglobular lamp and stationed himself on the quarter with the light in his hand. The yellow lustre tinged the fellow, and his rough figure and pale face stood out against ,he darknes? like the eketuh of a seaman drawn on black canvas with a pencil dipped in phosphorescent light; it shone dimly too on tne helmsman bolding hy 9P9 jifta^ t<? a spok$ ft s^y th? wbeel and looking seawards, and on Pipes standing up on the lail and grasping the gaif vang, and on the great wan space of the spanker that carried the eye up to the delicate tracery of rigging alive with the floating and swaying ingles of the stare. 'How long is the boat likely to be a^ay, Pipes ?" cried Hornby. "JNot many minutes, sir. The object is not a quarter of a mile off, and it will be visible enough to them afore they're close to it," answered the skipper. " Who saw the corpse?" demanded the colonel fretfully and in a raven note; " 1 did, for one," I replied. " It was a corpse. I suppose r' "It was a man's body and a corpse, I believe." " All this sort of thiug's a mistake, Edwarde," cried the military man. " Why, haDg it all! this is not voyaging for health. It's body snatching, I call ic. If we're, to stop the ship to examine every dead tiling we meet, who's to tell me we shall ever get home? eh, Hereby? Why, by George ! I've been towed up the Hooghley through swarms of dead blauks ; but who'd dream of dropping anchor ia order to examine the deuced unpleasant cro»vd, one by one, as they floated by? yet that promises to be the rule here." ''No, no," responded Hornby. "Pipes thought the body we passed might be alive ; and as Christians and gentlemen and humane people and ail that sort of thing, don't you know," keaddtd warmly, "it was our duty to make sure that the poor fellow's dead before leaving him tossingabout on the sea." "Captain Pipes would have acted cruelly had he not sent a boat," said Miss Edwards, with a touch of indignation in her voice. The colonelhalf smothered up some military ble&siDg; he invoked upon the head of Pipes, and fell to stumping about the decks, glaring aloft, then at the sea, then into the standard, compass whilst fce sucked at his cigar with all his might. 