THE LABOUR TRAFFIC IN THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC. (Correspondent Time).) BRISBANE, April 25. GREAT excitement has been caused throughout Queensland by the publication of the report of the Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the conduct of the labour trade in New Guinea and the adjacent islands. Public attention was drawn towards the close of last year in a more than usual degree to the enormities of the traffic in Pacific islanders by what are known as the Hopeful trials. The present Government, under the leadership of the Hon. S. W. Griffith, Q.C., maintain that they represent a party which has been consistently opposed to the system of working plantations by black labour of any kind - whether coolie, Chinese, Malay, or kanaka and indeed, one of the planks of the platform on which they stepped into power was "Queensland for the white man and no black labour." Among their first enactments was a measure amending the Pacific Island Labourers Act of 1890, and the framing of more stringent regulations for the conduct of the South Sea labour trade. These are the regulations which the sugar-planters of Northern Queensland have designated the "cast iron rules," by which they say the sugar industry of the colony has been ruined, and on account of which a cry has recently gone forth from the sugar planting capitalists for separa- tion. That the "cast iron" regulations, however, availed not to put an end to the most atrocious iniquities in the trade was demonstrated by the Hopeful trials and accordingly, the Government issued the Royal Commission to inquire into the methods pursued by the crews of the labour ships in recruiting the natives of New Guinea, the Louisiade Archipelago, and the D'Entrecasteaux group of islands. The commissioners were Mr. John F. Buckland, M.P.; Mr. W. Kinnaird Rose, barrister-at-law ; and Mr. Hugh Miles Milman, police-magistrate. The result of their investigations, which were continuously pursued over a period of three months, during which they examined nearly 500 witnesses, has been the disclosure of a system which rivals in wicked- ness and cold-blooded treachery the worst features of the old African slave trade. Eight voyages formed the subject of inquiry, and the report thereon, together with the minutes of evidence, extends to over 150 pages. The commissioners state that in all those voyages, recruiting was conducted either on the shores of the islands visited by the labour ships in canoes which had either been taken to the fishing grounds on the reefs or had been paddled out to reconnoitre the labour vessels, or on board ship when the natives came to barter fruits for tobacco. In order to secure labourers, the commissioners state, the principal device of the recruiting agent would seem to have been an appeal to the cupidity of the savage. He displayed a tempting array of tomahawks, knives, tobacco, and calico-in fact, those articles most coveted by the inhabitants of the islands of the Southern seas. Youths were openly bought from parents or relatives. Whenever there was pronounced unwillingness on the part of natives to go in the recruiting boats or in the ship they were too often impressed by threats, though every cases of violent kidnapping were confined to one or, at most, two voyages, as was also the dastardly act of wrecking canoes and driving the occupants into the water that they might be " rescued Heaven save the mark by the ship's boats. The report sets forth that, even under the most favourable circumstances, the natives had very little conception of the real purpose for which they were invited on board or engaged to go in the ship to Queensland. At times no interpreter was carried in the recruiting agent's boat, and then, no matter how desirous he might be of dealing fairly with the natives in his negotiations for their hire, he had to depend on signs a most unsatisfactory method, however expressive the pantomime might be, A favourite device was to hold up two or three fingers and to imitate the cutting of grass or the digging of yams. One agent with a grim sense of humour took a yard and bit it three times. The commissioners condemn the Government agents as careless, utterly inefficient, and incapable, and lacking courage and firmness of purpose; while the checks employed by the Polynesian inspectors in Queensland are said to be wholly inadequate to discover or prevent gross cruelties and inhuman kidnapping. Many of the evils exposed are also attributed to a system of paying interpreters by results-that is, according to the number of labourers they secured premium on dishonesty in explaining the terms of engagements to untutored savages. The report gives an outline of eight voyages by six vessels namely, the Ceara, the Lizzie. the Hopeful, the Forest King, the Sybil, and the Heath, and the verdict of the commissioners on all of them is that the natives were seduced on board under false pretences or kidnapped that the nature of the so-called engagements to go and work in sugar plantations in Queensland was never fairly or fully explained to them; that the "recruits' had little or no comprehension of the kind of work they had to perform, and that the period for which they did agree to serve, when any real engagement was made or appreciated, was in no case three years-the orthodox term of a kanaka's here. Where not forcibly kidnapped, the islanders would seem to have been decoyed on board the labour vessels under pretence that they were going to " sail about," to " work the ship, to go to white man's country to walk about," to "go and see white man's island," to "go and fish on the reef for bêche-de-mer :" vaguely, to "go and work in Queensland ;" very seldom were they told they were to be employed in hard and continuous labour on sugar plantations. The periods of time which they were informed they would be absent from their islands were very diverse, ranging from a night up to thirty moons, but generally it was never more than two or three moons. While the record of any of the voyages is sufficient to condemn, in the judgment of impartial men, a system built upon deceit, cruelty, and treachery, there is one which especially is a disgrace to the fair fame of British seamen, of any British colony or dependency, and even to humanity itself. The voyage of the Hopeful will, I venture to say, form the blackest and most villainous tale of the sea and of the traffic in human beings read for nearly a century past. I give it as narrated in the report of the Royal Commission : [The correspondent here reproduces from the report the narrative of the voyage.] An interesting series of tables accompanies the report, giving statistics of the periods for which the islanders believed they were to be absent from their homes. There are also some startling facts as to the death-rate of the recruits on the plantations. Apart from disease, it is a known fact that these islanders when they learn that they are to be retained in practical slavery for three years-a period whose actual length has no determinate meaning for them sicken and die. They cannot be roused, and simply give up the ghost from a species of exaggerated nostalgia. Of the recruits by the Ceara (first voyage), 243 per cent died in twelve months ; of those brought in her second voyage, 16 per cent died in ten months. The death-rate of the Lizzie recruits (first voyage was 9 5 per cent in one year, and (second voyage) 105 6 per cent in eight months. Of the Hopeful recruits, 116 per cent died in seven months ; of the Sybil recruits, 102 per cent died in four months ; of the Forest King recruits, 95 per cent died in three and a-half months and of the Heath recruits, 263 per cent died in two and a-half months. Such are the results of a system of labour traffic which the sugar planters ay is necessary to the welfare and existence of Northern Queensland. And it is on the strength of the efforts of the present Queensland Government to regulate the traffic and cure its cils, that the demand has been made both here and in London for the separation of Northern Queensland into a separate colony. Attempts have been made to disguise the fact that the separa- tion movement is really and truly a pure black labour question, but these attempts hoodwink no intelligent man in the colony. The separa- tion movement was conceived, is carried on almost solely, and supported wholly by the money of the sugar-planters; and except in two sugar estate centres it has fallen dead. It is to be hoped that, before even giving ear to any representations on the subject from any quarter, the Imperial Government will make searching inquiry into the facts disclosed by the report of the Royal Commission, and the motives which underlie all demands for a free hand in the north-eastern portion of the Australian Continent. The present Government of Queensland deserve some credit for the courage with which they have endeavoured to lay bare the methods of the labour traffic; and should they, as humour declares they will, shortly send back their islands the whole of the natives so cruelly deceived and kidnapped, they will command the admiration, of the civilised world for an act at once of justice to the islanders and of high moral" courage in redeeming in some measure the fair fame of Queensland from a foul and bloodstained blot' ! THE LABOUR TRAFFIC IN THE PACIFIC. The following leading article appears in the same paper on the subject The labour traffic in the South Pacific is a subject about which it is not easy to say pleasant things. The evils with which it is surrounded are many and grievous and as yet no remedy has been proposed that promises a real abatement of them. But at last there seems to be a prospect that the question will be taken in hand seriously and from the bottom. We Sitbliah this morning a letter from a correspon- ent at Brisbane which gives the results of the investigations made by the Royal Commission that was lately appointed by the Queensland Government and these are so startling that the authorities con- hardly help pursuing the matter until they arrive at some solution which shall at least satisfy the demands of common humanity. We do not wish to underrate the difficulties of the question. They are the difficulties which seem always to surround a tropical colony, and even under the best organisation those difficulties remain considerable. North Queensland, Uko Demerara and Mauritius, is a country in which various tropical products, especially sugar, can be abundantly grown. The soil and the climate are favourable ; there is a class of planters well supplied with capital and all that is required for the prosperity of the country seems to be an abundance of cheap and efficient labour. In the one case as in the others this want is supplied by the importation of men of an inferior race, and for Queensland these are in a great measure found among the inhabitants of the South Pacific Islands. But here comes in the almost insoluble difficulty of reconciling the claims of commerce with the claims of morality. The white man finds it far from easy to come to such an understanding with the black labourers as is implied in the notion of a free contract. He may mean fairly well ; but if he finds the natives unmanageable, his good intentions rapidly break down. The planter of North Queensland, like the French planter of Reunion, is driven into all kinds of cruel ex- pediments in supplying himself with the labour that he requires. On the one side have cupidity and cunning, veiling themselves under the specious name of "the interests of the colony ;" on the other side we have weakness and impenetrable ignorance. Under such circumstances the planter caste in Queensland, like its counterpart in the old slave States of America, develops a moral standard of its own, and the public opinion of the caste winks at the painful incidents" of the labour traffic. Fortunately, it seems clear from our correspondent's letter that a public opinion of another kind is growing up in the colony, and this rival sentiment cannot fail to be quickened by the revelations of the Royal Commission. The commission examined no fewer than 500 witnesses, and the result of their inquiries was to prove that the ghastly story revealed in what are called the "Hopeful" trials is different rather in degree than in kind from the ordinary incidents of the traffic, That story is in outline already familiar to our readers, who will recollect that two men, McNeil and Williams, were recently tried at Brisbane for murder and condemned to death, The official account of the Hopeful's proceedings, which our correspondent extracts from the Blue book, goes beyond the immediate incidents of the murders in question, and taken altogether tells a story which it would he difficult to surpass for criminality, Captain Shaw, the boatswain Williams, and the recruiting agent M'Neil. appear to have started on their voyage with their minds made up that, come what would, they would return to Queensland with a good cargo of " boys." They had a useful assistant in a certain coloured missionary teacher, Eponisa by name, who is evidently an adept in all the arts of persuasion. This man would make tempting displays of tomahawks, tobacco, and calico: would promise these either to the " boys " themselves or to their parents, and would assure every labourer that he "would be back in two moons." But deceit had very soon to be supplemented by force. Natives coming up to the ship's side in their canoes and holding out their hands for tobacco were caught and dragged on board. Others were ordered into the boats under throats of being shot; and when M'Neil, returning to the shore for a fresh supply, found the remaining natives died, he punished them by setting fire to their houses. After about a fortnight of this sort of work the captain of the Hopeful began to be disgusted with his slow progress, and thought it necessary to adopt more decided measures. It was then that the scenes took place, the story of which was incompletely told at the trial of McNeil and Williams. When the canoes from Ferguson Island came out to trade with the ship two boats were lowered; the natives became alarmed and turned shorewards, and the boats tried to row them down. Finding that he did not gain upon the canoe, M'Neil deliberately shot the steers- man, and, terrified by his fall, the other natives leapt into the water. How many were drowned does not appear, but four were rescued by the boat's crew; that is to say, were saved from death and reserved for slavery. The achievements of Williams and his crew were even more horrible ; one islander was shot another had his throat cut in the attempt to escape, and "a little boy, being of no use as a recruit, was cast adrift on two cocoa nuts, which were tied together and placed under his arms. The little fellow was seen to slip from the cocoa-nuts, and was drowned in the surf." A few days afterwards, at Normanby Island, the same heroes pursued a company of natives into the bush, and shot three or four of them, At another place in the same island some natives were forcibly kidnapped, and about the 10th of June, at Harris Island, the murders took place for which McNeil and Williams were afterwards tried. A week later, at the island of Ooiawata, two canoes were " sent " by M'Neil and nine natives had the alternative of drown- ing or being taken on board the ship's boats. In these ways the ship returned in July to Queensland, having at one time had no less than 150 captives on board, though of these it is satisfactory to learn that twenty-eight had at one place escaped by swimming ashore a distance of two miles. To complete the story, it should he added that two of the interpreters deserted on the voyage, and that the remaining one was schooled as to what he was to say to the Polynesian inspector on arrival in the colony. He was to declare that there had been no kidnapping, no shooting, and that all the boys had come willingly to work in Queensland for three years." It is not pleasant to learn that in the opinion of a Royal Commission the history of the cruise of a colonial ship is " one long record of deceit, cruel treachery, deliberate Kidnapping, and cold-blooded murder." It is scarcely more so to find that life on the plantations is made so intolerable to these unfortunate labourers that their death-rate amounts to 20, 25, or 30 per cent in the year. We shall be greatly surprised if, now that, these facts are authorities tively known, public opinion does not imperatively demand that their recurrence should be made impossible. There is all the difference in the world between the isolated statements of would-be reformers, who may possibly be fanatics or interested persons, and the report of a duly appointed commission which has examined 500 witnesses and has sifted their evidence some ira et studio. Ourcorrespondenttells us that, rather than submit to the necessary restrictions upon the labour traffic, the planters of North Queensland are agitating for the formation of a separate colony, the legislature of which would, of course, be under their own control. It is not likely that this demand will be conceded. England cannot allow the growth of a slave State-and this would be nothing less among her own colonies and on other grounds it is not likely that the remainder of Australia, where the tendency towards union is the strong tendency of the moment, would suddenly declare. in favour of disruption. We trust that the Governor and his Parliament will be able to arrive at a different and much more satisfactory solution of the labour question. It would be scandalous if, now of all times, when we have just annexed a quarter of New Guinea, and when we have warned off other European nations from interfering with our prospects in the South Pacific, we should offer to the world the spectacle of a people which cannot organise its colonies except on the basis of slave labour, and of a labour market supplied by means of a traffic that covers the fairest regions of the earth with misery and wretchedness. 