Church Assembly. BALLARAT DIOCESAN CHURCH ASSEMBLY, 1885. , ? President's Address. Brethren in the faith of Jesu9 Christ, Clergy and Lay Representa tives, duly gathered for Diocesan Assembly, in accordance with Church Order, and by express sanction of the Sovereign, and the Parliament of this Colony; Grace and Benediction to you all. God the Father send us now prosperity : God the Son grant ns His peace : God the Spirit enlighten our understandings, and hallow every thought and purpose of our hearts 1 O Holy, Blessed, and Glorious Trinity, ever One God, draw near to us assembled in rny name, abide in the midst of us, neither forsake nor for a moment leave ng ; and may the aim and issue of our every word and work, done and spoken as in Thy presence, be the greater glory of Thy Holy Name, in the true advancement of Thy Church in this Land, and the hastening of Thy Kingdom upon the earth ! Fellow Churchmen, I have sounded a lofty note 1 Pray and labour that the music of our session may never sink into a lower key. As this week's Assembly seems likely to be the largest we have ever held, so may it prove memorable as %vell for its spiritual tone as for the wisdom and practical value of all the business done ; and may the exDerience of not a few of us be that of an old Bishop of Verona— ' To me, verily, no day is wont to be more pleasant than the day of Church Assembly (dies Synodi); no day, which amid multitudinous troubles more comforts and recreates my soul.' TIME OP MEETING. Experience points to the early part of the year as*, on the whole, the best season for a session ; and this may, I think, be reckoned upon in future as our general rule. It seems undesirable to meet in Lent, yet the year's statistics should be in the hands of the Assembly, and it seems very difficult to get them completed even by March. They are ready, however, sooner now than formerly, and a still further endeavour after promptness in sending their returns on the part of clergy and parish officers may make it possible, another year, to have them ready against the week before Ash Wednesday. MEMBERS' ROLL. We have lost three clergy since lost session. One by death— a death somewhat swift and unexpected, but humbly confident and peaceful. I refer to. the Rev. C. J. M'Cormick, B.A., of Ararat, one of our most estimable and devoted ministers ; the seventh in the nine years of our diocesan history to pass from the service of the outer sanctuary ' within the veil.' Who will be the eighth ? God of His mercy keep ua all in readiness I The others, the Rev. J. H. L. Zillman and the Rev. S. Gilmer, have left the diocese. Ten additional clergy have joined (or rejoined) ifc during the year; and if another, whom I confidently expect, arrives, and five whom I have accepted as candidates for orders receive them, our ministerial staff, already larger than in any previous year, will, in the course of this, 'be raised to fifty-two. I had hoped for yet better figures, but the additions I anticipated from England, with only two exceptions, were persuaded after all to decline my invitation. The exceptions \- are the Rev. W. W. Clark, of Nhill, and the Ven. Archdeacon Julius. The Rev. Stanley Mercer is another most welcome arrival from home, but on the Archdeacon's invitation, not my own. Of lay members of Assembly we have lost four. Mr. 0. H. Lyon has been for years the representative — always most welcome to this House — for Ballan, but he no longer lives there, and has ?resigned his seat ; and Mr. Blake has recently been elected. Two other, vacancies have occurred through the decease of members whose names will not easily be forgotten, or the breach which their removal makes repaired. At our last session Sir Charles Sladen lay on a bed of sickness, from which he never rose. There is no need that I should recite the merits of a Churchman whose loss was deplored in every corner of this colony, and beyond it. A more single-eyed and patriotic statesman, a more honourable and benefi cent citizen, a better esteemed employer, neighbour, and friend, a truer and more consistent Christian, Victorian society never lost. His services to this diocese in helping to guide its legislation, recruiting its resources, and otherwise advancing Church work, were unfailing, laborious, invaluable. The place of Mr. Robert Lewis, too, is vacant, and the gap could only be filled by a prominent citizen who, to the fervid heartiness 'of a true Welshman, and to deep and unimpeachable, yet unassuming piety, should add a sunny radia-nce of face and temper, and an unfailing and disinterested readiness for every good word and work. Our fourth loss only came to-day. It is too great and new a grief for me to enlarge upon it. Six places unrepresented last year contribute members now; and the number of lay representatives— larger than in any other year — slightly exceeds that of the clergy. For the first time there is hardly a vacant seat, and the Assembly now numbers about one hundred members. Unquestionably, the existence of a full and . strong Assembly, and attendance at its brief but important sessions on the part of all its members, are matters of much consequence to the entire diocese. PUBLIC EVENTS. Well aware that its members are not gathered without difficulty to this Assembly, and may claim to have their time scrupulously economised for practical and pressing work, I yet devote a few instants to a swift review of public occurrences which give a special colour to f he time at which we meet. An instance of gross and disastrous negligence in the Imperial Administration in the Pacific, and a catastrophe in Egypt resulting directly from the infatuation or incompetence of the British Govern ment, have not a little discredited throughout the Empire the policy of that brilliant but erratic statesman who has presided — latterly with unfortunate consequences — over the management of its affairs. Through the short-sightedness of the Colonial Office, it may prove too late now to secure the chief Australasian islands for British Australasia — an object with which, as we believe, the peace of this part of the world and the healthy progress of these vast colonies are inseparably bound up. But the hero of Khartoum will not have been betrayed to death in vain. Vacillation is henceforth impossible in British action with regard to Egypt, and the supercession of Turkish influence, in Africa at any rate, by the strong,' pure, and enlightened domination of a Christian Empress, to the benediction of millions of down-trodden peasants and groaning slaves, shall, by God's blessing, be the more or less speedy, if the indirect, outcome of present complications. \- One. word more on this head. God shield and bless the Australian soldiers ! Australian rivalry with the mother-country in the cricket field ends not inappropriately in brotherhood in arms against her enemies. That Australians will make splendid soldiers I, for one, entertain not the faintest doubt. Lamentable as the occasion is, it is worthy of the sacrifice we are offering to make, and our Btrong good will and heartiest prayers go with the warrior youth of New South Wales, on their stern and difficult, yet noble errand. They sail to day. The God of battles make their weapons of war the instruments of securing an honourable, an early, and a lasting peace ! CIVIL AFFAIRS. Apart from outside troubles, our colony is tranquil, and not unprosperous. The yield of gold has increased, the harvest has not failed us, and the population and wealth of the country have been very considerably augmented, notwithstanding that Victoria alone of the Australasian colonies, spends nothing on immigration, and that her protective duties do not increase her Customs revenue, which, it is suggestive to learn, was last year scarcely larger than that of free trading New South Wales. Our new Governor seems in favour everywhere ; and the much-needed reforms effected in Civil Service and railway administration appear to command the approval of the community. The marriage rate has greatly improved — generally a healthy symptom — but it is still far below that of New South Wales and South Australia ; and our birth-rate, strange to say, was never so low as in the last returns quoted. The level of social purity is very far from what ifc ought to be amongst; us ; but figures appear to show that immorality in the marriage relation is less rife in Victoria than in most parts of Australia, and much leBS than in Great Britain ; and there seems reason to believe that there is less serious crime among ns than in any other Australasian colony. These features of our civil life should inspire, not self-complacency, indeed, but thank fulness, and hopeful thoughts about the future of our country. Of its numerical importance hereafter there can be little doubt, our statist's forecasts leading us to expect in another thirty yeara a diocese of a million and a-half of souls, and a Ballarat of two hun dred thousand. Under the present head it seems right to refer to a question lately agitated, which connects civil arrangements with religious principles. I allude to Sunday trains. I cannot agree with the President of the Methodist Conference that secularists and atheists must 'come to ? us' and ask ' our' permission to do what they will' on Sunday, and that ' ? we' have a right to say how it shall be observed.' I think such language regrettable ; nor do I find anything like it in tone in the utterances of our Saviour and Plis Apostles on Sabbath questions. On the divine institution and inestimable value of the weekly rest day Protestant Christians are, in the main, agreed, and the guarding of it by law and civil regulations is probably necessary to its conser vation for all ; but to what extent this can be pushed in detail, within the limits of fairness and wisdom, especially in a mixed com munity, is a question that is not to be settled off-hand. I could not myself sign a petition recently circulated by the Lord's Day Observ ance Society, laying it down that ' strictly necessary purposes' alone justify Sunday labour, and demanding that no Sunday trains be run on other than suburban lines. With the claim that such trains should be restricted to a minimum, and the employes have alternate Sundays free, I am in entire sympathy ; but the condemnation in the name of our religion of all but 'strictly necessary' labour on Sundays involves, I think, an unwarranted vexation and snare to human consciences, and I could never concur in demanding in the name of the Christian Church the interdiction, altogether and upon any terms (on all railways except those most likely to be needlessly used — viz., the suburban), the use of a modern improvement affording so incalculable a boon in the frequent emergencies of social life as the public railway. Observation and reflection, indeed, long ago altered my own views as to the duty of opposing the opening of public libraries and museums for a portion of the Lord's Day ; and while keenly alive to the need of caution in removing breakwaters erected by the pious wisdom of our forefathers against an ever encroaching sea, I feel tenderly jealous of compromising the blessed faith with which the Church is put in trust by identifying it with restrictions prescribed by human opinion, however respectable, and staking its reputation and influence, so far, upon their maintenance. Of course, any member can move the House on this subject, and a petition judiciously worded expressing our strong loyalty to the principles of Sunday rest might very likely secure all our signatures, but the Council concurs with me in thinking that, under present cir cumstances, the initiation of such a step should be left to the House itself. GENERAL CHURCH AFFAIRS. At home four Bishops have been summoned to their rest — all men of special value in some department of the Church's life. The succession of Dr. Temple to the See of London ia an event of interest to all Christendom. The good and learned Dr. Trench has yielded the Archiepiscopal Chair of Dublin to Lord Plunket, an active missionary-hearted prelate ; but the Irish Church seems under manned, and financially straitened. Two' commemorations have marked the year— the quincentenary of Wycliif's death, and the centenary of Bishop Seabury's consecration in Scotland as the first Bishop of the American Protestant Episcopal Church. The bench in the United States now reckons some 70 bishops, many of them oi surpassing ability and holiness of character. There are 50 dioceses aud 3000 clergy ; including these the Anglican communion numbers over 200 bishops and 30,000 clergy. In Australia and Tasmania there are now 13 sees, Dr. Linton, first Bishop of Riverina, having arrived in Melbourne to-day. A movement for a fourteenth diocese is on foot, to be taken from that of Melbourne. Impending incre ments in the endowments of the latter will greatly facilitate this enterprise, which not only interests us on general grounds, but may perhaps hasten provincial organisation for ourselves. A resolution will be submitted to you on this subject, recording in gentle terms the objection this diocese would feel to any validation of the- ' Pro vince and Metropolitan Act' now, without full discussion of the entire subject. I have reason to believe that the Bishop of Mel bourne shares the views of myself and our Council on this matter, which I hope may prove to be those of the Assembly also. One difficulty in the way of a province is, that while Victoria alone would furnish for a long time too small an Upper House, dioceses in different colonies, if fused in a province, would have little common ground of consultation and co-operation, other than those wide questions which best suit the General Synod. Again, the cost and time involved in attending an additional periodic gathering have to be considered. Still, isolation is as bad for dioceses as for parishes, and anything that helps Churchmen to feel and act as one body seems a good. When a third diocese in Victoria becomes a substan tial reality, there should be conference upon the whole question. For the present the time does not seem ripe for more than the resolu tion to which I have referred. I may mention that I duly transmitted your vote of condolence last session to the late Bishop of Sydney's widow, who, in a delightful letter, begs me to tender you her heartfelt thanks. Our diocese was represented both at Melbourne and at Sydney in the reception of the new Primate, Dr. Barry, whose vigorous presence is strongly felt in the New South Wales Province, and will tell increasingly for good upon the Church in Australia and Tasmania. On the other hand, the retirement of Bishop Hale from the See of Brisbane, after nearly forty years of admirable service in Adelaide,, Perth, and Queensland, takes effect this month. ' Honour, love, obedience, troops of friends' deservedly surround this faithful man of God and missionary-hearted Bishop in this the fulness of his years. STATE OF OUR OWN DIOCESE. This year has been one of progress ; and, although there is truly no reason for resting, there are several for being thankful. No . strife about ritual vexes our diocesan peace ; and if friction is not yet everywhere eliminated from the working of our parochial machinery, 1 do not remember at the present moment any place in the diocese where it amounts to a serious mischief. I could not always have spoken thus. I thank God that I can do so now. Nor have we merely negative grounds for encouragement.- In England, as you may remember, I asked for £5000 for our diocese, and received over £6000. Last session I asked our own Church people for a special contribution of £2000 within the year, and received £2692. Incidentally I asked for nine sumo of £100 to meet £100 offered by myself, and not only have nine such sums been sent me by nine Church people, but the Ladies' Auxiliary has guaranteed another. Let me gratefully mention the nine : Messrs. C. Ayrey, J. Fry, F. Henty, P. Manifold, Mrs. Manifold, Messrs. W. T. Eowe, E. S. Eadcliff (contributed by the clergy), J. Eobson (collected), J. C. P. Allnutt (collected). It is only fair to say that the bulk of the £2692 was received through the exertions of the Eev. J. C. P. Allnutt. I ought also to mention that Mr. Eobson, besides collecting £192, presented services to the diocese effecting a saving of £57. Our English friends, by the way, have not forgotten us; about £100 has been sent me spontaneously from home this year. Again, it is not, as I think, without pleasing significance that, in the case of all the six benefices to ? which - appointments have actually been made since last session, the patronage has been voluntarily delegated by the parishioners to the Bishop.1 In a seventh case, now impending, it is likely to be otherwise ; but the fact that our tentative Patronage Act has so far worked in this particular way seems to afford confir mation of a remark in my address last session, that the question of change in our system of patronage was scarcely an urgent, though a difficult and important one. Indeed, I know of no 'burning ques tions' agitated among us. At the same time, widely different opinions will doubtless need to be reconciled on some of the serious proposals which are to come before us to-day. Before touching on one or two of these, I wish to mention that I have travelled all through the diocese since last session, and am able to tell the Assembly that most of the new work then sketched out has been vigorously taken up. In the Wimmera district, where no clergyman was stationed at that time, there are now three clergy and a reader statedly at work, and :i fourth clergyman is to begin at Easter. Two churches have been built, and four more are either building or on the evo of il. Encouraging congregations have been gathered at some fifteen different places, and very considerable local contributions have been elicited by the stimulating help given from diocesan funds. The progress made is, no doubt, small compared with what needs to be done in so vast and populous a region, but it ia no little for the time; and the credit is largely due, under. God, to the devotion and skill of the Eev. O. G. Allanby, who has con trived, though weighted with a laborious district in the east, to organise and superintend the work, in the face of no small initial difficulties, over so large an area in the far north- west. I shall carry with me, I think, the approval of the Assembly when I mention that, having obtained the concurrence of the Council in the erection of a new archdeaconry, I hope to induce Mr. Allanby to accept colla tion as the first Archdeacon of the Wimmera so soon as he can pro cure an ordained colleague for his parish. His parishioners in East Ballarat deserve our hearty thanks for their forbearance in relation to their pastor's occasional employment at a distance in the interest of other places. The Loddon Valley has received attention, and readers have been supplied to the clergy of Inglewood and Charlton for additional work ; but still more might be done, and the Council has again concurred in my establishing a fifth archdeaconry, that of the Loddon, in the belief that organising operations might be carried on there with great advantage. To this post of duty I have summoned the Eev. J. C. P. Allnutt, who, however, will retain his parish (at least for the present), as. will also Mr. Allanby. Archdeacon Allnutt I propose also to accredit as General Financial Commissary, in order that he may exercise from time to time, in any part of the diocese, that difficult, but necessary, function of recruiting diocesan. funds, in which, he has already displayed so much ability, and received so much encourage ment. Archdeacons in a colonial diocese are no mere dignitaries* For the important work they have to do the status given by their office and title is required, and I mentioned to the Diocesan Council so far back as 1876 that I recommended, so soon as occasion should serve, the steps I now announce as taken. No doubt the appointment of non-resident archdeacons is an unusual arrangement, and not the best we could desire to make, but it seems to me the bestof which the circumstances admit. I may mention that the new. Archdeacons, in the present state of our Church funds, will accept no- additional personal remuneration. I have been much strengthened in the desire to effect these changes by the great comfort and help received by me from my three previously appointed ArchdeaconB. Of these two were collated only last year. The Archdeacon of Hamilton, amid many difficulties, has elicited in very large measure the con fidence and support of residents in his part of the diocese, and the Archdeacon of Ballarafc, though quite a recent arrival in our colony, seems already an indispensable factor in the religious activities of Ballarat and the surrounding district. A few further f.acts and figures may be interesting. Since our last _ session 10 churches have been built, or are on the eve of erection ; 6 have been, substantially enlarged or improved ; 6 parsonages have been built or acquired, or substantially enlarged, and 3 schools added to the properties of the Church. These figures are more favourable than in any previous year. Church services have distinctly multiplied ; 43 ? confirmations have been held, with 1038 candidates. The communicants' roll has apparently increased. Approximately 3500 are now enrolled ; alas, less than one- twentieth of the professing members of the Church ! Fifteen readers and 50 hon. lay helpers are at work ; and out of not a few offering for service as readers or clergy, 6 appear eligible, most of whom are likely to be accepted or trained. I may here mention what the Assembly will be glad to hear, that the newly established Grice Theological Scholarship at Trinity College, Melbourne, is open to students for orders in this diocese, The diocesan branch of the Girls' Friendly Society now numbers 155 associates and 829 members. The Melbourne diocese, with twice the population of ours, musters only about 100 more. .The Young . Men's Friendly Society has altered its mode of operation, and the new plan awaits a fair trial. The Sunday-school Association of the diocese numbers a somewhat larger number of affiliated schools. I think the fee for application should, as soon as practicable, be abolished, and that the abolition would widen the sphere of the Association's usefulness. Mr. Samuel Cooke, of Murndale, Barrister-at-law, has accepted at my request the office of hon. advocate of the diocese. I must ask permission to record my deep sense, of gratitude to the members of the Council of the Dioceso for their unfailing industry, and cordial, wise, and courteous co- operation during the year. . ? :? I lay on the table a record of the Acts of the Bishop-inr Council and a schedule of money grants for 1885, and also, through the attention of the hon. secretary, Mr. Cummins, a statement of the condition of our Superannuation Fund, as required by our laws. These are, of course, open to the free criticism of the Assembly. LEGISLATIVE ME ASUEES. ' .[ Six resolutions and six bills at least will be submitted to you. The resolutions are — (a) In favour of incorporating our diocese — i.e., establishing a corporate body of diocesan trustees for all Church property under the new Act of Parliament ; (&) appointing a select committee re a Cathedral; (c) recognising provincial organisation as an open question ; (d) recommending the establishment of a Forest Mission Fund, supplemental to the Sustentation and Clergy Endowment Funds ; (e) protesting against the prohibition of voluntary religious teaching by State-school teachers ; (/) appointing a select committee re a new Eeligious Instruction Act. The bills are— (1) To regulate the Diocesan Corporate Trust ; (2) (3) (4) to amend in detail the Trustees and Vestries, Sustentation Fund, and Patronage Acts ; (5) to transfer the Bishopric Endowment Fund. to the Diocesan Trustees, and entrust its management to the Bishop in Council ; (6) to pension the Eev. L. A. Baker, of Buninyong. On (a) and (1) -I W1U only remark that, instead of leaning, as might appear at first sight, towards centralisation and imperialism, these proposals really tend exactly in. the opposite direction ; their effect being to call into existence trustees divested of governing power, leaving the management of the Church properties to the annually elected local vestries and committees, while vesting the legal estate . ? in a permanent corporation, always accessible and able to act. The economy of time, trouble, and expense in transacting business con nected with Church property would be very great should all our Church properties come to be thus vestedj but it would be quite optional with local trustees to avail themselves of the arrangement. On the proposal to erect a Cathedral on the Christ Church site in Ballarat (resolution b), opinions are likely at first to differ. The matter comes before the Assembly by request of the trustees and vestry of Christ Church Pro-Cathedral, who lately sent a deputation to the Bishop in Council, asking that it might be brought forward: ; to which the latter, after again conferring with the Christ Church „ trustees and vestry, eventually agreed. I proclaimed the opening of : a Cathedral Fund last session, but no proposal actually to build would have been heard of as yet, had not the insufficiency of Christ Church to meet the needs of its increasing congregation necessitated the prompt consideration of the future of the building. The idea. - naturally suggested itself, that its re-erection might afford the oppor tunity of securing, by the joint efforts of the parish and the diocese, a structure fitted to combine the functions of a -true Cathedral with those of a parish church. I will not anticipate the discussion further - than to say that you will hardly object to the appointment of a select committee, to consider and report later on upon this large question, and make suggestions as to the action, if any, which this Assembly should take with reference to it. Should such a committee be appointed, a memorandum on the practical aspects of the subject, drawn up in concert by representatives of the council and the parish, will be submitted to its notice. On resolution (c) I have touched already; (d), perhaps, explains itself. The south-east and south-west of the diocese, where pioneer work needs to be speedily taken up, are certainly 'forest' regions, and a Forest Mission Fund for starting it, if well begun here, might enlist the interest of friends of our diocese at home. Ecsolution (-?) introduces once more the protest which, more or less emphatic, this Assembly has for nine years, by overwhelming majorities of laity as well as clergy, made against the capital defect of our otherwise admirable Education Act — its ignoring and practical discouragement; of Scripture teaching in connection with State-school education. Since our last session, in response to the Assembly's appeal, the clergy /have done no little, in concert with other Protestant ministers andlay helpers, by .way of turning to account the facilities so far afforded , for voluntary religious teaching in our day schools. In most, of the parishes in this diocese such teaching is now regularly given in one or more of the State-schools. In Ballarat itself, out of 22, schools, 9 of the principal are visited every Tuesday at half-past three, for this purpose, by 26 voluntary teachers, instructing 3000 out of. 10,000 scholars. I have asked the head-masters of these schools' to tell me in writing their opinion as to the measure in which they consider this instruction beneficial and appreciated by the parents and scholars ; and now quote from all of the courteous replies received. ....... (a) ' The religious instruction has tended to produce an increased conscientiousness on the part of the children. The majority of the parents seem desirous that their children should attend.' (Z-) ' The children have received good. Parents do value, and the more thoughtful of the children sincerely appreciate, the instruc tion given.' . ? (c) ' Where the instruction has been given by those well qualified to give it, I believe the influence to have been very beneficial. The children are eager to attend the classes of - and- The great difficulty, to my mind, is that of, securing the services:.^ ' regular and suitable instructors.' \- ? ' ^ 1 (d) '.Most refining influence at present, and must have a beneficial ?influence in the future. Valued by the children most certainly, and by the parents also.' (e) 'Long experience has taught me to set a high value upon such instruction, not only for its intrinsic importance, but as an aid to discipline. It gives a tone to a school that nothing else can give. ?Some of the parents have spoken with approbation of the religious lessons imparted, and the pupils have been deeply interested in them. When the lessons lapsed there was a general expression of disappoint ment.' . , (/) u Good for the children ; it cannot be otherwise. The religious teaching is valued by the parents and the children.' (g) 'When the olasses were conducted without interruption I formed a favourable opinion of their usefulness. Am quite sure that an efficient teacher will be greatly valued by the children.' „ ,{h) 'I believe the influence beneficial, but the teachers too few . — only one at present. As originally organised in 1884, the classes were valued by both pupils and parents, but owing to the removal of two of the teachers, less than one-third now receive religious instruc tion, the others being dismissed.' ? (i) ' I think the religious instruction given has a good effect.' -i But there are some 568 State-schools, with 60,400 children, in our ? diocese ;; and if, even in Ballarat itself, only 9 or 10 out of 22 can be ? partially taught, for. want of the requisite number of persons at .leisure for- the work, how can the needs of ' bush' places possibly be met? on this plan ? Obviously, the State-school teachers themselves . should be .made available, if willing, as suggested by the Education Commission.. . A resolution in this sense will be submitted to you ; and you will be further asked to protest against the excision and con tinued exclusion of the name of Christ from the school books, which, it is pleaded in behalf of the Act, do teach 'religion.' Eesolution (/'). — The altered state of things has rendered our 'School Board almost useless as now regulated. It might be so re constituted as to exercise far more influence over both Sunday and day schools. . Passing on to: the bills : (1) only gives orderly effect to resolution (#) ; (2) only rectifies certain details, and harmonises them with (1) : (3) makes the Sustentation Fund capital available for loans to Bishopscourt or school trustees ; (4) as its special change, abolishes all legal claim of clergy on their parishes for pensions. The Act giving this- claim, it is feared, is objectionable in principle, and it is found to be almost unworkable in practice. ? ? Bill (5). has been summarised. It is in harmony with the general principle, commended by experience, that the management of diocesan property is best entrusted to the Council of the Diocese, . while the legal estate should be vested in a corporate body of diocesan trustees. ? ' Bill (6) is rendered, unhappily, necessary by the state of Mr. Baker's health compelling him to ask to.be relieved of his parish. No clergyman, during a forty years' ministry ever kept more unsullied his robes of office, or earned a more sincere respect and affection from his Bishop and those amongst whom he ministered. The bill is the first instance of a proposal to draw a pension for a retiring clergy man fromthe Sustentation Fund, which was accumulated more par ticularly for other purposes. It will be noticed, however, that the bill provides that the claim on that fund shall cease so soon as the proper source of supply— the Superannuation Fund — is available for retiring allowances. The Assembly is aware that two years at least must elapse before that time, and it seems to me equally impossible either to insist on a clergyman retaining his parish, who is admittedly unequal dn strength to its burden, or to ask him to retire, after forty years of faithful and irreproachable service, without immediate pension. The only third alternative seems to be the exceptional bill now brought in. I may mention that, at the instance of the Council, ? two commissaries reported on the whole subject, and, after consulta tion with the parishioners of Buninyong, deliberately advised bring ing in the bill as the only just and reasonable course under the cir cumstances. Should our Superannuation Fund Act, however, work as expected, the present-bill, is- likely. to be the last, as it is the first, -of this particular kind. I regret, in connection with this matter, to inform the Assembly that our hopes of amalgamation with Mel bourne for superannuation purposes are still in -suspense. In pur suance of a resolution of this House, the Interdiocesan Committee considered the question of amalgamation, and agreed to take the opinion of an eminent actuary on the terms on which it might safely be effected. After nearly a year's consideration, the Actuary has reported, but his report seems scarcely to solve the problem submitted to him, and the Interdiocesan. Committee is to be convened again to \- decide what to do with it. When it meets, I hope at the same time to secure its consideration for a different, but in its place important, topic — the adoption of a uniform practice in both dioceses with regard to the solemnisation of marriage. OUR SPECIAL DIOCESAN NEEDS . are still, as far as instrumentalities go, more ministers, and more : money for their modest stipends, and for building churches, par- i sonages, and Sunday-schools. i The' supply of more men, of the right kind, is probably the most 1 urgent of- these needs. ' ?- The colonial pastorate requires not mere commonplace agents, '. however well- disposed and irreproachable, bufc men of real capacity, - energy, and training, as well as full of faith, and prayer,' and love. ' Oh, if the call to arms in behalf of the motherland be so promptly ] and nobly responded to here, are there no more among our choicer i youth to volunteer^ for a yet nobler service, arid go forth 'not to i destroy men's lives,' But to save them '? I call very earnestly on this i ' diocese to send up more recruits of thiB type than we have been - enlisting lately, for surely we should be leaning less and less on i England for filling the gaps which age or death is fast making in our ' ranks, and strengthen the thin band of reapers plying the Lord's e Bickle in these vast and whitening harvest-fields. No young Church- t man of true . capacity for pastorate need go further than our own 1 \+ . ?_?' ?.??-,? . .. ??..'.' ?;?/'?? ? '? ' diocese to be put in the way of training for the ministry, or to find noble opportunities of work when trained. But a sufficiency of good clergy, God helping us, we must get ; and if not from among our own 89ns, then, if possible, from across the seas. Two clergy should be sent to the eastern arid western sides of the Otway Forest, now somewhat quickly populating ; a clergyman should go south-west of Casterton ; another to the Adelaide border at Lillimur ; another to the Ararat district ; another to the Dunkeld district ; another to the Apsley district ; and two more to help the incumbent of Brown Hill and the Vicar of St. Paul's, Ballarat East. In the last great parish, considering the population, another besides the Mother Church ought to be vigorously at work. Surely there ought not to be any doubt of a fair available income, in a diocese like this, to any clergyman who really understands, and sets himself thoroughly to do, ' the Lord's work' among the people. Yet, while I say this, I am bound to remind you that financial straitness has crippled us greatly. Our diocesan funds are scrupu lously economised, but I am within the mark in once more naming £3500 of working income and £35,000 of working capital aa our absolute requirement. We still lack some hundreds even of the £30,000 which I had hoped for by this time. True, we have made marked progress lately.. Although I cannot speak accurately for want of complete parochial returns, I think we must have raised £21,500 of parochial,. as distinct from diocesan, income, which ex ceeds by many hundreds any previous, return. And I am thankful to notice that in such collections as, those for the Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund, Ballarat is only some 12 per cent, behind the far more populous and wealthy sister diocese. But the Church people of Western Victoria, as a whole, have not ' put on their strength' as yet; Perhaps it is for want of more systematic information and appeals. May our good financial commissary supply what is wanting 1 BUT IS THE FAITH WE TEACH A ' SUPEKSTITION ' ? ' Such is the deliberate allegation. of a second of our Supreme Court Judges, following the example set by Mr. Justice Higinbotham nearly two years ago. The lecture of the latter was promptly met by a reply from the pen of my brother of Melbourne, so candid, so direct, so philosophical, and so convincing, that (as I think) less injury than confirmation has probably accrued to the faith of the Christian Church from the controversy. Mr. Justice Williams' Unitarian hrooJture seems to me less original and striking; and while I have not a bitter or contemptuous word to say about the pamphlet or its writer, the latter will excuse me if I avow my impression, in the same frank way in which he has expressed his own confidence in the impending banishment of Church teaching, that the truly Catholic Christian doctrines will Survive in the future, as they have done in the past, severer assaults than that which this book directs against them. I may remark that I entirely dissent from those who would object to the public treatment of questions of faith by nonpro fessional theologians. I am right glad when such persons interest themselves in these. The leading issues of religion are not only the . most important of all topics, but the most universal in their urgent concern for all earnest men, and the least conditioned for their « appreciation by the need of merely technical training and knowledge. But, on the other hand, the responsibility la tremendous of those who ' address themselves to the public discrediting of prevalent religious teuets which they think erroneous ; and scrupulous accuracy and candour of statement and inference are essential in such an enterprise. In the same way candour and accuracy should characterise all criti cism of such utterances. If Mr. Justice Williams is right, this Assembly had better at once know and freely own it. In that case it would be as sacred a duty for us to discontinue the Church's work in our diocese, as with our present belief it is to prosecute it with the intensest vigour. But does Judge Williams really prove his case ? The Judge's contention is that the Trinity, the Incarnation, and the Atonement are 'mere crude superstitions.' Herein, I may observe in passing, he differs from Mr. Matthew Arnold, whom he quotes with evident admiration, and . who writes : 'It is a maintainable thesis that the theological dogmas of the Trinity J' the Incarnation, and the Atonement underlie the whole Bible.' Let us examine a chapter of this book, say, the first, which is fairly representative of the rest. In it the Judge deals with the Trinity — a doctrine which he admits is allowed by all Christian bodies except the Unitarians. (He adds that the Moravians do not affirm it, but herein he is scarcely accurate. Their doctrine on this point is that of the Confession of Augsburg ; it is described in official documents of the British Parliament as agreeable to the Thirty-nine Articles.,1 it is embodied in their Litany for Easter Day.) Now, a tenet held as fundamental 'by nearly all Christians for so many centuriesj and taught and defended by multitudes of the ablest, most learned, and holiest of men, even if a 'superstition,' could hardly be a 'mere crude' one, ' crude' meaning, I presume, unripe, unconsidered, inexact, unintelligent. Surely crudeness may rather be predicated of such mistaken statements of Trinitarian belief as the following :— ' The Church of England' holds ' that the f Godhead consists of (sic) three distinct persons ;' ' the orthodox' believe ' that there are three who reign in heaven as Gods ;' ' the shurches all call the third God the Holy Ghost, not the Spirit, or the Holy Spirit.' Or of sweeping assertions such as these : — 'The four Sospels are absolutely inconsistent with, and expressly disaffirm;' ' are equally destitute of traces of' 'this doctrine, which, indeed, is inown historically to have been the growth of a long. -subsequent ige' (the fact being that the doctrine is mentioned by name as a temiliar element in Church -teaching by the Christian fathers. of ,the second century); ' the reader who will only take the trouble to jxamine them will find that the doctrine is nowhere even obscurely illuded to. This is equally true of the, rest of the New Testament.' ' We find declaration after declaration absolutely opposed to : any luch notion.' ' ? It appears waste of labour to prove that the Spirit is hroughout the Bible regarded as a spiritual emanation from the father,' 'parfca'ad parcel of jtfie God.' Let us now examine some of the arguments and inferences on ? -which euch assertions are based. They will need, I think, very little comment before this audience. ' (1.) According to the Bible, there is one God, and beside Him no other : the religion of the Bible ib monotheistic :' °' the satisfactory affirmation of (1), it will be readily seen, must be fatal to the doc trine of the Trinity.' Again : ' Is it not highly incredible that the God who was unceasingly in communication with judges and prophets, often on trivial subjects, should have' ' omitted during so many hundreds of years to mention so important a circumstance,' 'made no mention of God the Son, or of the Spirit as being anything distinct and separate from God Himself 1' ' Would it be unreason able to expect that, assuming the existence of a triumvirate in heaven, Jesus should have stated the nature of its functions in un mistakable terms ?' ' If Christ be the Son of God as to His divine nature,' here the writer quotes with emphatic endorsement Dr. Adam Clarke, 'he cannot be eternal, for Son implies' 'generation, and generation implies time in which it is effected, and time also antecedent to Buch generation.' Again, in answer to an alleged argument for Christ's Deity (I never saw it advanced) drawn from his title ' Redeemer ;' ' the title Eedeemer is never applied to Jesus throughout the New Testament, but to the Father,' ' and to Him alone.' Now, it is matter of fact that the actual title ' Eedeemer' occurs nowhere in our New Testament ; but the work of redemption is invariably attributed therein to Jesus Christ. Let us next see how the Judge disposes of texts. ''The Word was in the beginning with God' 'all things were made by Him ;' to regard the expression as referring to Jesus would make Jesus co-eternal and co-equal with God, which is incompatible with Bible teaching.' ' Even some orthodox divines, amongst them Dr. Liddon, speaking of the Logos, construe ifc to mean 'tbe thought of God,' something not either external to or independent of the one God (see Liddon's Bampton Lectures). The true conception of ifc by Greek philosophy wns that of the power or force or energy of God ; it clearly resembles tbe view held by Dr. Liddon.' A reference to pp. 228, 229 of the 'Lectures' (ed. 18G8), containing the whole passage referred to, will show, I think, that the use here made of it is entirely unwarrantable. No Trinitarian holds that the Divine Word is ' something external to the one God,' and Canon Liddon assuredly does not, that it means the impersonal ' power, force, or energy of God.' Again, ' baptising them into the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.' ' It is considered highly improbable that Jesus after His death should have used the words. Mr. Matthew Arnold makes the following observations : — ?Ip is not the least like what Jesus was in the habit of saying. The genuine charge was almost certainly, as My Father sent Me so send I you. So that our three creeds are founded upon words which Jesus in all probability never uttered.' ' Next let us ponder the texts quoted, as incompatible with the doctrine of the Trinity. ' ' Why callest thou Me good 1 There is none good but one, that is the God.'' The judge remarks 'the expressionin the Greek version [? original] is 'the God,' which, as will be observed, has not been faithfully translated.' ''My God and your God.' ' The head of Christ is God.' ' There is one Mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus.' ' Not My will, but Thine, be done.' ' All things are delivered unto Me of My Father.' ' Out of twenty-two other texts thus quoted, fourteen either simply proclaim the unity of God, which no Trinitarian questions, or else are instances of 'God' being called 'Saviour' or 'Redeemer,' which, if Jesus saves and redeems men (and the New Testament un questionably asserts this), can scarcely disprove His Deity. The remaining eight imply that limitation of power and knowledge in Christ which would be a necessary feature in the dual nature of the God Man in whom the Church believes, and thus are in harmony with, and certainly cannot disprove, the Incarnation. Such are the Judge's main arguments. Here, lastly, is his opinion of the translators of the Bible. Speaking of the expression ' Holy Ghost,' he says : ' The translators having adopted the word ' Ghost,' as carrying with it a more mystic sound, were forced to add an adjective where no adjective existed in the original, and there was only one that could be euphoniously added, viz., ' holy.' ' No evidence is tendered in support of this singular statement. Again, referring to the very familiar interpolation, long ago exposed and discarded by Church of England divines, in 1 John v. 7 (' There are three that bear record in heaven'), he says : ' Even the orthodox committee [one was a Unitarian] have in the revised edition without ovoroZ or comment omitted this verse ;' and once more referring to 1 John iii. 16 (' Hereby perceive we [the] love [of God] because he laid down his life for us'), ' the revised version haB been forced to omit these words, but in silence, and with no marginal note.' The suggestion plainly made, that the revisers were guilty of cowardly disintegrity, betrays an utter misconception. Not only were they not bound to comment on texts, they were bound not to do so. The Judge adds, but without offering any proof whatever, ' Trinitarian translators have inserted words not existing in the so-called original — the for lorn hopes of the doctrine of the Trinity.' I have now examined the first chapter of the Judge's book, and we have no time for more. In quoting, I have shortened and combined, but in no case altered the author's language or meaning. I do not think it requisite to recite in reply, before this audience at any rate, the positive proofs of the doctrine thus assailed. I venture to think intelligent churchmen will agree with me, that Judge Williams, for whom personally, sand in regard to his dignified office, I have nothing but what is respectful to say, is scarcely a trustworthy guide as to the real teaching of the Church, or the true bearing of texts of Scripture. But let us never forget; that the Church's best answer to the scepticism of the age is less controversial argument than prayer and work. Scepticism is a spirit, and must be met by a spirit of a different nature and stronger than itself. ' This kind goetu not out but by prayer and fasting.' There are some splendid passages on this point in an address of the late eloquent Thomas Jones to the Congregational Union. After remarking, with truth, that Christianity has never been fully embodied in the character of the Church, he pleads that Christiana should have justice : and the Church is entitled, in some measure at any rate, to answer the sceptical spirit of the age in the words of Christ, ' Though ye believe not Me, believe the works.' It was ecclesiastical synods, truly observes the Bishop of Newcastle, which led the way to our national parliaments ; and (in a sermon before the New South Wales Synod, well worth studying) tbe Bishop showB how in such matters as the care of deserted children, and the foundation of hospitals, the authority of Church Assemblies was the inceptive force in the early centuries of our era. In Anglo-Saxon times slavery largely disappeared before the efforts of the Church, the usual place for liberating bondsmen being the altar or church porch, and the emancipation recorded on the margin of the gospel book. More than a thousand years ago a great council at West minster Abbey forbade the sale of slaves, while the Council of Cler mont it was that secured the observance of the ' Truce of God' from Wednesday to Monday in European Christendom. The decisions of three ancient synods on the right of the people to primary education, are matched by the fact that the home of literature and culture was in the Church, even in the ages often stigmatised as dark. It is no less true, at any rate, in these days as well as those, that if there be any one institution among mankind entitled in any degree to the lofty name ' The Light of the World,' ' The Salt of the Earth,' it is that whose members are so designated by the Preacher on the mount. Broadly speaking, men will be for the Church when they find and feel that Bhe is for them. She may fairly ask to be judged as we judge of an orchard tree, not by the withered branches, the mis growths and excrescences, but by the kind of fruit she by nature tends to bear ; and mankind will in the long run not mistake that for thorn and thistle, of which they gather grapes and figs. : - CONCLUSION. Prayer and work 1 Like the|monk's two-fold scapulary, it must be the Church's constant wear. If work, in its outward arrange ments, unavoidably engross most of the Assembly's Session, and of the address which opens it, lefc us remind ourselves that our daily morning service and meditation during the week represent the more essential side of the Church's life, tbe devotional. ' Without Me, ye can do nothing' If tempted to forget it, the passing away this morning from the midst of us of one of our oldest and best known members will surely suffice to be our solemn remembrancer of the paramount importance of the spiritual and eternal side of human things I I can hardly trust myself to speak of Mr. Caselli : one of the most loving, loyal, warm-hearted, consistent, and benevolent churchmen and citizens in all Victoria 1 How dear he was to us — I may almost say to everyone of us 1 How had he preserved the freshness and enamel of youth into his ripe and radiant maturity 1 Why, this man's late autumn of life was brighter and cheerier than most men's spring time ! And wherein lay the secret of the magnetism of his character? Oh, as with our Gordons, and our Sladens, and our Lewises, ifc was nothing else than the fear of God and the faith of Jesus, and the love for men that always flows from these, when deep and strong 1 May our souls be bound in the bundle of life at the laBt with such as thee, dear departed brother I . , Mr. Caselli's removal makes a vacancy in tbe Council and on the board of electors. I have detained you at unusual length with, I fear, a tedious address ; but, after nine years' acquaintance with this Assembly, ? Were its faults as thick as dust In vacant chambers, I could trust Your kindness. I now declare the session opened. Let us address ourselves with energy to our important labours; and, Lord, 'prosper Thou our handiwork I' We take the following from a New Zealand Church paper : — ' Considerable discussion has taken place at various times with regard to the propriety or otherwise of addressing the bishops of colonial or missionary sees as ' Lord.' Those who oppose the use of this distinctive title base their objection usually upon the argument that colonial and missionary bishops are not peers of the realm, as nre the bishops, for the most part, of the Established Church of England: It will be within the memory of many members of the late General Synod, which was held at Napier, in the month of April, 1883, that the Bishop of Wellington, from his seat in that Assembly, moved that the title be struck off the minute-book wherein the clerical secretary had inserted it. We do not know tbe motive which prompted the Bishop of Wellington to pursue the course he did. If, however, it was for the reason we have mentioned above, we find that no less an authority than Edward A. Freeman, LL.D., D.O.L., speaks as follows: — 'The. title of lor A has not necessarily anything to do with peerage. ... A bishop's title of lord has not, as many people fancy, anything to do with his peerage ; it belongs equally to bishops who have seats in Parliament and to bishops who have not. Some such title — JDominus, Monseigneur, Desjpotes — is given to bishops everywhere.' ' 