THE RIGHTFUL HEIR. CHAPTER III. A few days after Marion's arrival at Melangole, a respectable-looking individual dressed in black, and wearing a tall, black hat — rather an unusual headgear in the Queensland station life — and mounted on a black horse, rode up to the garden-gate, and after dismounting, and fastening his funeral steed carefully to a paling, whipped the dust off his boots with his handkerchief, and approached the house with a slow and dignified step. The man was elderly, but it would have been difficult to have determined his exact age, for he had one of those grey, colourless faces that never seemed to have been young, nor even appear to grow much older. His upper lip and chin were shaven, and his thin, grey whiskers carefully trimmed. His small, grey eyes - sharp as those of a weasel - seemed to have the power of reading the inmost thoughts of others, while never revealing what was passing in his own mind. Lawyer Dale had been the late Mr. Northbrook's friend and counsellor for many years, and rumour unkindly had it that he had profited more by this friendship than his patron. Be this as it may, Mr. Dale was at the present moment debating within himself whether it would be wiser to transfer his valuable friendship and services to the young heir of Windemere, or whether it would be more to his profit to offer his talent and knowledge of certain family secrets to the other Northbrook, the protege of old Clovelly. Dale was a clever, unscrupulous man, anxious to play a conspicuously genteel and respectable part in his neighbourhood ; and there were certain ugly facts connected with the Northbrook history which, if made public, might reflect unpleasantly on his moral character. Besides this, he knew better than any other man - better indeed than Frank Northbrook himself - how that young gentleman's affairs stood, and he felt certain that in the case of the other side going to law the young master of Windemere would find himself unable to bear the expenses of a lawsuit. Therefore, on receiving a letter from Clovelly inviting him to a conference to discuss certain important matters respecting the rightful heirship of Windemere, Lawyer Dale felt that the issue of this interview depended mainly on himself, and was resolved to turn it to his best advantage. If he intimated the proverbial rats and abandoned the sinking ship, he might be well paid for his trouble, and be freed from a load of anxiety which had weighed down his spirits for some time. There was always the liklihood, nay, almost the certainty of a lawsuit ; when, having made a profitable bargain with Clovelly and Norman Northbrook, he might offer his services to Frank, and reap the harvest of legal quibbles and lawyer's briefs to his heart's content. Mr. Clovelly was seated on his verandah, listening patiently to his sister's wandering conversation, when the clinking of the garden- gate caused him to look up and behold Lawyer Dale approaching with wincing gait and meek, respectable air. " Good morning, Mr. Clovelly," said the gentleman, advancing, and taking off his hat as he bowed to the lady. " Good morning, Mrs. Halstead ; allow me to recall myself to your remembrance - Jacob Dale, at your service, madame ; I had the felicity of meeting you years ago, and your face is so fresh in my memory that I should have known you in a crowd. Time, my dear madame, has dealt very kindly with you. You do not seem to havo changed at all during those long years, twelve or thirteen it must be, since we met last. I fear I have made too evanescent an impression on your mind to allow me to hope that you remember my poor person." Lawyer Dale rubbed his nose gently with his forefinger as was his wont, and wrinkled the corners of his eyes into multitudinous wrinkles. He prided himself on his success with the fair sex, and was in the habit of saying that he could manage most women by adroit flattery and well-termed compliments, as he managed men by evil effrontery and impertubable blandness. Mrs. Halstead's faded cheek flushed with pleasure at the lawyer's words, for she was not insensible to complimentary speeches, having been a beauty in her young days and still possessing a graceful figure aud delicate features. " Indeed, Mr. Dale," said she graciously, " I have not forgotten you although I should scarcely have remembered your face had you not mentioned that you had met me, and I don't think I should have recalled your name had my brother not spoken of you several times since my arrival. I might have known your face, or fancied I knew it, without remembering your name, you know. Dear, dear, and is it really twelve years since we danced together at the bachelor's ball in Roma, or was it Brisbane ? I think it was you I danced so much with that night. It was some gentleman with a name like Dale or Wood, and I think he was a lawyer ; but he might have been a doctor : anyway, he danced most beautifully, and was a fine man ; but now I come to think of it, he had sandy whiskers, and was very tall,—no, I don't think you could have been at that ball \- I must have met you here, at the station." " We met in this very garden, Mrs. Halstead. I shall never forget our first meeting ; your daughter was with you, a sweetly pretty child. I suppose she has grown into a beautiful young lady : she must appear like a younger sister beside you." " Marion has grown iuto a very pretty girl, Mr. Dale. She is out riding with Miss Clovelly and Mr. Northbrook today, and would you believe it ? she actually went without her gauze veil in this heat ; she will be quite sunburnt. Young girls are so careless nowadays, Mr. Dale. When I was young I was never allowed out till sunset, and always muffled up with linen hoods and veils and gloves, for I had a fair skin like dear Marion, and my colour was greatly admired ; but that has gone like the rest of my good looks : we can't expect to remain young and pretty all our days, can we, Mr. Dale ?" " You have come on business, I suppose ?" said Mr. Clovelly, stopping the complimentary speech that was trembling on the lawyer's lips. " Yes - yes," said Dale, slowly ; "on business, my dear sir, as you say. If you have time to spare I suppose we had better talk over this little matter at once : I am quite at your service. Excuse us Mrs. Halstead, business before pleasure you know ; we must leave your charming society for a while." " This way if you please," said Clovelly as he led the way into the house ; and, opening a door, ushered his visitor into a small office. " Are we sure of privacy here ?" asked Dale, looking round suspiciously. " Perfectly," replied Clovelly, closing the door and seating himself at his desk. " You received my letter ?" " I received your letter my dear sir. You inform me you are about to take steps to advance claims on behalf of Mr. Norman Northbrook as being the rightful heir of Windemere entailed by the late Mr. Northbrook's father on his eldest grandson. You say that you are all prepared to prove the legitimacy of Mr. Northbrook's claims : you are ready to give evidence that a de facto marriage took place in your presence at this house twenty-six years ago between the late Mr. Northbrook and an half-caste girl known as May Clovelly, your adopted daughter. Doubtless, you have the marriage certificate to prove the correctness of your assertions : excuse my speaking plainly, I am a businessman, Mr. Clovelly." " I do not have the marriage certificate," said Clovelly, flushing slightly ; " from what I can understand Mrs. Northbrook never saw the paper again after she had signed it. Blindly devoted to her husband she allowed him to retain possession of the important document, and I have strong reasons to believe that it has since passed into your hands, why and wherefore you best know yourself. In this case I should be prepared to give a reasonable sum to obtain this paper, which is of course of some importance to us, and the unlawful possession of which may become extremely troublesome to you in time." " My dear sir, it first remains to be proved that it is in my possession : I acknowledge, however, that it is of great importance to you to obtain this marriage certificate : of supreme importance, Mr. Clovelly ; in fact, you haven't the ghost of a chance without this important document - not an atom of a chance," and Lawyer Dale rubbed his nose and looked searchingly at the old man who was struggling hard to repress the feeling of disgust and indignation that always rose within him at the sight of the man he held responsible for all his adopted daughter's misery. " What do you want for it ?" he asked, abruptly, now fully convinced that the paper was in Dale's hands. " Mr. Clovelly," said the lawyer, rubbing his nose thoughtfully, " I am a most conscientious man - too much so in fact. I am a slave to conscience. You are aware that the late Mr Northbrook was not only my client, but my most intimate friend, and during his lifetime I have always endeavoured to serve him to the best of my abilities, although I did not always approve of his proceedings. Now that he is dead, however, I feel at liberty to follow the dictates of my conscience, and am prepared to fall in with your views providing you accept my terms." " What are your terms," asked Clovelly, impatiently. " In the first place," replied Dale, edging his chair a little nearer to Clovelly's, " I must request you to give me your word of honour that you will never reveal to anybody what has passed between us at this meeting. You see, Mr. Clovelly, I am a man holding a highly honourable position in society. I am received into the best families ; I belong to every public committee ; I am churchwarden, and have the honour of receiving the highest dignitaries of the church under my humble roof : in a word, I am a man of position and prominence, and as such, must be careful to avoid anything that might give my enemies ( for who has not enemies ?) opportunity to malign my character. Therefore, my dear sir, I repeat before proceeding any further that I must request your word of honour as a gentleman to observe profound secrecy regarding this little business that we are about to transact." To Be Continued. 