Cricket Notes. ' i ' By 'Bat.'' ? [Soorotnries of clubs will oHIro by sondinK items of paplio interest; hddrosaod 'Bat,' Telegraph office.] Ox taking another look ovor tho names of those picked for practioo I notice tho absence of Gardiner. Tho morning paper referred to tho number of young colts who hod boon picked, but, although 1 cannot see particularly Gardiner inoluded in the list 'i He gives good promise, and ho has nlroady practically demon strated that fact, and ho certahily deserves a place among the team, let alone among those picked for praotice. Howover, it is not too late oven now to add his namo to the list. I attended at tho first day's practice, but I cannot say I was at all pleased with what I saw. In the first place, out of the twenty-two, or twenty-three local players who have been picked only some fourteen or fifteon put in an appearance. Batting seomed to bo the prin cipal attraction, if I may so uso the word, and the endeavour was to stay there as long as pos sible and then go away. This was the way with the majority of them ; thero wero of course some few exceptions. The way tho practising is done in England is for each man to be stationed in practice in tho position he is t/i nnnnnv in the field at the match. It is true that the Queen's Park is somewhat limited as regards the room, but a wicket might very easily be prepared so as to allow the longstop to field close to the f once, and that would allow moro room for the fielders, because a single wioJtet would be quite sufficient. It see1'* to me that our men are practising1 hard hiti:n#/ This may be right enough in its way, but Wfcen good form is put aside as quite a secondary consideration, and sensa tional hits the only object in view, it shows a great want of sense and judgment. The cry is 'still they come.' This would be very appropriate for tho English cricketers to say, with regard to victories. They have met and' defeated Australia, although not by any means a thoroughly representative team, still it was tha best that could be got. The match was commenced on the Jst instant, in Melbourne, in tho presence of abfftJt 11,000 spectators, by the Englishmen gains' to the wickets. The Australian team must have had a nice lot of leather-hunting, for at the clone of the day's play 303 runs had been scored for the loss of nine wiekets. This they increased o» the following day to 401 runs. Large scores seem to have been tho order of the day, Briggs topping tho lot with 121 runs. This player is short, and thick-set, and hails from Lancashire. Ho has gained the repu tation o$ being the finest fielder at cover point in the world. He may be styled apigmy com pared wife Bounor nnd others of similar height, but his bitting po-ver is very little behind them ; Shri^vsbury came next with 72 runs, to his credit : Barns, 58 ; Hunter, noS out, :)9, were the next highest contributors. Tho Australian representatives began weir as they had 151 runs to their credit for the loB^of- three wickets, at the close of the second day'* play : hut, ala8 I on t3e resumption of the gamer the next day, the -wickets fill somewhat r&p.idlyr; tho score being 270. Being- 122 behind' they were obliged to follow i n for their sscond innings, but in tJis they vmre not so sucsoss f ul as in their firsi innings; as- they left the Englishmen five rans to geStbwin, which (Siey obtained without tlie loss of iv wicket. At a meeting oi? the Victorian Association,, held the other evening, thcTefusol of Messre. BlMkham, Boyle, fceott. Bcnnor, aiacdonndl, . aud Palmer, to play against the Englishmen in- the intercolonial inutoh was considered, and it was decided to call -upon those gtntlemen ts ? fvivf* im fixnlnnM+fnYi nr:thf»ir i!inHnp+_ It don* 'seen* strange, to say the least of' it, that these players should object to play:- It gives the Englishmen the privilsge of any ing' that they have beaten a representative tencn'-of Australia, ?wherpiis if these Victorians and oiher New South-. Welshmen had talon part' in, the match a somewhat different result m%ht have been chronicled. 'Felix,' in the Australasian, va. comment ing- on the recent intercolonial march says : — ' In the long list of intercolonial nuttuhts! there is not one which came to a more- abrupt and unexpected conclusion than that wihiuh termi nated at three minutes to 4;o' clock -on Tuesday in favour of Victoria by iininuings'and 'i runs. Everybody was completelj astonis hod at tho result. The Sydney men were 7S' behind on the first innings, . and though the- ' (Ticket was buniewhst worn when they ;-turtcd their second innings, most of us thought a total' !v.-ore of up wards of 200 would.be realised.' G-ri ;«t was the surprise, therefore, when loan after man fell before PahnerandBruce, until inonala-ur and 10 minutes the whole of them had fallen-i or the very poor total. of 74. On all sides yoa- hour the questions, ' How did it como- about..!Kr 'What was the matter?', and so teu . P^Ebajis tke best answer is that Palmer 'struck: u.;pateh,' and when he strikes a patch the batsmem., as we all knowy. have not much cfcanoe ? or? doijng big things.. For- instance, that ball whiuhJCoored Jones yias good enough to beat any b^^ban in the world. It was a spl^cdid k^^H^ and pitching on what Palmer irinnelf -*Hpd ' & ovely little spot ' — that is tosay, a»s^-t which ntiu cecoine worn, orumuutt, . ana.' an-sty — tne hall broke back fully three- iiiche*. scul easily got through, oven the strong.- defence of th? butsm&n; mentioned. Aliik, Baniiennau wus sent to the rightabout' by an almost similar ball; nn-T Mows- aiti' came t» grief;., clean bowled by Tahnar,. who h&I; this, fijie. leftrhanded Bstsmren. completelf in a- knot during the- tiino he was at tho -wickets. C. Bonncrmaoi was caugit andbowled by Palmer, owing to u; defect in tHo pitch, which caused tho bull to ris* suddeiiy usfc as the .batsman phvjed'hard. forsrard at it ; and Miut was caught by Walters, also off Pclmejr. llarr, however, was not beaten by the bull, his departur&.kiing: cuut-ed simply by 'amiss-hit. Btuce atly aided Pataer, and got rid of Murdoch (who Dlnyed »n), Garrett, Hid idleston, and O'Hnnlon. The New South Welshmen themselves suy they isaght to have made more runs, and! that the pitch was not nearly bo much in. fuvour of the Ixwler as the small total would seem to indicate. This may be so, bnt it is noae the lews a fact that scarcely one of them seeaied able to play Palmer, and that he and Bruso sent them to the pavilion in rapid succession, so that if tho condition of tho wicket had but little to uo. with the fiasco, then either Palmer- and Bruco must have been in exceptionally fino form, or the Sydney men must, for tiw; time being, have lost their bat ting powers Palmer could get no -work on in the first Innings, when the wicket WB9 as smooth as a billiard table.' Tho same writer says : — ' That the members of the fourth Australian Eleven have since their return lost all tho good opinion they gained by their splendid play in England is patent to any ordiuary and impartial observer. On all sides their action as a.teum 'has boon 'condemned in tho strongest torms. And now that they act not as a team but aa individuals they are pur suing; exactly the same course which called forth tho well merited censure of tho Pre3s. Mr. Major, tho selector of teams, acting for our as Booiation, asked each playing member of the recently-aisDanaeu team n. no wouiu piay in the combined match against the English men. Xn each caso Mr. Major received a refusal, and so it is to bo placed on record that those men, which have all their timo at their disposal, and could easily play, deliberately slight tho association and tho cricket public of the colony. Tho public desire to seo tho best team in Australia meet the Eng lishmen, but rather than pleaso tho public these mim -nrcfer to vent thoir petty Btrito by doinsr all in their power to keep a few pounds out of the pookets of our English prof ossional visitors, who make their living by orioket. It is even alleged, on good authority, that not content with keeping out of the maion themselves, they, or some of them, in tho worst possible spirit, have used every endeavour to prevent other Aus tralians from playing. It is much to be re grottod that in one or two cases they have been successful, but generally birds of a feather flock together. Our association should show some backbone in this matter, and take notice of those rofusals. If ovory member of the recent Australian team disappeared from the country to-morrow, oriokot would- still flourish in tho land. Indeed, according to thoir aotion since thoy camo back, it would bo a gooilithing for Australian oncKet U moy nover played here again. They have done all thoy can to destroy tho good feoling between Eng lish and Australian oriokotars, and to injuro the good name Australia deservedly enjoys for oitcidkig kindness and generous wolcome to. ?rfaitorg Thoyhave shown no manliness, no courtesy! no spark oi kindly fooling whatever to^our English friends. I wonder how our men would feolif they woro similarly treated in England. What would thoy think if W. Q-. Grace and the best men of England refused to meet thom at Lord's or Kcnniugton Oval V1' Out of tho 33 intercolonial matches played Victoria has won 19 and New South Wales 14. A fow days' ago, relates a Molbourno paper, somo passengers by ono of the oucnn-^oing steamors woro afforded the opportunity of ob serving NOino of the distinguishing features in tho young Australian character from an athlotic point of view. A fow of thom returning to their vessel after tho customary survey of Williainstown and its surroundings, invariably indulged in by new arrivals, camo on two juvenile emulators of thoir renowned Austra lian countrymen in the cricket urcuu, close to tho Williamstown Kailway Pier. The one, who evinced Murdoohian tendencies, essayed his best to out and drivo ; whilo tho other, with equal assiduity, delivered pnny round annors with* all the Spofforthian stylo ho was competent of. Ono of the passengers being of a sportivo turn playfully offered to bet the youngsters a shilling that thoy could not bowl him out in six balls. The poor urchins were without tho necossary mone tary equivalent to oover tho wager, but an older countryman, jealously patriotic, dived his hand into his trousers' pocket, and the necessary twentieth of a sovereign was soon planked. Tho ' now chum' handled the willow, and the elder of tho native pair tho ' leather.' A break to the off, with a sudden ourl to tho wicket, disposed of tho Britisher's money. Determined not to bo beaten, he renewed the wager, and was again defeated. This put him on his mettle, and, tg curtail tho story, these two representatives of Australian cricket repeated the doso so often that tho tins* senger at length left tho sccno minus over il sovereign. It is satisfactory to learn (says a Melbourne paper) that the managers of the English cricket team have agreed to allow tho committco of tho North Pitzroy Cricket Ground 10 per cent, on the proceeds of tho match proposed to be played on tho 28th and 30th March between the visitors and 18 juniors. The money will be devoted to the improvement of the ground, which is hold under trust from tho Fitzroy Council. In view of the interest taken in junior cricket, the venture .should prove a decided monetary success. It is stated that Bonnor and Palmor intend to settle down in Sydney and Brisbane respec i tively . Tlr» latter cricketer will be a decided I loss to the bwling strength of Victoria. What everyone says ; — That the Qiroenslandcrs aro going/ to lower tlw Englishmen's colours. That nobody Relieves it bnt the local players. Tfcnt the Selection Committee will hwve a lot of trouble to give- satisfaction in fliefr final selection. That Gardiner oaght to hare-a place in the team. That both Gymrie and Miiryborougi' ex pect, to top the Brisbanes score' agains* the professionals. That the Brisbaues' think they uron't haw a ghost of a chance. That some players are vowingr vengeance against the Selection Committee for the omis^ siou of their names fromi the practismg'list. That the wicket on which tho gaa»t matolr will be played* ought to be receiving- attention. : That the long- grass in the Queen's Park oapht to be cut) down. ' That the Q.W.B. Club will shortly be- »on e«t. : That other clubs will be strengthened thereby. : A New Aujesthetic. — A new and' what |promi«!8 to be a most important discovery to the- medical profession was recently aaade ithroogh pure acciiifent by a German student, Iwho- had occasion to experiment with hrdro ?chlorate of cocaine:- Getting some by accident iin his eye, he was umsized to find that it caused the surface to become insensible to all f eeiihgf. A\few days since this anaesthetic was triertlby utpromiuent oculist, -who had occasion to per form :m operation for* the removal of a cataimct irom a woman's eye, and with the greatswt success. Her eyelid^ were held wide open, tied four drops of tho liquid Wiiro cautiously dropped upem the surfaco of.' the eyes. It produced »- slight anscsthetio effcet upon the external coating; After an interval' of five minutes, four drops moro were applied^. which caosed theinsensible condition to extend-, deeper, and after waiting another fiva minutes, four drops- more wero used!. After the last application had done ife»- work, the sensation of the eyes was tested., and they Tvere found bo so- entirely anaesthe tised that tho very severe Mid otherwise painful', operation^ was performed without the slightest pain tothepationt. . Hydrochlorate of cocaine is the-active principle of cocoa. An amesthetic that -would render a particular part of tho human body without sensation, and avoid the necessity of using chloroform or ether, has long been sought, and this new discovery will be thoroughly, tested and ez^erimented with, in the hope that it may be found to have an effect upon other portions oi' the body than the eve. Autosiatic Tobpedoes. — There is, we hear, now under construction uttho works of the Pratt and Whitney Company, Hartford, Con necticut, under the direction of Mr. George E. Haight, one of the Lay-Haight torppdoes, which is- to- be submitted to- a foreign Govern ment fonapproval before a contract for a num ber of these naval weapons-is concluded. The Lay-Haight torpedo is a rigar- shaped vessel 30 foot loug, and about 30' inches in diameter in its control and largest part. It carries a charge of.: an explosive ihiits forward end. sufficient to blow to pieces tho largest and strongest ironclad afloat. In the after com partment and amidships are- placed the gene rator, the engine, the steering apparatus, and tho propeUor shaft, and at the outer end the propelleti Adjnstable nuHere determine the depth cxtder water, and direot the course of tho torpedo. One of these destroyers can be sent from theshore or from an, anchored ship, a distance- from a mile to- two miles, being guided in. its course by the operator, at the fixed starting point, by means of wires and electriiity.- The now torpedo . under notice is being made of sheet copper instead of sheet steel, Hie material of -which most of tho Lay Haight torpedoes hav»- hitherto boon con structed. Tho engines; whioh are to drive tho propeller are six in cumber, or rathor the engine* ie. a group of six cylinders working sync&renously; with a. speed that will develop about 1;000 revolutions of tho screw propeller per mihute. It is osJouhited, and confidently believed; that the velocity of this torpedo ?will! bo almost, if not qntto, 20 miles an hour, at . a depth below the surfaco of from 30 to 48 inchas- . As. tho torpedo tawePs a distance of two miles in fix minutes, it will give littlo opportunity fou the crew of a Tessel to be attaokedlto tcJco defensive measures, even if thoy couluidebect its starting and determine its approach.. The motive power of the engine is carbonio aciiligUB. — European Mail. ???.:? ' , About Heaith. — Thoro is nothinBvmoie'in vigorating, more tonic, and refreshing:- iihan a cold ablution. Moreovor, it makes ono feel clean and sweet and wholesome and' ikaproves our physical constitution, and likewise our moral oharaoter. A dirty man haft often a dirty mind. A man who has once tbnaroughly washed himself, immediately afterwords resents tho presence of what is stale and sour. He will not ondure a stuffy room or oifensivo drain with tho forbearance with wliiclii he tolerated it in his unwashed state, whon ho- carried about with him a cognate atmosphere. Tho habit of cleanliness will teUt all round — in Iub house, his family,, and daily surroundings. Skin cleanliness haB a great effect on tho assimilation of food. It has been proved that pigs that aro washed put on a fifth moro flesh than pigs that are unwashed. Indeod, in well-ordered, first-class stables, horsoB are washed from head to foot daily,' and the work is considered to bo remunerative. Skin oloanliness is certainty a great preserva tive against passing ', epidemida bridv ngainsfr. visitations of tho inost iujootlous arid o6ntafricUB diseases. Exporionoed trained nurses, rogiilniisly attending soarlatina patients, giv'e thomesV»es regularly head to foot ablutions twico * day and a ohange of olothoa onoo a dayVHSoap-'On'd water should be used at leaSrytwice-'' Ja the twenty-four hours to tho face and hawfa, and the whole body should bo Bpongod.pnsft.daily. 'What can I do for yon; »my HUrto man!' she asked. 'Idunno,' said Sam. .'Mamma told mo to ask for a coke or pio, aa I did lost time, and I'm sorter at a losa to know what else you've got in your pantry anyhow ; but I can put up with 'moat anything that's, handy.' 