LAI>¥ RAYEXMILf/S SECRET. CI-IAPTF.R XIX. That night Nellie could not sleep ; she went to bed between eleven and twelve like the rest of the household, but could not even close her eyes. The events of the last few days seemed burnt into her brain, and now it was Mrs. Derwent, now it was Hugh, who seemed enacting whole past scenes over and over again. ... She gazed at the fire, watching it slowly, slowly "sinking lower and lower but the later the hour the more wakeful she felt. She tried to divest her mind, she counted a hundred, she reckoned the pattern on the paper of the room, up and down and across, all in vain, and she was as wide awake as ^There was nothing for it but to read her self to sleep, so she rose and hunted about the room for a book, but no book could she find, nnd she now remembered she had taken it downstairs to the morning-room. The morning-room was a long way off, a very great number of twisting passages had to be travelled over between her apartment and that, but the house was quiet, she would see no one, and she would go. So slipping on a very elegant white cash mere dressing-gown and a pair of shoes, she started off candlo in hand down the corri dor, down the passage, down the stairs, she crept as noiselessly as possible, and made her way to the very place where she had ' laid down Whyte Melville's latest novel. How odd and empty and silent the. room looked by the light of one candle! What horrid dark corners it had! She pulled back a curtain and looked out, it was a clear starry night now; a slim young moon was overhead, and all the park lay under a thick' coverlet of snow. Ugh! how cold it looked, and what was that noise? she asked herself—a creaking in the wainscoat(| the swinging of an outside shutterwas it the ghost ? Her heart beat as loud as the. ticking of a clock ; if she saw anything she was sure she would die. She was excessively frightoned, down in the lower part of the great, silent house all alone, and snatching up her candle she fled, without even looking behind her, up the big, shallow oak stairs, along the corridor, and into the west wing. But, alas ! just as she turned a corner a malig-, nant blast from one of the many draughts blew out her candle, and left her with noth ing but a smoking wick. ,, . She was morti frightened than ever as she: began to grope about, along the Avails, feel ing for doors, for any known landmark, and feeling in vain, for it seemed' to her hours. At last she came upon a familiar . turning , and oh, joy! there was a door with a light under it—her own door—hei* own fire. • Without a moment's hesitation she turned the handle and walked in." It was not her room, not at all like it. \ Miserable - wretch,,: she had mistaken the turning.. ..She was in the bachelors' wing 1 No gorgeous: toilet: tables, cheval glasses or wardrobes^were to be seen; everything was plain, masculine looking and comfortable. ,. The room was empty Nellie soon disj covered ; the bed unoccupied and uridis-; turbed. A dress-coat lay upon it as if thrown off in a hurry; a Tire burned upon; "the hearth—a fire that hnd evidently^ been: banked 'up to last for the night;- two candles,; burned nearly down ...to,: . theiv sockets, glimmered on thechimney,7p1e.ee, and ' a small round clock between them slowly chimed out " two." ' A; roomy armr chair was drawn up near the fire as if await ing, the. return'-of. the .tenant .of tlus very, comfortable apartment, oiv the hea.rth.-rug iust beside it lay a letter.wide open, the first; page turned upward and seeming to chal-;: lenge, attention. Nellie's [sharp, eyes hacl; read the first three lines almost before,she. knew what she was-doing, for the writing' was very large arid plain and black. f Dear Hugh-—I shall expect you to-: night, let nothing detain you.' . Nellie withdrew her eyes and >. slopped, back as if slie had' seen a reptile. : So. this was her .husband's room. . She, recognised' it now*by Rosie Wallers love-letter!' \ , Of! course he had- gone to keep, his-ap pointment. Supposingshe ,\yere;to .wait,up: and reproach him like the traditional ,wifo,v and save herself a largo sum of money by presenting herself as Lady;'RavenWll;r;^No. —no! not to bo thought of,' she saicl, half; aloud, as she warmod her frozen, hand's over the blaze, in the firm conviction , that she would not be disturbed for hours.-: : It. was only two o'clock, the fire' was good; the, chair deliciously comfortable. - She felt a; kind of reckless pleasure in tampering with danger ; there was something very nove and thrilling in the sensation of sitting and ■warming herself at her husband's, fire, as slie would at the hoat of a volcano. Any moment, there might be an eruption, but meanwhile the sensation was new and piquante; She became bolder and bolder as she grew warmer ; she actually had the hardi-,. hood to pick up Rosie s letter in the, tongs and hold it over the flames, watching it curl, then turn biscuit-colour—brown-7-then flame up, and finally go sailing up . the, chimney in lazy black fragments. 1 f'o much for thot,' she said, aloud, put ting down the tongs and once more leaning back in the chair with her pretty little feet crossed on the fender, her arms crossed be hind her head, and her eyes fixed on the clock. ' I must be going soon,' she mut tered,' ' half-past two.' So saying she slowly rose and proceeded to relight her candle by one of those on the chinmev-piece, and as she was in the act of doing so, a kind of click, a turning of a lock, made her start and turn round, candlestick in hand... . , . It would be hard to say which was the most startled, lier husband or herself. ^ A door, which looked like that of a hanging closet, was wide open, and a sharp, bitter crust of wind came rushing up a corkscrew staircase after Lord Ravenhill, who started baok with his eyes rivetted on the white figure at the fireplace. His face was deathly pale, his top coat thrown wide open, and on his head a round felt liat. Escape unseen was out of the question for Nellie, and although Bhe and Hugh had not spoken to oach other for three days not since he had thrown the ring in the fire —yet, driven to desperation like a stag at bay, she determined to make the best of it, and on the instant had made up her mind to show a bold front, and carry off matters with a high hand . «Please to come m and shut the door, the 'wind, is enough to cut one in two. I must apologise for this intrusion,' she added, as lie obeyed her, ' I went down for a hook, and coming back my candle went out, and I found myself here. by mistake instead of in the other win p. Oh! what has hap pened to your hand ? ' she exclaimed, seeing iris shirt cuff .'and hand covered with blood. ' Only a cut,' he said. ' I'm afraid it's rather in a bad place, between the finger and thumb,' twisting his handkerchief still more tightly round it, and silting do wn on the nearest chair, as if completely exhausted. Lockjaw was the first thing Nellie thought of as she made a movement towards the bell. ' What are you going to do?' he said, sharply. ' Rouse the servants and send for a doc tor,' sho answered, without ft moment's hesi tation. ' Nonsense !' impatiently. ' Excuse me, but if you would not mind looking for my flask—it's on the tablo somewhere,' here his voice became almost inaudible, and beads of perspiration stood upon his forehead. Was he going to die, or faint, or what ? Nellie rushed to the table, turned out half the contents of his dressing-box, seized the flask, poured out some brandy, and held it to his lips. ' There, I'm better 1' he said, in a few minutes. ' I'm awfully ashamed to give you all this trouble, but I've sprained my arm, I'm afraid, as well as cut my hand; if you could tie it up for'me I should be so much obliged. Yon see 1 don't want to knock up the house/ ho added, candidly, 'and as you happened, to be on the spot-—, ' Oh, certainly, I'll do it, of course.' said Nellie, who had strong' nerves' and was handy with her fingers. ' I shall want some bandages".' '.; ...... 'Plenty of handkerchiefs over there in that sachet, and here's one,' drawing another out of his breast-pocket. In doing so, left handed and awkward as lie was, a bow of ribbon—a woman's bow—fell out on the table between him and his companion. She recognized it at once^—it was Rosio'sj —she had worn it that evening at the cot-' tage, a bink and white-checked ribbon bowi in theskapc of a true lover's knot. - Nellie felt inclined, to .throw the, token in his face, ! rush out of the room,; and leave him to his I own resources, butlie looked so unconscious of any harm, so white and so haggard, that she thought belter of her impulse, and-pro ceeded'to. bathe|'plaster, and bind his. hand to the best of her ability. . . . He seemed in great' pain from his arm, but tried to make, light of it, and to; smile his thanks and praise, of her. surgical skill, i ' I think you ought to have something done to your arm,' she, said, imperatively, ' See how it has swelled up. . Your sleeve ought to be'cut.' : ; ' Bpt you can do that 1' he replied, eagerly. ' I don't want anyone to 'know that I was out( to-night, if it can be helped. I was obliged to go on business—-private business —and coming homo in a hurry,I. was so blinded . with the. snow- that, instead of jumping: the wall in' the usual place,' I went ab.out forty yards to the left, and landed in a stone'quarry-r-not-a: deep one, but still: it was a lonjg drop, and trying to sa.ve; myself I did' flits' holding lip his wounded arm;* ' . .' Why could you not do your business in the '-daytime' ?' 'said Nellie, caustically. ••' ••• , ' Impossible, in this instance,' he uttered, calmly,''arid I wish' rnyoutihgto be' kept, a profound secret. Can I trust you '—look ing at her anxiously—' it Sis almost a matter of life and death. Perhaps that is saying too .much; at any rate, it. is of the most vitai consequence.' : ; ■ ; ' Yes, you may trust me,' said Nellie. ' I am rather a good hand at keeping a secret,' she . added,''impressively. /' I know >more than, j'ou think; but, of course, it is no affair of mine,' snipping, as she'talked, all1 round the sleeve of his coat, and gentlj'.'drawing it over his swelled and sensitive arm". ' What do j'ou know?' he demanded, in credulously. ' - ' '.... 'Oh, never mind.! : I'm afraid that what; I know is not^1 much to your credit, Lord Ravonhill!' • . . (-.' Thatshows you know nothing,' he said, quietly., : 'I daresay, you will hear mo ac cused, of. something, that wjlf surprise you very much ; but I have no more to do witli it—I am'as innocent of it;as you are your-, self. , I—but no matter,' and liere he closed jiis eyes,,leant l>aok.-ra'.tlip,o^r^and'jooked as if he were going to faint again. ' f Between binding up his hand, and reliev ing his arm; arid huritirig!fcir-'various reme dies,, such as sticking-plaster,. ,eau-de cologrie, &c.;,. time had gone rapidly,; It was nearly four o'clock wheii Nellie left her patient and stole noiselessly back to her own cold, dark, (cmpty room, and crept into bed at last. - ' . (to-be continued.) 