CLOSED ROADS. (abgue, kov. 13.) Tee discussion on the unused roads in tbe Assembly was a chapter of accidents. In disposition prevented Mr. McLean from pro ceeding with his address in the first in stance, and apparently did not allow him to make an effective whip on hie own account afterwards. The motion that the crass on unuseu roade at present taken for nothing should be paid for in tlie future was only negatived by two votes, and Mr. Service, Mr. Lerferd, and Mr. M In tyre stated yesterday evening that if they hail known that a division would be taken, they would have remained— and their presence would have converted the majority into a minority. The jiasco is to be regretted, more es pecially as, according to the rales of the House, there can be no reversal of the decision this session. The proposal itself is not new, and the opposition to it always presents some remarkable features. Accord ing to Mr. A. T. Clark, Mr. Langridge, Mr. Laurens, and other civic authorities, the grass on unused country roads ought not to be utilised. It is illegal, this school of poli ticians say, for sheep or cattle to grase upon the same ; and though tbe trespass goes on, and is, in fact, unavoidable so long as sheep arc possessed of mouths and appetites, yet tbey heroically declare that they will not condone tbe practice by taking pay ment. Kext come in a class of objectors who aver that if the grass were yearly sold the roads would never be recovered. As ten times the area of tbe roads is let on annual grating licences, and Is recovered without difficulty — without the ghost of a dispute — there can scarcely be said to be much force in the contention. And there is the amusing circumstance, that this particular objection comes jfroxn the champions of tbe land nationalisation. Dr. Quick, for instance, who declares that, once put land nnder licence, and it is gone for ever, formerly figured as an exponent of the doctrine that the state can part with the whole of its domain to agriculturists on long leases, and can resome possession at pleasure. Possibly the member for Sandhurst has seen the error of his ways. We are glad to notice such a conversion. The change is creditable to the intelligence of the convert, but it must be pointed out that there is no necessity to rush to the other extreme, and to mft-infatin. In tbe face of facts, that the state cannot venture to grant a precarious tenure to graziers. However, the cause of common sense has never been so near to a victory as it was on this occasion ; and, as time rolls on, the fact that £45,000 per atinnni is to be had for the asking, will probably make more and more impression npon local bodies with roain roads to maintain. If deserts count, no member is more sure of a seat in the new House than Mr. M 'Lean, and we shall hope to congratulate him next year on the suc cess which he so nearly obtained in the present session. 