Visit of tlie Bishop of Goulburn. I Afl briefly notified ia Saturday's GatftU, the Bishop of Goulburn, accompanied ay Mrs Thomas, arrived at Bega on Friday afternoon. From Bodalla a conveyance was furnished to Cobargo by Mr. Mort. Hera a halt was made on Thursday, at Mrs. Hardy's Hotel. At a meeting in the ohuroh the question was discussed of pro viding a clergyman lor Oobargo_ and im mediately surrounding district, including Diguam'e Creek. Bermagui, Wandella, Tilba, and possibly on to Dry Biver or Brogo. Several heads of families promised an annual subscription towards a clergy- , man's stipend, ana it is believed that the necessary £260 a year can be raised. The prospect seems so encouraging that we believe we are justified in stating that Oobargo will soon haveats resident clergy man. -,. Messrs the Churchwardens R. Bitcme and J. Jauncey met the Bishop at Oo bargo, with buggies, and started _ on Friday for Bega. Many Bega parishion ers went out for a couple of miles on the Moruya road, in buggies audon horseback, to meet the Bishop and escort him to town. , SUNDAY MORNING". On Sunday morning service was held at St. John's, and the Bishop preached the sermon from the text m Hebrewsl—5: *■ And again when he bringeth in the first- begotten into the world, he saith, And let all the angels of God worship | him." The sermon was intended to show that the teaching of Holy Scripture* and of the christian Church in all ages, is and and had been that the Son of God is di vine in the same sense in which the Father and the Holy Spirit are divine, ever that he is " very God of very God." From this it follows that His claim, when He requires men to honor Him even as they honor the Father, is just. THE CONFIRMATION. For weeks past the vicar of the parish, the Bev. George Spencer, has patiently and anxiously devoted time to the in- J straction of a large number of candidates i for confirmation. The rev. gentleman is not one who says much about his work, but from the few remarks we have heard we infer that the candidates have pleased the Vicar by doing well to prepare for the solemn responsibility of renewing their baptismal vows, and that the Vicar's care and attention have been so far rewarded that he was able to present on Sunday 105 candidates from Bega and 2 from Wolumla. The confirmation service began at three o'clock; every part of the church was densely crowded, and many who arrived late could not gain admission. Dressed in white, and with white cays, tho can didates oocupied the central seats of the church, and both the Vicar and friends of the young people will be pleased to know that the Bishop was much impressed_ by their devout and reverent behaviour throughout the ceremony, and by their hearty responses. The order of service was as follows -.—After the hymn, " On ward Christian Soldier," the Vicar read the Litany, which was followed by the hymn, "dome Holy Ghost," and the readiLg of the preface by the Bishop, who then delivered the confirmation charge, in which he explained that confirmation had been practised by the church in all ages from the beginning of Christianity until now', tbat the essentials were the laying on of hands and prayer by one of the chief pastors of the church (rhe Bishop) that \ the candidates might receive the Holy Ghost and be strengthened in their pro- j fession of the Christian faith; there could 1 be an inward spiritual grace bestowed j upon those who were willing and anxious t) receive it, the grace being what is j termed in the Holy Scriptures the gift of ; the Holy Ghost. At the conclusion of ( the charge, which was more than ordin- j arily impressive, and during which the Bishop was manifestly much affected, the candidates stood to " ratify and confirm in their own persons the solemn promise and vow made at their baptism, acknow ledging themselves bound to believe and do all those things then undertaken for them." All present then knelt while the Bishop prayed that the candidates might be strengthened by the Holy Ghost the Comforter. In sections of twelve they were then conducted by the Vicar to the altar rails where, kneeling in order before the Bishop, he laid his hand upon the bead of each separately, saying, "Defend ( 0, Lord, this thy servant, with thy heavenly grace, that he (or she) may con tinue thine for ever, and daily increase m thy Holy Spirit more and more, until he Sor she) come unto thy everlasting king Lorn." This part of the ceremony con cluded, the Bishop returned to the pulpit, ' and addressed to these newly confirmed many kindly words of fatherly counsel ' apd advice. The hymn " 0, Jesus,_I have j promised " was then sung, and whilst the I offertory was read a collection was made, after which the Bishop reoited the con cluding prayer of the confirmation serviw and dismissed the congregation with his blessing. Evening Service. The church was again filled at evening service. The Bishop preached from the general epistle of James, V. 16 and fol lowing verses, " The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much."(or,as the new version reads "the supplication of a righteous man"). "Elias was a man subject to like passions as we •re, and be prayed earnestly that it might not rain, and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six . months. And he prayed again, and the , heaven gave rain, and the earth brought forth her fruit." The sermon insisted upon the efficacy of prayer, especially in times of distress. As in the case of Elias Scripture showed.that prayer for rain was not only sanctioned but enjoined. Collections made at the several services amounted to £14, which will be devoted to the funds of the Church Society of the Diocese. .... Mention must not be omitted of the or ganist and ohoir; it has been remarked that the singing on Sunday was hearty and spirited at all the services, and that the musio at St. John's has deoidedly im proved. . On Monday the Bishop received num bers of visitors at the Vicarage. Tester- | day, he and Mrs. Thomas were driven to visit Mr. Gowing, Mr. James Manning, I and other parishioners. | This being the month to renew all licenses issued under the Gunpowder Aot, 40 Vio., No. 1, vendors of and per sons storing explosives are reminded that they are liable to heavy penalties should they not hold the requisite authority for these purposes. Any informant, on oon viotion of any person or persons so offend ing against the law, is entitled to be awarded a moiety of the penalty whioh may be imposed for selling explosives witnaut a license—a fine sot exseeding £100; and for storing powder in premises which may be searched on a warrant of any fuetioe of the peaoe, a fine not ex ceeding £60, with a forfeiture of all ex plosives then being in such premises, 