j CHRISTMAS PAST PRESENT. AND FUTURE hi onns> lion :th the K»ct Mclltonrnt 1-, Urun Chin th thrro o noi-ia! union. »hi. !i is doing much good among the alhereut of the denomination. The President is the Hert.eorgs Wallets, and the Vtte presidents. Mr H. U. Tnrner end Mr Wybert Reeve, tho accomplished actor end dramatic enthor. There is alio an active committee of ladies and gentlemen to direct the operations of the society. Recently competitive wsji on "Christina. — peat present nnd future" ware called for, aad fonr wan seat la. They wen read at tha maat- tagaf tha Cnioaoa let December, when tha on printed below secured ,7 votes, while II votes in all were distributed among th other throe, to that th ealeotioa war certainly decisive. It wm subsequently found that tha writer wm Mi Orr, of Kinhvaa, Xortbcote. Th following ia tha assay Than ia something inspiring in th warm grasp of a friendly hand, and th thrilling toaaa of a silvery voice, when the aalatatioo, " A Merry Xmaa " gnat onr ear. Childhood, youth, aad old ago alike look for ward with pleasure to th coniiag of this feativt maaoo, vietug with each other woo shall give It th heartiest walcowa. I retrace the curraat of my thoughts 36 yasra backwards, and in Imagination look upon a Ian gathringin the daar aid mother country in I860. One of my earliest reoollections la of a cherry farm hoc am tied ia a vary scrub of honey suckle, eweotbriar, aad hawthorn, what amongst th crispy golden corn I used to gather tha bright scarlet popples and deep bias oarnfloware Xo Albania youth was praodm ot hia lauiwla thaa I af my wild flower, aad it waa with a joyous heart that I moonted my donkey each morning and rode to th nearest vUUag echooL Bat tbo eummor is peat, aad tb scar let hawe ninrp tha place of sweat scented flowers, while Dibhio floaadars along with difficulty 'mid showers of saowflikos that make him and hia harden look mora like a groteeqoa crystal ghost thaa a impacts hia donkey. X.tm mind Old Dibb, ramus bar Fatbet Chriatmaa viete aa to-night, and hia whit lock and flowing board en anally oovand with glittariag icy diamonds. Hsigho for door old Dibbina and th florione frolics w enjoyed together. How I sobbed whoa A vvmm mmaan m wm w wuvvit mum M>vy BfilVI VlV bifi to s&sors; his fator hoppiaoso. Fotbtr Xdu is cloo# apon no, mui ba royal piBctssion can oqnal ia tandor bio saita. His chariot ta conposod of tha finest fltacj flokre, o light and airy that thay away to and fro in tha air lika myriads of dancing fairies. Ench n datxling retinae Is n tight to ad mire. Now they separate, nnd some of the most beautiful settle themselves on the branches of trees, others en the hones tops, while a few more frigid thaa tha rest keep aloof entirely aad hang gracefully from the tiles, like migic wands of pniest crystal. So oar soot ar tnsy in their endeavors to benatify all natnie, that not n spot escapes them, and onr lorelr aarth, a« far as eye can rahch, is one ause ofsilcsry white. And why do these feathery flakes take all this trouble t Why, to welcome Father Xmas, of coarse. We fire him a grand birthday fete once a year, to which all tba world is invited. None of yoer stiff, frigid affairs eithtr, for old and young, rich and poor, grjre and gay, Jack and hta master, all help to swell the throng. Tho Tale lot blazes on the tire, the crocked voice of an old woman sings the time-worn carol "God rest yon oil merry gentry, let nothing you dismay, Ac., do." With fealings of admiration, not unmixed with awn, the children gaze oa a mystic doll, cradled in a box under her woolen sboel, with vague ideas that it ta the very Saviour alluded to in her coroL The mistletoe hasgs in the hall, while the hones, lit np from attic to oallar, ta radiant with tori and holly. Nothing approaching tnch festivity has been sen lines the ecd of lest year, nor will it be again until Fathnr Xmas ta another year older. Ins firmety is simmering on the kitchen fire, which it has mooopoltaed to tha cxdasion or whihs17 pvw rbu miubb ipr own pass, on# coo jo, on. chudrea race to and fro with wondoriog eves to watch th babble. Hot a spot In tim bone (even including Cookie's domaint) ii sacred at tbia fmtiva raaeon, socookia doe likawia by taking a swing and a kits nndor the hall mistletoe, and came for nobody, for " Ian comn but one a year." Bo aill te happiness aad jov, till tha clock BtrikM twelve, whan inpar thought, take pos session of tba mind, blending in thanksgiving for the advvnt of that Saviour whs brought 'Good Tidings of Groat Joy," nnd proclaimed "Pane on Earth and Good WiU to Kan." The thatches an filled, organs pael forth choral aatbtms af thanksgiving to n merciful Father who 0 loved th euiful children of tta hoawifnl world he had mad in tlx days, that He duelled fnm the twginning Hie only aad ilnlem eon to n crnal doathj to appease Hi anger oa thair behalf. Bach wa th universally adopted theory in the Christmas of tha past, and woe betide the person who dared to doubt ite justice 1 the gentle Huaran in his day wa not mors de spised thaa that free thinker. W ahull aooa be called upon to welcome Xmas of 1886 ia onr happy Austral homes, bnt it will bear very little resemblance either in iu aodal or theological upset to tb plum podding dissipation! of onr youth. A childhood ia eneeaadad by teeraaaad thought aad wisdom, an onr childish idea consigned to oblivion along with the dolls aad fairy tain of that period. I would not for a moment disparage th toys and legends 10 dear to childhood, boliaving them to bo almost aa useatial aa exereia aad raiment. Still, as in due timt, th blossom most giv way to matured and man useful f rait, eo also will fdgh >t interests take the place of toys, and dsepnr thought that at Action. Bo it is with tba affairs of lit; w ai only just beginning to realise th troth aad baanty of HU teachings, Whoa annivarsary we are about to oatebrate- That it ia batter to " Feed the hungry," "Cloth tha naked," aad" Do we would be dona by," thaa to wast time aad energy on dogmas of childish superstition. uat it ia aooiar aaa wiser to wore oat onr own salvation by loading a good life, than to hold tha cowardly creed that a juat person waa deetiaod to suffer for th unjust, to apposes th wrath of a loving Father. If our law courts were to adopt this method of dispensing jnntiee, what a revolution it would causa, and with good reason. The coming Xmas wOl be greeted quit as warmly ae its predecessors, although the manner of boldingll may b (lightly altered. It has for ages pael been a season ot festivity, even before th ad vent of tha Prophet of Hasentb, and tb memory ot his heroic life and death will not lessen its interest. Each succeeding anniversary oonflrme th fact that Hia foUowars understand Hia praoepta man deafly, and net upon them more practi cally, n proof of which is the increasing number of charitable institutions, and the required donations for keeping tham np. We notiaa this more especially at Christmas time, when humanitarians exert themselves to collect funds for their lem fortunate brothers, and sneh nppeala are mora liberally responded to every year. Nor ara onr feativitin forgotten. Railways, steamboats, nod every available vtticl is crowded with pleasure seekers, who (thanks to onr genial climate) out transport themsolvM along with th necessary plum pnddiog, gooe or turkey, to th picnic ground by tba am shore, or ont in th bueh ee they prefer. Picnics, social gatherings of every kind, nnd pantlmM, are the necessary accompaniments of Chriatmaa in tho land of th Kangaroo, Old even public companies nn Imbibing ins Master's spirit, by granting every facility, (cheap (ana included) for th aocommadation of tha people oa thera shores. Will th Christmas of tb future differ very materially (rasa th prment on t If tho march of ptsmran hoops on nt the astounding spoed of tn laet few year, then it will ba eiftod and altered by the whirling eddies of the tide, lika many other iaetitntiooe. Icon hardly conceits it possible after the musing bounds edantlflc knowledge hm taken sas or»; WISWHW| NHto If IM VWIIMHW IH fKW' lent rapid pacs. Old theorie have baan revolution is ed and up- sat by reoaat scientific discoveries, aad now we may have a little bienthing spaoe that th saw may ba universally aooepted. Than I have no doabt that piuanMlon and new disoovariae will oontlnne, until anr earth shall, in soma manner, be linked with th realms of fntnrity, so that ag"—'-1— will ba- 00m impoMibla, It ie, I think, within th bsnnda of poaeihility that th much -dreaded change, erroneously called " Death," may bamadtfiad ; and that wa, lika tba dmpised grab, may take another form m easily as it becoam a gorgeous butterfly. Christmas will novor be mtinly forgotten. As adoration become mora general, ohari table imtitatioa will likely become mora ooral.te, btraom tabor aad capital may bo linked together ia tho bond of bralhoinood, m to mak povmty uapoMlble. People will find It ia to tovir iatormt to b thrifty, and regelate their mod of Uf# to aa tare's lawa, ondsmUad- iag that when benefit! tho mom benefits tim in dividual, aad vie verve. It ie oven pomlhle It uaj be discovered that Jlum padding ie ant essential for a Xmas inner in n hot idlmato, at aay rat lor thai who poeaaM livetm, aad are painfully aware of lh# net If/bt th earn time, those Irritating email Heme, - Christ mm hill (whloh don't improve # nervM) oonld oten hoehefleked, Urn isinoo nMrali'lff''talat, ami th ownl ItepsJTX teanM mkmhiamim TM-.i tf le .iifteif.'M I., ' » Mt-. '"utirnc I'rf- t \ -fi t Hut tlso »'lif i-tniAS revellfrn of th<\- fnturowii!, o iloul't, itl'fli-h Oieni entin-ly, tn oouij'xni it h til time pij (rent Rv«tfiui. whifh will tetvi uiAteriAlIy towaniR making h«ppy fretix'#!#. Amid tlie turtuiMi and fxcicemsnt ol Advene- >ng sgcR, the anns of Ri-ientists and philenthro- lyptv to #lev#ie the whirling msilRtrom of ths living mass, Xuioa will long contiaae to iplsj its psrt. In out tdorted 1#ndf we m#y hmve hut few X mas bells blending their silvery peals with our balmy atmosphere; not tb# myriad snow- flak ee that lend their ermine mantle to deck the leaflets treee of other climes; yet we have their eauivafent. Docs not onr trackless bush abound with soenee of sylvan splendor, the larnriaot foliaft of the golden wattta and toworiug blnckwood tret, on whore bong he flit bird of fomoae plnmego t Hat# wo not oar metcblees gntliee, Invariant with choicest ferns, ae varied nnd nnaborloeeas tho enowflekee ; whore eryeUl creeks dash along over rocky bedo, necompaniad by tho drnm-frog'e music, and tbo enlemn walls of tbo nt lew? Then wo hevqoar frenlnl climate, nnd the HVWM4V6U vww ix an ih ipmaor, waore feathery spray washes nnaborltM pictareoqne bays, around which the kangaroo aad opoieum reijn npremo. It it a&ld; sconee inch at these th«t feelings of lova and reverence take possession of the mind, and tho eong ot thankfulness burets forth to relieve the pent-op testacy. Tie nt ench n moment we torn onr thonghto "From Nature np to Nature's God," aad with thankfnl hearts reeolve to be just to onr fellow- men, and faithful to onrrclvea. Thin, we feel enured, in our preeent life of pleasure nnd pain, ta the beet and oaf est way to ensure "? Merry ChtieUnae." Fextiv# Chrlstnae Is onr thame to might. And we have done onr bmt to shed mors flgM Upon thix xnhject ; hut alas ! lt seems 9 bat future speculation ar# but d reams. We kitow the uistorli' pest, the present—' we!), Yis Dot so hard to irue>e ; but who can tali What shall be. as the ages roll along, ml scientists upset tha groping throng With theories bold and won irons, If tres, Oeaibmntng aartant lore for log Ie now. hall ws rsstga th« firm bolief of »M Ta mingle wTtb ths Apes of Darwia fold 9 hades af onr forofAthen I |ak, if yoVre a Ma, Through something nobler than a thrnn lsg'ii tablA And spura this libel on your offspring cut : Ia spssi h cuaslnxl v#, pr»r mah# ctcor the psA They aaswsr — list, 'tis, I distinctlr bear. T# all, M A Happy Christmas and Nsw Yesn" 