An Australian Ghost -Story. Cae Christmas I received an invitation to a few weeks at a schoolfellow's farm up he north of Gippaland, so I packed up traps with alacrity, and in less than sire hours presented myself .at Jack oer's farm. ,hile seated at tea that night and making -?ilf thoroughly at home, I noticed a look are on the face of my friendquite foreign is jovial nature. On my inquiring the 5--he pointed out of the window--opening ' rds the mountains, at the foot of which ?,ibaw was situated, a remarkably lonely' :i iolated position-to a hut which had an -uamnce of desolation and disuse about canding alone in the field at some dis ,c from the house, and rapidly growing in the increasing twilight. -That hut is the bane of my existence, :'l." he said. "You know I have not long .s Tandibaw, and I'm afraid I shall have .'are it." ?Why, what's the matter with the hut?" I :ired. "It looks a good enough sort of :e. except that its ventilation is on rather extensive a scale, and that it wants a roof and the sides renewed." Ah I you may laugh, young man-please the bread-but I'm hanged if I can. :r's some ghastly story of the occupant that hut having been murdered by a -or owner of Tandibaw, and it's never :p opened since then. I have the key, but no use to me, for I wouldn't go inside." aty, Jack-another cup of tea, please rou're surely not superstitions 1" :No- o-" he returned; "but the place is Ito be haunted, and what I have seen is culated to make me so. Sometimes, in Sdarkness of a still, clear night, the most icalling yells and shrieks come from that i. Once I peeped in through the chinks the door, determined to investigate the ,tter. I saw in one corner of the hut a -eat white figure, with two eyes gleaming :rougl the gloom. It uttered some un trihlv words, gave a scream, and I cleared. :ov none of my fellows-and they're pretty nly-will :go near the place after night il1 for love or money. It's getting perfectly hbearable." I said it was very strange, but expressed :er disbelief in any ghost connivance, ion which he informed me that it had been diet for some nights, and so I might hear that night or the next. When it had i:wn dark and the tea things were cleared c.ay, we left the window open and sat down a game of draughts. I was just about to :vce in the third game, when, softened by re distance, but distinct and clear, came a -rill, sharp cry from the direction of the :;t. which so startled me that I involun sily tipped the board over and scattered -e men all over the floor. l.What did I tell you ?" said Jack, with he pride of a professional showman who io a real live ghost to exhibit to his -itors. I ran to the window and listened, but cadn n) more. Draughts were now out of he question, and for the rest of the evening oat thoughtful and silent. When bedtime rived I considerably startled my friend by holly saying-" Jack, I'm going to sleep in hat hut to-night." "You-are-wha-at 1" said Jack, with an •pect of horror. "I'm going to sleep in that hut to- night," repeated. " Well, of all the extraor- Oh I I say, ns know, are you stark mad ?" "No," I answered. "I'm in my properest ises, or I shouldn't think of such a thing." After a long time of vain dissussion Jack re in, remarking, sotto voce, that he sup -sed infants and maniacs had to have their an way, and we sallied forth, he with one elf of the bedding and a lantern, I with he other half, a thick stick, and a ball of nine: for I had my own ideas regarding he ghost. The news of my somewhat quixotic in tention had spread through the house, and 'uite a number of farm-hands had gathered ithe porch to see me off. At a little dis tance from the but I took the bundle which ryfriend had been carrying, also the lan era and the key, and forbade anyone :oming further with me; and after trying ace more to dissuade me from my purpose ed finding it as useless as before, Jack bade :za sorrowful good night, with the comfort ,g assurance that he never expected to see e alive again. He saw me enter and close he door, and then hurriedly returned to the :once. I will now continue the story with Jack's ;en words in detailing the denoueement to a paty of friends some days after. After pending-says Jack-a restless and almost sleepless night I arose with early dawn, and, by dint of great persuasion, induced some of the hands to accompany me to the hut, where I fully expected to see my friend siretched dead with fright. I advanced to the door, threw it open, and there-Jack was wont to exclaim with a burst of astonish nent-there he lay on his mattress, sound sleep and snoring, as if he had been in his own bed at home instead of in a worm-eaten, ghost-haunted hut I An old grey cockatoo, irmly fastened by a cord tied round his leg to the bar of a chair, was meditating on one leg with an appearance of great shame icedness at being found in a position of dlhonorable captivity, and occasionally threw out some disconnected remarks rela tive to Polly requiring his morning repast, and "Pop goes the weasel," as if they were xtenuating circumstances for his having been circumvented. While I gazed in mys tifed surprise. Will woke, and yawningly inquired-" 'hash time ?" until he became ealiciently awake to comprehend his situa tion and to remember the adventures of the night, when he sat up, and pointing to the bird and directing my attention at the same lime to a sheet, which, though yellow with age, and yet still retaining some of its pristine whiteness, hung from a rafter in the corner of the hut. "There," he laughingly maid, "there's your ghost I" This bird was the great pet of his murdered master, and on his death nightly returned through a hole in the roof to the place which had been his home. His appearance, com bined with the long draped sheet above which he perched, gave rise to the supposi tion that it was a ghost, while his screams and the utterance of the few words he had learned to say were taken for the mutter ings of a being from the nether world. Jack, who had been originally a town mouse, until he purchased Tandibaw (from a fancied lik ing for farming), knew, comparatively, noth ing of bush life, birds, etc., and was, there fore more easily deceived than I, my life having been spent in the country until I was compelled to change it for an existence in the metropolis. On first hearing of the ghost," I had my suspicions, but forebore to mention them till able to convert them into certainties. Having retired to my "sleeping apartment," 1 found the bird asleep, thus en abling me to capture it, hold it as a hostage, and obtain a night's rest, quite contrary to all expectation and prophecy. Many a plea sant day I spent at Tandibaw after this, and the owner has no idea of disposing of it now. On a stand next the fire, in winter, and in :he porch in the sunny summer, reposing in his old age, perches the terrible "ghost" of former days, 