AN AUSTRALIAN OHRISTMAS ANNUAL One can ecnrcely credit the f i : thv. o.gh half a century hu pa.?e,l away -nu e mat mo- morabia occuron when Dickcn. tr., veiled poet hute by chaise and diligence from Fl.reeee to London in order to road Old Marley's Ghost, The Cricket on the Hearth, and all m - <ek«r Clirietmne chimce to hi. friends. Ch irles i o-ter, Macliee und a few other Relea ppirm in tbe dingy o>d chambers at Lincoln a Inn. How many silver-haired grandfather or prcnaio pursey citizens of ths present day h:»ve "k«Pl their memories git en" of the time whe: they nubed to buy "thoss ingenious u!' ><)' tw Rightly hu Dickens been termed toe apostle of CbrLtmas tide. Naturuly huu of imitatora has sprung np, < tbo writers of Christmas book imaginm?. Ap parently, that the magic of the great ortpasi fay in Introducing into his tale such aucr " properties " as snow, ghosts, chiuiea, sn-UooS cheer. Thets copyists ose phrases as aurco- typed as sporting writer's descriptions of rr'-e, until st last — Intelligent compositor "set op " a story without the aid of an nitiior. At last, of late years, publishers have intro duced ar other style of the still popular Something gruesome or eeusauoaal is tos fashion low, sod the more realistic the better. Acting on these lines, Messrs W. Lnglis and bo- have just published a story by Toso layloMJ; titled " Euchred." The author is not j unknown to tba public, for recently he has p Listed a number of pleasing little poems, eluding the Australian National song, wbicfl was adjudged second place in the r® HiutAi.i> competition, in a entitled u Buds and Blossoms.' The story Euchred Is told in twenty chapters. If two recount the shuttle and cut, by wok hero and villain of the plot change names, ana the deal, which explains ths object of twj journey. Thus the characters ars brought Melbourne, and throughout till the datthoj up" we are treated to intensely local society and scenery, reference being made to em- . cent events aa tbe last Cup race, and desciip tions given of 8outh Yarra and ths al , explored country between Brightyn Be« > "J Higbclt rood. In stone, of thi. <je"' P M " Trie plot's tbe thing," and it aoM eo fair to reveal It. Suffice it to meet'on iM It. development two handsome Jee8 tM cousin, change name, with eech , . u next of kin to a fortune of a m llioa wanted, asd a lovely young girl with a lh8 ancle ie eappoeed to be the m real lnheritorof the million u what adventarea tha baro goes tiro eg bo give, « Euchre" to the And whan tbe reader haa di r'' of addition to pouoeeing the ' ll'ghi >». _ h,H heart, the btro aprlngi the,. the opponent by tha laetrumectelity f |UlB eriptton of tne eensationel arre.t of I ,tr pabliehcd in tha Hbualii, thee w . - that fiction, wild ae it may seeui, u nu. In tha wrong place. 