Yîctorian Sporting Notes (PBOM " MARTINDALE.") Tho fatal termination to the Caulfield Cup contest has thrown quite a ¡»loora over the sporting folk of the southern capital during: the last few days. From the first the Caulfield Cup race was a seiiBa+ional eveut. The long odds that oould be got against any- thing in it, and the great amount of money, were things to he wondered ¡vt. Then again the field was the rno3t numerous that has ever faced the flag for an important o vent in the southorn hemi- sphere. Only once did a greater number of horses put in au appearance on a colonial course, and that waa also at Caulfield, in a trophy event, won by Tho Ghost, when forty-two started. As I foretold in my last week's letter, tho start was long delayed, ar.d 'hen a wretched ono. Mr. Watson, the "prinoe ol' starters," as he is alwayB termed, may have been a heaven-born one, but his son is not, and we have rarely seen worse in New South Wales. According to the pcoplo down at the starting post (and there were many capable of judging), it was no start at all. At least thirty of the horses were past the post ; Too Too was some dozon lengths up the rnnning, and turning round to come back again. Thon, to make matter« worse, the starter, on a somewhat fraotiouB gray horse, deliberately stood orossways in front of Despot, Vision, and Coriolanus, BO that when he sent them away they had to run right' Tound him. Had no accident occurred I feel very certain that there would have been moro than one request made to havo had it declared no start. As to the accident there is no ono to blame. It occurred on the very best pieoe of run- ning on the course. A gentleman who was standing within live yards of the plaoo tells mo that he saw Too Too stumble, but recover. This slight delay sent her back on to Sardius, and the collision knookod the mare dowu, Sardius falling over her. This is the most likely way that it oc- curred that I havo yet heard, for I am almost certain that Too Too was the first to fall. Of course every- one who had a fancy, and it was amongßt those which fell, tilinta it would havo won. Be that as it may, I think that the winner would have como from Prince Imperial, Lord Exeter, Sardius, Tom Brown, and Despot, and not one of the three placed horses would have obtained a situation. Strango to say, every horse from Now South Wales fell, and all wero going in ¿-rand form. As far as condition was con- cerned, I think Prince Imperial wa» the bast. He looked a picture, and M'Grath rode a beautiful race, very similar to what he did in the Hawkesbury Han- dicap. So well was the horse that had his owner allowed bim to have been taken to the front, I firmly believe that he would havo been quite capable of leading from end to end. Of course tho New South Welshmen are deeply interested in the chestnut son of Kelpie, and will no doubt be pleased to learn that he is almost a sure starter for the Melbourne Cup. He was very badly knocked about, and blood .streaming from his mouth, caused by a couple of his side teeth being knocked out. Never has a horse been hotter looked after than ho he. For over sixty hours this horse nevor laid down ; but a plentiful application of hot water, Ac, put him so straight that on Monday night he laid down, and on Tuesday ho was out for a walk. On Wednesday morning, with young Gough up, ho was treated to a twioo- round canter. Asa matter of oourse, he moved somowhat stiff at first. : but this soon wore off, and ho went nice and free towards the finish. Tom Brown was at íirít reported to bo killed ; but it turned out to be Urara. Tom Brown must have been greatly knocked about, and was not out of his stable until Wednesday, when he moved vory Boroly. It will no doubt noon be got rid of. Sardius, however, carne in for very rough usago, as also did Too Too and Kingship, and there is littlo chance of their being seen again with the colors up before the autumn. It was a terrible sight to see the horses falling over one another, and at one timo they were piled up in a high heap. Thore the jookeys could be seen laying around, several of thom perfectly still. When picked up Nicholson was alive, aud the people that c_n*iod him in state that he drew his last breath just as they wore passing tho judge's box. All the life appeared to have been knocked out of M'Grade as they carried him in, also Cracknell, Wyman, M'Grath, and Twomey. This, howover, did not deter the thieves who wore on tho lookout, and took the diamond ring oft' M'Grade's finger as he lay senseless, while another stole Donald Nicholson's diamond scarf pin. At first all sorts of reports were spread. Cracknell waa stated to have died at least half a dozen times. However, I am pleased to say suoh was not the case. I visited them in the Mel- bourne Hospital on Tuesday, and found them all doing well. Donald Nicholson's funeral was very largely at- tended, and the procession could have been little short of a mile in length. He was buried from his brothor-in-law's house in Fraser-street, Richmond. I do not think that there was one jookey in or around Melbourne but what was present, and the trainers and horaoownera wore also there. It was a long walk for the hoys, who are more used to riding than walking, the journey from Richmond right down Flinders- street into Melbourne, up Swanaon-atreet into Madeline-street, Carlton, and thonco to the Melbourne Cemetery. Not one, howover, appeared to mind mud, all being eager to pay respect to one who, for the last six years or so, has held a leading position amougst thom. He must have re- ceived a terrible knocking about in the mole*1, a*i the bodvwas terribly bruised. All the jockeys, to the number of about sixty, walked in front of the hearse, which was drawn by four horses heanne tho colors in which Donald last rode draped in crape. His brother John and Pigott followed the hearse The coffin was a beautiful one of polished oak. The grave is situated in a very pleasant spot in the Presbyterian portion of the Melbourne Cemetory. Around the grave there was a great crush, and all appeared to be deeply affected. The pall-bearers were MessrB. T. Ivory, C. Roberts, T. Lamond, W. Hall, J. Monaghan, and W. Long. The weather during tho past week has boen pretty 'good, consequently the tracks were in fair going order. Among the Derby horses Uralla, to my fancy, is going the best. She is very well, and should phe oontiuue so to the day I shall look no farther for the winner. On Wednesday I was told on moat reliable authority that Nordenfeldt will not start unless any- thing happens the mare. Dunlop went an excellent fallon on Tuesday morning, and moves very nicely . ut cf all the others littlo R'ngmaster is my choice.' First Chester is very well, but looks somewhat light. Still we know that ho has done a very grand pre- paration, and he will be a most formidable opponent. The South Australian candidate, Isonomy, has not created a very favorable impression. I do not think he has' d^no enough work. Of tho Cup horses, Despot's gallop on Wednesday morning was about the best I havo seen. St. John's on Tues- day was a good one also, and the same may * bo said of Liverpool, bri Ï am afraid the last named, like alPthe Kew Zealand horses,'"wîîi ha found short of work on the day. The five horse» who claim the Hon. W. Robinson as owner, are un- doubtedly a grand team, and had the proprietor stopped in New Zealand and let Mason alone, who had them in charge in Sydney, there is little doubt in my mind but what he would havo received a cheque for a much larger amount than he will at the end of V.R.C. meeting. Trenton also goes well, but they will all havo to look out for Kit Nubblea, who is un- doubtedly a right good one, and very well. Had the aooident not happened there is no doubt but that the late meeting concluded at Caulfiold on Saturday under the auspices of tho Victoria Ama- teur Turf Club would have been the most Buocossf ul yet held. The attendance was very large, and the sport first class. The finish for the Hurdle Race was really a treat. The majority of the spectators felt sure that Kavensworth won by a head ; but Dura- tion was coming very fast, and no one can get in the same position as the judge. Lady Ashton was look- ing to have a great Bhow for the Steeplechase when she ran off, and had Studley not baulked he then must have won. Damocles won the Nursery Handi- cap like a racehorso, and will take a lot of beating in the Maribyrnong Plate, as he comes at the right end, and would havo troubled Aomo in the Foal Stakes if he had got away. On Saturday there will he an interesting day's racing at Moonee Valley. The programme ia a very good one, and several improvements have been effected in the coarse. The best pair in the Cup, I think, aro RebuB and lago. The famous Maribyrnong estate is being cut up into villa allotments, which will be shortly B-bmitted to auction. Betting people here are always kopt on the move by the police, and it is laughable to see them dodging about Collins-street to esoape the " blue boyB." Several have been summoned and unod. In Bourke-street, opposite Bowes'**, it ia the same. Since my last visit there have been several improvements made in thia room. It is still, however, far too small. When in full swing it is a perfect babel, and one or two are not particular as to the language they use. One was brought up sharp on Wednesday, and a good fine or two would do no harm. Othor sporting matters aro somewhat duller. On Sunday, after midnight, Rayner and Clifford will start for their 141 hours go-as-you-please con- test, in the Lyooum Hall. I hear very little talk of it. Malone and Farrell are both here, and staying at the Woolpack Hotel, Carlton. Malone is in work for MB half-mile race with O'Brien. The stats for the Melfort Sheffield Handicap were pub- lished to-day (Wednesday). The distance is 140yds. Tom Malone is put at scratoh, and the limit is 17yds. Too mueh. I think the winner will bo either Archie Farrell, 6yds, or J. M. Malone, 14yds. During the last week Clarence Whistler has been laid up, and the medical men have no hopes of his recovering. In addition to the Melfort grounds, thor* will soon I be a second traok in the vicinity of Melbourne. This is being formed by Mr. T. Gurney, the proprietor of tho Flemington Hotel, on the Flemington-road. Mr. Gurney has a good space of ground, and a more favorable position I never saw. There is a hill run- ning along the whole distance, which, when it has been terraced, will be capable of holding thousands of people, who will all have a splendid view of the men from start to finish. Good progress is being made with the formation of the tracks. When com; pleted it will, no doubt, become a very favorite resort. 