COROWA IN 1900. FlFTEEN years had elapsed since my departure from Corowa in search of fresh fields and pastures new. At that time (in 1885) it was a little one- horse township, famous principally for its " redoubtable " fire brigade, its love of scandal, the petty jealousy, that animated a majority of the towns- folk, and the entire want of unanimity that prevailed when matters pertain- ing to the general welfare and ad- vancement of the community were mooted. Energy was certainly not wanting so far as individuals went ; the stores and places of business fully kept pace with the times, and would not have disgraced by any means towns of three times the size, but the energy, like the proverbial charity, " began at home " and remained there. So long as business men found it pos- sible at the end of each year to satisfy themselves that they had netted a comfortable profit on their outlay this state of things continued. Corowa collectively was at a standstill, and that — in a colonial sense — meant re- trogression. Its past history bristled with the ruins of broken down antici- pations. And what was the cause of these broken down anticipations ? Simply and solely a non-comprehen- sion, I might almost say a wilful dis- regard, of the advantages derivable from unity. Ever and anon an effort would be made to remedy all this, but individual and personal interests clashed with the labours of those advocating the greatest good to the greatest number, and the consequence was natural — a relapse into the former apathetic state. This apathy was rapidly becoming chronic when I left, and although I had heard of a change for the better it seemed so improb- able that I treated it as one is wont to do when reading one of the fanciful flights of Jules Verne's imagination. However, as I remarked at the out- set, 15 years having rolled by, I ex- perienced a yearning to see the town once again, and I took my seat in the early mail train, leaving Spencer-st. Station, Melbourne, at 6 a.m. What a change had been wrought in the management of the Victorian railways during the past few years. The old- fashioned carriages had been wholly discarded, and gave place to roomy, well-ventilated, and comfortable cars (on the American plan), enabling a passenger to change his seat if he wished, and infinitely preferable in- every way to the ancient " compart- ment " style so long persisted in by at one time a pig-headed " what suited- your-forefathers-will-have-to suit- you " administration. There were " through " cars too, rendering chang- ing at junctions and transhipment of luggage unnecessary. The idea that trains could not travel with safety at a greater speed than 25 miles an hour had long been exploded, and we were timed to arrive at Corowa at 9.30 a.m. I need not recapitulate the events of the journey, in fact I could not for I soon dropped off into that pleasant dozy state only enjoyed by those who can for the nonce leave all trouble and care behind them. The rattling of the train across the fine iron bridge spanning the Murray aroused me, however, and I had just time to collect my impedimenta when we drew up at the platform, or, rather, one of the many platforms. " Corowa " shouted the porters, the " indicator " in the car showed " Corowa," and from the conversation going on around me I judged that I had arrived at my destination ; but, surely, there must be some mistake. Am I back in Melbourne, or am I dreaming ? No, but I am certainly bewildered for the moment ; an immense station, locomotives rushing hither and thither, or blowing off surplus steam, out- going passengers pouring in at one end, and a steady stream of in-comers (by the Melbourne, Sydney, and Den- iliquin trains) betaking themselves and their luggage to their homes or their hotels. Outside the station all was bustle and confusion — ' busses, tram-cars, and cabs were at the ser- vice of those requiring them ; boys pressed upon me copies of the Corowa Free Press (now published twice-a-day, morning and evening), and the fami- liar name of the paper seemed the only connecting link between Corowa of the past and Corowa of the present. Jumping into a cab I told the driver to convey me to the Royal. Break- fast disposed of, I sallied out to have a look around. I knew I was in Sanger-street, for the name of the street was painted on the gas lamps and at the intersection of other thoroughfares with this, yet it was difficult to realise the fact ; old " patchy " sidewalks — which each pro- perty owner either paved as he fancied best, or left unpaved altogether — had disappeared, and walking was now a comfort on the level Val de Travers asphalt. Crowds of people thronged the streets, the stores were doing a lively trade, and a generally lively business air seemed to prevail on all sides. I passed the depot of the Corowa and Wahgunyah Pneumatic Parcels Dispatch Company, and learnt that or a small fee parcels could be sent across the river through a pneu- matic tube ; a Telephone Exchange had been an established fact for many years, and various other labour-saving inventions introduced. Extending my walk into the outskirts of the town I had an opportunity of inspect- ing the premises of the Murray River Fruit Preserving Company, a business undertaking that had proved eminently successful in every way, the English market absorbing an immense quan- tity of canned fruit annually, in ad- dition to the large consignments daily despatched to Melbourne, Sydney, and elsewhere. Several other factories, the chimneys of which were belching forth volumes of smoke I was told were devoted to various trades — such as tweed mills, boot and shoe manu- factories, wool- washing, and so on. Retracing my steps I came across a gang of men digging a trench in one of the minor streets. This set me again thirsting for information, and resulted in my ascertaining that not only were gas and water mains laid in all directions, but the town was tho- roughly drained, the sewage being utilised for the fertilisation of a farm (some 1000 acres in extent), situated four or five miles away. The water supply had met a long-felt want, and the destruction of much valuable pro- perty had been averted, the fire brigade having at all times an abun- dantly sufficient " head " of water (gained by the erection of a large water tower on the summit of the hill in the western portion of the town.) I immediately started to see this, and gathered from the engineer in charge that the water was forced up through a 30-inch main from the river and that the pressure and supply was ample for present requirements. It was only a few yards from the water tower to the public park, so I took a hasty stroll in that direction. The area had, I found, been divided into four sections, forming botanical gar- don, agricultural show ground, race- course, and a portion was devoted to recreation, such as cricket, tennis, &c.;, a good running track (for foot races) and gymnastic appliances being pro- vided. In the botanical gardens was erected a handsome monument to the memory of our brave boys who fell in the Soudan and Afghan campaigns. The racecourse contained every con- venience of modern times, the grand stand being quite metropolitan in character. I must not omit to mention that the agricultural hall at the entrance to the Show ground was an architectural beauty of which the district might well be proud, forming as it did a conspicuous object for miles around ; it was built in the Swiss chalet style. Prior to returning to my hotel, I stumbled across an old acquaintance, and lost no time in pressing him for a history of the many and vastly pro- gressive changes I had witnessed. " Well," said he, " it is a long story to give in detail, so come up and dine with me." I agreed, and after dinner I was an attentive listener to the account of Corowa's rise and progress. Briefly, it was as follows : — The town had been declining for years, and mat- ters going from bad to worse, when a few clear-headed residents determined upon an attempt to get the town in- corporated ; the opposition they met with was, as they anticipated, very keen, but by holding meetings and thoroughly explaining the beneficial results that could not fail to ensue by establishing municipal government, they eventually carried their point to the undisguised disgust of those who had endeavoured for the sake of their personal interests to thwart, and nullify the movement. From that time forth the town under- went a change ; gas and water works were constructed ; the branch line from Culcairn was pushed on ; another line along the north bank of the river via Mulwala and Tocumwal to Ma- thoura was authorised, surveyed, and completed in a very short time ; metropolitan and local capitalists combined to start industries such as those I previously referred to ; the establishment of intercolonial free- trade gave an immense impetus to business, for the town being so favour- ably and centrally situated had the choice of at least two markets — Mel- bourne and Sydney. The population increased weekly, and was rapidly ap- proaching 25,000. The incorporation movement was undoubtedly the death blow of the cliquism, jealousy, and selfishness that had so long tended to hamper the general progress and pros- perity ; unity and a due appreciation of the ancient proverb anent the bundle of sticks following, gradually, it is true, but surely for all that. Thanking my friend for the infor- mation he had afforded me, and as- suring him that I should always in the future take an interest in the welfare of the town — which, by the way I was at one time almost ashamed of calling my home — I took my departure, and that evening returned to Melbourne carrying away with me very pleasing impressions of what I had seen. * * * * The foregoing picture may to some minds appear overdrawn, and exagger- ated to an absurd extent ; with those who think so I beg to differ. At any rate I can point to towns in America, yes, I might venture to say in Vic- toria, where, by putting an earnest, united, and determined shoulder to the wheel, the progress has been even more phenomenal. Agreeing to dis- agree is most fatal to any community, and until the baneful influence arising from such tactics is removed, the course of events is obvious. Trade by degrees is devoted to other centres where the requisite qualities of push and perseverance exist. The town becomes stationary, and by degrees then like a ring-barked tree it droops and withers away until there is nothing left but a bare and ghost-like town remnant — a mere shadow of what it might have been if the needful vitality had been afforded. Brighter days are yet in store for Corowa provided UNITY, DETERMINATION, and PERSE- VERANCE, the three essential and in- dispensable virtues are brought home to the inhabitants, and unanimously adopted. DUM SPIRO, SPERO. 