GHOSTS OR NO GHOSTS. -4--- BY J. C. " On, I don't believe in ghosts and haunted houses at all. It is all bosh and nonsense, only dreams of a sickly and depraved imagina tion. "And why, pray, do you not believe?" said Alf. "Do you question it because of the impossibility or tie improbability ? If you take it on the former score you will fird some ditlieulty in your proof, if you admit that there is anything beyond tile ,nzterial a something intangible to the outward sensesC; if you advance the improbability, why you tnow as well an I do that you know nothing, absolutely nothing, about the matter, and never will know until it is too late for us to benefit from what you have learned." " It is useless arguing about it. It must be simply put out of doors." "Well," my dear flllow, "if that is the way we miust look at thin question, what elO can we say about the tlhousand and one other questions which arine frot the unknown. uemember, your scepticism is only of a very recent date, and in a part of that great plague of doubting which ascails other dogmas you would lose your right hand sooner than fore swear. Few philosophers, either ancient or modern, doubt the possibility of existence apart from the contingency of matter-" " 0, hang it, man, don't talk psychology. We belong to a practical age, and I am not going to believe every old woman's tale, when ph eis terrified out of her senses by the sour rying of a rat over the floor, or the scratching of a mouse behind the wainscot. My own experience is evidence against it sufficient to my mind." " Well, if you want an experimental proof I am glad I can give it to you." " You I why I never thought you held con verse with the invisible. Surely to goodness you're not a medium I" " No matter what I am, I will give you a chance of putting your scepticism to the proof-that is, you know, if you are willing, for to tell the truth, without questioning your own courage in the least, I have found you sceptics not too eager to test the truth when the opportunity is offered you. All and I were seated in one of the fine old houses of Northern Tasmania-one of those houses which remind us so much of the "stately homes" of the old country. The early colonists of the " Tight Little Island " were thorough Britons, and carried with them all the Englishman'e ideas of comfort and stability. Cairnstook House might have been taken bodily by some genius like Aladdin's slave, and placed in the middle of Yorkshire or Surrey, and no stranger would have noticed much difference between it and its neighbors, unless that its broad verandah would look a little incongruous in a country where they think so much of the sun rays that they re ecive all they can of them, and intercept none that will escape a parasol or umbrella. The surroundings were picturesque in the extreme. At the bottom of a eloping lawn there flowed a broad, silent river, which had in its im petuous youth leaped over a precipice and thundered in rapids, but now glided calmly and majestically through wide meadows and undulating woodlands. Behind the house the hills rose tier after tier, until they cul minated in a peak, whose summit always received the earliest winter's snow. It was a lonely enough position, however, as the nearest neighbor was ten miles away. Alt and his sister lived in the old house, and gracefully played host and hostess to many guests. I had met them in Paris. One Sun day morning while enjoying a contemplative cigar on the top of Napoleon's Are Dc Triomph, and surveying the unrivalled urban views which can be caught from that position alone, I was attracted by a silvery laugh, which came from the rosiest lips in that city of the beautiful. Ada and lier brother All Meadown had been like myself admiring the magnificence of the Queen city. As they were strangers I did the guide to them, and pointed out the beauties of the Tuileries, the Louvre, the Invalids and the other show places. We became friends, and it was not very long until I fairly succumbed, and was the devoted slave of the beautiful Ads. Certainly I was a little taken aback when I discovered my acquaintances came from the opposite side of the world, but "love conquers all things," and space in the bargain, and before we had known each other six months I was ready not only to risk a sixteen thousand miles journey, but even veritable transportation itself, provided I could claim her as my own in the end. I had arrived at Cairnstock House the very day (23rd December) on which the fore going conversation had taken place, and somewhat unexpectedly, as I had completed some business in Melbourne more quickly than I had hoped. Ada had gone to see some friends, and was not expected home until the next day, and I had to be contented with the company of her brother, a dear, good friend, but scarcely a satisfactory substi. tute. After dinner I happened to say that the position and surroundings of the house would bring to mind one of those haunted establishments of which old country folk think they have the monopoly. I was sur prised to see my brother-in- futuro take the matter, as the French say, an grand serieux, and actually consider the possibility of spiritual manifestations. As this was so foreign to his usual devil-nme-care characteris tics, I ventured on the inevitable chaff, but was still more astoninhed at seeing .?f's face lose all its buoyancy, and assume ? ing very like the aspect of fear. I c. t the slightest idea of what lie mea final proposal, and asked him to o ? no?lnelf. He remained for some time in ought and at last said : " You have a right to know alrbut it, and therefore as it is a family matt'I shall tell you, though when you have hoard the story you will understand why we don't much care to speak about it to outsiders. lie paused again and then proceeded: " My grandfather came out to Van Dieman's Land among the earliest of the colonists. JIo had been in the army, and therefore very easily got all the fine land which you can see for miles around us. The climate of the country suited him and hlii family well, and indeed it would have been a wonder if the old warrior had not contented himself in such a country after his life of toil and battle. Unfortunately lie had all the sternness and harshness of the soldier, and these were exaggerated by the position of absolute masterdom in which he found him self. You are aware, I suppose, that the con victs were assigned as servants throughout the colony, but you are not aware that in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred the un fortunates were the slaves, and nothing else, of their masters. Certainly they were the very outcasts and dregs of society, degraded by every sort of crime and ready for any description of villainy. There is scarcely a square mile of Tasmania which has not its tale of murder and outrage, and I remember well all over the island the gibbets on which were hung in chains the bodice of many an outlaw and bushranger. But these wretches were men at least, and they were treated as brute beasts, and we need scarcely say they gave beasts' service. You cannot conceive the horror which this lovely island witnessed -much less can you conceive tile causes which in many instances occasioned if they did not account for them. "My grandfather for a long time had very little trouble with his servants. The strict discipline to which he accustomed everyone made him feared and respected by all around him, but gained him little good will amongst his dependents. Amongst his easigned ser vants there was one vwhlo had contrived to worm himself a little into time confidence of Ihis master by onealing and tale-bearing on Whis fellows. It is one of the misfortunes, or, rather, the penalties of slavery that it insen sibly vitiates tile character of the masters themnnelves. The old soldier who detested anything like meanness, tolerated worse than meanness in the people, whom hlie looked upon as inferior animals, and lie thought Limping Joe a very useful creature. Joe, on the other hand, hated the Colonel with all the venom of a depraved heart. The Colonel believed in the cat, and Joe had sworn to be revenged for every weal scored on his back, and they were not few. The villain meditated no small revenge. It would have been easy to have met the old man alone, but the chances of a struggle with him were desperate, and besides his sudden deathl would have been a poor satisfaction for the years of oppressilon at which it must be confessed my grandfather was an adept. " A fresh servant was brought from Hobart at the very time Limping Joe's schemes were taking shape in his head. The new.comer was a man who had been convicted of con nection with some trade outrage in Shellield. It was a strango time that, when imen were driven from home and all they oved for tile imerest trifle, or if they shlowed tile slightest opposition to the all-powerful oligarchy. The umilortunes of his life had naturally soured ipor Ned Williams, and the unlucky wretch hlad comeo to tihe very worst place for sympathly. My grandfather would allow nothing but the most ordinary communication between his servanlts anid Ili family, and tIhe youing fellow, innocent as lhe was proved to be, wasn left to broc d over the injustice of the world without a word of consolatiou or a touch of kindness. No wonder that there was nothing on hisi side but sullen subimissllion, and on my girandfather's a determination to 'drive the devil out of him.' " By all accounts Colonel Meadows made Cairnstook a Ihell to poor Williams. The Colonel was a magistrate. You will see a large tree on the opposite aide of the back court, and near it a detached building. The building is the old I3ridewell to which prisoners were consigned before being sent to Hobart, and, Heaven help us, it was rarely without a tenant. That big tree and that paltry house could tell some awful tales if we could give them tongues. " The Colonel had two children, a girl and a boy, both of whom he loved passionately, as men such as he sometimes do; but he especially adored the lovely little Ada, the very apple of his eye. You will know whence my sister gets her name. Matters grew worse and worse for Williams, and Limping Joe watched everything with a tiger's eye. About this time there were re ports that a strong body of bushrangers who had kept the western parts of the island in terror had come northward, and then Joe, taking advantage of the despair and wretched ness which possessed Williams' soul, tempted him to join them. Williams seeing nothing but a life of misery or self-destruction before him consented, and one night they settled to start the next day for the mountains, and appointed a place of meeting. On that next day little Ada was found dead on the bank of the river, and her lovely body was mutilated almost beyond recognition. A bloody knife wa- found near, and every one recognised it as having belonged to Williams. lIe was not to be found, and of course tihe crime was at once laid at his door. Certainly the attend ing circumstances went far to prove his guilt, and at that time much less would have established it in the eyes of free colonists. No one in the hurry and confusion seemed to notice tihe absence of Limping Joe. There was at that time one of the aborigi nals hanging about the station. We have contrived to civilise them off the face of the earth, so you will not have a chance of seeing a specimen. His services as a tracker were immediately employed, and soon there was a strong party in pursuit. I need give you no details. It will be enough to tell you that the fugitives were overtaken, and after a fierce struggle Williams was severely wounded and made prisoner. Joe escaped for the time, and as it was thought the murderer was hard and fast no very active pursuit was made after his companion. " The captive was brought here and thrown into that Bridewell. The unfortunate wretch, covered with wounds and with a leg broken, was a miserable sight. When lie was accused of the crime lie denied it in tie strongest manner, but his judges were prejudiced, and he was alone. Their passions were excited, and some one more brutal than the rest pro posed to roast the prisoner or make him con fess. I can scarcely bear to tell you the end. Good God I how unlimited power brutalizes us l The wounded man was dragged before a large fire beneath that tree, and hung up by the arms from one of the boughs, exposed to the double torture of the fire and of his injuries. I can not imagine that the executioners really meant more than to extort a confession, but whether they meant more or not tihe miser able man was not cut down until his senses had forsaken his wretched body. As they dragged him back to the look-up he partially recovered, and seeing my grandfather near he cursed him and his, and prayed that neither his son nor his son's son should ever live to reach his own age. The poor fellow's body was found cold, stiff, and still in tihe coll-done to death by our omniscient law. The very next day came his free pardon, his entire inno cence of the crime in Shellield having been proved. A short time brought the confirma tion of his innocence of the murder also. Limping Joe joined the bushrangers just in time to share in a few depredations and in their speedy ruin. Ifs was shot down, and had barely time left to confess that he was the murderer of little Ada, and that to keep suspicion from himself he had used Williams' knife to do the deed. " These few bald particulars will not be sufficient to make you realise the horrible truth. One almost dort"` the goodness of the Creator when we pu'" 'umrselves to find why such things can . - ,"lhe share poor Williams had in this ry. as a very poor one, and,lt would givea h:i;j.so broad lands that no one of my blood i.d helped to make his part in life more vtched. Sometimes I think that his curse '.ust have fallen on us. My father had barely reached thirty-five -William's age was about that-when his dead body was washed up by the river near the spot where his sister's had been found years before. Our poor mother did not our vive him long, and we were left to the strangers' care. In all the southern hemis phere we have neither kith or kin to care for us or feel for us. Can it be tihe curse ?" The story affected me more than I cared to acknowledge. Englishmen are not often brought face to face with such horrors. But I was not going to let a simple story so easily undermine my foredrawn conclusions, and I said to Alf : " It is certainly a most painful incident to be even remotely connected with, but you will scarcely bring sme to believe that the actors in the tragedy have not somcething better to do than return to the scene. Is it said your little Blridewell is haunted ? To lie sure there aren'tmany places that deserve it more." " You may judge for yourself if you like," said Alf, " but I give you fair warning. I would not pass a night there for a kingdom. I have done it once, and once is enough in a life-time." " Well, I shall try it this very night. Ada will not be homne until to-morrow, and I may as well spend the time unravelling the secret." " All right; and if you do so no one will thank you more heartily for anything than I shall for this." Tihe conversation turned on other topics, but Alf's spirits seemed to have fallen to zero, and gradually we became silent. I watlched the lengthening shadows of the trees pass slowly over the lawn as the sun dipped towards the western hills, and contrasted in my own mind the cold and dreary Christmas landscape of England with the gorgeous brilliancy of the scene before mo. I was so absorbed in this that it was with a sudden start I heard three rapid knocks just as the sun disappeared behind a distant peak. I jumped to my feet at once, and was ralier surprised that All tookl no notice unless a sickly smile on his lips betrayed his having heard it. " What was that ?" said I. " Oh, nothing I " said he, " or, rathllor, something we are pretty well acncustomed to." Of course I could not show too nmuch curiosity, yet I could not help feeling some thing uncanny, but this gradually wore away under the combined influence of a stiff glass of toddy and the soothing smoke of a frag rant Iavannah. hMeantime whatever little preparations were necessary tomake thesolitary Bridowelltenant able for a night lhad beoon made before sun down, and Alf told me pretty plainly that I should have little chance of company, unless the ghostly, as not a man, woman, or child, for miles around would venture near the little building for its weight in gold. This, however, was not going to deter me, and that night I was a lodger in a place which could not boast of one before, during moro than fifty years. 