THE RECOLLECTIONS OP A COUNTRY DOCTOR. Edited by Mrs. J. K SPENDEB, author of " Her own Fault;" •« Parted Lives," God. wyn a Ordeal," "Gabiielle de JBourdaine," "Mr. Nobody," ftc, THE GHOST OF SIMON;SHAW. PAST IL (Concluded-) I stood still by the Dedside, looking at the beautiful face which still smiled as if in jics&titiuii; uf some wonderful secret which we on earth might not know, and then I closed the eyes as tenderly and carefully as if Mysie had been my own child. For the old servant, who had acted as nurse, was sobbing so helplessly as to be quite useless. I had ^red orders thai no one else was to disturb us, that Simon Shaw-was simply to be told that bis daughter was dangerously ill, and was to be kept at all.risks from the room. I had not counted on the fact that he would probably be listening, and that the child's plaintive wail must have resounded through the house. The daybreak was already sweeping down •over the bed, and I still stood like an idiot holding the lighted candle, aud scarcely able to realize what had taken place, when the door slowly opened, and the spectre of Simon Shaw—ao much moreidid he resemble a ghost than a living man—shuffled up to the bed. I think he had -meant '.to curse her, BO entirely was his expression that of despair and determination, but the sight of that beautiful smiling face, with its secret sealed •aa it were between its lips, disarmed him, •hard though he was. " The devil"— he began, and then stared ^straight ro front of him with a gh&stly; start. . 1 knew it w^ my. turn to speak, for X too was resolved and miserable. " Fear .not, Simeon Sha w," I said," to look on the face of your child. For she was guile- ' less and innocent, and her infant was born in lawful wedlock. It was the cruelty of jour hard and selfish heart which forced her to keep silence.' Yet life was sweet to her, -and I tell you that she has been done to death. The impostor who intruded on her with the lie that she was uo lawful wife would surely lavea heart wrong with Temorse if he could look at her now--as she is with her infant by her side—cold and breathless —she who was naturally a healthy woman. £ should like to tell the msta who was guilty of planning that deed that at the Judgment Day he will have to .Answer for it ae surely before Ms Maker as if he paid the penalty of the law for murder." ' If I had wished to disarm Simon, I had ac- <wnplishedmy object.- - •• •• '-,''•."• _ He took refo^asTJ»ad e*pected hB would, anvthing^to do wtth*fcis grandchild. Bat on the other band he n? longer assailed the reputation of his dauber. ; After a little while his constitutional greed asserted itself as UEU&L; The love of ^maawrtg money, though he had now no one to leave it to,~be- -came more than ever the one object of exist- -ence io the miserable creature. : Captain nam eiewart Stewart ien left cae the netgiiDournooa, neighbourhood, aadamaidehlad: i maiden' lady, irixb lived at a littie disi, in sriite of her; limited iqcttne, took tance L <chargeof je MyrasV child. M The unfortunate put of the matter was that we never heard again of Stephen Blair. Nearly twenty years had elapsed before the news reached me that the poor fellow had died of yellow fever, and that the letters that I WEoteto him never cpuld have reached -him. 1 One or two were returned to me, bat the postad communiaation in those days were by .' no means perfect This Uncertainty about her mother's history threw an. unexpected cloud over little Mary's life. As she grew up it was impossible not to be struck by her' wonderful likeness, both In perron and character to the Mysie who had once been a favourite with flalfitead people. Bat these people now never jnentjonea Mysie."' Dead though she was, sua there is always a feeling of merciful kindness to tfte dead, it yet came to be understood that her reputation could not be cleared; Various theories were invented to aocount for the sudden appearance and disappearance " of the stranger who had claimed to be Stephen Blair's tens wife, and whose visit had been, humanly speaking, the cause of Myeie's death. But all scandalous gocsrp naturally veers to the darker and more .uncharitable cade. And it was grievous to Jejmy and myself to find that as yean went on'It was generally supposed that Stephen "Shir had probably married during Ids &b-; -seace on his earliest voyage. On enquiry it was found that the ships crew had remained for some time at more than one foreign port, .and Stephen's continued silence was readily taken as an acknowledgment of guilt. It is almost impossible for those who have not lived long to realize the contumely and want of sympathy to which children branded with illegitimacy used once to be. subjected. A better "understanding of the true spirit of that Christianity which has leavened all ^phases of modern soaety.^Tefining the conduct and feeling even of those who reject the truth of the revelation—has convinced us that the higher morality does not need 1o"be protected. by hardhekrtedness and^)fide- l {But thirty years ago a girt who bore the maiden name o! her' mother—simple" and winning' though she anight be—-was subjected in a village community tomuch hardship and «oora. The apod lady who had taken little Mary under her 'protection .wias even openly blamed. As Boon -the girl's intelligence -was sufficiently matured, and Miss Newcombe foresaw her own approaching end, she took her to the churchyard one day—where, in an unfrequented spot beneath the shadow of willow trees, a simple-stone was inscribed with the name .of ' Mysie, aged 39"—and there endeavoured to prepare her for. the iiitpre by telling her the history of her mother.' , :>i ... ... "Never let any one -speak against her," said the old.lady, "for she; was kind and good, healthyrminded, and natural, and one of the purest .creatures whom lever met with in this world. It is possible that when I am taken from you, you may-have a little to bear, -atBhe had before you, Bat be; strong, my •child, as your mother was strong. Hold up your head with the bravest, and always •remember that there are few people in the world who have so little occasion to be ashamed of their parentage as you have of yours." Feoole spoke of Miss Newcombe as an amiable enthusiast, and her wsrds were the less heeded,.because Simon Shaw took no notice of his grandchild. He was living an outwardly respectable life, with his workpeople cowering in an abject way before him. whuehe was cherishing cruel and revengeful ihonghts in aa uncontrite heart. : The excuse -of his grandchild's supposed illegitimacy was used as a miserable subterfuge, to excuse his own cruelty from himself. Once I ventured to interfere" with him and to reason with film as to Che'wickedness of his conduct; bat he bade ine in his usual cultivated language to gb-to an unmentionable [place, and to- his dependants made me out to be a downHriit scamp, i Jenny was as excited as if she were a girl again lor the moment when she heard of how my dignity, as die called it, had been outraged. She wanted to insist on my promising that I would never again speak to old o:_ L: A. : j L: ep from talking about him, solicitous wonder about his affairs as well as his grand-daughter's which could not be called «x&ctly; cariosity — it savoured too much of pity. \- Jfaras the time went on it would have been difficult to say which of the two was most to be pitied. Mary was left somewhat desolate, "JSS Newcombe, full of years, was to her fathers. The old lady had it impossible to' make any provision for her proteg& Indeed, sin herself had long been maintained by a sort of annuity supplied by . her relations. This of oourse d on her death. Bat the girl was it and helpful as her mother had been ore her, and nad been brought up - to shift for herself. She would not be ''beholden," as she expressed it to any of the people who had looked down on - her mother. But she was quick at" accounts, and wrote a clear handwriting besides being trained in domestic ways, so that it was comparatively easy to find her a situation as a- sort of general helper to the wife of a gentleman farmer who knew her history, and admired her independence of character. ILLNESS OF DB. DUKLOP.—On account of an attack of inflammation of the throat Dr. Dunlop, Senior House Surgeon at the Hospital, will not be able to deliver his lecture tnis evening on '"First Aid to the Injured," which he was announced to give in connection with the Adelaide Centre of the St. John's Ambulance Association. Dixson's " Conqueror' and " American Eagle' Tobaccos are worth 6d. per lb. more than any Colo nial Tobaccos mani tinder old American brands. 71thacvd TS" "ADVICE TO MOTHERS !—AN you broken In your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of catting teeth? Go &t; once to a chemist ana get a bottle of MKS. WrasLoWs SOOTHING SYRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, |II>,IIIIW| 4IUC, quiet DHOVl sleep, by HJ relieving tPHBflU the child from eain, and the little cherub awakes bright as a button." It soothes the child, it» us the g allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, an 3 is the best known remedy for dysentery and diirrhcea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Window's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at la. lid. per ^bottle. MZEOBS "Conqoaroi" Tobacco commands a Jvger sale tbwwy othw ii) Australia. lUhscrd 