ECIOES OF MELBOURNE [By Tun GHosT.] For the next six months at all events the wicked " stonewallers" have ceased from troubling, and the weary reporters in the gallery of the Assembly are at rest. The time honoured ceremonial which re leases the people's representative from-their arduous labours has been observed m accord ance with ancient usage, and Mr. Speaker has smilingly shakenhands with a number of honourable members, wishing no doubt the while in his heart of hearts that never again may his eye be " caught" by theirs, nor his patience tried in listening to the dull platitude, they utter night after night. The last session of Victoria's twelfth Parliament has sadly belied the promise of its youth, and DMr. Service, who in all probability will no longer continue to take an active part in politics, will have leisure in his retirement to mourn over his wasted opportunities. Never on any previous occasion in the history of the colony was a Ministry ever called into existence under more favourable circum stances than those which surrounded the advent of the Coalition Ministry. There was really no opposition to vex the Service Berry !Administration ; the burning question had burned themselves out, and the fusion of parties paved the way for a large number of social and legislative reforms. And heow has "the Ministry of all the talents" used the opportunities to hand P During a session extending over twenty-seven weeks they have introduced 74 bills, 44 of which only have they been successful in passing. With the exception of eight measures rejected by the Council, the remainder of the bills have, after encumbing the 'notice paper for a longer or shorter time, been " dis charged," and with the prematurely de ceased infant of anecdotal fame may well ask themselves "If so soon that I was done for, S Iwonder what I was begun for?" The Legislative Council has let the colony see that it no longer intends to submit to the reproach of being a merely ornamental portion of the constitution, but is really "a power in the land." By a majority of two to one-the numbers on the division list being 20 to 10-it has thrown out the Electoral Act Amendment Bill. The recently formed Decentralisation League is credited in some quarters with having brought about this result, but a more general opinion prevails that the sound common sense of the Council caused the rejection of the crude and ill-con sidered pie,'e of legislative tinkering the Ministry d ,ired to foist upon the country. At best th.i measure was a mere stop-gap, and if passed into law would certainly have had the effect of delaying the much needed redistribution of the electorates. The bill was, moreover, open to the grave objection that in an underhand sort of way it altered the existing constitution of Vic toria by altering the balance of power between the two Legislative Chambers by iucreasing the number of representatives in the Assembly. And even had the measure been placed on the statute book it would have required a validating act to make it legal, for there can be no denying that imposing as it did "a tax upon the people" in the shape of the ?3000 per annum required to pay the salaries of ten additional members, the bill should have been initiated by a message from the Governor; and as this indispensable for mality, owing doubtless tosome official blun dering, was omitted, the measure was never legally before Parliament. No one, perhaps, excepting the few aspiring candidates who announced their intention of offering their services to the electors, will much regret the loss of a measure which, while doing justice to two or three electorates, v wronged the rest of the colony. The Upper House has assuredly afforded the piously inclined an opportunity to repeat their thanks to Providence that we possess a second legislative chamber. The recent crusade undertaken by the police in the ostensible interests of virtue and morality may well cause Victorians to ask themselves whether the vaunted liberty of the subject of which Britons are so justly proud is not a fiction in the colony, and whether the time-honoured adage that "An Englishman's house is his castle " is not in this colony at least a mere empty boast. Assuredly must we be a most law-abiding people, for in no other community under r the sun would such vagaries as our police officers at times indulge in be permitted. A day or two since, at half-past eleven at night, a respectable hotel in the metropolis was visited by an inspector and a posse of constables, and the various couples occupying the sleeping apartments compelled to produce their marriage I certificates ! As the holidays are approach ing,and visitors from the adjoining colonies and the country generally flock to Melbourne about Christmas time, it will be well to remind all married couples that in order not to have to undergo a more unpleasant experience than being roused from one's first sleep,com peolled to getup, dress, and undergo the s scrutiny of the guardians of the peace, it will be advisable that every gentleman journeying with his placens usor should provide himself with proof that he has legally entered "the holy estate of 1 matrimony." What can the Chief Com missioner of Police be about that he allows his underlings to "play such fantastic tricks t before high Heaven?" And what can a British commuity say for itself that allows, without remarks or indignant protest such conduct in its officials to be in dulged in in its midst? In the various attempts the Service-Berry Government has made to render the people of Victoria the most pure minded, honest, religious, virtuous, and moral community under the wide canopy of Heaven, it has, it must be confessed, not been invariably successful. The Licensing Bill, which was to ensure universal sobriety, is admittedly hardly a success. The attempt to put down Mr. Syme and his freethought Sunday 5 lectures has ended in failure, after costing the country £S5 16s. The attempt in the case of Mrs. Rhoda Newton to "put down" baby-farming has likewise turned out abortive. The bill introduced into the Assembly for the protection of females figures among "the slaughtered innocents" of the session. Thi efforts of the police to deal writh " tihe curse of great cities" I harvh proved resultless, and the difference t of opinion in regard to what kind of re ligious instruction should be imparted to the State slchool chlildren of Victoria has resulted in causing none at all being tole rated. It is about time Government should give up the attempt at making everyone fit for "the life to come" by re gulation's ordaining how people are to comport themselves in this "valo of tears." If successive Ministries persist in the course of "social and domestic" reform, whiich Messrs. Service and Berry, by pre cept-if not by example-are desirous of establishing, we shall by outsiders be deeomed a most debauched, degraded, and immoral community. People will be apt to think that we must of necessity be very bad to require so much repressive legiela tion, just as the member of the "great unwashed" surmised that the gentleman who bathed every day must be very dirty to require such constant waush ing. The "silly season," popularly but erroneously supposed tobegin when Parlia ment is not in session, has set in somewhvat early this year. But the writers of " Snake Stories" may now hide tlheir diminished heads, and even "The Vagabondl" cause his big Gippsland worms, 17 feet long and 8in. in diameter, to retire to their earthy tenoment. These yarns are not-to borrow from Mr. George Arugustus Sala-acircum stance to the "fight between two marine monsters," set forth under a "cross-head" of largo type, and duly "leaded," described by the passengers of the steamer Windoura on her last voyage from Newcastle to Mel bourne. As a naval conflict, nothing to approach it has been witnessed since the days of the Hague and Trafalgar. The Government has cut the gordian knot presented by the Tasmanian reci procity treaty by abandoning the bill. Their proposals were after all of such a half-hearted kind that neither protec tionists or free-traders were prepared to accept them without debate; and Mr. Berry, seeing breakers ahead, thought it prudent to alter his course, and steer clear of the question he himself had raised. However, as the Federal Council is to assemble so soon in Hobart, it is to be hoped the matter will then hbe dealt with, and very little time will then have been lost after all. If Tasmanians are as wise and, cute as they are generally supposed to be, they will withdraw all opposition to the treaty, and Victorians,who are generally credited with knowing on which side their bread is buttered, should hail with delight the prospect of free interchange. Ananecdotein reference to the recent nocturnal raid of the police on the Bourke-street Hotel has been going the rounds in the Assembly lobby, which si snonvero ben trovalo. One of the Ministers of the Crown, who habitually takes liberties with the Queen's English, in the shape of the letter "h," was being interviewed on the subject by one of the metropolitan members. Is a man, he indignantly. queried, not to be allowed to take his ease at his inn ?" Certainly," my dear sir replied the Minister; "but it is not the case the police object to, its the she's." 