MAR'S EIGHT ELEMENTS. - AN OLD IRISH POEM NOW FIEST TRANSLATED. Br PBOBESSOB WHITLEY STOKES, OP TBINITY COLLEGE, DUBLIN. THUS sang the sages of the Gael A thousand years ago well-nigh : " Hearken how the Lord on high Wrought man, to breathe and laugh and wail, To hunt and war, to plough and sail, To love and teach, to pray and die!" Then said the sages of the Gael: " Of parcels eight was Adam built. The first was earth, the second sea, The third and fourth were sdn and cloud, The fifth was wind, the sixth was stone, The eeventh was the Holy Ghost, The laBt was Light which lighleth God." Then sang the eages of the Gael: " Man's body first was built of earth To lodge a living soul from birth, And earthward home again to go When Time and Death have spoken so. Then of the soa his blood was dight To bound in love and flow in fight. Next, of the sun, to see the skies His face was framed with shining eyes. From hurrying hoBts of cloud was wrought His roaming, rapid, changeful thonght. Then of the wind was made his breath To come and go from birth to death; And then of earth-sustaining stone Was built his flesh-upholding bone. The Holy Ghost, like soaring flame, The substance of his soul became. Of Light which lighteth God was made Man's conscience, so that unfraid His soul through haunts of night and sin May pass and keep all clean within. "Now, if the earthiness redound, He lags through life a slothful hound ; But, if it be the sea that sways, In wild unrest he wastes his days ; Whene'er the sun is sovran, there The heart is light, the face is fair. If clouds prevail he lives in dreams, A deedless life of gloom and gleams, And when the wind has won command His word is harder than his hand. If stone bear rule he masters men, And ruthless is their ransom then. The Holy Ghost, if He prevail, Man lives, exempt from lasting bale, And, gazing with the eyes of God, Of all he sees at home, abroad, Discerns the inmoBt heart and then Reveals it to his fellow-men. And they are truer, gentler, more Heroic than they were before. But he on whom the Light Divine Is lavished bears the sacred Sign, And men draw nigh in field or mart To hear the wisdom of his heart. For ho is calm and clear of face, And unperplexed he runs his race, Because his mind is always bent On Right, regardless of event. " Of each of those eight things decreed To make and mould the human breed, Let more or. ISBS in man and .man Be set as God has framed his,plan. But-still there is a ninth in Btore (God grant it now,and evermore!) Our Freedom, wanting which, we read, The bulk of earth, the .strength of stone, The bounding life o' the sea, the speed Of clouds, the splendour of the sun, The never-flagging flight of wind, The fervour of the Holy Ghost, The Light before the angels'iiost, Though all be in our frame combined, - - Grow tainted—yea, of no avail."' So song the sages of' the Gael. 