THE /MO DE RN MASS. ///,// ... . ( Continued.) Proceeding I o the prayers for the dead/ the Rubric calls on thecelebranttoisay-: : ." To tlicm, O Lord, and; to all who 'rest ' in Christ,! we -pray. .that thou mayest grant a' place of refreshment, light and, peace j (lie, joins;. his hands and, bows . his head), through .the same Christ, our Lord. Amen." r . We admit this to be an ancient prayer, and our reason for doing so is, that although it sanctions prayers for the dead, an early heresy, which received no sup port from our Lord or his holy apostles . still it proves to us that the errors of the church were introduced suceessively. Fori whom do they pray here? / For those who have departed or died with the sign of the faith, and sleep the sleep of peace. Where are'such— are they in purgatory ? How : can/ they be undergoing a process of purifying punishment, and, at tho same ti mej sleeping the sleep of peace? Those who die in the/Lord, in the faith of Jesus, rest from , their; labours, as St. John tells us, (Rev. xjv. 13,) upon the authority of a voice from heaven. Can anything be more, absurd than this doctrine ? If they die iii the Lord, they rest from their labours. They , only pray for those who die. in the faitli of the Lord Jesus; and though, they acknowledge they , sleep in peace, still they, pray that they may ob tain that which they already enjoy. Pur gatory could not have been believed when this prayer was written. Again, we find a plain pr, oof /that the church began to pray for the departed saints before it taught to pray to them ; and Doctor Milner, in, his " End, of Reli- .gious Controversy," unintentionally bears his testimony.to the truthof this asser tion. In the note on the, article ". Apos- tolicity,'Vhe is giving a, sort, of epitome of the history of the church, and, of the errors of those he, calls heretics. In the fourth century, he speaks "of the, Arians who impugned, (or oppose) prayers .for the dead." . And in the fifth century, he speaks , of Yigilantius,' " who scoffed at the celebacy of the clergy, prayers: to the saints, and veneration for . their, relics." Thus admitting indirectly that : praying for, preceded praying to, the saints, the one being attacked before the other. ; They pray riot only for, " ipsis N. et Ni,". that- is, for those who, are individually, .named, but also for " omnibus in Christo qriies- centibus for all who rest or sleep in Christf that, they may obtain a .place of refreshment, light and peace. .Now, do the saints rest in. Jesus: Christ,?' Does the blessed Virgin rest in Christ. Jesus? If they do, the church here teaches the peoplo to pray for them ; and how utterly inconsistently,: how absurdly are they instructed to pray for the saints and to the saints, in the. same service. > " . , ItUBKIC. '.' He strikes his breast with his right hand; and with- his voice a little raised, says — . To us, also, sinners, , thy sorvants, confiding, in the multitude- of - thy mercies, vouchsafe to, grant some part; and fellowship .with "thy lioly, apostles and martyrs ; with John, Stephen, Matthias, Bar- mibus, Ignatius, Alexander, Marcollihiis, Petor, Fclicitus, Perpotua, Agatha, Lueia; Agnes; Ooooilia, Anastasia,; and . ail the saints ; into .whoso com pany we beseech tlieo to admit us, not in oonsid- oration of any of our merits,. but the bestowor of pardon on our offonoos; through. Jesus Christ our Lord. ' Amen. \- By whom, O Lord, thou dost always creato'all these good things, (ho makes the sign of tho cross three times oyer the host and the chalice; saying :at tho same time)— Sanctify X, onlivon X, bloss X; and afford; us all of thorn, (ho then uncovers the cKalicc, kiiPols down; takes the sacrament in his right hnnd, holding the chalico'in his left, he makes the sign of , the cross three times from odge to edge of the chalice, saying)— by X whom, and with, X whom, and in X whom, (he makes the sign of the cross twice between the . chalice and his breast) there is to thee, God, the Father X Al mighty, in the unity of the Holy X Ghost, (rais ing tho chalice a little with the host, he says) — all honour and glory, (he lays down the host, ho covers the chalice, kneels down,- rises up, and says) — for ever and ever. Res. — Amen. We have, in this prayer, another re markable instance of the gross inconsist ency of some of the prayers in the Mass, with the professed doctrines of the church, and also with each other. They, call upon God to admit them into the fellowship of the blessed saints and apos tles and martyrs — and on what do they ground their claim to such a blessing ? Is it ou account of their own merits, or the merits of those apostles, saints, and mar tyrs?.. No, they disclaim most properly all such merit; and they beseech pardon through his merits, who alone possesses any in the sight of God, namely Jesus Christ, our Lord. We would here in quire, is it not sufficient to sup plicate to enjoy the fellowship of the holy apostles and saints, and martyrs as a body, but they must needs atso introduce a number of names of persons of whom they know nothing ? They may be good or bad, for augbt we know. The church assumes for her popes, the power of granting admission to Christ's glorious kingdom to those he approves of, but our Lord himself tells us he has dele gated that power to no person. " I am," said our Lord, " the first and the last, and am alive, >audr was dead; aud behold I am living for ever and ever; and have the keys of death and hell — Hades, the -Invisi ble World. /(Rev. i. 17-18.) He here says he retains them in his own posses sion. Aud ,in the 3rd chap., v. 7, Rev., we read — :thus saith the Holy One, aud the True One : he that hath the key of David;: he- that openeth and no man shut- teth, shutteth and no man openeth." Can any declaration be plainer to show that the popes have usurped a power which Jesus, the great shepherd of souls, re serves to himself and communicates to no man. The concluding part of this prayer is only remarkable for the numerous cros sings aud genuflexions used ; and here agaiu the same ideas occur to us which we alluded to before — that, when the church appointed all these crossings and blessings of the consecrated host and chalice, she never could have be lieved them to be the very body and blood of our Lord aud Saviour Jesus as requiring any of these forms called means of grace or blessings. And thus an un objectionable prayer is corrupted by these unscriptural and absurd forms, opposed by common sense to their own professed principles. Then follows the Lord's prayer, whose simplicity and clearness, as taught by our Lord Jesus Christ to his disciples/allows no address to angels for their intercession or to or for departed souls of the faithful —No crossings, or other superstitious practices. We are thus instructed to go at price to God, the Father of Jesus, our Saviour, and thus the reconciled Father and parent of all who trust in him. (To be continued.) 