THE SKETCHER. A FEW MYSTERIES OF THE BTAQE. Br SPLODGEB. Just about a year and a half ago, a paper of mine called "Make-Up" appeared in Tint Australasian. The paper described the pro cesses by which actors and actresses can transfigure themselves into the semblance of somebody else. It is now my object to ex plain the modus operandi by which certain mechanical effects are produced on the stage. This is the age of realism, and theatre- goers have become so accustomed to see everything real on the stage that they seldom trouble themselves to find out how the realisations or illusions-take your choice of wonts-axe ac complished. You goto the theatre to seethe "Corsican Brothers." and behold the very solid ghost of one of them rises out of the stage platform. There is no indication of a hole in the floor ing, and the ghost seems to grow out of the boards. You go to witness a performance of the " Flying Dutchman," and see Vander decken suddenly make Ida appearance through the mainmast of a ship. Again, yon are puuled when yon Bee the duel be tween Valentine and Mephistopbelea in that Kr&nd; drama "Faust" You wonder how it I cornea to saas that when the two swoxdi clash the devil a weapon burets into a few Clever contri vance does all this- r-and aer^i deal more-the contrivances being "very in genious and very Bimple. The devereat them all is the "Coraicab Brothera" bo it shall be described first It is n JittYl difficult to explain the working 0T® machinery, so the reader will have to scan the given details carefully, or he 'wiUh^t fogged. It works in this wayL Two lengths of boarding are taken out of the stage of a theatre, and a gap is left 2. Clean and welt-greased grooves are cut in the planks right and left of the gap. 3. The gap is bridged by a "scruto" band, which is a cunning appliance, for it is an elastic band of wood. If the reader Wants to thoroughly understand what "scrutowork" means he has only to get a piece of tape, a penknife, a box of wooden matches, ana some sum. Having these, he will cut the-matches into lengths just as broad as the tape, and gufa the little bits, of wood upon it close together, .until the upper surface becomes a strip of wood in stead of cotton. The under parts only of the wooden portions being lixed to the tape, the completed band iB tough, very strong, per fectly elastic. The sides of this wooden ribbon are made to run In grooves cut in the boards of the stage, and when properly fitted are as solid as iany other portions of it Beneath the stage there is a large wheel, like the broad-edged wheel of an old-fashioned water mill, and close to this wheel is an inclined tramway running.from one side of the cellar floor to the stage surtace on the opposite side. The." scrnto " runs on rollers placed on each side of the stage, and is made to move from right to left, or vice verm, by the big wheel. . On the inclined plane were is fixed (in a groove) a pedestal, attached,to a rope, that winds round the driving wheel: and as the lengths of " ftcruto " and pedestal rope are measured to a nicety, it follows Ahat when the motive wheel revolves, the Corsican ghost, who stands on the pedestal, advances, and ascends his inclined plane exactly at the sauie rate of speed as the moving stage above him. In the scruto " just over the head of the actor standing on the pedestal there is an openingedged by athin lilmof vulcanised india rubber all round. This belting iB coloured to look like the flooring, so, when the deceased Corsican rises, he appears to be actually grow form, and when the member of the Dei Franchi family, who had been sent into ghost laud by the remorseless Chateau Rtin&ud;, reaches the level of the permanent stage, there is no fear of any other actor fall ing down the hole he came through, for the summit of hiB pedestal has closed it "The Corsican Brothers' trap" is beyond doubt an ingenious appliance, but there is another specimen of stace mechanism that is more so. I allude to the rapid and entire change of scene as produced in the drama " In the Ranks," by a process that transforms an exterior into an interior, during the very few moments occupied in admiring, wonder ing, and listening to a few bars of music. A scene of this sort is called a "revolving scepe," and it costs a lot of money to build one, for it has to be built on a separate stage, which turns on a pivot in the real stage of the theatre. A scene is painted on both sides, and as the whole contrivance-walls, sides, ceiling, and all - is constructed to fold up like a fan, and as its stage runs on castors, it can, when no longer wanted be lifted out of its pivot, folded up and run into the " scene dock." The furniture used in a scene ot this description ; such its tables, chairs, kc.-is eithermost realistically painted on the walls or made to collapse with the scene. If the inventor of this illusion be living, he has good reason to feel proud of himself, and if he be dead, then-all honour to his memory! Now for another trick. When the Flying Dutchman comes from his phantom ship to board a passing vessel, he instead of coming up the ship's Bide like a well-behaved sailor-bursts on to the deck through the main mast, to the accompani ment of thunder, lightning, run, wind, and doleful music by tue orchestra. This is a capital illusion, and the stage mechanists don't grumble about it because it gives them little trouble to arrange. The mast has a double doorway fixed in it, and the very light portals which part1right and left are hinged on indiarubber hinges. When Vanderdecken gets his " cue," he dashes through the portals, which dose the instant his body has released them. The thunder crashes, the tempest roars, the "property" winds rage, and the audience-when the play is over goes home, and over its cold meats, pickleB, and "supper beer" explains to itself a whole cataloguerul of impossible mechanism, without a suggestion of the simple little arti fice describeaabove, and which is known to theatrical people under the designation of " vampire trap." Ordinary traps, such as you see in melodramas and pantomimes, are quite simple things, working just as hy draulic lifts do. the only difference being that they are raised and lowered by counter poise instead of water pressure. Hundreds of the many who read T/u AtutrawMaa every week, and visit theatres regularly^ will remember the grand "Snake Cave scene in the drama "Bound the World in Eighty Days," so splendidly put on the boards by the late lamented Mr. William Lyster and his genial brother Fred, at our Melbourne Opera-house; In this scene there was a weird, picturesque grotto where ser pents did just as they pleased; they crawled all over the sides of the cave, potrudM their head* through crevices in the rocKs, squirmed around promiscuously, and, w make matters more gruesome, an im mense boa constrictor eventually wngg«*» and curved itself across the stage m pur suit of somebody. His snakeship was * terrible-looking reptile and was alwayB greeted, with rounds of applause.^ It» the custom to compliment a clever stage vi lian " with a volley of hisses, because he so much accustomed to hiss himMlf*. * & king of serpents was a long coil of steel we. covered with a painted sldn of ^*"lor(jg being attached to several thin, «trong(pord8 (invisible to the spectator) playedibp jinks" as be travefi«LA man behind the scenes on the right hand ride of th ,jt pulled him forward ; another on the wx held him steady and straight, by a tacked to bistail, and other menabovis " flies"-wheretke gas jets wriggle, and squirm, nf oord. viciously, when they jerked ofoora. There never was before or bon8e terror of a snake as theOpe«*»u d one; yet he was fullero* ever vice than any real pyfom . yet travelled on its belly. The foot serpents tha* in iron, walls were explosive at metal, iw»it><r made of fid links of to hinged, artistically ^ could 3 when pulled by a gtring. » round the mostacute The smaller theioyserSWfitrwliicn can w po»b in any tOTWeP* . . ? i Jt.«n'br»4 The realkatioQ of early dawn-» r light, moonlight, fog, and mist to very cleverly managed on tfceatage, fey rary Bimpl, means. The limelight thrown through a disc oi red, orange.or yellow glass gives n i igh t effects, and the same rays through bine glass produce a very natural moon light. ' '* ' u In this direction the electric light ia not used because it flickers, and is too glaring. To produce a mist, a fog, or a ghostly atmosphere, screens of gauze are so arranged that'they can be either raised above the stage or lowered beneath it. The reader will ceadily understand that when several of these screens, or curtainB, are placed at intervals one behind the other, a mist can be gradually 'dispelled by slowly raising the screens one after the other: When the gauzes and the lime-lit discs are used in conjunction very beautiful effects can be produced. While on the subject of Illusions prrJ-"-J by gauze mediums, I must explain grand mirror can be constructed out 1 filmy tissue. Those who witnessed the Bplendid and expensive production of"Les Danicheffs" at the Melbourne Opera-house a good many years ago, will remember that in one of the acts the curtain rose to reveal a perfectly-furnished drawingroom Cna Russian -nobleman's house in St. Petersburg. You could see through the central bow window snow falling on the roofs of the houses oppo B*In the drawingroom all was handsonie, elegant, luxurious, and warm. There Were two magnificent fireplaces in title apartment, one on either side, and Btretching over the .mantelpieces were splendid gold - framed .mirrors. The fires burnt brightly in the Baton, the snow fell freezingly in a leaden atmo-' sphere outside, in the street; inside there were chandeliers and wax candles galore. There were some admirable illusions in this ' scene. The mantelpieces and states, and the 'clocks and candles, and ornaments otffiSfe' mantelpieces were real, but theglpwing coals in the fireplaoes, and the reflection in the mirrors of everything on the mantelpieces were sham. The grates were filled with lumps of abestos, made incandescent by gas jets, and what appeared to be glass in the mirrors was only a few yards of blue gauze, stretched tightly in a gilded frame. The way in which the objects on the mantelpieces were made to appear as if they were reflected on the sham looking-glasses was managed after the manner now to be explained. Be hind the scene there ,was a shelf, oorre-? sponding to the mantelpiece in front and on the behind shelf were reversed dedicates of the clock, the chimney ornaments, and lighted candles! Is not this an ingeniousarrangement ? Stage managers are not fond of real minors of formidable size, because they are costly, heavy, and very brittle; besides, they tell tales, by reflecting things which the people on the stage don't want the people in front to Bee. Of course the stage mechanisms, Like those used in industrial factories-"worked by steam-have dangers pertaining to them. To the credit of the "stage hands," however, it muBt be stated that accidents due to faulty machinery are very rare. It is seldom that one hears of an actor falling through a "trap" carelessly left open, or "coming to grief* through the breakage of a rope. Serious accidents do sometimes occur, bat they are few and far between. In Dion Boucicault'sdrama "TheShangh raun," one of the characters-Robert Ffolliott -makes his escape out of prison by moving imaginary hand and foot holds in thewall with a chisel that he has secreted, He hks to climb up a perpendicular plane to reach a window, placed about 10ft above the stage, and when he gets there he has to crawl side ways, like a crab, to another window a couple of yardB away. During his progress poor Bob F. has to keep up a converaa tion with his friend, the Shaughxaun who is loosening some stones in thewal outside, and finally the prisoner scrambles through a window. During this scene poor Flolliott is holding on by nand and foot to little cleats fixed on the framework of the scene. Bob has a very bad time at this staee of the evening's work, for beyond the physical exertion he is conscious that if he falls the audience will laugh at him, and that it he loses his balance in getting through the window he will stand a fair chance of creak and BkitUe&" ** aCt°r'8 We fa n0t "1111 Having no w described some of the most in genious contrivances (an actor would call ilfeibT EftS Jupiter roHans of the theatre. Thunder is made to rattle, crash, and grumble by «n!iinig «®n<>n-balis behind the stage, th»thf^e ia Iong' ^road 8triP of sheet iron that hangs close to the prompter's box, In i thatP^v«tl0a of ^tning, an instrument rmfn vei? like a very large Ger X Stifftt u, ^ v1*? machine is ?SrSF'S?iid°tk^K tgfi& &nl; hii powder the flame intS. W m a ignited by results. i- a . startling flash KdmSWln^ iB a P*PanJo*Tof lianteff^rt.'^ a much more bril 'S5? af teA which ate X In al°fi^T? **.' ** dicular pieces of stooiS wST^ffeL E?, wires, And produces & vafv - tion of a ^ JL ^5^ ** trie piece of silken WWBt a Pens that, in f» Wj&wit; ba^ sword bursts Vat^tine's phiBtophelea' wmSm crosses Me BimplejorionebSffiB#^ 18 packet full of chemi^i^^6<!i? lttif0 PaPer strip of flannel£K? fr" when they tomlrS?1 pl ed myalffi* JS. 