SPORTING NOTES FROM ENCLAND. By Hldidra.?. lie knows what's what."— Butler London. 14tli May, Those readers of The Leader who aro family men will know what ismeaut in the parlance of iliepautry by a "hash" day. After high days and holidays, when tho festive board has been groaning under it$ burden, comes the reaction, tho time when odds and ends have to bo con sidered, -and when tho scraps of tho oourmand have to bo convortod into every day fare Then Is a "hash" made of tho pickings. This letter I also intend, in its way, to be a " hash." Of late salient features in tho Imperial pastime ti8V6 fully occupied my attention, ond miner matters have been allowed to stand aside, Theso unconsidered trifles it shall now be my business to collect and cook into a " hash." The result of the Ono Thousand has caused a reconsideration of tho Two Thousand riddle, and Paradox has once more been pnrtially re stored to favor. H thero was one thing more to he unlookcd for than another it was tho victory of Farewell in tho Ladies' Newmarket Race. I myself heard John Porter tell a personal friend of his nnd a particular friend of mine, just as the animals were going to tho post, that his representative had not a ghost of a chance. The Kingsclero trainer honestly believed this, my friend honestly believed, and I honestly believed it, for so great is my horror of being deemed a caudidato for tho Ananias Stakes that I fear to say how many stones— not pounds, mark you— the sou of Sterling and Casuistry could give to the filly. But not only did she win, but haud- somoly j and now conies what the hard of all ages calls "tho question" — Was Farewoll's victory due to her own excellence or to her op ponents' mediocrity ? An answer to this is easily arrived at. Wit h sixteen runners, betting which ii 5 to 4 about tho favorite nnd 9 to 1 bar ono tells a tale ns to tho ring estimate of the merits of tho other fifteen. Nor was a look in tho paddock assuring, as a more common looking lot never did battle for n elassio race, and amongst even such a ragged assortment only three or four wero hacked for money. Still, weeds ns they were, a good many ran fast forn certain distance, but as tho Bushes hill camo to be descended and Farewell went to the front all was over. Pursuit was hopeless. The winner started at 20 to 1, tho second at 33 to 1, and tho third at 9 to 1, wliilo theredliot favorite was beaten a short head for place honors. Yes it niav safely ho taken for granted that tho lot wero moderate in the extreme. . Those who love to call themselves tho talent have already come round to tho opinions ex pressed by me on tho first blush in my last fetter, and Paradox is now decidedly a better favorite than Melton. After tho victory of Xaintraillcs in Franco thero nro not want ing those who shout what a good thing tho Two Thousand would have been for him " had ho started. Perhaps it might, but. per haps also it might not, as reasoning of that kind is gonerally fallacious. View tho matter from; another stand point. Suppose Paradox had been an -absentee, would not theso very same wiseacres have - howled that the race would havo been 'very little belter than nn exorciso canter fori him when suoh a duffer as tho Chopette .colt gained so easy a victoiy. Upon the. departed glories of Chester I am not going io' dilate. Not so ninny years ago tho Chester Cup was in the matter . of winter speculation a strong rival to tho Derby itself. But now all that is changed — tempera mutantur, &c.; — and instead of being tho only one place of tryst between the Two Thousand and Epsom, it has got sandwiched between the Rowley Mile contest and the Manchester Cup, and had all tho lifo knocked out of it. Like Sheridan's incomparable simile, it is the same as tho connecting link between the Old nnd New Testaments— a blank leaf. Still I like the old fashioned place, and this year am more than over in love -with it. Tell it not in Gath nor publish it in tho streets ot ABKelon .i was . actually present at tno deliberations of the mighty Hammond stable over this race.- Merry Princo won, and Merry Prince, as my readers are aware, belongs to an intimate hookmakingfricndoimiuc in Glasgow. The story of the horse and its owner, how it camo.into his possession nnd what it did for him lit the first pop, was told in theso columns in my Two Thousand letter a couple of years back. The opposition here was of tho very weakest, mid yet at the very Inst moment the slipping of what turned out to ho the winner actually hung in tho balance. Merry Prince's staying powers were doubtful, and the Chester Cup is a 2 miles and a quarter race ; hut, as I pointed out to tho conclave, an animal could stay 2 miles easier round Chester than 6 furlongs n't Nowmarkot— tho frequent turns givo' fresh rests. 1 reasoned from pedestrianism to the turf, and it was well within my experience that peds who could not run 8 score yards right out could last a quarter in good company when many corners had to bo negotiated. Tho result of the race verified my argument to tho letter, and I know that Steel, Peach, Bob Howett, &c.;, who dabbled with " talking horses" beforo 1 they, blossomed on tho turf, have often similarly rcasoned, and with similar results. -Three Newmnrkot trained horses started the lending three horses for the" Chester Cup, their names being Barrister, Lonsdale ana Merry Prince. The sapient horse watchers at head quarters to a man went for tho first named two, and with singular unanimity pooh-poohed the actual winner; bnt then would he authori ties nt Newmarket are too often hut blind leaders of the blind. Billiards still flourish in our midst, and since last they wore referred to by me some wonder ful deeds have been done. John Roberts has been again gilding- tho refined gold of billiard proficiency, and as I have already exhausted all my stock of adjectives in praising his marvel lous play I must allow that well rounded phrase to stand by itself. Ho gave Cook 2000 in 12,000 for what was advertised as £100 aside, but that all was gammon, although ono paper that has taken billiards and billiard players under its fostering wing assures its readers that the money wn3 actually posted. But the veriest tyro knows that tho posting of money does not of necessity constitute a genuine match, . If tho matcli, however, was not genuine the play was, and as an exhibition, financial as well as otherwise, it was a gigantic success. Monoy— ready money — wob actually turned away from tho doors, and yet I havo seen the day, nnd that not so long since, when dead heads with paper would not ho tempted to endure any such infliction. It is Roberts's won derful form that has caused all Iho change. Tho champion of champions won by tho narrow majority of 2759 ! which means that with tho 2000 givon- he put together 12,000 to Cook's 7241\. . Cook showed some hits of brilliant play, hut thoy wero more flashes in tho pan, and never sustained. Roberts steadied himself a bit the last two nights, or there is no saying.by how many additional points ho could have won. Another curiosity in billiards occurred in a recent exhibition match between Mitchell and Peall. For a time the former was dead out of form and dead out of luok, and while Peall strung together 1000 odd in four innings, his oppouont only scored 42 At one timo tho little Brixtoniun actually led by 4385 points (tho matcli was 12,000 up). Then Mitchell put a different complexion upon affairs, and give such a display as "young John" would ho proud of. His first important break was 307, and then in rapid succession camo 150, 336, 180, 722, G74, and 145, ho scoring 2565 to Pcall's 311, Tit for tat this with a veugoance. The Aquarium executive have also been the means of tho accomplishment of wonders in tho pedestrian line. Ina go-as-you-please exhibition, six days, twelvo hours a day, a best on record was totalled up. Rowell and Littlewood wero the couplo in whom all tho interest centred. At their last meeting Rowoll's log gave way, and Littlewood won, his Sheffield ndmirors para phrasing the giving way of tho leg into his being walked, or trotted, off liie feet. This time Litllewood's knees filled, nnd Rowell won, his supporters retaliating in similar strains to thoso usod to their man before. Howell's per formance was n great one, nnd hud occasion required ho could havo covered much more than the 430 miles which now stand to his credit— a distance which, all the same, is 15 miles heller than tho previous best. It was painful to look at tho O'Lenry and Weston ex hibitions seven and eight years ago, when a man could remain on tho track as long as ho chose, and stood no chance of success if ho were absent more than four hours out of tho twenty-four. But with twolvo hours a day nil is different, and Rowell finished quito as gaily and apparently ns fresh ns wlion ho had begun, knocking off his concluding mile iu 0 mill, w rcc.- Of tho burlesques at milo running, walking, &c.;, which tills success led to it is unnecessary to speak. They wero frauds nnd won't be repeated. Hntchins,'our sprint champion, lias hit upon a now plan of raising Iho wind. For a bet of £50 (?) ho announced Ms intention of attempt ing to break tho 120 yards, tho 140 yards and tlio 220 yards records, which stand, or stood, or were supposed to stand, nt 111 sec., 14 soc., and 22; see. respectively. What on earth is the use of trying to gammon tho public with such nonsense ns this. There wns no bet of courso to start with, and tho Putney phenomenon was known by those who take an interest in thoso things not to be fit. When fit he lias more than once run tcrcn or eight garde ineide. evens nt Sheffield, nnd tiiat for wliat tho blades of tho cutlery town call " the brass." He has alsorun 300 yards publicly in 30 sec. Any such attempts ns these, therefore, arc. simply ..so much bosh, hut they answered their purpose) and brought monetary grist.not much— hut still some— to the champion's mill. 