TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD Sir,— In THE HERALD of Saturday there was a letter from Mr John Turner, Baptist minister, to which I should like to reply briefly. With regard to the Trinity, Mr Turner seems to imply that it requires some special kind of training to comprehend the doctrine. I should imagine that it did, especially as regards the half-and-half doctrins of modern apologiste. Mr Turner says he believes in one God, but he also believes in "three subsistences in deity." In order to illustrate this point (which sadly needs some illustration), he says that man is composed of body, soul, and spirit. But, will Mr Turner please be perfectly straight forward, and say if this is all that he means by the Trinity. Does he simply mean that there is one God, absolutely and literally, and that this God reveals Himself in three different ways : Ways that are at all identical with man's manifestations in body, soul, and spirit? If Mr Turner really believes this, he is, strictly speaking a Unitarian. According to the correct theory of the Trinity there was a time — a peculiar occasion - when God the Father was enthroned in Heaven, while God the Son stood on earth for baptism, and God the Holy Ghost came down in the form of a dove. Did Mr Turner ever know a man whose body, souI and spirit could be separated in anything like this way ? 1 know the theory that Mr Turner puts forward, that of three subsistences instead of three persons in the Godhead. In fact it is a kind of half-and-half Unitarianism. The doctrine of the Trinity (of three persons) is so manifestly absurd and impossible, that come mystical theory has to be invented as a safeguard against Unitarianism pure and simple. Again, Mr Turner refers to the words of Christ, "I and my Father are one," conveniently ignoring the words referring to the disciples, in which Christ says they also may be one with him and the Father. If this letter passage were dealt with on the same principle as the former one, the Trinity would be expanded to an alarmlng extent. Let Mr Turner, and all such semitrinitarians, semi- unitarians, understand that thinking men and women, in these days, are not to be humbugged with assurances that these matters can only be "spiritually discerned," nor will they be persuaded into unrational theories about the deity because a Hebrew word is plural and not singular. There has been far too much of this mystery and jugglery about religion and theology, and Mr Justice Williams deserves commendation and thanks for several reasons. He deserves these because he has shown that the popular ???? is a mere superstition because he has shown that religion will live in the human heart when superstition has of cowardice and deception and hypocrisy he deserves the sympathy and support to fall rations, thinking men and women for his honesty and courage. There are thousands who agree with Mr Justice Williams, how many are there who have his bravery and honesty? - Yours, &c.; 'ONCE A BAPTIST, NOW A UNITARIAN." 