THE PRICE OF PEACE IRELAND. IN Sift, CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY ON HOME RULE. To His Excellency the Eael of Carnarvon. Deab, Lord Carnarvon,—Having had the opportunity and the duty of studying your career as Secretary of State for the Colonies through two administrations, and the personal satisfaction of transacting public business with you, I cordially welcome you to Ireland. The upright policy and the high generous purpose which distinguished the Earl of Carnarvon as Minister for forty colonies will, I trust, make his Irish viceroyalty memorable. It is an office I cannot conceive your Excellency accepting, unless to use It for some exceptional end. Its routine duties can have few attractions for a statesman who has handled impoitant Interests and guided large Issues. But at this moment it furnishes, I think, the agency for performing tbe greatest public Bervloe that remains for a British statesman to undertake—and this, I trust, was your chief motive in crossing the Irish Chancel. To be an ordinary Lord Lieutenant would be to descend in the scale of duties and dignities. Ont of a long list of the soldiers and nobles who have held that office the majority are quite forgotten; some are remembered only because they :have left an evil reputation, but a ohosen few will live for ever in the grateful memory of the Irish people. Lord Fifzwilliatn shines in our annals like the :morning star of dawninp liberty. Commissioned by Pitt to concede oomplete Emancipation to the Oatbolics in tbe jlast century, while O'Connell was still ,an unknown law student, he was baffled iund thwarted by the bigotry which has been the blackest curse of this island ; but though he failed, he is fondly remembered for what he devised and attempted. Another of your predecessors, Lord Wellesley, discountenanced that malign spirit when it was most rampant in Dublin Castle; and for this service he is more honoured in Ireland than his illustrious brother. Lord Anglesea bade >us hope and strive when our counsels were most troubled, and his name is •still a pleasant sound to Irish ears. But labove all, Lord Mulgrave, the first representative of the Crown in Ireland isince the surrender of Limerick who dared to be greatly just. His son, the .present -Marquis oi Normanby, has served at the centre and at the extremities of the Empire, and wherever he jWent he found Irishmen who held his jfather's name in reverence and affection. jBut there is a wider and more permanent irenOwn to be won than any of these rviceroys achieved. It remains by one jhuppy stroke to give peace to Ireland, land to make the connection of these islands secure and permanent. There is only one method ; an easy and obvious ;one. It haB succeeded in other countries [in graver difficulty. There never was [any other method; there never will be [uny other. All others are doomed to juertain disaster and failure. I need not !name it; it is in every man's mind and iori every man's tongue at this moment. jThe statesman who accomplishes this jtask will leave a name which will live jtis long as history endures. Addressing an ex-Minister of the Colonies, I can confidently appeal to your own knowledge and experience on the significant lessons which colonial history furnishes to guide a statesman in dealing with the affairs of Ireland at present. Between forty and fifty years ago, when jl came to this city a young Btudent and journalist, the great colonies were more disturbed than Ireland in 1880. Lower •Canada was organising Insurrection under Oatholic gentlemen of French descent, and Upper Canada was in arms under a {Scotch Presbyterian. Australia was tben {only a great pastoral settlement, but {bitter discontent and angry menaces were iheard in all its centres of population, iprovoked by tho shameful practice of id if charging the criminals of England like ! i.deluge of filth on that young country. SA few years lftter ihe Cape Colony boyicotted the Governor and tbe local executive in the same quartet more effectually than the device has been ever employed in Ireland. It was the same in the smaller settlements. There was confusion throughout the oolonial possessions of the Empire in both hemispheres. But Sir Robert Peel set the example of granting to the colonies the control of their own affairs, and now Melbourne or Montreal is more exuberantly loyal to the Empire than London or Edinburgh. The New South Wales expedition to the Soudan the other day was received with a roar of exultation throughout England; but I fear tbst that remsikeble transaction, however warmly it was applauded, was imperfectly understood. The ' true moral it teaches is othiB—that it is safe «nd wise -to be | just. !Ttie-fteting^Prime -Minister of ihe colony who d^parched that expedition is an Australian Catholic of Iiisb descent. If bis native country wfxe governed as Ireland has been governed, he has the stuff iu him to be a leader of revolt. But it is permitted to govern itself, and we see the result. The policy of the expedition was sharply questioned in the colony; but it was successfully vindicated at a great public meeting, where the chair was occupied by the Chief Justice of New South Wales, the son of an Irish Catholic, and where the principal speaker was himself a Catholic, born in this island. In Victoria, where the policy and conduct of the Soudanese expedition may perhaps have mitigated popular enthusiasm with that enterprise, the risk of war with Ruesia called out a demonstration as energetio as the one in the mother colony. A recent telegram announces that the Irish population of Victoria nndertook to raise a regiment of a thousand men for the defence of the territory where they found liberty and prosperity. Their spokesman was « youug Irish Catholic, who has been a Minister of State at Melbourne at Bn age when his father was a prisoner of State in Dublin, for the crime of insisting that Ireland should possess the complete autonomy which his children now enjoy in the new country. These are some of the natural consequences of fair play in Australia. Is there any reason to doubt that a like canee here iwould produce like effects? Nothing that the blackest pessimist prediots on the danger of entrusting Ireland with tbe management of her own affairs Is more offensive or alarming than the vaticinations of colonial officials half a century ago on the perils of entrusting colonists with political power. Human nature has the Bame spiritual warp .and woof in the old world as in the new, and what has made Irish Catholios contented and loyal on the banks of the Parramatta and the Yarra Yarra would make them contented and loyal on the banks of the L'ffey or the Shannon. What was the subtle device, what was the mighty magic which wrought tbe change in their sentiments beyond the AUantioand Pacific i Fair play, I repeat—simply fair play. I do not propose—I .would scorn to propose—that the Conservative party should do something in itself objectionable bocause it wonld result in a party .convenience and a party guin. But in suggesting that thsy should undertake a work which is essentially just and necessary, and I believe inevitable, I may ask your Excellency to remember- thattaking the initiative will enable them to accompany the concession with reasonable securities, which may otherwise <be .omitted. Why should I not add that it -will «lso bring them as an immediate return what to all Governments Is the primary condiUon of ««ist*i»e8—political power. If the .Cabinet of Lord Salisbury will .undertake to restore t o Ireland the control of her own interest's &b; completely as it is enjoyed in the .great colonies, it may be doubted if a eingle member would be sent from Iceland at the coming elections who would not support that programme and sustain the Administration who propounded it. Experts affirm that a Conservative majority is unattainable in England cum Wales, or in Scotland; if it comes it rnupt come from Ireland. A Conservative leader who is now a Cabinet Minister* made this admission in specific terws. in a memorable article in 'the Fortnightly Review. Assuming him to be well informed oh so cardinal a point, the question is simplified to its very elements, if the Conservative party will have tbe courage to be just to Ireland, they know the gain; if they refuse to be just, they know the penalty; or, rather, letme say, they may estimate the penalty.approximately, for none of us know what strange birth the new Parliament will bring forth, any more than Frenchmen a century ago knew the tremendous progeny destined to'.be born of tbe first assembly of the Tiers 'Etat. To your Excellency, familiar with the open and occult history of .political parties in Europe, I need not plead that the most popular. and powerful of contemporary statesmen have often found it necessary to come to terms, not only with neutrals but with adversaries. The typical representative of skill andforceinour day, Prince Bismarck, after a fierce conflict with the Catholic Conservatives in Germany, and a vain attempt to beat them down by penal laws, frankly sought their assistance, and paid for it by large concessions. Thirty years ago, when the English Whigs under Lord John Russell, and the Neo-Whigs under Lord Pa\m>-rston, were baffled, and beaten by the Peelites, they ended by making a truce and an alliance with.them. An ordinavy Ecglish Conservative is. cot .separated from an ordinary Jriftb .Nationsiist. by^. divergence Jjf ujpimofl j&s; .wide cr by a livelier distrust Than _spi5rated Mr. " If^ftiii 'i j.bqfc political neceseijy.T jttBT^ifaifi,Aflnd iib«y jcined hands. Why should not we P If {I uyiy have recourse to cotcniftl examples, rno one knows better' than your iSrclr.r jle.ncy that they are multitudinous. In (all the great colonies coalitions have sooner or later been formed, And have worked fairly W6ll where wider differences and stronger antipathies had to jbe composed than exist in the present joase. I feel almost ashamed to say that what meditate is a settlement of the Iruh {question—accepted as well .as offered in good faith, a plan capable of being worked for the oommon good of Irishmen, not for any special creed or class, but for all alike, and which would be defended against all enemies from within or from without, In the same spirit in which it •was accepted. This, and nothing short of this, has been the design of my whole public life; and I am as faithful to it nonr bb when I shared the counsels oE O'Connell or O'Brien. I am not In the feast afraid that the religious freedom of jthe minority would be endangered, but I {would rejoice to Bee a risk whloh Is improbable frankly rendered impossible. No one, as far aB I know, desires to disturb the Act of Settlement, but the Act of Settlement ought to be put entirely beyond question. Your Excellency knows {that in colonial and American Constitutions dangers of the s»me general character had to be guarded against, and have been guarded against successfully. The French- {Canadian Catholics, who are now a handful In the midst of a nation, would not |enter into the Dominion without guarantees for their religious liberty and their pieredltary possessions; and you know Ithese have been effectually secured and iare safe beyond all risk. The moat jserions difficulty undoubtedly resides in jthe recollection of the minority that their jpredecessora « sed their supremacy 4yranpously, and in their fear that>the put fwould necessarily provoke repritala. We Icannot ignore the faot that an atrocious Land Code, an offensive pulpit, and a rvenomous Press sowed the seed of bitterness throughout the Island—but let us iremember that antagonists as bitter bava ;been reconciled in Switzerland, and that ft Catholic people long subjected to similar injustice in Belgium have set an example of generous oblivion .of the past and wise liberality towards rival creeds -which no other country in Europe oan match. For myself, as one Catholic Gelt, I rwill say that the men I most honour in jour history, and ihe friends I have most (loved in life, belonged in a large proportion to a race and creed which are not jmine. Swift and Molyneux, Flood and Grattan, were not only Protestants, but jthe sons of English officials serving in Dublin courts and bureaux. Carran, iTone, and Father Mathew were the jdescen<3ants of Cromwellian -settlers. IThe father of the best Irishman I jbave ever known, or ever hope to jknow, who has been the idol of two generations of students and thinkers, was a Welshman, wearing tbe uniform of an English regiment. I trust .your Excellency jb not unacquainted with the honoured name of Thomas Davis. Be assured -that .there are now a host of Irishmen who would die rather than suffer any wrong to be inflicted on their countrymen on' pretence of creed, or class, or descent, or historic feuds. And if it be so, the greater praise belongs (as the poet has sang) to tbe young Irish patriot of Welsh descent, who died a [generation ago in his thirty-second year. Let us look at this political question for a moment from the legitimate standpoint of political convenience. There is a great result to be accomplished, and the party which your Excellency represents in Ireland could accomplish it more promptly and effectually than the Liberals, just as they carried a Redistribution of Seats Act the other day, which would have been impossible to their opponents. But there is more than one Biohard in the field, and competition is as salutary in politics as in commerce. If Sir Charles Dilke and Mr. Chamberlain come to lreiland to study what are cynically called our " local institutions," I trust they wlfl receive prompt assistance in the investigation of these -singular phenomena. An IriBh grand jury is a fiscal instrument that oannot be - defended with a grave face. It is worthy of the region of Laputa rather than an empire where taxation without representation Is pronounced to be tyranny. And Ireland is ridden by boards and commissions constructed bn the principle that the wishes of-tbe people count fofc nothing. It is not conceivable that these abortions will long co- exist with household, suffrage and equal toral districts. 7 fThey will probablyTanish, like a ghost at cock-crow, wneh ft"H6use of Ceniihons founded on theBe bases'Bits in Westminster. •Bttt what Is to sncoewl theoH This is a ^nestfon whtefr itijp hoves batfepfeHitrtntfi^^Hb^c^Sw.'' If the* Rtj&oal; lejftfera*i»nfine^»f!B*«W4 to'a gterifteatvM% fti^yawtleft 3 ** an improvement on the present system (what change could fall to be anlmproremsDtP); but It will do nothing to satisfy the desire of the nation to control its own destiny. Tbe main end for which Iceland needs anative Parliament is not to gratify the longing for autonomy, though no wise man will undervalue that sentiment, nor to engage in new politioal conflicts ; but to administer national interests which have long gone to wreck and ruin. Our resouroes are wasted, our trade and commerce in decay, and our people, after an exodus extending over forty years, still fly from the country for want of the guardian care of a legislature with adequate knowledge and sympathy. The most complete transfer of authority from the gentry to the peasantry will do little to further this end. On the other hand it may work permanent wrong, for I fully recognise tbe justice of the principle which has been legalised in democratic Australia —that the liability to pay taxes ought to be represented in fair proportion in any assembly authorised to Impose them. The Irish gentry may well believe that English Radicals, fresh from a first inspection of the preposterous Institutions whioh they have maintained in Ireland, will treat them more mercilessly than their own oountrymen would do. It is my rooted conviotion that a juster, safer, and more permanent settlement may be made by a Government disposed to arbitrate fairly between Irish parties than by one simply bent on destroying what is no longer defensible. But Ireland has waited too long and suffered too much not to be ready to welcome deliverance from any hand. It is idle to balance the merits of Whig, Tory, and Radical in such a contingency. For myself, I will say that if I had to choose between a Conservative Government which would undertake this supreme and essential work and a Cabinet of Mr. Gladstone's supporters, or, indeed, of the Seven Sages, or the Twelve ApoBtles who refused to undertake it, I would support the former with all my strength. On the other band, if the choice lay between a Radioal administration prepared to restore our constitution and the best conceivable Government of Conservatives which refused to do BO, my choice would be OB speedily made. But at present the Radicals are on the wrong road. Wbeu Mr, Cnamberlain speaks of sweeping away Dublin Castle he appeals to deeplyrooted aud well-grounded feelings of distrust aud dislike ; but Dublin Castle and the Viceroyalty are tbe last remnants of the eeparnte organisation of the Irsh nation. Not to destroy, but to reform and restore fhem, is the design and duty of Irish Nationalists. In all the British dominions there is no considerable State except Ireland with a Governor which has not also a Parliament— tbe one is the complement of the other; and we, who are determined to regain our Patiiament, would be frantio to destroy the kindred and completing institution associated with it. European publicists have noted as a characteristic of English statesmen that they f-xpect politioal results at an inadequate price, Bnd are constantly baffled and disappointed from this miscalculation. Tbe permanent peace of Ireland is worth a large price, and is to be had at. no other than the one long specified The wonder of Englishmen that we are not contented aud delighted with tbio concession or that is quite insensate. If a sane man were put into a lunatic »sy luui and the administration of bis estate given to strangers, it would be idle to ifl>r him ameliorations of bis condition as a remedy. A softer bed and more succulent fare are good things, doubtless, but what are they worth to a man who wants to get out of bonda and resume the control of bis fortune? I am more certain <f nothing under the sky than that your Excellency came to Ireland from the most generouB and humane motives. But the beBt intentions are vain if they wits the right road. There is no man more unpopular in Ireland than M.\ Forster, yet I am certain Mr. Forster cam* to Dublin bent on generous desire s. When I met him first. In the year 1849, he was engaged in administering a fuua for the relief of the famine contributed by the Society of Friends, and he performed his task in a spirit which was pronounced to be " worthy of the Good S»marltan." Be entered warmly into the feelings of tbe people, and w 6 frankly indignant at a laud syaiem which mocked their prayer for daily bread. Yet, iu defenoe of that, very system, he filled our prisons with men aud women thirty years later because h- missed the right io*d ; because, iu the argot of modern journalism, h» had lust touoti of the Irish people. Mr. Ttevelyan, who succeeded him, is a man of rare gifia aud great force of oharaoier. Toe abolition of the purchase syeiem in the army, and the establishment of household suffrage in oountiei, are au fond more attributable to him than to Mr. Gladstone. Sis literary gifts rival, and in some respects exceed, those of his distinguished unole, yet his life in Ireland was completely wasted. He would not open the door of the asylum, and the detenu did not want sops in the pan, but the liberty to enjoy his life, of whioh he had been defrauded. If the naked truth rarely reaches the ears of prinoes, vice-princes, I presume, do not altogether escape tbe same penalty. I have ventured to tell your Excellency the exact truth in tbiB business, as far as I know it, from respect for your character and relianoe on your high courage and sense of duty. What you believe to be right you will certainly do at whatever cost, and I take tbe liberty of telling you, without circumlocution, what I am persuaded is right, and what alone is right and adequate in the premises. The enterprise may be difficult and laborious, but it is the more worthy of a statesman. And the reward is commensurate—a place in history with Richelieu and Somers, with Washington and Grattan, with Deafe, Cavour, and Bismarok—the founders of nations. Tbe one important Irish measure whioh the Government has introduced does not cross, but harmonises with the design I have foreshadowed. The longing of a section of the Irish gentry to " sell and sail" is not an heroic policy indeed, and the best of them will, I trust, prefer to share tbe fortunes of their native country. But those who persist in flying will be beneficially replaced by tenant-farmers turned into small proprietors. We have been so long trained in defensive and aggressive agitation in Ireland tbat scarcely any of ns realises how completely the attainment of our end would alter our desires and duties. A selfgoverned Ireland will not want agencieB of agitation, but elements of stability and security. In the most democratic States ia Europe, as well as in the most feudal, small proprietors have proved an important factor in securing public tranquillity. And Irishmen who came Into possession of their country, and desired to make the best of It, would of all men most need the serene atmosphere in whioh social and industrial reforms flourish. To atudy the problem how small States have beoome prosperous and happy, and how to raise up a long depressed people, will be the inspiring task of our young men in a native Parliament; and in Switzerland and in Belgium, where the landowner holds the plough, serenity aud contentment are universal. But by itself a Land Purohase Act will be a half measure destined like all its forerunners to end in disappointment. There is but one specific, my lord; but it will work like a charm in contenting the Irish race at home and abroad. Believe me, dear Lord Carnarvon, your faithful and obedient servant, C. GAVAN DUFFY. Shelbourne Hotel, 21st July. 