THE RUSSIAN ARMY AND NAVY. (From theo Mornint Post.) The uncertainty, which prevails with regard to the relations between Eng land and Russia, owing to the Afghan frontier question, imparts additional interest to; the .state .of the Russian military and naval resources. The con dition of the army of Russia was filly dealt with in an article which appeared recently in these columns, and it wvill now be sufficient for the purpose to state that, omitting from our calcula tion non-combatants, Riissia would in case of war be able to place in the field at once 758,000 infantry, 53.000 rifle men, 56,000 cavalry (included in which force there would be .14 independent' cavalry' divisions, with 168 guns), in creased immediately by about 48,000:! combatants by the formation; of 79i additional C(ossack regiments; 88,000 artillery; with 3456.guns ; and 35,000 engineers. The above figures. are based upon a work published quite re cently on the Russian army, which enables us to form an accurate estimate of the land forces at the disposal of Russia. The filures given show that the country possesses a field army of 1,038,000 combatants, .with over 3600 guns. -As,. however, 'accord ing to the same source, in case of a mobilisation, an infantry reserve of 400,000 men woull at once be avail able, the grand total of a pos sible Russian field army could be raised to 1,438,000 men. But this does not by auy means represent the real fighting, strength of Russia, for there is available a second reserve, the first class of which would supply nearly 2,000,000 men, whilst no esti mate hasyet been formed of the number comprised in the second class. It has been observed by a recent writer that.Russia is practically unas sailable in J'urope by Ergland. To some extent the justness of his con elusions must be admitted; but surely he cannot overlook the fact that in case of hostilities the Russian navy could not hope to successfully cope with that of Great Britain. Alarmists in this country notwithstanding, our navy is still a weapon not to be despised; and the Russian Government knows very well that injury could be inflicted by ourships. At the same time it would be folly if we omitted to take into ac count the offensive power, such as it is. which Russia possesses in her navy. It is true that navy within recent years receded from the third position, which it formerly occupied, to the seventh place among naval Powers; yet it is still formidable enough to be respected, as the following statement will show. The Russian navy is divided into four divisions, the Baltic Fleet, the Black Sea Fleet, the Siberian Fleet, and the Caspian Fleet, of which. however, only the first two need be taken seriously into account. The Baltic fleet comprises 32 ironclads, viz., 5 turret frigates, 8 armoured cruisers (3 of them building), I case ment ship, and 5 battery ships of the old type, all classed as battle ships, besides 13 monitors for coast defence, and all launched before 1867; 94 tor pedo vessels and boats, 24 cruisers, viz., 2 torpedo ram cruisers (1 build ing), 12 clipper ships of the new and 3 of the old tppe, I frigate, and 6 flush-decked corvettes, 12 gunboats of the new and 5 of the old type; 30 yachts, viz., 9 steam yachts, 4 steam cutters, and 17 sailing yachts; and 79 transport, harbour, etc., ships (2 build ing) of which only 2 are sailing ships (1 (lbuilding). Total strengt Baltic fleet: 2,16 vessels of a (of which 5 are under const. The Black Sea fleet comprises clads, viz., 3 turret ships (all bui 2 Popoffkas, and 2 armoured gut. 14 torpedo vessels and boats, 7 cr of the volunteer fleet, 3 aux cruisers; 86 other unarmoured vei viz., 2 yachts, 2 flush-deck corvet4 screw-steamer, 2 paddle-steamere screw schooners, 14 vessels classe steamers, 45 small steamers, 1 m ship, and five fire-ships. Total stren of the Black Sea fleet: 117 vessel: all descriptions, some of them, het ever, very old. The three most pow ful ships of that division of the R: sian fleet are still under constructik As was stated above, the biberian a. Caspian fleets do not count for mue and the latter would only come in requisition in case of an Afghan Persian war for the transport of troor but to make this return complete tl should be included. The Biberian'f comprises 6 torpedo boats, 1 elipl 8 transport-vessels, 4 gunboats, steamers of various sizes, and 18 . ing vessels: total, 46 vessels. 1 flotilla of the Oaspian consists of screw, gunboats, 1 screw steamer, paddle steamers, 8 small steamvessel 8 sailing transports, 3 other sailin vessels, ?nu 3 fire-ships: total 8 vessels. As the Caspian wouldl in cas of a war with. Afghanistan become at important route of communication, th. deficiency of bteam transports ought tt be noted. iussia also possesses some naral material on the sea of Aral, con sisting of 6 steamers and about 20 sailing vessels; but, leaving these as immaterial, out of the reckoning, the sum total of the Rsasian navy amounts to 442 vessels of all de scriptions. Of this number, how ever, a great many are almost useless, and confining ourselves to really efficient ships, we find that Russia has only 185 of them available fori service, 25 being ironclads (10 battle shipe, 18 coast defence vessels of the monitor class, and 2 armoured gun boats), 1 torpedo ram cruiser, 114 torpedo boats, 29 unarmoured cruisers, and 16 gunboats, besides a large number of transports, &c.; We have not included in this estimate 1 case mate ship and 5 battery ships of an old type, nor the 2 Popoffkas; nor, finally, gunboats and cruisers of anti quated pattern, which would not stand the ghost of a chance in a naval en counter. In a possible collision in Afghanis tan between this country and Russia, only a small proportion of the im mense military force at thb disposal. of the latter could be utilised at pre sent. If a struggle were to take place now, Russia would have to draw, in the first place, upon the troops locater' in Turkestan. There are at presen't of regular troops 10 battalions' ~iof rifles recruited and stationed in the TiansciJspian provinces, say about 10,000 men. There are no data available as to the number of cavalry and artillery garrisoned there, nor of the iriegular forces that coul. be r. ised on the spot. In the ne-place the R;ussian Government~his a large force iii rese -' in' Tronscauc sia, whic-. ,it 'if at liberty to. em ploy .iither ,in the direction of Turley:Persia, or Afghanistan. Rus sia has at present permanently stationed in the Transcaucasian pro vinccs an aimy which, on a peaoefoot ing, numbers about 128,000 men, but which will, no doubt, be largely aug mentaed by the introduction of compul sory military service in that portion of: the Empire. In case of war a con siderable portion of the army would probably be shipped across the Caspian by way of Baku and Michailovsk; but the chief supply of combatants would be drawn from European Russia, over Odessa to Poti, and thence by rail to Baku, and across the Caspian. The most serious obstacle to the employ ment of a large force is the difficulty of transport. The Transcaspian rail way extends at present from Mio hailovsk to Kizil Arvat, 135 miles, only a short way to HIIerat, which is 523 miles from the Caspian port; but there can be no doubt that its gradual extension to Askabad, Sarakhs, and Herat is only a question of time. t'he respite thus granted to England ought to be made good use of. 