THE PLENARY COUNCIL. ? Tag following is the address on the Edu- ^Question which was delivered by the £ Moran on Sunday, 22nd November The Biifht Rev. Dr. P. Moran (Bishop of n New Zealand) said, "My Lord SS£3: ST*-* y - Ken and Brethren V e f of R the e r a n Laity-In d B e v obedience to the request of his Eminence, who as Apostolic delegate presides over this Plenary Synod, and whose request must be ronsidered by me as a command, I come her to-day to speak to you concerning the principles of Catholic education, not so mnoh for the purpose of instructing you, who are already well informod upon them, as to put on record solemnly, in presence of this august and representative assembly, a summary of Catholic teaching on this most important : subject. These principles are founded, j on the one hand, on the dictates of i rieht reason, and, on the other, ! 0n the teaching of our Lord Jesus Christ. He it is who has said, 'What will it avail a man to gain the whole world and lose his own soul, and what shall a man give in exchange for his soul ?' Also those other words, 'Going forth to teaoh all nations whatsoever I have commanded you, and lo, I am with yon a'l days till the consummation of the worldand lastly, ' He that hears you hears me, aDd he that despises you despises me.' Catbolio principles of education are the logical development of these words. What is really meant by education? In these days, when the whole world is apparently most zealous in the cause of education, such an inquiry as this would seem to be altogether superfluous; yet it is not so. In the mindB of too many education has beoome confounded with mere instruction in some secular subjects, to the great injury of education. It will be well for us, therefore, to o«rry with us in our reflections an adequate and accurate idea of what education really means. Education, then, as understood by Catholics and all real scholars, means the training of the moral and intellectual faculties of man for a certain end. But the end of man is manifold, and, consequently, if ooEfueion is to be prevented, some one end must be paramount. Man is a religions, civil, and domestic being, or, in other words, man in his creation was destined for heaven hereafter, and, in this world, for civil society and tbe family, consequently for a three-fold end. Three authorities, then, have a claim to interfere in his education. One end of his education is such a knowledge of God here on earth as will enable him to possess Him in heaven, another such a training as will fit him to be a good and useful citizen, and, in the third place, he must be so brought np as to be a worthy member of the family. The Churcb, then, and the State, and tbe father of the family have all and each a right to a voice in referenoe to bis education—tbe Churcb, that he may be enabled to become tbe child of God; the State, that he may become a good and useful citizen; and the head of the family, that he may become a good son and a good brother. Were these authorities to clash, oonfusion and many other evils would necessarily follow, and, consequently, from the very natnre of things, a due subordination amongst them is essential. It is clear, then, that, one muBt be first, one second, and another must be content with the third place. Their relative order depends on their relative importance. The primary end of man is to acquire here on earth that knowledge of God which will enable him to possess Him hereafter, and to this the other two must be subordinate. As it is the right and duty of tbe Church to guide men in all that belongs to their primary end, here must be tbe first place in the training of their moral and intellectual faculties. This training, then, must' begin under her auspices and be carried on under her guidance lest they should unhappily lose that for which they were created, and thus lose all. For • what will it avail a man to gain the whole world and lose his own soul ?' As to the part of tbe State, Catholics readily concede that Government, which represents the community, has a right to see that children shall be so educated that they may be enabled to become good and UBefol citizens. Tbe Churoh teaohes that the power neoeseary for the stability and well-being of society is ordained of God, and that, consequently, Governments have a right to interfere in education 60 as to secure these ends. But what is to be deplored is that, not satisfied with doing this, in many inBtanoea Governments have usurped the entire control of education, and deprived the Churoh of the exercise of the power which, as the divinely constituted teacher, she holds from God. Who received from our Lord JeBUS Christ the commission to teaoh ? The Churoh, and only the Church. „ After His resurrection, •nd not long before His ascension into heaven; our blessed Lord, as is related in the last chapter of the gospel according to St. Matthew, spoke to His Ajpostles thus : ' All power is given to me in heaven and upon earth. Going therefore, teaoh ye tail nations. . . Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world.' And does not this authority and precept given to the Churoh alone establish her teaching authority as paranidunt to that of all other authorities? As, then, it is her- right; and her '.'duty to' teach the entire revelation of Christ, it is, consequently, necessarily her duty and- her right to warn and guard men against' all '-opposing errors. But how do tbia if the parent or the State possess a right to exclude her from the school? Her right to teach the truths of revelation oarries with it her right to direct and superintend all other teaohing in order that error and oorrnpticn may not creep in. Thfe late illustrious Pontiff, Pins IX., in his famous letter to the Arohbishop of Fribourpr, tersely sums up the perpetual teaching of the Church on this subject, and condemns all secular and mixed systems of education, declaring them to be inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her, and by a desire of extinguishing among the people the divine light of the holy faith. And not content with this clear exposition of Catholic teaching, he further declares that the Church is in duty bound not only to use her best efforts, and employ every means to secure for ohildren the necessary Christian education and instruction, but, moreover, would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent mixed and seoular schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church. There is another passage in this important document of the greatest; moment. There are to be found some who would, if possible, persuade ecclesiastical authority to sanction secular or mixed schools in mixed communities, and I am not sure if some such may not here and there be found amongst those who eall themselves Catholics. To these men I beg mont earnestly to recommend a consideration of the following words of the great Pontiff: 'Those, he says, ' who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine Author and to be false to tbe charge she has received from God of guiding all men to salvation.' Yon see, then, my dear brethren, that in the strenuous efforts everywhere made by genuine Catholics to provide Catholic schools for their children, they are only doing that which is their bounden duty as Christians to do, and that, were they to do lees, they should be false to the charge imposed upon them by God. History proves and illustrates the fidelity of the Churoh to her office. From the first it has been her care to establish schools everywhere according to her opportunities and her means. In the beginning the residences of bishops and priests were also schools. Monasteries, whioh in the day of their prosperity flourished in all Christian land*, had invariably schools attached to them, so also had tbe cathedrals; and it is mainly to these the world is indebted for the preservation of ancient learning, even of the Scriptures themselves. Who, for example, is ignorant of the zeal and suocessof the ancient Irish schools? Who founded almost all the great universities, even those of greatest name to-day ? The Roman Pontiffs. Who have been their noblest, most generous benefactors ? Bishops and others of the Catholic Church. Who raised tbe glorious cathedrals of many lands, buildingB which, even to this day, are ssroany schools of art, beauty, and civilisation ? Who has established those 110 religious congregations of men and women who devote themselves gratuitously throughout the world to the education of youth, particularly the children of the people ? The Catholic Church. Even now, who is devoting all energies, all powers—intellect, genius, learning, virtue, disinterestedness, large pecuniary means to the education of the people ? The Catholic Churoh. In very recent times various Governments have become alive to their obligations to their subjects in reference to education ; and with new-born zeal, though no£ always well directed, have become lavish in their expenditure on schools. But it is a new-born zeal. It is not so long since some of them persecuted education, and made it penal to teach even tbe rudiments of learning. In tbe early days of some amongst us popular education was neglected by the State, whereas, even then, and for centuries before, the Church had put forth all her energies to seoure education for the people. Our school neophytes, however, now heap blame upon the Church for not having accomplished impossibilities, for not having educated all in spite of the neglect, the opposition, the persecution, and tbe plundering of the State. And even now, notwithstanding the millions of money annually spent by the State on schools, she cannot thow results equally good with those produced by the Cburch single-handed, and obstructed by the civil authority. Nor is this wonderful; through her jealousy of the Church the State has undertaken to do the impracticable—to educate independently of religion, and in ignorance of it—of religion that has Christianised and civilised all Christian and civilised nations, reformed their literature, guided their history, directed their manners, given tone to their intellectual pursuits, leavened their legislation, influenced their morals, and even their commercial pursuits, and given life to their arts and sciences. The attempt to educate by ignpring religion and shutting cut the Chnrph from their mental vision is a mad design, and can lead only to disaster, not only to men's first and best intere/sts, but to the interests of all moral and intellectual training* But is this attempt in reality honest? Can there be education of any sort whilst the Churoh and God and religion are ignored? No; and therefore, although modem systems of education pretend to ignore these, jthey do not, beoausethey cannot. These subjects are for ever cropping np under all systems, and are erroneously treated under most of them. As these systems have been established, as Pius IX. declares, in hostility to the Church, under them no opportunity is lost to prejudice the rasing generation against the teaching of revealed indeed of all religion. And it must be so, as Christ has said, ' He that is not with me is against me ' So the system of ednoation that does not frankly accept religion as its basis, and willingly submit to its gnidance, is, from the very nature of the case, hostile to Christ and Christianity. Governments in the present day have ostentatiously set themselves in direct opposition, to God and His Christ, and they cannot but expect the logical result, viz., to be ground as powder under the idol they have erected. You, my dear brethren, are more fortunate. Guided by the Church of God, gathered securely around the Rock of Ages, yon have listened with docility and reverence to tbe voice of Peter, against whom the gaten of hell shall not prevail, and, as true, faithful sons of the unerring Mother, withdrawn yourselves from all participation in these new-fangled and pestiferous systems of education, which not only ignore the existence of the Author of your being—to whom, by your very creation, you are obliged to devote all your services—but endeavour to cast Him out from His oreation. You have withdrawn yourselves from these, and, because you love real education, you have, at great expense, and notwithstanding the fact that you have been compelled to pay for the frpe and godless education of other peoples' children, provided Christian and Catholic schools for your own. Persevere in this course; continue to put from you tbe poisoned cup; preserve for your dear children, for whose souls you must render an account at the Day of Judgment, the one true Faith, without which it is impossible to plense God; keep alive in their susceptible minds a knowledge of what their fathers have' suffered for this faith, and leave nothing undone that their education, instead of being stunted, truncated, and lop-sided, merely the ghost of an education, may be that training of the moral and intellectual faculties to a oertain end, which alone deserves the name of education. You have zealous, experienced, learned prelates, presided over by a great Prince of the Churoh, to direct and guide you. Over all is the Vicar of our Lird Jesus Christ, who, in teaching the deposit of revelation to ail the faithful, canBOt go astray, and who is supernaturally guided in the goveriimfnt of the Church. I need say no more. Tour noble Christian and Catholic conduct in the past is the guarantee for thfi future. Sons of martyred fathers, you will never forget the deeds of your ancestor*, a reverence for their memory and loyalty to their faith; you will, as hitherto, leave nothing undone to hand down to your children the precious, priceless deposit which it cost these ancestors so much to hand down to you. Children of Patrick, children of Augustine, children of Columnbkille, children of Remigius, Catholic children of all lands, be mindful of your prelates who have gone before you and guard their faith, whioh is the root and foundation of justification. May God the Father who created us, God the Son who redeemed us, God tbe Holy Ghost who sanctified us, tbe one and triune God, so bless us, so direct and strengthen us, that having, like St. Paul, fought the good fight aDd preserved the faith for ourselves and our children, we may come to the possession of that reward which is laid up for the loyal and just in heaven. Amen." Immediately at the conclusion of the sermon, and while a grand march pealed from the organ, the prelates and other ecclesiastics left the sanotuary and passed into the sacristy, thus ending the day's ceremonies. The fourth public session was on Wednesday. This session took the form of a solemn commemoration of all tbe deceased prelates of Australia, and the memorial sermon was delivered by tbe Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide (South Australia). To avoid crowding the admission to the cathedral on Sunday next—the closing day of tbe council—will be regulated by tickets. The cathedral has been open free at the public ceremonies all through the council, but it has, w« understand, been considered advisable to make some charge for tickets on the closing day. The closing ceremonies are to be on a largo scale of grandeur, and the Cardinal-Archbishop is to preaoh.—Freeman's Journal. [Bv Elbctbic Tklegbaph.] (From our Special Correspondent.) Sydney, Wednesday. The Council was closed with imposing ceremonies in the Cathedral on Sunday last. The building was crowded to its utmoet capacity, and the vast congregation manifested by their noiseless, reverent demeanour a profound devotional interest in the proceedings. As at the opening, there was a solemn procession from the vestry to the Cathedral. Pontifical High Mass was celebrated by the Right Rev. Dr. Luck, Bishop of Auckland, and (be closing address was delivered by the Cardinal Archbishop. After dwelling on the trials, glories, and triumphs of the Church, his Eminence explained in general terms the objectB the Counoil had Bought to attain, and sketched in outline what it had done. He then alluded to the unbelieving spirit of tbe age and the prevailing corruption of morals, and concluded with a reference to the Education Question, in whioh he decisively declared that the Catholic Churoh oould not accept any system whioh excluded its teaching and its ministers from the school. , „ . In the afternoon the Bishop of Bathurst blessed an addition to the Benedictine Convent, and in the evening the prelates were the guests of Sir Patrick Jennings at dinner. [The address delivered by his Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney on Sanday last will be given in next week s Advocate.'] 