CONSISTENCY IN PROTECTION -THEuAdelaide working;' man and, in feet, Protectionists generally are much incensed with His Excellency the Governor because lie recently imported a carriage frorii Eng land^ Some of thenqin fact, went so far as to hiss him.-at ag recent public gathering in Adelaide, and it-is whispered that still more trouble is brewing. The advocates of colonial rndnstry point with triumph to the fact that" Sir James Fergusson showed a far different example, for, while he " was Governor of Bombay, he sent an order For a carriage to a So'tfth Australian builder. If this incident is carefully considered, how ever, it will be found that the weight of the argument, in this case at leastj is-with Sir William Bobinson, While. Governor of Bombay, Sir James sent out of that pro vince for the article he required} and Sir William, while in a similar position South Australia, has gone and done like wise. Evidently, the Governor, despite the fact that he draws £5,000 a year, considers it necessary to economise, for not only did he go to England for his carriage, bat he. imported it direct, ana so did the wholesale merchant out of some small amount of profit. The Governor, like the Queen, is exempted from the payment of customs duty, and this still further reduced the cost of his carriage. However, we do not draw attention to this matter for the purpose of acting as apologists to His Excellency. We seek, to point a moral to the professing Protectionist. - -is lie .'altogether consistent in this matter himself? Does he, when purchasing such articles as he requires, always determine, even at a sacrifice to himself, to take the col on i ally produced or colonially manufactured article in preference to that of foreign growth and make ? Does he. clothed in Lobethal tweed, stand in South Australian boots ? Does he make up his mind to eat none but colonial made pickles, sauces, biscuits, and jam? In a word, is he a] ways careful to take foreign goods only when either the price of the colonial article is pro- ! hibitery, or when there is no local competi tion ? It is perfectly plain to most of us that ah these questions must be answered in the negative. The Protectionist, like his neighbor, does what he can to buy in the cheapest and sell in the dearest market. He is not willing, even other things being equal, to invariably patronise the local article. He seldom -or never does so if there is an advantage in favor of the foreign goods. In fact, he himself recog nises this aptitude, for he thinks by the institution of protective duties to so raise the price of imported articles that, in common with those who do not agree with his principles, he will be compelled to buy that which is made in the colony. Our conten tion is that if the general body of Protec tionists would show their consistency by always patronising the products of • the colony in preference to those' from a distance, even without the increase of high customs duties there would be an increase in the number of local manufactories, and those which at present exist would be lar1 more prosperous. It is an undeniable fact that the working man who clings so tena ciously to the eight hours system is the principal difficulty in the way of establish ing early closing in large cities. He and his Avife invariably wish to do their shop ping in the evening. In the same way Protectionists are often the chief offenders againsttheir own doctrince when there is a difference -of a few pence between the price of the imported and the local article. These facts are notorious. How then can they consist ently complain, if the Governor acts on their own lines.. It'-amounts to very much \the same thing whether the foreign article "is bought through the local merchant or im ported direct from the maker. Sir William is in such a position that example set by him would in all likelihood be widely fol lowed, and it is to be regretted that he did not give his -work to some local manufactu rer. Still, if he chooses rather to consider his own pocket than the interests of producers within the colony, it is pot con sistent for those who sin in the same way themselves—eveii" although in a smaller degree—to begin throwing stones. We should rejoice to see the day when the de serving colonial article is patronized because it is colonial, and not simply tor the reason that by a heavy protective tariff outside competition is prohibited. It is this spirit of mutual confidence and mutual help which needs to be cultivated. The desire to assist i the local manufacturer because we syrnpa thise with him and desire to aid in his suc cess, is a higher principle than that which induces us to give him our custom simply because we are envious of outsiders. A protective tariff will be useful insofar as it teaches us that we have skill and enterprise within the colony which will enable, us to hold our own although foreign goods are shut out. JEt .would be more to our credit if that fact were recognised and local iirdus tries were epeouraged without such com-! pulsion. . Not for very many years bare the prospects of South Australia been so "deeply, darkly, desperately blue" as they , are at-present Not one industry in the colony can be 6aid, to be flourishing, and the-future shows small sign of bringing any very tangible improvement on,the present, m the aaidsfc .of a cycle of-fcad seasons, not onlyTn the actual Sense 60 far as wheat and wool are concerned, hut in a figurative sense also,* for copper land other Tike products ; provide''lather the .means to lose than to : make money. It is true that the Banks hare £5,000,000 lying idly waiting for in- : vestment, hut this, despite Mb. Sala's oft-expressed opinion to the contrary-, is rather -a sign of poverty than of wealth. It means that capitalists have not suffi cient faith in any industry to lend money in order ,to develop it; or it means that would-be speculators hare not enough con fidence in the stability of the colony to borrow money and pay interest on it for a like purpose. But even if it were other wise, popr people are seldom made happy, nek Is .their lot made lighter, by the fact that'-one or" two of their neighbors bare large sums: of money stowed away in chests and strong rooms. Envy, covetousness, and uncharitableness are stirred up, but debts-are not paid, months are not fed, and bodies are not clothed by money hoarded up by some one else. If all the wealth of the colony were divided pro rata among (he inhabitants each person would be able to pay his or her share of the national debt and still hare money left for enjoyment. But unfortunately here, as everywhere else, the tendency has been for the few to increase in riches and the many to .draw nearer to poverty. Most of the £17,000,000 which has been borrowed from the British capital ist has been invested in works which have had the effect of increasing the value of property, held by brother capitalists out here, in a degree totally disproportionate to the share those latter persons have taken in subscribing towards the indebtedness of the colony;- It is true that the general com munity has gained large benefits also, but then it has had to pay ninety-nine hun dredths of the cost of the conveniences provided. Jslt is time now to think about the means to be adopted for paying the interest and gradually reducing the princi pal of our national debt, and the recently imposed Taxation Act is certainly a step in the right direction. The large landowners have gained all the advantage of the expen diture of public moneys on railways, roads, wharves, jetties, and other works of a like nature, and it is therefore only right that they should pay the greater part of the interest on the loans so laid out. If the land tax is honestly and impartially ad ministered it will do much—but. if it were so amended as to provide that the land which has profited most by public expendi ture should pay in the highest proportion to the - public revenue—it would do more towards equalizing, the burdens of the people. Everything should be done in a young country—in on old State the task is impossible—to prevent the monopoly of large areas of land by one person. A pro gressive land tax is the only means to induce the division of those tracts of country already alienated. The argument here advanced is that the owner should pay more in proportion on land which, by reason of the expenditure of the Government and , his neighbors, is worth £100,000 an acre i than the holder of land which remains at its normal value of £1 per acre. In the: same way the possessor of 500,000 acres; should, other things being equal, be taxed at a higher percentage on the value than is the owner of 50 acres. In this way the accumulation of large estates would be discouraged, and tbe land which has gained most by " unearned incre ment" would contribute most of the support of those institutions by which its value has been increased. Another method of bringing expenditure under subjection is to deeline to borrow more money until the indebtedness already contracted is in a fair way to be liquidated. Nothing is easier or more agreeable than to live on some one else's money so long as that some one else charges no interest and forgets to refer to the repayment of the principal. An old couplet tells us .that:— " When land is gone and money spent, Then learning Ib most excellent." But this refers to individuals and not to communities. South Australia is now doing her best to alienate all her land and to spend right up to her limit of credit. When she has succeeded in doing both— and judging by present appearances she will not have long to wait—the lesson she wijl learn will be excellent only in-so-far as itmay act as a melancholy warning to some other community. We are continually being told by. the optimists among us that the present financial position of the colony is not so black as it is painted, and that our vast resources will ere long lift us into a prosperous position again. It is hardly possible to conceive any paint blacker than the present state of the colony; those " vast resources " are not seen or heard of except jn the most hopeful newspapers ; and the very remembrance of a prosperous position j will soon die out out of tbe minds of most j of us. Under these circumstances it is incumbent upon the Government and the representatives of the people in Parliament to act not in dependence on a brighter time to come, but in order to meet the exigencies of the dark time now present. If the good times do come, so much the better, but if they still longer delay we shall then be better prepared to wait for them. A good example has been set by the Ministry in refusing to propose any public work unless its absolute necessity or its positive profit ableness is proved to a demonstration. It is'the duty of the Parliament to support them in this resolve and to refrain in like manner from pressing for any local works which cannot be shown to be thoroughly and legitimately requisite. It is not only necessary, however, to do what they can to avoid the unnecessary incurring of fresh liability. It is also incumbent upon the Government to do what is possible to lessen its present weight of debt. The private indi vidual who systematically lives beyond his income soon ruins himself and often comes near ruining those who trust him. In the same way a State whose estimates of ex penditure—invariably exceeded in practise —are greater than its estimate of revenue, which generally falls short of the Treasurer's expectations, constantly approaches more near, the verge of bankruptcy. The State redeems its credit by imposing burdens of taxation on its people, fin the present bad times South Australians generally, and those in the pity especially, cannot bear more taxation. Business with these latter is a ghost that has ceased to walk! It therefore • behoves the Treasurer 'father id strive to cut down the expenditure . below the'1 revenue than to attempt by new tax ation—-except such whose incidence will iall on veryticli—to. reise.the revenue above the" expenditure* A really honest and intelligent attempt to cat down the esti mates of expenditure would result in a great saving to the country, and a continuance in this path would have .the effect of wiping off the. deficit and eventually: of allowing the gathering together of & surplus on each year's transactions. When-a con scientious business man gets into financial difficulties he is" content to deny )iimself;in many ways' in order to" get firjee from .-his embarrassments. A State and-the people of a State ought bo be equally ready.to forego, under the circumstances, a portion of those comforts to which (hey are accus - tomed in good times. By a such policy of self-abnegation and intelligent economy will the colony he most speedily pnt in a pros perous and happy position ' again. It is better surely to deny ourselves for a time in order to enjoy permanent happiness and content in the near future, than by a policy of present recklessness to build up for our selves a history of debt, misery, and discontent. 