GREAT PORTER SQUARE A MYSTIli Y. CHAPTER XVII.—/« which Becky con tinuing her Idler, t dales hu impressions of Mrs. Prectiy s young mgttfodgerl' c • My own dear Fred,—Once more 1 am in my little cupboard of a bedroom, writing to you. Again it is past twelve o'clock, and Mrs. Preedy is asleep. \ ' I will now tell you why I have altered my mind with regard to Richard Manx, and5 why I liave determined to watch his move ments. The seal to this resolution was fixed the night before last. - ' " T < ' Mrs. Preedy was- sitting;up,ras usual drinking her regular allowance of gin and , water. I was in my bedroom, supposed to ■> be asleep, but - really very wide awake. Peeping through a. chink in my bedroom door I saw Mrs. Preedy,:,thus engaged,'ah'd . engaged also in reading an account of the police court proceedings in which you were so cruelly implicated. There was nothing interesting in this picture of Mrs. Preedy, and I, crept into .bed again. I was dozing off, when I was roused by the sound of Mrs. Preedy leaving the kitchen and going upstairs to the street doo» ,'which she opened. ..' I ventured out into the passage, and listened. She was talking to a policeman. Presently she came downstairs and mixed a glass of gin,and water,"'which she took up to him. I Then, after a little further chat she came down again, and resumed her melancholy , occupation. After that, I fell asleep. , ' Changes, have ,t taken,i place.,in\me, my dear.' Once I could not sleep' without a : light in my room ; , now I can sleep in the dark. Once I was a: sound sleeper, and not eacily awakened; now'-the-.' slightest sound' arouses me: V'Th'e dropping'ofjaspiri would \- be almost enough to; make me start up «Sin bed. ■ '• / j-i o ■ . ' On the occasion I refer to, it was' some thing more than; the dropping) of a' pin that aroused me. It was the sound of voices in the;kitchen—Mrs. Ereedy^s voice and the voice, of a man. ' What, itian.,?- -I, peeped through the chink. , It'~\vas Richard Manx, our new lodger. ; ■' He was standing on the threshold of the kitchen,'door; from where. I ^nelt-I.could, riot obtain a good view, of his, face, vhiit I . saw Mrs., Preedy, and it seemed to me as if she had received a fright. 'Richard Manx, in reply to an observation made by Mrs. Preedy,> said her clock-on the mantelpiece, was wrong, ■; and: that he had heard twelve o'clock strike quarter of 'an hour ago. - Mrs. Preedy asked ;himif he« had come to pay his rent; , No,:;he said, he liad not come to pay his re'nt.;' Then-Mrs,'' Preedy very naturally inquired'what' he had come for, and RichardManx, in a voice ' very much' resembling that'.of a raven witlr . a bad cold, said, n _ 'I have—a—heard it once more, again !' ' My dear, the moment' he uttered these . strange words, Mrs. Preedy rushed at-him,' pulled him into the kitchen, and then flew to my^bedroom door. "I was' in bed, before she gotthere,■■ arid when5 she opened it and called my name, I was of course fast asleep. •She made sure of this by coming into my little cupboard, and passing her hand over my face. My heart beat rapidly, but she was too'agitated to notice' iti When she left my room I thought it prudent to remain in bed for a while, so as to avoid the risk,of discovery. My mind ; was--in' a'' whirl. ' Richard Manx had heard it once more again!; What had he heard ? ! I i I rose quietly and listened. Richard Manx was speaking of a sound in an empty house next door, No. u g. He had heard it twice—a week ago, and again on this night. He said that he was in the habit of • smoking in bed, and asked if Mrs. Preedy was insured. He was interrupted by the breaking of a storm, which appealed to frighten them both very much. I will not attempt to repeat, word for word, all that passed between them. Its substance is now what.I am going to relate. ' Eight nights ago. Richard Manx, sitting in his attic, was startled (so he says) by the sound of a tapping or scratching in the house next door, in which the murder was committed. Being, according to his own declaration, of a nervous nature, he left his attic and crawled downstairs. In the passage below he met Mrs. Preedy, and related to her what he had heard. She endeavoured to persuado him that his fancy had been playing him tricks. , ■ How is it posssiblc,' she asked him ' that you could have heard any sound in the next house when there's nobody there ?' ' A convincing question, my dear, which carriesMts own convincing answer. ■'Richard Manx wavers, and promises her not to speak to the neighbours of his dis tressing impression. He says he will wait 'till it comes again.' It comes again on this .night, the events of which I am describing, and in great fear (which may or may not be real) he creeps downstairs to Mrs. Preedy to inform her of it. I-Ie says the noise may not be made by a morlal; it may be made by a spirit.' So much the worse. A man or a woman one can meet and hold, and ask questions of, but a spirit 1— the very idea is enough to make one's hair stand on end.' <, ■ ' It did not make my hair stand on end, nor dicl Richard Manx's suggestion frighten me In the least. It excited me almost to fever heat, but therfc was no fear in my excitement. Expectation, hope, painful curiosity—these were the feelings which animated me. _ What if Richard Manx were, for some reason of his own, inventing this story of strange noises in an empty house, the boards of. which are stained with the blood of a murdered man.? The. idea did not dawn upon me ; it .flashed upon me in a certain expression which d welt upon Kichard Manx's face while Mrs.'Preedy's back, for a moment, was. turned to him. ' When they were sitting opposite each other at the kitchen table, the man was timid, confiding, humble; but ..when MrB. Preedy. turned towards' the dresser for the sugar basin, there stole into his face the expression I had referred to. What did it denote ? Gunning, ferocit}', triumph; dupli city." It was but for a moment ; upon Mrs. Preedy confronting him again, he relapsed into humbleness and timidity. .'What was the meaning of this sudden change ? That the man was playing a part ,? Clearly. Then behind his; systematic acting was hidden a motive. What motive ? ? , •Mie had accepted Mrs. Preedy's invita tion to a glass of gin and water, and had asked for sugar. It was while she'1 was getting the sugar that he had allowed the mask to slip from his false face. ••••? If it gets known,' she said, ' I'm a ruined woman1' ,1, . - > . '.Ah,' said Richard Manx,.' I comprehend what ,you[mean by ruined. > A:house with a . shadow—a spirit ghost in it| woul'd be—a;— horrible 1 Listen you. This house is like wise.' Mrs. Preedy shuddered. 'Well/jhe continued, ' I will say—a—nothing.' He , placed his hand; on his heart and leered at her; ' On my honour. But be you positive —what I have heard is not^-a—fancy. It is veritable.' ' He said a great deal-'more to the same effect, and I never saw a woman more com pletely prostrated. ' Richard Manx speaks imperfect English, apd I cannot make up my mind whether he is a Frenchman, or a German, or an Italian, or an Impostor. I am not only suspicious of the man, ;I am -suspicious of his broken English. * ' t To it is Contikukd. •' i ■ 