SOUTH A UST11ALTAN JOCKEY CLUB MEET/KG. The first day's racing of tho Adelaide Cup meeting of tho South Australiau Jockey Club took place on Saturday, at Fiemington. The reasons which induced this change of venue were given in the Age on Katuraav, auu tuougu it is somewhat to be regretted tbat each club should hold its meetings at other places than its own headquarters, it is satisfactory to know that in the present case a success financially has been achieved. This result was no donbt due to the splendid weather with which tho club was favored on the opening day, and there was also a considerable amount of in terest felt with referenco to tho decision of the Goodwood flaudicap. Theso two causes induced large numbers to patro nise the special trains which commenced to leave Spencer-street at eleven a.m., smd though there was no uncomfortable crushing each train was well filled. The road was also fairly patronised, and before the principal event of the afternoon was run there must have been at least 10,000 persons present. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Lady Loch nnd 6uite drove down , reaching the course just before the Hurdle Race vols run, and remaining till the last race. Although the meeting wus under the management of the stewards of the S.A.J.C. the details were all earned out by the V.R.C. officials In that complete and satisfactory man ner characteristic of Flexniugton. Business commenced with the First Hurdle Kace, for which only five went to the post, and as Old Soul was stanchly supported by the Flcmingtou party, 6 to 4 was tlie best otTcr against him at the finish. Echo was next in demaud, and the other two competitors. Sir Patrick and Gasalier, were backed, but Yellow Hammer wus quite friendless. The favorite made nearly all the running, but Sir Patrick, very judiciously riddeu by Fergusou, got on terms at the last hurdle, whfreUld Soul blundered slightly, andeveutuully wuu a capital race by half a length. The St. Legerouly had a trio of runners, and Silver King, who looked soft, was made au even money favorite. The Broker, who was in splendid heart, was backed by his party at G to 4, but Bundul. who was anything but fit, was not at all fuueied. The mare made most of the journey at a good pace, but she was Ijeuteti as they turued into the straight, where The Broker shot up, aud though Silver Kiug wus riddeu out in u uiost determined maimer by Moore he could never get up, aa-l sufictvd a luvk defeat, with Smidal beaten oft. 'i he Broker, who was par elided by his jtresvut owner after the r event Sydney tmtiing, has paid lor himself in hU tiwt race, und the Mnvesscu elitaiiu-d by St. Uwn-iiiF und Tho Broker so utter thev changed hand inuu bo any Umis' tut u ph<tt>vUU ivfiwlioii lo limit former owners. Alter lutivh, whh'h uus olio ot Mi. strukvr t'lh'iiii, Iho lowU) tuiupeiiiou Ivi the Ueodwuod Uuiubcan tw jo saddhd and u« U«aul tbvfo u ftuu lo the paddo! lo w4Wii thtfvpef4tivh- 'ivi! it< Uftl Uwuw. naturally attracted the most attention, and then? certainly cou U not be found any fault with hi« « r>ndition.n« he looked mellow, and wns bright in hi? coat. St. Lawrence and Lord Wilton were two horses whose condition commended itself to good judge?, while the plain looking Ghost waa very well. Bingwood did not. please, but St. John, Duenna and Uncus could not be bund much fault with. Lantern, who was ro- inrled last week to have suffered severely on his voyage from Adelaide, did not show the effects of his knocking about, as he was fresh and appeared to have done a good preparation. In tho market Topoa.wa very firm at 3 to 1, St. Lawrence 6 and Lord AVUton 8. bciugncxt, and then came St. Johnand Lantern at tens, Mfddlemarch, Ihienna, t'ueas nnd Ironmaster were returned at 12 to 1 and 20 to 1 was ou offer about any of the others. Tho race needs no description, us Lan tern, who was one of the first away, iurrcased his lead ' tho further he went and eventually won in a canter by three lengths from Lord Wilton. The victory, which was ouc of the easiest ever achieved on any racecourse, showed what an absurd handicap tho impost allotted to Lantern was', and it may bo remarked that tho sporting contributor to The. leader pointed this out some three weeks ago. Topaz, who got badly away, was never dangerous at any part of the race, but under any circumstances not ono of them conld have had the slightest chance with the winner. Lantern, who is a powerful brown horse, though lacking in quality, has won several races in South Aus tralia, nnd his party have landed a good stake by his win. The Sires Froduce Stakes had only three runners, and Juanna was so rushed that 3 to 1 on her w.ns the best price the fielders would accept. The remit proved the correctness of the market operations, as the filly won in a cauter from Remus, The Teacher, who was second favorite, being last all the way. The Victoria Handicap, half a mile, was the last race of the day, and as there was no less than twenty-one runners there was some heavy betting. Meerschaum and Meander were the best favorites at 5 to 1 each, nnd of the others Salvo, Surprise, Ace, Honorn, Miss Merlin and Fyrette were all backed. Tho latter showed how good she is over half a mile by winning cleverly from Meander and Honora, and thus concluded a very good afternoon's racing, though it was very evident that in several of the races there were a number of u waitists" whose time was yet to come. The following are the details: — First llmm.E Hack, a handicap sweepstake of 5 sov. ouch for starters, with 150 soys, added. About 2 miles. A. l>rgnsons lik g Sir Patrick, by Crnagh pAtrlck — Princess Royal. C rrs., 11 st. 12 lb. ..(Ferguson) 1 51\. P. WhittyVb h Old Soul, 5 vrs., 9 st. 10 lb. !. .. (M'Lcnd) 2 Jl. (r. Talbot's eh g Echo, need, 9 st. 10 lb.(torrlgan) 3 W. Pearson's b m Gasalier. 5 yr.. 11 st. . (Malone) 0 .1. Rinison n«. ch li Yellow Hummer, 4 vr . 9 st., carried 9 st 2 lb (Harden) 0 belting: C to 4 ncaiitst OU1 ,SowL 2 to 1 Keho. 3 10 1 Sir Pntriek. 5 to 1 Yellow Hammer nnd Old Soul Jumped ftAVH.v with tlie lead, attended by Echo and Uiwallrr in that older, with Sir Hutriek lu«t. Entering l!u? .straight tlie onler was Old Soul, Oasalier. Echo. Sir Patrick nnd Yellow Hammer, bat j«a«ing the stand J>ho deprived rjasalier of second plneu. Tim puce, which had been very slow, was improved nlomr the river, causing the urunhtnke- abh» collapj" of YcIIoay Hammer, who at this early stage of the race cried a go. The order alon? thp back and ji::«inir The nbattnhs was unchanged, hot ut the sheds 1 tasnlliM Improved her )MAsIth»n, and Sir Patrick rhino through his horses and l«?d into the straight, ehwely at tended by Old Soul, l.oho. and tiasalier, ull together. A good race up the straight ensued, and Inside the dis tance the weight begun to tell p:U«ably on Sir Patrick, who, however, struggled nt» cumely, and Old Saul .striking the la«t hurdle with such farce as to smash ihe rail, the top weight won hy a neck, the mistake un doubtedly losing OKI Soul theme; Echo was third a length and a half away, nnd then cattle Ousaller and Yellow Hammer. Time, 4 inin. 2 see. Sr. Lkuki: Stakf., a sweepstakes of 20 .sov. cneh, 5 ft., with 150 added. For 3-year-olds. Colts. 8 st. 10 Ih.; fillies, 3 st. 7 lb. The .seeond horse to receive 50 sovs. nnd the third 25 sovs. nut of the stake. (24 subs.) One mite and three-quarter nnd 132 yard. A. Hulirtbouru's eh o The Broker, by Ootdiborongh — Melody. 8 st. 10 lb (Sender) 1 J. Wilson, jut).', h e Silver King, by First King— Senorltu, 8 st. 10 lb. .. .. .. (.Moore) 2 W. <«ord on's eh ( Sandal, l»v Winterlake— ln«tcp. 8 st. 7 lb. .. (Unglmn) 3 1 letting; Ewn on Silver King, G to 4 against Tlie Broker. 4 to 1 Sandal. Tho Broker nnd Sandal woro quicker on their foot Hum tho faVoriu'; nnd passing the stand tho South Aus tralian tilly liad n lead of nix length, which .she in creased to a dozen along the river, but At the bridge The Broker and Silver King, who were together, dccroa«i'd the gnp to a omtph of length-.. At the hack of tho course Sandal still led. und at the abattoir The Broker foil hack so far ns to appear beaten. Sandal leading Ihc favorite by a length past the shed. At the turn Silver King challenged Sandal, and The Broker, coining again, joined Issae, tlie result Ireing a good race up the straight, but The Broker's superior condition- enabled him to sustain his rnn. and the favorite was beaten by a head. Sandal finishing several lengths off. Time, 3 inin, 2Jj sec. tioohwooft Handicap, a sweepstakes of lOsov. each, h. ft., if declared, with 250 sovs. added. For 3 year-old And upward. Second horse 50 sov. front tile prize; thin! horse' to save hi stake. (GGsubs.) One mile. St. It). W. Crozier's hr g Lantern. 5 yr., C st. 12 lb., hv Wild Eacle— Pncliontus .. .. /N'ichnUnm 1 E. \V. KUIVs ch h Lord Wiltou, 4 vrs.,7 at. 5 lb. (Power) 2 J. 0. Reid's ch g The Ghost, aged, 7 st 11 lb. (.1, Williams) 3 X. Wilson's b g Rlngwood, 0 yr., 8 st. 12 lb. (llntchhis) 0 A. Harvey's br It MWdlcmarcb, 4 yrt., 8 st. 8 Ih. (Murphy) 0 A. Jlalinboorg's b h St, Lawrence, 4 yr. 8 st. 2 Ik (Sanden) 0 T. Wilson, jun.'s, b g Alphabet. 4 vrs. , 8 st. (Moore) 0 Ik M. Robertson' b b Anchorite, 4 yr.,8 st. (Kills) 0 A F. .Sullivan's br g Hazard, 4 yrs. 7 st. 12 lb. (Cope) 0 W. Pearson's b c Kingship, 3 yr.; 7st. 10 lb. («;. Brown) 0 C. II. T. Hart's b h St. John. 4 tts., 7 st. 91b. (Robertson) 0 R. Iove's b h Topaz, C yrs., 7 st. 9 Ih. ..(Wvjnnn) 0 J>. S. Wallace's g m Duenna, 4 yrs., 7 st' 7 lb. (O'Brien) 0 R. Rattv's ch It Uiuborto, 4 vr?.. 7 st. 5 lb. <T. William) 0 S. MHler'ab h 1'alllcroo, 4 yrs.,7 st. 4 lb. ((this) 0 A. Yuillo's eh h Carbuncle, 4 vrs., 7 st. 3 lb. (Terrell) 0 J. WhHtlnshiun' ch h Ironmaster, 5 yrs., 7 st., carried 7 sc. 4 lb. (Traliun) 0 S. Ci. Cook's hr i Marie Louise, 3 yrs. 7 st. (Flanagan) 0 J. Harper's b g Unci, 3 yr., G st. 13 lb. (In cluding 7 lb. penalty) ,. .. (CmcUnell) 0 If. Jlnlnes's b c Berkelev, 3 yrs.,, G st. 4 lb. .. .. ., (fl. Williams) 0 Betting: 3 to 1 against Topaz. 6 to 1 St. Ltwrunoe, 3 tu I Lord Wilton, 10 to 1 each St. John and Lnntem- 12 to 1 each MUldlemurch, Ducntm. linens and Iron, master, 20 to 1 each Riugwood, Hazard, The Clio-it nnd .Marie Lmti«e. Dhvctly the flag felt Lantern und Iron- , master showed In frmit, with St. John und I'ulllnroo next, the favorite, being absolutely hist away. After going a furlong the abnvcitamcd trio wen in front, followed by St. Lawrence and Vtuberto, and nt the »N furlong post Berkeley, Alphabet and Hazard wetv well up At the sheds Ltnteru hold n decided lead, nnd Marie Uithc and Tlie lihust liad joined the forward divbdon. Lord Wiltou came through at lite turn, mid was second entering the straight, where Lantern with out an effort In erected his lead, nnd if wn« evident that the only contest wonid L: foe second place, the South Au.itraiiiui gelding maintaining hi lead to the end. and winning with ridiculous case by three lengths from I.ord Wilton, who lient The tlhosi by a neck for second ptuec: then came Ironmaster. M. Lawrence, I'ailh-roo. Middleman-!), JHugwmid and l.'ucas. Kingship finished absolutely last, nml the favorite wn never in the iace from the fall of the ting. Time, 1 mln, 44 >ec. Stni:?' ritnnivi: Staki:., of 10 sov. each. h. ft., with 100 sovs. added, and 60 sov. subscribed by owners of sire. For 2 year- olds— colts, 8 st. 10 lb, 1 mile.. 8 st. 7 lb. Three, quarters of a mile, r- T. Elder's li f ,1 itannn. by Gang Forward — Haidee 4' (Including 5 lb. penalty), 8st. 12 lb (Wymnn) 1 S. (;. look's ch c Reiuus.by Gang Forward— Rotuuln (allowed 3 lb ) 8 st. 7 lb. .. (St. Albans) 2 A B. Robertson's b e The Teacher, by Gang For- "ward — Emily Faithful, 8 st. 10 lb. ..(Gallagher) 3 Betting: 3 to 1 on duanua. 3 to 1 against the Teacher, 10 to I Remus. Juanna tutd Remus led to the tan. whera all three were together, and a? the favorite shot ahead, Remus nUo came nwav from the- Teacher, but conld never get on terms with Juanna, who won very easllv. The Teacher was a bad third, a position which hi rider appa. reiitly made no effort to improve. Time: 1 inin. 20 Vfrrom 1 Handicat. u sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each for starters, with 101) sovs. addi-d. Winuer of Guud- wood Handicap to carry 10 Ih. extra. Half n mile. S Miller's br m By ret to, 4 vrs.,. by lira? tie Fcr— Rrima. 8 it. 7 II. (Old) 1 5\. Grlmwnod's br h Meauder, aged,- 8 st. 4 IK, (J. William) 2 J. Whittinghant's br m Honors, 4 yr.#7st. 71b. .. (Trahnn) 3 W. J. Smart' br h Velocipede, 4 yrs., 8 st. 10 lb. 0 R. Batty' ch li I'ndtcrto, 4 )'" 8 sr. 6 lb. (Burton) 0 C. H. T. Hart's h w Gymkhana, 4 yr. 8«t. 5 lb. (M'Crade) 0 II. TothiH's ch h Surprise, 4 yrs., 8 st. 5 lb. .. .. .. (Wymnn) 0 |». « Tnlbot's b g Stafford, 5 yrs., 8 st. 4 Ih. (Fallon) 0 A. Summer' b or br g Ace, 6 yrs. . 8 st. 3 lb. (Cojn") 0 L. L. Smith' ch f Melodious, 2 vrs., 8 st. 1 lb, .. (Blair) 0 U. \\\\\ KUb'a eh c Manfred, 3 yrs., 7 st. 12 lb. .. .. .. (Power) 0 i. Fottbhatn's ch c Salvo, 3 yrs., 7 st. 10 lb.- .. .. (Robertson) 0 It Thurling's b f Eat Lynue, 3 yrs., 7 sr. 7 lb. (Byrnes) 0 \V, Field' b or br f Agnes, 3 vrs., 7 st. 7 lb. (Fletcher) 0 S. M. Wilson' b c Derision, 2 yrs., 7 st. 2 lb. (T. Brown) 0 V. WeckVclifDelamia.2yr.,6st. 121b. (H.Brown) 0 W. Crazier' b m Mis Merlin, 4 yr., G st. 2 lb. (Johnston) 0 J, Sitntnn ns b f Meerschaum, 2 yrs.. 6 sr. (carried 6i 31b. (Nicholson) 0 Betting : 5 to 1 each ngalnst McerscJinum and Meander, 8 to 1 Salvo. 10 to 1 each Pyrclto nnd Surprise, 12 to 1 each Acc, llonora und MU? Merlin. Meerschaum. Meander. Pvrette and Honors were pro minent on the fall of tho flag, the color of tarl'lon showing in tulrauco of tho remainder of the iM»l. At the dlt:mce 1'yrdto and Honora were together In frnnt, ; with Meander next, aud a capital race home resulted in the vlctorv of Ryrette by half a length from Meander. 1 who caught Honora in tlie lost fifty vnrd, aud beat her for second place bv a length. Miss Merlin wit fourth and The Ace la<t. 'Time, 49) sec. By order of a court martial fire Cuban in surgent officer?, who led un expedition from Jamaica some time since, with 11 view of mak ing u dtfsceut on the coast of Cuba, have been shot, und tho remainder of the filibuster? bave been sentenced to perml servitude -for life. Axothku Monaco tragedy is reported, owing to gatubliug loste?. Tho victim is a young Kuglishiuumwhu wacrereuilyinurried. but who«» ltuiiii' ii eouccaled. After losing XS0.HU0 ut the tables he blew out bis bruitis with a t dul ler. The current t due of land iu the city of Lou dou 1 my bo guthcicd from the fact that tbc Deo bold nut!, lf>4 Feucburoh- ttreet, t uuUiuiug a Upvri ciui atea o! MUU foot, was tohJ the other I day at the auction uutrt, Tvkenhouse Yard tor I Xld.VQ), equaobttl to X1L' toot. 