HUNTING. (BY SCARLET,) THE MOUNT GAMBIER HOUNDS AT NABIUCOORTE. The morning after the Narracoorte show (Friday) broke rather olondy, and towards noon the day did not much improve. At one o'olook there was a smart shower, which oaused many to exclaim, " What a pity it is going to be wet for the hunt," By three o'olook, however, things looked better, and old Sol even smiled out sometimes to see what was going on. It beoame known early in the day that the meet was to take ulaoe in the Narracoorte Station horse paddooK, and by the hour named (8 o'olook) a very large and variod assemblage congregated on the hill noar the comotery to witnoss the first run which has taken place at Narrncoorto for many years, Amongst those that entered tho paddoolc and looked as if they meant business I noticed the Huntsman (Mr, D, MacGillivray) on Philaberta, Mr, R, Neale (Whip) on Bcmwell, Master Attiwill on Martin Burk (a pony), Mr. Russell on Legaoy, Mr, G. S, Harris (Acting-Master) on Y ankee Grab. Mr. Jns. Robertson onBudjik, Mr, J, MacGillivray on Happy Jnok, Mr, Rudall on Sheet Anchor,' Mr. A. MaoLenn on Solior, Mr, J. Beauchamp on Olivette, Mr, l?. Connolly on The Ooinit, Mr, H. Hnyes on Darkie, Mr, Gardinor on Sardine, and several others who wore strangers to ine. More than usual interest was taken in the run and the riding, as.it beoame known tliat Mr. Harris was to give a prizo of £6 5s, to the pentleman who displayed the bost horse manship through the hunt, the riding to be judged by a committee of ladies. It made tho matter very intoroating that not one of the competitors knew who were the fair judges, and you may depend that many and able were the efforts to sit each hunter steadly and grace fully, When the dogs were uncoupled they went off at a craokling pace along tho paddooks joining the Morambro road, Tfie first a bit of a rasper, for the first fonoe stopped a fow of the field, and by the time we had travelled a mile the company was very seleot, About a dozen fences brought the field across tho Mor ambro road to a nico little valley on the east ride, where the cheok took place. After a little jumping powder was administered (a very little) I do not know if it is because tne hunting gentlemen of Narracoorte don't drink or not, but I am sure I did not see. so much whiskey here as I have seen at all the other .runslbave witnessed, However, wo got on very | well without it), The return journey was com menced nearly on the old trfu|. Jn over the road, over a nice littlo singlo or two, out over the road again, a sweop in a half mile to the east of the roaa to get a fair run at a rasping one-railer with" five wires, whioh brought .' I-iegaoy" to earth, but Mr, Russell was soon up and in full chase again not a bit hurt, and all went merry as a marriage belli over a rasping double, stiff and tall, without the ghost of a gap brought us back to near where we started where the fences were big and plentiful, Out over the horse-paddock fence near Mr. Ooates' house, in and out of another little enclosure or two brought us to the finish near the Court house where one of the largest crowds I have seen at a hunt for some time (qn foot) had assembled. Most of the horses jumped well but with t)io exception of "Happy Jaok" and' Philaberta, nono went through without baulk. I noticed Happy Jaok neap to tho Huntsman the whole time. ? At the conclusion of the run it was annouced by Mr. T, T. IMllarton that the prize for the bestliorsemanship was awarded by tho ladies to Mr, Jas, Robertson, of Struan, who rode Mr, G. S, Harris' Budjik, whereupon three hearty cheers were given by the whole crowd for the lucky James, Thus ended a most enjoyable run with the Mount Gambler liounds ftt Narracoorte, 