' ; REVIEWS. '. -* In Cornwall and Across the Sea. By D. B. W. SLADEN. Griffiths and Farrar, 1885. Clearly Mr. Sladen is very fond of being in evidence. It was only the other day that we had to notice his last -volume of poems. He seems to turn out verse pretty much as a spider spins its web in come facile and mysterious fashion from its; inner conscious less: and, to say truth, it is for the most Wrt equally thin in substance. We are glad, however, to be able to speak in terms of somewhat heartier praise of the present volume than of the last. If we remember rightly, we were constrained to say some rather hard words about " A Summer Christmas ;" end therefore we are the more pleased to find things '' In Cornwall and Across the Sea " which suggest the idea that, if Mr. Sladen would write a great deal less, and think a little more, he might turn out work that might do himself and Australia credit This volume, like its forerunners, once more serves to emphasise the literary curse which Mr. Sladen suffers under, namely, his fatal facility in verse making, the cruel ease with which his muse permits him to pour out Bonnets, ballads, lyrics, and what not upon every conceivable subject and opportunity, A recent sojourn in Devonshire and Cornwall has suggested to him a great deal of extremely obvious and commonplace comment which finds its expression in a number of very memorable sonnets. Let it be said, however, that Mr. Sladen has now learned to make a sonnet correctly, which he did not always do in his last volume. The best of the Cornish poems is, perhaps, the Rolls of Forrabury." In regard to this poem, Mr. Sladen says that it is " founded upon a legend related by the Rev. R. S. Hawker, but is he aware that Mr. Hawker himself wrote an admirable ballad on the same subject, to a Bells of Bottreux " ? " The ship went down with courses free, The daughter of a distant sea," With its fine refrain (we quote from memory), " Come to thy God in time, Rang out Tintsgre's chime Old age and manhood past, Come to thy God at last," Mr published in the Sunday Marianne many years ago and reprinted either in a collection of Mr. Hawker's poems or in Mr. Baring Gould's life of the clever and eccentric Cornish parson. Now, if Mr. Sladen himself, or the reader, wishes to note the difference between a facile rhymster's treatment of a ballad and that of one who had a touch of real genius in this direction, let him and Mr. Sladen's version of this old Cornish legend and afterwards Mr. Hawker's. Mr. Sladen's ballad extends over 120 lines ; Mr. Hawker tells the story in some 80. The former is at best a piece of flowing verse, agreeable to read, and breaking no law of rhyme or rhythm ; the latter is a stirring and dramatic little ballad, full of swing and vigour, and redolent of the salt sea wind the " sighing seamen's cheer." Mr. Sladen has made somewhat of a new departure in the attempts he has made at " ballade " writing. In his preface he writes : " In the schemes of my 'ballades' I have followed Mr. Andrew Long and Mr. Austin Dobson, to whom I desire to tender my acknowledgments and thanks." This is slightly enigmatical If Mr. Sladen means us to understand, as his words seem to imply, that he is indebted to Mr. Lang and Mr. Dobson for the form of his ballades, then we can only say that he is tendering his thanks in the wrong quarter. But we cannot believe that he is unaware that Mr. Dobson and Mr. Lang merely follow Vallon and other French posts in the use of this dainty form of verse, and if he is aware of this, then it is difficult to know what he means, or why he thinks himself called upon to thank either Mr. Lang or Mr. Dobson. To turn to the " ballades" themselves. The " Ballad of Pain" is a fairly good example of its class, though we take leave to doubt whether SO sad a theme as is here treated is well adapted to the "ballade" form, which is in its essence of the vers de societe order of versification. A "Ballad of Pleasure" strikes nearer the gold in respect of lightness of motive and gaiety of movement A " Ballad of wattle- blossom," in which the author seeks to acclimatise the stanza, is less happy, though there is no reason why it should be so, for the subject is a good one. The versification here is sometimes rough, and the wording of the last line of the second verse is materially altered, which is inadmissible If Mr. Sladen will write a particularly strict form of verse, he must be bound by its rules. A " Ballad of a Graveyard," and a dedication of a " Summer Christmas," is not only ballads, but ballads, with a double refrain, H Mr. Sladen is of course aware. The writer of ) ballad with double refrain is twice handicapped, and i requires the lightest and dearest footing to tread this measure with grace and effect. It is like dancing a word-dance, which none but an adept may attempt without much risk of discomfiture. Mr. Sladen succeeds as well as his general gifts as a poet might lead one to hope, or perhaps even a little better. To him these "Fair old tunes of France" are written as Villon, Andrew Lang, Austin Dobson, Rossetti, and Swinbourne write them. They are the daintiest cameos of verse. One of the poems we like best in Mr. Sladen's present volume is that entitled At Windsor, New South Wales, in winter." This is really a piece of good strong verse musical, ringing, and fresh with the breath and the scent of the Austral landscape. We could wish, too, that Mr. Sladen would write more verses like the little lyric " An Old Romance," which we quote at length, It is very delicate and pretty, with a touch of quaint concert in the phrasing that is not in- appropriate : "AN OLD ROMANCE A bar of an old-fashioned waits, A glance at a faded dress, What is it that wakes in my heart Those echoes of tenderness F , When that was the waltz of an hour, That dress in its pride and glow 1 - Of shimmering azure and pearl, A seven of summers ago, Sweet eyes used to gaze in my eyes, i Light fingers would clasp my own, And a soft voice fell on my care , in a tremulous undertone. The face and Angora I touch, The voice in its music is here, But romance is a delicate moth That lives-just the sweet of a year." The motive here is considerably order that the ark, If not so old as the hills, but it is skillfully and prettily touched. We once more take leave of Mr. Sladen with a kindly enough feeling towards him. Beating the suspicion of priggishness and of amusing conceit which every now and then peeps out in foot- notes, as., he generally writes like a gentleman at any rate, while his verse tastes pleasantly of " Flora and the country green." i 'Judith Shakespeare : A Romance. By WILLIAM BLACK. Macmillan and Co., 1885. In this romance William Black ventures upon dangerous ground. He conducts his readers through slippery places. Yet, when we leave him at the end of our journey, we feel that our guide has picked his way, carefully and irreproachably, among snares and pitfalls where many would have fallen or turned aside. His self-denial is unshaken, where allurements to indulgence are so many. He has also been gifted with the courage necessary to deal with a chapter of romance hitherto uncut The unprecedented nature of this attempt to introduce the greatest of our poets into the pages of fiction will at once attract and repel those who have learnt to regard Shakespeare as a deep and subtle power they can never measure or comprehend. It will attract by reason of this impenetrable obscurity, which the author in some degree sets himself to pierce. It will repel through fear of meeting with familiarity and affected intimacy, where reverence and acknowledged uncertainty should be always present We have all an inward, though unuttered conception, of what the man Shakespeare was. Perhaps we have each a different conception, and perhaps our conceptions are all incorrect But this is of so consequence. The next thing is, that whatever our preconceived idea may . it should not be shocked by a too violent collision with somebody else's preconceived idea. Now, we are of opinion that the Shakespeare represented in these pages is a creation that, by its evenness and sobriety, will offend no one ; but will by its depth and beauty be suggestive of much that our minds will be ready to receive as reality. Each new thought evolves itself naturally and unstrainedly from well-balanced surroundings. On closer acquaintance, then, there is much to attract nothing to repel and the misgivings with which the book is opened the book itself is able To j allay. There is something cot_uiutel} pleasing about the reverent manner in which the great player is introduced, he is never on the 'stage by himself never prominent ; we feel his strength, though he puts none forth ; he is accessible, though reserved ; throughout he is calm, tolerant equable, self-contained, Monaro conscious that his appearance is attractive, and his manner is distinguished, without effort His age must be approaching that to which he so feelingly alludes in the sonnet: " That time of life thou mayst in me behold, When yellow leaves, or none, or few, do hang Upon those boughs which shake against the cold, Bare ruin'd choirs, where late the sweet bird sang." We find him usually in company with Judith, with whom his manner is always playful. Try how she will, she cannot decoy him into seriousness. " To thy needle, wench !" is his answer to her more serious overtures. Another frequent companion of his idle moment is Goodman Matthew, the privileged gardener. In him we fancy we see the prototype, in part, of charts and grave-diggers we have seen before. He has an understanding with his master to introduce to the summer- house at the new place any notable characters that may frequent or pass through the town. Among these we get a glimpse of Dogberry and his valiant watch, Autolycus, Simple, and other notorieties. In the summer-house, among the raspberry trees and apple blossom, the plays are penned and put away, to be secretly removed and criticised by Judith and her gentle gossip. To the mystery of the sonnets there is no allusion, and here we consider Mr. Black's silence to be absolutely eloquent Although in modelling the character of Shakespeare they have influenced the author's mind, yet there is happily no direct allusion to the persons of whom they Speak. In conversation with Judith, Shakespeare once alludes to his " noble Essex done to death by lying tongues-but we are doubtful whether to accept this as Mr. Black's solution of the question or not Again, more generally, Judith's scornful reference to her social position as a player's daughter may perhaps re-echo her father's comments on his life in one of them. Otherwise the subject of the sonnets is untouched. The period of the story is one year, including his usual summer seclusion in the country, and the prepara- tion of a play for the coming winter ; his return to town at the close of summer, and his early return again to Stratford, after the threatened appearance of the pirated play. We are introduced only to the domestic side of the shifting life of Judith's father, though the long stretch of uphill life that led to his peaceful home by the Avon, is not quite obliterated. By its previous movement and action, the quiet of the passing summer is thrown into relief. The background of the player's London life gives colour to the retired life of the polished gentleman in Warwickshire. The book is no doubt greatly dependent on this powerful interest kept in reserve. Were this interest wanting, the book would perhaps be dull (and so no doubt would Hamlet be without the ghost). Yet we must bear in mind that this interest is not developed by the story. It is present to the reader before the book is opened-if it is present at all. To measure the effect of the book without this reserve force being brought into play, the work need only be placed in the hands of an intelligent reader who has little interest in Shakespeare's plays, and still lessinShakespeare himself. Many Such may be found. We cannot then wonder if they find Patience Shawe poor company, if a deep interest in Tom Quiney prove too exacting, or if the parson talks them to sleep. So their interest must centre itself in Judith herself, who is equal to the task of entertaining the dullest reader; Still we fear that in her absence Matthew Gardener will assert himself and prove tiresome. The book, then, is for lovers of Shakespeare only, and with its well-turned reticence and modesty will make itself welcome to them. Of this introduction of our great writer into romance we have only one fear, and that is the ice having been broken, that we shall be deluged with productions as rude and obtrusive as that of Mr. Black is graceful and subdued. We cannot extol too much the self-control of the author. We hope his cloak may fall upon any other adventurer who launches on these attractive but perilous waters. A Beauteous Terrorist and other Poems. By A WW DKnEH. Sydney : George Robertson and Co. 1888. The wanderer who has produced this little volume makes a fairly acceptable addition to local literature. Her songs are sweet her rhymes are true, a little ray of true poetic genius fiasheB at times in pathos or passion, brightening the breadth of common-place, by which term the bulk of the work must be described. It is not, poetry of the highest or indeed of a high order. The author has no gift of interpretation, nor yet. of self abandonment in the presence of nature. She does not draw the spirits from their caves or wildernesses, or show the inner beauties, the more divine aspects, of any scenes which become her themes ; the sentiment of time or place does not sing through her verse, except it be on rare occasions, when some little human emotion seems to have taken her in absolute possession. Such influences on such an occasion would seem to have brought forth " The Mountain Grave," some verses of which may be taken as amongst the best in the volume : " The MOUNTAIN GRAND. " The railway's heavy freight trains Go by, like giant things of life, Fresh from the fields of human strife; But there the wilderness remains. The free, wild creatures of the wood Scarce heed the trains that past them glide, The trains that never turn aside To break their peaceful solitude.' All wild beyond the one dear spot, Where loving hands, for his dear sake A garden for the dead will make For Death himself a garden plot. The lyre-bird from the ferny glen, At morn and evening softly calls The rains but bring the waterfalls; And never comes the noise of men. They rent the mountain's rocky breast, Still to-ina through the silent hours, To make a need for forest flowers A bed for his unbroken rest." "The Beauteous Terrorist" contains many verses which are of more than ordinary merit but one worthy of the terrible subject which may be fairly taken as the climax of a frenzy unparalleled in the world's history. fanatic, assassin, or martyr, however she may be judged, there can be no doubt that Sophia Porovekaia stands out now, and will be recognised in a near future as a foremost figure in the history of the time. Commonplace verse is but insult to such a memory. Her body was given to the hangman's rope, and her memory must either be sunk in utter oblivion, or sung in times which the angels of heaven may listen and echo as they hear. " A Wanderer " is more successful with very simple themes, and keeping down or struggling up to such might possibly produce verse in which simple minded might find an unalloyed pleasure. 