Chaptkr XLIII.—In* a Tog. Poor Lydia, crouching over the fire and el ivering still, looked like the ghost of the b< autiful sunshiny girl of a few months ago. T1 e old divines, scowling down from the walls, mi;, lit, if they could have spoken, have said that this was a fitting end to her infatuation. Ar.d as she bowed her head upon her hands she hegf n to ask herself if she had not indeed de serv<d this chastisement. He had openly avowed that he was not a re ligious man; but even before the avowal came she liacl felt that she possessed no power of guidance. Still she had always hoped that he might be "sanctified by a believing wife," and had tried to persuade herself that marriage would be the means of his conversion. Yet, true in heart to her early training, she had never been able thoroughly to abandon herself to the sweetness of her love. She had ever | been haunted by the fear—the old Puritan fear —of setting up an idol that must ere long be j rudely torn from its shrine, j It was this fear (always underlying lier hap piness) which had weakened her hold upon her lover and stolen the bloom which he had prized so highly. It had made her fitful when she, should have been equable, and timid when she should have been assured. It was only too true that they could not walk together. To any man of ordinary experience poor Lydia would inevitably have proved a trying companion. It is always hard for those who have seen the world to be patient with those who have never seen it at all. There is an obstinacy in ignorance which exasperates the calmest temperament, and nothing is more irritating than the horror with which the un enlightened minds regards the everyday doings of society. To Lydia, everything unsanc tioned by family traditions appeared sinful. The had always had a secret dread lest she should be punished for falling in love with an actor, and lo ! the punishment had come. Well, she supposed that there would be peace in the chapel now. She had but to make it known that her engagement was at an end and the dissensions and heartburnings would cease. Of course she herself could never regain the position she had lost; they would always look upon her as one who had wandered from the right way. But her father would win back all their confidence and be the honored and beloved minister once more. And life would go on in the old monotonous fashion; and there would be nothing to look forward to ! Other girls would have their dreams and hopes; hers were gone for ever. The straight and narrow way is, doubtless, the safest road ; but it is apt to seem terribly bare and prosaic when one has strayed away to the flowery meadows of the Enchanted Ground. Lifting her head from her hands she saw that out of doors the mist had thickened. It was a grey, wet evening, and it would be dreary work plodding across the fields to chapel. She rose, stirred the fire again, and stoofi upright on the hearthrug. Nancy was heard approaching with the tea-tray. In another moment the minister would come in from the study. She was conscious that Nancy gave her many an enquiring glance as she set the tray upon the table. It was not usual for Mr. Nori'ington to depart without drinking a cup of tea, although he always shirked the evening service. The shrewd handmaiden scented a lover's quarrel, and felt sure of gaining her young mistress's confidence later on. But she was mistaken. Never, while they both lived, would JUydia utter Ralph's name to Nancy again. The minister made no remarks about Ralph's disappearance. He seldom mentioned Mr, Norrington to Lydia; and although he per mitted the intercourse to go oil, and behaved with liis usual simple kindliness to the lovers, his daughter knew that her betrothal was still a heavy load upon his mind. It had grown so dark that they drank tea by candlelight, and Lydia longed to put an end to the dreary meal. Her sick heart was turning away from all the old forms of comfort. She could find 110 help in the texts and hymns with which her memory was stored; although she tried forlornly to select the most suitable in her treasury, the sacred words seemed mean ingless and vain. As she sat trifling with her tea cup she recalled the cold severity with which she had once listened to tales of broken hearts and crushed affections. "What could be expected by one who wasted all her love upon a fellow mortalshe had asked sternly, and the girls who heard lier had gone away with shame-faced looks, leaving her question without a reply. Then, too—worst pang of all—she knew that lie had deceived her from the very beginning. He had cheated her by pretending to be a seeker after righteousness, and she, poor vain little fool, liaa believed herself destined to guide his feet into the way of peace. Her face grew suddenly crimson with humiliation, j Could she forget how she herself had been overcome by the force of an earthly passion, and had lost sight of the Heavenly City in her wild yeaming to walk always by liis side ? There was 110 one to soothe this little self torturer and tell her that after all she was by 110 means the miserable sinner that she believed herself to be. There was 110 one to tell her that her unhappy love would make lier a better and truer woman than she had ever been before. She did not know that all the hard ness and frostincss of her character was gone, and that she would live a richer, fuller life ill ' years to come through her great sorrow. A_ fine drizzling rain was falling when the • minister and his daughter set out for chapel. | Both were well wrapped up, but the cold damp air made itself felt through their mufflers; and Lydia, at any rate, would have gladly stayed at home and nursed her grief by the fire. While she tramped along the wet footpath Ralph Norrington, with his knees luxuriantly enveloped in a fur rug, was smoking his cigarette in the corner of a first-class carriage, and mentally vowing that no woman should ever lure him into the country again in December. Ugh ! what a night it was. He shuddered at the recollection of that lonely little cottage standing in the spongy meadow. As for Lydia, poor child—well, he was very sorry, but it had been a great mistake. And lie had got out of it better than might have been . expected. In spite of the weather there was a good ■congregation in the little chapel. Mrs. Berrick had not ventured out, but lier husband and son were in their usual places, and Lydia found herself regarding David with a new in terest. Had he suffered as she was suffering now ? The chapel was never brilliantly lighted, and to-night the mist seemed to have got inside the building. A liazy atmosphere sur .rounded all the familiar faces; there was a prevailing huskiness in the singing, and every body coughed now and then. Jemima Wix was always the loudest congher in the meeting house, and this evening she outdid herself. Peter, doing his utmost to sustain the flagging strains _ of sacred melody, encouraged his fellow-singers with expressive gestures, and bellowed like an angry bull. He made Lydia's head ache distractedly, and once or twice she saw her father put his' hand to his forehead. When the minister stood up in the pulpit the fog around him seemed to have thickened. His white head and spare figure, dimly illu mined by caudles, looked like the ghost of himself ; and there was something faint and ghostly, too, in his voice. He might have been a phantom parson preaching to a congre gation of phantoms. And Lydia, shaken in nerves and half broken-hearted, began to experience a strange sense of unreality. It. would hardly have surprised her if she had seen the vague outline of lier dead mother's face among all these misty faces. Her temples throbbed; she breathed heavily ; and it was with a sigh of relief that she heard the con cluding words of the senium. The people were little inclined to linger after the closing hymn. One or two said a brief good night to" Miss Meade : but there was a marked curtness in their tone and manner, un like the hearty friendliness of bygone days. But she was too miserable to be pained by the coldness of old acquaintances, and stood wait ing, with defected patience, by the vestry door until lier father appeared. " Good night, Robinson," he said to the old man who was putting out the lights, " Good night, sir," the other responded. "The fog seems to get thicker, don't it? 'Twould be just as well, now, if you'd got a lantern to light you across them fields." "After traversing the path for forty years I'm not likely to miss the way," the minister replied. " Gome, Lydia, put your wrapper over your mouth ; this mist is unwholesome." So the two departed and vanished into the blinding darkness that was waiting to en gulf tliem. "Take my aim, child," said Mr. Meade. " I know every step of the way, and there is no cause for fear. But never have I seen such a, night as this ! It must lie a sea-fog; there is a salt taste in the air, and it is as cold as death. Courage, Lydia!" He felt her hand trembling on his arm ; but she was not afraid, and only shivered from cold and weariness. Keeping close together they stumbled on, plunging once or twice into 'the hedge in their efforts to avoid straying away into the fields. Not a sound broke the intense stillness; it would have been a relief to hear a dog bark or a cow lowing from lier shed. The silence and the blinding mist began to bewilder Lydia; she felt as if they .had been suddenly banished to an unknown world and left there to grope their way with out a guide. livery creature, save themselves, seemed to have found a'refuge that night. They thought of sheep huddling close in a woolly mass in their pens ; of horses in their warm stables ; of wild creatures hidden in holes in the friendly earth. At every step they seemed to sink deeper into the sodden ground, and Lydia felt that her father was growing weary. "We ought to have come to the stile,"he said uneasily, "Have we not been walking a long time?" "I—I think we have missed it," she an swered. "No, 110; that's impossible. We must keep straight 011, and we shall get to it presently. But my head is not so strong as it was once, and the fog is confusing. If we only had a lantern !" " I am afraid we have lost the path, father," said Lydia, in a shaken voice. "Won't it b:> best to stand still for awhile—just to collect ourselves? You know there is a pit in one corner of the field, and it is full of water." " But you are wet and cold ! We must find our way home," answered the minister, des perately. And yet lie felt a sudden fear lest they should find themselves slipping away altogether from earth and life. Another step or two might bring them to the pit. " bather," Lydia was clasping his arm with both hands : "don'tgo on; I am afraid." Her voice rang out in the silence with the shrillness of terror. "Ho not lose heart," he entreated. "Come, Lydia, be brave. There is 110 house near, no one will hear us if we call. We cannot stay here all night; come, Lydia, come !" _ He staggered on, dragging her with him; but she was sick with fear and held ob stinately back. " We have been keeping too far to the right," she cried. I feel it—1 know it. And the pit lies to the right of the held." As she spoke the minister struck sharply against a stone and dislodged it from the ground. It started away from his foot, and in another instant there was the sound of a dull splash. Lydia gave a loud shriek. They were on the very brink of the pit, but the stone had gone first and so saved them. Her scream was answered by a man's shout ithat came ringing cheerily across the fog liidden field. Looking back she saw a glimmer of light, and lifted up her voice again. " Help !" s he. cried with all her strength. Still clinging tightly to her father, she led him slowly to meet the advancing gleam, -which now looked like a yellow star bobbing up and down. "Is that you, Mr. Meade?" said David Derrick's well-known tones. " Y< s, we are here," Lydia answered, speak ing 11101 e faintly now. " And we have lost our way." "I thought you would. When I got outside the chapel and found what a thick night it was I borrowed a lantern from Groat's farm and followed you." "My father is very much exhausted," said Lydia, anxiously, "flow thankful lam that you have found us ! Another step or two and we must have fallen into the pit." "Great ought to fence it round," remarked David, in a matter-of-fact voice. He guided them carefully to the stile and then across the tract of common to the last field. There was very little talk. He was fully occupied in finding the beaten track, aud the minister was too much fatigued to utter •many words. To open one's mouth was to swallow a portion of fog, and Lydia felt that speech was not required of her. Yet si 10 thought that they were accepting David's kindness far too coolly, and wished that she could find a way of showing gratitude. At last, when he had conducted them safely to the very porch of the cottage, lie bade them a quiet good night, and then the minister found his voice. " Come in, David," ho said, speaking feebly, but with 110 lack of heartiness. " Not to-night, thank you, sir. The mother will be looking out for me." "We haven't thanked you yet," said Lydia timidly. "I've done, nothing that deserves thanks," he replied in that unmoved tone of his. " And now I'm off. I won't forget to speak to Groat about that pit, Mr. Meade. It ought to be looked to." The door opened and admitted them into an atmosphere of warmth and comfort. Nancy, full of concern, began to busy herself about her master and unstress; and the minister, faint and spent, needed all the care that could be given him. Kneeling on the hearthrug and chafing her father's cold hands Lydia more than once asked herself if she had not just awakened from a dream ? The perile of the foggy night had been real enough; but that parting in the afternoon dusk—was it—could it be a reality ? It was evident to both the girls that Mr. •Meade had taken a severe cold. They kindled a fire in the little grate in his bedroom, and persuaded him to try their simple remedies; but there was ail unspoken fear in their hearts. I11 anxiety for liim Lydia forget her own weariness, and scarcely thought it worth while to take any trouble about herself. All night she slept profoundly—the heavy sleep of sorrow, while the rain beat softly against the window panes. Nor did she wake (as she had wakened often in happier times) when the sallow light came in the east and the cocks crowed their welcome to the coming morn. The outlines of bare trees and farm buildings showed clearly against the sky, and all the clammy mists had dispersed before her eyes unclosed. She got up and looked out upon a bright day, and then remembered that she must begin lier life anew in a changed world. " The master is awake, miss," said Nancy, meeting her on lier way to her father's room, " but he hasn't got the ghost of a voice left. It's my opinion that they'll have to do without him for a bit at Zion Chapel." He yielded to their entreaties that he would remain in his room all day, and Lydia was. fully employed in making the little chamber as comfortable as possible. The morning hours glided swiftly away, and early in the afternoon there came an unexpected visitor. Miss Tabitha Rowe, followed by a small boy carrying her portmanteau, appeared at the gate. And at tlie sight of her face poor Lydia's heart grew lighter. Aunt Tabitha seldom came unless there was affliction in the house, and then she ■was always the most useful person that could be found. (To he continued.) 