A HOLIDAY AMONG THE GIPP3 LAND FORESTS, [By W.R.F.l It is a'question more easily asked than answered, where is the best place in which to spend a summer holiday. This question I solved for myself this year by determining, among other places, to spend a few days in the grand solitudes of the forests of Gippsland in Victoria. We in South Australia have no such forests to boast of. We have many square miles of scrub and unlimited desert; we have some wooded hills which afford us a plentiful sunply of firewood; but we have no forests such as are to be found on the flanks of the dividing range between Victoria and New South Wales. I write this in a pretty little house in the heart of the timbered slopes, over which the railway to Sale from Melbourne passes. The only approach to this place % is by a track, which by a curious courtesy js called a road, along which no vehicle except a bullock-dray dare travel. The very materials Of which this house is built have been carried hither on the backs of horses. Though a bush house, the kitchen chimney is built of bricks, every one of which has cost the owner half a crown before it could do its humble part in adding to the comfort of the dwelling. The iron tanks which catch the rainwater for domestic use were transported hither on pack saddles and chaffbags. The butter which is sent from this place to the Melbourne market every Monday morning has to be packed in tiers in boxes which are carefully stowed on the back of a huge and trusty old mare, who makes thus a periodical visit to the station, seven miles off. We, of course, had to come hither by the same mode of conveyance. Whoever comes "to this region, either for business or pleasure, must bid farewell to luxurious bug gies, and be prepared to find the saddle the only available vehicle. This is indeed a land of forests. This pro perty, which bears the name of Narracan Park, was, a few years ago, a dense mass of trees and undergrowth. Now, a few acres have been cleared and planted with fruit trees and garden vegetables, a few more have been sown with grass, and are now rich grazing paddocks, and a great number more are in the intermediate stages of the process of reclamation. All around the property is a fringe of giant ghosts —that is, of trees which have been rung, and whose decay and fall is only a question of time, These dead trees look very weird and unpic turesque in their present condition, but they attract attention and even admiration by their enormous size. They average about 200 feet in height, and are .of proportionate size. 1 have measured three or four of these fallen monsters and found one 170 feet long, another 250 feet, and one 310 feet. When my readers call to mind that the post-office tower is not as high as the shortest of these great gums, they may have some idea of the difficulties attendant upon a settler's attempts to make a home for himself in this wild country. These enormous skeletons stand so close together that there are about fifty of them to the acre, and in some places they are thicker. I got inside one yesterday that has been hollowed out by the combined influences of decay and fire, and found that at G feet from the ground the cavity was about 20 feet in circumference. Another, which has fallen, forms a cavern in which the cattle are wont to take refuge from the storms. To clear thoroughly country of this sort costs nearly £100 per acre, but the usual or more economical plan is to let nature and time do most of the work. The process seems to be first to slash away at the tangled undergrowth. When that is dry enough it is fired to get it out of the way. The great trees are then rung and left to decay. .Bonfires are made of them as they fall. There is little or no grass here, for the simple reason that the grass,, has no chance in these dense forests, and so as soon as the trees are dead grass and clover are sown and then cattle are turned out to feed. The land is of splendid quality. when_ once it is to be got at. Only a very rich soil could produce such a mass of vegetation as covers these ranges, but to rescue a patch of ground for a homestead out of this "boundless con tiguity of shade" requires time and patience and capital, and involves an amount of hardship to which our lightly-timbered colony presents no parallel. The owner of this fine property is now reaping the reward of his perseverance. There is now a nice cottage home here with its flower garden and fruit garden. A herd of thirty milch cows come up every morning and evening to be milked; other cattle are being fattened for the market. Eowls, ducks, pigs, and the other etceteras of a farm are in abundance. Two or three pad docks of potatoes show what the land can be made to produce. This, however, is not a South Australian farm. It has no whegtfields, no strippers and binders, and is independent of the fluctuations of the grain market. . In one respect, under its present tenants, it is a model establishment. The whole family, con sisting of a numerous household of varying ages, are all co-workers. Every day has its duties, and every member of the family has a share in the labor of the farm. To get here we took our places in the Gipps land railway for the Trafalgar station. Arriv ing there one morning we found awaiting us a guide and a couple of horses, and we were, soon on our way along the road that leads off from the station in a southerly direction. The road is dreadful. There was a heavy thunder storm the day before, and our progress lay through oceans of mud. The bullock-drays have ploughed up the track to such an extent that it was no uncommon thing for our horses to sink up to their knees in the mud. On such a road progress was slow and uncertain, and not always safe. But there was a rich'com pensation in the novelty of travelling mile after mile through such magnificent forest country. The undergrowth is a marvel of richness* Every glen is crowded with tree ferns and other unusual forms of vegetation. The trees are not spreading like the trees of our hills, but run up straight, without a branch, for at least a hundred feet. They have not large heads ; in fact, they are so close together that there is no room for them to spread, but their united crowns make a canopy overhead, through v.-hicli but few rays of sunlight can penetrate. The forest looks like a leafy roof supported by innumerable pillars. Tliis would have a desolate aspect if it were not for the undergrowth This covers the country to the height of about 20 feet, and is rich in the ex treme. It is. usually so dense that it is im possible to get through it except with the aid of a "slasher." The country is of no use to the squatter, for cattle cannot get through it, and if ever a luckless stockrider had to round up his herd in such a tangle he would soon give up the attempt. It was left to the care of nature till the miner and the'settler determined to conquer it. There are no mines here abouts, but the settlers have "taken up all the country between this and the railway, and their presence and their pro gress was indicated to us by our coming every now and again upon a few acres of ugly skeletons of trees standing mournfully to gether shoulder to shoulder, the ruined landmarks of the battle between man and his surroundings. About two miles from the station we came to the foot of a steep hill, up whicli the track ran for three miles. Erorn the summit of the ridge which we reached we had a grand peep through the trees of the ranges of Gippsland. The Mount Lofty range is less than half the height *of those mountain masses, which in winter axe covered with snow, and over which the track has to be indicated by snowposts; It used to be deemed impossible to traverse them, but now it is one of the things—which an ambitious tourist, who is tired of Queenscliff and. Sorrento, likes to "do"—to cross from the southern side of these mountains to Bright on the north. On the lull side our progress was barred by a* bullock- dray, which was hopelessly bogged and jammed by-a, fallen ■ tree. We ■ had to dismount-' while WO led our horses off the traek ami oyer the logs till we got round thfi obstacle. We left the drivers cutting theiipway out of their difficulty with their axes and'Saws. Two other teams were behind them, so that there was likely, to be a great scene of confusion before they all got clear, I wonder what would have been our sensations" if we had tried to get over this road in a buggy. Even if we had got thus far we should have had to take the buggy to pieces if we wished either to go forward or to get back. I do not thinkthat our rate of progress was more than three miles an hour, for it took us more than two hours to reach our destination. This is the largest and best clearing in the neighborhood. Its owner has spent £9,000 on the property in removing the forest, building his homestead, erecting bridges, and putting up fencing, Eencing is not so difficult or expensive a process here as in South Australia. This timber splits easily, and makes good posts and rails, and as t6 the outside' ring of a a property no better tence can be had than the dense fringe of unconquered undergrowth. No cattle will stray far into it, for even a bullock finds himself no match for a supple-jack. We met with a true bush welcome on arrival at tlie_ homestead, and soon felt quite at home in this nest in the wilderness. The afternoon was wet, so we had to postpone all our explorations till the next day. We then again took to our horses, and rode down to a little village called Thorp dalc. It lies embosomed in the midst of the forest, down at the bottom of a valley.- The village consists of about six cottages, a public house, and a school. The timber has only been cleared enough to prevent mischief in case one of these giants should tumble over. The fern trees have been left, and the place looks alto gether very picturesque in its intense seclusion, I never saw such wealth ol tropical verdure as that which we came upon at one part of the road where we crossed the creek called Easter Brook. The ferns were there in thousands, mingled with other trees around which twined festoons of creepers, some of which were laden with blossoms. Some of these ferns are 20,30, or Oven 40 feet high, some have double, and even triple heads. I saw one instance m which a fern tree had fallen and had formed an arcb, andfrom this arch sprang three new crowns of fronds, In the afternoon of that day we visited another of these fern glades on foot.. The aspect of such a place is quite different when seen from within to what it is when viewed from without. The ferns make a netted roof work of green. The fronds of one interlace with the fronds of another. Tiny forms of fern cling to the stems of the large ones. Rich mosses carpet every fallen trunk. White feathery creepers hang from the boughs of the trees. The taller tree ferns shoot like palms from this glorious rendezvous of beauty. As I sat last evening in quiet in such a bower, I could have forgiven myself if my imagination had tricked me by showing me fairies and elves and all unthought- of forms of poetic loveliness frisking in and out among the tangle. The only fairies of the present day. are the lyre hivds, which are said to abound in these glades, but the shy creatures did not not manifest their presence. I was struck by the absence of animal life in these copses. A few gay little birds which the settlers call fan tails were the only ones which I saw, but overhead in the invisible tops of the trees some jays were screaming and the laughing jackasses were chattering. These glades are frequently invaded by bush fires, which rage with terrible fury in this part of the country, but they soon recover. • The soil is so rich and so damp that a single season will obliterate the ravages of the most desolating fire. The tree ferns seem none the worse for being burnt. Erom the most charred trunks -which have ever fallen down I again and again saw a fresh crown of fronds sprouting forth. I was curious to speculate on the age of these denizens of the glens. _ The great gum trees were too much decayed in the middle when I examined any specimen that had fallen for me to count the rings, but I was more successful with the tree ferns. These put on a fresh crown every year, and the roots or stumps of the old fronds remain on the stem and add to its height, I measured the interval between these successive additions and found it some times one inch and sometimes as much as two inches. Some of the tree ferns were 40 feet high, which woukl make their age to be nearly 300 years. Never did I regret as I have done during the past few days my very slender acquaintance with the science of botany that I might have carried away with me a more accurate and detailed recollection of these Australian para dises. Nothing that I have ever seen in the palm groves of the tropics can surpass them in beauty, and no trees m the world surpass them in size and dignity. There is an idea that America can boa-st of the tallest trees, ■ and t-liat the groves of pines which are to be found in California on the track to the Yosemite Valley contain the loftiest trees that have yet been discovered. This is a mistake. Those trees are-not much above 300 feet high, but there are some among these mountains which are no less than 470 feet high. Mr. Trol lope in his hook mentions one which recently fell, and in falling broke its crown, but the part that lay prostrate measured 430 feet. The scientific name of the species of gum tree is Eucalyptus amygdalina. Mr. E.-B. Heyne measured one in the Dandenong Ranges, and obtained the following results :—Length of stem from the base to the first branch, 295 feet; diameter of stem at the first branch, 4 feet; length of stem to- where its top portion was broken off, 70 feet.f- At that point it was still 3 feet in diameter, so that it must have been originally' much higher. This tree at 3 feet from the base had a girth of 41 feet. _Mr. G. W. Robinson measured one near Borwick and found it to be 81 feet in circumference at 4 feet from the ground. Narracan Park, which is situated on the lower ranges between the rail way and the coast, does not contain such huge. monsters as these, but some of those which I saw at Easter Brook must have been nearly as large. As might be expected the very large specimens of this species of eucalyptus are to be found in the gullies and not on the slopes of the mountains. I was told that this peculiar gum tree will only grow at a certain elevation above the sea, and requires a cooler climate and more moisture than the ordinary gums of Aus tralia, and that they grow to the greatest per fection at about 2,500 feet above the coast. The timber is not as valuable as some other sorts which are less ambitious in their aspect, so that- it would be of little use, even if it were practicable, to attempt to acclimatise the Eucalyptus amygdalina in our hills, but the same remark does not apply to the tree ferns, These lovely and arehaio forms of vegetation would thrive well in our gullies and are, as we all knew, easily 'transplanted. They exist in millions in the Gippsland valleys, and there is no fear of exhausting the supply. Gippsland is a large district, and in every part is well worth visiting. Its lakes on the sea board have already become a favorite resort for pleasure seekers, but they are so similar to our Murray lakes they have not the charm of novelty to South Australians. Its mountains are, however, of vast extent, and are full of objects of interest. - They may be_ entered from the south from the Gippsland railway, or from the north from the neighborhood of Bright, or by the favorite gateway of Eern sliaw and the Black Spur, A bridle track inns across from north to south, which in summer opens up some grand and romantic country, but in winter is impassable, except for the most hardy mountaineers. Whoever is tempted to spend a holiday in these regions must put on one side all the conventionalities of city life and be prepared to rough it. He must not expect sumptuous hotels, or luxu rious buggies, or punctual coaches, He' must be prepared to do his travellings on foot or on horseback, and to take such accommodation as may turn up. He must not take it amiss if lie is caught in a storm and gets drenched with rain; he must take what comes and make the best of it and be determined to enjoy himself whatever happens. Whoever will explore the Australian Alps in such a spirit as this need not fear disappointment if ne determines to spend his next holiday amid the fern glades and mountains of Gippsland. 