CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. There was a large number of visitors on the training ground on Thursday morning, and as the ranger had tho traoks in splendid going ordor there was excellent work done. The steeplechase mare Lady Ash! on was the first to commence by striding along for 2 or 3 miles at a good working gallop. CnMllei- covered a milein good style. The Maribvrnnng — Nea colt cantered and spilled: Parody doing similar exercise. Boswortl: ami Ke.il .Tarn were given a pipe opener on the grass ; the old horse looks in raro fettle. Kingship ami Mossifaco ran a strong mile, the latter showing to advantage at tbe finish. Frec-ze-Out went long gentle exercise on tbo inner circle, as also did Prince Regent, All eyes were now fixed on Mozart, who emerged from tlio sheds in company with Highland Chief. The pair cahtereil onco round the grass, pulling up, the former walking down to tlio mile and a half post brushing awav to the mile when his stable companion joined 1dm, tbe pair coming home at a great bat. The Cup horse, who seemed to have his weight up, finished in front. This was the best gallop that lias been done hero this season. Too Too cantered Clelia cantered and spirted, winding up in- running off tho track. Rosicrucian was doing good preparatory exorcise on tho sand. Ktreio Grange moved over a milo in nice stvle Elwood cantered, whiio Boadicea was slioW over four furlongs. Velocipede went once round for good serviceable work, pulling un strong. This horse moved in his usual freo style. Too Too later on ran a sharp mile. Solo nnd Louis cantered and spirted finishing up hy running homo from tlio five furlongs, the former having a little tbo best of it. Master John and Plympton wore given a strong tour furlongs, as also Camerin" and Manxman H., the Cup ward doing another round alone. Tho following hunter were staling along for useful exelciso .— Conrad, Donald, Banker and Ruby. Primus cantered and spirted. Melodious and Vvaverie- were treated to a spin over fivo furlon- Alhanus put in some nico striding ex ercise. Grace Darling jumped off for a good strong gallop over tho Cup distance, Cii.ton and The Ghost assisting her on the journey, but they v.ore of little use to her as the Cup mnre had them m difficulties all the wav Ocii- hst. Peeping Tom and Cadland were given good healthy exercise. Clansman and Defrauder put in a nice four furlongs. Laudo rail a fair mile. J iion, with Master Pinctop, was given a strong onco round, both going well ; Idle Boy doing likewise. Meerschaum and OUandox oauh covered fivo or six furlongs. Union Jai k and Douglas put in nice striding exercise on tho grass. Bourne Belle and the Lapidist fiilv were given a spin on the grass. Mabel Gray put n a strong half mile. Tho two , cars olds Dulcet, Daystar and Dexto- cautered and spirted at intervals. The .Stn- performed » good working gallop on tho saud! Pha'bo \\\ alton and the Man GIad?tauo fillv cantered. Louisa Berta and Here Goes after cantering, ran home from tho .three furlongs. Cluny was doing Servicable exercise ou the sand, while Land League ran a useful four fur longs. \ anderbilt , who lins been cased off this last day or two, cantered. Salvo did useful work over five furlongs. First Pop easily de feated Gold lop m a fivo furlong spin. Lizetto and General Jackson were given mild exercise on the sand. Robin nnd Astronomer did some, good Btrong work on the same track. Cmberto strode homo from the six furlong post. Gasburncr nnd .Sparkle were given strong work on ihe grrtss. I.lmk Bonny and Hippogriff wore eagerly scanned as they came on tlio ronrse. The pair with their light weight iooks wee' indulged m a spirt up tho ntrai.-'hc on iho course proper, afterwards covering tho Cun distance in splendid style. Last vonrs Cun winner is looking big and well ami will strip very fit on the day. After breakfast. Too Too was brought back, and put in a Terv fast mile the Cup mare going well within himself. There was nothing ot any importanco done yesterday with the exception that Streak of Luck nogot'i- creditaWy R fcnces' Panning very 