THE DOMESTIC SERVANT CRIEVANCE. By litis. Never before in tho annals of Melbourne socioty have mistresses been in such a plight for want of domestic servants as they are at present. If things continue to go on as tinw- are doing, the raco of sorvants will become ex tinct, and wo shall all have to do tho work of our own households. Let any unprejudiced person glance at tho columns of advertisements which appear in The Age and other dailies under the heading of "Situations Tncant," and then say whether thero is demand for servants or not. Wherever you go you aro met by despairing mistresses with the same tale of wrongs suffered nt tho liand3 of refractory domestics, and thoir inability to procure successors of any kind to tho aforesaid refractory ones for " love or money." Somo of tho ill used mistresses will unfold tales that will.mako your hair stand on end with fright, and you feel that in somo res pects at least it is bettor to ho without any ser vant at all notwithstanding tho many incon veniences that havo to ho endured. In the homo papers wo read a great deal on the subject of assisted emigration, and wo aro givcnstatistics which set us wondoring. In ono papor I road the other day that "1000 womon have emigrated to the colonies by moans of tho socioty for as sisting emigration during the last twelve years. Well, wherever thoy go, thoy do not como to Victoria, that is certain. If thero is such a preponderance of women in the British Isles, why don't thoy send us soma to Molbourno ? For thero are no young womon here, they arc all " young ladies," and thoy will tell you that they prefer being employed as machinists, factory girls, tailorosses— in fact anything rather than ser vants. Poor girls, if they only knew it, many of thom would be far better off in a respectablo homo as a servant, and they would enjoy moro real comfort. Whenever a controversy com mences on tho subject of tlio treatment of sorvants, there are always somo champions on the side of the domestics, who will assure you that it is all the fault of the mistresses if they cannot keep their 6orvants, But that is all nonsenso, for though 6ucli may bo and is tho case with a few, I have known many instances of tho kindest nnd best of mistresses being treated with tho basest of ingratitudo by thoir servants. Whon ono is in want of a servant and haunts the Melbourne registiy offices, ns many ladies do day after day, it is then that somo adcqnnte idea is formed of the scarcity of sorvants nnd their independence, Tho letters of Mrs. Carlylo show us what she suffored iu this respect, and as it has been said " lay bare before tho world tho melancholy, not to say tragic, interior of what in some respects was n typical British housohold, through which flit, like ghosts, a perpetual succession of disappoint ing domestics." Wo are enabled by herleltors to understand moro fully some of Mr. Carlyle's vehement utterances, and to comprehend wlrnt ho meant by tho nomadic schemo of servitude. For instance, tho following passage from " shooting Niagara " is easily ex plained after reading Mrs. Carlyle's letters : — " It will bo long before tho fool of a world open its eyes on the tap root of tho fond notion that sorvontship and mastership on the nomadio principle was ovor, or ever will be, oxcept for brief periods, possiblo among human croatnrc-s. Poor souls, and when they havo discovered it, what a puddling and weltering and scolding and jar going there will bo before tho first roal stop towards remedy is taken." Certainly tho time seems to have gone by when servants identified themselvcB with tho interests of the family which thoy sorved, and it is considered some thing really wonderful if a servant remains' many years in the ono situation. Mr. Hetlier- ington, of the Employment Agenoy, in England, has on his books a record of 30,000 engagements of servants, and in 28,000 of these tho engage ment did not last two years. Wo learn by a contemporary that in order to induco girls on- gaged through his agency to remain long in their places, ho has this year offered a watch to every girl who remains two years in a situation which he finds her. Servants nowadays seem to take no pleasure in furthering the interests ot tlio masters, and consequently exhibit the greatest recklessness and oxtravagance in their habits. "Havo you ever observed," writes Sydney Smith, " what a (Uglita! fiei'Y«utll)aYe Ui any- thing cheap ? They hate saving fheir master's monoy. I triod this experiment with great suc cess tlio other day. Finding wo consumed a groat deal of soap, I sat down in my thinking ohair and took tho soap quostion into considera tion, and I found reason to suspect that wo were using a very oxpeuaive article whon a much cheaper ono would servo tho purposo better I ordered half a dozen pouuds of both sorts; but took the precaution of changing tho papers, on which tho prices were marked, bo- fore giving them into tho hands of Betty. 'Well, Betty, which soap do you find washos best?' 'Oh, please, sir, tho dearest, in thobluo papor; it makes a lather as well ngaia as. tho other.' ' Well, Betty, you shall nlwavs have it then.' And thus tho unsusneoting Betty saved mo some pounds a yoar." Of course there are a few pleasing exceptions to bo found to this too general rnlo, where servants do identify themselves with the interests of their employers, and are not altogothor wrapped up in solf. but unfortunately these exceptions are so rare that wo can find amplo excuse for becoming cynialo on the subject of tbe domestic servant grievance. 