EVENINGS Aim MORNINGS IN THE BUBH. BY "PEBTETBB." [In the Balcony—Mr. Patterwell'e religions eduoation and the romance of hie London life—AH the tbiags which Mr. Patterwell as an Englishman wants to know—Is the English New Testament above the Ghurch? —Is the Church above the Scriptures?— What are the Soriptnres ?] Am) so, as hath been said, Mr. Patterwell, the auctioneer, carried himself and his glass and his small bottle of "Bass" XXX" to the balcony, and I followed, carrying myself and a glass of " third mate's grog," three fingerB deep of old Jamaica rum, mildly qualified with one finger deep of filtered genuine aqua pura, a mixture very popular with those who, like me, had been half a dozen times becalmed in half a dozen voyages across (he Torrid Zone, and to whom " S bells" and cuddy tiffin is a pleasant memory <tmid the ship-board remin isoenoes of those languid latitudes. Everybody who has been to Grongar knows that detestable elevation with its snug contrivances for rendering it an alluring receptacle for idle wanderers who keep the waiter busy. Thickly fringed in front with a leafy vallanoe or flowering climbing plants, and furnished with three email round tables and four times that number of cane obairs, it presented An animated" street view of the liveliest partjof the town, end of The Bluffs, Or rugged, ragged heaps of piled up rooks whioh form the final hummock of the Gronga^ Ranges. The Bluffs was not at all an attractive sight -to gaze on, exoept as mountains, for all mountains have something of a spell or charm about them that holds the eye in awe, or admiration, or ouriosity npbn them. The Bluffs acted as soreens, or sort of barriers to Grongar on hotwind days, and this made them friends and favourites to the whole municipality. . In the balcony, then, with suoh eoenio appurtenances aronnd us, and with the consioutness upon us that " talking is dry work," Mr. Patterwell, the anotioneer, and I entered upon our subject with all the comfortable contingencies which leisure, garrulity, pale ale, brown rum, mild Havannas, arm-chairs, and fresh air could lend UB for the ocoasion. I was to talk to one who would rather hear himself talk. That was a point not to be forgotten, and it iB always labour in vain to talk to euoh talkers with the view of convincing them of an error. They will acknowledge that they are ignorant, but will endeavour to perBuade you that you should regard their ignoranoe to be superior to your knowledge. They will ask you a question and answer it for you. They will epOBk for themselves and for their opponents, like Pilate, who did not want or wait for a reply. Then I had to talk to an auotioneer whose powers of Speech were proverbial in the borough of Grongar and for many miles round, and especially on horse market or stud sale days, when—so the grooms and jockeys said —he could talk the hind shoes off a two-yearold oolt in full gallop. Mr. Patterwell's " eteam," as he called it—that is, his irrepres Bible love of talking—had been at high -pressure range for the last few days, since the revised New Testament had become an accomplished faot in Grongar. He had frequently boiled over about it. He was therefore very glad when he found that he had tumbled over someone who would aot for him as a Safety Valve and enable him to give full vent to the efieiveBcing confusion into wbioh (let) the tantalising tedioueness and (2nd) the disappointing conservatism of the revised volume had thrown his poor brain. As a boy he had heard his parents speak reverently of "the Bible;" as a youth he had heard prea'ohers from the pulpit hold it up as the Holy Book and Word of God. When he went to business at DEDBNHAM'S he fell into the oompany of the clerks and others who frequented the Goal Sole, and the Cider Cellar, and the Finish, and the Judge and Jury, and who read Hone's and Bradbury's publications, and Holyoabe's leotures, and, thus assooiated, he soon loBt his way and affected the SOCIALIST foolery of those times. Then he fell in love with the daughter of a very respectable citizen, who held an appointment in the Tower of London, whose brother was an Anglican clergyman, and a decided friend of the " Tracts for the Times," and a preacher in bis turn at St. Paul's. Toting Patterwell, who was well connected and goed-looking, saw this young lady at church in the Tower Chapel, where the Duke sometimes went to "SundayMorningPrayers,"andwherePatterwellwenttosee the Duke. He went again and again and twenty times again for half a year, and by his regular attendanoe and grave looks attracted the notice of the young lady and her papa. One Sunday, when the eloquent chaplain was preaching, and all were in rapt and silent attention, Patterwell suddenly fainted and sank down in his pew. The young lady's papa had him carried into the veBtry, and it was several minutes before fhe grave but good-looking young devotee recovered. This inoident led to explanation^ wbioh explained tbat Patterwell's »<mt, who waB married to Sir Jasper A ofOre Mint, waB on visiting tents attheTowcr nib-halberdier captain's, and an introduction followed, and a courtship followed the intra-' dw>ti0n,«ndaw6ddiog followed the oourtship, and fourteen months after the wedding a christening followed, and four months after the chrirteniug there was a funeral. Mrs. Fattenrail died. The lose of bit young and •oOotapliibad wife was a severe blow to her loving AMUU^ bMrt,«ad4ot fmtftm W< mourned her removal with <a : ceaseless sorrow. Sis aunt and_ other friends urged him to marry again, and tbey selected for his second ohoioe the daughter of the Rev. S. C (« leading evangelical rector on the Surrey side), an amiable young lady with extremely "low Church views." Two years after he emigrated to Australia, resumed bis first avoo&tion; as an auotioneer, and beoame a wealthy colonist. Two days before he sailed from the LONDON BOOKS he visited bis first wife's grave in the retired cbnrohyard of N , in Kent, and, after a long meditation by her headstone, he brought away a email bud of sweet briar wbioh grew on and overshadowed her burial place. This bud he had enclosed in a gold locket and wore on his watoh-chain, and so we see that in the life of those who discharge the most unsentimental and oommonplace of occupations there may be a chapter of the most touching, true, and tender romance. He also brought with him from London all the volumes of MELVILLE'S SEBMONS, several of which he had beard from the pulpit of the Tower Chapel by their eminent author, whom" Wellington "so.muoh admired. Thus, bred up in the high and dry sohool so prevalent even in the days of the mild and wise and moderate Archbishop Howley; then thrown into the giddy, irreligious sooiety of auctioneering London; then married to a pretty and piouB wife of the Via media; then united in second wedlook to a young evangelical maiden of the OIney type ; hearing the "Puseyites" denounced by the whole bench of Protestant bishops; reading cursorily the shallow but impassioned tirades of the London Press against the EOMAMZINO PABTY in the Cburoh of England, and, being unversed in EoelesiaBtioal history, toaaed backwards this wsek by Btomfield of London, and tossed forwards the next week by Isaao Taylor and the HJETOEY OP ENTHUSIASM: —between the jRetord and the "Traofs," and Jelf and Hampden, and Lord John Russell and Lord John Manners, and their BabeloniBh clamour of contradictory " doctrines" and declarations, what could a cockney auotioneer be as a eoriptural critio and a theologian ? " Now," he said, as he struck a match to light his cigar, " I am an Englishman, and I want n« nonsense ; I am sick of it. I want to know what is the Testament. I want to kOow when it got the name of ' Testament.' >1 want to know what authority it hag, so that I shall submit my judgment to it. I want to know wbycomtnentators give suchdiverseexplanations of what it says. I want to &now;, if it is theWord of God, why it isn't so clear and distinot that no one could mistake its meaning or differ about it. I want to know " " Allow me to ask yon," I said, interrupting him, "if yon have made your lest will and testament." He took the cigar from his lips and stared at me for a moment doubtfully, and then said, "Yes, I have; but what has that to do with it P" " It has this to do with it," Ireplied, " that if you eit here until you get all these wants of yours supplied, you may hot have time left to make your will before you die." I did not laugh, or even smile as I spoke, but appeared quite sprious. " Oh," he riaid, " you mean to say that I art too many questions at onoe." "]Sot at all," I said; " you may nsk a dozen more if yon like, but it Will take about 99 years to answer those you have already proposed. Then again," I said, " I should like to know if you expect me to answer the dozen queBtions^already stated." '' Oh," he said, "I am telling you what is oh my mind a^out the Testament." " Then," I observed, " you only Wish me to listen to your exolatnatory expressions, and not trouble you with any remarks." "No, 110," he said, "I Bhould like to know what you think about theBe things. I am stire you will agree with me. I'm an Englishman, and have my opinions about tnem; but what do you think of this revision ?" Ab," I said; "it is not necegBary for me to think of it at all." " How is that ?" he asked, again taking the cig^t from bis lips, and looking at me with Some surprise. Because," I replied, "lam a Catholic," Ah, oh, ah, a Catholic, oh, indeed; but how didjyou know the law Of the oase and about the Act of Conformity P" " Because," I said, "I take a very great interest in the whole question, though it does not concern me only as a matter of scholarship." Mr. Patterwell seemed a g6od deal perplexed, but, restoring his oigar to its proper place between his lips, he said, " Well, it's very odd that yon, a Catholio, should know the law of the Protestant Church and none of nB did. But then your Churoh is very different from ours, for yon put your Charon ABOTS 3BB SOBIPTUBBS." " And that," I said, " Ia juBt the very thing whioh she ought to do." " But you* doing so," he responded, " is what we Protectants protest against as a reversal of the divine order and rule of the case. The Word of God is above the word of mail." "Why," I said, " it isn't five minutes since yon told! me yon didn't believe it was the Word' of God yon had in your New Testament." " Tea," he replied, "but I didn't toiou> you were « Catholic then." "Ay," I *Ud, •< among your Prbtestant selves yon ttjnftbble pnd dottbt and deny ghat it fi the Word of Bod, bat when yon tnSjt With a Catholic yon immediately alter your tune «B<1 yoar' Testament agiSnrit bita las « fpn bad no doubts Aontit Is n« thisttevil«*t hypoore r Am. " w«ai, Wit -dp f OT.<q§a>eirM set away from the point,-but I will.answer yoa very frankly that the Catholio Church ip, in the Protest antsen fie, a Jove Hit Scriptures, but in the Catholio sense she is not above the Soriptnres, because she is not above herself." " Ah, then you mean that the Soriptnres are the written words of the Catholio Church," he said. " Exaotly so," I replied. "Then in that case," he said," the words of your Churoh are the Words of God." " Most certainly," I said, " when the Churoh speaks of the things of God— that is, ol (he Things which God sent her to speak: that is, of Faith -and Morals. TheBe are the things of God, and these he 6tnt his Church to teach unto all nations." " Well," he said, once store withdrawing his cigar from his lips, " veil," it appears very strange, and, indeed, frightful, that you should eay that the written Word of God has no more authority than the word of the Catholio Church." "If you intend to go into hysterics about it," I said, "you had better ring for a smelling-bottle before the fit comes on. But, meantime, will you answer we one question. Suppose you go to Sydney for 4 Week, and from Sydney you write a letter to your managing clerk instructing him to do a certain thing while you are away. Tell me, is that letter of yourB of more authority in regard to the clerk on the matter to be done by him than if you bad personally given him the instructions by word of mouth? Now, answer me." " No," replied Mr. Patterwell; " my verbal orders would, on the contrary, have something more of direct authority than my letter, beoause I should be there myself as master." "Ton asked me," I continued, " what was the New Testament. Now I will tell yon. It is, for the most part, a collection of letters (or epistleB) written by St. Peter, St. Paul, St. John, St. JameB, and St. Judeeus. These apostles wrote, just as all men in authority write, on business connected with their office and its duties. These apostles wrote to their subordinates at different citieB in different countries, directing tbat certain things should be done, and that certain things Bhould not be done. Now, I ask you, had these letters, or epistles, of the apostles who wrote them more authority than their personal verbaldirections,8uppoBing the apcstles bad come and given them viva voce ?" " Ah," said Mr. Patterwell, " that is a question I never before considered, and it gives me a new idea, and I really cannot take on me to say that the apostles' letters, or epistles, had morejauthority than the apoBtles themselves. No, it could not be, exoept perhaps in this way: that the letters, ot epistles, were inspired by the Holy Ghost." "Bat now," I said, "you are in a'fresh difficulty, because if the letters, or epistles, of the apostles were inspired, as yon oall it, the apoBtleB who wrote them must have been inspired, and I oall on yoa to say whioh Inspiration had the greater authority, that of the writings or that of tbe writers." " Well," he answered, " I confess you have given me a new idea on the sabjeot, and admit that no man's letter of instructions oan have a higher authority than his oral orders, given by himself on the spot. I am an Englishman, and I take business-like views of the question. What yon say so far is very good. I understand it fully. I take the ootnmon sense view of it. The authority of written instructions,or commands, or exhortations, could not be higher or greater or more worthy of reBpeot than the authority of the apoBtles' spoken words— wordB, fox instanoe, spoken from the pulpit instead of by the poBt-office. But, then, thiB argument will apply only to the apoBtleB' times and ministry, 'fheir ietterB, or epistles, were inspired, and therefore had an authority higher than the Churoh." " That 1s an evasion of my argument," I replied. " The point you have to deal with is this—"Were the epistles, or letters, of the apostles of a higher authority than the authority of the apostles who wrote them ?" " We believe that the epistles were inspired," said Mr. Patterwell; "inspiration gives them the higheBt authority." " Bat now," I said, "in the first plaoe yoa expressed your doubts since you Bat down on that seat whether there ever was any such thug as Inspiration, yet now speak as if you-b&l; no donbts abont it " " Ah," he Oried, interrupting me, "I didn't know yon-were a Catholio when I sat down. I thotighfc yoa were a ProtfiBtant, and I Wanted toOrtk the revision over with you, and see how far-yon agreed with me about it." "And 'yoa did that as an Englishman, I BUppose," was my rejoinder. "Yon believe Inspiration when you argne with a Catholic, and yon disbelieve Inspiration when yoti get among Protestants. Very pretty and oonvebient sort of faith is yours. But What are yon contending for f So you Imagine that any honest man vull allow you to play such baokward and forward tricks with the question f The epistles of the apostles were inspired. Bttt WhyP Because the apostles who wrote Hfefa -WMB inspired. Had their inBpired 'SrttWb^ a higher authority than the intfpbed wtterg r That is the question." 21st Jnly, 1886. IT is announced that the Re*. Dr. Del&ny;, 8.J., pretidefct of the Catb5H6 "University College, SteiSen's-gftep, been tioniU, natef by the OroWn toihe vacancy onthe; Senate of «be Royal Univi^ity by the death Pelwy in* ieitti&T; tePof c« College. WOLFS'S SoHNAPjro isa. 1 agreeable to the tagfo M rn^eial totbe health. DOK'T j)m 