THE DEAN OF MELBOURNE. Tbe Dean pteaebfa at Sr. James's yesterday, from Aote,7th obaptrr, 55 aud 56 veteer; ''Bat be, being toll of the H riy Ghost, lookrd up aterdfartiy into Heavo, and saw tbo glory of Gsd, asd Jeiua etandh'g ort the right used of Gcd, and said, behold, I see the lieavtci oponed, and tbe Son ol Man steading on tbe right band of God." He said tt was remarkable that whilst great attention is paid to CcrUtmar Day— the day on which the birth ! the Lard is commemorated— sod also Good Friday, tbe day of bis oraoifixlon, yet the day upon nbfoh tbe Chu»ch oimmemorutsd his BOBXftioo woe sqaroriy rametubired at all. The Apcitle raid thst the things that aro seen are temporal, and the things that are not seen an eternal ; or tt might be pat in another way, viz— that things whiob ore tem poral are seer, and have an enormous power over us ; whilst eternal tblagr, which are oot err, are liable to bo forgotten. Quits apart from ilo and avil, it was naiurAl for as to love the place wharo we were boru and brought up, and ehlsb wxs fall of obioots ifitsreitieg to us. Tbe house in whioh oar ebildbocd we» poind; tbo fields cn whiob ws played as children ; tee mother that looked cn our obildhccd — all those ware strong tioi to bind ns to eattb, and the world posieaaed various thioga pcomieiog gratifioatloa and pleasure whiob we were naturally ioclUod to purine. This was the cut with all men. The children of God were not an excep tion. Tbey were, in foot, more attracted to the world than the children ct the world. The knowledge thai tbees things only existed for a time made them cattefaotery and pleasant to ne; wberrae if we regarded them as ever lasting we ebould look on them with psin, Tbe accommodation house by tbe wayside, bowovor bumble was pie want to the traveller, provided it were ' clean and oomfortable \ bat if wo bad to ll'Q there for evir it would be far different. Aud so ift wae with tbe ebttd of God, who considered ftbe world ae a plaoe ot efjauro, and a< leading to something better. Woen trial end disap pointment came be knew that the manage wos sent from Gkd, and that Ihe band tntebed out lo wound him was tee band white bad bean peeroid and wounded for blm. Then oa to tbe glory that is to bo nwaled. Glory waa a very fiae thing when looked eft from a diitooor, but it pos tested very little charm to thoia wbo came close te it. "Whet then was it that could make the fatwa attractive to us. It wae It us wo oould form no idea 'o! God, boft we ooold torm ao idea of Ohriift, We had Hie words, Hi action', His auodatlpn with Hie piople, Hie mass ages or m«ioy,cua moue oi uaaiicK ruu auuio wuvw bo lsTa0tu>d HI. toidenuu ud pasoliu lava lor JobD, Id Linn., (ot Mwy ud Uortha. Tbn vers loots whom « ro«poot«d aod owid (or, ud were uzloo. (ot ; bst th&ro; «ta elben wbo wots ne.nt ui alone lo a>, ud ws (ooBd th»t onr Lord b>d lbs uir> (Mllogr .. ws la thU rnport, ud waa > lUn oa iatoma, aa ba wu nnllka oa io otbaa Iblna LlkanaiablaaOiotlon (or bit (rlesdr, bat noliko aa io bi. parfart hoIlo.w,poi(«ot inbmiiiioa to Iba will of Gxl, ud. perhal aaratrtoM. ia o»rryina «nt bh gt.al pnipou ot aaylBg mukind. Our vat, wuta, onr natnral (arting., onr (aui ot oond.mnailon, onr bop., ot bl'.'al- mor, all broogbt n. noorer to Him. W« IoTtd blm faooanaa bo Iored nr. Tbe gnat .caret o( rial aSeollonwu to lov.thoie wbo lorad oa. Wa wan told tbat th. (ntora llta wonld ba bright ud glorloni that tho gata ol tba gnat dtr wonld b. o( paarl, lta atnsla abluog with gold, aad lta (onndatlooa bnilt oa pmdooa itonai; that thna wa. tbs tin ol life btaiiag, (rail, (oa all o.Uou; Oat than Ian rlru ot Ufa Sswad aod thai thai, wonld ba no mora Know no srima, aad tbat all tear, aboold bo wiped aw.?. ; Thau tblaga wan , btes.nl, thaw.lbloga wan , gloriooi ; bnt tbs bnmu baart roqalnd .oma- 1 blag mora, aomatbing to love. Tbe ohild ot GodT axpailonood .a laodnau. lor tba world i udthonisU, udb, wonld not laara It lor tba ' gjor, ud biigbta.u ol tba oaw . JsiBialani, wan It Sot tar Jem< \ Wbtn tba Dbolpl.a wot oa tbo storm toiaed i lata ud taw Jaioa oomlng to tham oa thai watar tba, wen alarmed, tbloklog it wu a < aaparaatnial rfait; bot when ba laid, "It i. I," ' tbaiwuuongfa. Tbo, ka.w It wu Jour,; aad tbe, wan aatlafi.d and oonaolod. And ao | It wa. with thon wbo wara looking forward to, iba awfnl . da, whan tho Jndgmrat Mat; boold bo art opon, tbo . books opaood.i and tbo glor, ot God manlloatsd. Than; wban man ahonld glv, u aeoonnt ot blmwlt,. and 0.11 oo tbo rooko ondmonntatsa to obrar, blm ud bids him I from the. wrath ol God,' tbara wonld ba ha ard tbo tama expnarion " It iaL'l Btapban bad been botora, the proplo < who aadartook to Jndga him. :II wu In tbair handetoUkaawa, bialltr, .nd In tbair far, tbo, till . oa him and atoned blm, Wa wara tola that bla lua .waa thugsd u it it bad ben the lao. ol an angel, and thai balngfoll ottbo Hoi, Ghort, ho looked np ilrodlrrliv iat-> H.aran and raw tba G'or, , id God ttsd.'joiai itaoalog on tho rlaht baud or God, What w,. it rb.t gavo him -jo, ool w!tb.tndlrg ibe bodily aorniah ho war la, wbiLt bin derlrojara wrre like rag'not lioor aronodbim. It w.a tbat b. raw iho Hi.vena opmcd and tbe -Sua ot M.o itand- >r g at tba, right b.nrl oi God. There war one had gono b-Tora Siaphan. who lewd Mu), abd ha knew that it wa. th. Son ot Man etoadlrg at tho rtubt band .1 Q.d, and trerc w»» hla Jry, Too importrnoa ot the auoutii n war tal. — Tnnt it era. an a<«uranoe rh.t when we Rot into tbeK'ngdom i f God wo ahonld tbarn flrd one who lorrd nr. Wo were j not Roine In atraagair. bnt to un. who loved n , who had t.krn awa, onr feata, driod onr j tearr, imotifiad na, and withh.ld na in tba bourn oltamptatioo. 