BBEVITISB. iigyle betrayed! jjaaken has retired. large fire in Melbourne. - Bank-in- justice to the Argyleri 220 teetotallers in the Contingent^' typhoid fever in Silverton. Several deaths. A church in Alexandria (Vic.) blown down yester ? Asses' ears are the latest bonnet adornments in Paris. PaUey ?vrarmly pressed to contest Argyle with Sir M^nrv. ? Terrible mine explosion in Saarbruck ; . 200 people entombed. _ Elliott, the veteran cricketer, died ueMelbonrne yesterday. Mr. Boehm -will be the sculptor offthe Queen s Btatue for Sydney. The ghost will not walk (over) at Argyle. A live jnan is coming out. Eleotionof Mr. Cameron unopposed to»Chaimian ghip of Committees a surprise. James Pile, a -wealthy squatter in SouthiAustralia, died on Thursday at the age of 85 years. : Many of our troops left interesting- sweethearts behind them. At least, so Luscombe _sajrs. Every member seams anxious to put in iris ' spoke ' for ' wheel ' or woe in the Soudan debarfce. The Government hopes for a division on the Soudan question to-night or early to-morrow morning. The two hundredth anniversary of the invention of the thimble has just been celebrated in Holland. ; The 'Imps' were quite fiendish with delight in the Opera House yesterday. The -whole affair a big boom. ? They say that Argyle is being ' aMgailed ' and 'decoyed' into a surrender by the 'No surren ders. ' ? Our late Dictator (the only Parkes)i has a good chance of soon being dubbed Duke of .Argyle, God bless him ! 1 The 'K'ja.Tna. ghost has created a terrible scare in Goulburn, and frightened poor Banieu out of his candidature. Dr. Webber, the new Anglican bishop of Brisbane, is the viear of St. John the Evangelist's church, Holborn, London. The debate in the Assembly hag beem. again ad journed, and seems likely to extend* owr the early part of next week. The fellow Cleopatra Needle, whichrwss * set up in New York, is gradually crumbling aOTay^owing to climatic influences. 'He who fights and runs away may ? Sve to fight another day.' So says Sanken. How hei would have shone at the Soudan. Mrs. Garrett Anderson, the well Iruown lady doctor, has arrived in Adelaide with Ijer husband (manager of the Orient Co.). Mr. Luscombe had a few little notes for speech making ready on Tuesday. But they to: raid not let him fire off until yesterday. The matinee, yesterday, in the-Opera . House, was for the benefit of the 'Imps' -themselves. They must have netted a handsome sum. The country will bo irretrievably disgraced if the seat for Argyle is 'given away' at tiis critical juncture by a few Sydney wirepullers. ? A strange fish, 4ft long and -with a mouth lOin ?wide, was recently captured off the northern coast. .They are going to try to get it a positia'o=as minstrel end-man. The 'gods' in Parliament lastnighrfeenjoyed the speech of M'Elhone immensely. The;/1 actually tit tered aloud and extended their satisf act c try grins from ?ear to ear. Three children named Douglas, 9, 11, and 13 years respectively, who were found by Sergea nt Lee in the Newtown district in a destitute conditi on, have been 'sent to the Benevolent Asylum. Probate of will granted after-a solemn trial. Then it turns out that there is not enough estate to pay even the lawyers. Much use in the .probate, and great consolation to devisees. The native language at Cape -Colony is simplicity itself. The Cape Mebctjbt says that 'IntsiMzi means either a bug or a broomyogel.-;' the* secretary bird being called ' Ingxangsosi.' Splendid diamond discovered at. tlie Transvaal mines. Weighs 352£ carats, is a perfect octahedron, and is almost faultless in color. This is the Largest stone yet found in the four great mines. On the proposal to adjourn the debate, Mr_ Abigail said hist night, in the Assembly, that the discussion should not be closed hurriedly, as he kuem of 14 other members who wished to* speak. In Melbourne the other day, a lecturer argued so powerfully against the use of tobacco, that several of 'his audience went home and burned their ? cigars — holding one end of them in their mouths. 'Tis said that two Sydney Orangemen are eon trolling the election for Axgyle. ' You sctrateh my ? back and I'll scratch yourej' says Abigail to H. P., ' and ' God bless the Duke of Argyle ' ' -chorussed both. M'Elhone, in referring to the dump-ca r question , last night in the Assembly, eaid he had go fc his infor mation from the Evening News; and ;yet, in the I Supreme Court recently, he said he neve r read that newspaper. \- On St. Patrick's evening a concert is as given in' the Oddfellows' Hall, Paddington, in aid of the Roman Catholic church. A number of i he gems o; Irish music were well sung, and the eaua^'iniiient was a success. '? The i condition of the ' commiseret * -was excel lent,' said Mr. Luscombe, when speaking of the Contingent for the Soudan. And one Lon. member said, 'How much?' and another, 'Oh,, he means commissariat. ' ' The request of the Under-Secretary to lie informed of the probable revenue of the Boroug-k of West Botany for the next five years will give -die council clerk (Mr. T. Leeder) some little trouble. New build ings are springing up everywhere so rapidly that it ?will require a prophet to estimate what tHe revenue ?will be five years' hence. The aldermen of West Botany consider that the Government has taken a strange course to recom mend its proposed Local Government Bill to the municipalities of the colony by attempting' to throw upon the municiDalities the whole expense of making and repairing the main roads of the colony, which the Government has allowed to fall into a disgraceful -etate of disrepair. ' Sir Henry Parkes still looks upon the -electors as donkeys, and continues to dangle his bunch of thistles (under the name of a local government bill) before their noses. He has talked of this for the past 20 years vrhen out of office, but took care not to jeopardise his hold on the pnblic purse when he had :the power. George Gilbert Murray, youngest son of the late Sir Teren.ce Aubrey Murray, gained (as we announced a few days ago) the Ireland and Hertford Scholar , ships in the University of Oxford. He .was educated in the famous Merchant Taylors' School, London. ?Hubert Murray, another son of Sir Terence, is a graduate of Magdalen College, Oxford,_ and is pur suing his studies for the bar. He gained a first ?djasa in classical moderations. On the occasion of the removal to Loehinvar of Constable O'Bsien from Cooranbong (where he was for a long time in charge of the local station, and has also officiated as acting-clerk of petty sessions) a .purse containing a handsome sum of money was ^presented to Mrs. O'Brien as a mark of the esteem in ?rwiichher husband is held. The presentation was ?-.made in Mr. Henry Daunt's Hotel by Mr. Biehard ^Gorman, on behalf of the numerous subscribers, most flpf whom were present. I ~. ' Justice to All' wishes to know why the telegraph Ojji^ratorsdo not pet the £2t) increase per year under the Civil Service BilL The operators work very long fours ; in some cases from 8 a.m. to 8.30 p.m., and .are generally employed on holidays, when other CI . ii .servants are enjoying themselves. : A meeting was held in Btargan's Eastward Hotei, :-m Tuesday, to open a Masonic lodge (S.C.). Sir. Russell occupied the chair; 18 members paid their .initiation fees. It was proposed by Mr. Burgan that arrangements be made for a ball to be given at the ;opening of the lodge. » In the Woollahra Library and Debating Sooiety, ?£te question 'That the offer of colonial troops for ,ttte Soudan by the Ministry -was^fe. wise step' was Jia^i'tiYed by a large majority. Messrs. Grierand ire.Vand supported the motion, which was opposed by JHefcias. Gale. Hillman, Wright, and Oakes. A .?waiting-room is being erected on the Mort's Dock; Ferry Company's landing stage at Mort's 3)ock by the Balmain Municipal Council. It will be found ? to bo a great convenience to the public. In tie Balmain Police Court. Magistrate to de fendant : ?' Have you any questions to ask the wit ness?' Defendant to witness :?' Didn't I lend you rmy ring to ;pawn, and isn't that my old man's shirt lyou've gotiOn?' No response. . Luscomie in *^e House laat night seemed most ? anxious to -ptave that he was a real patriot and that iiis constituents would consider him as such.... The Speaker told ft™ twice .tfcafc-tiiis was not 1316 question before the Honse. .-»?'???„ ?, -rcl To-morrow, «reat suow.day of Sew -aooQs, Ifivery ih\'ng tickedai Wilson's, ia DevonsWre-st. — ADyr. Shea's Hats- Youths' Hats, Boys.' Hats, from6d to 12s 6& T. Mavpefp, Beattae-et, Balmain.— Abvr. . Beach's Consultation.— Sydney Cup, now open, filling zapidly - svpplr early. :Krat Horse, . .£250. 1000 solis.. 10a «ach, j&ddress; Beach, ease of J. ;G- Deeble, Hotel. ESnflr^tEeet^-A^TT. ; ; ' .. ? \ _ ., - Tattersali'e .CojiBiitt»*ions,»rHawkesbury Handi cap and SydneyCup. BW op*B, fillingiaat. A3 5eW-r'Tattorssai3'care of G,AoJajns,TatfcersaU!s5 BoteL Sydney.— Adtt. „ ? ?''- . . . ??: '.-., -??! Miller's. Cdnsultefcibns.-T^iSney |2[np nowofren. 3irst horse i5eiq»6-;JEee Seji ;&MraffirJ.; *???«»«*£ 'York Hotel. Sy^S^r^^fig, ..,'?.';.;' ?,?:?/' ? '.-.-- -- »'? i«J- 1 -Ai)Vx* ?'' ?^rri*'.'~-'.- '*?_.- ?-?-'?'»:.:-,:_?? ? .. . - -M ' '.' . ?.'?' '. t ???':? ; ? ..- . .- ? ? 