BREVITIES. A ... ' . ? V RM.g. Iberia left for London to-day. A man who knows his bis — Kaiser Wilhelm.. The reason old maids are odd is that they axe un matched. Bronchitis reported to be very prevalent in Mac don&ldtown.; The staple production in M&cdonaldtown; is bricks, hricka, bricks. Marine Board inquiry re Cahors to be resumed at 10 a.m. to-morrow. Gladstone: Ha! The Bear: Ha! ha! Disraeli's Ghost : Ha ! ha ! ha ! A~ whale 45ft long found on the beach near Whan garei, N.Z., on Jnly 11. E.M.S. Carthage leaves for London, via Colombo and Bombay, to-morrow. 'Perfidy in Sugar ' ia the title of an article in an exchange. We never heard sand called by that name before. 'It is the mosquito that sings that troubles the most.' We have noticed the same thing abont women. Mooting- of publicans in Hooke's Hotel, William and Bourke streets, at 8 p.m. to-morrow, re local option. 'The water .was 2ft ^inover the bridge in Eenwick etreet, on the WarrenBstate,' said Alderman M'Coy, ot Marrickville. Owing to the meagre attendance at the Sanitary Conference yesterday, each of the speakers addressed the Chair twice. ' R.M.S. Iberia took 3123 carcases mutton in. her refrigerating' chambers for London, and takes aboard 2000 more in Melbourne. The Marrickville Council will not cry .over spilled milk. It will pay for it, and extract the stump which upset the milk cart. The concert in. aid of the widow and children of Ebenezer ITallam, wharf laborer, will take place this evening, in the Protestant Hall. Mr. M'Clure denies that education diminishes crimes. It only changes them, and cremation would open the door to numbers of new crimes. Juan, da Costa, American ship, bound from Mel bourne for Calcutta, and having 140 horses aboard, ashore in Torres Straits ; feared total lose. 'If we could only cremate two-thirds of the in-' habitants of Sydney and suburbs, the present water supply would be ample,' said Mr. Clever Bones. Mr. Brown: 'Miss Gray, allow me to present my fciend, M. L'Oiseau, of the Canary Islands.' Miss Gray : ' How delightful ! Yon. sing, of course.' The stomach of the ostrich, is located in its back. When an ostrich has the stomach ache it wears its mustard plaster in the same place a camel does its hump. When the Sanitary Conference discusses questions which are likely to affect the present generation, no doubt the public will show some interest in the dis cussion. The author of one of the funniest after .pieces on the Sydney boards at present is generally supposed to be Bent; but a ' Keen'nn' eays it is the straight est thing out. ' I'm going to follow that works committee about and see that it doesn't shelve any of my re solutions,' said Alderman Bloomfield in Mao donaldtown last evening. Spreading tar on the front gate of a fiussian girl's residence is said to be the greatest insult that can be ? offered to her. The inference is that she can't catch a beau by any other means. The Czar's wife does not want him to go to war, and the Nihilists do. The poor monarch therefore doesn't know what to do. He will be blown up if he does, and blown up if he doesn't. The one practical suggestion at the Sanitary Con ference was that in future low lands should not be filled with decaying animal or vegetable matter ; but that all such rubbish should be cremated. Mr. Wilkinson considers that in 'the matter of cremation tne public must be educated as a child.' Some of the speakers at the conference yesterday appeared to require to be taught elocution *' as a child.' Alderman Ives is of opinion that the sanitary bylaws of the Macdonaldtown Borough Council are not stringent enough. He said that Borne people could do as they iike, and others got pulled up shortly. The Waratah Cricket Club will hold its annual entertainment in the Nowtown Town Hall, this even ing. The Mayor of Macdonaldtown, Mr. Goddard, wiil distribute the trophies to the fortunate recipients. Alderman M'Coy suggests that a cup be offered for rowing matches in Eenwiek-screet and the Excelsior parade, Marrickville. He thinks this would be more sensible than for the council to adopt the dedication of the streets. ' If it was financially possible for the council to form tne streets in the Warren Estate, no one would be more willing to take them over than I would ; bat that is impossible,' said Alderman Graham, of Marrickville. 'It'B absurd to suppose that a council can be com pelled to take over a street with a quarry 30ft or 40ft deep in it, or a street which is under water several feet whenever there's a heavy shower,'' said the Mayor of Mamckville. Mr. Allison D. Smith, formerly locomotive super intendent of the South Island railways, N.Z., was presented, on the 6th instant, with a gold watch, gold chain, an opera glass, and an illuminated address by the railway employes. The Macdonaldtown Council, in order to hasten the completion of asphalting the footpaths in that borough, has reduced the proportion of the cost to be paid by the applicant to one-third, instead of one-half, as has been heretofore the case. 'Ladies have to step into Sin of mud at the Marrickville tram terminus,' said Alderman Graham. Well, this is not much worse than in some parts of Oxford-street, Paddington, and at the junction of Elizabeth and Market streets, Sydney. The Wesleyan Ministers in Melbourne are inviting their congregations to sign petitions in favor of the new licensing Bill, and especially to declare that there are neither legal nor moral grounds for granting compensation to publicans whose licensed houses may be compulsorily closed. The inspector of nuisances for the Borough of Macdonaldtown reported that owing to his having been laid up with bronchitis for the past few weeks, the goats and other straying animals had been having ' a high old time' of it. The inspector reported himself as ready to go on the warpath again. ' Animals and planes are unstable,' said Dr. Craig Dixson at the Sanitary Conference. ' The former absorb the constituents of the earth, and animals as similate plants, so that a constant combustion and decomposition are going on which is only a slow pro cess of cremation.' ' I came out in a cab from Sydney to Marrickville, and when we got to the corner of Park-road the horse went down as far as he could go in the soft ground where the Gas Co. had been laying1 pipes. It took two hours to dig the cab out.' Thus an alder man of Marrickville. The council clerk of Marrickville classifies the letters to the council in a very convenient manner. Letters from Government departments are read to \- gather, as are those on kerbing or asphalting. In. some councils letters are read in a 'higgedly piggedly ' manner, which is rather perplexing. Last evening Alderman Bloomfield asked the Mayor of Macdonaldtown. whether the works com I mittee had inspected Ada-street, and on being an I Bweredintheaffirmative he asked whether they had I returned in safety. On againreooivingareplyinthe I affirmative, the alderman said it must save been I providential, because there were six feet of mud in I the street. I 'When property owners have paid a share of the I expense t& asphalting, and the paths require top I dressing', is tie -council to pay the whole cost, or ?will I the ratepayers have to contribute a portion?' -asked I Alderman Moves, of Marriokville. 'I should like to I know what is done in Sydney.' 'In Sydney,' re I plied Alderman M'Coy, *rthe unfortunate ratepayers I have to pay the whole cost of staking or repairing I the footpaths.' The -whole of the ticketB for the Mercantile Sowing Club ball, to be held in the Town Hall on'Thursday evening, have been disposed of privately. The com mittee wishes it distinctly understood that no admis sion will be allowed by ' door payments.1-' His Worship the Mayor of Sydney will formally open the ball at 9 o'clock, and the whole affair is expected to be a grand success. The mountain towers toward the cloud, The ocean roars like thunder ; But when -a woman's scolding loud She fills man's soul with 'wonder. 'Tis then lie feels how weak he am, How small and tame he be. I His voice is but a hollow eham I When he oontends with she. ? I Make a note of this — Haley's in Oxford-street; are I the cheapest drapers.-HADVT. ' I The grandest caih butcher shop (city), stabling, I long lease. General Agency, 319, King-street.— Ai-vt. I Palace meat market , large back-premises, back «n I trance, lease five to twenty years, 119, King-st.— Ad vt. I Wonderful bargains ia flannels and blaakata =at I Wilson*, cheap sale, Deyonslu^:djreet.— Advt; ' .. /? I TatffrBalTfi ' Consultation on Sir JoBepb: Banks, I Hawkesbury Handicap, Metropolitan Stakes, and I Melbourne Cup, now open. . Address-. TatfcersaTl's, I care of G. Adams, Tattersall a Hotel, Sydney.— I Adtt. :'-p- ? ?-? ? ??' ? -..--' ?. ?? -?? -.?; ?-???????. . .-, 