how to prevent racing accidents. Tin Melbourne Serald BSJB No metier what may he said to tho ooatrary by trainers, jockeys, and raring men generally, tie ganeral nublio possested of an ordinary, acquaintance with turf matters will not fail to. endorse the admission iff one witness at yesterday s inquest, that inch extensive disasters as that ol last Saturday are relatively more likelyto happen in large s"1 in small fields. Where forty hones start thore aw ran to b® wioilfl of kit dams ; and tixosgfa ti» intJ oty toil ont to aa apparently great length there will be no gape between tham ot any unportanoa. Consequently, it any one of the leaders 'Comes down there are certain to he a great many on top of him at once. Where only half the nnmber etui the Ganger la greatly leeeened, for -to Jhe time steam is being put on only halt the number there would be m a field of !«iy would have any chaoc© or woold w able to find ibeneceeeary steam. Thequeetionmow are fields to be reduced iu number? Valuable stakes are now offered, and theea arc great temptation's Ic ctccti io coma instances, even apart fron. the money to be pockttt 1 m wage - iu the esent of wcw . The olob: ckc hr.iSj devise enr moans by which tb.y er.n rriore the nomination Ijji an henoarsLisos: net, or of nay owner trbe (As not Veen shnnr. "> i. - v o been gniltv ot Aisbenv-i. running, or o:iisr mslpractinu. It is ntiil mare impossible, having reeriv&J; \- the nomination, to relate a start. SUE, weyond question, publio opinion, and uren owners feeiinve, will in future be against starting mri lwge fields as that for the Canlfield Cup last Saturday. The club will consequently hare to, cut about for aome means to meet the diffi culty. The question, we admit, is n wide one. There are many interests and very many con- siderations not to bo lost sight of, and nothing should be tried without most careful review of nil the bearings. In . this spirit, and not with any idea that it is likely to meet With general acceptance, or even that it entirely meets the rase, we may be permitted to make a suggestion. It will hardly be denied that all our principal racecourses, metro-, poli tan and provincial, are perfectiy safe for fields numbering up to twenty-fire, the ordinary and unavoidable risks of course ex cepted. Is it not possible, then, in raoes where there are more thin twenty-five starters, to run. the event in heats ? We do not mean heats in the ordinary racing acceptation of the term. What we propose is that when there are more than twenty-five starters, the numbers of one half should be drawn after the manner of a sweep by the dub, and this half formed into one field, and the other half into another field, the placed horses in eath to be entitled to start ; for the run-off. Whether or not the run-off; should take place on the eame day would depend upon the length of the rue. In this way many of our large fields would be divided into two of from fourteen to sixteen, with a , final field of the six best horses to fight it out. , We are perfectly aware there are many objec- , tiooe which could be urged, each, for instance, that the event could not be got off in one day, or, if it were, that it would, when the distance was anything but short, be cruel to the horses. Owners would perhaps nie the liability if the event were not finished in one day of horses 1 going wrong in the interval, or not being so; well on one day as on another. After all, 1 these are risks they have to take now, every season and every day. Rot only do they run the risk, but their own mistakes frequently spoil their ohauoee. No trainer in the country hoM not occasionally " left a race on the training ground," as the saying goes, or has net failed to give his horse the one gallop just wanted to make him "pink." It is no easy matter to just " nick it, and we imagine, under the sys tem we propose, it would be no more difficult than it te now. At any rate, when doe notice is giton all would be on the same footing, and there woold to nothing to grumble about. As for the public, they would be the gainers in being afforded three splendid raoai for many of our important events luetoad ot en: mfi xt ? v . ojre ?hu system would be f i-i. £ie I clubs, 00 «oubt, would beT« a difficult to !v' .5 v— — -J- i wuui' aweary to provide prizes re;, | the. pla-ted bo; v. the two beata. aeweU as ! more jI prisae for the flrrt tt:u« ii. toti ruu-uil. A9 w<> have said, this system, if suitable at tili, is beat suited to the short events, end those uo to a tmle half. Aa is well known, for one hone that oan go two miles there are ten can go a mile end n half; end for one that oan go s mile and a there are half a dozen that can go from five furlongs to a mtie at firsUclasa pace. Consequently it to in the shorter distances the big fields are likely to be fonnd. Our Melbourne Cup, Australian Cop, and Champion fields are never likely tt> be greatly increased, for the very sufficient reason that it is impossible to breed many horses capable of covering the distance under any weight iu such time as to give them a ghost of a show with the cracks. The Newmarket Han dicaps and Caulfield Cups of the future are likely to see the most horses saddle up, and really we cannot see any insuperable difficulty in the way of applying to them this class of races. At any rate we should like to eee the question considered by some of our leading clubs. The objections sore to be raised could then be discussed. 