LiATET 7INTELLIGENCE. [Br ELzcraIc TELEOAP'.] (?OM nOU Own COnRESPOSDEST.) \- MELRS.I NE, Thursday Night. A railway accident has occurred at Wallan 1Wallan, where a goods trein which had re ceived the "all' right,". signal ran into a passenger train standing at' the platform, owing to the pointsmasn not turning it on'to the middle line of rails. Ten passengers were injured, mostly. with bruises, cuts, and with shocks, but none seriously. Mrs. Taylor and Mrs.. Eslick, charged to day with attempted a criminal operation on Eva Latham were acquitted. The Central'Board of Health idtend ex amining passengers from Sydneoy, per Koonoowarro, wiLh view to quarantine if necessary, owing to the small pox case. The inquiry iuto the ease of Lutz, the Engineer, for neglect in c.nnction with the Geelong Water Supply proceeded all day and was not concluded. I.: M.S. left with a good passeiiger list and ( thirty thousand sovereigns. Barnes will sholtly be presented at the Police Court for the murder of .lack, but the trial is not likely to take place until April. Messrs Levien, C. Yeo, and Derham, M's.L.A., have been appointed trustets of the Agricultural Colleges. Anthonly Lindley, of Oldfiel i and Lindley, timber tnerehents, committel suicide by cutting his throat in his own coach.house this m-rniulg. Pecuniary embarrassment is the alleged cause. . Two licens.es were fined for plaeing in ferior spilits in bottles bearing De Esuyper'a " gin and Royal Blend Whisky lhbels. Louis Barnard has commenced an action I against the comm:tteo of the Victorian Club for expelling him for refusic4 to pay the fine imposed in consequence of his caduct in relation to the horse Hurricane. The following holses remain in the sub joined events, exclusive of rcratehings that may come to hand firm Sydney or Adelaide: S-In the Newmarket Ilandicap-- Welcome Jack, Garfield, Battalione, Sir .Garnet, Blink BDony, Prometheus, C:ningshy, Middle march, ])uenna, Topz, The Ghost, King's Own, Mistake, An!elia Victoria, Sheet Anchor, St. John, Alphabet. Velocipede, Mascotte, Town Moor, Lavington, Coronet. Xantippe, Bohemian, HIannib:l, Surrey, WVestbary, Marie Louise, Leporell, Clan uline. t Aus ralian Cup-CGommotion, VWelcome Jack, The Piuoger, Guesswork, Off Citinr, S'rdius, Coriolanus, David, Sir Garnet, Hilltop. Ring woosd, Silver King, Sheet Anchor, Ielene, Brown and Rose, Coronet, Acolyte, Minelva, Stornaway. For the Champion Stakes Commotiom , Frying-pan, The Plunger, Sir e Modred, uMalua, Duration, IHurricane, Off Color, Bristol, Mietal, Silver King, David, t remando, binc's Own, Coir, Bohemian, Drown and Rose, The Maid, Ilelene. The right to lease a number of mallee blocks was offered by auction at the Lands department to-day, but only live blocks were disposed of a: nominal rates to local resi dents, the prices ranuging frnm £1 upwards. 