NEWS AND. NOI'ES. SThree bf the trop :ies-won by' mem bers of the loei cricket club are to be seeor l Mr Henden's wiedos, in Fran klin street. They are those won "bj' Messrs R.:R. Wilson, J. M'Leai (2),. and E. Baker;and were liresented by, MIessrs: tiEiers oil?t? h: C. Jones, J. r 'lowbra', antLJ. M'LJ an.respectively. A- Alice Cottam, convicted of obtain ing goods by fiase pretences, was sen tenced to 24 hours imprls onmer.t. His Honor in passing sentence,.s id he took into cnsidý ration that the prisoner h it already been foplr months t in giol, and int hero hu.band had nmade r,stitution to the tradesmen she had victimiied. A meeting was held on Monday evening in the court-holdu, Trardlgon, when it was decided to form an athletec . sports society, the members, sulscrip. tion being 10s Gd. Messrs Milt, Gibson, H. C. Jones, F. Smiith, West, rlBridges, and Baird were appointed iia committee of managemenit. with: W. Westnas secretary " pro tem."' Mlessrs Peterkin, ilorrison, anti Jas. Camp bell, C.E.were appointed judges for the B .xing Day sports, and M'r A. Whalleyatarter. It was decided tois suea liberal programme. At tle Sale'police court on Tuesday. -Mr WalterMacCubbin, at the request of his son, J. W. MacCubbin, obtained an order for the prohibition of the sale of liquor by all publicans to the latter in the borough of Sale, and the shires of Avon, Maffra, Traralgon, Rosedale, and Alberton. At the last committee meeting of the local cricket club, it was decided that members should play in at least twa ) thirds of the season's matches before they were entitled to a trophy. Our friends of temperance held their usual pleasant fortnightly meeting in the local Mechanics' Hall on Tuesday evening. The night being fine, we vwere surprised that a greater atten dance was not present; though a lit tle more unity on the part of members would not be amiss. The programme consisted of recitations, readings, speeches, and singing. Morwell has a ghost! Unlike all other genus of this description, the Borwell ghost is of a copper colored hue, and is dressed in sombre black. It first made its appearance to a lady who was in the act of taking clothes off the line. Turning suddenly round she beheld the object close to her side, and at once fled for protection., Tell ing her husbapd what she had seen, be at once made a reconnoitre,and after a long search discovered an object moving along a fence, bat it was gone when he came up to the fence.. Short ly after this the ghost knocked at the d ;or, and on its being opened ,by the occupant, the ghost fled precipitately. On several occasions since it has been seen vwandering too and fro, but all at'empts to capture it have been proved futile. Watching partie.have beeh organised, and eyery corner is carefully guarded, but as yet there is no result. Back and front doors are mysteriously opened, and shut, win dows are rattled, and beds are shaken, but the cause i.1 onknown Even our local guardian of the peace has been unable to find any clue to the astoen ishing freaks of this visible yet invial. ble black-no brown. It has been suggested that some person has been playing a practical joke, but this we can hardly credit. Perhaps the pro. sent week will disclose further myste. ries-that if it does not go to the Cup -and the timid will be afraid to leave their doors.,-"- M. end:M. Gazette." Two men named Gilleapie and Gill were arrested'at Mirboo, on Sunday, by constable Trainor, for 'fighting in the stieet. They were broughit in to Morvwell on Moiinday, and were taken on. to Moe. Brought' before S. W. Brpoke, Esq., J.P., a?d were 'fined £1. ' De it not seem ridiculous that iwo.mien should be bought a dsance of 30 miles; passing through six town s',ips before the sarvces of a mag?itrate coult be obtained ?-"- Gaete "' Bacb has accepted Matterson's chalt lenge. : The following letter has, been frwarded to' the. "Evening News" by Beach for publicaton:-" Sir,-In refkrence to the .paragraph, which. ap. peared in your.issue a few days back that Matt-raon would row me for £200 a-side and the championship of the world, the. winner to take,75 per. cent; of the' steamer money. I will accept his terms, and meet him this' vening in Deeble's Hotel, King and Pitt streets, at 8 o'cloe." (Signed), W. BaecH. 1.. A cricket match will be played to t niarrov' on the Recreation Reserve, between teams chosen' from the local . cricket club au tlie employees at the le new Colonial Bank building. The, re team to represent Traralgon will be ie chosen from-Messrs M'Lean (2), Baker cc (2), Curran, J. Jones, H. C. Jones, Gunn, Kenyon, Wat:on,.Montgomery, Webber, Laurenson, and Kitchen,, 'l? c- are iequested to meet on the ground in at 1.30 p.m. sharp. et The mIonthly cattle sale at Trafal re gar of R. ,Mackay andCo,which should sy have been held last Saturday, was Id postponed owing to the wet weather and will he held to- morrow. The usual cattle sale on Monday will not be held It it being the anniversary of H.R,H. the ed Prince of Wales' Birthday. ia It is highly probable that a team ot from the.Albion, cricket club, Haw er thorn, will visit Traralgon on Xmas SDay, to play a match against a local rk team. Mr Williams, the freman of 'the at G vrrirment diamond drill at Cooper's lg Cr, ek, resorts to the mining registrar at \alhalla upn to Tuesday night: " Drilling operations have been carried on during the past week with the fol lowi:, results: 35ft 5in of hard ba a- I lt, 10ft of Loneycomb and mottled be rocl, total.depli of.bora,:J180lti 5n. n- there ia nothing special to report res j pe.sgeing.week oring.- . ) The early closinlgo provisions of the y Shoips ansi Factories Bill received the enthusi .stic approval of a publie meet ' ing he'd for t:e consideration of tihe imatter in the Richmond town hall on W_ ednesday evening. About a50 per son=, a large number of whom were id shopkeepers and shop assistants, atten lie dLIl.,thie nlertina, . Raoloions;.wer is passed he'irtilr s~opdrii "g tIt r,??riii id of tile Goverm.nt .introducing the Sbill.i The sale of township allotments for O. larriage Esq. will be held an y 'lThursday the 12th instant,: by the lo cal audctio:oeers. Plans are ready and have been circulated t rough the p' township: " On Bunday at the Anglica . Church services the colections will be hand ii over to thle i pitrl SundarF IJomiit t tee for the benefit of iie charitie. P A ver? old Sale 'resideint named or Boyle Talbot, a fitrner at Longfoid, k. died in the :ale haspital on Tuesday s- nigh' fromi seriois internal injuries sustained on the previous day by his horse rolling over him. t "A Resident," waose copy did no 'I reach us un il late last night, complains le in s'rong language of the filthy state ar of back yards, lanes, and also of the es pig-tyes, which create mret abomiabole e, odours, and asks the council to take action to prevent an enidemic. Readers are reminded elsewhere ,hat e on Thtirsday, the 19th, the Catholic Church Bazaar, will be opened (Show night). A large number of o our readers will regret to learn of the decease of Mrs Mr ichael M'Namara, a resident of the neighbourhood of Trnralgon, whose Y death occurred yesterday. At the Toongabbie police court yes y terday, before A. W. Howitt, Esq., P M. and R. Young, Esq., J.P,, George Anderson, William Murray, Joseph Jagoe, and E. Cummings, were charg. ed by the Cowwar police wits' being driunk and disorderly at Cowwar on I 2nd inst. All pleaded guilty. Au. e derson, who was very demonstrative in d cour, was fined 10s, the others 2s 6d each. Mr Howitt; as licensing magis y trate granted special temporary license s to Mr 1R. Coote, Toongabbies, and G. d Wood, Cowwarr for three months each also special temporary license to C. Taylr for the Agr:cultural Show at Traralgon. The annual congregational meeting t of the local Presbyterian Church is to e be held in the church on Monday af ternoon at 5 o'clock p.m. An important conference on the de fences of the colony was held on W, d nesday afternoonat Go.ernmeat Iouse. Advantage was taken by the Govern ment of Admiral Tryon's presence in Melbourne to col:fer witil him as to the general efficiency of our harbor defen ces, The members of the conference were their Encellencies the Governors now present in the colony, Admiral Tryon, the Premier, the :Attorney-Ge. neral, the Minister ofDefence, Colonel Disney, Coloael Walker, Capt,in Thomas, and Major Rhodes. The i plane of the fortifications, with the I state of the armamentsl were submit. I ted by the Minister of Defence and closely inspected by Admiral Tryon t and those present. After a lengothy consultation it was decided that in or- I der to make the defences still more ef fective it would be advisable to erect a additional batteries. The Freethought Conference re sumed its sittings at the Hortieultutal Hall:.on Wednrsday moraine. Mr Frederick Jones, of Sydney, the hono. rary secretary to the conferonce, stated he had received full authorityfrom Mr Charles Bradlaisigh respecting hiis in tended visit to: Australia. Mr Jones said he was very atixiousthat Mr Brad. laugh should he met, not astheirgrea~t afiglorious leader, not un account of his precious ad devoted .advocJy .of their cause, but on the, broad ground i of his "inmmense political'reputetin, 't," and.the de~;&i;'ti" of a life to the amelio ration of the conditind of the poor and sufter.ng people of the human race. Mr Jones thought that'Mr Braidlaugh d oughtlto be received by the pd lefC i deoocratic countryin.a :,manner'- wor thj of the ' great chief of democracy.' hi Thb ~ocieties reprfesented at the'cnfe- th laugh, and it was resolved 'that the'en"- . tlire expenses of his visit should be paid, be and thathe shtold receive seven.eighths is of the net profits of the tri?. I The residents of Flynn's creek dis- trict are anxiously looking forward to the council meeting next Wednesday, hoping and anticipating that steps will be taken to secure a road that will save them travelling over the steep and dangerous pinches about two miles from the township. Tlfe Th ii.ii tcanis club !ias'aoin1star' ?o ted opieratiins,,haviig secured a-?ultia Id ble ground near the entrance to the Traralgon Park estate, and practice al- has been resunied with energy on the Id part of a few of the members. as A number of enquiries have been er nade to us respecting the manner in d which the splendid land of F. Row and Co. is to be cut, and fir the information of our readers we give the following. There are a few five acre lots near Mlr M'Neil's paddock, lately sold; the w- paddocc going from the Creek to the as reservoir has been cut into blocks of ;al from about 9 acres to nearly 90 acres; the land on the boundary of the town, he Flynn's Creek road, will be cut into C's lots of 10, 20s, and 193a 3r 24p;':the or others:on the Traralgon Creek are Sita, \- 218a 3r 13p, 100a, 103a etc ,100a, and ed 83a 3r 3Sp, la 3r 8p, and 10Sa Or al- 21ip; on the Rosedale road there are na. two blocks of 310a Sr 13p and 313a 3r ed 190; also in Maryvale on the Latrobe n. two paddocks 5.a anid 58a, and on s" the Mirboo line, 142a 3r 25p : In all 31 lots. Those with stock,,etc., are to lie be sol 'durina the first wee!l in De lie comber (the 1st, 2td, and 3rd), and the result will b. another aid to the prosperity of the town. n The Sale assizes were concluded oni oeInday. E.'B.'Bryan, charged with re forging a cheque on T. Feely, contrac n- tor, iftsedale, for £3 4s. 6d was acquit. ted. The following sentences were then passed:--Wm. Stanley, larceny and receiving, cix months' hard labor: W\m. Martin, forgery and uttering, 18 or months; Richard Ross, larceny and in receiving, two months; Alice Cottam, Sobtamning goods under faose pretences, id 24 liours in Sale gaol ; Michbal Rear ic don, lorse stealing, 15 months; Joseph Periri, "aisoh, 24 hIotirs'ii 'Jleliurilne hi gaol, concurrent with a sentence he is < was unidergoing for burglary ; Edward t: Parry, housee-breaking and larceny, two months, the first week in each month in solitary confinement; John hhields Sand Thomas :M'Dowall, larceny and receivingin n company, the former two months, the first week is each week in solitary confinement, the latter one week of solitary confinement in Sale gaol ; Thomas Yeates, fraudulent in solvency, four months cumulative on s a charge of escaping from gaol ; Charles e Reynolds, perjury, three months, the fe irst week in the first aid third month e in solitary confinement ; Henry Gal e vin, horse-stealing, 12 months. The leniercy of sentences created some sur t prise. Tile." Herald" reports.-An exami nation was held in the estate of David Solomon, of no place of business, but I usually hawking in Gippeland. Mr 0 Braham for the trustee. The insolvent e started business with £10 and wound e up when he filed after a'2 yeare' trad ing with a deficiency of £179. This i" chiefly arose through giving credit and bad debts incurred thereby. Tenders for a large number of con tracts have been called for the shire council meeting next Wednesday, amongst these are the drainage works, a large number of road works and for n persons to act' as nightmen in the Itownships of Morwell and Traralgon. The above will provide work for a large number of laborers'who even now are very scarce. We hear of several who are anxious to employ men, and are unable to obtain them. t The following (says the "St.James's Gazette" of September 11) is an ex tract from a private letter just received from Paris :-"You ought to warn all your friends not to come to Paris at preseat I witnessed yesterday a scene whi.l would have disgraced an Irish town during election time. An Fong. lish lady, with her two daughtirs, was walkisg on the upper part of the Champs Elysees, near .the Are de Tri omphe, Suddenly three or four Paris. t isa rougbs;began to call out, 'A bas leas assassins Anglais l' 'A. bas!' 'Am inessade des assassins !' 'Vive Roche fort !' 'La mort'aui assassins d'Olivier Pain!" The' three ladies were regular ly mobbed and booted at. There were several respectable-lookng Frenchmen some of them who might be called gen- i tiemen'in appearance, "ut' note of them lent a hand to rescuhe the poor women, who were evidenrtly frightened to death. Two armed police officers also looked on, but did nothing toswards helping the victinis of this outrage. E Thembb gotlargerand larger. Idid tl mny utmost, as did also some English men who happened to be thee; but what were three agaipat so many? It was with the greatest difficulty, and ? only by promising a very large preseni t that we got a 'cibmah to admit us into a his vehicle and drove away. Three or four cabmen pstoively refused to take i us. Paris sno place for any English s peason, and least of all' for Engli-h lidies to cme to at present. Loche.e fort is evidently trying hard to get up et a fresh revolution, and hopes to be n Presidit of the commune yet. The bh existing iuthorities, anid pirticularly the police, are afraid of the inob. iWhnt will be theend of it all goodness only knows." . ",A, fatal accident occurred at ThorC dale on" Wednesdiy to a ?youog man th iahmed Alfred Wiilis~'on of Mr Johi It Willis, an old and respected residentof di Isoant Egerton. Willie had gone into iii the paddock to catch a yosug horse, th and some time after hbewas found lying th iii'nsibla but breathing. The neigl,. m bore brought him into Trafalgar, but it is supposed that he died within twoe be miles of the plsce.-"Argnus." ad 