NEWS OF THE DAY. We have been requested to state that the Bishop's. Girls' College will open for the September term on the 21st inBtant. The Government have, on the usual re commendation, reserved a block -of land 640 acres in extent, near Muir's. Bridge; on the Frankland River, for water and as a stopping place. We hear that Mr. E. Keane, together ?with Mrs. Keane and family, purpose pay ing a visit to the neighbouring colonies by the s.s. Franklin, which leaves in a few days. . .-?'?' if' Wo learn that a number of gentlemen in 4he City contemplate forming a West Aus tralian Rifle Association, upon the same lines as similar institutions have been formed in the neighbouring eolonies. At the Telegraph Office this morning a notice was posted to the'effect that a par tial interruption had. taken place on the Albany telegraph line. Also, that the break in the Northern telepraph line had been restored. The anniversary meeting of this Colony's Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society took place in the Town Hall last evening. The meeting, which was presid-. ed over by H. E. the Governor, was attend ed by only about fifty 'persons. The pro ceedings terminated shortly before ten o'clock. ? Sales of Crown land will be held at Eoe bourne and at Perth October 7. At Roe bourne two suburban lots (4 and 5, each three acres) will be submitted, at the upset price of £5. At Perth, Derby town lot No. 63, of two roods, will be put up, at the up set price of .£20. Our readers are reminded that the Grand National Concert, under the patronage., of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Broome, will take place this evening in the Town Hall. The programme of this great musical treat is. detailed in our business columns. We learn from our intercolonial exchan ges that Lord Carington, the new Gover nor of New South Wales, embarks at Lon don on October 22, The Prince of Wales has given him. a promise that he will, if possible, pay a visit to Sydney, but he ob jects to putting the Colonies to the expense of his visit. We have been desired by Messrs. Wal deck, Smith & Co. to state that, in conse quence of the ceremony of laying the foun dation stone of the Fremantle Town Hall having been fixed for Thursday next, the sale of a 'storekeeper's stock-in-trade,' advertised to be sold by-auction on that day, will -»e postponed to Friday next, the 11th instant, at 11 a.m., on their premises in High-street, Fremantlo. This morning a new 'town-crier' made his appearance in the City thoroughfares, and in stentorian tones announced the sale of some land, In voice and gesture the new crier savors somewhat of the ' Tommy Hopkins' school, but his enunci ation—probably through a defective dental formation — is certainly not so perfect. The new crier cried to the effect that this par ticular ' land would be sold on the land.' A letter has been forwarded to the Mayor by the Hon. Secretary of the Jubilee.Com mittee of the Independent Order of Recha bites, requesting Hi3 Worship te thank the City Supervisor (Mr. T. Halliday), upon behalf of the Committee, for the trouble he took to make the late anniversary Concert the success it proved to be, owing in great part to the excellent arrangements that civic officer had made in the Town Hall for the occasion. Ladies who wear dress improvers should be careful how they stand with their backs to the fire. A poor girl was recently burnt to death in London through her dress catching fire in consequence of the projec tion of the ' improver.' If Fashion must try and improve upon Nature, let her beau tify and not contort the. female form; but when, in her straining after effect, it only makes her look like a camel, and often en dangers her life, it is surely time some pro test was made. The rainfall registered at the following stations for the week ending August 21 was as follows :— Carnarvon, 0'33 ; Gerald ton, rOl; York, 3*20; Perth, 2-18; Rott nest, l#(-0 ; Fremantle, 1-7? ; Bunbury, 2-33; Albany, T53. We believa this to be a very fair average, at any rate such a fine downpour could not have come at a more opportune time for the crops. The heaviest fail was, it will be noticed, recorded at York, lie 3 andoUO firth in. would give about 350 tons to the acre; so that the corn in the Avon Valley should now be looking pretty well at its best. In the Anglican Cathedral enclosure is now to be seen the ' corner stone ' .which is intended for the ceremonies in connec tion with the Jb'reniantle Town Hall, on Thursday afternoon next. The stone has been worked up from a splendid piece of Mr. Keane's Green Mount quarry granite, and is aboxit three feet by two feet eight een inches in thickness. The face of the stone has been sunk in to permit of a plate bearing an inscription being let into it. Some idea of the hardness of this granite may be imagined whxen it is stated that the corner-stone in question took over a week to be worked up. ^ A new swindling dodge has just come to light in London. A solid looking man rented a handsome place in a fashionable neighbourhood. Then he called on the vicar of the parish,. All Saints, Nbttirig Hill, and offered to place a costly stained glass w indow in the church. His offer was greatfully accepted, and the rector intro duced him to the best people. This made it easy for him to run up heavy bills with every tradesman in the parish. Finally he disappeared, leaving his unpaid bills be hind him. The firm to whom he gave the order for the window generously presented it to the church. On Saturday evening hist, as might have been noticed, the gas in use in the City gave but a very inferior light. Many of the stores had to light up with kerosene or candle3, while at St. George's Hall, which was filled with a large and fashionable audience to witness the perfomance of ' Our Boys,' it really appeared as though the gas was turned off for the production of ' Pepper's ghost,' or the ghost scene in the ' Corscian Brothers.' Upon making enquiries as to the mishap, we have boen informed that a most reprehensible and dastardly act had been perpetrated at the gas-works, some miscreant having got at the main and turned off to waste a large quantity of gas. It is to be hoped the scoundrel will be discovered and will meet with his deserts. The annual .shot and shell practice of Capt. Haynes' battery of Artillery took place on Saturday last. There was a very good attendance of members, who proceed ed from the Arsenal to near the Invalid Depfifc. The firing took place across the Melville Water, in which the targets were moored. Each gunner sighted the Arm strong guns for one shot, but in many in stances the firing was very wide of the mark. This is hardly to be wondered at, as the firing of ' one round a year ' is likely to make only tolerably fair marks men of them when the gunners arrive at about the age of Methusaleh ! However, three times the targets were signalled as being hit, the best shot being from the sighting of the gun by Qr.-M.-Sergt. W. Love. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Brooine, and' Capt. Alison, A.D.C., were on the ground during a portion of the fir ing. . 