OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. I WAS greatly pleased with THE REVIEW AND SHAM-FIGHT On Monday. Everything conspired to make them a success. The keen air, the green earth, the blue sky, the golden light, the sheen of sword and scabbard and spike and bayonet, the gay red and sober gray of the uniforms, the manifold colours of the horses constituting the cavalry, and the crowds of spectators on every coign of vantage, all contributed to make it a memorable occasion. At the supreme moment of the fight, when the invaders came into closest quarters with the defence force a kangaroo dog became the centre of attraction and object of laughter by dashing in a frantic state across the field in between the fires. Had it been a real engagement that dog wouldhave been in aworsecase than the one described by Mark Twain, whose ribs suggested the idea that he had swallowed a spiral wire, he would have been literally riddled with shot. Such manoeuvres cannot fail to giveto those engagedinthem a very fair idea what they will have to do in-real earnest should the Russians come. Two interesting facts connected with the Industrial School for the Blind. The first is that a profit of X51 had been made upon two months' work ; and the second, that a working capital of £1,000 is to be raised to pur- chase materials at reduced rates and so enlarge the margin of profits. It was Dr. Johnson who was baptised the day he was born, and the precipitancy which marked the action of the parents in his case seems to have seized Mr. Symon in relation to the new Ministry. Scarcely had they come into existence ere he manifested a more than paternal concern to give them a name. He described them as a " Heterogeneous collection of curiosities; " as a "rag, tag and bob-tail ministry ''— an expression which in deference to the Speaker, Mr. Symon afterwards withdrew. One member was described as a very superior person indeed, but the compliment failed of appreciation. On the whole, however, the retiring ministers treated them with fairness and courtesy, readily assenting to Mr. Downer's request for a fortnight to formulate a policy. What that policy will be and how it will be received are matters which are being waited for with more than usual interest. Hard times have not shaken the faith of the Congregationalists in the religious future of this colony, and they are to be congratulated upon their agressive spirit. The foundation-stone of an Independent Church was laid on Tuesday, June 1G, by Mrs. G. P. Doolette, who was presented with a silver trowel on the occasion. Cost of land, £110; of church, JE.100 ; which, together with fittings, etc., will make the total expenditure £450. Of this amount, however, Mr. Fulton has promised to lend £300, leaving only £150 to be dealt with by the committee for the present. The church will be 38 ft. C, in. by 28 ft. 6 in. in the clear, and 21 ft. in height. Tea and public meetings were held afterwards, and addresses given by various ministers and laymen. THE HON. G. >V. COTTON has got hold of an idea which he has pleaded for with a persistence worthy of the noblest cause. It is that small holdings, not exceeding twenty acres, shall be let by the Government to working men around the chief centres of population. Mr. Cotton does not claim any originality in this matter; but the idea is better than original; it is practicable, as has been shown in Victoria, when nearly 15,000 blocks have been let in leases, varying from fifteen to twenty-one years. To some extent, this system is carried out privately in every village I know. Labourers settle down on a few acres of land, which they cultivate when not otherwise employed. Leisure moments are thus turned to account; the great difficulty, however, being the rental they have to pay. In Mr. Cotton's scheme this rental would be nominal and therefore easy for the labourer to meet. The case may perhaps thus be stated. 1. All our products come from the land. 2. No difficulty can possibly be created by every man raising from the land a supply for his own wants. 3. Such an arrangement would not only give us a class of contented labourers, but invest them with that degree of independence which would give them to feel that they had been rescued from serfdom. George Sand, whose hopes for the future rested largely on the French peasant, said, "The happiest of men would be he who, possessing the science of his labour and working with his hands, earning his comfort and his freedom by the exercise of his intelligent force, found time to live by the heart and by the brain, to understand his own work and to love the work of God. . . . The happy day will be when mind, heart, and hands shall be alive together, shall work in concert; when there shall be a harmony hetween God's munificence and man's delight in it. Then, instead of the piteous and frightful figure of Death skipping along whip in band by the peasant's side in the field, the allegorical painter will place there a radiant angel, sowing with full hands the blessed grain in the smoking furrow." Are the wheels of our trains to be stained with THE BLOOD OF HUMAN VICTIMS? Is the modern locomotive to do for us what the accursed Juggernaut did for the Hindoos? Ernest Albert Gibson, aged six years, was crushed to death by the Glenelg train on Sunday afternoon, on his way home from Sunday- school. Is there no redress in such a case as this? It is easy enough to state and deplore the fact ; but who can measure the anguish and distress caused by such a disaster? Nobody seems to know how it all happened. I can only express sympathy for the distressed mother, and the hope that Buch a case will not occur again. It seems that the North Adelaide tragedy is no exception to the rule, that when everything is known, everything is plain. The statements made at the inquest concerning Alfred Lines' filial virtues, turn out to be apocryphal. Not only has he been fined repeatedly for fighting and drunkenness, but the wife's stepfather states distinctly that he had left his father for dead in the bush, after striking him with an American axe. A worthy son, truly ! There is just this of relief in this after-thought, that the infamy which rests upon the name of Lines, is not reached at a single bound. Arrangements have been made by which anyone TRA.VELI.ING BY RAILWAY can assure his life, and so shield family or friends from the dire resHlts of railway accidents. The Government has accepted the tender of the United Australian Mutual Insurance Company, which is to pay JE5.000 as a guarantee that its engagements will be fulfilled. The arrangement comes into force on 1st September next. Tickets will be issued at following rates:—1. To insure for £1,00(3 at death, which must occur within three months from the date of the accident and injury; or for £3 per week for a term not exceeding twenty consecutive weeks in the event of disablement. 3d. 2. To insure for £500 at death, or £2 per week for a term not exceeding twenty-six consecutive weeks (conditions as above), Id. The tickets in each case to remain in force until the completion of the passenger's journey. Honesty is often handicapped by dishonesty; and accordingly the Benson ticket holders have just been subjected to somewhat irritating conditions." because several persons have been using their tickets beyond the appointed time. Three days' notice must be given ; forms of application must be filled up ; and if the threatened arrangements are carried out haif-a-crown deposit will have to be paid on every ticket required. Surely it would have been jnore in harmony with general principles in such cases to have fined the transgressors and lett the well-dners alone. I attended the afternooon and evening sessions of the All-Day Conference on the Holy Spirit held in the Hall of the Y.M.O.A. on Mondey. It is a pirv that so large and beautiful hall should be, ns on; we',I expressed it, dead against the speaker and spiritual influence. Nevertheless, several of the addresses delivered were considerably above the average in excellence, and cannot fail to to give stimulus and encouragement to the Christian workers who heard them. The Ministerial Association is to be congratulated upon this new point of departure, the arrangement having been greatly appreciated by many Christian friends. No one who attended the Conference will be able to give the old answer to the old question—" Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed?''—"We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost." ALEC FORBES. 