The Eyneton Hospital Committee will meet to-morrow afternoon, when Miss Meade, af Beechworth, and Miss Staines, of Adelaide, candidates for the position of matron, will be interviewed. Dr Duncan contemplates a visit to the old country and will apply for twelve . months' leave of absence. Yesterday's sessions of the Kyueton County Oourt was long and dreary. The list contained only fifteen cases, of which seven were undefended and were disposed of in few minutes. Four cases were struck out as soon as called. Boger against the Malmsbary Borough Council, was a claim for L99 for damages sustained by his stock-in- trade through an overflow of water from a drain caused by a grating in which the openings were too "mall. The Council contended that the drain was a private one and that the plaintiff contributed to the damage by the construction of a email drain through his yard up which the water was forced when the main drain was surcharged This was the second occasion on which the case had engaged the attention of the Court On the former occasion His HoDor nonsuited the plaintiff. Yesterday the case was tried byaspecial jary of four. His Honor Eummed adversely to the plaintiff, but the jury awarded him damages at his own valuation. A dispute between two parties who endeavored to ńos.t the ,Tommy Dodd G.5L Company, at Malmsbury, served to reveal to the public theamountof plunder reaped by mining projectors, or " first robbers," as they are aptly characterised, and it waa established that parties allowing their names to appear on prospectuses as directors, thereby admit their partnership interest. The bar was represented by Dr M'lnerney, Mr Johnston, Mr M'Dermott and Mr Finlayson {Ballarat). The local solicitors only were present. By request of the agents, Messrs Staples, Wise and Co., of 1G Collins Street west, we draw attention to the sale of the Stanhope Estate, Malvern, particulars of which are advertised elsewhere. The terms are exceptionally liberal. A beautifully illustrated prospectus accompanied by a plan has been published, copies of which may be obtained at this office. The United Minstrels are announced to appear at the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday night. They are a combination of ladies and gentlemen, and accepting the _lf. A. Maił. of Castlemaine as an authority, where they recently appeared, a good entertainment may be expected. The prices of admission are moderate enough, varying as they do from two shillings to sixpence. Strange conduct on the part of a policeman is reported to the Telegraph. It seems that two men, named Jeffreys and Smith, were engaged in birdcatching at -Gunbower. On Thursday last, they report a constable named Shanks, who is in charge of the police-station at Gnnbower, visited their camp, and after some conversation invited them to a hotel to play a game of cards. Koth men refused to play with the constable, whom they had not seen before, and after some words, he departed. Late at night, while in their tent, they were aroused by a crackling sound, and, on awakening, found their tent on fire One of the men ran to the back, and states he saw the constable with blighted match in his hand, who then madeof^ followed by one of the men, the other remaining to extinguish the fire. After a chase through a cultivated paddock, Shanks turned round, and drawing a revolver pointed it at his pursuer. Mr Leitch, J.P., instructed the men to go to Kchuca and lay an information with the sergeant of police which has been done. Mr S. De Saxe surgeon-dentist, will pay his usual visit to Kyneton on Thursday next. A sca~e hss been caused in the Chilton district by a report that a tiger escaped at Mansfield from a menagerie Bome time ago, and has been in that and the Wangaratfca district ever since. Mysterious disappearances of sheep and other animals are put down to the tiger. One night it was seen by the railway gatekeeper between Chiltem and Barnawartha. The members of the riflecorps and the police have gone oat to hunt for the animal. Intending visitors to the Cairn Curxan sale of blood stock are notified that a special train has been arranged by Messrs W. C. Yuille and Co. to leave Spencer Street at 8. IS this morning fpr Maldon, which will be reached shortly after 11 o'clock. - At Maldon conveyances will be in waiting for Cairn Cnrran. The return train leaves Maldon at 6.30 p.m., reaching town soon after 9 o'clock. The train will pick np and Bet down passengers at Kyneton and Castlemaine. The railway fare for the double ionmey from Melbourne is £12s 3d. The first day's racing of the South Australian Jockey Glob was held at Flemington on Saturday. The opening event, the First Hurdle. Bacc, was won by Sir Patrick, with Old Soul second and Echo third. Silver King was- greatly fancied for the St Leger, bnt The Broker avenged his Sydney defeat. Sandal was the only other' starter. The Goodwood Handicap fell to Lantern, who led nearly all the way, Lord Wilton second and The Ghost third. Juanna, Bemus and The Teacher were the only three starters for the Sires' Produce Stakes, and finishedjn that order; a pleasant day's racing being brought to s conclusion by Pyrette winning the Victoria Handicap, attended by Meander and H«nora. The meeting will be continued'on Thursday, when the face for the Adelaide Cup wiU be the chief attraction. • The Government Gazette of Friday last* notifies the appointment of Messrs William Rogers, George Johnson, Thomas Castles, Charles Penny Woodfin, and Jas. Retmick, in be trustees of the land set apart xm 5th February, 1885, as a site for "Wesleyan Church purposes at Ky? aton, thefestfour named gtgjjietnen in the room ef T. Abbey resigned, and W. Ward, 'W. Southern and J."Bogea deceased. The last-named The bfiisttjof the Lands department łrho ( has been enizOEted with the adminstradon of the Bałi^zt Destruction Act has furnished the Winister of Land, the Argus states; with a fall and complete report as to the results of the operations for the eradication of rabbits which hare been conducted in the various infested shires since the local bodies were called upon to take united action. He reports that the general results have been highly satisfactory, bnt that, in order to. effect a perfect clearance of the rabbits; the provisions of S the .act will reqnire tobe more vigorously and strictly enforced in most of the*ffiire6.* He points to the necessity of continuing operations with tarbon dnring the winter months, sod expresses the hope that, with continued combined and well-directed efforts, the pest will be reduced so as not to interfere with agricultural or pastoral operations. Durinjg the month of March 307 men, including Crown lands bailifis, were etaployed in rabbit destruction, bat for want of a full supply of carbon, the number of hands had recently been reduced. Ont of the votes for rabbit destruction, amounting to L1C,5(K), no less than Ł13,3ll Os 3d was expended at the commencement of last month, and a farther grant would be required to pursue operations properly during the next two or three months. 