THE NOVELIST. The right of translation is reserved. [ HEARTS DELIGHT. -A STORY. By Charles Gibbons. Author of " Robin Gray" " For Lack of " Gold," (t In Honour Bound." " The O'Briens of Yarrow," "The Golden Shaft," " By Mead and Stream." Ac, c. CHAS PIER XXXIV. SIGNS OF MISCHIEF. "That's a great satisfaction-a very great satisfaction," said Craigie, a after he had read the intimation that his partner Would soon arrive, " and if it was not that he take s you away from us, Milly, my lass, I should say that it was the best thing that could happen for all parties concerned. In fact, though it does take you away, I'm of a mind to say that, under the circumstances, it is the best thing that could happen for us." " Maybe ay and maybe no," commented Mistress Babbie, grimly ; " but what would you say that if he should be fetching the creature Wardlaw with him again ?" For an instant Milly was startled by this suggestion, but it was only for an instant. The confiding nature of the girl accepted with entire faith the pledge of Wardlaw, that he would not again intrude his attentions upon her and she believed that if he did come it would be in the character of a friend who had conquered or put aside all thought of a closer relation- ship. " I do not think it will matter much if Mr. Wardlaw should come for the shooting again," she said contentedly ; but there was a slight flush on her cheeks, for she knew that the reason for her indifference on the subject could not be explained to any one without some breach of respect to the man whose hand she had refused, and who had accepted his rejection in the most honourable spirit. Babbie's sharp eyes scanned the fresh young face with surprise and curiosity. The flush on it stirred a most disagreeable suspicion. Could it be possible that Milly, like her father, had been caught by this man's wiles ? It's no possible that you would like to see him back again ?" she almost gasped. " I should be glad if he would stay away," answered the girl with a little laugh, " but his coming or not coming can make no difference to me." " I hope it may be so, bairn," observed Babbie, relieved, but not quite satisfied. Then they were both startled by an interjection of Craigie's in a louder voice than usual. " On my word, I should be real glad if he did time for then I would have him under my own observation, and feel sure that he was not working any mischief to-" He stopped, and completed the sentence in a mumble that was only intelligible to himself. Milly was amused as well as surprised by Craigie's sudden desire for the presence of a man for whom he had always displayed the most marked signs of dislike. " Why, the last time he was mentioned, she said, laughing, you declared that his room was better than his company, and that you hoped he would never show himself in this quarter again !" " So I did, so I did ; but at that time I had no suspicion of what has been borne in upon me to-day. You must understand my lass, that there are whiles when we wish a nasty thing was just out of mind, to it there are other whiles when we want to set the 3 nasty thing in order to watch its movements, and so be ready to pay vent it from hurting anybody." " But who can Air Wardlaw want to hurt?" inquired Milly, a little be- wildered by this oracular speech. " Did I say he wanted to hurt anybody answering with a question, whilst his eyes blink and with presented astonish neat. " Oh, you are making fun of me," she exclaimed cheerfully, as she rose. " Just that, just that it was my" joke," rejoined Craigie, g id to escape further questioning in this easy way. " And what might you be off t> now ?" queries 1 B Tibble, pi was id that the girl's mind should re min undisturbed by the suspicions which h lune ed her brother and herself. "Only to see how old Libbis and I were Nicol are getting on. I suppose I shall have to say goodbye to them." " There is no such great hurry. You can bid i till your father say what day we are to expect him. Away with' you and grit the fresh air, but mind and 3 in to your dinner." " Milly with a net and a happy smile quitted the room. Brother and sister looked at each other as if relieved, an 1 he produced a second letter from Sir George, which, although delivered by the same cost. as the first, had been written so he hours later. " Well, what is he says about Kenneth?" asked Mistress Bibbie eagerly. Craigie deliberately read the contents again before replying. Then " The matter to >ks worse than I thought. I'd feared that will, Grui one's gifts of the s c in 1 sight is about to prove a verity this time. She said that there was murder me but "(he spoke u cf r his breath as if the main word frightened him), "and what Geer rise says here forces upon me the fear that she may not be mistaken." " iVh in it he says of rep ated Mis ress Bib de, imp die itly. " ile s this, elie m iii is in again i and still there, is nothing from Gordon, and it is now nearly two months since I had a letter from him. This is not only unbusinesslike neglect of duty, but insolent ingratitude, considering the extent to which I have trusted him. To render his neglect the more unpardonable, drafts for very heavy amounts, signed by him, have been drawn on the house and presented, whilst he his not sent us any intimation regarding them This passes all be trials of endurance.' "was of die Union have been in a fire stick when he wrote that way." kisses might have thought that du stuff was iii and no able to write,?' was The Proprietors of Tuts Wear Australians have purchased the sole right of publishing I "' Heart's Delight in Australia, to the indignant ejaculation of the sister. " Ay, and without a doubt he would have thought of that," continued Craigie, gravely, " for he had ay a kindly notion of the lad, but how was he to think it when, if Kenneth was ill, there was nothing to prevent him telling Leslie to report the facts. Geordie has got a letter from Leslie reporting satisfactory progress in all departments, but he does not refer to Kenneth or the drafts." Bobbie sat bolt upright in the chair, her eyes opened wide with alarm. Mercy on's, Peter, there has been some useful work Sowerby yonder !" " Ay, ay, Babbie, that's just what I am thinking ; but we will have to keep a calm saugh yet a while. Of one thing I am certain, and it is a great relief to my mind Kenneth is not dead." "How can you be sure of that how can you be sure of anything when the poor lad is in the midst of dangers that he can neither see nor understand ?" " You often call me a dotted body, Babbie," said Craigie, with solemnity which subdued her irritability, "but I'm thinking it's verse" that's dotted show. "Will you have patience till I explain ?" "I'm dumb-you ken well enough I can be dumb when I like." " Ay, and whiles I wish you would like to be so oftener," he said, with a faint smile and shaking his head, unable even in this hour to keep back the sarcasm. " No offence intended, Babbie, so just bide quiet and hear- ken." "Am I no quiet ?" she asked, with hands folded on her lap, and closing her thin lips tightly. " Very well, Babbie, very well ; then this is what I make out of it. Some- thing has happened to Kenneth that he does not want us to know about for the present. Whatever it be, he is unable to write with his own hand. So he gets up this story about being suddenly obliged to start on an expedition into the wilderness, in order that we may understand why he can- not send letters as usual, the fact being that he is lying at George Town dangerously hurt some way. Maybe he has tumbled down one of his coal or silver mines, or got worried by a wild beast, and broken his arm. Likely enough that's the whole story. But" Craigie paused, and examined the letter again. Mistress Babbie, notwithstanding the dumb attention she had promised, spoke " Ay, Peter, it's the but I want to hear about, what is ?" " There's little to say on that head, although much to conjecture as the bills drawn on the house that are the key to the treachery which is blackening Kenneth in Geordie's eyes. My opinion is that he knows nothing about them, that he never signed them, and that they are forgeries. Somebody calculating that he was dead, and could never come back to tell tales has forged his name, and the fowls London have allowed the forgeries to pass. Now Kenneth is not dead ; he has got an inkling of the mischief that was at work, and he wants to keep quiet till he can come down on the villain or villains without giving them a chance to escape. It is for that reason that he wants no body except Milly and us to learn that there has been word from him." " Eli, Peter, and is there anybody you suspect of this fearsome wicked- ness ?" " We's just let that flee stick to the war' in the meanwhile, Babbie," answered the brother with canny reserve. " You and I have our own thoughts on the subject, and it will be as well to keep them in our o via Oieasts till the proper time comes, To my thinking there is only one person in the whole world that could wish to work such wrong to Kenneth that could wish to destroy his life, and failing that, to destroy his honest character. I imagine that your thoughts take the same direction as mine ; but we'll say nothing even between ourselves until we get more news from Mr. Leslie." .' He will have your message by this line, and its a pity you did not tell him to answer by telegraph." " I did that, and doubtless we will have some word from him in the course of the day. But patience, Babbie, patience ; you are ay preach- ing it to me whenever p tins are dirt ing through me, wringing out skin is of wrath and agony. T.tkeyoar o va counsel back now." Mistress Babble was too much relieved by the prospect of having further news concerning Kenneth the course of a few hours to heel the dart which w is in away at her so good naturedly. The message did gone in the afternoon, but it was so vague that she did not obtain much satisfaction from it. " Am writing by next mail. Fear nothing. All right." This ought to have been completely reassuring, and would have if it had come from Kenneth, but as it came from Leslie the brother and sister were still oppressed by fear and doubt. As Milly approached the heales. she saw lung Nicol Johnstone stand ing on an eminence near Craigtuss point, with hands silt ling his eyes, and gazing seaward. Naturally she looked in the direction to which his attention seemed to be attracted. She saw in the offing a trim yacht ; the sails were furled, but a white funnel rising behind the main mast proper time! the vessel's independence of wind At present, the yacht seem ed to be lying at anchor. " What boat is that Johnstone - she asked as she advanced to him. " That is precisely what I am want- ing to make out," he replied respectfully enough but without altering his position in any decree. " She's been hanging about here for the last fort night, and no a sowl among us kens wild she belongs till, or what she wants." " Very likely it is waiting for the O'NEILL-." The hamlet consisted of no more than a dozen cottages, or huts they might be called. The walls were about twelve or four: teen feet in height, built of rough stones, plastered with mud, and white washed. The ss tut- ing roots were or match, which from their exposed position required to be ? A~ s) frequently patched that time was not allowed to ornament them with many shades of colour. Each cottage comprised a " but and a bent' with mid place which was used indifferently as a cup! lard or storeroom and extra sleeping berth, according to the re- quirement of the family. Triangular " fish-hawker" were nailed to the walls beside the doors, and on them hang herrings to dry in the sun, whilst on the top of the surrounding dykes, haddocks, newly opened cleaned, were spread for the same purpose. Tawny nets dangled from high cross poles, or were stretched on the grass. The women sat at their doors shelling bait, patching clothes, knitting stout socks, and gossiping in shrill voices. Every one gave a blithe greeting to Milly as she passed, and some of the older wives saluted her with a brusque but reverend " Lord he greed till ye, bairn." When she reached Johnstone's cottage she turned at once into the apartment on the left. Wee Nicol was seated in a wheel-chair, made with his own hands, which enabled him to move about, indoors and out, with remarkable facility. He was at his bench, which was placed near the window, and little piles of the wood- work in which he delighted lay around' him in various stages of progress. His sallow face brightened at her entrance. He laid down his work, and turned his chair round quickly. " I was wearying for you to come," he said, "for I have something queer to tell you." "What is that, Nicol?" " There was a man in here buying some things, and he was spearing' about you." " About me ? "" Ay. Wanting to ken what time you came down from the house, and how long you bided when you came." " Why did he ask such questions ?" " I could not learn, but he came from the strange yacht that has been fleeing up and down the coast lately." Milly was puzzled, and Lang Nicol" words-" I wish it may be bade us any ill recurred with unpleasant suggestiveness. " Maybe, but in that case which for should it no gang into harbour? We have come upon it at night and in the early hours of the morning, but as soon as the fishing fleet got within hailing o't, fluff gazed the smoke and awa' steamed the boat far out of our road. But day she comes back and hangs about out yonder." " It looks a very nice boat, she said simply, and then with a gleam of fun in her eyes, added quickly " It is not a ghost ship at any rate, Johnstone, for a ghost would never take the trouble to get up steam." " Na, patient a ghost about her," answered the fisherman as solemnly as if the remark had been made in earnest. " She has taken in coals barth at Peterhead and Steenhyve, and what is more to the purpose she has sent one of her small boats ashore." " Then you must have spoken to some of the people. What did they want at Craigness ? " " I could say, for I was at home, you see, or I would have learnt a' about them. But one of them visited wee Nichol, and bought a wheel boxes and doggies just for curiosities, you ken, and paid well for them." Long Nicoll spoke with an affecta- tion of indifference regarding the visit- or from the mysterious craft, and the good stroke of business which his son had transacted with him but it was evident that his pride was hurt by the secondary part he was obliged to play in relation to the mystery. " Did Nicol not learn the name of the boat or of the owner? " inquired Milly, interested. " I didna spear," was the laconic response. " We have never been able to make out the name, and we are do useful if she has a name, though there are a heap of golden knots and strikes on the prow and stern, where the name should be. But I could make nothing of them, and, of course, there was no body else in the fleet that could do it." " Oh, I have no doubt it belongs to one of the Southern yacht clubs, and is waiting about for some other boat to join it in a cruise in the Northern seas. I am going down to see Nicol, and I shall ask him all about the man who was such a good customer." bite looked again towards the yacht in the evening, and could not help saying to Johnstone, who was still watch- ing it suspiciously " It's one of the finest yachts we have seen on the coast as, long as I can remember, and the owner must be come great man." It's a bonnie bit boating," said Johnstone critically, " and I wish it may as here as any ill." Amazed with Lang Nicol's wise shaking of the head as he gave this last expression to his suspicions of the strange craft, and amused with herself on account of the curiosity he had excited in her mind. Milly proceeded to the Fishers' Row. (To be Continued.) 