A HAUINTED HOUSE. A remarkable case was heard on February 21 in Dublin. Mr Waldron, a solicitor's clerk, sued his next door neighbor, who is a mate in the merchant service, named Kiernan, to recover £500 damages for in juries done to his house by, as he alleged, the defendant and his family. Kiernan denied the charge, and asserted that Wal dron's house was haunted, and that the acts complained of were done by spirits or some Iperso ns it plaintiffs house. Evidence for the plaintiff was to the effect that every night from August, 1884, to Jauuary, 1885, his hall door was continually being knocked at and his windows broken by stones which caime from the direction of the defendant's yard. Mrs Waldron swore that one night she saw one of the panes of glass in the window cut through with a diamond; a white hand was inserted through the hole so made in the glass. She caught up a bill hook and aimed a blow at the hand, cutting one of the fingers completely off. The hand was then withdrawn; but, on examining the place, she could find neither the finger nor any traces of blood. On another occasion the servant, hearing mysterious knockiugs, fell down with fright, upsetting a pail of water over herself. lMr Waldron' armed himself with a rifle and revolver, and brought a detective into the house, while several policemen watched outside. They, however, could find nothing. Kiernan's family, on being taxed with causing the noises. denied such was the case, and sug gested it was the work of ghosts, and advised the Waldrolns to send for a Roman Catholic clergyman to rid the house of its uncanny occupants. A police-constable swore that one evening he saw Waldron's servant kick the door with her heels about the time the rapping usually commenced. Chief Justice Morris said the affair suggested the per formance of the Davenport Brothers or Maskelyne and Cooke. It was quite in explicable from the absence of motive, and remained shrouded in iiiysterious uncertainty. The jury found for the defendant. 