BREVITIES. Suez mail to arrive here on Wednesday. - - The Gas Company ia pushing on with its extensive works at Mortlake. Wo are asked what is the best fertiliser to grow 4 crop of mustard. Try plaster. * People in search of a, residence in Newcastle neve? find any trouble to soot themselves. How to deaden the sound of a piano in the ness house — Explode dynamite under the player. H.M. transport Arab, with our Soudan contingent aboard, comes with all dispatch for Sydney. It ia very pleasant to have people attached to you* but the line can be drawn at sheriff's attachments. The prolonged dry weather is doing great damage' to the many gardens and orchards about Concord. . 'Yes,' said the deadbeat, 'before marrige I could live on love. I am now living on my father-in* law.' ; The fool knowB nothing of shame. A man can* hold up his head in any circumstances when there is nothing in it. ' Irregular cavalry acting as auxiliaries are great helps to armies in the field,' said Captain Beid oa Friday night. : Gerald Massey's lecture to-morrow night should ba the most interesting yet given. It will be a sketch, of his own life. .; A caustic wit, in speaking of an impecunious' friend, said : — ' He settles his debts just like clock' work — tick, tick, tick.' i The City Improvement Board, it is to be presumed, is not a public institution, as it transacts all its busi ness with closed doors. ' Nystagmus, or oscillation of the eyeballs, is an, epileptiform affection of the cerebellular ocnlomo— torial centres.' Now we know. ? The latest American absurdity is that fashionable ladies now leave the visiting cards of the pug dog*'; with their own when paying a call. ! A bullet which had been embedded twenty-twot' years dropped from the nostril of an old sailor of th» American War during a fit of sneezing. j Captain Beid's popular military lectures in thaf Technical College hall are better attended than were his series in the Cambridge Club Hotel. The City Improvement Board should improve iijt own offices. It meets in a tumble-down aniL apparently rotten building with shingle roof. The Granville Amateur Dramatic Clab will ' walk the boards' on Monday, June 1. The members will play 'Time tries all,' and 'Pipkin's Rustic Ee treat.' The City Improvement Board has been recognised by the Governor as a public body for the first time. The members will attend the levee officially on Tues* day next. The Englishman who said that Australian girls did not know what to do with their arms certainly never had much experience in Australian parlors i with the gas turned low. I An undertaker named George Ibbotson, of LeedSi ' committed suicide in his workshop by cutting hia; throat. He made a coffin for himself, which lay close' to where he was found dead. : * ' A man who works itfa Melbourne distillery claims to have seen a ghost.' A man who works in a distil-: lery is liable to pee supernatural things — unless hia mouth is closed with a padlock. : _ If one may judge from the laughter heard from outr side it would appear that the principal business, transacted at the meetings of the City Improvement Board is the hearing and telling of funny stories. A Summerhill correspondent writes : — In answer W your conundrum, ' What shall we do with the Soudan fund?' Hand it over to the Macquarie-streeii : hospital committee, and let that noble building be finished. ? A J&arnetville; minister hearing a boy say, Bother these mosquitoes,' reproved him, saying that, like all other creatures, they were doubtless made for some good end. ' They may be, ' said the boy 5 but I don't ; like the end that I feel, at any rate.' i It is worth noting, as showing the interest which ., foreigners are beginning to take in the Australia* : colonies, that the Bevttb des Dettx Mokdes de»; votes over fifty pages of its last number to an article, - cram full' of facts and figures, about them. i Alderman W. Deacon, lately Mayor of Sandgate, ; Queensland, and an old and respected resident, fell down in a fit and died before medical aid could bs . procured. The cause of death was apopleay. This' is the third aldermanic death within a short time from the same cause. The Concord municipality has had one policeman : eiven to the borough. He will have all his work to look after and keep in. order eo l&r-ge; and important ' a place as Concord. There are some hundreds of men employed at the gas works, and there are crowds of workmen on the northern railway works. A sportsman who has been wild turkey shooting in the Junee district, complains that when he asked at a hotel for salad oil to grease his gun, he was met with roars of laughter. It seems that there had been a terrible run by a leading storekeeper on salad oiD, in the neighborhood of the wild turkeys. : Much discontent was expressed by jurymen engaged in the court of Quarter Sessions on Friday at the announcement of Judge Wilkinson that the Court would, eit on. Saturday. ThiB, the Judge said, was rendered necessary in order to get through the busi ness, as the Supreme Court cases are to begin oa Tuesday. 'A Working Man ' complains of the way in which weekly tickets are iseuedat certain suburban railway stations, lhe ticket office, he says, is opened only about five minutes before the train starts, and, in consequence of the rush, many are unable to get tickets in time, and, consequently, are late at their' work. A party of shootists went out from Junee oa Friday. One was a good Catholic, but he got so hungry that he overcame his religious scruples, and attacked a dish of stuffed mutton -with even greater vigor than his Protestant companions. Ho overate himself and retched violently. And now he excuses himself to his friends by saying ' My Catholia stomach had to oast it all up.' The postal arrangements of Concord are Eaid to ba. worse now than they were thirty years ago. The local postmistress is about to resign the billet, and the Government will not allow more than £10 a year for the position. This amount includes the bringing and taking of the mails to Burwood once or twice a day. None of the business people will accept tho position under double the amount. Mr. H. S. S. Bond writes to urge that prayers ba offered for rain to avert the impending water famine and fever plague. The ministers of certain churches, ' he says, prayed for the euecess of the Soudan contin- .' gent, which was sent to murder our fellow-beings ; and the want of water and the increase of fever may be God's judgment upon us for our action. Mr. Bond objects to the teaching of the Bishop of Melbourne, as contrary to the teaching of the Bible. Ou April 1 the first steam cars introduced on any tramway in the metropolitan district of London bepan running for public traffic on the North London Tram ways Company's lines. The engines are so con structed that in no circumstances can thev attain a greater rate than eight miles an hour. They are made in such a way that they would stop on acquiring that speed. They are almost noiseless, weis-k nine tons each, and are able to draw two cars weighing four tons each up the steep inoline at Stamford-hill. _ At the annual meeting of the Mississippi Valley .Dairy and Creamery Association, held recently in St. Louis, some interesting papers on dairying were read. The secretary said that there were 650 butter and cream factories in Iowa, 497 in Illinois, 300 in Wisconsin, 100 in Minnesota, 100 in .Kansas, 61 in Missouri, 50 is. Indiana, and. 40 in Nebraska— a total of 1798 in eight States. The value of the dairv pro ducts of Iowa alone for the year 1884 was 50,000 ,000 dol. and that of the United States 500,000,000dol. ' Beach's' CouBultation, Contingent Stakes, June 6th, 1000 subscribers 10s each. Please register letters. Beach, care of J. G. Deeble, Deeble'e Hotel, King-street. Thanks for patronage. — Advt. Theatre Eoyal. — Mr. Thomas Walker lectures os 'The Beligion of Egypt before Pharaoh,' Sunday evening.— Advt. Hannah's Boot Sale still raging ; bargains. George* street. — Abvt. Who is your tailor? Why, Webb, the professor, 4S, the corner of Erskineand Kent streets. — Advt. - Mr. P. W. Morison, of 390, George- street, and 85, King-street, has just opened a very choice lot of Moral Studies, Screens, and Birthday Cards, whiob. he is offering at very low prices. — Advt. Bead The IxtebcoiiONiai. Christian Messes gee. Price, 2d. Largest, cheapest, best religious journal in the colonies. News agents ; or, 85, King street. — Aptt. '. Queen's Birthday. — West'B Enterprise Estate, No. 2, the «ream of Biverstone. J21© blocks; 10» monthly, free deeds, no interest, return faro to pur cuasers. Conveyance at the E&Uway; Station to meet trains. Inspection means purchase, as the blocks are right on tho line of improvement. Plans Wat-' kin and Watkin; or, at the station. — Advt. Mothers, buy your boys the wear resisting suits, bo cheap at EUeys*, in Oxford-street.— Advt. Clontarf, Queen's Birthday. Grand family Picnio. Steamers every half hour from No- 2 Jetty.— Advt. _Great drapery Bale, men'e and boys1 clothing. Ulsters, for capes, now on, Hooper's Balmain,-— Advt, Girls' costumes, 3s lid: little boys' ovcrcontg. le lid; trimmed tots, 3s lid, at Wilson's, in Devon* shire-street. — Advt. * Prise easay .£50, on page 7 of « Tsar Book of Aui- traha.' . Tane attended to June 80.— A»vt. 7 A luxury and health preserver, New Turkish Bath. BUgh-street. Single b»tb, 8b; four tickets, 10s.-* See Saw Waltz only obtainable in Sydney* !Kdholsonaiidpo^^,-leorgei8tr.--ADVT. H aebihtated, nervous, overworked, impoverished sn blood, ana w&stati;£ away, *»k« Marshall's Tonio Nervine, the greateet'WM-re *n& i)lood tonio of th» 