THE STORYTELLER A MYSTERIOUS, MURDER. PARTI. ? Somewhere in the North Riding of Yorkshire is Darkhurst * Manor; the ancient residence, of the Catholic , family of Vanstone. Darkhurst has belonged to the YanstoneB.from {time immemorial; parts of the old, honse , are. supposed : to date from the early Norman period ; there is a, chapel on the premises where \- in are laid the boneB of- generations of Van8tones, and for miles round the head , of the honse is looked npon aB a sort of \ petty king. The family has! never en-i joyed a very good reputation for the hnmbler virtues. The Yanstones, as as rule, did i not care much about respectability.- The men were gen erally soldiers, sailors, ' or aimless wanderers on the face of the earthy and the women were frequently the herbinei of. scandals in high life ? and ,camu ce lebres. No Vanstone' ever turned priest or lawyer. The old hotase itBelf veemed to suit the tone of its proprietors. xt was a grim, forbidding looking pile of irregular buildings, with a gloomy lake in front, and a.mass.of thick trees on either side. In thiB stiff,- formal garden there was a mausoleum, and one or two railed off.plots, supposed to be the tombs of long forgotten ancestors. . There was not another house of any description within more than a mile of Darkhurst, nnd on one side a wild stretch of moorland came up within a couple of hundred yards of the grounds. Needless to say,' Darkhurst was haunted by more than the ordinary allowance of family ghosts. There was a white lady, snd a gentleman who habitually, carried, his head in his hands ; there was a blood stain on floor of a musty attic, and a sort of banshee in the kitchen garden. The Yanstones themse-vea had. long since beoome inured to ghostly^ visitants and supernatural manifestations, -; and. ; nervous servants were promptly' discharged with a month's wages and scant sympathy. When Owen Vanstono succeeded to the family property by the unexpected death ol an elder brother, no'ohe had the fainte-'t idea in what part of the' globe I lie w-as to bu found. : After'a few months buwrvnr, spent in diligent search by j»rii au dot ctives, the new squire vt&b; ^ditooveredinaqniet and ontr of the .way; 'corner of Italy, He ,wu a rovingr goqd for nothing vagabond, this 'Owen, arid nobody was, much surprised to hear that1 while in Italy, he had contracted a some what undesirable marriage with a daugh ter of the country. Some people said I that she was the discarded wife of a j roue nobleman, some alleged ahe was the daughter jof, a, Calabrian innkeeper; while others went' so far'as to aas§rt that she was the actual head of a flourishing band of bfjgAtids* 1 OwohVan8toriehadonly two relation^ ,who ,'conld) be expeoted to have any trustworthy information on the 8ubject-—his mother and a married sister. But old Mrs. Yanstone lived by herself in (Sjlon^lx^df er,h(3use,and [was ft-siern, an ,cbminhnicaUve woman; while Lady polby was yachting; with her husband Id jforeign seas. So' the local gossips were fain to be content to await the coming of the now heir and hi* mysterious bride, jln due time they arrived, bnt without fhe customary ,rejoioings, triumphal pohes iandringing.qf bells. A telegram preceded1 them only by a 'few hours, and the housekeeper at Darkhurst Manor Sas terribly fluttered atl^h'e shortness of te time left hdr for preparation. How ever, she managed to get things straight ?iier a psmpn, ana, Eno.wing ner mas ter's awkward temper, she took good Care not to make any complaint when he appeared.,',-'' ; Vanstone had not improved by foreign travel. He, looked a good ten years older than his age, which Mrs. Bell knew to be thirty-three. His face, too,: seemed worn, and there was a curious expres sion in his eyes, a watchful, suspicious expression, which was somewhat un pleasant to meet. His wife, of course, accompanied him, and there was an Italian maid and a cosmopolitan valet. The lady looked tired and cross, but she was certainly very handsome, and by no means impressed the .Darkhurst house hold with the idea that her birth was either lowly or obsoure. Bnt she was a foreigner, and spoke little or no English and the servants 'did not take to her kindly'. Why, they asked, did Mr. Owen bring his wife home in this hole-and corner fashion unless'he was ashamed of her? ' ;'j. : The; few county famjliea in the neigh borhood of Darkhurst called upon the Yanstones as in duty bpund, . but their oiyilities met 'With little- response. The new squire seemed to be a gloomy,, mirose man;;atid hia wife s'caroely /ever; appeared in public*. r' Stories of the moat extraordinary description circulated about thiB enrions couple, bnt Vanstone waii evidently ' indifferent -to - public opinion, and' deliisrmihed to go his : own .way. So far as the servants conld judge he and his. wife were affectionate enough after their own „ fashion. She was macvellously beautiful, and he was sometimes almost extravagant. . in his demotion. Occasionally, however, there was a ' violent quarrel, passionate re proaches on hik side being followed ; by outburata'of hysterioal weeping on hers, andl then for weeks together the two lived ttlmost apart, speaking but rarely^ andj meeting: only at meal-times, As time went ' on thing grew a little more peaceful at 'Darkhurst. Tbe quarrels were rarer, and Mrs. Vanstone was.seen more frequently out of her own house. People began ' to think that after all, the Vanstories would reform, arid become 'decent and useful: members of the cqunty society. The more charitably disposed said that it was naltural enough for ^Vanstone to keep his wife in se clnsion until she knew .the English language, and had some opportunity , of learning British manners and customs.* It) was ^bout six months after Owen Vanstone had come to Darkhurst. Cover-Bhooting'was on,' arid he had gone bo far as to ask two or three friends to help him to slay the pheasants. Cord's the head-keeper, and his assistants' had been . anxiously watching the well stocked preserves for weeks, determined thati their ^master's first impression of the sport at Darkhurst should be a good one.. One evening early in October, Cords was strolling through the home ( covers, a quarter of a mile or so from the; manor, when he caught sight of a dark form! among the trees. The - sturdy Yorkshire man at: once thought of poachers, and croiiohed down ' in the underwood, to get a better look at the stranger. : He was a curious sort of poacher He wore a slouched hat of a kind j Cords had never seen, . and, was wrapped ,np, in a long dark ; cloak: which left nothing of him visible except a pair of high boots. Cords did not like the look | of him at all, and at once con cluded that, he must, have felonious intentions upon either the pheasants or the plate. So he crept a few paces nearer and waited. The stranger appeared to have missed his way ; he glanced about in a perplexed fashion, arid peered amongst the trees as if in search of a path. Presently he seemed , to .have made up hiB mind, and started off towards the; house. . But it happened that he took' the direction of Cord's hid ing place, and ; half-a-dozen pace* brought him fairly up agai'nst that worthy, as he arose from the' ground. 'What art doin' yere,' growled Cords, making a grab at the others collar. The stranger- drew back-with consider able, agility and a muttered oath. The keeper, . nothing daunted, advanced to i effect a capture, but the other suddenly1 produced a long , and very unpleasant looking knife, brandished it in the keep er's eyes, and, as he hesitated an instant, dived: into the underwood and disap peared. :, . ' IfarM on'y had ma goon, my fine gentleman !' oried Cords/ as he plunged 1 after the retreating figure. But pursuit in the gathering darkness was hopeless, and the keeper went on his way, leeling exceedingly savage and somewhat small. Another' 200 yards, and the gamekeeper emerged on a long, straight drive lead ing to the manor. As he did so he started again, and instinctively olutched his stick, for : straight in- front of him was another fixture. But a glance satis fied him that this time it was Mr. Van stone, and not the black cloaked stran ger. . ' Good evenin', sir,' said Cords, 'have you seen anybody about.?' 'No.' .''I meta, queer kokiri'.chqp in there ; mejbbe a poacher,' *i-. i .. -: P r -? why quoer-looking ?' asked Van stone;'~T '' /' r' ' Well, he had a black cloak on, a soft hat, and tall boots. Carried a knife, too.' ' You met a man just how like that ?' asked Vanstone,' speaking very slowly ; ' did you notice anything else about him ?' Cords thonght'his master's voice soun ded hollow and. strange. He conld not see . his.face, but he heard his breath come quick and short. 'He had black ieyes, curly hair, like ia organ grinder.' A passionate oath broke from Van stone.; he. saidno more, bat strode ra pidly towards the' honse, mattering to himself, while the keeper followed at a respectable distance/ greatly _ wondering at his master's singular emotion. Mr. Vanstone entered,, the front door, while Cords betook himself to the ser vants' hall, where he greatljr interested and alarthed a group of admiring, servant girls with a graphic ' description of the mysterious trespasser. He did not, how ever,. say .anything about the effect which the apparition' 'had - produced npon his master. That evening Mr. Vanstone ordered his clothes to be packed, and announced hiB intention, of going for a couple of days to London. He seemed to be on particularly affectionate terms with his wife, and spent the evening in her bou doir. The next morning he drove off early in his dogcart and caught the first express south. The night after Van stone's departure was wild and stormy. The T?ind swept across the desolate moor « i .1: 1 i: ? 11- . ? ? a.\\. - ana wniBuea aiBmtuiy aoiuug iuw iuug dark avenues. The servants sat up later than usual, the more weakminded ones being afraid to go to bed, while the ease hardened old butler told grim^ stories of the Darkhurxt ghosts, and mightily en joyed the effect his narratives produced upon the shuddering circle. One of the younger footmen, who had bnt recently arrived from London, was particularly ? .iJaUax Ua ?'»+ in nnan fnAllfliAfl aWC'DtriV/AOU* AAO OCHU 1U Uj»wu »uvuvuw« horror while the Btories of the white lady and of the headless gentleman were unfolded to him. ' Lor, Mr. BootleB,' he at length ven tured to remark, ' 'ow ever dare you stay in such a 'ouse ?' ' Because. 1 knows when I've got a good berth, yon young jackass,' grow led the butler, and James Flint subsided into silence amidst the giggling of the servant girls. But when James retired to his somewhat narrow bed he found it utterly hopeless to attempt to sleep. He lay awake for hours, quaking with fright at every successive moan of the wind, and waiting in agony for the appearance of the white lady through the rattling windbw or the creaking door. The night was interminable, and the footman vowed that nothing would induce him to stay in such a terrible house. _ At length, just as he was on the point of felling asleep from sheer exhaustion, a sound broke -upon his ears which seemed to freeze his very blood. It was a woman's shriek, a despairing muffled cry which no wind oould ever produce. It sonnded a long way off, but James Flint thought it must be cloBe upon him and with a yell of abject terror he spraing out of bed and! rushed towards the butler's room. He conld hear Booties snoring, and he burst in without further ceremony. a Oh, Mr. BootleB I' he screamed, ^' Murder, murder ; somebody's been killed!' ; , The butler awoke deliberately, and struck a match. '!Oh, it's you is it? You infernal young idiot 1' ' For Heaven's sake come and peg what's the matter,' whimpered the boy. '? Go to the devil,' rejoined the but ler, blowing out the light. ' Have you never heard the banshee ? Go back to bed,; and if you wake me again I'll skin' you alive !' So James crept back to his bed and lay shuddering with fright until day light. But when Teresina, the lady's maid, went to call her , mistress in the morning. . she rushed' out of the room with a terrible scream, and fainted dead away in the passage. The other ser vants gathered round her awe-stricken,' and, for some time no bne dared to re enter the chamber. At length came the housekeeper,, who, feeling tbe necessity of showing a brave front, hardened her heart; arid headed a email expedition of discovery. And this iB what she saw : — The room was in complete disorder. Drawers had been Bmashed open, jewel cases shattered, and wardrobes forced. There; had evidently been a terrible struggle, for one chair was broken .to pieces, and the carpet had been torn up in places. The window was wide open, and the sash was marked by muddy boots. Lying half dressed across the bed w4s Stephania Vanstone, dead and cold, her splendid eyes almost forced from their sookets, and staring upwards in glassy 'horroir : her face blue and swol len, arid her snow white neck blackened by murderous fingers. The terrified women Could see that' she had been strangled, for the marks of the villain's hands wfitB plainly visible. There was blood upon tip carpet, and, on looking more closely fchfiy that the unfortu nate lady's jaw haj} foee# ? broken,' and three or four of her teelfc fe^o^e^ out by a tremendous blow in ihe fflto^h. , Mrs. Bell sternly Bilenced the chattering of the younger servants, and. sent ? groom for a doctor and the police, while she arranged the room, and decently co vered the body of her luckless mistress, Presently the doctor and the local non stable arrived. Mrs. Vanstone was past human aid,; she had been violent-, ly strangled, most probably by a rubber whom fiHae faftd disturbed in the act of stealing her |effels. The policeman agreed with thiB tluwrjr, It was perfect ly evident. The man Iwjl scaled the ivy covered wall and opened the jyjndow. Mrs. Vanstone had surprised him.. £ijd he had murdered her. Moreover, he had got clean away with his booty, for many valuable jewels were missing. Under the windbw there were the marks of feot, and here the constable found something which almost solved the mystery, a black, slovenly hat qfLfpr,eign make, such as is — or might be--;Worn by wandering Italians. Cords, t|ie keeper, at once identified this hat as exactly resembling that worn by the mysterious cloaked stranger in. the wood, and loudly, bewai led his' carelessness and had luck in not having Bucoeeded in capturing the mnr 'derous ruffian. But li-montati»ns were useless ; the constable took down all he could gather from C'-rda, and the avail able police fordo, lihled by dozens ot vo lunteer detective*,' at. once begun to '8C'Ur the country in search of the foreig ner. .A telegram hml, of course, been nent. at once to' Mr. Vanstone, and, later in the dn.v, he returned to tho manor. iHis wifee's horrible death ha l a! ready produced a .marked effect upon him. His face was ghastly pale, wrinkled, and worn ; the suspicions look in his eyes was bo intensified, aB to -be absolutely painful ;and the servants whispered to themselves that his hair had turned per ceptibly grey. He went straight ,up to his wifs room and remained there a good hour, during which: Mrs. Bell, who re mained outside to warn off inquisitive passers-by, heard more than one groan of anguish, and wept silently in sympa thy with her master's terrible grief. Presently he came, out with a white set face, and inquired if a search was being taade for the aBaassin. The house-, keeper noticed for tlie .first time that he wore his right arm in a sling. i ' Have you hurt your arm, sir,' she inquired. : ' Can I do anything ?' : ' Nothing,' he answered carelessly. ' I have only brok*n a finger— got it jammed iri a cab door,' and he showed her his hand bound rip and in splints. . 1? ? it. ? ? P- ' 3 ? it.. - ? I ? 1 rur me uexc lew ciays ine enure iocui population, arid several specially sum moned detectives, searched unceasingly fpr the murderer without the least suc cess. An inquest was, of course, held but no fresh evidence transpired. There was really none to be given except that of the gamekeeper and of the tell-tale hat. No one had the least doubt that some wandering ruffian had forced his way into Mrs. Vanstone's rooji in hopes of plunder, and had murdered her to prevent an alarm. So a verdict was re turned of ' Wilful Murder against some person or persons unknown,' and the DarkhurBt mystery- was relegated to the list of undiscovered^ crimeB. After his wife's funeral Owen Vanstone went nVivnorl Ilia Oftrlvaoa VkAin/* U/inV n' MAO uuuigoo WGiiig nop a oouivu from eveiy one but his solicitor. The manor was shut up, and the servants paid off ; the house was left to the bats arid owls, and the oountry people gave it a wider berth than ever, and spoke in awe-struck whispers of the terrible shpek which on dark and stormy nights was heard to echo through the wing where the murdered woman had slept. ' Pat, have you any prairies in Ire land like we have in Illinois ?' ' To be shoor we have. Arrah, man didn't yaz iver hear of Tipperary ?' i Native of up country town to visitor : ' Well, how do you like our town?' ' Very nice place indeed. Just con sider: there are twenty-two trains by which you can leave daily.' Why are the creditors of Mr. Daniel O'Connor like the N. S. W. Contingent about to leave for the East. Because, they are going to Sue-Dan 1 'James,' said a well- known city mer- j chant to his shopman as he entered his store, 'you've got an.; awful smell of whisky about you this morning.' 'Well sir,' replied James, ' if the smell of it only does you aB much good aB the taste did me, you're welcome to it.' James is now looking after another billet. One of the most healthy places of re sort that we know of is Lome, or. Loutit Bay, as it is sometimes called. A friend of ours, who. has suffered for years from that frightful disease called impecunios ity, lately went on a trip there, and re* turned jn three weeks completely cured, He proposed marriage to a rich widow who was . there for the benefit of her wealth, and it comes off shortly. A little boy and girl playing in asu burban garden. The. girl finds an apple undgr a tree, andj with an exclamation of delight, begins (o bite it. ' Hold on,' says the' boy. ' Throw it away, The eolwy is cp'min*, an' if you eat that apple you will be took sick an' you can!t talk, an' the doctor will come an- give you some bad medicine an' then you will die.' The girl throws the apple down, and the boy, snatching it up, begins to eat it. ' Don't,' the girl cries. 'Won't it kill oo, too?' 'No,' says the boy, munching the fruit ; ' it won't kill boys. . It's only after little girls^ Boys don't have colwy.' That youngster will be a great politician, The cost of stopping a train is esti mated, by those who know all about, it, at from four shillings to ten shillings, according tp circumstances. . We know of circumstances, where it has cost a lot more than that. It was when the train was stopped by meeting another one coming in an opposite direction. This costcan be,( only ascertained by interviewing the Rail way Department. To love early and marry late hag been compared to hearing a lark singing at dawn, and at night eating it roasted for ?upper. Plain Speech.'— A North-country fish-wife went to buy a dress. 'None of your gaudy colors for me,' she said to the man at the counter, 'give me plain red. and yaller.' (To be concluded.*) 