Wool way. Dbt winds and dust storms day by day make us think that rain never will' again moko its appearance. A slight green shade can now be seen, but not grass of sufficient length for sheep to take hold. To all appearance this is the worst spring we have experienced for years past. Many families have been laid up with a kind low fever, known as 'doe fever.' A Cooma lieutenant has got it. An unusual number of dead sheep ore to be seen laying about; you do not see 100 per cent, on the Manaro rivers, brooks, and banks just now. Fencing is being oarried on with good spin:. Mr. Pryce is having several miles erected, which gives the place a goohead appearance, and leads me to think some one hopes to live. Good bye, shepherd ; hump your swag, and be a navvy. The wheat crops appear generally late, but look moderately well, during the late dry season. I often oave to 'paBS by the Gegcdzerick Cemttery, when I think of a ghost story told by Mr. S. ; that was in the wet seasons :— Xiato at night, onoe on a time, as Mr. S. was passing thB churchyard, he found something perched on the branches of the trees. On Hearing them, he found it (the ghost) to bo one of the souls of the departed. They had come out to dry their clothes, for their graves were full of water. They tell us to die is gain ; so it appears, for after the change we become wise and kind one to another. Here we see an example of this, says Mr. S. One old gent, perched on the dry branch of a tree conplains that his grave was half full of water; he could not even find the jawbone of an ass to bale out his apartment. Never mind, says his. neighbour (a member of another church) I will lend you my skull. So saying, he removed itwitnajerk, and they were all made happy, for next day. Now I should not wonder if Hr. Ai^wTniTiiihy '**fjlmynTiitniTi ** were to lend one a for wad. his skull to bale out his parlour .next oentury. Who has the most claim to Protestant f Enough, or I may have to hire somebody's skull to steer me dear of some squabble. Sleep me clear of little bishops. A light shower of rain fell here this mom ing. Petee Sutplb. Woolway, 14th September. 