WORKMEN'S TICKETS. Carelessness, it may be cbarilably supposed is a part of the explanation of the circum anna that a large proportion of the workm-n's rail way tickets are not returned to th: dipartniMt when tho rime for which they were issue 1 lias expired. Tho Commissioner says thv at soma of the stations embraced by tho syetom, from 16 to 96 per cent, of the tickets issucl ara not surrendered after tbey havo ceased to be v.tli 1. If roguery wero tho sole motive for thj nan- surrender, ths Commissioner's a tateoicut would prove that there is a va»: diversity in the suburba in respaci of th) existence of tuis quality amongst ihe wurkiug-tn -n It w >ul.t dtmonatrnte that wbila in one loca'ity ih« proportion of workmen who cheat tin government by means of railway ticket , is only 16 per cent., ia ano her loo t- lity it is as high a3 96 psreant. It is agam;; reason that there can be such disparity. The workmen who purchasa season ticksts at tho Redfern btalion are no'., wa aro stirs, greater sinnere than thoao who puruhase similar tickets at Newtown or Petsrsham, and th-refors ;ha non-delivery of tho ticke'e av the expiration of their currency shoulil not be rashly a''ri- br.tad to a disposition to be diihonest. The oblig&tiou; to deliver np railway tickets when they havo cea3ed to be va'id is one that is placed by the department on all railway travel. Itrs, but how seldom is it fu'fi'led by even tho most respectable people in the absence of a direct request by one of the railway servant). Many railway by-Iawa are subrait'ed to by the public under silent protest, and this one wo are referring to beloDgs to tho number. A workman obtains from the Railway Department a ticket which givee him the right to jonrney on the railway at certain times and between certain places for a week or a month, and one of ths conditions on nhiuh ho obtains it is that ho will return i> to the department when the time for which it war issued has expired. In nine cases ou: of ten ho either fails to see '.he renin for th'3 condition, or it wou'd involve soma trouVe to fulfil it, and, then-fore, in;tnd of binding back tho ticket to tho station maV.or lu thro /a it away. It may reasonably bo prnatimei tliat something like this i« -.-ha: is dons n at least 60 or 70 per cent, of tho working- men who get tickets at the s'utnn whioh a>-nds in the return showing that 90 per cent, of the tickets isened these are not surrendered. Care lesEntse, then, constitutes a con-.iderabls por tion of the offence of which she R til way De partment comp'ains ; but, doubt uis, there is also a good deal of deliberate cheating. Too proportion of that ought, wa think, to bo looked for in the Em&llor; rather lhaa the larger per-centage figures whioh havo been quo.t-d. At one station 16 per cent, of ths tic o:s have not been returned, but SI per cont. have been. At anothor station only 4 per cent, hive been given np while 96 psr cent, have been re'iDod. Admit that a very largo numbor of people take ticket rat tho la'.ier (nation, and only a comparatively unall number at the foinier, and that the satisfactory rotult in tho former case is partly owing to a pori.unal knowledge of the applicants for tickets possessed by tht) sta'.iou ofli :ialr>, which the 'cificidls at ,tho other station do not nnd ca«ld not possess, yet with such a conoestion the number of cheats could not bs shown to be large. Perhaps 10 per cent, of the workmen are swindlers, and havo been acjustomcd lo travel more or less frequently on expired rail way rickets. They have bona guilty of great meanness, but it should be renumbered that tnnuy of their social beticra have of:en been guilty of similar acts of meanness. That, of course, does not justify them, but it may ssrva as a warning against tho inclination to indulgain special reprobation of their conduct. The Com- lniseioncr's device for preventing frauds by ths travelling workmen piobably will he effective, if it is allowed to be employ ed, but it argues d is- oiganiention and incompetency amongst the railway cfiiciuhi. Is it not a part cf the duty of certain railway porters to collect or ex.uuiua ptiiscngers' ticket and to seo thu' every ticket is right ? A passenger travelling by rail to Alhury or Tenterfiild is a'm.st peruccuted by ticket po."erH. Tluy turn hit ticket over lulf a df zsn times a tmlf a dozen places ; they punch it ; tbey examine every letttr an 1 figure on it ; their scrutiny, in short, is so tninu'e that an expired ticket has not the ghost of a chance of being pasted. It only needs a tenth of this zeal on the eubnrban lines to defeat the game of dishonest working - men. Th Commitfioner's dovice will not be tolcra'ed, snd we doubt if it ebould bo, inasmuch at it implies tho sotting up of one law for ths rich and another for the poor. It is not to the crtdit of the Commissioner to declare, as ha haB in fact declared by tbo promulgation of this new railway by-law, that he cannot deal with a few cheats except on a principlo that supposes every labourer aud mechanic may' be a dii honest man. 