THE NOVELIST. TOPSY TURNS. BY :MLK,S. H. SMITH. -+ AUTHORESS OF "FIT FOR THAT," "THE CITY OF IT," ETC. ETC. CHAPTER XXV. '' Oor thistles bloomed save fresh and fair And bonnie wee our roses, The Whigs came o'er us like a blight An' withered a 'oor poses. Awa Whigs away" Mr. Prosser was earnest over a proof which by its appearance would cost the compositor in setting not a little extra work. There was a net work of telegraph lines over its face, and the margins were filled in with manuscript notes. Still he did not seem satisfied. The editorial lime piece pointed to 2 a.m., and the Weekly Sun was due for delivery only four hours later. The little den was cloudy with tobacco smoke, utter quiet reigned. With an impatient with Mr. Foster put his hand on the ear tube lying by his side. It communicated with the printers room in the heights above, but before he could lay his lips to its mouth the door cautiously opened, and Mr. Rout crept cautiously in. " All Alone Prosser." " Yes sir," was the reply given in a tone of relief, I was just wishing I could have word of you," and he drew a chair forward, into which Mrs. Rout subsided. " Read this," said Posser, handing the disfigured proof to the " governor, as technically he described the proprietor of the organ he represented. " Have you a clean one ?" asked the latter, after a cursory glance at the contents. "Yes, but not a revise, of course." Mr. Rout read the one now handed to him more carefully. " You saw it this morning," observed Mr. Power in a questioning tone, i "I know, I know, you have my note objecting, I hope." Posser nodded. " Take care of it," and then Mr. Posser's visitor tore the corrected k proof into shreds. Posser stared. " This can go up as it is," said Mr. Rout, giving Power back the clean proof, " as you say, we must be either fish or flesh. I have parted with my interest in the paper, so you can have it your own way. You will receive a communication from my successor in the morning. At present, I may tell you, as you are going to press, that he is not on my client's side. I have thought over the whole matter, and whatever my own particular bias may be, I cannot in honour hold the anomalous position of proprietor of a Radical paper, and election agent to a Conservative candidate. I was not aware his Lordship was so ultra Tory. A C " Tory," exclaimed the puzzled Power, " there's not a hair to choose between him and Rawson ; if there was it would be on his Lordship's side. He is not so practical as Raw- son, and one can never tell the length metaphysics will lead a young fellow to. I can't understand it. It seems to me you had the best hand. Sir Oscar was a Moderate and as Le Pole lies his colours, he ought to have carried the factories to a man ; they don't analyse a fellow's divergencies." " I have to look at every side," said Mr. Rout, repressing his impatience. "I am neither a keen politician nor a philanthropist, and I cannot afford, for either a client or a principle, to damage my property. You spoke truly when you said we ought to stick to our own colours, Ultra Radicalism thats toning down met Casar aut Bulluss as I received a sudden offer for the concern I have closed. Mr. Patch, Mr. Rawson's agent, has just left me. I fancy you will receive a visit from him soon. All things considered I am lucky. I could not do my client justice with this round my neck, and he put his hand on a stray number of the Weekly Sun There was nothing more to say for the present. The printers were calling for correcte 1 proofs, and Mr. Pj3ser, fooling the necessity of concentration of thought, shunted the train of be- wildering conjecture and suspicion. For the present the line was clear, he had things his own way, and Ozmin ster should have an eye-opener at cock crow. Mr. Rout got back to his hotel un- observed, and a few minutes afterwards Mr. Pitch occupied his vacated seat in the editorial office. " By Jingo," exclaimed Mr. Butts, of the Spotted Dog public-house, a RiidicU of too extreme views to admit the necessity of any boundary at all " By Jingo the Sim has opened its eyes at last," and he flourished the damp sheets of that emancipated organ above his head. It was breakfast hour, and the bar was full. Mr. Uutls was glib of tongue, and with appropriate gesture and emphasis he gave his audience Mr. Posscr's "eye- opener," which was received with acclaim. " That tells a fellow things plain," said one. " Posts a man up in his rights," said another. "Doant it pay' it to the nobs," cried a third. * " A allus said as made his own out and a fourth. "What is it as Sir Janitor see about capital?" asked a big browed, keen-eyed mechanic, drawing his third part. That he's not a going' to spend his capital a layin' a field to field, like the prodigal son in the Bible," answered -Mr. Butts in free rendering of some recorded falutin, of the town's benefactor, " that it's there to turn over for 'em as wants it, an' we all wants it, dont we ? I puts it to the vote, gentlemen. The working' man as a right to capital, who sees no let 'em up with his' and " Not a finger stirred. " Then, I'se stand yees all round." Every mug was filled. "Here's to bir Janitor Tomlinson, the man as knows the rights of' capital, and' as doesn't keep a score again it like Sir Oscar did." The mugs were drained, and the The right of publishing " Topsy Tnviff in the Australian Colonies has been purchased by the proprietors of the "WEST AUSTRALIAN. freeborn electors of Oxminster felt elevated in more senses than one. As they filed out Mr. Butts called after them, " An' we're to have a daily every day, we are, it's to be called the People's Spokesman, an' it's only to be an 'half-penny. Be blest if they ain't a posting of it over the JUMPS. " Hooroze, my boys !" and in a answering chorus the electors echoed Hooroze !" Mr. Curtin printed and published the People's Spokesman, which, dis- owning any connection with, the Weekly Sun, left that organ so far in the shade it seemed a matter of doubt if it had not undergone a partial eclipse. " I have nothing to do with such principles, Mr. Patch," remonstrated his client, in indignant accent. " This is unmitigated revolution." Mr. Patch laughed. " Only an escape of sewer gas, he said. " It requires something very strong to rouse a respectable constituency. Get them in smelting order, and Rent may send in his little bill with regret "I reserve the right," said the young man, by no means satisfied " to disown any connection with such gutter filth," and he tore the offend- ing sheet of the People's Spokesman in two, and trod on it. " Certainly, and it will be absolutely necessary for you to do so, my dear sir," Mr. Patch spoke confidentially, " but not yet awhile. The last day of polling will do." " And I shall take very good care," continued Ned, " to urge Sir Janitor to take the Spokesman from Mr. Cure. No respectable publisher would put his name to such a production as this. For my part, I am sorry he touched the press at all." " He'll soon get tired of it," and Mr. Patch winked, just take things a little easy till the fight is over the least thing now might turn the tide against us. Things have gone smoother the last two days. Rout's not so sharp as he was. Whoever got this up though, has his wits about him. It is a grand idea a People's Spokesman. Did yon read the programme ? " Ned made a gesture of dissent and disgust. " Well the working man is called on to express his opinions openly, and without reserve, in its columns. Just picture to yourself the delight of Mr. Butts to see himself in print." The day after Mr. Rout's interview with Sir Janitor, he sent to London for another ' hand ' as he expressed it in person of a particular scrivener known to him personally, a man of undoubted respectability, and decided conservative principles. This individual, Klear by name, he told off to accompany Lord Le Pole in his personal canvass, and to attend him at all times during the contest. " If we divide," he said to his client, " we shall have more influence, and do double work. Clear is a townsman, he knows the people." Each night Mr. Ktear went over his day's progress to his principal, giving him a list of persons called on, with particulars of the interviews, and each succeeding day Mr. hour went over the same ground in person with a result that would rather have astonished his noble and confiding client. Both candidates spoke well, and both pledged themselves pretty liberally, on general questions, for the future. On direct points, Lord Le Pole's fencing was perhaps more subtle. " He do use such a lot of' famed words he do, a' dont know where to Levitus" said a puzzled heckler, but his bearing was so con- ciliatory, his patience and gentleness with even the roughest rough so in- variable, and his pleasant face and mile so irresistible, that his platform utterances. and those from the balcony of the hotel, were generally received with unanimous cheering. Ned's oratory was of a different flavour, it was incisive and he was not gifted with patience. He had a good sound ' two ' when occasion called, but measured man to man he went further than his opponent, and though he was made the aim more than once of some eggs that were not wholesome, and cats that were not pleasant practical expressions that somehow were never directed against his opponent, on the whole it might be said that he was the popular candidate. The new paper, although it out Heroded-Herod, proclaimed itself in favour of Sir Janitor's nephew, giving his speeches a flavour scarcely re- cognizable by the owners e palate, nor to its taste. With equal impartiality it travestied those of the adversary with demolishing effect. But the London reporters, giving the outside of matters, spoke big things of the chance of the Conservative candidate. The London season was on the wane. In a few days the opera would be closed, and then the gay plunged migrants would begin to fly south Lady Albury and her daughter, giving up a Royal garden party, came down to Parlby Grange to welcome back the successful candidate-the possibility of defeat never even occurred to them. Their daily food had been the reassuring Morning Post, and conciliatory Times. " I think said Lord Albany to his wife on the night of her arrival, " that we will defer any arrangements for a dinner to the people till Le Pole comes down. It might indeed be well to give it at the harvest home." " Why papa," cried Lady Olivia the youngest and liveliest of the daughters of the House of Albany, " that would be the day after the fair. There's not a girl about the place, I am told but has got a blue something ready. Dicks (the head gardener) told me that his wife had bought a blue gown and we brought down a whole web of orthodox cotton." Lord Albany looked harassed. " Let us make quite sure Li via my pet," he said kindly. " These are revolutionary times. We shall know tomorrow for certain." The morrow came. The Earl was seated with his family in the tearoom, and was enjoying his reviving cup. The Cricket with a blue flag was crying, " Leppo for ever " at the top of his childish treble, and Garth, a white deerhound belonging to Le Pole, lying full length across the rug, had his nose pointed to the door as in expectancy of some one. An air of caution j pation pervaded the lady part of those present. Movements in that well ordered aristocratic mansion were ghost-like in their imperceptibility, so a side door had opened, and a foot- man with a silver salver, on which lay a yellow missive, stood before the Earl, before a sound notified his coming. The door closed noiselessly behind the automaton, who neither by look or turn showed the least consciousness of the importance of the document of which he had been the bearer, but he was perfectly aware that it contained a telegram, giving the result of his young master's candidature for Oxminster. A glance at the Earl's visage would, he knew, give him the information, he, with his fellow servants, desired, but for this he would have to wait. "One thousand," was the Earl's answer as the telegram fluttered to the ground. The tone in which these words were spoken made Lady Albany look up sharply. "You are ill, Albany," she cried rising. '-You should take things quieter, of course it is a very gratify- ing majority, Olivia ring for some wine." "No," said the Earl, recovering himself. " Time enough for the servants to know our disgrace." Lady Albany looked frightened. She thought her husband was wander- ing, clear the goodly success had been too much for his mind, harassed as she knew it had been of late, by business worries. She laid her hand kindly on his arm. He looked up at her with hollow eyes. "You don't understand, my love," he said " the majority is Mr. Rawson's A silence, painful in its intensity fell on the room, and Garth, rising majestically, came to the Earl's side, thrust, his * piteous nose into the nerveless hand from which had fallen the ill-omened massive, and fixed his eyes, full of dumb sympathy on the haggard face. There was a mournful pride in the dog's attitude. His ears were well back, and his long gaunt body, so expressive of tradition and canine aristocracy, harmonized with the noble figure drooping dejectedly forward, like a tall tree weakened at the roots. Then the Cricket, who had been the last few minutes trying to mend his flag, which he had torn, suddenly started up, and resumed his scamper round the room crying. " Leppo for ever." J Dinner was over at Egbert Lodge, but the quiet party still lingered over fruit and wine. Mabella was more than usually attentive to the Squire and conciliatory in her manner to Sybella, She looked ill and jaded. Dulsie complained of rheumatic pains, the Squire was inattentive and abstracted. Even Judy added to the general depression by a kind of pre- occupied melancholy, so unlike her usual mood that Sybella's sharp eyes observed her furtively. It was a sul- try evening, and the windows which were down to the ground, were wide open. Suddenly The came out of his house, and barked as if at a familiar step. Judy looked across the lawn. " It is mamma," she said, " she has a telegram in her hand, the election, I suppose," and in a moment she was at Mrs. Ayluiere's side. She hardly knew what answer, she expected as she called to her mother. s Who's won mammy ?" neither did she at the moment know what she wished. When however, Mrs Ayl mere replied in a voice of excitement, " Mr. Rawson," she was keenly sensible of a sudden depression, which might have been only sympathy for defeat-for Judy's heart was tender and always went out to the vanquished. " Whom did you get the telegram from, mamma ?" she asked. " Oh, Miss France, she got it from her friend who is st tying at Janitor Hall, and she ran over with it to me at once." " I wish you would not be so intimate with Miss France, mamma, they don't like her here, and you heard what Mr Horsetail said today." "Oh I'm only neighbourly, my love," was the reply. " She is useful. But just imagine. Why young Raw- son is a public man now, and will be one of our wealthiest commoners." " Miss France is a bird of ill-omen," said Mabella querulously, as she passed on the telegram to her cousins. " I can't understand it," said the Squire, "I did not think the contest would be closer than Albany seemed to expect, but I certainly did not anticipate this crushing defeat-a thousand majority ! If I were Albany I should demand a scrutiny." Mrs Ay 1 mere was sharp. She saw how the land lay, and she held her tongue. '. You don't seem much elated, Judy," said Sybella. "I thought you and Mr. Rawson were great ii lends.'' " And so we are, and I am very glad for his sake that he has such noble work before him, but I can't help feeling sorry for Lord Albany. He is such a proud man, and he had his son's success much to heart." At this juncture a note was brought to the Squire from the secretary of the Saiidyeot. club, confirming the intelli- gtMice received at second hand from Miss Frances. " It is quite true," he said, passing the note down the table. "Gunn pro posed to let me know the last poll they were pretty even the first part of the day. I can't understand it." Lord Lo Pole is sure of his seat in the Upper House some day," said Mrs. Alyuiereina consolatory tone. " A career is not of such vital importance to him as to Mr. Rawson." Lord Albany's interest in the Cabinet is good," the Squire said, just a little haughtily, " but he knows that it is in the Commons a young man can best make his mark. He expected good things of him." " Le Polo is intellectual, I know,'' said Sybella, " but I doubt if he is clever in the 'pushing' driving sense of the word. He is hardly practical enough." " There are few men of Le Pole's years," returned the Squire " his equal in knowledge and accomplish- ments. Once thoroughly roused he will do good work, and I very much doubt his taking this defeat quietly. I am just a little afraid he was too high toned for the kind of canvass he is sure to have had. Rout cases though. I can't understand it." And that was what everyone said - i no one could understand it. CHAPTER XXVI. " Married past redemption." " Memory, the warder of the brain." The village of Preene was very seldom honoured by the presence of Sandycot visitors. It had no internal attractions or picturesque surroundings, and no traditions, save of a narrow local character. There was a species of stagnant melancholy about the place that repelled the casual passes through. Indeed the entire hamlet might some morning have been levelled to the ground, and the inhabitants have made tracks for a distant colony, and no blank would have been felt in the larger communities in the neighbourhood, nor would anyone's wants have been left unsupplied. Preene lived into itself, and to all practical purposes upon itself. And the utter indifference with which it was regarded by a larger life without was more than equalled by the supreme importance is attached to any world, but the little world it, called its own. One evening, however, long after the last urchin had been tucked into his crib, the village shop closed, and the mugs at the little public house ranged over the bar for the night, Mrs Horseman's smart basket chaise drew up at the church door. There were in it that lady herself and Elsie Eber. There was no servant. Mrs Horseman was her own charioteer. A labourer, smoking his last pipe under the centre elm of the green before going home to his missus,' undertook to watch that the pony did not stray, and then the ladies took a discursive saunter round the place. The reconnoitering tyke from Farmer Hodge's enclosure gave tongue, and as Mrs Horseman and her companion stopped at the little wicket, from which Judy had seen the Major issue. Mrs Hodge came gaping out, " most zure " r as she said, " think Simon Beales had downed his donkey among the turnips over the mis." Mrs Horseman accosted the woman gently. " You have a lodger, she said "is he in?" "No I ain't, an' air beant thin, in gone away," was the uncouth answer. " When did he go ?" asked Elsie. " Three days a goan, noa two. It vor the' day as the red cow kicked oop the pail, and spilt the whole milk in it for." Where has he gone ?" "A doubt Eneow, un neves zed narra word, and a' never axed. Lim non mayhap." Mrs Horseman then asked her way to the parsonage. Mrs Hodge did not understand what a parsonage was, but, " near, there or no parson or vicars narra un at Present. A chap as vor a sorter parson, a curate yolks up, she believed, comed Sundays, and then the church doors were open, but now, she had never noa time, not she to you herself for church, but sent the children, it keep 'em vrom cuddling, an' her master, in vor whose, un Yor Sundays, an' artery (cross)." " He must have left the very day Judy saw him," said Elsie, " there is no use enquiring further. I suppose if he had sought England round he could not have found a more secluded spot, and yet by a very ordinary chance he was discovered." The friends walked silently on. When they turned a corner, which took them out of sight, Mrs Hodge ceased gaping, and re-entered her house. They then turned up a narrow lane which by a side path led to the back of the church, where were the wicket gate and rough steps giving entrance to the grave-yard. In this lane were two or three cottages. At the door of one facing direct on the road, were some tools of the kind used by grave diggers. Mrs Horseman," said Elsie suddenly stopping, VI think it would be well i? we could get inside the church, This is evidently the sexton's cottage." For a moment Mrs Horseman was at fault. She looked with keen questioning into her companion's eyes, then in a flash she understood. " The Register ?" she said. Elsie nodded. "Impossible. With all her folly she is as proud as Lucifer, and only foolish where romance is concerned." " Dear it is infatuation, and what can you know of infatuation in the utter happiness of a perfect union. It is a species of intoxication. . . . only it cures itself." " Her father, Elsie, she would try every means first." " He would not let her." " Who can tell the specious His he has made her believe. She believes in him as she believes in her Maker. She sees her Maker only through him. Dear friend, goodness and truth have very commonplace shapes on earth ; it is only Satan that is transformed into an Angel of Light." And Elsie, making some steps in advance, knocked at the door of the little cottage, It was opened by an old man, who to her conciliatory questioning said his name was Jan Ockle,-and-that he was the sexton and beadle too, had been for a score of years and more. He was garrulous and late though the hour was willingly led the way up the rough hewn stops to the church, and showed his visitors inside. At the sight of a promised sovereign his mild scruples about the sanctity of the ventry, and the integrity of the register were overcome. The latter was produced from a secret receptacle, one or two formed in the wall, which at that part was six feet in thickness. It was a large book, on half filled with entries Jan did not let it out of his hands He placed it on the parson's desk," as he called a huge old black oak box, elevated on trestles in a comer. As he slowly turned over the leaves to find the last page, the one asked for by Elsie, he recounted the names of various parties married within the twelvemonth, checking off as he proceeded the different Fees he had received with a grumble at each. He had no luck, he said he hadn't, his son had had fever, and he had to go to him, was a fortnight and more Mr. Thoms, he had kept the keys. He vor deaf and analyst blind, he vor, and grumpy too There vor a marriage just the week after he had gone, a promiscuous one voice. Noa body seemed to know the parties, sorter gentle voices they vor. Only Thoms vor present and Mrs. Thoms vor present, and Mrs. Thoms, who vor no sholard, they put themmin cross in the register. Miss would see it there, and a putty cross it vor, been just a splash and a scratch. But he vor most zure old Thoms getten a big fee, although he wouldn't tell, not he. As wor dogged case, he vor. But he'd get two pigs in' the' style, and the missus she'd bought a rare lot of' panky thin gums for the house. He should be gone snacks he should, but it didn't matter, she'd be the berry in of them both, an' he'd not dig extra deep, he'd not, nor mind how the money vor schooled in on 'em, he wouldn't." They let the old man prove on till the last page arrived at, he slapped his hand on its face and then stood aside to let Kffie look. There's been sloppy splatter," he said, " it or the curate az married 'em, an' he ain't much out. Flagg is a name, a marsh wady kind of' a writer, who allus zed amen as if he were catching' flies." And in the dim twilight Elsie read above the offending cross, which a blot had transformed into a blur, the names of Geoffrey Tyler and Mabella Egbert. They had been man and wife a week. There had been little speech between the friends as they drove back to Saudycot. As if by tacit consent further deliberation was put off for the morrow. " Elsie, my poor darling," said Mrs Horseman, as they quietly bade each other good-night, " nothing he could do should hurt you now, he is not more base in your eyes than he was." " No, no," she cried vainly trying to check a sob, which brought with it no tear, " it is not that, it is" memory. Oh the pain of it, the pain of it." CHAPTER XXVI. To have the power to forgive Is surprise and prerogative, And this in crowns a nobler gem, To grant a pardon than condemn. After some slight hesitancy Mabel In consented to ask Lady Albany to be one of the patronesses of the Sandycot ball, which, if all went well, was to come off in ten days. A gracious answer was returned, and Sandy cot was in a flutter of expectancy, It was understood that " the countess " would bring her daughters, and that her son, Lord Le Pole, would also accompany her. It was the first time in its a to- says that Sandyford could boast of the patronage of a peeress on a public occasion, and this particular magnate was in its own orbit, so to speak, the great lady of its own country. It could hold its own with Nettlethorp now. There was pulling of caps, and ducking of heads, there was pulling of wires too, and moving occultly of Heaven and earth for tickets for self and sells followings. Seapink was besieged, the beautiful Creamy way- laid, and Egbert Lodge inundated, There was a committee of course who had rather a bad time of it, but at length the last card was sent out, and impossible was the iterated negative with which further applications were met. The number agrees on filled up, and Sandycot's ball room was not elastic. Necessarily there were dis- appointments, and heart burnings, necessarily also there were mistakes, some omissions had been made, and some admissions which would have been better left out, but " The best laid plans of mice and men Gang aft agley, and Sandycot was so cosmopolitan so said Miss Prance, who had utterly failed in obtaining tickets for some very " recherche," she assured the secretary, friends at a distance. The new member for Oxminster had accepted an invitation. There had been a little doubt as to the propriety of sending him out, as Lady Albany's name headed the programme but Mr. Horseman having given his dictum that politics had nothing whatever to do with society, the discussion ended and Ned got his card. As usual in the country men were not over plentiful at Sandycot, and a ball without a full complement of the nobler sex was sure from a woman's point of view, to be wanting in its chief element of success; preponder- ance of pretty girls, and agreeable young married women, being the desired from a man's. The gentlemen, whose credentials were approved of, were urged to beat up recruits, and responded hopefully to the appeal. Curates were at a premium, and college youths were quoted at fancy prices. Mr. Green added the name of his whilom friend, Mr. Flags, to the list, and the cathedral town of Belchester promised a contingent of half blown ecclesiastics, and scholastic dignitaries. The shire militia were in training, and the general invitation sent to the regiment; having been accepted, all fears as to a coming short in male guests were at an end. When all was on trial Judy car trial the list of names home to show her cousins. Mrs Horseman had asked her to do so. TUG Squire had acceded to Judy's request to be present, but only for her sake he said and his daughters, who earned away by the novelty of the occasion, had each ordered a new dress from London. They had also sent for one for Judy, but this was to be a secret for the nonce. Mrs Aylmore who had ceased to talk about joining friends further south, furbished up a pretty grey satin, and wrote to Jay's for a cap of mitigated affliction. Judy said she would wear the dress she had intended for the Nettlethorp ball, as her cousins had given her their permission to make her part is in debutant Smdy cot. The scrutiny of the ball list called out much cavil, and exclusive exception, but Arabella took scarcely any part in the discussion. She listened abstractedly to the use of names called over by Sybella. " The Real. Mr. Flagg," said the latter, putting a stress on the name. ' I wonder who he is, I see he is vouched for by Mr. Green, some college intimate, I daresay. Well a man's a man in Sandy eat. However, one can always keep to one's one party, and remember this Judy, no promiscuous partners, you're not to consider yourself really out till you've been at the county ball." But Jud;.- did not hear. She had seen Mabella turn suddenly pale and much IVightoiud, - she was on the watch to go to her assistance if needed. Judy never gave way to sudden alarms., With a great sigh Mabella recovered herself, and then went quietly out of the room. Judy did not follow. The Squire came in with the Times. " Papa " asked Dulsie, " who is Mr. Flag! He is a clergyman. I fancy I have heard the name." " Likely enough," he replied, " he's Mr. Burley's curate, does duty at Preene, I believe ; a great noodle I am told. Judy's heart beat hard and fast as she carried the list back to Seapink. Mrs Horseman was out, only Elsie was in the drawing-room. " Elsie" she said, a little resentfully "I have not asked what you were doing about Cousin Mabella, for I felt sure you would do what would be right, but I want to know now. Mabella has something on her mind ; she is so changed, do tell me what is going to happen." Then Elsie told her. " We thought it best dear," she said, " to keep you in ignorance. It would not do to compromise your position with your cousin, you see, but as you have asked you have a right to know." OF said Judy, " that is why she nearly fainted when she heard Mr. Flagg was to be at the ball," and then Judy sat down and indulged in a good cry. "She will not go said Elsie, soothing the weeping girl. I knew Mabella well," replied Judy, drying her tears, " she went keep up this deception long. I am confident she will tell Dulsie, or me perhaps. Oh how I wish Cousin Egbert knew. It would be his death." " No Judy dear, it will be a severe shock to his pride, and his tender nature will be hurt, but sorrow does not often kill very old people, especially good people. You see worldly things become every day less real to them, their hold on earth less firm. Their heart becomes dead to the world, and more full of thoughts, and hopes, and joys, into which their very dearest cannot enter. It will pain him darling, but not kill him. He is a fine old man, of a noble, simple nature, and you will see he will act a grand part. It is for her I grieve. OF Judy how she will suffer." Judy looked very miserable. "Oh, this dreadful ball, I would rather it was a funeral, I would." Then Elsie comforted her friend. " Let things take their course now," she said, " they are working round to a denouement, meddling would only do mischief." Elsie was right. His daughter's unworthy conduct did not kill the Squire, but it cut him to the quick. That night she sought him in his little study and told him all her folly, already half repented of, throwing herself with bitter self-accusation on his mercy. It was long past mid- night before they separated, and then even in her turmoil, Mabella noted that her father's head was bent on his breast, and that he walked as if he wanted support ; but he put aside her offered arm, not unkindly, and crept away by himself. There was a painful ordeal to go through in the morning, painful for the Squire and his three daughters. He summoned them into his little study, and in a few simple words, de- precating any resentment or re- proaches, announced the foolish step that Mabella had taken. It was some minutes before Sj bells could be persuaded to listen to what her father had to say further ; it seemed as if she were the only injured person. Oulsie only wept. When silence was obtained the Squire said, speaking in a shaky voice, but trying bravely to stand up right and firm, " I have determined what I mean to do. Of course Mabella has done a very foolish thing, but we would be worse than foolish, even selfishly speaking, not to stand by her. I shall show my reverence for the old name, and my dignity, alike, demands it of me. She will need protection, too, and even the partial countenance of her family is the best protection a woman can have I therefore wish her to go to Egbert Hall and there receive Major Tyler. She must go at once. They can remain there until our time here is up, and then they can have the Lodge for their future residence, or until Major Tyler has provided another. I myself will announce the fact that he is my son in-law. No one need know that she married him without my sanction, though all must be aware that she could not have done so with my approval, for of course what is his motive is plain enough, and I am quite prepared to find that he was destitute of fortune as he has proved himself of honour. I have not asked Marbella any questions as to his birth, that I am convinced, from what I saw of him, will hardly add lustre to the Egbert shaky, and it is better so. The world naturally is not curious about the antecedents of obscurity. It is also a consolation to know that the blot Liberia has put upon our escutcheon cannot spread. The name she has taken will end with her." Vainly trying to keep back the bitter tears of mortification and dis s.ipoiutinciit, Mabella said, brokenly, " When you come to know him, sir, you will judge him differently. He might be so useiultoyou in managing the property ; but you are mistaken in one point, he comes of a very ancient French family." " I think," said the Squire, " we will not discuss the matter further at present, only let there be no misunderstanding as to the future relations between me and Major T; ter, for except as my guest for a short and specified period, he never enters Egbert Hail, that he must be made to understand. And now, dears," said the old man, trying to speak in his usual tone of affectionate friendliness, but the effort was evident and pitiful, the blow had gone home, " let there be peace among us I cannot be with you very long now ; do not embitter my few remaining days with dissen- sions. Sybella, and Cassie, for your father's sake, forgive Mabelle, and stand by her and you, Mahalla, be forbearing, for you have done the wrong." Then he kissed his daughters and went out of the room, saying he would tell " little Judy " himself. There was silence among the" sisters till the Squire's footstep? had died away in the distance, and t! in Dulsie rose and kissed Alabella, saying with a sob "But you might have trusted me, you know I always liked him." This was more than Sybella's mortal flesh could bear. "Dulsie," she cried, taking off the edge of her fell wrath on her sympathetic sister, "Dulcie, you are a fool, you always were, but that is why you like him perhaps ; fools and rogues have a natural affinity." " Sybella," said MaleiM, not without dignity, " you may say what you choose of me, but in my presence you shall not slander my husband. If you cannot show the same consideration my father has shown you can at least keep a silence." Sybella laughed, and her laugh was not pleasant. Pardon, Madame," she said, " ' they do these things better in France, is a common phrase, so probably the rogue's march the gallant Major has stolen on an honourable family is the distinguished manner in which his illustrious house takes to itself brides - bride forsooth !" her spite and jealousy boiling over, " ancient French family, indeed ! So ancient that chaos gave them their motto in cypher, and Adam their arms. You have got a man of metal, however, in your spouse, his father was an ironmonger." Mabella trembled with the effort she made to keep her naturally hot temper within bounds. " It is false," she cried in a husky voice. " The de Lillycrap were old noMesse, my husband's grandfather was a refugee, all the family papers were destroyed at the Revolution, and as they could not get back the old property they changed their name to Tyler. It was for his grandfather's political services that my husband got his commission. You are beside yourself with jealousy, Sybella, for you know very well you did all you could to get him for yourself." " Oh, sisters, sisters," exclaimed the weeping Dulsie, " remember dear father's words, and let there be peace among us. You are both too angry to know what you are saying, but I and say, Sybella, that Miss France is very scandalous It was she set the ironmonger origin afloat. I don't believe it. You yourself used to say how well-bred Major Tyler looked." " Nothing polishes like steel, was the jibing answer. " When the honeymoon is over, Madame will discover the fact that the Major has traded on that there are no fools like old ones," and Sybella swept from the room. " A woman scorned," said Mabella, bursting into tears, " Oh dear Mabella," sobbed Dulsie, " go to the Hall at once till she cools down. It would grieve dear father so to hear quarrelling, and she is so bitter. She will never be able to keep quiet. You have been looking ill, and no wonder, with all you have had on your mind. The rest will set you up, and the Major will enjoy the conservatory, I am sure. It is in such beauty now. I'll make you quantities of cuttings, and you can have a farmhouse here, so don't fret, Mabella, it will all come right, and it will be so nice to have a brother, but oh 1 do trust," and here Dulsie's hopeful future was suddenly overcast by a very pertinent fear, the outcome of an inner conviction, which had not before risen to the surface. " Oh, I do hope he will be kind to you," and at the bare possibility of the contrary her tears again flowed. CHAPTER XXVII. Of all the agonies in life, that which is most poignant and harrowing:, that which for the time annihilates reason, and leave our whole organisation one lacerated, mangled heart, 13 the conviction that we have been deceived where we placed all the trust of love In accordance with her father's arrangements, Mabella proceeded to Egbert Hall the following morning, there to await her bridegroom. Tim with his house, and her maid Tubbs, comprised her suite. But no impatient ardour filled her breast, no thrill of loving excitement passed through her heart. No vision of her hand- some fascinating husband, telling her the tale in the shady walks of the old place, he told her by the rippling tide looking down on her with his wonderful eyes so full of love, rose to cheer her lonely journey, i ! . reassuring hope of sheltering p came to console her as the train, dashing we bore her away for ever from the happy home-life of years full of peace and honour. A very woeful bride was Mabella. The ignominy of her position had begun to dawn upon her the terrible folly of her act was already casting portentous shadows on her future. She felt like an uncertain swimmer out of his depths, distrustful of his skill, and shuddering as the treacherous waters kissed his lips, The proud blood mounted to her brow as Svbella's words smote on her year, his father was an ironmonger.' With all the force of her will she refused them credence, but there is a force stronger than will in the human mind, and that is truth, a face that actively and passively asserts its presence, defying will with its armoury of sophistry, and skill of craft, to dis- lodge it. So the fact these few words, maliciously circulated by Miss France represented, went herne straight as an arrow to its aim, and there in the breast it was meant to wound, it rankled. In vain Mabella conjured up her whilom lover's ingenious pa ( gentry, of De Tillyer chateaux, and fair lands somewhere on the free flowing Loire, of gallant chevaliers and noble counts of revolution, destruction, and flight of the brave remnant to an alien shore, it was but phantasmagoria without even the shadow of earthly local habitation or name. It had been a stirring pleasant song in her ears, but even its echo would not ring now, for the un quickened conviction of the truth of her sister's words lay germinating in her heart. That hour's journey was a terrible experience to the deluded woman. The personal influence that had led her to her fatal act was not present to justify herself to herself, neither was its memory strong enough to console her for the loss of her father's respect, or to whisper compensation in the future. Silently, and unchecked, her tears flowed, till the little station of Nettlethorpe was reached. Then she hastily dried them, and drew her veil down. Tim, who had been callously sleep- ing off the effects of a parting feast of stewed kidneys given him by Judy, stretched himself on her lap, and yawned, then sat up in his usual attitude of general aggressiveness, and growled. Tubbs came to the door with a conscious simper on her face, and Mabella, gathering her favourite to her ample bosom, stepped on to the platform. She started back, it was lined with a little crowd, not of affectionate well- wishers, but of prying idlers. Her strange marriage and expected arrival had got wind in the gossiping little country town, by what means it would not have been difficult to trace ; the domestic telegraphy of servants is ubiquitous. Mabella understood it all. She became deadly pale, then drew herself up, and swept out as if in defiance. The station-master took off his hat I with what was meant to be a coat I gratulatory bow, and the porters doffed their caps, expectant of bridal l largess. As she reached the barrier gate a lad threw up his cap with a shrill " hurrah," which the mob, pressing forward, responded to with a yell. It required all her strength to keep in the struggling Tim, whose rage was too fierce to admit of more than a gasp for a bark. " Hurrah for the bride," they shouted. " Never too late to mend," cried a wag. " The aftermath is the sweetest grass roared another, send- ing up his cap with a whirl. A dozen caps followed suit, then a cheer as from one voice, drowned by the steam whistle of the starting train. Mabella's strength failed her. The leapt to the ground, and with the fury of a baited bull charged the mob. She turned like a hunted rabbit in. fascinated fear, and saw, as the train slowly passed out of the station, the windows of the carriage full of inquisitive 'faces, many of whom, with burning cheeks of shame, she recognised. i To be continued.) 