SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST FROII = A RELIGIOUS POINT OF VIEW. On a recent Sunday afternoon in London Professor H; Drummond delivered to a large and fashionable meeting, at Grosvenor House, an address on " Natural selection in reference to Christianity." He endeavored in a previous address to show that, far from being incom patible with religion, evolution was really the complement of Christianity ; that Christianity was the further, evolution, the carrying on of the process towards a- still further and nobler development.. He took a somewhat similar theme—natural selection, or, as Mr. Herbert Spencer, translated it .very aptly, the survival of the fittest. They were often told that, so far from religion being a question of the survival of the fittest, it was -the very opposite; that nature and religion here' parted company ; that while in nature the race was to the swift and the weak went to the wall, in religion the weak and heavy laden were helped, and the bruised reed was not broken. Yet ho thought the same law held for both—that in either case the fit, and' the fit; only, survived.^ . Illustrating the meaning of' the term " survival of the fittest" by • the case of the tadpole, which when the pond dries, -and.myriads of other organisms die, yet survives and develops into another creature, because it ,is surrounded with-- a mysterious apparatus which enables it to effect tliat'transformation under different vital condi tions, Professor Drummond said that .when.they came to-religion they found exactly the same state of matters, They found the world pass ing away, not only in the words of the Bible, but in the words of • science. They were now told by physicists that the mysterious tiling called ethereal friction was causing the earth to slow as it coursed round, the sun; that the orbit was getting smaller and smaller; that one day the centripetal would overcome the centrifugal motion; and that this' terrestrial ball with all its inhabitants would dash into the sun and be ground into millions of incan descent pieces. Then the elements should be dissolved witli fervent heat. _ Then the fittest would survive. If in anticipation of this change one here and . one there had deve loped a special apparatus for living- in another element there would be surviving. If in none that apparatus had been developed'the end of the world would be. the end of life—the goal of evolution. They wecre.not going to live to be witnesses of the great catastrophe, but in their own lives there .would be a catastrophe for all' practical purposes the same. At the dissolution of their bodies the ball in which they lived would, for them, cease to be, and those who had here in - their being somewhere an apparatus for living in an unseen environ ment, would survive, and they would survive because they were fit and not because they were worthy, for iio man was worthy of eternal life. The fittest surviving meant, not the worthiest, but the adapted surviving—those who in virtue of having this development were eligible for'-a-further and continued existence. They were told by many that all men at last would liave eternal life, that God was good,.and that it was, out of the questiomto conceive that any should not survive'.' He knew nothing .about- the survival; or non survival of those who had not this special, apparatus developing, ■ 'but tliey' had .little reason to believe that if a man had not developed in him the faculties for com municating with, the spiritual world he would have that kind of- life, at least, whatever his. immortality might be. '' He that hath not the Bon hath' not life." 1 God had -invited .every man. and-woman-to room© to Him -that "they - might have life, and'if'they resisted. that , invitation they could-!not dall back- upon ' generalities about God's goodness.1 - And ; instead- of it being more likely for a man to get these faculties aijtei-death, he was afraid it looked.as if the ehapce, diminished with every year.of life, Tliey;wei'Ktold,by many th&tjthe; future was se vague that they should just-take their chance; There' was,' no such thing as chanee.: It -was a • question: of the survival of fhe fittest,- and .uqlespai' pan'was fit he was , without the ghost- of a chance. Tllis was not ' an .arbitrary* enactment .on-,Go,d!s part—fit was not: a. question „ol..favoritism; ias- if some were selected and some ignored. It -was -a question of natural-law.' It- was' a natural selection, not a divine selection—a selection of those-whohad become fit, done by nature, not by God. As to what constituted fitness, in the first place they were told in the Bible that without holiness no man shall see the Loid. A man who had not the spiritual appai atus was an incomplete man—he was not holy, and to see the spiritual world a man must lie holy. They were also told in the Bible that "If a man loves .the world the love ' of the Bather is .not in him." The Bible did not say that it was a sin to love the world, but it was a loss. The man who loved the world was by that incapacitated from loving God. It was a question of taste, and religion wa3 the education of taste in that particular. The ' Christian was not to go out of the world, but he was not to love it—not to breathe it. Did the Christian, like to stay in the world ? No; he would like to depart and be with Christ, but there was more work for him to do, and he must stay, and when the apparatus for breathing a better world was complete,- when the last pearl was gathered, "Come up higher," would sum mon him away. Again, they were told, "If any man have not the spirit of Christ he is none of His." Only those who were fit. for that society could live in it—only those who were unworldly. A man to get into heaven, which was simply a select society, must have the family interest at heart. He must be cn rapport with the other members of the-family. There must be no incompatibility between them. These three things constituted fitness, and it was impossible to survive without them. Could they tell whether they were fit to survive ornot? Mustthey wait until the judgment-day, or was there to be a judgment-day at all?- He . did not think there would be any bar, or any trumpet, or the machinery pf a. human court. \- These would be unnecessary, because a man would know whether he was fit to live in that world the moment he was-brought into contact \- with it. The moment a man submitted his soul to God's friends he would see at a glance , instinctively whether he was fit to live in 'that company or not. The -moment lie came into contact' with Christ there was the judgment. Those he was addressing could know at that moment whether they were fit to survi ve.. It was not religiousness nor gdo'd worics that con stitute d. fitness. It was the possession of the mind of Christ, holiness, unworldiness. They who had these would survive—that was eternal • life. It was a beautiful life, it was the life they would like to have eternal,, the only life worth being eternal. They would see at once th.it the law of natural selection was a law which would keep heaven pure.. Its object was to produce fitness, not to keep some out, but to make clearer that those-who got in should be worthy of'it, should be pure, heavenly minded, , and unworldly. All men could be eligible if they would get into the environment suitable to the development of this fitness. T.a do-tliafc they must, in the first place, turn their backs upon the old environment, upon the world; : and, secondly, they must live in the new environment, or, in scriptural language, " Abide in Christ,", and - that environment would in itself produce 'these changes. There ' was an undeveloped bud in every one, and ■ they had only to abide' in Christ and 'it ' would grow into beauty and send its fragrance 'upon all around it., . ; ■ 