TOPICS OF THE WEEK. At the time we write there is reason to be lieve that the resolute attitude of the Imperial Government end the view of the vast preparations which it has set on foot have had the .result of bringing Russia to reason and inducing it to abandon all idea of a war, the prospects of which were not very encouraging to that huge, unwieldy, and loose-jointed dominion. The English Govern ment has from the first faced the difficulty in a manful way. There is no reason to doubt that in the resolution to concede nothing more to Russia than she conld win at the cost ot war, the Government and the people of the country, are ot one mind, and the action taken is the result of absolute unity of feeling between the nation and the Ministry. And it is action which in its scale, and comprehensiveness, and vigour goes far be I yond anything that has been called for at the hand of any English Ministry in our time. {The items of news we get this week refer to the stoppage of the attempts made by Russian agents in England to purchase swift cruising steamers-attempts which, perhaps, may be looked upon as mere brag-to the equipment of a powerful tieet for service in j the Baltic, the pushing on of an army of' 150,000 men to the Afghan frontier, the J arming by the Admiralty of a number of j swift steamers belonging to .the great steam, companies* and, finally, the tardy forwarding of a reply by Russia, which is described J | as one of pacific tenor. As to this there' will be, if the, Russian terms are in themselves acceptable, almost a senti ment of doubt whether, when all prepara tions are made, and everything in readi ness, it would not be as well to have the pending fight with Russia now, as at any other time, if it is really inevitable. It is an intolerable condition that Russia can, at any time, by the movement of a few divisions of troops, put a peaceful nation to the strain of an enormous outlay, and of a sense of uncer tainty akin to that of war. If peace is secured, it will be requisite to insist on the delimita tion of a definite frontier, the crossing of which will be equivalent to a declaration of war. Bat, in any case, if war46es not come now, it will be prevented by/the stem, firm front which the Imperial Government has opposed to Russian aggression, and peace obtained in such a way wUl be equivalent to a victory to one side, and a humiliating defeat to the other. flow wo&derfally; involved And complex U the web of our national destiny is signiiidantly illustrated by the view, of the fifth page of I The Argus of Tuesday, last. This teeined with e'vidence of the toilit&ry; Activity wMftb is "at present being urged on III every capital inAwjwalia. Wet^of tmtfdtftooepwwura ttonaiii Melbourne, BrfBb&na;, Adetaide, tnd 1 Hobaft,Showing that ©a&cdonyto; now toad at work preparing to meet the danger wM&i; mar atany time kabck at its gate. And why '* all this work being undertaken, and by what U it madenecessary? It ie all in cob sequence of the fact that the military caste of Russia cherishes a traditional ambition to achieve the conquest of India, and that Russian troops have been massed in large numbers on the north-west frontier of Afghanistan. So that we in Melbourne have to prepare for war, and hold ourselves in readiness to fight, that the northern node fined boundaries of Afghanistan may be secured against thi Russian aggressor. Or, take another case brought into prominence on the page of the Bame newspaper. We find ample space and law type devoted to the account of the arrival at 8uakin of the troops of New South Wales to light with the half-naked Arab levies of Osman Digna. What quarrel, it may be asked, have we with the fanatic tribes of the Soudan, and what matter is it to us whether they obey the rale of the Khedive or ot the Mahdif But oar Australian force do not askthatquestion, nor can we ask it either. They go to fight at the command of the fereat patriotic idea of British unity and British dominion. It is enough for them that they are striving to uphold the honour and security of-the Empire against whatever foes may assail her. Bat all this serves to give a graphic projection, so to speak, of the widespread complexity of na tional and imperial interests, and shows how little^ things have changed in this respect, save in the present enhugement of the scale of operations, since Macaulay wrote that in order that Frederic the Great "might rob a neighbour whom he had promised to defend, .black men iought on the coast of Coromandel! and red men scalped each other by the great lakes of North America." The defence precautions which have been taken by our own Government for theaecarity of the port are significant as showing the serious view taken of the position. They consist chiefly in the issue of an order by His Excellency the Governor, requiring all vessels from the outside seas arriving at the Heads between sunset and sunrise to anchor at Queenscliff till morning. Any vessels who disobey this order would do so at their peril, as torpedo lines have been laid down in the South and West Channels, allowing only small waterway for vessels. The position o£ these torpedoes is only known to the pilots, and only they could bring a ship through with safety. A gunboat has been sta tioned at the Heads to see to the proper carrying-out of this regulation. All this is directed to prevent us from being taken by surprise by the unexpected entrance of a vessel or vessels bent on mischief. Now, if they come they will find measures prepared for their proper reception. The considerations which specially commended these precautions to the Government were derived from Che known recent presence, of Russian war.veasela. at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Earning from Singapore as to the movements of a Russian ironclad. These warnings may mean little or much. The essential thing is that the danger, if it prove a reality, may not find us unprepared. And it is satisfactory to believe that the measures adopted by the Government have done, and are doing, much to secure this end. The New South Wales contingent has arrived at Suakin, and has been welcomed by their British and Indian fellow-soldiers with a cordial enthusiasm which proves once more, if proof were required, how very considerable an act was the despatch of the New South Wales force to the seat of war, and with what importance it was fraught to the unity and future of the Empire. We are told that they were received with hearty applanse and cheers, and that on their march to the camp they passed " along a road lined on both sides by British and Indian troops, who cheered the Australians all along the route." The contingent, we are told, is "immensely popular," and the physique of the men is greatly admired. They were in spected by General Graham, who, after giving them " a hearty welcome as comrades and brothers in arma who have come to share the perils and toils, and, I hope, the glories of this expedition," went on to ob serve in eloquent words " The heart of every Englishman beats responsive to the magnanimous spirit of the colonies-a spirit which knits us together as members of one empire, and all pledged her honour to main tain." The contingent has been attached to the Shropshire Regiment* and brigaded with the Guards, and was to join in the advance on Tamai. So that those who maintained that the gallant act of New South Wales was only a piece of sentiment, and that its aid would be quite useless, do not represent the views entertained! by the general to whose assistance they come. At any rate, it has given us all a new interest in the military achievements of the Kmptre, and we shall follow with a more intense attention the deeds of the . gallant soldiers of Britain in their war with the wild tribes of the desert now we know that among them are song 6i the soil of Australia who are giving theii labour and their blood to cement the unity and to maintain tbe greatmeasoi the Empiw of England. The fact that an Australian by rearing, ii J*** able a second time to defeat, ©telly a»id decisively, Ed ward Hasten, theOatifcdlaai*«iller, hi the dottiest for the of P&triotic; feii|^»#bHAia not confined to the colony of whtehB&fch; is a resident Itu ano&erstoMnfrtfesKttfeytotha; favourable in flttenctt ettrdsedJ^AusUftUaontbepl^w Of uM MAAIttniAH . .. -A-.. . * « and so great, that there waa a linger ing belief that his first defeat by Beach might have been due to some iluke, such as want of proper preparation or of proper condition. No such doubt remains now. Nothing could be more manly and straight forward than Hanlan's public recognition of the fair, and honourable, and decisive cha racter of the victory won by the Australian champion. Indeed, llanlan's speech was, in every sense, a very good one, and in ex cellent tone and frank cordial spirit, such as befits a man who was for some years the premierathleteof the world in rowing matters. It will thoroughly uphold the estimate, in which the Canadian champion has always been held for genuine manliness. It is im possible to look on a victory of the kind that was gained on Saturday on the Parramatta lliver as one interesting only to lovers of sport. It shows what has been shown be fore in so many other ways, that the qualities of bone and muscle and physical endurance, which must always underlie as a foundation all intellectual and moral vigour in a people, are not likely to be lost to the Anglo-Saxon race in the genial but certainly not relaxing climate of Australia. Mr. Berry has thought it necessary to make a speech, which, though delivered to a depu tation, was really addressed to his constituency at Geelong, vindicating his claims to be con sidered a good local representative. It seems that, though Mr. Berry is always engaged in labours to advance the interests of his town by aid from the public resources of the colony, his efforts are not appreciated, and Bomebody else cleverly contrives to secure to himself all the credit of this local beneficence exer cised by Mr. Berry at the general expense. The result of all this is that Mr. Berry's great heart is at present torn by mingled emotions. He told hisaudience that he " had come toGee long with mixed feelings." Geelong, he says,'' is the only place represented by a Cabinet Minister which did not appear to appreciate its representative. He did not run to news paper offices to get paragraphs inserted about what he had done, but he wanted credit for what he did do." His remarks Bhowed that though he had an objection to go to a news paper office to get paragraphs inserted about what he had done, he had no objection to deliver a speech in enumeration of his local services. He declared that " when matters affecting the interests of Geelong were brought before the Cabinet he had always advocated their claims." Then he went on to recite a melancholy litany of important services he had rendered to his ungrateful constituents, with the wailing refrain, " Others took the credit for the vote." " He asked," he said, " for nothing that was not right and fair," but so con vincing were the rightness and fairness of all the claims of Geelong that that town " was better served than other places." And still a rival member monopolised all the credit. Now all this is very sad. Because eo far as Mr. Berry's account of his local eervices went it seemed quite a just one, and oniy to err from incompleteness. We saw no reference to the master-stroke of his local political career. It might have been thought that a Minister who had accom plished the feat of buying up at a great price, and with money contributed by other colo nies, the right to destroy vineyards infested with a plague which made them quite worthless, and is now member of a Govern ment which has granted a board to inquire if the infested vineyards may be replanted, ought at least to be secure against such charges as those which we regret to hear are vexing the great heart of Mr. Berry, of having treated his district with indifference and neglect j It must be very soothing to minds which are sometimes excited to rebellion by the stern demands of science to reflect on the pleasant retreats always open to them in those regions of mild credulity and child-like folly to which the jurisdiction ot science does not extend. To one so driven to revolt, how delightful it must be, for in- stance, to stroll through the spiritual exhi- bition which has been open this week, to see and even to touch the curiosities pre- sented, the "materialised" gifts from the spirit world, the drawings executed by "spirit influence," the "materialised hair" of a spirit, "spirit photographs," and the gentle believers who nourish their spiritual nature by the sight of those sacred relics. To see all these things and to talk with the blameless devotees of this odd faith, to hear of their habitual conversation and association with hovering spirits, would seem like an escape from all the hard, intellectual trammels of science and reason into a plea- sant, languid land, where mild folly reigned supreme, and infantile prattle was the only spoken tongue. Good Mrs. Guppy, who used a few years ago to fly over half London from one back parlour to another, not on a broom stick, but by some spirit agency, probably some ghost of a winged courser of the days of myth, was represented at the exhibition by some drawings, at which believers gazed with the reverence which might, in other quarters, be evoked by a sight of a bit of the true Cross or by the liquefaction of the blood of St. Januarius. Poor, persecuted Dr. Slade, one of the martyrs of the modern faith, con tributed some drawings and inscriptions on slate which, it was held,'were executed by some first-class spirit of most unblemished repute. How all this, as we said before, presents to those jaded by the conditions of modern life a seductive retreat to a world where it is always afternoon, where natural law has no power, logic no authority, evi- dence no meaning. Well may the Victorian Association of Spiritualists, on whom life presses with so light a weight, assemble, as they have done this week, and indulge them- selves in, their spiritual recreations, with musical drama, and operetta, and a ball, knowing all the while that swarms of friendly, though ungrammatical spirits surround them and shed sweet influence down. $ir Henry Parkes has^acceeded in emerging ' Wm tttei^alchM to which Hi; Dalle? ora-' torically consigned him, but he did it by little more than the skin of his teeth. He chose his own ground, daubed himself of the most orange hue to secure the votes of an associa tion which he believed had the election in its hands, lavished the most rancorous abuse upon his opponents, and the issue is that in an election at which 1,591 votes were polled, Mr. Osborne, new as he is to politics, comes within 41 votes of those given to the winning candidate. So that Sir Henry Parkes, after fighting his election most unscrupulously, and flinging mud about in a way he has never surpassed, oniy avoids defeat, and comes hack to political life in a not very glorious fashion. It is very probable that he will soon find his antiquated notions of selfish isolation aa a policy for New South Wales altogether out of place in the new life that the colony has entered upon, and will speedily regret the cool, peace ful cemetery retreat, wherein he was "quietly inurned," and which in an unwise moment he made the mistake of deserting. Sir Henry thought he could come upon the Ministry like "a ghost to trouble joy," but the prospect of his doing so effectually is very dim, and before long he may think with longing of the silent retirement which a mistaken estimate of his powers and his hold on the country induced him to quit.. The wonderful carvings on the Sydney General Post-office serve that community in something the same function that the ampu tated tail of Alcibiades'dog performed to the citizens of Athens. Tbey are, if not a joy, at any rate a subject of discussion for ever. They are always cropping up in debate, and preserve an eternal freshness as matter of aesthetic controversy. They help in time of trouble to divert the attention of the public from subjects of worry or perplexity. It is not impossible that some Ministry may Bome day protract its term of existence by skilfully turning attention from its faults or shortcomings to the always attractive topic of the amazing carvings which have fulfilled Mr. Bamet's designs and received his high approval. During a discussion which took place last week in the Legislative Council about these matchless carvings, the interest ing fact was stated that one member was in possession of evidence that " these carvings had led to the colonists' taste for art being depreciated." On the other hand, many mem bersexpressed themselves as strong admirers of the sculptures, and said that they were much admired by many of the public. So that evidently a local artistic cult is being evolved in Sydney, the creed and articles of which are that the hideous carvings of the post-office are things of beauty. This iB a very curious local development, and its pro gress will be watched with some curiosity. A community whose ideas of the beautiful in nature and art were fully embodied in those grotesque stone monstrosities, to which they occupied the same relation that the Phidian marbles in the frieze of the Parthenon did to the people of Athens 2,300 years ago, would, indeed, be a strange aesthetic outcome of all the ages, and a very odd result of time, in deed. The question of the disabilities, if any, im posed on the Speaker of a Parliament by his obligations of impartiality was discussed the other night in the New South Wales As-1 sembly, in the shape of a motion of censure on Mr. Speaker Barton,'for attending and taking part in a public meeting given to the { Ministry. As to the motion itself it is un necessary to say much. It was moved and seconded by two notorious members who carried less moral weight and authority than any other members of the House, and there fore it could not have been more weakly sup ported. The notion that Messrs. Buchanan and M'Elhone felt .called upon by high con siderations to protect the hononr of the House and the impartiality of the Speaker was too absurd to deserve any atten tion at all And as to the question itself it was apparent that tlje opinion of the House was unanimously, with the exception of the two members, decidedly against the motion, and against imposing such aprohibition on the freedom of the Speaker as its adoption would imply. The principle laid down in the motion was, in fact, too foolish for argument Here was a great occasion, the appeal to the opinion of the public on the Soudan policy of the Go vernment, one which was taken advantage of by citizens of all grades and all shades of public feeling to express their approval of the act of the Ministry, and to make it the act of the colony. The Chief Justice was there in his capacity of a citizen, and moved an important re solution. The questions under considera tion were some which transcended all the ordinary lines of party division. There was no principle, no precedent, no rule, no reason for preventing the Speaker from taking part in the meeting and giving its resolves the authority of his presence and approval. It is gratifying to see that Parliament recognised | the unwisdom of multiplying prohibitions,' that it held that except on cause shown the j claims of personal liberty must prevail, and that it snuffed out the motion und its pro moters in a very decisive fashion. When the time comes that communities are able to bring the same practical sense to bear upon politics that tbey show with regard to other matters, it wiU seem very strange to them that a number of people engaged in business should wait upon a Government with suggestions as to the amounts of overcharge they should be per mitted and aided to make on tbe articles they sell, so as to yield them a rate of profit which they would consider quite satisfactory and sufficient. For this is what a number of Adelaide manufacturers did tbe other day in S^bmitting what they called a revised tariff to the South AustrftlUmGovemment. . This and nothing else. They, pf course, dis guised tWa object by the use of some of tbe phraseology which exists in large treasure nadir to band for w cn these occasion*. j But all that they said came to this, that they did not at present make so much profit by their work as they would like to do, and as they would if the Government would shut out imported goods by the imposition of duties to the amount they suggested in a draft tariff they submitted. In other words, they laid before the Treasurer a statement of the amount of duties they would like the Go vernment to levy on the public for their benefit This seems an audacious thing to do, but this is nevertheless what they did. Now, it is easy to concede many of the premises of these claimants. It is quite likely that they do not make the rate of profit which they would like, and which they are satisfied that they deserve. But they are not alone in this conviction. The condition of being insufficiently re munerated for work done-insufficiently, , that is to say, from the point of view of those ; who receive this remuneration-is not limited to the Adelaide manufacturers. If these gentlemen were to make inquiries, they would be surprised to find how widely this feeling extends. They might learn something on this subject by inquiring into the opinions of the South Australian miners who have been thrown out of employment, and of the mineownere who have had to close their mines because it was actually impossible to work them at the present rate of return. They would learn something, again, were they to inquire among the farmers of the colony, who, being reduced to great straits by the bad harvests of several years, now find a fair harvest accompanied by such a j low rate of prices that they can scarcely find a market Yet it is on these classes and others like them that the Adelaide manufac turers wish to impose a tax which would increase to them the cost of living and the cost of production, and would as a con sequence still further depress the value of their at present unremunerative products. We have received in pamphlet form the continuation of the correspondence between the Government of New South Wales and the Bank of New South Wales, a perusal of which shows that the writer of -the letters on behalf of that banking institution upheld the pithy and racy character of his epistles to the last Indeed, the evident zest and verve with which he seems to have indited his correspondence goes to suggest that the discontinuance of «iU business connexion with the Government, and of atl epistolary relations with Mr. Dibbs, will make a great blank in the writer's life. It would, indeed, almost appear that the writer whose name is attached to the letters had some inspiring genius looking over his shoulder prompting him, and bidding him " Be curst and brief; it is no matter how witty, so it be eloquent and full of invention. Let there be gall enough in thy ink," and so forth. In one of his letters he expresses the surprise of his board that the Colonial Treasurer could " calmly" write as he had in a former letter, and adds, " That leisurely way of injuring and inconveniencing and keeping the bank out of its money may be gratifying to yourself, but it is not creditable to the Government" The writer is, indeed, so overcome by the feel ings with which he read the letter sent by direction of the Treasurer that he can only imagine that it is inspired by a most Macchiaveliian design, and charges the Treasurer with " intentionally endeavouring to provoke us into a very objectionable style of correspondence." How far the writer was from desiring to trench in the least degree on anything objectionable is shown in another sentence of his letter, where he tells Mr. Dibbs that "it Beems to my directors that you are wantonly trying to do a bitter and serious injury to our con stituents and to the borrowing public." These letters are interesting as throwing a new light on banking psychology. The be lief, perhaps, already existed in some quarters that on occasion banks could be hard, and stern, and stony-hearted. But the view of a bank as a corporation and board of directors suddenly breaking out into a lively and excited correspondence containing much bitter, and angry, and quite unre strained sarcasm and abuse, as little ap propriate to a bank as the sender as to a Treasurer as its recipient, gives us a new and unexpected glimpse into the souls of la haute finance, and shows us how very human man kind is after all. It is satisfactory to see by the files of Indian papers with how reasonable and resolute a spirit the threatening demonstra tion of Russia on the frontier of Afghanistan is viewed by the Anglo-Indian press. The determined action taken by the Government is warmly approved, and is seen in its full significance as virtually presenting an ulti matum to Russia which leaves the issue of peace and war wholly in the hands of that power. And they appear to agree in the belief that Russia would not be willing to take up the challenge. That some day a rush may be made on Herat, with a view of divert ing means of defence from the simultaneous rush which will be made on Constantinople, the real objective point of Russian ambition, iB thought quite likely, but it is not believed that it will come this time. And it is gra tifying to Bee these journals give such effec tive answer to the crayen fears of those who, with the besetting English love for the worst view of .the future, delight in believing that the population of. Hindostan only requires to hear the roar of the Russian guns to burst into mutiny. The Lahore Tribune on this! subject says" It is quite a mistake to think that in the event of an advance of a Russian army there will be something like a general rising in India. There is no reason what ever to apprehend this result. The expe rience of the mutiny is a complete answer to (his. Neither the princes nor the people of India joined the rebels during the mutiny. On thecontrary, they did their best to help the British -Government" It is too often forgotten that the mutiny in India was a military mutiny, and nothing more,, and that it was not a national mowmaat in any war.' So that, on the whole, the Anglo-Indian papera Bupply more comforting and more manly reading than much that is written on this subject in the English press. It is interesting to rfead the account sent by the London correspondent of The Argus of the gratification with which the offers of military aid by the colonies were re ceived in England. The correspondent shows that the prompt acceptance of the New South Wales offer was wholly on the initiative of the Ministry, which saw the importance of the matter at a glance. The metropolitan papers, while praising the colonies, were at first disposed to hold that the national dignity precluded acceptance of the offer, but when it became known that the Government had actually accepted it their tone at once changed. Light is also thrown on "the different reception given by the Government to the offers of New South Wales and Victoria. Mr. Dalley made a clear definite offer of a certain number of men of stated kind, and to be landed for immediate service at Suakin on a day named. Mr. Service, on the other hand, Bent to the agent-general a vague, undefined, contingent and hypothe tical offer, conditional on " if England values assistance of colonies in Egyptian campaign," in which case the agent-general was to say " Victoria is ready to do her part as integral portion of the Empire." This " unhappy phraseology," as the correspondent calls it, was not considered definite enough for business, and the Colonial Office replied that a more detailed offer would be de sirable, and it was in reply to this that the definite offer of the Victorian Govern ment was sent All this goes to make it clear bow it is that all the prestige and credit for the whole matter went un divided,and deservedly, to New South Wales. But the offers of the colonies were seen at home in the fall light of their importance, and in the country, the press,the Parliament, and in the papers of European countries the opinion was strongly expressed that a great step had been taken towards the real federa tion of the Empire. 