CHAPTER II. iwaa SHE KESRHTEB A few hours lato? found Leonard Prosaor I and hiscompanion, tho little Irishman, seated in Mr, Pollard's oflloa at Marranga, and Tady jubilant over tha fact of that gentleman Doing still % resident of that neighborhood. Ha had introduced hia young master, and given the J.P. & aketoh of hia doings during hia abaanca from Australia, and now he was Rieodlly inquiring as to the eventa of tho last twelve yeftva in quiet Marrauga. " And BO you tell ma that a pick has never been struck iu them olaima ainoe, Mr. Pol lard ? " " Not einoa our poor friend's exhumation, Tady. None of the olaima had paid well, you know, and they were abandoned after that awful murder. Evon yon wont, Tody." "Iwint, yea," tho irishman said aggress ively ; " hut 'twaan't on account of the bad prospect, for we had tho beat in No. '2, but on aooount of the place gettin* a bad name-you know that yourself, air." " Yes, a story of the olaim being haunted got abroad, and every Bhaft was deserted; but aa I aaid before, there was not muoh tempta tion-no lead was over found." " I don't know that," obstinately assarted Tady," I had a fool, of a mato. or I believe wo were on tho right traok. An' thin' I got tho master's letter callia' homo to look &ftker; Mr. Loonard hero." "Ho means my father," explained tho young gentleman. "You must know that Tady and I are foster brothers, and hia jaunt out to the diggings waa an eaoapade of which hia frienda did not approve." " Well, I'm back again in spite of 'em," eaid Tady; and now, Mr. Pollard, tell Mr. Leonard tha story-bo one knows it bettor nor your self." "It^waa'a sad'atory/'itho pleasant-looking, middle-aged gentleman went on, as he pushed the wino toward his now friend, young Leonard; " and agreat Bhook to me personally waa tho death of my friend, Colonel St, Herriok, It ia about fifteen years ago now, I think, since ho first settled hero with a wife, as beautiful aa an angel, and a son who died shortly after their arrival at Mar. r&nga.; " The colonel had soma independent means, and built the liouso known yet aa St. Hor riok's on tho ground he purohaaed; but when, Bomo years aftor, tho gold fever found ita way to Marranga, he waa one of tha firot who sunk a abaft and found, as hg considered, suf ficient indications of tho pteoioua metal to induce further efforts. "For some time, however, ha could not eaweed;in inducing anyone to join hlm,thefew residents being ocaupied in farming, or busi ness of one kind or other, and the place hav ing not yat beoome known sufficiently to en oourago regular diggora. At last, howover, thei Colonel oaina to ma one day in great spirits with the news that ho had employed a man who had accidentally called in travelling toward tho Murray. .>- " . ^ _somQ time, however, before St. Jierriek tola me that he had been previously and unfavorably acquainted with Dan Lyons, an{*when the facts came out and wore made public there wore many who wondered that my inend would have ventured on such a step as permitting the man to work as his partner, na well as' become an inmate of his homo. The facta appeared to be that in Ireland, through the evidence of St, Herrick, Dan Xjyons had been sentoneed to ten years penal servitude for shooting with intent at a land baihff, whom ho was obnoxious to, and that the evidoneo was never forgiven, the murder of poor St, Herriok was a proof," " It was Dan LyonB, thou, who committed the foal dead ? " Leonard questioned. " Undoubtedly, though the wretoh has ob oaped and baffled justioe. It was Lyons him self that gave tho alarm that No. 1 claim had fallen in. You remember that, Tady ? " ' " Av cooi'iio, I mind it well. There was a regular hullabulloo when ho kem to No. 2 soreeohin' that the alaim was fell in an' that the Colonel was below. There was only four shafts an' half of 'em deserted, and round about No. 1 way bo druv wid drives that we know twas unsafe to stand anear whore the great gap of ground fell in. The way 'twas done at last was by putting a drive in from No. 4, an' it took us three days to do it " "Ave," responded Mr. Pollard, "three tor ribld days for tho poor widow who would nope to tho last, though wo all knew that the Oolonal must have perished for want of air shortly after the ground fell in. Lyons pre tended to be one of tho most aotivo workers, but ha wasVin reality retarding tho searoh, and no disappeared from the moment that St. iierriok s corpse was seen with a nota- book other"" B ned hand a P°aoil ^ the _" Tha poor fellow jhad left evidence against hia murderer ?" "Yes. In the few scrawled words written In darkness and in the oppression of death, ? Lyons had ont away the props and told him of the revenge ha had planned i M i,ra .,1(i or? escaped himself, and whue the soil was slowly settling dbwn ba tween him and hia viotim, There was no more but a blessing on his wife and his un bom babe." "Wo saw the littlo girl to-day," Leonard said, and ho rolated what had passed botween Resignation and them, " Bhoia r lovely girl," ha added, " but looks very delicate." "Sho has grown up with tho vory shadow ! of tho grave on her," Mr. Pollard returned. ihe very name givon her was tha last that aiionld liavo been elioeen, for her mother has never been and nover 'will be resigned. She nourishes a morbid idea that Bomehovv and some day sho will see her husband's mur dorer brought to justice here on the spot where ho died, and tho dead fathor is al most the sole Bubjeat of conversation botween her and hor littlo girl." " Whero do they live now ?" Tady asked. "In a little house I had built for them after tho GOIorbI's death. On his affairs being settled it was found that there was but a few hundreds left aftor the house and land was paid off. St. Herrieks being put in the ! (X m' cif0?#1*'.1,' and offered to take Mr a. St. Herriok as a tenant, but she d* olarea it would be Impossible to remain where sua had been so happy, and where every. £ remind hor of her dead husband, so I built the cottago whero they now live: it ia on the slope above the old place, Tady: you will remember it ? " " Yes, air, well." "The property has been a loss to me," the good man oontinued, " for a story of its being haunted stood in the way of its beina occupied. Now, however, I havo just secured a tonant whose profession ought to prevent him "BU"orakltieua terrors from affecting " What is he ?" "By hia dress, I should say a membor of Br-SfiR£∧ hl"mothor ofUIa " Ho has a family, then ?" " A mother and sister, and one serving man, &b; fRr as I oould Bee, And now about yourselves, You really mean to attack the old ground again, Tady ?" " Wi' the help o' God. I'm as sure as I gAg " e°l« '» ar!* m 't k°PQ there may be, for your anke, topiU np^»°nft 8 '°0, ^era aro y°n 6°'nS i "Jn h,°i:e5' for tllQ present, Mr. Pol. a " I muat kave a look at theea wonderful claims before I decide on entering on the life of a digger, for I must oonfess that I don't at all share Tady's cer tainty of a golden olaim." " More shame for you to say it," oried Tady, angrily, as ha got nn from h/a eeat: m- y?u rQ 0 wo "ftV0 no timo to lose, Mr. Leonard,' " We had proposed a visit to tho claims," young Prossor explained. " It is not a loag walk, I believe." 14 " About half a mile only. Stay, Mr. Proa SOE j if you have no objaotion, I will walk with you. It is years smoo I saw the place, wluoh has, as you may suppose, sad rccollec tions for mo." It was a lovely spring afternoon; and as tha trio crossed Iloban Greek and mounted the slope beyond, it was an almost simul taneous impulse that slackened their steps to admire the scene around them. Tho nlidinff wators of the creek, glistening among ita fringes of sweat-scented flowering wattle; the stately Mount Iioban, heaving up his huge sides laden with their wealth of forest, flushed in tha warm, bright sunbeams; the sweep of fair paaturo, dotted for miles with oontant sheep and cattle, until lost in the 0 , ^iQ distance-all formed as sweat a landsoapo as Leonard Prossor had ever gazed upon, "It is lovely," ho said, "and so different from what 1.fancied. My idea of Tady's diir gtoga waa of something wild and rough, and not of a loveliness such as this." Tin"t03 you will sea something moie like what you expected, Mr. Prossor," observed the J.P. » The gully ia even wilder now than when you left it, Tady. Tho curse of shad blood seems to bo on its very grass." laming to the right they passed the over grown garden that surrounded the dwelling known as « St. Herrieks," and then entered a gully wild enough to fulfil all Leonard's dreams. It seemed to be a cleft in the hilla down whioh the dry track of a wintor torrent, and up the sloping sides of \yhioh str»CBlinR trees grow, and wild foliage flourished rankly. Hero and thero were broad level spots that had been swept in winters gone by from the green lull sides, and toward one of theso lovol pl8°es the steps of Mr. Pollard turned. A spot that looked weird enough to justify all that Mr. Pollard had said of it, where the grass vainly struggled to hide the sunken level and the thrown tip heaps that denoted tho place where they had dug to recover tho body of a foully-murdered man. Huge trees with, out one sign of leafy verdure on thorn stretched their Weak, oroo&cd; limbs ovot it as if jp warning and guard, and among the scarred hard noil, where no grass would grow, a few b?lm, Wllh Uohen« having long t^ndriU down thei* oaverooaa depths, denote! where tha deserted shafts of the long ago miners had been, " Is this at all liko what you expected, Mr, Leonard?" tha gentleman asked, as he paused on the edge of tha sunken level. " It ia worse," almost whispered the young man, while Tady gased around him vrith horror. " I scarooly wonder that men would be unwilling to work hero, evon for gold. What do you say, Tady ? " " I don't know what to say, sir; there's an awful change here Bura enough, and they say that a curse will always lie where a man Iibb been killed. What happened the trees, Mr. Pollsrd? Thoy were flue box trees twolve years ago." , " There was a bush fire that,ihelpad the desolation, I beliove, Tady. Oau you point out your old olaiiu ?" " For auro, Bir. Tho Oolonel's No. 1 was here whero the ground's low, and onr's was that one beyant there, where the green thing is swinging about." They advanced to [the edge of Tady'a old shaft and looked down into tha darkness. Leonard lifted a stone and throw it down, and as it. splashed into hidden water the Irish man shuddered as if a cold wind had struok fcjrn. "I think your'gold-digging at Marrauga will never be resumed, Tady," young Prosser said. " There is water down there, and a flooded claim is no joke to tackle. At all events, I resign on tho spot all interest in Ho. 8, it would seem to mo like digging in a grave." " Tho place of graven has not always been respsoted in the search for gold in our new land," observed Mr. Pollard, " but let us go j I own I shall be glad to get away from this melancholy spot." "What was I sent hero for at all ? " mur mored tho Irishman discontentedly. "Day an' night I was dreamin' of it for eleven year; warnius of all sorts, I had to comeback again to tha ould place; what was it for if 'twas not for the goold ? " " Maybe 'twas to moot tho priest, Tady," Leonard said smilingly. " la this your now tenant approaching, Mr. Pollard ? I should judge qo from his dross." " Yes, it is he," replied Mr. Pollard, as he paused to speak to tha clergyman who was approaching. Father Jatnca was a man so strange iu form and movement as to draw the ayes of both Leonard and his foster-brother closely upon him; he was tall and gaunt i» make, and his long, priest-like blaak coat hung so loosely around him as to suggest a doorcase in built since it had been made for him. Indeed, the faoe, showing palely under tho broad brim of the olerical hat that was drooped over it, was that of an invalid-the white, hollow, close shaved oheeks, the great, snnkon dark eyesj with-tho blue oiroles round them, suggesting a far from perfect state of health. On meet ing him Tady, with the usual respcct o his countrymen for their olergy, made him a respectful reveronce, that was acknowledged by a curt nod as the stranger stopped to speak to his landlord. " A strange looking man aud a Biokly one, I'should say," obaervod Leonard when they had separated by soma steps. " He belongs to Borne foreign order I think- eh, Tady ? " " Aye, sir, tho dress is different from our clergy ? but what oyos he has-they Beemcd to look right through mo. an' I declare it seams to mo aa if I'd scorn em before some where." «' Maybe you did, Tady. There were two or three continental prioats at (Jorbally col lecting for some charity last summer," [ " I was none of thorn, Mr, Ijeonard, for I never lost a mass while they were thero, an' I seen 'eta all." " I don't think you ever lost a mass if you could holp it, Tady. What will you do here ? I understand there ia no chapel hero." " No 1" replied Tady viciously, "it'e mostly Protestants that are at Marrauga - the hathons; I bog your pardon, Mr. Leonard, I was forgottin' you v/or ono, but you must own that if there wero as many Oatbolioo about, the place wouldn't be without a ohuroh or chupol, Wall, I'm glad, anyhow, that there is a priest. If ho'a in orders 'twill bo a great comfort to mo." They wero now rejoined by Mr, Pollard, whose pleasant countenanoo had a broad smilo on it as they moved on, Tady falling, as ho always did, a little in the rear. You havo heard something pleasant from our olorioal friend ? " said Leonard, " I don't know that it was oxaotly tho agreeable nature of what Father James told me that tickled me, but it was tho idea of Paddy's sensations when ha hears it. What do you think the priest told me, Tady ? " "He wouldn't tell you anything bad, any how," tho Irishmen ropliad stoutly, " Of ooureo not, but something very uuos cotod. What do you think he ia going to o, Mr, Proaser ? " " I oan't guess." " He is going to opoil up tha old ground wo have just been inspecting. Ho is going over to sea it now. He says that ho liaa & man with him who knows tho ground, and who has & great opinion of the proepeots in No, 1 beforo it was abandoned, and lie's going to taka possession of that claim. What do you think of that, Toddy ? " "I'll tell you what I think I" cried Connor, triumphantly. "I think that prieat or no priest ho won't got No. 2 olaim, for I'll go back and peg it out this raiunit I By Jove, wo can set all tho ghosts in tho country at defiance now when there's a olorgyman in tho ground, an' we'll tako plinty ov gold back to ould Oorbally yet afther all, Mr, Leonard 1" 