Hums oi Cablegraphic. — Our latest -cable- I crams announce tbe betrothal of H.R.H. Princess Beatrice to Prince Battenberg, and a further advance of tbe British troops in the souaan. New Year's Eve. — A more beauti ful night than tbat which, brought 1SS4 to a close, and ushered in its successor, could not possibly be conceived. Not a cloud was to i>e seen, the streets were bathed in the silvery tight of the moon and innumerable stars snmHUated in the dark blue vanlt of heaven. It was almost as light as day, the atmosphere was delightfully cool, midnight services were held in tbe various churches, and until a late hour, the - streets were thronged with people, many of whom ignored their couches in order to see tbe old year out and the new one in. The near approach of the latter was first indicated by a grotesquely arrayed quartette in a donkey cart, who, very inappropriately -on such a beautiful night, sang "Wait till tbe clouds roll by," and made the night hideous by some attero pts at instrumentation, in which they were imitated by an apparently broken-winded cornet player, who, on his own account, tried to remind his unwilling hearers that "auld acquaintance" should not be forgotten. The Chicago Band could be heard playing oppo site the Commercial Hotel ; but, on account of one of its members having suffered a severe bereavement, the Fire Brigade Band did not turn oat. Some members of the Brieade proposed to ring in the New Year, but wiser counsels prevailed, as it would have been a scandalous proceeding, calculated to disturb the Divine services that were being per formed, and for many, turn a period of re joicing into one of alarm. Although there were plenty of crowds abont, and much fun, the welcome given to 18S5 was not marred, bo far as we know, by any unseemly rioting ; and we trust tbat a year so ushered in will be a happy one for all of us. Bace Meetings are to be held at Coleraine and Croxton to-day, and as these are the only advertised meetings, they are almost certain to bo well attended. The entries for the Coleraine meeting are very numerous, some excellent racing may be looked forward to, and as the first event is not to start until 1 p.m., there will be ample time for Hamtitonians to reach tbe course without having to start too early. With respect to the Croxton meeting, it will be the first held there, and every effort has been made to ensure a successful gathering. As the distance is only about ten miles from town, and a splendid road all the way, tbe attendance will, doubtless, be so large as to encourage tbe committee in making the race- meeting an annual fixture. The Officer Exhibition. — As the time is approaching when candidates for the above valuable presentation must send in their applications, we venture to call atten tion to the matter. The competition is open to all boys in any of the State schools in the electorate of Dundas who are under 14 years of age, and who have been for one year in attendance at tbe school they hail from. A double chance of success presents itself in the circumstance tbat Mr. Begg offers an exhibition of equal value to Mr. Officer's, which will be awarded to the lad who shall secure the second highest number of marks. The examination to qualify is an easy one, based upon the usual subjects with which the higher classes of pupils in State schools are familiar ; so tbat there ought to be plenty of competitors. Full particulars will be found in the advertisement issued by the Chairman of Examiners. An Exhumation Demanded. — On the 18th December a youth named George Mitchell died at Casterton, but as Dr. Smith gave his certificate to the effect that the cause of death was rapid phthisis, the authorities did not consider it necessary to interfere. On the 10th November tbe boy bad been operated upon by Drs. Scott and Chambers for, it is alleged, hydatids, and the parents ot tbe deceased feeling dissatia- 1 fied have, through their solicitors, Messrs. Samuel and Horwitz, made a formal demand for the exhumation of tbe body, and an in quest. The request was referred by the Attorney-General to the coroner, who has supplied Air. Kerferd with all the informa tion in his power, and it will now be for Mr. Kerferd to decide upon tbe application. It may be added tbat Dr. Scott is only too anxious for a searching investigation to be made. Postal Notes. — Anew money-order system has been initiated which promises to be largely availed of. Hitherto persons wishing to send money away by post have, as a rule, done so by obtaining money-orders . for which they have been called upon to pay a fee'of 6d, or by sending crossed cheques. The money-orders are only payable on the office on which they have been drawn, and this sometimes Has given rise to incon venience. Under the new system, postal notes will be obtainable for any amount up from Is to £1, and these, like bank notes, will be a legal tender at any money-order office in the colony. The charges for these notes will be, viz. Of Is or Is 6d, one half-penny ; 2s np to 4s 6d, -one penny ; 5b or 7s fid, two pence ; 10s up to 20s, three pence. The denominations of these notes have been so arranged that any sum of shillings and sixpences up to one pound maybe transmitted by means of not more than two notes ; bnt If any person desires to transmit broken amounts of pence, he may affix unobtiterated stamps, not exceeding 5d in value, on the back of any one postal note, and the amount of tbe note, with the valne of stamps affixed to it, will be paid. Thus it will be cheaper to send money away by means of one of these notes than by cheqne, on which, for small amounts, an exchange rate of fid is charged. The authorities add : — ' Every person to whom a Postal Note is issued should keep a record of the number, amount, date, and name of office of issue, to facilitate inquiry if the Note should be lost." Affairs in the Soudan. — The position of affairs in the Soudan is thus summed up by Wednesday's Argus : — "A cable message from onr correspondent with the Nile expedition clears np the mystery of Lord Wolseley's movements. For the present at least, Ambukol and Korti, at the neck of the great bend of the river, between Dongola and Khartoum, are to be used as bases of operations. . One column will operate from thence against the tribes who murdered Colonel Stewart and The Timed correspondent, and Lord Woleeley makes a dash with his camel corps across the Bahinda desert, and strikes the Nile again at Shandy. Apparently Lord Wolseley has not cared to face the toilsome passage ot the Nile be tween the fourth and fifth cataracts, this being the stretch which is described as the worst on the journey with a low river. Whether the boats will ultimately proceed to Khartoum by the river remains to be seen. It isnot easy to understand, however, how , theEgyptian garrison, with its women and ' baggage, is to be taken away without ' them, and even with them Colonel Stewart's wreck shows how risky is the descent at the present period. With a high Nile those difficulties disappear, and what has taxed Lord Wolseley and also the British citizen, who pays tbe piper, is the starting of the expedition at the wrong season of the year. At Shendy, or rather at the sixth cataract, which ie immediately above that place, Lord Wolseley will be in easy communication with General Gordon. Steamers can always ran to and from Khar toum to the cataract in, qnestipn,\and if there is an understanding between the two generals, it will not be long before the Upper Nile flotilla is at Shendy to co operate with the Camel Corps. The where abouts of the Arab forces is quite unknown to us. We have heard of them in torn at Mergwe (the fourth cataract), at Berber, and at Halfaya. All that is clear is tbat they are somewhere in tbe neighbourhood of Khartoum, and that Lord .Wolseley could scarcely venture to Shendy without a force- capable of accomplishing the feat which Gordon says is the 'key of the situation — namely, 41 to smash up the Mahdi." Leedher h-Averyamusingskefcchof » dilemma in which the members of a picnic party found themselves,4s famished by our Warrnambool correspondent, nV i> A Book Catalogue. — We learn that \ Mr. P. Robertson has donated £5 wherewith ! to purchase new books for the Balmoral Sunday School Library, and have received < from the librarian a neatly printed catalogue \ showing that the library now contains 282 readable volumes. Surely when a com paratively small institution tike thiB finds it advisable to issne a printed catalogue, the committee of our Mechanics' Institute can well afford to do so. Some time ago, we believe, an alphabetically arranged catalogue was prepared by Mr. C. Macaulay, but tbe then committee, adopting a penny wise and pound foolish policy, declined to bave it printed, on the ground that it would cost too much, whereas not ouly could they sell catalogues to subscribers, but would also, by that means, go the proper way to work to increase the number of members. At present, for the want of a catalogue, persons living in the country decline to join for the simple reason that they cannot be always running into town to get a volume, and, not knowing what books there are in the library, are not in a position to make a selection, and write for the work they may fancy. It may safely be asserted there 1b not a public library in the colony anything like so important as that of the Hamilton Mechanics Institute that does not circulate catalogues, and if the committee wish to extend tbe usefulness of their institution, they should at once arouse themselves and keep pace with the times in the direction alluded to. The Police Robbed. — Mr. Super intendent Dronght was engaged for some time yesterday hearing charges brought against that stalwart member of tbe force, Constable Rankin. One of these was that he had deserted his beat in order to get shaved, for which the Superintendent, who did not bristle with indignation," repri manded him. Another was for being off his beat on Christmas morning, and the evidence of Constable Tormey was to the effect tbat shortlv before four o'clock, when dressing to go down to the railway station to meet hie brother, be heard a footstep and on looking out saw Constable Rankin moving across the yard, aud, subsequently, saw him at tbe station at four o'clock. Constable Rankin called several of our compositors to prove that at the hour in question, he was in onr printing office, and one of them appeared certain tbat such was the' case. Another, however, was of opinion that it was ten minutes after four that Rankin came in for the papers for the Barracks, etc. It was also elicited that some time on Christmas morn ing the safe at the Police Barracks bad been broken open by means of an axe, and somp cakes andale which tbe members of the force had provided for the festive season, disap peared therefrom, to wit one bottle of ale, one ditto potter, and some Xmas cake, but there was no evidence to prove by what midnight prowler this robbery had been committed. After consideration, Superin tendent Dronght arrived at tbe conclusion that it was not Rankin's ghost Constable Tormey had Been at the railway station on the morning in question, and therefore mulcted tbe defendant in the sum of seven shillings, representing one day's pay. A Shocking Accident. — Telegraph ing from Maryborough on Tuesday, the Argus correspondent says "Tbis afternoon a young lad named James Williams, aged eight years, was sent to take some pro visions to his father, a driver on tbe train from Maryborough to Ballarat. Instead of proceeding straight to the platform where bis father's locomotive was standing, he stood unobserved on one of the lines con templating the new Rowan's car. Two engines, one empty and the other under steam, came together at a slow rate noise lessly behind his back, knocked him down, and killed him. The poor lad was not seen by the man in charge of the locomotives. head and legs were almost severed, and his brains dashed out. It appears that a pointsman named Elliot was near at hand, but could not see the lad owing to a bend in the line." Doings at Macarthur — The Hon. H. J. Wrixon arrived in Hamilton last eve ning, and will this morning start on a tour throughout the length and breadth of the district he represents. At four o'clock this afternoon he will lay the foundation stone of the proposed new Wesleyan Church at Mac arthur, and at five o'clock will be a guest at the tea meeting. During the evening there will be a public meeting, at which the hon. gentleman will, of course, speak. He will not, however, deal with many political questions, bnt will content bimself by refer ring to local subjects, by some remarks on the position of State and Church in Victoria, and State Education. With reference to reli gious teaching being allowed in State schools he will, probably, tell those in favor of it, that much as he may symyathise with their views, he considers a great mistake has been made by calling upon the State to take charge of that branch of education. The Bootmakers' Dispute. — No- thingfurther of importance has (says Wednes day's Argus ) transpired in connexion with the dispute in the bootmaking trade. The Operatives' Union are determined cot to withdraw the name of Mr. Trenwith from tbe list of their representatives at the pro posed conference with the manufacturers. The manufacturers are equally firm in their resolve not to have anything to do with the agentof the Operatives' Union. The Execu tive Committee of the manufacturers held a meeting yesterday afternoon, at which the present situation was under discussion, bnt no further decision was arrived at. The Cornow Plate. — We were yesterday afforded an opportunity of inspect ing a piece of plate given by Mr. T. N. Curnow, for competition amongst the mem bers of the Dunkeld and Karabe&l; Rifle Club, the match to be fired to-day. It con sists of a handsome Meriden silver salver, on which are stamped two excellent repre sentations of a peacock's feathers, snrronnded by an embossed border, and provided by two pierced handles. The plate, supplied to Mr. Cu mow's order by Mr. W. G. Farroll, will form a heir-loom that the winner may be proud to hand down to his children as an evidence of his skill with a rifle. The New Guinea Question. — The Premier had not up to Tuesday received the copy of Mr. Dalley's minute, which is com ing by post ; it will (says Wednesday's Argus) doubtless be delivered this morning. Its purport has already been conveyed to Mr. Service by telegram. The views of the whole of the colonies have now been ascer tained. Had there been unanimity of feeling as to the nature of the action which shouk be taken, it is possible tbat a meeting of the several Parliaments would have been deter mined on. A united course of procedure seems very unlikely. The colonies agree in deploring the loss of New Guinea, bat differ as to how the English Government should be made acquainted with the state of Aus tralian feeling. Queensland and Victoria agree upon all points, and the former has already sent home an independent protest. The final decision of the South Australian Government is adverse to a joint " protest." They are not unwilling to unite with the other colonies in making a representation to the Imperial Government. So far as can be ascertained. New Zealand prefers a course which will keep the colony on good terms with possible German neighbors, and in ad dressing the home Government they will use careful diplomatic language. It is not known, however, whether tbe Stont Ministry will take action ot any kind at present. Mr. Service has received from the Colonial Secretary of Western Australia a telegram stating that the views entertained by Vic toria meet with the approval of himBelf and bis colleagues, bnt as tbey rale over a Crown colony, they consider themselves precluded from addressing the Secretary of State on German annexation in the Pacific. The idea of joint action is given np by Mr. Service, because time would be lost in waiting for the co-operationof colonies which reauire further information, or are undecided what to do. Yesterday, at the Cabinet Council, tbe telegrams received during the week from the different Australian Governments were dis cussed. Mr. Service goes to Sorrento to day, and will not return to town until Monday evening. Steps have been taken to convene a public meeting of the citizens of Melbourne, and a' requisition , will be pre sented to the Mayor to-day. Camperdown, taking the bint from Clones, has arranged to express its views on Monday next. A Successful Scholar — A former resident of Hamilton, Master James A Nep tune Scott, son of Dr. Scott, has been greatly distinguishing himself. At the St. Kilda Scotch College he carried off five first prizes, one second, and the special prize, valued at five guineas, as' dux of' the College. Not bad this for & young fellow only sixteen years of age, w£o. has also passed the Civil Service $nd Matriculation examinations. 