.Ir' c was o n nst ainumnal aftd rionu'log ,years. ago, itn theli goil olld ay when pon. 'derous ostge-coachitei Iýhlilys their oawn,n and travellers wore sot ,o tai0ercusis louw, ,that lndloid,- l?o'dlsJy,'0.l11dostler taroid, :out, .oA -?aicn thelrdllritu ctom',torfre tlhe \widrlh'op neaddl f ihu rM?tlosifn ".ai` on, wtnwd h 'I ?l passlag of the LT uddn t .Ie,?l? ;:i'd bloci tes;'ng.fg to atop I"' crie I.hrs. Luwe, exac!tlll, shadinllg her ea'ea from tlhi dazzlling a i' ' ajy, uurlyf ' returned ithe startled hus. band, nloag hlbl haild as a seer, the better to. ob?rve thle uonexiected. phenouenoan ' bat surely the four grees were pultled up to ai':ead halt, from : the box-set an active, gentlemanly man leapt .to tlhe ground, a portniinteau was deposited after him, and the fast.trottlag team rolled onwards. ;..;?.: " Thlt way, sir," cried Ben'Lowe, posses. sltag himself of the gentleman''a luggage,and leadig thle i ay...." . " Dinner as saon as, possible," said the traveller. "'I'm more .than three-quarters flnished." .torious bustle and buslieis reigned in tile ".lied Llon'a" precincts; , until tlhet ar rival'i tnr?'tion was a thing of the past then the, aortciy. landlord ventured a con?l dentlal word to his better half. SWho do he remind iue of ?"-he referred to his guest. " Sure as I live, wife, I've sekc that face afore, or one most uneommon likeIt!" . " Such fancies and rubbish I" retorted the strongermintded landlady. You're.. always fancying you've seen this or itntat,; id bothering your wits t and I'm sure yoii'v little enough' on 'cnm tohlother.'! . The return compllutoiti:was lrevcalted by thei stranger's deep, ple~isat'avoice cm mediately behiud.; c'" Nild-looking little 'plad' thi'," he ohb serred, csmilingly addreesing; his? hoste. " Splendld view of the sea fre tlids wj'it dow.". . i. . , I!' Ye%,'P'i'i'jo'dloking down in to ih'e 'hollow, you got a full view of the ol09 ford ; a pretty sight to look at'l ibto: 6 ?'i-irlaclr less and pleasant to cross in sumnier time, .but very different in winter, ihecniralos Ihave swollen it. W. hy, air; I remteatier seeing the coach youncame by floating, and the four lhorses swilmming about in it.", " lndeed I Acd'what lsethat ranous old place Ir catch a glimnpse of, porched on;that far CIifft":: -, . .:.... ..;. " 'The o! dl abey, sIr. .It looks more of a place from here than It really is., .Nothing but useles old rulcntion when ytcu gb? co e e; but Mr. Carthornc he thiicts a deal of'it, and wouldn't have it pulled down on noauctonnt whatsoever ; though there's a sight of IIlck tlct'told about it, sir," wont.on:communi 'cative len, utterly regardless of wifely frown and muttered " Su?h stuff I"" "Black tales : Obb'"of bygone days,;I suppose I" said the stranger carelessly. "Bygone days, infecting :thle'present etter one', sir. As. sure as I'm alivling -man; that Abbey is a hauuted place I" and the 'landlord's voice sank mysterDously. 1?'rte seen the ghost'with niy o?? leyes; and that Is more thatn a good many cau say." i" I should tiaginge so. Well, the ruins belong to Mr. - who did you say ?" " AMr. Cadrthorn," aeswated Be?l . " "And this Mr. Carthorn is a person of property and some importance, I suppose ?" " The richest nman for miles'and miles round.: Andt sd was the old tgentleman be fore himlo-old Mr. Curthorn, as built the Hall, sir." " Wastatic present owner. tie oldest or only on' of the old man you are telling meo of ?" " Well, sir, he was neither; no son at all it fact, but nephew." Beu east a glance behind, and encouraged by his wife's'ab sence, waxed, confidential. "*Old Mr. Car thorn had but one'son--Mr. llarrold-somue ten or twelve years older than this present Mr. Arnold h.d would be if alive norw ; but, poor ,young iman, he was hot and peppery, not to say wildc, although as nice, open, pleasant.spoken a' young genlean as you would moot in a day's march. Ilim and his father had a quarrel' before he came 'of ago, and Mr. lHarrold ran away from home, and swore lte would never come back. No more he did, sir t for he died, away it forign, parts. " Sad. And this nephew I" '" The old' gentleman adopted hbliwhen Mr. IHarrold ran away, andi he wao quiet and easy-golug is one mnay say, and agreed well with his uncle, add just stepped intoe Mr.:llarrold'.shoes. Came in for every thing, sir." Swift- sounding wheels cut short the worthy 'landlord's harangue aqd he bent forward to bow obsequiously to the gentlO :an- driving his ownl halidsome carriago along the iroad so lately taken by the coach: .rA'ntico turn-lout," the stranger decided, "?alaily. " Whose ?" " It's him we were speaking of--3r. Car thorn. The lady itn black is his widowed sister as keeps his house ; one little girl she have, but her husband has been dead a manny years." Ai" And the lady in grey ~l'equestloned the thor,. , " The'child's governess, sir, and thd handi somest lady it has ever, been my lot to! sat oeyra upon-as kind as she is iaudcoome too, wlaleh is saircli Inmore. Why, sir,she comus in here at timlons." fult Mr, Lows's well.meint eoclldencs were pct· short by the abrupt dleparture of lladtlltor. lIe had tlot ltnd'opportuniity fd tlhelr reuuwnwal, thoughl, for tihe unwonted giteot astayed o at tlce quiet little hIotel, and his ileasluit fInao ild itancir wrein c Ict'ocly ujiolf tll tegosicinglandllrdcl , but uapon his hrss easIly chlinried wtife. It tho brlghlt snlahiny day-tlaie .he roicamed irclitii idly' sknlchlig, or mtkichlg ftitestis allh tihe lsllshermen oni tlhe uIeach I hlnlig Ilhrlllllcn accollnts of flahilg ilitns;'c l'ad sniu ls'slanc'j' Carllhorn Iltti or glalldetlii'r ,?hosll', In-: ercibhle tales ii Ihe hainlted aiuobby cudl Ih, wlcil.ild aibioi, icliii resiil. ic h il dIthll hod the poorl old slllll l iu.i i i t of nlIc tontlll'll alh less sketctthhi g rumblel1's, hl, I lllj H'lll'| l..tIE d tlho vucy glaten uf Ihe " Ilnlt, "itlirtl rt IIioiuelut'so delibecinthl|, st ru'tted u"tit thsi atelnU antI 51sm tI c tuh cll ul dbul. - .Mr. Carthitriiat hbitse ?" hle in uinlet ;' a:nd beinr aniswerel in the nmtlrlative, atepfied into the Ipaciou hali anid remutvedt " Ills hi t.- SWhItil name Ihll I say, sir 1" naked the thle waithig servant. " Never mind al lout namlne," was the reply, " alow fue to your mauster, andl I will lintro. duce myself." The t,'in hesitated n lenstant, bu sonime '. thing inr the commanding air and decisive' voice overpowered his well-trlnued adhcreniL'`' . to bustomn. lie opened the library door and'" enilouncedi, " A gentltman to seeoyou, sir.". . A lall, dark man arose froat his libtor of ipapers and looks, and cnime forward, looklng rather surprlised. " I toll your servnnt I would Introduce'" myself,' said the younger tmni. " 31y ni' te mtiast be my excuse." lie paused a seledd'" lixing his clear gruiy eyes apoli the olther'' face, .then, in slow, ringing tones seid . "H Ilarold Carthoru." .'Thele closely watching eyes discerned i?. flash, a chango in the stern, haiughty 'face, erorMe r .Certhorn ohbservedl, quietly, ?I? knowt no one if lint name." " . "Formerly ytur cousin's-stlill nine, his only? son's ,.When my father quitted Erill:. land, hlOlft" it, I believe, with the vow oeve agnilt to';set foot on it 'tsot noever. again to j61d' bommntinliceaton withl any mnicer of k illt or kin. Sofci I cn correct.it ... ..- " " ",to far, your inufurman has been cor S"After three years' nimless wanderipg lie settled in Australia, as perhaps youe kii~v, .There he trarried an English girl, a i.allor's?r dauinhter." Oid or two children died in iufanituy ;, the only non, lived ad a grew epl -grewt up without knowinog nuy father '(ven after his death, ten years ago)' to tie tither thllail'le seenmed, a rongh; workling s"ttler. On myc mother' deatlhbed, twelve. montlh ago; sho' told me the secret Itmy father hild entriusled to her keeping fo n:y beniefit. Told nome of my lawful Inheritance,. tid innstruilted'mni how to clain it." Mir. Cnrthorn had stoeodlsltenlig, his tilile, powerful flgure leaning against th.e, wide nltnlleiflte, his? eyes bent full, on the(J i-tlkeir itiow' he smiled slightly. M iy I lisi for, wliat reason thl i oity his blee li ieithed 1" Inquired the eool;orei u?oe ."1i:tr tivce jourincyed over to.Eng To ctaim my own,' wna the repl]y, you had rcogi;ised ui uts the r'nitit o}in knotw I a i 'l tdi in my.n tlnt i plrope,:?. oi?e fileridliy arrangrment, soen? l equliln di-:: vislon'if tlepropeity, which In legally-n tlo n aleon. But' slice you wtil'ltnve It so,: I lit?, 1 appeal to lawn, and drivo yotnfrout tite po- " sitiolt'yoi leie so long usurpedn."i A"t this iremont the door. oie l, o lnano .a'; wo?omn and i 'f itr, ddetcl oni'e-look?i Chlt : enteredl the ronom A mostn beautitlil ,onio.. tinll, and graceful; and queoly.in her.l.mpnl, -u swreping robes of.gray, witlh 'mull rregally-. poised bhinld heavily laden - bui with rnieie coils of bhlu.black htlr tiwlth a face at orne, .brllleiit 'biwlldering, and aweet, Ilght~Il ull, by sui~h eyes as can be seen only6npiljnc"i. - lifeitini -eyes of tlnekltnstdeepnt,ivoidroustrt blo,? clinalglug ever, and bewitching always.. 'She o wus nlf.wny nacrss. tle reroom, I li er: stifti, uldpitatig gIldeq loifoirhule noticed itsn oculpants? then, coloured ?lightllyland,. tintrstl, addressing the inaster oftheo house:' ' : " I ril sorry I have intruded.. I helleved the roomi to be empty. Ocmeo n ivG,! ! Shlie held' out, her hand to leiad the child.. away, glanced for the flrst-timue. at the, stranger, and uttered c ,ow, half.asloilltrei cry: ; vhiloe: thel bctoleotns colouring fledh from the dazzllug face, nid loft it .for one nioment white as tthe lace on iher thrlat. Tlieu IlArold Carthurn Letj·i.ed fortarit with out-stretched liand.:- " : S"You semncnlherme;Suiss MNaldoul :This, is, indeed, an untexpectedt'plctuire" . In u kind of dazel manner she put Iher hnad lin hles, .and he hold. it longenough to cause the hlqt, j0gliggs;blood ; to surgeo.Jntok. the face of Ithe anion watching, before he bowed iuimelf out in an unoenil; rrtot:speL every-day way: ,'But evnlt: thel?s'lirp' a.; . s'uiplclou gazeoof 'jedlousy fuiled to. dett the titny :orinipld pieceo of p ?Ipe t.."t it thti clasp of thi emnil, hi'le rid. 'Nightfull In til abbey uins, mnd llaryld, Cnrthlorn pacing them with Florenee'Maldoiu : by his side: . `." " No' btter llace for our meetll gocoulsd.c'; poriibly be devised," lie observed, drawoing iher slender; ingloved hanid through b?sarnmi as he spoko. Thlmuks to selnple supestliotit twi shall 'never be lalerruplted; and it la` easy for you to get here unnoticed, is it liot dear 1" . Yes, coipnaratirely :o,' slle reji?iil ' neryousl}:. "int even if not, I would d'ru. n grentdcalTrcthler tllmn you sholld?icorell,; taiit to the Itll. Oh', Iurold .J tlot all presence of mitnd when saiw yoilu siidd - denly in the library".i " '' u I know you did. "ell) dill Arjoldi .?i Utrthoru ask annyet, close lqtstotins atbouti our tiler acquaintance P" ":I "siniply told hlnifi'.liiathii ern you iua Germanin ," was the rasnto. n·wari ?nri? SI nw hime- inglna this morning by',icL. dent-met hint on the beach in a quiet spllot and hald wliltlhit a long and alornny .litio view." " You doln't meanll lhat.you lihad aldown .: right quarrel 1" she asked, btreathlessly,' heel, face growivug white in the heelterling . darkt; nins,. " Pretty mnucl Ithlt style of Ililig,'" I o saold I lid hadt it not been for the Inter. rllpllon of some t I iain nlchrermca, lhe whole ilth?r wounhll lhave tlern seltled at onel by a hIuld to hltItl eolimbait.' She clullg so clos?ely to his arm thint Io creld feil her trenbiling l i r!very hib, anVd bcndling to IHCeernt the allluled face', was eurprlitt d nt is I excestlve pallor ... Sl'Why, hlim'-orenlc, lilt is not Ilke you. A .llnrlel Is olll iy itn- .tetilyehe occunrence;aftier "I I i'lli'l hel p i tI " I ha hnw. 1viie mii i ed I iiteihltilur -ly. ''I IeeI a irtrteiilbiteiit, ont Iattll · arlitlilty thut lihiiltt wil .tit fll;' ' if Irhts; itilu l wihnill tI Iio p's' If l in LrL, se (1• , , .lUp csrtsu -,.u.) 