Facts and Fancies, ' Muggins Bays he never tried bark but once, and then it was so mixed with bite, that it is questionable ? ? whether it did him muoh good. : It was recommended by ;a gardener as a cure for a depraved appetite for. other people's cherries. If twenty-seven inohes of snow give three,inches of water, how muoh milk will a oow give when fed upon ruta-baga turnips ? Multiply the flakes by the hair ' of the oow's tail, then divide theproduot by a turnip, add a pound of chalk, and the sum will! be the answer. A negro woman was relating her experience to a . i : gaping congregation of oolor, and among other things .. she said she had been in Heaven. One of the ladies ? of oolor asked her, " Sister, did: you see any black, folks in Heaven?" "Oh, get out ! S'pose Igo in de , ?>...?. kitchen when I war dar?'' ." That's a fine stream for trout,' friend,1' ob?" served a piscatorial acquaintance the other day to a genuine sprig from the Emerald Isle,whowas whip- . ping away with great vigor at a'well-known' and favorite ; pool. "Faith, and it must be that same,... sure enough," returned Pat, " for douée a one. of 'em will stir out. of it 1" ' " "My dear," inquired a' gay young wife of her. .<,,.,. calculating husband, aa she roaohed up her rosy little,. , mouth to be kissed, . on his' return'from business," 1 have you seen that magnificent set of parior' fur- ' niture which the Jenkinses have just bought?'' "Ahem! no, my love; but I have seen the uphol- ^i >. > sterer's bill font." 1 , .. A Down East skipper, with a boy, was tryingto : -v ,\r manage a small sloop,. when the master of a Liver-, "? \¡ pool packet, who had been dodging out of+hé.way,¡, uicensedat their awkwardness, cried out-", What . , ^ Bloop is that ?" " The Sally, from Maine,'* responded ' the Yankee. "Who oommands her?" "Well," rei ' ? plied the skipper, I undertake toi but I swear Bhe's v too much for me 1 " i A credulous down went: to .the ; olergyman of his parish, and told him, with .> symptoms of great con* . sternation, that he had seen a ghost. " Where did Von see it ?" "Wny," said-Diggury, " as l war go ing, an'please your reVereuoe, by the church, right . up against the wall I sees the ghost." "In what shape did it appear P" "For all the world like a great ass.'' "Go home .and hold your tongue^" replied the clergyman ; "you are a timid creature, 5 : ? > and have been frighted at your own shadow." . 11 ???< 