iSatea and Ntofio&a.; B " VIGILANT." the paultield cup. If any- "proof were wanting of tbe open tebaracter of this season's Caulfield Cup, it if furnished by the fact that something like a score -of horses have each! been heavily backed lor the race. am told on good authority!— that .of the book. . makers who have laid the-biggest wagers — that!£he mile and a ball handicap has been a - better betting race than in any past; year. More than ten different animals- have each been -backed to win upwkrds of - thirty thousand pounds, while another half-score have been nibbled-at for fair etelrqs, and a "skinnerY, oiifSatttrday Will mban the "biggest 'thing for the-!ring since the little black cripple raced home in front of his, Melbourne Cup field in!. '81. !.. Almost every day during-the past week one or more new candidates fpr Caulfield Cup .honours have. beep introduced to the market, and a dead .'un or two has dropped out.. In writing of " dead "uns," however, there is one thing which is apt to be misunder stood. The '.past few weeks have been marked by the number of first-class horses who hate gone wrong and been scratched. This lias, of -course, made the Caulfield Cup! a good betting; race — exceptionally good;- but the fact that the public lose moncyover tbe Commotions, Newstoads, Helenes, and Coronets does not prove that the ring win it all — not at all. If either of the twenty odd horses against whom the majority of the metallicians have laid their full books wins the Caulfield Clip, the ring will lose, and Commotion and Helene might just as well have started .for any material dif ference it makes to the fielders. On tbe otber hand, in the event of another Blink Bonny flopping up wholly unbacked, the ring will, of course, be big winners. I have so recently exhaustively re viewed tbe chances of the hundred odd .entries for ibis race that all that now remains is to find the actual winner, and I must confess that this tipping task is one of the most difficult I have ever undertaken. Tt is, in my opinion, infi nitely easier to find the winner of the Melbourne Cap, as the animals in that event who are likely to get to the end of a fast run race can he counted on one's fingers, while there are, at least, a score in 1 he Caulfield Cup able to " get" a mile aud a half with ease. Tor a race of this description I think it is always good business to have the top weights on one's side, and for that reason, amongst others, I shall select Welcome Jack, Tom Brown, Blink Bonnt, Lord Wilton, and Madcap to do battle for ' me, and between them Gratitude, Prince JTmperial, and the light weight Winchester. I expect to see the race from the home turn fought out. In tho wind-up of my review last week I hinted that if the aristocratic winner of ; the Hawkcs- bury Handicap started for this race whatever beat him would about win. I still think so, and in coupling Prince Imperial with the two New Zealanders, Welcome Jack and Winchester, I think I have mentioned the winner, and anticipating a great finish between WELCOME JACK AND PRINCE IMPERIAL, I place the Caulfield Cup horses WELCOME JACK ... 1 PRINCE IMPEEIAL ... 2 Lord Wilton . ... ... 8 Best outsider, Madcap. Selling Race. PRIMUS ob MISTAKE. Second Hurdle Race. AGITATION 1 Duration ... ... 2 Huntsman ... 3 Nursery ; Handicap. MADDELINA 1 Anita ... ... ... 2 The Nun ... ... 3 Open Steeplechase. LAST ASHTON or . . MBRNDER Windsor Handicap. CHUCKSTER ... ... 1 Thk Ghost ... 2 Mentmorb ... ... 3 