C A MI O L A : A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. By justin McCarthy, Author of 'Miss Misanthrope,' 'Maid of Athens,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chaptee XXL— A Sudden Interruption. Perhaps we had better ask our readers to turn back with us for a short time, in order to explain before the story goes any further why Walter Fitzurse had come life a thief in the night to visit Fitzurse House. He had really come upon a desperate errand. He had made all his arrangements to run away with Janette next morning or that night ; he had his plans for their secret but safe marriage perfectly ad justed, and he had spent his last sovereign in completing them. Money he must have this to Mrs. Pollen and asked her to lend him— he put it gracefully as a matter of loan — to lend him some money, and she had peremptorily refused him. She spoke to him in words of remonstrance, of generous anger, of reproach ; but she would not give him the money except on conditions which he scornfully refused to accept. So he left her in ungrateful anger and impatience. He tried to find Romont, and could not ; tried to get hold of this or that friend, but 'every one was out of town some- i where that summer Sunday, and there were \ few of bis recent companions in any case who \ would lend any money to him or to any one. ? Then, driven almost to despair, he remembered i Mrs. Pollen's casket of gold coin to which he ; had a key, the key that also op3iied the par- . ticular door of the music-room. Why not take that money, and repay it after the mar riage ? Once he was safely married to Janette Lisle his people must do something for him ; Mrs. Pollen herself, who now owned herself a connection of bis through her late husband, must do something for him. It is not a good thing for a mortal to attempt to play the part of a providence or a destiny to other mortals. All legend, classic and otherwise, is full of warning on that subject. The bravest enterprise begun with this vain hope is likely to come to mere failure ; the best intentions to beget only the poorest and most perverse results. We shall not attempt to justify the ambition of Mrs. Pollen to play the part of providence or destiny to the .people of 1 itzurseham ; we only state the fact that she had such an ambition and tell what came of it n certain instances. She was a noble-hearted woman,'snd whatever her faults, her attempts ? n Fitzarseham were inspired mainly by a t-incere desire to do good to some of her fellow creatures. She had indeed alwajs before her the thought of making atonement for her sup posed or fancied neglect of her husband ; bat in truth her chief desire now was to make people happy. Along with that, however, tLere was unquestionably a certain delight, keen and ever renewing, in the sense of power which her money and her schemes of benevo lence gave her. She liked making experi ments in human character and seeing how she could mould it and how it would turn out. This was her most dangerous delight, her most tempting and perilous pastime. She had been -.L«n onniituiiiliiiiT until Wa.lf.ar TTifcznrHfi. Shn was anxious to know how he would turn out if a chance were given to his real character to assert itself. It was net quite clear to her for a while whether the good or the bad predomi nated in his nature, and she said to her own conscience that she was opening the way for the good to prove itself and take its right place. But how if the good should not prove the stronger? How if the bad were to get the upper hand ? Would not her experiment then only prove the means of furnishing Walter Fitzuree's worst enemy with weapons to slay Walter Fitzurse's best friend? Mrs. Pollen had not asked herself that question when she was making her mind up. to give Fitzurse's ambition a chance in life, and now already, so \---soon, ehe was beginning to doubt whether the bad was not showing itself in ascendancy. She had given Fitzurse money with which to begin his career as a student at the bar, and to keep him like a gentleman for the present. She had allowed him to understand that money should not be wanting to him if he showed a desire and a capacity to make a name for himself in the world. The want of a fair start, she knew, had often spoiled many a career that would otherwise have been honor able, noble, beneficent; and she was deter mined that his chances should not thus be marred. ' I can only give you the horse, ' she told him, disparaging her own bounty. ' It is for you to ride the race. If you win the honor is yours and not mine.' It was not necessary for her to disparage her own bounty. Walter was not over scrupulous ; he was quite willing to be fed from her hand. He took it as some thing due to his own genius and his own com manding attributes. Besides she had told him of her hopes for the discovery of a long loat. relationship in Fitzurseham; and he soon began to think that she had already found out that he was the missing relative. He felt sure of this before she had yet thought fit to tell him of it. Anyhow, he took her generosity and good wishes altogether as something due to him, and for which he was bound indeed to be openly thankful, but which did not bring with it the very slightest taint of personal humilia tion. He was absorbed by one great over mastering purpose ; ne wanted to marry Janette Lisle. This it seemed to him would be a magnificent start in life. He knew that the LLsles were not rich — not rich, that is in the sense that Mrs. Pollen was rich, or even that Miss Sabine was rich ; but they would give their daughter teme money, and once he were married to her they must do something for him. He knew very well that Mr. Lisle and Lady Letitia were not by any means an old Capulet and his wife, who would turn their backs for ever on a daughter be cause she had married without their consent ; who would say to Janette Lisle when she had become Janette Fitzurse, ' do as thou wilt, for I have done with thee.' No ; once Janette and be were married there would be a welcome in the family for him ; he would be received among aristocrats; his place would be sure ; his prospects cared for. His ambi tion was for society ; he would rather be the husband of Lady Letitia Lisle's daughter than of the richest plebeian heiress in the land. He assumed that the Lisles would not give their concent to the marriage if asked for it before hand ; and he had therefore made up his mind to run away with their daughter. In any case he preferred this way of attaining his end. It would be more striking, more romantic, more splendid, better as reclame. If Fitzurse had only trusted Mrs. Pollen, and confided in her from the beginning, no one can say what might not have happened. If he had cometoherandtoldherthatheloved Janette and that Janette loved him, she would have given him money enough to begin married life with, and she would have made herself his ambassadress to the Lisles to ask for the hand of their daughter. Or if he had convinced her that such an embassy would be futile, and told her that rather than lose Janette he was determined to run away with her, and had appealed to Mrs._ Pollen's generosity and sentiment to aid him in his Lochinvar enter prise, it is only too likely that Mrs; Pollen's delight in romanticemotion and in daring effort would have gained her over to his side. But Walter was one of these unlucky persons who are described as too clever by half. He trusted nothing to Mrs. Pollen, and thus it happened that his two love stories came upon her at the one moment, and she knew that he had cast off poor 'Vinnie Lammas, and that he was en deavoring to induce Janette Lisle to leave her father's house. This was too much for her. 'My experiment has been a dead failure there,' Ehe said ; ' he is a cad, and that's all about that. I'll put Lady Letitia on her guard. No ; I had better see him first and talk to him. Perhaps I can work upon his fears, and in that way get him to let Janette Lisle alone. Dear little girl, I like her all the better for her rubbish about equality and her romance. But she must not be sacrificed to him. I must intervene. It vb about time some one intervened, it would appear.' The intervention thus far had taken only tbe form of a strong remonstrance from Mrs. Pollen to Fitzurse. Camiola had once heard some of it — more than she was quite able to understand at the time. Mrs. Pollen had found out through the enquiries she had been making that Walter Fitzurse was not in any sense a member of the great Fitzurse family, and she had insisted on Bis making this known to Janette LiBle. Walter had promised that 11C WUUJU UU ttUlB, U\J\i pHill/lVlUiftlLjr UlCU Oi3 IJU his purpose to keep the promise, but quite satisfied that he could tell anything tw- Janette without endangering his hold on her affections. If he had to tell her anything it would be easy for him to say that he bad only just made the sad discovery that he did not belong to the great family, and that the moment he dis covered this he felt it his duty to tell her, and to Bet her free of her engagement with him. He knew very well what would come of this ; Janette would simply declare that she loved him better than ever. Besides that she had a very fond and faithful little heart, she had a little heart crammed full of what she considered new ideas about man's, brotherhood and equality— ideas: which must have been making youthful converts in the earliest days of the family of Noah. Ths quiet, well-ordered, some what limited life of the rectory, with its pre established doctrines and dogmas appointing every one's duty, bad set little Janette longing for some eccentricity and extravagance of social philosophy. Walter was a wholly new figure to her — his way of life, his talk, his ambition, his courage, his audacious love-making were all new, strange, and intensely fascinating. Walter knew well that he held a sure place in herj heart, no matter what family he belonged to. It was not clear to him that he had not made a mistake, so far as she was concerned, in not giving himself out at first as one of the picturesque race of the proletaire. He lett Mrs. Pollen's on this memorable Sunday in desperate mood — mood to risk any thing. But he was by no means unhappy or even ill-satisfied. He was very proud of him self and of the part he was plaving. He con sidered himself a highly interesting person. He was glad to think that Camiola now knew all about him ; it greatly enhanced his selfsatisfac tion to think that this rich and beautiful girl was compelled to be in his confidence, and was positively afraid of him because of her friend. Meanwhile he had been living for some time in London in very good style, as he considered it. He bad got to know a few men of some position in society ; some of them a little fast, but he did not mind about that. His name had been put up at one or two clubs ; he was beginning to be well known to a certain circle in the West-End. He was essentially a flexible plastic creature, and he took to this sort of thing as easily as if he had been used to it all his life. Perhaps if a profoundly sagacious social philosopher had been asked what was the principal secret of Walter's success in society, such society as it was, the answer might have been that it was to be found in his heaven-bestowed gift of wearing good clothes nroll Tf-. appmpA tn he. nVivimis that a man on whom well-cut clothes looked so well must be a gentleman, and the sort of man to put up at one's club. But a crisis in bis fortunes had come this Sunday, and it must be boldly met. He must get money, and he must go off with Janette Lisle and marry her. The money was to be had in Mrs. Pollen's casket ; he would borrow it, and put it back after it had served his turn. At the worst his taking it could be boldly acknowledged as a love's stratagem when once he was married to Janette, and nothing would come of it. He made his way to Fitzurseham. He passed by the place where he had lodged ; he passed under the windows of Mrs. Lanimas'6_ house, and saw that all waa dark there, 'vinme, no doubt, was in bed long since. Was she thinking of him he wondered? Very likely not ; probably she had fallen in love with some one else. He hoped so — poor little thing ! Strange that he could ever have fancied himself in love with her. She was looking limp and shabby, he thought, when he saw her at church that day. It was a great relief that all that silly old love affair between him and her was over. He would tell Janette about it some day ; and Janette would be very kind to the little girl. He found himself at Fitzurse House. He went up to the front door and rang the bell. He meant to ask for Pilgrim. Pilgrim evi dently was not at home. No one answered to the summons of the bell. That was all right. It was part of Walter's plan to go to the door and ask for Pilgrim in case any one should be in. He went away, but did not leave the grounds. He hung about for a while in one of the shrubberies, then crept to the door of the music- room and softty let himself in, and closed the door behind him. He expected to find himself quite alone. The ordinary' ser vants had no admission to that room, unless when the door opening on the corridor was expresfcly unlocked to admit one of them. Walter, went in, and was making promptly for the table on which the casket stood, when he suddenly became aware of the presence of silent Joseph, the Albanian servant. This was indeed a surprise. Whocould have counted on seeing him in that room at such a time ? Fitzurse fell back at first, and was inclined to give up his enterprise and escape from the place as quickly as possible. But it suddenly occurred to him that the destiny which he always believed to have made him its special charge had his interests still in its view when it sent the Albanian in his way. Who should say that it was not the Albanian who had taken the money, supposing its having been taken should be discovered ; supposing Fitzurse himself should not .be able to replace it before any discovery was made? To turn the opportunity to the best account Fitzurse must openly meet Joseph and speak with him. Then if any unlucky chance should lead to premature discovery Fitzurse could say that he had him self seen Joseph in the house and spoken with him on the very night. It would not be the act of the scion of a noble family perhaps thus to allow a false accusation to prevail against a poor innocent foreign servant but affairs were well-nigh desperate with Fitzurse, and he could not stop for scruples. Of course it never should come to that, he thought; he would take care to replace the money in good time ; but at the worst it was better a wretched Albanian should suffer disgrace than that the life-project of a Fitzurse should come to grief. After all, was it not extremely probable that the Albanian had no particularly good purpose in prowling about the music-room at that hoar of the night? So he got rid of Joseph, as we have seen. He did not venture to lock the corridor entrance behind the Albanian, and so shut him out. This, he thought, might look suspicious just then, although it was always done by Mrs. Pollen and her few initiated friends ; for the charm of the music-room was that it was sup posed to be cut off from all but tine initiated, unices when the initiated chose, for any momen tary purpose, to admit the uninitiated. But as Joseph had got in somehow, Walter thought it would not be safe to shut him out. He sat down in the first instance and wrote a letter to Mrs. Pollen, which he sealed and left for her ; he would do everything as he said he was going to do it ; and then, and then — he noise lessly opened the casket. He saw the money, and he stayed his hand a moment. It was not robbery he was bent on? No, surely not; his forehead grew hot at the idea. But it might come to look like it ; it might be mistaken for such an act. Cold drops stood on his temples, his hands trembled, but he could not draw back. If he failed to get money by some means that night all would be lost for him. He took two rouleaux of sovereigns out of the casket and thrust them into his pocket. Then he quietly locked the casket again. For good or ill the deed was done now. He was about to ring for Joseph and call his attention to the letter for Mrs. Pollen, when he heard a key turn in the private door, and in a moment the door was opened. On the table near the casket a revolver was lying. It was Romont's revolver ; he had Isft it carelessly there when he found that he had to deal with Walter Fitzurse only, and not the ordinary Fitzurseham burglar. Fitzurse caught it up instinctively, and stood as if on his defence. CnAPTEE XXII. — Stooping to Conquer, ' Hullo, Fitzurse ! who could have expected to see you here at such a time as this? How are you ?' Fitzurse started and trembled — positively trembled and felt his forehead bedewed with perspiration. There was Romont standing before him ; Romont whom he had believed to be far away ; and if Romont had been one minute, half a minute, in the room he must have seen what Fitzurse was doing. Romont was in walking dress and carried his hat in his band. He looked as if he had just come in. That was something of a relief to Walter's mind. So far as Fitzurse knew there was not a human creature in the house but himself and Joseph. ' Why, Romont ? I didn't know that you were in London. I never thought of seeing: you here tonight.' He put down the re volver quietly, stealthily. Romont observed the action. ' No, I don't Euppose you did, and I never thought of seeing you here. I am always rushing about, backwards and forwards. Did you come to see Pilgrim, or Joseph perhaps?' ' I came — yea, I came to see Pilgrim. I have something to say to him ; I have been writing a letter to Mrs. Pollen.' ' You didn't expect to see Joseph here, did you.' 'No, I didn't; I thonght he was in town with Mrs. Pollen ; it's very odd our all turning up in this way,' Fitzurse said with a despsrate attempt at a laugh. ' Very odd ; about the oddest thing I have known for a long time. I will tell you what I came for, Fitzorse, my good fellow ; there's no mystery about it. I came to look after some money in this very room.' «? Some money in this very room !' Fitzurse felt as if his heart was standing stilL His throat was parched ; his lips were dry. Could it be that he was found out; found out before he had time to make any profit by his deed? 'Some money; in this very room?' he gasped. 'What do you mean, Romont? Is there money of yours in this room?' 'No, not of mine; but of Mrs. Pollen's. She is very unwise in leaving money about in that sort of way. (She told me that she had left it here in this thing, and I could not rest until I had gone to see that it was all right. I don't think money ought to be left about in that sort of way. It may be a temptation to some poor devil who otherwise might continue to be an honest man to the end of his life. I suppose it is temptation or no temptation that often makes all the difference between the honest man and the thief.' 'I suppose so— I dare say. By-the-way, I wonder, Romont, what this Albanian fellow was doing in this room? Did Mrs. Pollen know that he was coming here ? Did she send him for anything ?' ' Why, what about Joseph ?' : 'Well, somehow I thought his manner was rather odd when I saw him here and spoke to him. He didn't seem to make it quite clear what he was doing.' ' ' Oh, he didn't seem to make it quite clear what he was doing here, didn't he?' ' No ; and he was in this room — this very room.' ? 'Where you are now?' Romont said with emphasis. 'Where you and I are now — yes. Doesn't that seem rather odd ? What could he have wanted here?' 'Do you mean to say, Fitzurse, that you suspect Joseph of being after this money that Mrs. Pollen left here ?' ' Well, I don't know anything about him ; he may be a very honest man for all I can tell ; but still ? ' ' Exactly ; ' What sail de honest man do in my closet? What is the honest man doing in Mrs. Pollen's music-room where the money is? But you see, Fitzurse, that would apply to you and me, wouldn't it ?' ' I suppose there is some difference between you and me and a rascally Albanian ser vant ?' ' There is some difference, certainly,'Somont said with slow deliberateness, ' between Joseph and you, a very considerable difference. Between Joseph and me ; well, I am not quite so sure as to that.' For the life of him Walter could not yet tell whether Romont did or did not suspect him. He was becoming desperate ; he had a weapon near him ; it was coming into his mind that he would have to use it. Better anything, any danger, any crime of blood, than to be found out in what he was doing. Even as the thought came up wildly, savagely in his mind, he felt that Romont's eye was following his every motion. While he was thinking of the revolver his hand had unconsciously moved towards it, and he saw Romont watching him ; he could see even a faint smile of scorn on R3mont's face. At that moment Fitzurse felt himself a murderer in his heart. He was equal to murder now ; things had gone with him at such a rush, with such a terrible descent. Better anything than be found out in what he had been doing. Better, a thousand times better, that Janette should believe him guilty of slaying than guilty of robbery. Suppose he were to kill Romont then and there, it would be easy to invent some story of a quarrel and an assault which, if it would not save him from the law, would save him from utter shame, and would still leave it in the power of Janette 'not to despise him utterly. To do the unhappy creature justice, he was only thinking now of what Janette would say. All hope for himself was gone for the moment. The look with which Romont followed the motion of his right hand was a revelation to him ; Romont knew all about his doings and knew the very thought of murder that was in his mind. If he could kill Romont and put back the money in its place before Joseph re turned—then let fate do what she would, the worst would not be known, and Janette would not be utterly ashamed of him. The level floor seemed to rock and dance underneath him; there were strange noises whirring in his ears like the throbbing of machinery in movement ; he must do something or faint. If he were to faint all would be lost. One moment ana he » ould have played his card of despair, but he was interrupted by Romont's voice, which uttered, with the most perfect composure, the words — 'It's no use, Fitzurse, Joseph is outside. Don't you remember that? And besides your i hand is shaking, you couldn't hit a haystack J — I should feel perfectly safe standing here, ; provided only that you promised to aim at i me.' j 'What the devil do you mean?' Fitzurse asked fiercely. He took away his hand from the weapon which it was touching. He must brazen the thing out now. His courage and reason were coming back. 'Never mind what I mean ; we understand each other. You are not used to this sort of thing, Fitzurse ; your impulse was absurd. Well, you talked of Joseph ; you seemed to suspect Joseph of being after this money. Now if you will just wait here a moment I'll see that Joseph does net leave the house, and then well search Mrs. Pollen's casket, lknow exactly how much money was there. If a coin be missing we'll talk to Joseph about it. I'll leave you here just for a moment or two. You understand me, Fitzurse?' Romont spoke with a stern emphasis. Yes, Fitzurse understood onlyltoo welL A last chance was given him. He was in \- Romont's power, and Romont knew all ; but Romont would not betray him. He made good use of his moment alone. He put the money back and closed the casket once again. Romont returned a few seconds after the restoration had been accomplished. 'Joseph is all right,' he said. 'I am sure you must have wronged him, Fitzurse; he doeBn't seem in the slightest degree confused or put out ; I daresay we shall find everything ; just as it ought to be. This is Mrs. Pollen's : little money-box ; the money ought to be here. j Why, yes ; there it is of course ; six of these ; rouleaux; safe as can be. Poor Joseph 1 lam sure, Fitzurse, you are glad to see that the \- money is all right, and that there is no charge to be made against poor Joseph. You are glad ; of that?' 'Ot JpS?86' * am glad,' Fitzurse said sul lenly. Well, I must be going.' 'You \?ul not wait for Pilgrim, will you not ?' ' No, I think not. It's getting late ; and it loes not much matter whether I see him to light or not.' 'Fitzurse,' Romont said, coming up close M him and taking him by the arm, 'rwe under stand each other, don't we ? I know perfectly well what you came here to do, and you know that I know it. I am giving you a chance ; will you go away?' Fitzurse flung himself free of Romont's hold. 'Away! where?' ' Well, anywhere out of England ? America -r Australia. _ ;A new country is a new career. Begin yonr life over again, and begin it on a setter plan. So far as I am concerned, nobody shall ever know anything of this night's event. Will you promise to go ?' 'I have no money. Yon know that well snough.' ' You shall have money. You can take this money here to begin with. Nobody knows it is here but you and I ? ' ' And Mrs. Pollen ?' ' I shall satisfy Mrs. Pollen without letting tier know anything that we don't want her to know.' ' There's Joseph,' Fitzurse said doggedly. ' ffe knows.' ' Oh, Joseph — never mind Joseph. What [ don't tell Joseph won't tell, I can promise fon. Look here, Fitzurse, I wish to save you, I do indeed ; and you are on the very edge of ruin. Pull yourself together ; drop all this confounded nonsense about the Fitzurse family ; call yourself by your own name — your father's name; go into a new country, and redeem yourself — and above all let that poor girl alone ?' 'What poor girl?' 'Janette Lisle. You couldn't surety think of allowing her to marry you now?' Fitzurse thrust his hands deep into his pockets, and looked Romont for the first time straight in the face. ' 1 tell you what, Mr. Romont, this is going a little too far. Because you take it into your head to fancy something or other about me— which may be mere imagination or invention, or I don't care what — you presume to go on as if you were my master and I your slave. I'll not stand being ordered about by you ; I'll not be bullied by you. I can manage my own affairs.' ' Do you really mean to say that you would make that young lady your wife after what has happened ?' 'If I go to America or Australia or any where else I shall take her with me as my wife.' ' Before you leave this place,' Romont said, 'you must promise me to give up Miss Lisle or I will go at once to her father and her brother and denounce you as a thief. No ; you shan't get out of this just yet.' Romont turned to get between him and the door. Fitzurse had become half mad with rage and shame and fear— fear of exposure. He was reminded of the last desperate chance again. He clutched tbe revolver and fired a shot at Romont, whose back was turned to him. But it was as Romont had said — his hand was trembling, his aim was all abroad — the bullet went into the door six good inches away from its mark. Fitzurse was a good shot at a shooting match, but he had had no training for shots fired in anger. Before he could fire again Romont literally flung himself on his assailant and seized his right hand. Romont was much stronger, especially in the wrists and arms, and he was always quite cool and collected; his physical re sources as well as his mental were always at call. The very suddenness of his dash at Fitzurse was the result of instant calculation and not mere instinct or impulse. Fitzurse felt the revolver torn from his hand with such a sudden wrench that it seemed to him as if his wrist and every one of his fingers must have been dislocated by the strain. Then Romont flung him away, and he staggered back against the wall. He recovered himself and looked wildly round the room for any manner of weapon. Romont understood him. ' No use now,' Romont coolly said. ' You are covered by the revolver, don't you see ? I have been out West a good deal, and I am used to this sort of thing. For you, Fitzurse — or whatever your name is— I must say that you don't seem any better hand at murder than you are at robbery.'' Fitzurse flung himself down into a chair and covered his face with his hands. 'You can do as you like,' he said, without looking up. ' Shoot me if you will, I don't care — now.' And the unfortunate young man whom the rapid and hideous descent of a few short hours had brought so deep down into unforeseen crime burst into mere hysterical weeping. Suddenly he looked up, and with a face distorted by tears and agony, he said, in a choking voice — 'I'll do anything; I'll promise anything — . if only— if only you won't tell Aliss Lisle?' . Romont put the revolver carelessly on a table. He knew, there was no further need to be on his guard against Fitzurse. He quite understood now the man he had to deal with. Fitzurse was only the half-insane victim of his! own vanity and ambition ; he was neither a deliberate thief nor a determined bravo. ' Igive you my word of honor ; I swear to you, Fitzurse, that I will never tell any human being of anything that has happened here be tween us ; if only you will promise to give up that girl. I am just as willing and just as anxious to save you as I was before, and £ don't believe that you are wholly lost ; no, not a bit of it. I will be your friend even yet, if you will allow me. You will let that girl alone !' ' What can I say to her ? How can I get out of it? She likes me ; she is fond of me, she is indeed. What shall I say to her ? We were to have gone off together to-night or to-morrow morning.' 'By Jove!' exclaimed Romont; 'I have been only just in time.' ' Giving her up I give up everything; what do I care about my hie any more ? No ; I can't give her up— I won't give her up.' 'My good fellow, don't you see that you must give her up? — don't you see that after what has happened I must interfere and tell her father and her brother, if you don't pro mise me? I shall have to call in Pilgrim and Joseph ; yes, and Joseph ; and to send for the police and give you into custody on a charge of attempted robbery and murder. Joseph saw you take out the gold; he wa3 watch ing you all the time. I know how you put it back, and I can prove at tempt at murder. You will spend this evening in prison, and will probably only come out of prison to go into penal servi tude. These are the hard realities of your position. You must see that Miss Lisle is not likely to marry a convicted felon. That is one side of the case. Now look at the other. I offer you freedom ; my absolute silence about all this, and a full chance to you to redeem yourself and start a new and a decent career in some other country. You shall have money and every fair chance. I don't suppose a strict moralist would approve of .what I am doing, but I don't mind. I think that with all your vanity and your nonsense you have some good in you still ; and moralist or no moralist I give you another chance. Will you take it ? Come.' ' What can I say to her ? What shall I say to her V the wretched young man feebly moaned. ' Well, you can say something like this : you can say that you know now her father and mother would never approve of the mar riage ; and you can say you have found that you have not as much money or as good pros pects as you expected, and that you do not think it right to her to drag her into poverty, and exile, and a quarrel with her family all at once ; and that out of your very love for her— for I take it for granted, Fitzurse, that you do love her ; you are not bad enough to have been merely deceiving her? — out of your very love for her you think it better to go away and leave her. Write something like that, and she will understand it in the right way, and think all the more of you. Then she will re member you always in a kindly sort of way, and you will always be a hero to her — eveu when she has married someone whom her father and mother like, and is happy. By heavt n, Fitzurse, if I were you that is what £ should do, and I should be glad to have spared the girl from misery, and saved up for myself a kindly memory in her heart for ever.' 'I suppose you are right,' Fitzurse said sul lenly. ' At all events you are in a position to dictate terms, and I have put myself into a position which gives you the right to dictate them. There is only one way out for me, and that is through the door you offer to open. I ought to thank you, Romont, and I do see that you have acted very generously, and I shall be better able to feel in the right way by-and-bye, perhaps; but you have knocked down my castle of cards with a pretty rough hand. You have spoilt my game just as I was on the very point of winning it— and I am afraid I can't be quite as grateful as I ought to be for your generosity in letting me off— just yet.' *' I don't mind,' said Romont. 'I am doing my best. I am thinking more about the girl than about you. You accept my terms — that is tbe main point.' 'I must; I have no choice. It's a little hard on me, isn't it? — that a man should lose love and ambition and everything — even Lon don — all at once — and have to be grateful for it, too.' ' I don't ask you to be grateful,' Romont Eaid sternly; 'and I don't see much opening for ambition in the way you were going, and I am not quite certain whether you were in love with Janette Lisle or only with yourself. But I am glad you have made up your mind.' 'One word more,' Fitzurse said hastily, as he saw that Romont was about to bring the dialogue to an end. ' ' You won't do things by halves ; I believe that much of you ; for the few days that I shall have to prepare for going away— -wherever I am to go — you will not seem to have cut me? You -will not keep away from me? That would make people suspect.' ; 'I will behave,' said Romont, 'exactly as if you were my closest friend. I will help you ^— ? r-* ~l. in all your preparations ; I will see yii^^'^J 3hall be among the last to shake your hanu *nu -^ wish you good luck as you go.' ^, For a moment Fitzuree' was Teally touched/ rhrough the sevenfold hide of vanity and lelfish egotism, and, mean: ambition, shallow irtifice, and small cynicism') the simple man lood of Romont's nature pierced his -heart. ''If I were to begin againV-he thought, 'I mould like— I should try, -to be like that Well, I am to begin again; I am to have mother chance.' . 'Shall we wait for Pilgrim?' Romont sud lenly asked, 'he is sure to be here in good ime ; we can tell him that you are going away ; le may have some advice to give us ; he knows i lot of things, Pilgrim does.' 'No, I don't want to see Pilgrim,' Walter ' said hastily. ' I don't want Pilgrim to have mything to do with my affairs.' ?' We wouldn't tell him anything except just hat you were determined to go abroad some where.' 'I don't want Pilgrim,' Walter repeated. EXe was afraid that Pilgrim would bring up the story of Vinnie Lammas, which Walter was lot anxious to be reminded of just then. He ittle appreciated the chivalrous forbearance of Pilgrim. Even to Romont Pilgrim had not ;old Vinnie's story except in the most rapid ratline, and he had said no more about Fitzorse ,han that he was not so fond of the girl lately ts he had been. What Pilgrim did not know -f his own knowledge he never would tell as a act. Romont agreed that Pilgrim should not bs aken into confidence. He understood tha iompact with Fitzurse to be complete, and that ' s-as what he was anxious about. There was io talk of writing or signing anything. (Valter left Fitzurse House at midnight, having nth him more of the gold than he had himself aken out of Mrs. Pollen's treasure casket in he first instance, and having given Romont lis promise to meet him atS o%lock the follow ng afternoon at Romont's lodgings. Fitzurse passed out of the music-room into ;he night. He turned for a moment and looked back upon the house he was leaving. Be must have felt humbled and crushed if he tiad ever allowed genuine feeling to live in his heart at all. But he never had done tikis ; he' bad made his life a piece of acting even to him self. As he looked back on the old hall he was - not an impostor with a false name, going ont disgraced into exile, pledged as the sole condi- . tion of his safety to give up the girl who loved him. No ; he felt himself a hero of romance, the last of the proud race of fitzurse, driven, indeed, by overmastering destiny from the home of his ancestors, but 'still intrepid, and - self -sustained, still resolute to strive against fate, a very Fitzurse to the end. Perhaps no writer of fiction has had the courage yet to 3ound fully the deeps of self-decepiion and self-delusion which are to be found in certain egotistic natures. Walter left the house then, not crushed and humbled, but, on the contrary, elate and fall of new purpose. There was a possibility oc curring to him which had not been thought of, certainly had not been talked of, when he made his compact with Romont. Suppose Janette Lisle should refuse to take ad vantage of his self-sacrifice ? Suppose she should de clare that she preferred his love to any other' earthly consideration ? Suppose she would not take back her freedom ? Suppose she were to insist on being his wife? What was he to do then? Could his compact with Romont hold under such conditions ? Could any man be ex pected to insist upon renouncing the hand of the girl he loved, and who loved him, if she, resolved not to be outdone in generosity and affection, were to declare that she would not be renounced? There was something comforting, something hopeful, in these thoughts. Suppose Janette Lisle did then insist on being his wife, with what splendid Aslot would they not go out to America together ; the young hero who had carried off the British earl's granddaughter 1 In . anticipation he saw the delighted society of the new world flinging open its gorgeous saloons to welcome him and his bride. The tempting thought came up in his mind, 'If this should happen, if Janette will not give me up, I have tbe 'money ; destiny . itself has placed it in my hands through the bands of my enemy. We can get away.' - When Christian Pilgrim came back from his purposeless wanderings he found Romont standing on the Jawn near the outer door of the music-room smoking a cigar. There was a certain look of exaltation, if not even exulta tion, on Romont's face, and when he spoke ha spoke like a man in high spirits. ? Pilgrim was surprised to see him still there ; but it was generally understood that no one was to be much surprised at any of the goings and comings of the principal frequenters of Fitz urse House. Romont -.had a letter in his hand. . 'Look here, Pilgrim,' he said, 'my brave companion in Humane Society competition, I particularly want this letter taken tip to the rectory at once. I would take it myself but for reasons.'' . -' . : '111 take it, of course, Mr. Romont; for Mr. Lisle?' ?...?? . : 'No; for Miss Sabine.' Pilgrim drew back a little. . . ' You dont want me to see her F he asked. 'No, not necessary. But I want it to be; quite certain that she gets the letter to-night. She won't have gone to bed yet, I should think ; Irat if she has you can have it given .to her maid or some one, and make it clear that Miss Sabine is to get it at once. She must read it to-night. Ill wait until you come back; I want to have some talk with you,' Pilgrim took the letter and went his way. He felt sure it was a love letter from Romont to Miss Sabine. 'Why not?' be asked him self. ' Who could help hiving her— who could be a fitter lover for her?' . This, however, was all the letter contained. ' Don't expect Mr. Lisle in the morning ; I have not Bee him or sent him any message. There is no necessity now. I am sore it is all right. Don't say anything to her ; she is quite safe now.' Romont did not say a word about bis love. . It would have been unworthy, he thought, to take such advantage of a letter which was to tell her that he had succeeded in saving her friend. He wanted her love ; but didnot want to have any ray of it merely refracted 'from her sudden gratitude. She does love me, he thought ; I can wait. .... ? Pilgrim came backand told him he had given the letter to a servant. Miss Sabine was still up and would -get it. 'I saw Walter Fitzurse in the grounds,' he said. ' In the grounds here?' 'No ; up at the rectory. He didn't see me, I think; he didn't want to see me, perhaps; but I saw him. He was behind one the trees ; perhaps he wanted to know something about vinnie.' ' ' I shouldn't think it was that,' said Romont. 'Idon't suppose he knows anything about what happened. 'I hope not; I shouldn't like him to know; it would only make him more vain than he is. He would take a pleasure in the thought that a pretty girl had tried to drown herself on his account.' ' He isn't thinking about her now, I am sure,' Romoat said. ' He was there anyhow.' ?. . Romont remained silent a moment, a little anxious. Then his looks cleared. ' I know. I see. Poor fellow— he has gone to take a last look ; that is what I should do it I were he. In that way I am in thorough sympathy with the goings on of the ghosts. Pilgrim ; I should like if I were a ghost to be always haunting the places where I had felt anything, happiness or not. Walter Fitzurse is doing the ghost business to-night.' In his heart,. Romout felt' compassion for the fallen and mined young tthwi and thought the better of him because he had stolen away to haunt the spot where his lost love was hidden. A pang of generous pity went through him. He told Pilgrim nothing more about Walter. After an hour or two of talk Romont started to walk home alone. After all the excitement of the day a long lonely walk would suit him. Faint streaks of dawn were showing in the sky as he passed the Old Ferry Inn. . There was an unwonted air of life and activity in the house for suchan hour; there werelights moving about in the rooms here and there. In the river just in front of the hostelry a small steam yacht was lying. Her steam was up, and she was. evidently about to start. A boat was made fast to the steps of the old inn, Romont stopped for a moment and looked at the steamer, and wondered who owned her and what she was going to do ; then glanced at the water, thought of the poor girl he had rescued from it only a few hours ago, and went his way. He reached his home tired, proud, andoa the whole happy in the thought that he had been able to do something which Camiola would be glad to hear of ; and he slept well and had sweet dreams. (To be continued. ) 