Camiola : A Girl with a Fortune. BX JU6TES M'CABTHY. Chapteu XXXII.— OKANGE BLOSSOMS 'WITHER. Walter Fitzurse was quite determined to study hard and ge in regularly for making a great position at the bar, in literature, and in Parliament. He would have to begin with the bar and literature. The Senate would come in good time. He was not yet quite certain as to the path of paramount distinction which he was to tread, but he did not think it was the bar. ' Gout and a peerage at fifty,' Dis raeli's definition of success in the law courts, did not seem exactly an enchanting prospect in his eyes or those of Janette; and neither one nor the other would for a moment have taken account of the fact that gout without the peerage is the more ordinary reward of severe legal studies. Janette yearned for some career for her husband which would have made him a leader of men towards the temple of brother- ' hood and peace; and it seemed to her that possibly the House of Commons might be the best vestibule to such a shrine. Walter began by taking chambers in the Temple. A young man who had taken a set of rooms about twice too large for him agreed to let one half and share of a small clerk to Walter; and here was the first sod of the new career turned. Every morning regularly Walter went to his chambers; and at first he studied law. After a while he found law somewhat dry, and he read a French novel in order to refresh bis mind. Then he fell inspired with poetic passion; and he began a poem full of wild emotion, of yeanling to solve all the mysteries of man's destiny. He did not finish this. He strung his lyre to the theme of love ; he got a certain way on in a piece of lyric effusiveness which it would never do to show to Janette. He drew several heads of women with wonderful masses of hair and divinely pencilled eyebrows; and he began to doubt whether, after au, Nature had not intended him for a painter or a sculptor. Then he found that it was quite time to go to the club and have some luncheon. He met one or two men at the club, and they smoked and played billiards ; and Walter had to hurry away at last in order to get to his chambers in time to be found there by bis wife. It was agreed between them that Janette should always call for him at the chambers at 5 o'clock. If she didn't come and carry him away, she said, she was sure he would stay there until dinner time bunding his eyes with study. Then they would wander home to gether ; and Walter would tell her of his studies and of his literary aspirations, and she was never weary of listening. Sometimes she was able to come in her father's carriage ; and then, indeed, Walter was delighted with her. He was proud to drive through the streetB of the West End in what he complacently called his wife's carriage. He made it stop at the -club, where he told Janette he wanted to leave a message ; and he would get out and keep Janette waiting a few minutes while he went inside and talked to one or two men, and perhaps one of the men would come out on the steps with him when he. was going, and would take off his hat to Janette, and Janette would blush at the idea of being seen waiting for her husband; being seen to have a hus band; and then Walter and she would go off together; and it would be hard to say which was the more proud, she of the husband or he of the carriage. This was what the outer public saw.' Camiola already saw something more. ' Beastly cad, that fellow,' Captain Creighton observed one day to Mr. Montagu Broom, as the two stood on the steps of Walter's dub, and saw Walter and his wife drive off. ' Oh, come now, I don't go quite so far as that, don't yon know,' Mr. Montagu Broom replied, in gentle depreca tion. Mr. Montagu Broom appeared to be one of Walter's closest friends at the club. It was a junior club, and was made up chiefly not of juniors, but of seniors who had not been able to procure admission to any other club. There were some disappointed old soldiers there and a few un promising young soldiers ; some amateur authors who being able to give good dinners occasionally brought real pro fessional authors to dine there. A good many stockbrokers and other gentlemen from the city' were enrolled on the books, and there were some hunting men from the shires, who liked the rather highly flavoured tone of the institution. The club was emphatic in everything. There were pecu liarly gorgeous for coats to be seen on its steps in the winter, and the most startlingly white hats and white waistcoats in the summer. There was a commfln.talk of deep play in connection with this club. When Walter first had the happiness to be made a member he was under the impression that .he was received into one of the most fashionable and exclusive coteries of the metropolis. Mr. Montagu Broom was one of the city men ; he had no end of money to spend. ' Don't think he's so bad as all that,' Mr. Broom pleaded. 'He don't quite know his way about vet; but he will in tune. He's a deuced smart fellow. Got a lot of money with his wife, I'm told. She's an awfully pretty girl, though a trifle pale for my taste.' ' Told he hasn't got a penny,' Captain Creighton said sententiously. ' She comes of a good family I hear.' ' He does too,' Mr. Broom observed. ' Don't you believe it. Mark my words, sir ; that fellow is a cad ; a cad and a sweep.' Now Captain Creighton was a man of good f anu'lv who had somehow got at odds with his good family and with fortune generally. Mr. Montagu Broom was a man who had come up from nobody knew what, and had probablv taken the name of Montagu Broom for what Kinglake calls the sake of euphony. Mr. Broom, therefore, was anxious to make out that all his friends were men of good family: Captain Creighton was always prompted by some mys terious impulse to question their right to that distinction. Walter and Janette drove away proud and happy ; in ignorance of the discussion that was going on about them between the two eminent members of the club. Even if Walter had heard the whole debate, every word, he would not have been displeased. He would, on me contrary, have been highly gratified. He would have taken it as a tribute to his importance; the disparaging comments would have become in that sense a sort of panegyric ; it was something to be talked abou t; if one is not praised the next best thing is to be censured to be ignored is the worst fate that can befall. This was Walter's unwritten creed ; he never could see such real difference between notoriety and fame. He knew people talked about him now a good deal and he was delighted. Camiola was wandering purposeless on the lawn at Fitzurse House the first day of her stay — the day of hci1 arrival. She came on Christian Pilgrim, ' Mr. Pilgrim ! I have not seen vou for a long time ; a very long time. I hope, you are well.' She held out her hand. « ? Pilgrim at first was confused and awkward. He had not spoken to her, he had hardly even seen her, since the day when carried away by a wild passion he made such a foolish figure of himself. He did not like to think of that now. He had no doubt in his wind that liomont was in love with her, and he could not but believe that she must be in love with Romont. No one could help loving her, he thought, but he could not now understand now any.force of passion could have made a man like him, poor elderly Christian Pilgrim, proclaim such a love to such a woman. She was looking pale and not happy ; a shade of melancholy made her more beautiful than ever in poor Pilgrim's eyes. It made her seem more like the kind of divinity^ he would have worshipped ; had often worshipped in his dreams of night and dreams of day — a being in woman's form full of divine sympathy with all the trials and sadnesses of mortals.* 'It is a long time,' he timidly said; and then stam mered out ' I hope you have forgiven me, Miss Sabine ? ' ' Oh, yes ; long since ; let us not think of that, Mr. Pil grim, it was nothing; I said then I forgave it.' ' It was so wrong of me, I so forgot myself, and 1 didn't know then half how good you were.' ' I don't want to t^inV any more about it. I am not angry, we will forget it and be friends.' Another girl would have hastily passed on and left him with the convic tion that she still was offended with him, and so kept his pain all the longer alive. But Camiola never when she could did anything by halves, and she had an instinctive perception that if Mr. Pilgrim and she'were to be good friends again they must begin at once and she must put him on the footing of friendship from that moment. So she stopped in her walk and showed that she was inclined to get into talk with him. ' Yinnie Lammas is so grateful to you,' he said after a moment. ' She is never done saying how much she owes to you.'1' ' Vinnie ; oh, I am very fond of Vinnie. She has a true little heart and a tender nature, and I hope she will be very happy. Oh, here comes Mr. Fitzurse.' Walter Fitzurse indeed was seen lounging up one of the walks from the gate with that air of general ownership of everything which was among his many impressive qualities. He looked a little surprised at seeing Camiola and Pilgrim in seeming close conference. Walter was all for the brother hood and equality of men when he was making eloquent 6peecnes tor janexres ear; out nis personal teeling was that fellows like Pilgrim ought to keep their distance. He made his most graceful bow to Camiola and tried to be at once friendly, dignified, and condescending with Pilgrim. Pilgrim turned abruptly away. ' I do not know how it is, Miss Sabine ; but I have an instinctive consciousness when men dislike me. I am sure our poor friend Pilgrim dqes not like me.' Camiola was wondering whether the same instinctiveness served him in the case of women. She had always disliked him. She had distrusted him from the very first moment. His presence constrained and chilled her. She could talk freely to almost everyone she met except to him. Lately she had come to have better 'reason for her dislike than before ; for ehe could see that he cared nothing for Janette, and that he was growing tired even of pretending to adore her. Camiola had seen this so much that she almost felt tempted to assume a right on the ground of her friendship with Janette and remonstrate with him. Even for his own sake she had sometimes thought it might be well to do this, for assuredly if Janette's father and mother found that there was any cause for complaint they would resent it. But 6he had shrunk from doing anything that would seem to bring her too much into his confidence. ' I don't think Mr. Pilgrim is a man of many dislikes,' she said coldly ; ' he always seems to me a kind-hearted and a just man.' ' Your kind-hearted and just people can have their dis likes, I assure you. But I can see that you would find it hard to understand such feelings , you are far above narrow jealousies and spites.' 'I am sure I am not half so far above them as Mr. Pilgrim is ; I never saw any jealousy or spite in him.' ' You are too good to see ? ' ' I don't care for insipid goodness of that kind. If you mean that for a compliment, Mr. Fitzurse, it doesn't attract me at all. How is Janette f' ' I would much rather talk about you than about Janette. Janette and I get on very well : but'l have not found her all that— well, that a man whom you honoured with your love would find in you.' Camiola lost her temper. She had heard something like this before. 'You tell this to me,' she said; 'to me, f the nearest friend of your wife ; to me, who love Janette better, far better than myself ! You come to me, her friend and sister, more than sister, and you hint your complaints of her and you try to excuse yourself for not understanding her, and you think I can listen to such stuff ? You have taken her out of her happy home where her people adored her, you hare made them angry with her for we first time in all their lives, and now you go on as if — well, to be sure — she was not quite worthy of your sublime attention.' '? It was all done in great haste,' he said; 'we hardly knew what we were doing.' trShe didn't know what she 'was doing,' Camiola ex claimed in generous anger. '*T did ; j'es, I never believed that she was doing a good thing for herself ; I never trusted you.' ' I can forgive anything you say to me because it shows the nobleness of your friendship for her. How generous and brave you are, Miss Sabine. ' ' Generous and braves because I stand up for my dear, darling Janette ? What sort of women can you have known, Mr. Fitzurse, if you call that generous and* brave ?' 'Women generally are not quite so devoted to other women, I have always heard- But you can afford to be generous you can have no fear of rivalry anywhere.' 'Rivalry~4nwhat'f' ' Well, m the world's admiration, I suppose.' ' Were we talking about the world's admiration ? What do I know about the world ! What have I to do with its admiration F' ' Our own little world is the world to all of us ; and in that world you have Its whole admiration ; who that knows you does not admire you?' She grew red and hot, and she did not want to show too much anger. He was becoming dangerously, odiously com plimentary in his words and his way of putting them, and Camiola was especially anxious not to show anv perception of such a meaning. 'Thank you,' she said, quietly, 'that is very kind of you. I do like^i great many people, and I am glad if they like me ; but we were talking about Janette.' '*' You have the love of all the men who knowjou, I think,' he said in a sort of dreamy way, as if he were only talking aloud. 'I verily believe'poor Pilgrim adores the ground you tread on.' This was said in such a way as to make it seem a mere playful and harmless allusion. Walter began, indeed to bo afraid that he had gone rather too far. ' Very few men whose respect and regard I should value more than I do Mr. Pilgrim's. But I wanted to sav some thing about Janette, Mr. Fitzurse ; I shouldn't begun this talk only for you— but as you did begin [it I think I must say something.' He shrugged his shoulders melodramatically. ' I know what you want to say ; I can guess it ; and I know that everything you say will be just and right.' Chapter XXXHL— SPECTRAL ILLUSIONS. Camiola was preparing hastily in her own mind quite an eloquent and impressive while, at the same time, highly politic and ingenious little speech, hi reply to Fitzurse's invitation. She intended to appeal to him on behalf of Janette and of himself, to try to bring him to a sense ot the foolishness as well as the ingratitude of the part he was playing, and at the same time to evade all admission of any in caning in his style of compliment to herself. She would not condescend to acknowledge that ehe believed there was any sinister intent in his words of compliment, or to notice them as compliment at all. We do not know what effect the eloquence and ingenuity of the speech might have produced on Walter if it had been spoken; but it was not spoken. Mrs. Pollen coming out of the house interrupted the con versa Hon. Camiola had been -waiting for Mrs. Pollen, who was to return t»4»wn for the evetttng; shSHad T-eeri~wandering, as we have said, purposeless on the lawn while Mrs. Pollen was making her preparations. ' Oh. ! you are here,' Mrs. Pollen said, in not too gra cious recognition of Walter's presence. ' I didn't expect to see you^on this side of the water. How did you tear yourself away from the fascinations of the West End P How are all the Countesses and Marchionesses ? How will they get on without you ?' Fitzurse smiled a rather feeble sort of smile. He did not like to be chaffed, especially before a pretty girl. 'I don't know; we are not much acquainted with Marchionesses and Countesses ; we are very quiet people.' ' 'We ? who are we F' ' Well, Janette and I, of course.' ' To be sure, I had quite forgotten Janette.' This was said with a significance which made 'Walter turn pale. He could not afford to lose his temper with Mrs. Pollen or he would then have lost his temper most assuredly. What Mrs. Pollen meant him to understand was : 'I had for gotten, to think of Janette as a being inseparable from you.' He quite understood her meaning. ' Well, how is Janette, as you hiive mentioned her ?' ' She is very well, thank you.' 'Camiola dear, we are going directly. Will you get your things on ?' Camiola disappeared into the hocae, glad to escape, yet feeling as if she ought to have delivered her speech. 'You couldn't guess,- perhaps, why I came over to Fitzurse House so soon,' Walter said, with a desperate attempt to seem at his ease If the attempt had not been bo evidently made, Mrs. Pollen might not perhaps have known quite so* quickly that he was not at his ease. ' I dare say *I could guess if I tried. Shall I try ?' ' If you please. I should be curious to know if you really could guess.' ' By the way I don't guess, in that sense of the word ; in your sense; I never could guess anything in that way; I see things and I draw conclusions. Well, Bupposel say that you came over to see about my Albanian Joseph f ' This was a bold shot of Mrs. Pollen's ; but its very bold ness would in any case have served her purpose. If Walter had not been thinking of Joseph, the mere mention of his name would convey to him the idea that in Mrs. Pollen's mind there was some reason why he should be tm'nking of Joseph and thus set his alarms all going once again. If on the other hand he had come to ask something about Joseph, the correctness of her conclusions could notlrat im press him. It did impress him ; Mrs. Pollen was right ; he had come in the hope to find out something about Joseph. Joseph was his spectre ; Joseph unseen was even worse than Joseph seen. A great actor produced a fine effect in Hamlet by making Hamlet after he has first seen the Ghost glance round him with uneasy eyes every other moment, expecting the awful presence again, and disturbed by the absence not less than by the apparition. Walter's mind was thus wrought on by the absence of tho Albanian. Joseph was absent indeed for this moment; * but when might not he be present again, and for what purpose ¥ Mrs. Pollen, it must be owned, found a certain unchristian pleasure in observing and working upon Walter's feelings and his fears. She had been hearing bad stories about him in the West End lately, and she was becoming pitiless so far as he was concerned, while very pitiful indeed for Janette. ' . , 'Yes; it was about Joseph,' Fitzurse answered with seeming caielesshesB. He was becoming master of himself. ' The fact is, I understood from you that you did not feel quite certain about keeping him on *, and I was^ talking to some men, and I didn't know if I might not be in the way of placing him well, if you would like to have him placed here in London.' 'Would you think of employing him yourself r' ene asked, and she fixed her eyes on him. « I ? Oh, well— I couldn't afford, you know— why do you ask?' ' If you could take him into your service it might not be a bad thing. Joseph is a peculiar sort of person ; he is very faithful to his master ; he has all the devotion of the wolMog or the bloodhound. If I had committed a murder — or tried to commit one— I should feel perfectly safe in letting Joseph know all about it— so long as he was in my service. But I should try not to lose him if he had auch a jsecret of mine in his keeping. He has some capital qualities ? that is why I think it might not be half a bad thing if you were to employ him— always supposing he would have you as a master. He might not perhaps.' * Mrs. Pollen must have been far less keen- sighted than she was if she had not noted the effect which her words, sent as a mere shot in the darkness, wrought on their victim. Walter turned a livid pale and positively trembled. His eyes were lit by a blue light of fear, and anger, and something like Hate. 'What on earth can this be f ' Mrs. Pollen, meanwhile, was asking of her own mind. ' He can't have been doing any murder, surely V He can't have been trying to kill somebody ? Yet I have certainly made a hit in that direc ' Mrs. Pollen, I really don't understand you ; I won't even pretend to understand you.' ' Don't you? Pretend, if you can, not to understand mo ! There— I should like to see you do that. Just look me vou have not the least idea of what I mean. That will do. You would never make a decent amateur actor ; you will never be as good as Bertie Romont at that sort of busi ness either.' Walter started at the mention of Romont's name. *? Bertie Romont is a very good amateur actor,' she went ?on. ' I couldn't get things out of him as easily as I can ?out of you. So then he knows all about it too ? We are ?quite a parlU carree : you and I, and Joseph and Romont ! Well, if a secret confided to three persons besides him whom St specially concerns can be kept for ever, the world is growing less communicative than it used be in my younger Hlays, and the reeds now would never blab the secret of King Midas ! You want to know, I suppose, why I have brought all this up just now ?' He only nodded his head ; he was quite overmastered for the moment. r»= . , , , , , . ' I'll tell vou. I have beeflfibeanng bad tales about you. I don't know that your wife complains of you as yet, but she has reason to complain. Now, mind ; I told you before that your love— I mean your love for Janette— would betne beet title of your ambition to success. We have given you an amnesty for the past, some of us who know ; but it is conditional, not absolute. Don't provoke us, and everything may go on well with you still. But, remember, the amnesty is conditional, and there are three people, as well as yourself, in the secret— there; that will do for the present. lam sorry we have to return to town, so quickly, Miss Sabino and I ; Miss Sabine is going to stay with me in town for ^the present. We shall see you, of course, and Janette i The carriage is ready, 'Camiola, dear.' ' Camiola had returned. As she said good-bye to Waiter she held his hand for one little second as if in a kino; of mute appeal. She longed to make her little speech to him about Janette, to plead for Janette's happiness; to warn him that he would do himself and her only harm if he set people thinking that he neglected her. But there was no chance to speak the little speech |now, and perhaps after al she could do no good by speaking it. She took her hand away, and- a moment after Walter found himself alone on. the iawn of Fitzurse House in a condition of semistupefac n'ow if we might venture on the frivolity of asking any reader to play a sort of game with us, we should like to ask that reader what he or she flunks was the first distinct sensation in Walter Fitzurse's mind when he began to pul himself together and collect his ideas out of the muddte of mere stupefaction. If this story has at all succeeded in conveying a clear idea of Walter's nature, ways, and tem perament, the answer ought to be easy. The first sensation 3f which he was conscious was the thought that CanuoU had taken leave of him with a peculiar pressure of the hand. The kindly, generous, eeK-forgetM impulse which moved her to give that half tuuspiwaouB pressure, &a; im ; pulse which translated into words would h»ve end, uOb,^ teiore it is too late— for her sake and your own sake ; for those who love her, and for those who at least wish you well, take thought and do not throw away her love' — that impulse was for the moment wholly misunderstood by Fitzurse. To him it was evidence of a certain tender in terest hi him. It was part of his creed that- every woman, however well meaning and well brought up, loved praise, and even flattery, and was open to the influence of any words from any man which professed admiration and luce. ? There are men who make it their creed that women are all turned out by nature on precisely the same pattern, like Nuremberg tin soldiers; that know one and you know all; end that the touch of nature which makes the whole woman world kin is sensibility to admiration and to professions of love. Above every other feeling1 in his mind now there soared the exulting thought that he had made love to Camiola, and that Camiola had been touched by his words. That slight momentary pressure of the hand made a bond of sentiment between them, he thought. His vanity was in flated, and soared with him into the very skies. He passed out of the gates of Fitzurse House. Of course, as he walked along the sense of his danger came back on him. He could not doubt any longer that Mrs. Pollen knew his whole secret. Mrs. Pollen who, as she drove on wirn uanuoia, was unusuauy suent, porpiexing herself with conjectures as to what Walter could possibly have done, or tried to do, which made him so much affrighted when the dial which spoke not 'made shrewd sign and pointed full upon die stroke of murder.' Well, he must be more careful for the future. It was clear that he was safe in Mrs. Pollen's hands so long as lie was properly loving and attentive to Janette ; and he would be properly loving and attentive to Janette for the future. Joseph of course was a danger ; but somehow he fancied that Mrs. Pollen meant to convey the idea that she could keep Joseph safely in hand if only he, Walter, did not provoke her wrath against him. After all, what was it that , could be bronght against him? He had not done any murder; a sudden act of passion ending in nothing could not come to much even if brought against him. He had not stolen any money ; it was only at the very worst an in ference that he had* ever intended to steal; and he knew that he never had any such intention ; he always liieaut to pay back the money again. He was boconun* cheered and consoled in mind. Oh, yes; it would be all right. He would return to his devotion for dear, sweet Janette who loved him so ; he would absolutely get out of the flirtation with Lady Pallas ; evidently Mrs. Pollen had been hearing of that ; 'that was what she meant by the bad tales people had been telling her, and by her allusion to Countesses and Marchionesses. He would be very attentive to Janette for the future; and in his mind there was the sweetening thought that after all Camiola Sabine would be a good deal with Janette now that she was going over to London to stay with Mrs. Pollen. Things began to look brighter and better for our young self -elected representative of the illus trious house of Fitzurse. It was a beautiful evening, too, as he walked along meditating. The flirtation with Lady Pallas was a very harmless piece of business so far as Lady Pallas herself was concerned. There was in Lady Pallas's mind no thought of harm, in the ordinary sense of the word. Scandal had never breathed a doubt of the purity of Lady Pallas's reputation. Only there can be an immense amount of pain wrought and evil dene by ladieB on whose moral character taint of suspicion has never fallen. Hearts may be broken and homes made unhappy by such ladies. Lady Pallas was the wife of the Earl of Pallas, a distinguished diplomatist, who had married somewhat late in life. Lady Pallas liked to be talked of, and she liked to have men about her who were talked of, and she had taken very much to Walter Fitzurse after his romantic marriage. She was very friendly with Janette, and was amused by Janette's theories of life and her adoration of her husband, and Lady Pallas thought it would be good fun to make a victim of Walter and show him off as her victim. She was still young, and handsome, and attractive, and poor Walter felt all the devotion of his nature pour out to handsome women of rank. So he let Lady Pallas make a fool of him while thinking in bis own mind that he was a very splendid figure in society: &nd; Janette was already beginning to suffer end let her suffering be seen, which gratified Lady Pallas inuoeneei^ 