TO THE EDITOR. SIR—In your last Mr. Cornish says—"Mr. Neill's theory that life and death have a different meaning in Scripture to what they have in ordinary usage would involve a dominant hierarchy of priestly interpretation that would take the Bible out of the hands of the people, and land us back into the dark days of intolerant popery and serfdom, from which we all pray may the good Lord deliver us." The above is like a loud explosion with blank cartridge, and one need only keep cool and carry on investigation when the smoke clears. The Lord Jesus says in John v. 25, in reference to the preaching of the gospel—" The dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God, and they that hear shall live." Does Mr. C. think it would be any use to preach to dead men, taking the word dead in the ordinary usage. Imagine a preacher standing over a corpse and saying in the language of Eph. vi. 14—" Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light." This would be consistent with Mr. C.'s extreme literalism. Does Mr. C. insist that the Colossiana were dead corpses when Paul wrote " For ye are dead."—Col. iii. 3. In ordinary usage the term dead implies this. There were some in the Apostle's day to whom he could not speak as unto spiritual, but as carnal, even as unto babes in Christ. I should be sorry to think of Mr. C. as carnal, but he wants to bring spiritual things to a carnal level. Allow me to show that the word life is also used in Scripture in a different sense from ordinary usage. John iii. 36—"He that believeth not the Son shall not see life but the wrath of God abideth on him." Is the unbeliever dead in the ordinary sense or usage of the word. Even Mr. C. believes he will have part in the resurrection of the unjust, Although raised from the dead, he will not see life in the Scripture sense. One would suppose that a babe in Christ would understand that spiritual death is separation from God. To have been forsaken of his Father formed the bitter part of death to our blessed Saviour on the cross, when He as our substitute became sin, Who knew no sin. . „ . ' Mr. C. and H. J. C. both speak of the Lord's teaching concerning Dives and Lazarus as a parable. Where is their authority for doing so ? Luke does not say it was a parable. Even if it were a parable they will not give their Lord that credit which so many writers of fiction claim—viz.—that it was founded on facts. Could a greater reflection on Christ as a teacher be made ? It reduces Him to the level of an old woman telling ghost stories to children to frighten them. H, J. C.'s quotation from 1 Cor. 15-18 is a contortion. It is not "If there be no resurrection," but " If Christ be not risen then they also who bave fallen asleep in Christ have perished." Christ rose for our justification, and if He rose not we are yet in our sins, and our faith is vain. H. J. C. further says this punishment will terminate in the second death, or everlasting destruction from the presence ot the Lord. Let your readers mark that word terminate, and I think they will agree with me that the theory teaches that the second death is no punishment, but a deliverance; and thus a counterfeit gospel is introduced. The infidels of France at the first revolution wrote over the entrance of the entrance of the Parisian cemetery- Death is an eternal sleep. Had H. J. C. been there he would doubtless have prefixed the words—The second. I am, Sir, &c.;, THOMAS NEILL. 