THE ELECTIONS. BATHURST NOMINATION. At noon on Monday the nomination at Bath urst took place on the hustings on the Market Square. At the commencement of proceedings there were only about 300 electors present, but the crowd gradually swelled until it assumed large dimensions. The Returning Officer, Mr. J. B. Dulhunty, read the writ and asked tho electors to prove themselves men worthy of a vote by listening intelligently, and not behaving like a lot of howling idiots. The necessary deposits having been made on. behalf of Mr. Suttor and Mr. Meagher, and no other being forthcoming, the Returning Officer called upon the proposer of each candidate. Mr. J. N. McIntosh nominated Mr. Suttor, and explained that eleven years had passed since Mr. Suttor was first elected and he had served the electorate well. He was sure not one word would be said against Mr. Meagher, who was an honest, straightforward, upright man and good citizen (Mr. Meagher : Why not run me down, Mr. McIntosh, and not praise me up. — Laughter.) Simply because I can't. He referred to Mr. Suttor'a success in getting the telegraph-office, court house, and gaol in Bath urst, the latter of which was a large benefit, for some of them might want accommodation there — (Laughter.) He had also succeeded in getting the railway workshops, and done a great deal for them ; and he was sure they would show their appreciation of his efforts by returning him as their representative. Mr. W. H. Paul in seconding the nomi- nation referred to the loss of Mr. Curtis, who had been one of Mr. Suttor's staunch- est supporters since his first appearance. He (the speaker) could not support Mr. Meagher because of his opinions regarding public education. (A Voice: What do you know about them?) He had heard them fre- quently, and knew that he was opposed to the present Act. He was also inexperienced, and for this reason among others he opposed him, although he held him in high estimation as an honest, straightforward citizen. In a letter to the paper Mr. Meagher declared that among the Roman Catholics there was no political organization, (laughter and applause), but he only wished that the Orangemen were as well organized politically. One other candidate had shewn himself, but as he saw that between the Orange and the Green he was likely to for- feit his £10 he had wisely withdrawn. Mr. Meagher had often been asked to come forward, but this man, Mr. Wilton, he did not believe had been asked by one elector. But he had come armed with a letter from Sir Patrick Jennings to Bishop Byrne in the Catholic interest. (Uproar, and a voice— How do you know it?) He had it from Mr. Wilton himself, who said he had been promised the Catholic vote. (Uproar). He was glad that he had withdrawn, as it gave them an opportunity of having a fair, open, manly fight. He was as enthusiastic over this as over any previous contest, but there was no room for bitterness in this contest, and he opposed Mr. Meagher on principle. Mr. J. Knights nominated Mr. John Meagher. He could not tell what Mr. Meagher had done, and in this sense Mr. Suttor's proposer, had an advantage over him, for Mr. Meagher had no Parliamentary career. But they all knew what Mr. Suttor had done without being told, and Mr. Meagher had never done anything in the same direction because he had not been asked. (A Voice; Yes, he gave us cheap sugar. Another Voice : Blow your nose.) He did not oppose Mr. Suttor on personal grounds, for he respected him as much as any of his sup- porters, but Mr. Meagher had consented to go with the times. Mr. Meagher: Not the Bathurst Times, tell them), and therefore he supported him. He knew him when he was behind Mr. Webb's counter, and they all knew he was a self-made man. (Applause.) They could not say this of every man in the crowd. (A Voice : Some of us are). If they wanted a man to look after their interests they should choose the man who had proved that he could look after himself. As he had said Mr. Meagher had ex- pressed his willingness to go with the times, and, with other members of the community, he considered that a change was necessary. They had been a long time labouring under free trade. (Voices: Ah, ah, and laughter.) The colony was free trade-in name but not in fact. If it was he would not be present, but one class was being protected at the expense of the others. They wanted a man who would assist them when they asked him. Mr. Suttor told them, that he believed in full free trade (cheers), but he (the speaker) believed in re- ciprocity or fair trade. (A Voice : That means more money for your wheat.) Yes, but were they aware that salt, rope, sugar and other things were already taxed, and that there was no tax on silk dresses or carriages? It was protection of the most corrupt kind. (Inter- ruption, during which the Returning Officer had to call to order.) Mr. Meagher had ex- pressed his willingness to have the farmers' interests and native industry fostered. (Voices ; He said he was a free trader, and disturbances.) If they returned him he would look after the interests of the district and would move with the times. He did not believe in men who would stick to free trade from one election to another, and who would not recognise fair trade. (A Voice : What is fair trade.) It was this— we do to you as you do to us. If you hit me I hit you; (Cries of well done.) If they wanted fair trade and to do away with this internal so-called free trade they must support men who would advocate it. He was not such a jenny, however, as to believe any- thing he could say would change their minds, for he believed they all had their minds made up. Friday was the day to act, and he hoped they would all rally round John Meagher. The nomination was seconded by Mr. Harry C. Matthews. As a native of the colony he believed a change, in their representative was required, and they could not got a better repre sentative than Mr. Meagher. Mr. Suttor was received with applause. He referred to the loss which he and the district had received by the death of Mr. Clements, who had acted so efficiently as Returning Officer in several elections, and whose suc- cessor he hoped would prove equally independent and impartial. He also referred to the death of Mr. Curtis, who had been his seconder at every election and his too partial friend, and Mr. T. J. McCarthy, who was the friend of all. But he was gratified to find that other ardent, honest supporters were gathering round him, and he did not think the day had yet 'come when the people would not know Joseph, and he would have to retire— (Ap- plause.) It had been truly said that every one had his day, but he believed that after a hard manly fight he would win on Friday. (Ap plause and a voice : What about Mulholland ?) In the first place he wished to shew how Bathurst had been treated by the Government of the day. It had been usual for the Bathurst election to follow close upon the heels of Sydney, and it was only fair that Bathurst, Goulburn and other places should so be fixed. It was usual also for the polling day to be fixed or the day following the nomination ; but this had been altered on the present occasion. A considerable time had elapsed between the elections in the metropolis and those in the country places, and four days had been fixed to elapse between the nomination and polling at Bathurst. The object of this was to allow the Government to foist upon Bathurst any of their supporters who might be defeated at other places.(A Voice : We have not seen any of them yet.) Yes we have, and from his own lips, on Mr. Paul's authority, they had learned that he had been sent up by the Government, through Sir Patrick Jennings— to lose his £10 if he had gone to the poll. He could now tell Sydney people that they could look after themselves, the battle being between himself and Mr. Meagher, and he believed it would be fought out fairly. (Applause.) Here was another thing done by the Government. Some of the electors on the Electoral Roll for Bathurst who lived at Wellington and Dubbo, and who could not come here to vote, had taken the constitutional course of applying to the Returning Officer to have polling places appointed there. Well, the Returning Officer received a reply from the Government to the effect that a new polling place was never established after the issue of the writs ; but he held in his hand a Gazette shewing that one polling place in another electorate, where he believed a Government supporter was a candidate had been established so late as Wednesday last. (Groans for the Government). He asked if that was fair play ? (No). The Government evidently desired to keep him out of Parliament for some reason or other, and these things pointed in that direction. He was going to follow the example set in Sydney and not address them at any great length from the hustings, and he asked their patience while he dealt with two or three important subjects. — Mr. Suttor then proceeded to repeat some of the remarks made by him at his first meeting, which has been fully reported in our columns. He described the new Land Bill as a measure detrimental to the country ; and said he was so firmly con vinced of its injustice that if any fair amend- ments were introduced he would support them, but he would not for one moment be an ad- vocate for repudiation, and would insist that any act or contract between individuals and the Government under that measure should not be disturbed. When the Civil Service Act, also passed by the Government, was being discussed he was under the impres- sion that all civil servants would come under its provisions, but as it was administered he found that many good officers had been left out entirely. He did his best with others with the view of amending it, but seeing that the Government had such a strong majority they had given up, and cast the responsibility of the measure upon the Government. One of the clauses provided for promotions by seniority, but this, while good as far as it went, would as a hard and fast rule work injuriously, and would prevent any young officer, however able he might be, from advancing to position over an older man in the service, although that man might be thoroughly incapable This would deter young men from activity, and would in- duce them to keep to the Government stroke, not seeking to advance, knowing that they could not hope for promotion as a reward for efficient service. The Act ought to be more elastic and enable the Minister or the Board to go outside that clause and pick out the best man for any position, irrespective of the length of time he had been in the service. (Applause.) Speaking of the Local Government Bill he said several such measures had been introduced, and one of them had been brought in by the Government of which he was a member. It would be better for the people of any community if they could regulate their own affairs, and not be compelled to go cap in hand to the Government for everything they required. The Bill introduced by the pre- sent Government compelled every municipality to come under its operation, but, the one intro- duced by Sir Henry Parkes gave them the choice, placing the opportunity within their reach. This he believed was fairer to the country towns. The present Bill contained 400 clauses, and the Government had the audacity to ask them to pass it in the short time between the last meeting of Parliament and its natural expiration— some two or three months. He had protested against this, contending that the electors ought to have an opportunity of ex pressing an opinion upon such an important measure. Some of the clauses were diffiault. to understand, but if he were wrong in his interpretation of them no doubt, he would be corrected by his opponent, who as a candidate for their suffrages had of course studied the measure. One of the provisions was that Municipalities should have endow- ment for 21 years, but as he read it, it meant that only those Municipalities formed under the Bill would have that endowment; so that the old Municipalities would be deprived of benefit. If this was the meaning of the Bill it ought not to receive the sanction of the people, and he argued that it endowments were right at any time they should be continued for all time. Referring to the Health Bill of 300 clauses which the Government had endeavoured to force upon the House until they were driven to conclude that the best thing they could do was to dissolve Parliament— and he was not sorry, for this as it would give them an oppor- tunity of having a fair fight and returning the best men, although he thought some of the Government were sorry enough— (Laughter.) He pointed out that it provided for the establishment of a Central Board in Sydney who would send one of their officers to a country district, who would tell the Municipal Council (say of Bathurst) what they must do, and if they did not follow his in- tructions he would report to the Board, who would take the whole management out of the Council's hands, and they would have one man snapping his fingers at them and the Munici- pality governed by a Board in Sydney. How would Bathurst like that ? (Laughter and ap- plause.) And this man would be appointed by the Board on its own responsibility. This was one of the follies of this drastic measure. Then two doctors under that Bill could order any building to be pulled down, and he failed to see what special qualifications over aldermen doctors possessed for this kind of work. This was a matter to which their representative, whether it happened to be himself or Mr. Meagher, would have to give great considera- tion. Another clause provided that if a child was suffering from any infectious disease, say scar- letina or measles, it should not be sent to school for three months, the penalty for send- ing it within that time being £5 ;and if there was infectious disease in the house any child living there must not be sent within three months under a similar penalty, whether it had the disease or not. (A Voice : And quite right, too). He was only, surprised that it did not contain a clause prohibiting a child's atten- dance if it had chanced to see any person with a disease in the street. (Laughter.) Speaking of the Federal Bill he said no one was more anxious than he was too see federation if it was established on a sound basis, but it was not fair or right that this important colony should have only equal powers with such small colonies as Fiji or Western Australia. It was the greatest bunkum talking about federation until a customs union was established between the colonies. There must be a union of tariffs before good could be accomplished. Until just recently the colony had been in a state of darkness concerning the finances, but from the hint recently given by Mr. Dibbs, when the financial statement was made they would find that the colony was lamentably in debt; and although Mr. Dibbs had said there would be no necessity for fresh taxation they would either have to impose fresh taxation or else make great retrenchment, and he believed they would have to do both. (Hear.) No one was more in favour of railways than he was, but he had a serious objection to the making of political lines. (A Voice: What about the Perth and Rockley line, £195,000 ?) Would that line pay for the grease used in the wheels? (Voices : No.) One of these political lines pro- posed was the Grafton and Glen Innes line, which was most costly and altogether un- necessary. Although Grafton was a seaport and had cheap and easy communication with Sydney, and Glen Innes already connected with Newcastle by rail, it was proposed to form this line, about 100 miles in length across a barren waste, at an expenditure of £20,000 per mile. The difficult track across the Blue Mountains only cost £16,000, and yet the Government proposed to expend £20,000 on this useless work, the only result of which would be the interception of traffic between Glen Innes and Grafton already established. Against this proposal he and others had protested, and it was only carried by a majority of one. Mr. Knights had said he opposed him because he would not go with the times, but he would not be a drift- ing weathercock for the purpose of catching votes. (Applause and interruption.) He was a free trader and he intended to remain so. Applause.) But how could Mr. Knights know the opinions of his opponent, when that gentle- man had wisely refrained from making known his views until the present moment ? But upon this subject Mr. Meagher expressed his opinion some time ago, saying at Mr. Heydon's meeting that he was an out and out freetrader. (Applause.) He had a high opinion of Mr. Meagher's honesty and did not believe that he would change his opinion for Mr. Knight or any other person. (Mr. Chapple : All that will be qualified.) Mr, Knights had only gone into one side of the question, and it was a rather strange thing that Mr. Meagher should have been nominated by two outsiders. (A Voice: Two wheat buyers.) Mr. Knights could hardly be called a citizen, and Mr. Matthews was not. (Interruption.) And what did Mr. Knights and his friends do ? They wanted the electors to pay a penny extra on every loaf they eat, and wanted them to assist in the work. If this succeeded only the farmers would receive benefit, and the public would have to pay more for their bread. In advocating free trade he was advocating what certainly was to the advantage of the working men and mechanics, who formed the great body of consumers. He was a party to the passing of the Education Act, which he liked better the more he saw of it, and he did not think the electors of Bathurst would put in any man who was opposed to it. He had been warned by some of his supporters not to say anything against Mr. Meagher. (Mr. Gallagher: I defy you) Ah, don't defy me. He had said he would not do so, for the simple reason that he could not if he wanted to ; and he was sure none of his friends wanted to either. He was glad they had brought out a foeman worthy of his steel, who would fight the battle with him honestly and well. He was handicapped, however, in that Mr. Meagher had no political sins to answer for, and possessed the eloquence of speech so characteristic of his countrymen. (Laughter, and Mr. Meagher : Now, now, that will do.) But, although handicapped in this way, no man would go in with a more honest purpose and determination to do his duty than he (Mr. Suttor) would. He would yield to no man in the purity of his motives and his honest desire to do his duty, and since he had been a representative he had treated friends and opponents with the same consideration, and had done his best for each when appealed to. (Cheers, and Mr. Chapple : That's a fact.) He was not opposing Mr. Meagher, but, Mr. Meagher was opposing him. He did not know what Mr. Meagher's political opinions were, and he did not think the electors did. Perhaps Mr. Meagher opposed him on some large constitutional question, but whatever the ground of his opposition might be the electors should fairly and honestly consider the claims of each candidate and vote for the man they considered best fitted to represent them. (Applause.) His proposer had referred to Mr. Meagher's being a colt, but on this occasion he trusted they would vote for the old horse and not for the mare (Laughter and applause.) In answer to questions Mr. Suttor said he considered that Mr. Knights had no claim to be called a citizen, seeing that he he advocated the claims of his allies outside the city against those of the people inside. (Mr. Knights : Take the farmers from the city and what would become of it ?) His reply to that was— take the city from the farmers and what would become of them ? He believed the fairest trade was free trade. Fair trade was another name for protection. He had received a writ from Mr. Musson, but what stand he would take regarding it rested entirely with himself and his solicitor. He had been a party in voting £100,000 for im- migration purposes, believing at the time that it was required. He would support any rea- sonable proposal for mining on private property. He would not abolish land sales, for citizens in town should have the privilege of purchasing land as well as selectors. He would not vote for a proposal to allow children to be carried free on the railway to all schools, for the rea- son that as the Government had established public schools at great expense, which schools were open to all, it would be wrong to place the public railways at the service of other schools which did not really belong to the people. He was not in favor of opening public houses on Sunday, and believed that many publicans appreciated the privilege now af- forded them of quiet social pleasure on the Sunday. He was a party to bringing in the Licensing Bill, and would extend the principle of local option, allowing it to work on the basis of the general electoral roll, instead of confining it to the ratepayers ; but he would not apply it to renewals, unless some fair pro- vision were made for compensation. He thought that any employee who was charged with an offence was entitled to full representa- tion at any inquiry that might be held, and if any grievance existed and proper representa tion was made to him he would give it at- tention. Mr. Goodchap was an impartial man, and he did not believe that half the complaints reached his ears. If it was proved that the present system of dealing with complaints was not satisfactory, he thought a Board contain- ing one member elected by the employee would be a good thing, and he would support it. Clubs were like private houses, and it was open to working men to have clubs and obtain their glass of beer on the Sunday. (Mr. Suttor retired amidst applause and dissent.) Mr. Meagher was well received. He said that although he might be a colt in this sort of thing he was old enough to have lost some teeth. Mr. Suttor had tried to take a rise out of him by saying that he was an eloquent speaker, but he was laboring under a mistake, and reminded him of a story of a country-boy of his own. He was asked if he had said his prayers. "No," said he, "I haven't, but I have a brother at home, who is a devil at 'em." (Great Laughter.) Mr. Suttor was confusing him with his brother. (Applause and laughter). He came before them as an old colt to ask them to send him to Parliament to get broken in. He had the greatest respect for Mr. Suttor, and for all his family, and would not allow any man to traduce them in his presence. (Ap- plause.) He could not say one word in dis- pargement of his private character, but he had come before them to ask them as an honourable man to return him in preference to Mr. Suttor. (Applause and dissent.) He believed he was a better man than Mr. Suttor, because his in- terests in the city were far greater than his. He was bound up hand and foot, body and soul, with the interests of Bathurst and its surroundings. (Applause.) He was dependent also upon Bathurst, but Mr. Suttor was not. Mr. Suttor in his address said that Bathurst was not a pocket borough of the family, and advanced as proof that he had not a vote as an elector. He asked them, was that the man to send to Parliament? (Cries of No and Yes.) Mr. Suttor had been in Parliament eleven years and what had he done for Bathurst ? (A Voice : A great deal.) It had been said that he had got the court house and post offices, but the fact was that Mr. Combes had got the court house, and all these things would have been brought around by time. (Applause and dissent.) He (the speaker) did not want gaols but would give employment to the people to keep them out of gaol. (Applause.) If elected he would be an independent man, not bound to Parkes, Stuart, Dibbs, nor anyone else. The reason why they could not get the Lands Office in Bathurst was because of Mr. Suttor's thick and thin support of Sir Henry Parkes. (Ap- plause and dissent). If they had as their representative an independent man, who was not bound up soul -and body in Parkes, they would have got the Lands Office. (A Voice : Parkes is the best man of the lot, and uproar.) He was opposed to Sir Henry Parkes, but if even he brought forward a good measure he would support it. But was Parkes the man they wanted to lead the country. (Cries of no and yes, and uproar, in the midst of which Mr. Paul from the hustings called out "Three cheers for Parkes," which were given Mr. Meagher pro- tested against each interruption by anyone on the platform, and the Returning Officer threatened to put anyone offending in future off the hustings.) It had been said that Parkes was a great man, a wonderful man, but did any man ever say that he was an honest man? Would Mr. Webb, for instance, care to put him in his counting house and give him charge of the cash ? (Laughter and cheers.) He thought not. They wanted something better in their public men than simply cleverness— some better qualities. Tom Pepper and others of his class were clever, but this was not all that was wanted. Yet Parkes was the man that Mr. Suttor was bound up with, and what did he support him for ? (Mr. Gallagher : A billet.— Uproar). Mr. Suttor was not a disinterested supporter, but sought to get the loaves and fishes of the Government. (Uproar). This was why the present Government had such a strong following— all were expecting the loaves and fishes. In Orange they found one of the strongdtt supporters of the Government, Mr. Clarke, admitting that he supported them because he expected to get a portfolio. And here they saw Mr. Paul's consistency. He sup- ported Mr. Suttor for Bathurst and Mr. Clarke for Orange. (Mr. Paul : In preference to a worse man). He (Mr. Meagher) would not take any advantage of Mr. Suttor's weakness, but would fight manfully, and because Mr. Suttor had no vote he would not record the vote which he had, and thus show magnanimity. (Applause.) Mr. Suttor had spoken of political railways, but Mr. Suttor's government had voted for the construc- tion of a railway which would injuriously affect Bathurst, and had brought the line via Iron- barks instead of Molong; but when he was told that Mr. Suttor had a station in the vicinity of Ironbarks he could understand the milk in the cocoanut. (Applause and dissent). Then the railway to Mudgee was one of the most detrimental acts ever performed, because the loss upon the line would be perpetual and remain for time immemorial. That line had been constructed by the Suttor Government. If for no other reason he would come forward to try to put an end to the iniquitous differen- tial railway rates. It was a crying shame that the colonists should have to pay for carrying the goods of the Sydney merchants to Hay and beyond at a loss. While it cost Sydney mer- chants only £20 per truck to send to Hay, it cost us £57 per truck to send to Nyngan. Was that fair or equitable? If it was necessary that goods should be carried at a loss let it be general, and not partial to one line, and if re- turned he would do his best to put an end to this crying injustice. If these railways to Hay and Albury do not pay let, them be cut off and go to other colonies, if need be, and let the money be spent in irrigating the country in that direction and making it productive. (Applause and dissent). By sending a storekeeper to Parliament the Bathurst electors would benefit, for he was bound up with the interests of all classes. A storekeeper would represent the interests of the squatter; he would represent the interests of the farmer, which were identical with his own ; he would represent the interests of the mechanic and see that he got good wages, knowing that he would spend the money in purchasing sup plies; and he would represent the labouring men, than which he could not do a better work. He did not say this to catch votes, but no class in the community required attention more than the labouring class. (Applause). The House was full of squatters, lawyers, and doctors, while there were no storekeepers, and if they returned him he would support and work for all the interests named. He would give fair play to every Government. They had heard a great deal of the wrongdoings of the present Government — (A voice : Worse than the Kelly gang) — but was there ever a Government to go out of power that was not traduced? They were always called a lot of robbers. They would remember the charges brought against the Parkes Government. The Millburn Creek affair, for instance, and who got the £30,000. Did not Sir Henry Parkes threaten to re- sign if the House did not vote the money, knowing that he had a lot of curs at his heels, and then turned round, true to his instincts, and pitched his friends over. (Up- roar, and Mr. Chapple: The Kiama ghost). He did not want the Kiama Ghost or anything of that sort, and wished those behind would let him alone. Then who gave Parkes authority to purchase the statuary in London? (Up roar). Sir Henry lately had been denouncing the Soudan expedition, which was a thing that he (Mr. Meagher) never believed in and did not contribute to ; but Mr. Suttor had given £25. (Mr. Suttor ; Yes, for the wives and children). Ah, but that was before Sir Henry Parkes spoke ; but as soon as he condemned it they found Mr. Suttor following suit. (Applause and uproar). He would not detain them any longer, not thinking it necessary to deal with the Local Government Bill and the Public Health Bill, which were not yet passed, and upon which there would be plenty of time to express opinions. (Applause and dissent.) In answer to questions, Mr. Meagher said: He would like to know what free trade was, but in the ordinary sense he was a free trader. The colony was not free trade at all, and his customers had to pay ½d. per lb for sugar more than they would have it it was free. The duty had been put on to enrich the sugar com- panies in Sydney. He believed in this— if Melbourne and the other colonies would not allow us to send produce there free, we ought not to allow them to send articles free into this colony. (Applause and dissent.) He had not taken any idea from Mr. Chapple, Mr. Mullens, or any of his supporters, and they had not been prompting him. His employes came at 8 o'clock and left at 6 ; some of them had been with him eighteen years, and if any of them took a month or a fortnight for their health he paid them while away. He had been all his life in favor of sobriety, and was in favor of local option as it existed at present, but he was not in favor of closing existing houses without compensation. If old Mr. Crilly's house at Milltown, for instance, was closed he would lose his only source of income, and would not the people cry shame if the house was closed with- out compensation. Mr. Paul : Are you an advocate for changing the Public School system to the Denomina- tional, and would you support any measure with that object if it was introduced ? Mr. Meagher said he would answer that question. As the law stood now no assistance was given to the Denominational Schools, which were completely under the control of the clergy and bishops of the various dioceses. If a Bill was brought in to-morrow to have them changed back to the old system he would not support it, and he would tell them why. If they reverted to the old form their children would get less religious teaching than they did at present, further, the schools were under the control of their own. clergy now and he would not be for changing that. The Roman Catholic church organisation was such that they were equal to every exigency that might arise, and they were able and willing to support their own institutions. Mr. Paul: Do you remember when Sir Patrick Jennings said the same thing at Dubbo that you told me you would not support him for saying what he did ? Mr. Meagher : Ah, but I have seen since that our institutions are better now than under the old system. During this time the noise in the crowd in front of the hustings where Mr. Paul stood was very great, and a general row seemed imminent. Mr. Meagher continued : He was in favour of a tourist train from Bathurst to Sydney as well as one from Sydney to Bathurst. He was always in favour of getting goods cheap and sealing them cheap. He next referred to an article which had appeared in the Bathurst Times, and in which the question was asked — "Will Mr. Suttor, with his many years' political life, his influence in the house, and his familiarity with Parliamentary usages, effect the desired end, or will Mr. Meagher, with his new blood, be our henchman ?" "He would tell these people that he would be no man's henchman, and was surprised that they had not sufficient knowledge of the English language not to know how to use that word. Mr. John Davis was Sir Henry Parkes' hench- man, and the use of it in that sense was right, but it could never be applied to him. (Ap- plause). He was not in favor of payment of members at present, because he believed it would crowd the House with political ad- venturers. Mr. Meagher then retired amidst cheers. A show of hands was called for and the Re- turning Officer declared it to be in favour of Mr. Suttor. Mr. Meagher thereupon demanded a poll, and the Returning Officer stated where it would be taken (as advertised) on Friday next. The proceedings which had been fairly orderly, closed in the usual way. OTHER MEETINGS. — Meetings of the sup- porters of both candidates are being held nightly, and great enthusiasm prevails. The election promises to be very keenly contested, and it is thought that the struggle on Friday will be one of the fiercest that has ever raged since the establishment of vote by ballot. 