CHAPTEB X. TADT'g HECSET. VVfc return again to the Nugget claim, where, as the evening shades deepened, our friend Tady -was preparing to leave the gully lor the night. He had shared the supper of the two new men, who were in future to sleep on the claim, and the great fire they had built up against an eld fallen tree was throwing strong gleams of red light against the sides ot i the gully opposite to it, and up on the crooked dead branches straggling above it. The i shadows were deepening, too, as the last ' beams of light faded £rooi the vest, and strik-! iug contrasts were growing out in queer dark shapes behind the glowing fire that warned Tady it was time to be off. " Say a prayer before ye turn in boys," he adviaed, for be the powers it's a lonely plaee." I " Are you afraid of ghosts, Tady ? " asked one of the Dorans, laughingly, take another sup of the grog before you go, and the ghosts wont trouble you on the way back. For my part, I've got a six-chambered revolver in my belt, and I have more faith in the effects of that than I have in a waggon-load ci prayers."' " No, I've had enough of the drink, Tady returned, as he pulled up bis trowsers prepara tory to what he himself would have called " taking the road,"' " an' if yoa had twenty revolvers a prayer would be better than 'em all as regards that spot." He pointed to the murder claim as he said good night and turned his back upon it gladly, and yet with a due recollection of the lonely way he had to go before be reached the township. Far had it been from Tady's intention to let the darkness find him sway from Marranga, but it had been a day of great excitement, and poor Tady bad found tha young Dorans' grog 60 recuperating that it had been to him, in a certain sense, the waters of oblivion He would not for fifty pounds have faced the hour in that spot had it not been for the courage inspired by the " sups " he had imbibed, and even now its strength was dying out, as he tramped loudly to keep himself company Lin the deepening shadow of Murder Gully. If it had not been for the one fact that he was superstitious, Tady would have been a happy—a perfectly happy man that night. His one hope, the hope, nay almost certainty, which had led him back from the Old Land over all those watery miles, was accomplished —the claim was a golden one; and now that a new feeling, or- rather the revivification of an old one as "love" was an almost normal condition with Tady, had arisen in hig heart the gold had made his darling Nora more than a hope with him. " An' why shouldn't I? '' he soliliquieed as he began to think of the girl, and half forgot his surroundings, " I'm a rich man, and the world ia before me; why should they deny me Nora ? Av coorse ehe's tether nor me all out; I don't deny that, sure she's a priest's Biether, but I'm sober an' honest, and have the main thing," and he Blapped his pocket significantly. A few quick steps onward, and he stopped euddenly. " Bedad, I don't eee why I shouldn't go over this minait and see the_crathur; sure she doesn't know of me luck yet, for it isn't afther tellin' her I'd be itself afore Mr. Leonard. Faix I'll go—it isn't much out of me way at alL" Thus decided he turned to the left out of the golly instead of keeping to the right down by the creek. St. Harriets, as it waa always called, was but a short half mile from the end o£ the gully, but to reach the cottage Tady had to cross the track that led up to the cemetery. As he *vas crossing it a long howl, or rather whine came down the hill to hie ears, and he started to almost run, with all his old feeling of superstitious fear re vived. " Bad cess to it for a place," he muttered, " 'twas ever an' always a lonesome road up there of a night; but since that black day iu the Gaily 'tis worse. Lord, betune us an' all harm, I wonder if it is a dog at all." At the same spot Bear the fence of St. Herriek's, where he had first spoken to Nora Brady, Tady paused to examine the eur roundings, and speculate on his chance of seeing the girl on this occasion. In the shadow of the shrubberies it was eow eo □early dark that the light in the only room that would appear inhabited showed like a glare among the thick, dark ivy thai coated the wail: this window was near an angle of the main building, where a side wing abutted, and Tady kcew it was the window of Father James' room. *' It looks as if thoy ave ail in bed," thought the Irishman; as be bc-nt over the fence and looked ail round the house, " though it's early yet. That's the priest's windy, an" by all ac counts he keeps a light fcurnin' on till morn iu'; I'd be afeard t o whistle, lie might iic-ar me, and Nora'd get iuto trouble over me. I wonther what I'll do ?" Ah he was wondering, a shout eo hoarse, so strident, so suggestive of souss awful and un known horror rang around his ears that he raised his hands to them as if to shut, it out; his ewes, however, turned toward ths lighted •window, from which the noise seamed to pro ceed. Staring at it he saw for a moment cast on the curtain, the shadow vi s man who seemed to bs twisting and writhing about cut o£ all human form, and ths htart oi the ttrri- I iled man seemed to stop fer a moment in j absolute fear. " In the name of heaven,51 he muttered, dropping one hand to cross himself, " is it murder that is goin' on an' I standin' here : doin' nothin'? If I thought 'twas that I've a strong pair av hands, but what would I do at all if it's in one of his tantrums he is, and he to see me?" A moment's silence, as the shadow sud denly disappeared from the blind, gave Tady courage to bound over the fence and begin to creep nearer to the window. He would try and satisfy himself by listening nearer, or per chance by seeing, if he had an opportunity, .-ind then if he could help be would make his presence known, and assist the priest if neces sary. That was the decision that made Tady creep along by the fence until he had reached the part of it th&D; was only separated from the wing of the cottage by the width of a pathway, and then he darted across and stepped again to listen in the shelter of the ivy-clad house itself. He was now so close to the window itself thai fay spreading himself along the wall he could have touched it; but he was afraid to rustle the ivy in the silence which seemed to him almost unnatural. He could hear the beating of his own hesrt, uniil suddenly again a voice spoke loud, fierce words, and he recognised it us the voice of Father James. 411 have you on the hip now, mine enemy," were the opening words of tviuaiph ap parently, and then there was a ehriek of such diabolical laughtc-r that Tady trembled. " There is a talisman that will frighten you oat of my path for ever J Ha.' I have told many a lie since I saw your living face ; if you haven't better company than me by this time, and something else to do besides haunticg my life, curse you 1" A pause then, and a gibbering such as one may hear in the cell of a maniac, and then a fresh shout and a scuffle as if of half-a-dozen men. Tady was solely afraid, but he was also very curious to see what was going on in the priest's room Besides he had had various hints that her brother was queer, from Nora—a queerness that the girl attributed entirely to his temper, but which Tady began to suspect might pro ceed from insanity; at all events, he ventured to crawl, little by little, nearer the window, and to at last get his face pushed through the ivy screen quite close to it. The window was a low cottage one, and an accident favored Tady's espial—one of the tacks which had supported the corner of the white blind bad given way. and the corner had dropped, leaving the space of a hand breadth of the glass uncovered. This space was above Tady'e eyes, but he soon raised them to its level by placing his foot in a nook of the strong ivy-stems, and holding a firm grip of another nook above him. What was it, then, th2t the poor fellow saw that had such a terrible effect on many awful weeks of his innocent life? What dis covery did he make tbat drove rest from his pillow, flesh from his bonss, and peace from his mind for a time that he remembered with dread and horror during all his after life ? He saw in the middle of the room he was peeping into, a man whom he could not im mediately recognise as Father James Brady. This man was undressed to his shirt and trousers, and had the sleeves of the former rolled up, showing his thin bare artns. The j head of this man was tonsured—Tady saw that—but his face was not the face of the priest. It couldtCt be; that face, distorted with a terrible, fierce passion, with eyes aglare with fear and horror, with the moisture of ghastly suffering, falling in great drops from his haggard cheeks, had no resemblance to ; that of the white-faced priest, even as he had been during his attack in the gully a few hours previously! ' And yet it was a face that seemed somehow terribly familiar to Tady. yet he could not teli how or why. Staring at it in puzzled bewil derment that seemed still to fascinate him, he watched the man's strange movements, and j listened to his awful words, shouted sloua as ! if there were no human ears to listen within wide miles. Who was he talking to ? There was no j living being within the room, yet he sent his wild jibes at some object he glared at, and he waved something he called his " talisman31 in the imaginary face of a foe. Within a circle of many feet there was not around him a tan gible object, yet at short intervals he seemed to grasp something in his long thin arms, and struggle with it, throwing and writhing his limbs as it appeared around other limbs, panting meanwhile with fierce, hot pants, un til he staggered against the wall exhausted and faint, to be revived when he regained strength to reach a bottle and glass, and pour ! a fiery draught down his hot throat. j It was a fearful sight, yet one that poor j Tady's eyes clung to in an awful curiosity, i What likeness was it that haunted him as he ! watehed the man's face? Whose voice did j the awful shouts and anathemas of this man ! remind him of ? What, again and again he asked himself, what teas the object with which he aeemed to threaten his unseen adversary as he waved it wildly in the air. " Foiled again 1" he would ehout, " the touch of that is better than any exorcism! I've tried that you know. Bell, book and candle, ha 1 ha! ha 1 as if they would avail anything in my hands; but I have beaten you you know, you cannot cross that—beaten you with your own weapons too. Ha 1 ha! ha 1 Again a season of panting rest, with the light of the lamp full in his face, and the fingers around which his " talisman " was turned was pressed hard against his left side only to suddenly attack his enemy again until again exhausted. " Your curse, is it ? The curse of St. Herrick under his own roof 1 Ha 1 ha! ha Much I care for it. See it every day nntil I die, eh? Weil, who cares? I am not afraid of it now-" It was when be staggered once more against the wnil gasping and completely worn out that Tadv ssw at last the nature of his talis man—it was a long trees of pale, fair hair, ! and there were clinging, dark spots upon it; but it was not that which made Tady's fingers unloose their clasp upon the ivy, and j his nerveless limbs bend beneath him; he had recognised the likeness in that terrible face, and shrank from it in an overwhelming ! horror. "My God, have mercy npon me!" he cried, in his extremity as he climbed over the fence and hastened from the awful epot. " Wbat'll I do ? wbat'll I do at all, at all ? Wb&t; sin is on me sowl that this secret is to lie upon me like a lump ov lead that'll drag me down into the grave, so it will ?" Forgotten was all poor Tady's fancied love for Nora at that supreme moment, forgotten | all his superstitious fears of the lone darkness around liim. When he had got so far away from Si. Htrrick'a that he need not dread pursuit, should the man he had been watch ing Lava overheard his sudden fali and de p&< ture, he dropped down en the grass and buried his honest face in his trembling, labor-rough lianas. Oh, no, there was no thought of Nora just then. The lonely sound of the soughing breeze among the rustiing leaves was un heard by him, and he did not see the moon I ray that crept up his knees as the moon in her first quarter neared the tops of the trees in the west. A bright streak it was, filtered through the waving leaves, and restleEs like them. Sometimes it glanced under the brim of his hat, and sometimes glinted past j his bowed shoulders, but Tady saw it not— ! he saw nothing, and thought of nothing bat the dread secret that he ought to tell, and that he muse keep for the rake of many hundreds of souls other than his own. He murmured his thoughts occasionally and unwittingly, aud groaued in an agony that he had never felt ia physical pais. *' There is no one but Mr. Leonard," he muttered, " and I darerit tell him, for I know what he would say—but how can I tell it, and he a priest ? No matter what's past and pone, he has worn the holy vestments, and for the honor of my church I mustn't spake 1 Oh God Almighty, help a poor sinner, for I don't know what to do ! " Ta<3y got up after this cry for help, and marched on his way to the township. He had to cross the Iitt-la bridge over the creek near Mrs. St. Harriet's cottage, and he saw lights flitting about from window to window, but he took no notice, for as yet he did not know anything of Resignation being lost, or her mothers serious illness. The garden, with its pale flowers, lay in the moon and shadow silently as he passed—almost as silently as their off-shoots lay on that grave ■'«.p ia the lone cemetery, but how could poor Tady know that neyer again would the sweet child bend over them, or pluck a blossom from their stems ? The bedroom Tady occupied at the quiet hotel they still remained at was at the back, with a door opening from it direct into the yard, and he would have stolen round to it quietly only that the landlord was watching for him, and saw him ae he passed the bar door. " Stop, Connor!" he cried, " I have a mes sage for you." " A message from who ?" the poor fellow asked, as he turned back un willingly. " Fiora Mr. Prosser; he has been here look ing tor you, and wants you to go down to the claim as soon as you come back." " I can't," said Tady, heavily; " I'm dead beat, and fit for nothing but bed. What can he want ms there for at this time o' night." "Don't you know? Haven't yon heard? Good lord, the whole place is ringing with it 1" " I heard nothing: what is it ?" " Why, Mrs. St. Herrick's little girl is lost, and everyone that could has turned out after her. It'a the queerest thing, too, for the little girl knew every inch of the country, and that great dog of their'a was with her. We are beginning to be afraid that she's met with foul play, and the poor mother has taken it to heart so that she's got a stroke or some thing." " Met with foul play 1" They were the last words of the man's explanation that fell upon Tady's ears, and ihsy filled them to the ex clusion of all else for a time. Resignation St. Herri ck had met with foul play, and was lost! Resignation SL Herrick had long, pale, fair hair; what about that" talisman" Father James raved about, and twisted in his fingers Tady uttered an exclamation of horror, and leaned heavily against the bar near him. He could not speak, but he motioned to the landlord to bs supplied from a decanter at hand. " My word but you do look ill, Tady 1 Whatever's up with you ? Drink that off and see if it will bring the life into you." Tady obeyed, but the draught brought no colour te his white cheeks; and, refusing a repetition of the dose, he went out to his room, and threw himself upon his bed. Of the battle he fought there, he never spoke but once, and that was long after to his young foster-brother; but he fought it alcne and in silence, save to Him who hears the very thoughts of the humblest of His creatures. It was quite two hours afterwards that Leonard tried the door of Tady's room, and found it fastened. Tady heard him, but dreading to meet the young man's keen eyes, he took no notice of the attempt to gain ad mittance. Leonard was not, however, to be put ofi that way, for the landlord's account of his humble frierd's looks had alarmed him, and he spoke sharper than was his wont ia i his determination to see for himself what was the matter. " I know you're inside Tady," was what he said, " and you may as well let me in at once, for in I'll get." The distracted man opened the door in stantly, and felt grateful for the darkness that hid his face from jTiis kind young master's gaze. "You are sick and in the dark Tady; what is the matter ? " Leonard asked, as he struck a match and lit the chamber candle he knew was upon the little table. There was no answer, and when the wick had ignited, gathered nutriment and threw out a sufficient light to see by, young Prosser turned round and looked at Tady. The Irishman was sitting on the edge of his bed supporting himself, as it were, on his hands, which, at either side of him, were spread upon the counterpane. He was staring at the floor before him with his head bowed and an indescribable air of misery and hopelessness prevading every line of his figure. To teU the truth, Leonard had found himself slightly influenced by Charlie Ellis's persistent assertion that Tady was under the influence of drink, but one look at the well known face assured him that it was not so. " What's the matter with you Tady ? " No reply again. "Are you sick? Speak my friend, fori must know." The Irishman broke down altogether at the gentle "my friend," and it was with an almost savage energy that he cried out— " For the love of God don't ask me Mr. Leonard 1 don't, don't, for I can't tell you !" " I must ask you Tady, for if you are sick I must go and bring the doctor to you." •' Oh I'm not sick Mr. Leonard S I wants no doctor at all, at all 1 but for the love o' God I say ax me no questions! " " A queer thing to say to me at tins time of day Connor. I should have thought twice before saying such a thing to you. Are we going to begin to have secrete from each other co late in life old fellow ? " " I can't help it sir I I can't indeed! Oh ^ Mr. Leonard, there arc things that no one man can tell another after all! " " They mast be very serious things Tady; no euch can exist between you and me." " I ax it of you for the Babe of my mother, the woman that suckled you, sir, not to ques tion me. There's something on my mind that will kill me soon, I pray, but that I must ! carry to my grave a secret. Look, sir, I'd , lay down my life for you, you know that weli, but I cannot tell you this, and don't torture me by axing.1' " I do not understand it, Tady, but I will only ask you one thing—surely you are more of a man to feel this way over a girl like Nora Brady; if it is a quarrel with her that has put you into this state of misery I cannot pity you." " Oh, Mr. Leonard, don't name her to me 1 it's not that! oh, Lord, if it was only that I'd die happy 1" " And you can't explain ? " " I can't, indeed, Bir." "Well, Tady, the day will come when you may tell me, I hope, and when I may at least try to comfort you, so I will say no more now. Isn't this an awful thing about that poor child? " " I only heard a few words from the land lord as I kem in, Mr. Leonard—have ya no thrace ov her ? " "None of her, exactly. Ellis and I found the dog in the bush behind the cemetery road. It seems he had been howling oS and on all the evening, but was silent shortly after sun down. It is a very mysterious case, Tady. The dog Guardian has been stabbed, and has been losing blood little by little until he could hold up no longer. He was nearly unconscious when we carried him home, and he has, it seems had a severe blow on the head also that Dr. Grey thinks must have rendered him un conscious." Tady's only response to this information was a heart-reading groan. " We are to commence a regularly orga nised search as soon as it is daylight," the young gentleman went on, " for the partial moonlight only made the shadows deeper and more puzzling, but I am sadly afraid, Tady, that the pretty child, who was the first to greet us on Marrangs, has met with foul play." Met with foul play I there were the same words again to ring like a shout in poor Tady's ears. Met with foul play! and who had done the foul deed ? What was lie to do ? How to bear this awful burden of another man's secret ? He could not do it alone and live; he must teli it to some one or die. " I think there will be some change ia the working of No. 1," said Leonard; when he was leaving the room. " I met Conn. Brady going to the coach to-day, and he told me the work was not agreeing with him. I suppose he has gone to town for advice; it i3 strange how little faith the people here have in Dr. Syme, for he seems to me a clever and intelli gent man. Good-night, Tady—if there is not an improvement in you by the morning, I shall bring him to see you no matter what you say about it." " Stop a minnit, Mr. Leonard. If you don't see me here in the mornin' don't be frightened, for I'll start at break of day for Yawbenack, it's only a walk of ten miles, and I'll get a lift back in the coach, so I can be here by din ner time." "Tawbenack? What do you want there? " There's a priest there, sir, a regular cler gyman," Tady replied in a low voice. " That's right, Tady; I quite believe in that step ; good night again," and so poor Tady was left to battle alone with his awful secret till the day broke in the east. 