THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB MEETING. SECOND DAY.-SATCBDAT, MAT 9. Dull, threatening weather did not act as an inducement to pleasure-seekers to visit Flem ington on the second day of the South Aus tralian Jockey Club meeting. Nothing daunted, however, they turned out in pretty strong force, and there was a fairly numerous attendance, about 8,000 persons being present ! when the Cup was run. His Excellency the Governor and part? again visited the course, and appeared to take a lively interest jn proceedings. Everybody was glad to Bee Siznor Zelman and his band, and their pre sence helped considerably to relieve the monotony between the races, specially during the long interval between the Ade laide Cup and the Flying Handicap, which was increased in consequence of the Sell ing Hurdle Race resulting in a walkover. The rain that had fallen during the previous days had deadened the going, but it was not nearly so holding as was anticipated, the back stretch being the worst portion. Everything being in readiness, business opened with the Maiden Plate, which attract*! only three starters, and as Hampstead had satisfactorily answered a question put to him on the tram in" ground, he was made a strong favourite. Walter Higinbotham had Capri in capital form, and both he and (Johanna revived support. The favourite made the running to the abattoirs, where Gohanna joined him> O'Brien waited on the pair until they ap proached the distance, when he went to them, and settling the pair without much of an effort, ran home the easiest of winners. There was general satisfaction at the success of Mr. Wallace, and we hope that now that the luck has turned,- the magpie jacket may continue in the van. The Nursery Handi cap created plenty of speculation, and Delamia seemed to have more friendB than anything else, albeit Arsenal, Honeycomb, Juanna, Solo, Ulalume, and Remus met with support. Notwithstanding the weight Juanna carried she had the pace of everything for more than half the distance, when she re tired, and at thiB point Delamia, Honeycomb, Remus, and Ulalume were all prominent, but inside the distance Remus shot to the fore, and the lad keeping him going, he won rather easily. The winner, who was bred in South Australia by Sir Thomas Elder, is a well grown, lengthy chesnut colt, and is by Gang Forward from Romula, who won the Laun ceston Champion Cup, and ran Becond for the Melbourne Cup. Although there was an interval of an hour and a quarter between the Nursery Handicap and the Cap, Mr. Miles rang up for weighing for the latter directly after the two year olds left the weighing yard, and 16 jockeys responded. Strolling amongst the intending competitors we first came across the New Zealand champion, Welcome Jack, a stylish, symmetrically-made son of Traducer. Waiting until he was stripped of his clothing, we saw evidence of >lenty of work of, a certain kind, but le lacked the thoroughly trained appearance of a horse that bad been wound up for a Cup! contest His coat was blooming, and msi quarters muscular, but there was just a trifle! too much upon his ribB to please us. Yet the party behind this Maori king's throne expressed themselves satisfied as to his con dition, and showed their faith in faim by supporting him to win about £10,000; and still we were sceptical respecting his ability to get even a place, because we did not con-1 flj^pr him as fit as he might be made.I Sardios we found a vastly-improved colt, and : with due deference to those who were In; tcsterM-a over the good-loosing visitor from, New Zealand, Sardine struck ua as being even a grander horse. We thought Britisher looked a commoner alongside such a pair of Tritons, but there could be no two opinions respecting the condition of the son of John Bull Mr. Thomas Wilson sent him to the post aa fit as it was possible to make a horse. Alec Robertson had wasted to ride bim, and this fine horseman, although looking thin and wan, was confident of victory, so brilliantly had the Ballaxat horse performed in private. Never did the shrewd speculators from the golden city invade the metropolis with more sanguine feelings, and they were on to a man. Equally confident of victory were the partisans of Conjecture, who never was sent to the post in such perfect con dition. She was spoken of as the greatest moral that jajnes Wilson* jun., had ever sent out of his stable. " If you haven't backed herthen * stand not upon the order of your going, but go at once' and invest your fiver," was the advioe from many shrewd men to their friend*; and they went The raking fine, gelding Lantern looked none the worse for Bis gallop in the Goodwood Handicap and subsequent trial with Sardius, and Mb Imme-1 diate friends were not in the least dismayed! by the bulletins that had issued from the BritiBber and Conjecture camps. Lantern, they were satisfied, was to light the way .to the winning post, and they supportedhim for pounds, shillings, and pence. For exquisite quality and racing-like appearanoe. nothing in the paddockequalled the handsome chfesnut son of Countryman, Lord Wilton. As bis tralnerremoved his clothing, and Sanders mounted him, he looked every inch a nobt® m«B. H'Namara had him trained to the hour, for his coat shone like satin, and every muscle of his body was developed ae » thoroughly - trained ra^horses muscles shbtild De developed. Hb owner awaited the feat coafiMft uf jwer wavered.in his faith in his horses ability to win. Camenne had evidently gone tarough a careful preparation, and Tom Hales had been retained to ride her. In an8*[?r_*i®1%J question as to his opinion respecting tne mare's chance the celebrated jockey replied^ " I'm afraid she haw about 71b. too much, and as the sequel Bhowed he was right. Prometheus had been suffering from the ailment which affected his dam in her f&cuig; days, rheumatism, and as he had to be eased in his Work during the previous 10 days, he had made flesh, and consequently did not bear a thoroughly-trained appearance. When Trahan mounted the horse, and walked nim towards the exit gate, he still betrayed symptoms of lamenesB, and in the betting ring he was friendless. Another who had been Buffering from a similar cause was Flau sible, but during the last week of hiB training he had improved in a marvellous manner, and his friends imagined he had an outside show. There was no fitter animal than Grace Darling in thejpaddock; and Madcap looked welL So did Hobart, whom Cripps regarded as the beat outsider in the race. ^ Hazard stripped in grand form, but how could he be expected to concede weight to such horses as Britisher, Lantern, Lord Wilton, &c.;: No fault could be found with Anchorite's condi tion, and that his owner fancied his chance was proved by the manner in which he backed him. Anglesey was fit enough, but too arrant a knave to trust in such company. In taking their preliminaries nothing went better than the favourites, and nothing worse than Prometheus. When they assembled at the post Conjecture was troubleaom^, and Plausible did not seem inclined to join his horses ; but Mr. Watson took advantage of a favourable opportunity and sent them off to a splendid start Lantern, pulling double, was the first to show in front, but just' after passing the stand a number of the horses got bunched; and something colliding with Hobart, he stumbled, and his boy fell amongst them. Providentially, the youngster was not hurt, and on being carried into the enclosure, and being examined, it was found that he had not sustained any serious injury. Meanwhile, Lantern had taken the field along at a good pace, but on the back stretch Conjecture supplanted him, and she carried on die running until they pasBed the bridge, when Prometheus joined the leading division, and passing the abattoirs he had his head in front At the sheds, however, he gave way to Hazard, who drew out with a clear lead, and, as they made the turn for home, quite half a score of the competitors were in a bunch. Anchorite, Britisher, Hazard, Lord Wilton, Lantern, Plausible, Sardius, and two or three others being in close company, while Conjecture gracefully retired. Rounding the turn, nothing looked better than Britisher, who seemed to be going stronger than anything else, and, entering the straight Anchorite and Lord Wilton also were very prominent Fairly into the straight, Plausible, on the out side, made a bold bid for victory, but, though he nearly got on terms with the leaders, be died away again, and Britisher Buddenly col lapsing, Lord Wilton stalled off Anchorite and won cleverly by a length. Sardius tan like the good colt he is, and gained the un enviable position of third. The winner, who was bred at Fulham-park, South Australia, by Mr. William Bladder, is one of the hand somest horses in training. His best perform ances previously during the season were in the Giulfield Cup and Goodwood Handicap, in which he ran second. His owner, Mr. Ellis, is a young South Australian, who has not had the best of luck with the colt, but has bran at laatrewarded with a substantial victory. He did not win a big stake, about £3,000, we believe, but the horse was well backed by the public, though not to anything like the extent that Conjecture, Britisher, and Lantern were. When the starter re turned to the enclosure he complained oi Moore's conduct at the post He was riding Conjecture, and gave some trouble by trying to gain some advantage at the start The stewards called the jockey in and informed him that he was suspended for three months. The Selling Hurdle Race resulted in a walkover for Fusilier, so that the club threw away £50 on a race which is never popular in Victoria. The Flying Handi cap, however, attracted a strong field, and Gymkhana was selected as the best thing en gaged, and of the others nothing seemed to go so well in the market as The Ghost; Pail leroo and Middlemarch were also backed freely. Neither however, ran into a place, and Middlemarch being on a course which exactly Buited him, he won rather easily from Miss Merlin. The following are the de tails: MATDEK FLATS, OI S BO vs. each, with 100 sors. added. Weight (or age. One mile and a quarter. Mr. D. S. Wallace's b c Capri, by Yattendon-Man dragon, 4 yrs,9st. (O'Brien) .. .. .. 1 Mr. F. Henty'a br c Gohanna, 3 yrs, Bet 71b. (8t Albans) !. .. .. 2 Mr. J. Wilson's ch « Hampstead, 2 jm, 6st 13lb. (Page) .. .. .... .. .. .. S Betting.-S to 4 (HI Hampstead. 7 to 4 agst Oapri, and 2 to 1 agst Gohanna. Hampetead was quickest on Us feet, Churl being the last to move. At the bridge the favourite was hall a length in front of Oohanna. Capri running on the girths ot the filly. Along the pack of the ooarse the order was the name, but at the abattoirs Oohanna ran up on the outside to the leader, juid.passing the sheds, was leading a couple of length*, Oapri lying about the same distance from the favourite, oohanna came down to the turn and led into the straight, with Hampstead on her whip hand. At the distanoe the favourite was beaten, and O'Brien bringing out Oapri, he eoon disposed of Gohanna, and can to red in the winner by four lengths, Hampstead finishing a oomple of lengths behind Oohanna. Time, em. ttf* KDB&ERY; HANDICAP, Ot 6 sors. each, with ISO sors. added. For 9 yrs old. Seoond horse 80 aors. frota the prise. Six furlongs, Mr. 8.0. Cook's ch oKemus, by Oang Forward Botnula, 7st 41b. (Flanajpm) 1 Mr. 1 Coney's b f Honeyoomb, 7et. 71b. (Saunders) f Mr. 8. Miller's b f Ulalume, 7st. 01b. (Olds) .. t Mr. H. Tothill'e b f Juanna.Ost. 41b. (Wyman) 0 Hon. W. Pearson's br* Arsenal, Sit 4!b.(Potter).. 0 Mr. X. Jones's oho Solo, 7st. 101b. (Blair) .. .. o Mr. J. Wilson's oh o Femside, 7st, £lb. (Moon) .. 0 Mr. D. H. Hill's bl f Candacc, 7st Sib, (OroW) ..." 0 nVktV W PaavaAD'fl Yxt. A - A agst Honeycomb and Remus, 10 to 1 (at first l6o to 80) agst Solo. Ulalume and Oelamla got a length's advantage at the start, whilst Femside was last to move, doming to the tan, Juanna and fiemus were slishUy I in advance of Ulalume anfl DpAamia. Jhe positions 1 remained unaltered till belpw the distance, whep Remus was called upon, and Immediately having the race in band, be was never oaoght,. fknd ,woo easily by a length. A fine flush en^ed amongst Ulalume, Honeyoomb, and Delamla. the trio racing in a line to the end, when the two Brsfenamed made a dead heat of it, whilst Delamla wjw pn\y a head behind. Juanna was fifth. Qasburcer jwaAraenal oect, and Oandaoelast ^nme.lm. SOa. ABWAtDKCOP, Of 10 sors. eaob, with 600aors. «dded. Seoond hone, i 60 so vs.; third hone, 25 «o vs. from the prize. One mile and a half and a furlong. Mr. E. W. Ellis's oh o Lord Wilton, by Country* saan-Instep, * yrt, 7st. (Saunders) .. 1 Mr.D. M.BobeiUon'sboAnohorite, 4y«,7«t,71b. (Ellis) .. .. .. 2 Mi. Ifc ^atson's b e Sardiui, 4 yrs, 8*L 101b. , (M'Grade) .. .. 8 Mr.J. PliHwow's b h Weloome Sank, 5 yr», ftst. Bib. (ivamr) .. .. .. .. .. .. 6 Mr. J. Bedfearn'i ch f Madoap, 4yrs, 8»t. 71b.(tL O'Brien) .. . . " o Mr. Q. DavWi baOamsrine, and, Set Sib. (Halee) - o i'vawrrrw5?, Ur. J. O. Reld's oh m lJ. WlUUms) ... .,fM® DarilnS. 6 yr,,^ lion. W. .PclfllAnW k i. U....HV - .. Mr \- , -« tug, irg'ii. Cook'sh h Anglesey, 5*yrs, 7st. ilb* jt UntonL 5 yrs, fine. 1Mb. 0 penalty). Tst «h. (Ridwtoon) _.. .. " 0 jjr7 s. Wilson's, ?Jul'. oh m Conjecture, o yrs, m Ruby, « yrs,'Jit,' canted ° jJ9li.5Uaugii2a^ bg-BritLsheri 6 yrs," 7st. (Robert ° M?g B. Agaew'shr h Hobart, 6 yrs, fist.'cib. (T. Brawn) Mr. F. ? Plausi≤, 25 to 1 wrAnororito^^S"1^ HobsJf4 DarUnr» 60 to I «Brt WffiS The 17 Starters were at the poet to good time. «",v a. slight delay occurred thro^*heXS£ of Plausible, and the desire ot MSore to grtSSJ^uS Conjecture. Camerlne had WfnSfl® 5$ to her being Madcap and Lord Waton/Wi* Anohorite was on the extreme outside, with and Itubynext. and Anglesey and PromHhsus tin, oentremut Tbeflsgtoas*t last dropped toasted start, and Camerlne and Lord WUton cot a little Si best of it; bat lantern at onoe took his cotouistoth» front, aiid led past the stand, followed byLord Wilton Conjecture, Welcome Jack, Hazard, Cainerine, Pi»u«i! ble, and Anohorite, Goharinabtingingupthere&r; ine the turn Hobart dipped tip, and got rid ot bla rider, who had aluckyescape froin being ridden over Bounding the bend Lantern was & oouple of lengths in front ot Conjecture, dose behind whom «u Lord Wilton; with the reminder in a cluster. Once Darting being the last. Along the river side Con jecture took up the running:, whilst Lantern and Pro. metheua were side by side, Lord Wilton, Camerlne Sardius, and Britisher at the head ot the Others, with Gohanna and Grace Darling the two Jast. At toe bridge Lantern had gone up to Conjecture, w>d close behind them were Lord Wilton and Sardius, Britisher also occupying a good position. . Along the back stretch the fonr named wero pretty well on eren terms; but passing the abattoirs, where Prometheus had his hoad in front, Hazard suddenly made a t«st run, and was leading as they approached the Sheds, PrometheuB almost at the same moment beating a retreat. Racing to -the bend for home another change occurred, Britisher depriving Bazard of the lead, and landing into the - straight w&l; dear ot Lord Wilton, Anchorite (pulling double), Lantern, Sardius, Conjecture, ana Plausible, Prometheus acting as whipper-in. Britisher brought his field along towards the distance, to all appearances winning so easily that loud offers wero made to take eren money; hut he all at once collapsed, as did also Lantern, Plausible, who momentarily showed a very bold front, also being beaten. Lord Wilton, who up to this had been running well within himself, was now set going in earnest, and, it was immediately seen, had everything beaten. Inside the distanoe,- Anohorite made his effort, but could not get up to Lord Wilton, who won easily by a length from Mr. Robertson's colt, Sardius finishing half a length behind. Plausible was fourth, dose up, followed by Britisher and Lantern, Madoap, Grace Darling, Camerine, Weloome Jack, Conjecture. Anglesey. Gohanna, Hazard, and Ruby, Prometheus being the absolute last. Time, Sot. 63 js. ?WINNERS OF THE ADELAIDE CUP. Owner. Winner. Af W. IS. j Time. 18641 18651 18681 18671 *18681 18691 18721 1873 1871 , Dowllng .. .J.C.James.. . E. M. Bagotl . E. ML Bagot1 . T. J. Ryan . W. Lang .. . B. Holland " . W. fllgate.. . W. Gerrard.. I st. lb. alO 610 6 7 IS 61 e i 8 0S 8; 7 8 7 4 6 11 7 2 0 7 7 4 8 9 9 0 7 0 m.s. 3 601 3 65j 3 SO 3 49 8 46 3 54 3 51 3 49 3 44 3 41 3 37 3 681 3 43 3 35 339 3 37 3 36] 3 35] 2 55] 2 53} * Handicap for the first time, t Distance altered to one mile and'a half and long. PEDIGREE OF THE WINNER. a fur The Baron Pocahontas Pyrrhus L Maid of Hart] llfewminster The Slave StockweU Lady Evelyn Birdoatcher Echidna Glencoe Marpessa Epirus Fortress The Proroet MarthaLynn Touchstone Beeswing Melbourne Volley The Baron Pocahontas Don John Industry Sir Hercules Guicoioli Economist Miss Pratt |Sultan Trampoline Muley Oare Langar Olympla Defence Jewess the Saddler Rebecca Mulatto Leda [Camel Banter Dr. Srntav Ardrossan mare Humph I'yOlnlcer Cervantes mare Voltaire Martha Lynn Bird catcher Echidna [Ulencoe Marpessa WramporWav'fry Oomus mare Priam Arachne fEUdOra HUBBLE RACE, Ot S eovs. Mob, withlOOSovs. added/ Winner to bs sold for £100. One mile-and three-quarters, Mr. R. Sevlor's ch g Fusilier, by Grandmaster, aged (nil), flat, lift, (Grubb) «.<>. Fusilier W|U bough? in ait tho upsot price. FLYING HANDICAP, Of 8 sons, each, With lOOaovaadded. Three-quarters ot a mile. Mr. A. Harvey's br o Middlemarch, by Mari* byrnong-Housemaid, 4 yrs, 8st. 101b. (Robert son) .. .. .-j. i .. .. .. 1 Mr. \Y. Crozier*s bf Miss Merlin, 4yra, 6st, carried OstslfctNlcbolaon) .. .. .. .. .. 2 Hon. W. Pearson's br o Arsenal, 2 yrs, 6st. lllb. (G. Brown) .. .. _ .. .. .. " Mr. J. G. field's ch g The Ghost, aged, 8si 71b. (J Williams) - .4 .{ .. " 9 Wilson'e^un.) b o Meteor, 4 yra, 8sfc4lb. n ^uurieni.. .. .. .. .. .. . Mr. 6. Miller's be PSaUIeroo, 4 m, 7et 161b. (Olds) 0 Mr. 4.Q Reld's g t Lucky Hit, 4 yiV7sfc 81b. *»r* .. *' Mr. 8.0. Oook's br f Marie Louise, 9 yrs, 7»t filb* " (Saunders) .. .... .. 9 MrOHLT. Hart's b t Gymkhana, 4 yrs, fist. 181b. Q M^Flrtd'ab or br i Agii'es, s'ya, flit. fl Mr. a Thuriing's b f East Lynne, 8*yi*firt. 9!^ n (H.Bmwa) ... ,. u JfctfcBody'sbh Eagle, 6 fit, carried M. 1Mb. Q Mr. J. amsan nabr g Sunstroke, h 'ytt, (tot - Mr.J. o. fa^VsblWi Iteteor, and Marie toafee, 8 to 1 ac*t *11*41 and Pailleroo, 10 to I agst Stafford a«5 * ? ®#r^' to lap* Miss Merlin, and 20 to 1«gatBkst V^banaonthc right. »nd ' jumped away w advance of the othera wW?*?10 ,B,t fell, wand* bciaK 16ft at thopoAu^u^? n** l over the tea, PflHIeroo looking- welluh ,0* rtml/tit runninj. Min Jfertfn amWL, thd' rooo'inhand a)i the way Op *av» «i RoBertsan brought out iJiddJemareh with*0?' ?*«' from tho centre of his hones, and #tontvT SL't4 ""J best ot tlie bottomt weight, won * 0,1 by a length sod ahul/, Arsenal aotehlw SilS?8 (jujrtera of Mias Merlin. PalHercw30S«f' £n «>e StoflSL®" ftCXt' Wahda 