Whatever improvement may in time to come be effected in the laws relating to the sale of fermented and spirituous liquors in the colony, the fact is becom ing more and more apparent as the ilokofn in tko Accomhlir npoircci-cfir. UGtiaw M. u r "jj 1 1-OJCO. that the new Licensing Bill, in any thing like its present form, has not' the ghost of a shadow of a show to pass. Mr. Joseph Bosisto, DLL. A., objected to the measure in terms that arc at once moderate and unanswerable, and bis facts and arguments will carry additional weight because of his scien tific knowledge, and for the reason that he is a philanthropist and a member of the denomination of Christians whose petitions in favor of complete local option without compensation, are inun dating the House. He said : — "Tbe teetotal party had recommended pana ceas in relation to this question that had utterly failed elsewhere. The State of Maine had been pointed to. There prohibition reigned supreme, and no public-houses were .allowed, but he bad information from undoubted authority that drinking was etill largely carried on there. In the drug stores any amount of alcoholic liquor was to be bought by people who carried doctor prescriptions in their pockets. There was a great danger in the prohibition of the sale of alcoholic liquors of encouraging the use of other intoxicating agents which would be far worse. In countries where alcoholic liquors were not agreeable to the pd&te;, tliey drank more potent liquors. He had noticed that in India they made potent drinks from roots and herbs, and lately tbe special correspondent of "The Argus who had accompanied Mr. Deakin to America had been pointing out, in one of big articles on Mexico, the extent to which pulque made from the aloe was indulged in by the Mexicans. This writer stated that tbe effects produced by the excessive use of pulqxu. ware worse than 'those of alcohol ; but speaking from an experience cf nearly fifty years, he couid &ay; that, great as were the evils arising from the use of alcoholie beverages, there was greater j danger in the introduction of such compounds ) as that mentioned. (Hear, hear.) He warned j ; coral abstainers that if thty were willing to j .ec5:>t tins measure only as a step towards pro- j J hifeicios, they were seeking to bring about an : evil which they knew little of." j ! Tills evidence, coming from a man «e j ' thoroughly qualified to deal with the j j subject, aud one who. as he says him- j i self, gives place to no one in his wish j ! to assist ia putting on the Statute-book a measure that would be a remedy for j f the evils that exists must be listened | ! to. and will, undoubtedly, have its due J ! effect. It is a feet. Mr. Bosisto says. ; j that men who are complete drunkards j do not transmit tbe eril to their pro- i genjj and we adduce from the whole i tenor of his speech, that a better regu- | l&tion; of tbe traffic in its various de- : partments, is the true remedy to abate t LUC CI 113 (UifLUg UUi VI IV. AUV4.G OIV ' una n j- particulars in which the Bill is i held to be an improvement upon the existing laxr. but these are minor mat- | tcrs of detail, and the main features ! are too drastic to be accepted by the j respectable moderate section of the com- ; ranniry which usually stands aloof from : temperance discussions, but whose in- i fiuenee will be sure to turn the scale > in this case. Even supposing that I abolition were a good thing (which we ! cannot admit), the proposed rapid and \ violent approach to it. is not wise in i any sense, and the impatience and j over-zeal or the out-and-out local. | option advocates will certainly re-act ; injuriously upon the cause. It is pos- ' sible that the Ministry having intro- j duced the subject, may throw the re- | sponsibiiity of it upon Parliament and ! submit to have an entirely new Bill j evolved in committee, in which case j some good may be done; bnt otherwise, in our opinion, an Amending Act will not this session find a place in the leaves of the Statute-book. Mr. Bosisto's speech was scientific and philosophical and on these grounds sufficiently convincing : but there is another serious aspect of the question which he only touched upon, but which neither Parliament nor the country can afiord to ignore, and that is that the municipalities ought not to be deprived of a portion of their in comes as proposed in tfce BilL The petition of the Borough of Echuca may be taken as an example of how the municipalities all round would be affected, although many of them, of course, not to the same extent. It states " that the total rates and li- ceses of the municipality amonnt to £2,915, towards which the licensed houses contribute £1,180, or a little over half. After 1890 the operation of the law would, by reducing the li censed places from 47 to 11, decrease the borough revenue by £1,351. Upon the basis of its present revenue; the municipality had borrowed £25,000': and, if the revenue were reduced to the extent named, the engagements of the corporation could not be honourably met." The petition ended with the prayer that the House would be pleased to make provision in any change of the law for the payment to the municipalities of a yearly sum equal to any loss of revenue they might sustain by such change, and for a time at least covering the existence of their respective loans. The Argus says that this discloses a " curious state of things," and we take the liberty of adding that it is not more curious than true. It appears to us ; then that no restrictive measure that j can be imagined, will, either in this c .untry or elsewhere, bring about the abolition of the sale of wines, beer, and spirits, and that therefore the energies of the good aud sincere people who labor to benefit their kind, had far ; bitter, for their purpose, be directed to establish a system of effective whole some control over a trade which they believe to be bad root and branch, but which it is utterly beyond their powers to kill. There are many ways in which this control can be exercised, and one of them, Mr. Bosisto has shown, is supervision over the quality of the grogsold. " He had often," he said, " been called upon to analyse spirits, both imported and colonial, and he had found them so full of that befuddling and befooling agent called fusel oil, that they were only fit for French- polishing and such like purposes (Hear, hear.) There was no disguising the fact that spirits were mostly blended somewhere, before they got into the hands of the unfortunate publican, and it was unjust that he should bear the whole of the punish ment." Sensible men invariably study imme diate and future consequences before taking an important step in advance. A thing may be good in the abstract, but at the same time its adoption may be premature. A leap in the dark is always dangerous, and it is no reason that because an enterprise has come triumphantly through the fire in one locality, that it can at once be so suc cessful in. another place where the same set of circnmstaaces do not obtain. It is possible to be before one's time, and in any such case whether the business undertaken is purely private or one or public con cern, the result must be the opposite of that intended, namely, restrictive and expensive instead of advantageous and progressive. We are not opposed to the establishment of municipal sale yards in Hamilton, the only question on our mind being whether they could he established just now to — pay ; or whether the attempt being ill-timed it might result in a failure. Nothing venture nothing win is a good enough maxim, no doubt, but reasonable men must hare something to go upon as an inducement for action all the same, and in the case of Hamilton, to-day, when a little speculation is proposed to be in dulged in, it is as well to bear in mind that we must cut onr coat according to our cloth. The borrow ing powers of the Council are already to some extent trenched upon, and the Municipal fund can, we think, hardly be- said to be in a flourishing condition ; still, all this can be got over by the exercise and practice of a little patience and economy, because the place is commercially sound and its resources excellent But is this a time to go £3,000 blind % That is the whole question In a nutshell which the ratepayers have to consider; and having put it before tfaem, we shall, for our own part, he quite content with the verdict of tbe majority on the issue; whatever that may happen to be. Onr interest in the matter is only the in- terest of Hamilton itself. If the town , benefits we benefit ; and if the other thing, through any mismanagement, j should chance to happen, onr estate : would stand the racket, we venture to i hope, as well as any that would be ; concerned. The plain truth is, that in ; regard to the Municipal cattle yards proposal, we think we see the reason to say, as a respected Western District contemporary lately said of Mr- Deakin's irrigation aspirations—" go slow." A sufficient measure _ of precaution in the way of collecting facts and comparing notes with ! other municipalities where yards i exist, has not yet been taken so far as we know. We have heard it freely t argued within the last week or two, ! tbat because the movement for Corpor- S all .n yards in Warmambool has turned | out a success, similar action would only have to be taken in order to secure the I like happy outcome here, and if we ! coniess to a mue scepticism, n, c> because absolutely nothing has been submitted to prove the case. What we do remember of the Warrnambool agitation when it was in progress some two years ago, is that the Town Coun cil had to contend against opposition on the grounds of vested interest, and that in one form or another a leading auctioneer had to be (or was) compen sated. Might not Warrnambool ex perience, in this respect, be repeated in Hamilton, and if so, how could a claim of the kind be met ? We need not apologize for these remarks, because our constituents knowwell enough, that once let us see our way clear and there i will be no half heartedness in the manner of onr advocacy for anything that is projected with a view to develop and consolidate the business of the town and district. Onr present object is merely to assist the ratepayers to work out in their own minds what is Wl In lw dnne in tbe matter and we make little doubt bnt that they will arrive at a sound conclusion on the polling day. 