DH. Ot. li. MEAIIDSIÍEV concluder thai thc droud of dyingis quito os intonso as tho in stiuct of solf-prosorvation. Indeed, it is not improbable, adds' the doctor, that numbers would care less about living woro the modes of leaving tho world a tliemo for happy con temptation, or nu innovation ' to tho routine of plodding that was agrocablo. Ono ia re- markably exempt from tho crinia of ¡ hasty induction if ho nfllrms that there is no anne or healthy mortui who anticipates his extinc- tion with any dogrco of pleasure Tho func- tion of dying is actually vogotativo-wo fall to pieces Uko a Mower. This very fact, that tho process is chemical, confirms us in tho conclusion that tho final throe is as painless ns tho inconvenience is nothing to tho fotal pilgrim , when ho touchos on daylight, A moment's examination of tho way wo aro to die will show marks ' of goodness in our taking off. Tho degree of sensibility is pro- portioned to1 tho ' integrity of thu tissues. An inflammation heightens it; ago depre- ciates it. Any offoct in nutrition disturbs tho comfort ot tho individual until tho car- bonic acid genorated in tho dovitalisivtion of tho blood becomes fixed in the colls or ¡B no longer displaced.1 Tko Bonsory ganglia ovorywhore part with thoir irritability by vi i'tno of tho poison, and cense to comineo curren ta. Tho criteria of death aro being satisfied, nnd tho process is consummated when this extinction of sensibility prevails nt tho ultimate tllaments. During tho pro- gress of this dissolution of tho nervo toreo, this crooning on of tho numbness of death, tho individual is rapidly pnssing into n con- dition of reposo, and instead of torture or pangs, a dogroo of self-satisfaction oft ap- proaching to onthusiasm, is roalisod. Tho sensations peculiar to tho therapeutical ope- ration of opium, lmslioosh, othor, &e;, aro not improbably akin to the montai activities of thu dying. Darring tho hallucinations ex- perienced in tho stupor ns is gained on tho subject, tho moribund is familiar witli naught that borders on suffering, This car- bonic acid lins poisoned or narcotised tho sovoral ganglia, nud roflox productions aro interdicted. A consuminnto nnngesia pre- vails. In short, tho notion of pain is for- bidden tho instant that any stimulus fulls to excito a responso. The condition of this irritability is that tho nervo centre nnd tho track bo sound. If this vigour varnishes, rellox phenomena aro at an cud, and suffer- ing, physiologically speaking, is impossible, because, of tho arrest of tho function of tho syiuputhotic, fortunately, fora wholesome study of ono's domiso, thoro aro assurances abundant from vivisection, tho testimony of thoBO who hnvo been restored to conscious- ness, and tho affirmations of the dying that there is no physical recoil from death, Burney tried hard to resist the efforts mndo to resuscitate him from drowning, so be- witched was ho by his prolonged slumber. Dr. Solander, tho traveller, was so dolightcd with tho sensations of excessive cold that ho was tho first to lio down in tho snow to réa- lisa tho luxury of such a death. William Hunter was sorry ho was not ablo to " write how easy and delightful it is to dio." In- lauts dio as serenely as they breathe, aud not a few among tho advanced iu years treat death as a friondto their infirmities. Hang- ing is naturally rated, noxt to crucifixion, a most distressing proccduro. But it. is reported of thoso who havo been saved from strangulation that thc agony promised to bo brief, and was rapidly replaced by hallucina- tions of a fascinating variety. Ono would fain beliovo that tho kind God who suffered un lo fool no sigh in coming would tako no dolight in turning our fnrowcll into writhing -nay, Ho docs not quit us at tho last. He is our great benefactor in allowing us to sleep out of weariness. Death is, assuredly, no tax collector ; its jaws are not tho clutches of nu assailant ; thoro is no " victory to tho gravo ;" the ghost speeds away from us ns it entered with no ruffle Tho sense of death, as Shakespeare has it, is most in apprehen- sion. It is the fear of tho lonely night, not fhn thrnnn nf nnrill-n. t.tiitf. malena flin Hvlnn painful. - -MEDICAL AKO SVROICAL BE POUTER. 