THE COURSE OF TRUE LOVE. at [RY HEXYr G. MnRAY.] l C ]APRtR II--CONTINUET t. Dinner finished, Venables left Ronald smoking a moody cigarette over his coffee, and returned to their chambers alone to Await Maud. He had scarcely settled himself at the window looking on to the street when a cab drove up, and he i saw Maud descend from it,and in another minute ahdwas in the room. The Major tt almost started with surprise as he saw her, so great was the change which tihe last few days had worked in her. The bright light-hearted child-maiden had vanished, and in her place was a womano-a woman whoso pale face and resolute eyes almost fri.htened her old friend. " You received my letter I" she asked. " Yes." " We are alone ?" ste asked then look ing round the room in which the shadows of the early spring evening were already thickening. " Quite. Ronald is away and will not. return until late. I told him that I ex. pected a visitor. Of course 1 did not say who the visitor was, as you evidently wished Iim not to know. Pray sit down and allow mte to light the lamp." Shte did not accept the invitation to be so:rted, but walked inttead to the window, and stood there looking out upon the darkening street, while her old friend ar ranged the lamp. "There," said Venables," now we have a light upon the subject." He did his boat to sp, ak cheerfully, but the effort was obvious. There was something in the girl's ctlm voice and quiet manner whichI was terrible to him. lie had pictured her to himself in the coming interview in a dozen ways-broken with grief, hysteric with girlish anger. There was no trace of either of these feelings in her face as she turned and confronted him, only a settled fear and terror, obviously re strained from all expression by a strong effort of will, which might break at any moment. He led her gently to a seat, and stood betide her. " You have read the news " e Yes."' " I had not when I wrote to you. I thought you might be of some service to me in a aml..er trouble. You were always gool and kind, Major Venahles; andyou were the first person I thought of until uncle could come back to me. And now he will ,never come lack." Venables would have given much to have found a word of comfort, but what ootuld he say I " Only a little while ago I was so happy. The world seemed all sunshine ; it was hard to believe that there could be sorrow n- pain anywhere. I had uncle and Rtin ild, and now I have neither. Uncle is dead, and I must never see Ronald any mor, ." 0ol1 and fast friends as they had bron, the . 1jor had never before hearld laudd sp :k of her lover with this certainty of Ilwing loved by him and of loving him in retorn.' Little-by little he had seen their mutntl fancy grow and deepen into alffec tion, and it had gladdened him to see it, but until now taund's maiden reticencee had remained unbroken. But now that all seemed over between them, and that that grief, great as it was, was almost swallowed in the more recent fflection. she spoke of it with a calm and settled despair which wrung the Major's tender heart to witness. " Was it wicked, I wonder, to be so happy ?" she went on. " Other girls are happy, too--slmost as happy as I was rnd have friends and sweethearts Bat I suppose trouble is coming to them, too, as it has come to me. The world seems full of trouble now." "Let us see if I can help you," said Venables,taking aseatbeside her. " What is the matter with Ronald ? " " You knew my father, did you not P" The Major started visibly at toe sudden question. " Ah, it is true, then I" " What is true 1" demanded Venables, angry at his lack of self restraint. " What Captain Carlyle told me." " I should be inclined to say,at the first blush," said Venables, recovering his coolness, " that any statement made by tlhe person calling himself Captain Carlrle might be true, but probably 1" Calling himself Captain Carlyle. Is he not a Captain, then ? " " No," replied the Major. "He is no mtre a Captain than you are." " Fow long have you known this ? " " Some time now." ' And yet you never warned mamma i You let this imposter still visit as. Oh, SMajor Venables, is this your friendship 1'" " Wait a little, my child," said the Major calmly. "It is not a crime in the eye of the law-more shame to say it, say I !-to take a military title to which you have no right. But in my ex. perience of the world-a pretty wide one, Maud-I never knew a man who did that who didn't, sooner or later, do something else which was against the law. I never liked this follow from the first. I'm sure he's a cad, and I think he's a scoundrel, and I've had him watched-never mind how-and well watched, too. Trust me a little, Mautd. No harm that I could ever have prevented will come to you of t this Carlyle. Whathas he to say of your father ? " The girl's heroic self-control, great as It was, nearly broke down. She bent her head for a moment, and then, raising it suddenly, spoke with quick utterance and r flashing eyes : t " rhlt lie was a felon ;that he de f franded many people, and that we mamnma and I-are living now upon that fraud ; that he did not die, as I have all my life believed, before I was born, but that he is alive now, and that he can be brought back to England and sent to gaol. Oh, is it true, Major Venables 1 Is it true i " "True anld falseo, Maud. A lie that is half the truth. Your father was an up right, stainless genttleman, whose very honour and pride in his good name be I trayed him into a fatal mistake-a crime, I fea-, in the eyes of the law. You would Snot understand, Maud, if I were to tell t you the whole story-indeed, I scarcely I undetstand it myself,. Your father was I heavily involved-it was a debt of honour o aswell as of money. He had undergone great losses, and had not asulflicient money to redeem his pledges. Be redeemed them with money entrusted to him for other purposes,hoping to refund it before he should be called to account. The time of reckoning came before he had it expecttd it, and though every farthing I. was honourably replaced, partly by him self, and partly by Mr. Chubber, his y good Ieiue and good faith were stained, . atd sonme of the owners of the funds lie i- had used would have pressed the matter U to his ruin. The best of u's have our Senemies, and your father had hisa. He Swas a proud man, and there were men Swho hated him, and were happy in his Smisfortune. It broke his heart. He Scould not bear to see the ruin of his family, the disgrace of his name. He fled Sfrom England,and I have always believed that he died, six months or so after the a discovery, in Madrid. That is the whole ~ tory, Mlaud, so far as 1 know it. It is a Svery sad one, but I, for one, can see no I disgrace in it. Your father made a grave o mistake, but it was not the act of a d felon." S " It was a crime in the eyes of the is law?" if i am afraid so." n " And this man, this Carlyle, says that t- he is still alive." 7 "That 1 do not believe." " Mamma believes it." " Ah, his lie told her as well ?" " 'Yea ; and she says he has shown hier a letter, written not six months since, in : papa's hand." Tie Major paced the roorn i earnesat se thouhilt. " Well," he said at last, abruptly re Buming his seat besido Mbadd, " tell »e a all. What was his motive in telling you It this story ? " c " To make me consent to marry hil," i answered tire girl with an irrepressible o shudder. 'Ah," said the Major, with the tone of a man who gets the answer he has fore-a seen, " to make you marry hlim. And if you won't -" " He will publish the story, and set the police on papa's track." " Where is your father 7 " " I don't know-I didn't ask." " Did your mother ask ?" SYes ; but he wouldnt tell her." Tie Major thought for ar second, and then brightened visibly. " That means one of two thiha:gs either that your father is not alive-.-" " But the lutter-the letter he shored to mammar" " That may have been a forgery. Either your father is not ahlve, or Carlyle is afraid, for his own reasons, to let you I know his whereabouts. There's hope, M?nud- there's hope, but we must wait. You must seem to consent to this bargain. ) know," he said hurriedly, as the girl'h faeo contracted, with pain and shame at his words, " it will boa bad time for you. IrBut you must be brave. Think of your r father's good name, think of Ronald, oif your morther, and beoar it for a littll time. d Lot mie know all that happens, and trust r me to do alt that I can for you. And now, I it's getting late. ht ime see you to a cab Who's there ?" he cried, for at that moment a heavy knock came at the door, and the knocker, without waiting for any hidding to enter, flung open the door,and < stood revealed as none other thln the lamented Mr. Chuhher himself. " Heow are you, AMajor I " ihe broke out with the old loud cheerfunlhes which made his corporeality a thing uirdoubt able-ghosts are never cheorful - and Ihetlatopped short with a cry of surprise : " Maud I Why, what on earth-" But his question was never completed, for, with a sudden joyful shriek of one word-" Uncle !" Maud fell in a dead faint into his arms. CHIAPTER III. CaptainCarlyle was in ai unusually good humour, as, judging from the face of things generally, as he saw them, he had a riglt to be. After many years of more or I-as storrny weather, he saw port at last, a smiling haven, where he might rest his travel-wearied limbs in peace beneath his neighbour's vine and fig-tree, none daring to make him afraid. There was no c.oud on his horiz m, not even an large as a man's hand. He had had bad times-times of poverty, thinly cloaked by a meagre,,superficial aspect of prosperity, actual days of griping hard. ship, when even the diurnal crust and cup of cold water had been wanting. He had been poor in every capital of Europe He had been kicked, cutled, and- con temned as a discovered cheat and in poster in a good many of them. Be had won a precarious lirelihood with' cards. dice, or billiard-cue, rooking the simple ones whose unlucky fate had brought them across his tortuous path; he had been rooked in turn by birds of his own feather, keener than he. He had acted as many parts upon the mimic stage be hind the footlights of tenth-rats theatres as in the real drama of life, and with as little success upon the whole. He had purveyed bad bacon and worse liquor in Californian and Australian camps. He had fought in the armies of South American Republics ; Ihe had lied, cheated, tricked, forged, and purloined his way through most countries, and had put his keen wits and imperturbable im pudence to every possible use lie could think of, except any honest one, and all to such ppur avail that now, with the tocsin of fifty years sounding in his ears, he had seen himself condemned to lie, cheat, trick, forge, and purloin his way to the grave. All that was changed now. A more agreeable prospect showed him to himself fat and llourishing, well dressed, with tojtey in his pockets, a place in society, the respectful consideration of his fellow-men, and a wife. Ah yes, a wife. That was the only blot on the prospect. Maud was unquestionably young, pretty, and amiable-to other people. Captoin Carlyle was forced to admlirt that so far his own fascinations had failed to prevail upon the wayward beauty to exteid to himself those smiles which she so freely lavished upon the world in general. The captain called philosophy to his aid. Men who had arrived at his age c-re less for the smiles of beauty than for the more solid delights of a well. assorted marriage, the advantages already enumerated above, and for his own part he could very well have done without any such encumbrance as a wife, had these advantages been procurable in any other rway than by the matrimonial tacrifice. He had been married before, certainly one:, perhaps oftener, and his memories of the marital state were not such as to make him extravagantly eager again to enter CaptainCarlyle had received from Mrs. Powler a letter, inviting him in civil terms, to pass the day at her house. Chat letter a little puzzled its recipient ; it was sir bland and suave, so friendly, so empty of all sign of the feelings which must, the captain thought, have filled the breast oif its fair inditor while she wrote r it. Confident as he was of success, the light and friendly tone of the epistle shook him a little, and set him reviewing r is posititin.. Pooh ! he replied to his own fears, his plans were perfect, nothing could frustrate them. P'wlcr, whorm all the world supposed t, bJ dead these eighteen jyats, was alive-he had seen him last. not a montth ago, and knew t perfectly well where to lay his hand on Shim SThe letter in his hand, which he had SIshown to hlrs. Powler, put that beyond a diubt. With such a threat as he had uttered, arnd as hle had the power anrd will to fulfil, hanging over their, the famoily ,c ould be as sax in his hanls hMrs. P,,wler was rich; Maul had money in Sher own right. He would dictate the terrms of the wedding settlement, and they could do nolthing hbut accede. Ohunhher-the always objecionable 1 Chubber-who had never liked him, and Swhomn he had never liked, was deaid. s Chubber dead, RItonald dismisseld O(Carlyle r had quite rmade uip his mind thet a!ter Sthe scone in the conservatory thern, could he no possible danger from that quarter), i aud and her mother terrified into sub r misnion--things had gone beautifully. He saw land at last, a veritable land of floshen after his weary pilgrimags. " It's alitrist tlo igoid ttl be true," he Ssaid to hrimself. Afherwards he re irmemibered that connoroplace lphrase, anrtil a rorned over it, as over a disatroasly truthful prophecy. Ho dressed with extra care that morn r ing, thinking out, iromeanwhile, hris plans rof operation rtlr the day. He would have Sno unpleasantness which might be avoided '--before his miarriage. If, after that a event, there should be any need to make e himself I disagrecaule, he thought he could rise t, the occasirn. d But iit the mntritme Iho t rliter d should be cloaked in thre tlaviter, and he s woltd approach Maud and her afortune, not like an runwelcome a conqrueror, but softly,as a bridegroom Sto hIis own. His appearance pleased e hin as Ihe stood before his mirror, a adding the last few tooches to perfection. dis hat shone like thIe helmet of Navarre ; his boots glittered eo that he might hIave shaved himself at them; his fawn colcurod trousers, butf waistceast, and it frock coat. fitted perfectly; his gloves clung to him like his aki ; hris hat, his cone, the gardeonia io his button- holh, were perfect of their kind. He called up to his features tlhe aomils re hhad sodilt ur gently practised daily for some time back ; n a friendly, anriable, almrst paternal gri mace which assorted aldmirably, he con it sidered, with the fast-wideninr parting of Iris hair and his rapidly grizzling meus r- talhe. He breakfasted carefully with an avoidance of all indigestible matters-of tl late days his liver had begun to assert its' ei claims to consideration-and 'issuing as into the streeoot, chose a cab at the neigh- as bouring rank, and gave the word for Mrs. c Powler's house. h It was a perfeot day, with a light wind e and a hot sun, and as he drove along be hind the smoke of his matutinal cigarette, a the more he reviewed his prospects, tho d more they charmed him, and he was in a o perfectly seraphic humour by the time he t arrived at his destination. Gaily humming o an operatic air, he discharged his cabman, v paying him something less, perhaps, than v the latter had expected from so buoyant r a.cliout, and was admitted to the house. Mrs. Powler, said the maid, expected him, and was in the consert atory. Thither I he took his way, and' entering lightly into I its cool, . green, sun flecked shadow, stopped suddenly with an actdl pang of - surprise. He felt half inclined to pinch c himself to soe whether or not he was asleep. For besides Mrs. Powler and I Moand, there also were Ronald and the t Major, looking very comfortable and com pletely at home. Mrs. Powler looked I troubled, and was clad in-deep black, as t was Maud. The girl's face was a little paler than usual, but she was amiling as sheo listened to Rtnoald-they sat a little apart from the others-and her present s expression was decidedly and unmistak- t ably happy. Carlyle felt puzzled and angry, but he was sure of his position. If Ronald cared to witness his triumph, and so accentuate his own defeat, that was his t business. He advanced with extended d hand ; Mrs. Powler half rose and bowed, I disregarding it; the Major nodded with a stony and lacklustro glare behind his I eyeglass ; Ronald and Macud took no notice at all of hIlia etrance. The silence, aftersa few seconds, seemed to have lasted an hour, and grew unbearable, so he de- o termined to break it himself. " I received your very kind letter, Mrs. Powler." "So I suppose," she answered, "since t you are here." "I am quite at yoer service," he con tin 'ed, thinking that she might prefer to make such communications as she had to make in privacy. She half bowed again, but made no other movement, and the gallant captain's embarrassment grow. "I cantrot tell you how sorry I was to hear of your sand losa," he continued after another pause. "I respected the late Mr.Chbbher very deeply, as, I am sure, did everyone who knew him " Somsething very like a promptly re pressed chuckle broke the silence at this point. It certainly was not the Major, who stood as stiff as a ramrod at the back of Mrs. Powlers seat, and whose face was a study of polie unconsciousnses And yet it seemed to come from his direction, too. " I am glad,' continued Carl le-it was. horribly uncivil, Ihe couldn't hlp thinkinl, for overybody to keep up that wooden silence, and to leave him to do all the talking. le really felt to need some slight encouragement,a little help of some kind-" I am glad to see that Miss Powler supports her grief, which must naturally be very great, so well." hobody took the smallest no'ice of this " feeler." Carlyle bhogan to think him self insulted and outraged, and his innate brutality began to assert itself. " Hadn't we better get to business l" he asked curtly. "Perhaps we had," said Mrs. Powler calmly. " Major Venanles !" The Masjor. bowed and turned to Car lyle. "As the oldest friend of the family, and as Mand's godfather, Mrs. Powler has relegated to me the duty of replying to your flittering proposal, Mr. Car lyle -" "Captain Carlyle, sir." " That's quite immaterial to the pre sent point," pursued the hMajor smoothly. " Merely a detail. As to -" "I beg your pardon," said Carlyle with wicked calm, " I must insist on the title by which I have a right to be ad dressed." " Very well," replied Venables, with a'tranquillity as evil boding as his own, "Captain- though it's quite immaterial to the present question- Captain Carlyle. ?asto your proposal, you, I am sure, will be ready to appreciate the feelings of so.rrow with which I am compelled to re fuse it." " Are you mad ?" demanded Carlyle of Mrs. Powler. " Address vourself tes me, if you please," said Venables, "and if, which does not seem at all necessary at present, you should have anything to say to this lady, speak with proper respect." Carlyle rose, white with rage. " Address myself to youti-eh Then T will. Do you know the hold I have here 7 Do you know the secret I know 7 Do you know that the whole family is in my hand, and that I've only got to close it so to smash the whole lot of you 7 " Indeed ! What is your secret ?" Carlyle glanced towards Mrs. Powler, expect'ing her to st-sy the word half formed upon his lip. But she made no sign. Her face was pale, there were traces of recent tears upon her cheeks; but there was no fear in her eyes. He passed his hand across his forchold, which had suddenly tron damp. What could this calm defiance mean I " This woman's htsband," he indicated M'rs Powler, " and that girl's father," he pointed t., Meud, "committed, nine toon years ago, a crime which brought kim under the law." " Well l" "You think he is dead, I suppose, and I therefore beyond the 1 ew 7' "Thatis my impre.saion." " Then yt.u'r mistaken I saw him not above a month ags. I can drag him I hark to Etglanst and expseo him. That's I my secret, Maj .r Venahle.., aid you know isy price for'silence " i " We ktow it, and refuse to pay it," altswered Vtnables. " You have your onawer, and isay go." "I have not got my answer," replied Carlyle; "1I refuse to take it from you. SMaud----" "Miss Powler, if you plrase," said Ronald, calmly. " Miss Powler, then," answered Car lyle, savagely, "Ill take tiy answer Sfrom you, and from you alone. Ari you r prepared to see your father dragged back Sto England, tthrown iito prison, old scandals ripped up, you and your mother driven from society, beggars and out 3 casts 1" Ieaud laughed--actually laughed. " That would be extremely disagree Sable," she answered. " But are you sure you can do it I Ysu ciinost pirosecute a I dead mat, sir." Her voice anitd face grow Ssad as she spoke the last words. "Your father is alive," eaid Carlyle. "That's a lie," broke in a voice which drove every drop of blood iu the a swindler's body to his heart with a sudden I eicksoing fear. Mr. Chubbor was stand ting there beside the Major. Carlyle reeled and almost fell. " Didn't expect to see me, I suppose," said tile old gentleman. "iRather a r eock ti a nervous, dleIcate chap like you, 3 ain't it, 7" . There was such a triumph in the old S.mant's face, so broad and unmistakable a that the scoundrel felt as if the snlid I ground on which hIe stood were crumbling benetatih him. "You-you !" he gasped, breathlhsaly. " Me, and no error," respocded a Chuhber, cheerful as of old. " A man \- ain't always in the salne train with his I luggage, you know, Captain. I was a pretty riled when I missed that train, and a f'ound miyself in a furrin' land without ,as Itucih as a clean thirt or a razor1 p but I recognise that little accident now as HIeaven's own providence. I wasn't spared for nothling, when so many better uisen than tio went to smashl. There wasn \- work for me to dt, and I was spared to isdo it." " Well," said Carlylo, fighting with a a pluck worthy of a better cause against these repeated shooks, and against the c sickening premonitions of failure they r seemed to be, " what have you got to t say ? You know that Powler's alive, be- v cause you supported him. You've sent him five hundred a year for the last I eighteen years." "I've sent him more than that," an swered Chubber, taking a seat and pro ducing a pocket-book. "I've sent him, on the average, a thousand a year for the last fouryoars- since you found him out and sponged on hitm. I wondered what a quiet chap like Powler, as never was extravagant, wanted with all that money when he was living in such cheap r places about the Continent; now I know. He had you to keep As well as himself, Here's a letter as I received from him." He opened and read :-" Cohlonz, May 21, 1882. Hum ! Hard pressed-losses -unexpected calls-can I lot him have a couple of hundred 7 And an on. Here's another : - Aix-la-Chapelle, April 14, 1881, to the same tune. I elways sent the money, never let him ask in vain. And I am so glad of it now, precious glad I am. Because 1 know now that honoever wrote one of 'em- nat one of 'em. You wrote 'em. Forgery, my noble captain I Nasty word. isn't it? I've kept all the letters I got front him, and all your for geries, and I've got 'em here," rapping the pocket-book. " Now what have you got to say--h '" "I see, I see," said Carlyle calmly. " You want to frighten me ; that's a hoed thing to do, Mr. Chtbber. Well, they are forgeries ; I own it. I wrote those letters, I received the money they asked for; Powler never had a penny but hill live hundred a year. I own it, in the presence of witnesses. Well ! After 1" " You're a cool hand," said Chubber, looking at him with an expression in which loathing and a kind of admiration were curiously blended. "You're plucky -I'll say that for you. After? British juries are hard on forgery. We're a comin muercial nation, you know, Captain." " You propose to prosecute 1" " latlher !" " And what about Powler 1" " Wht '?" asked Chubbor, leaning for ward impressively. " What about the five thousand pounds you bled him of, when yoe found out what he'd done, nineteen years ago ? Captain Carlyle eh ? That's a pretty name, ain't it ? But your name ain't Carlyle, and you ain't a Captain. Your name is John Brookes, and you were my brother-in law's confi dential clerk, and compounded his felony by taking a price to hbe silent, as you want to do now. John Brookes. forger and compounder of felony; that's your name, and that's your title I" " Admitted," answered the swindler with perfect calm. "But you daren't prosecute." "No? Why not ?" "Becanuse can bring Powler baok to England as a felon. I know where he is." " Do you I And where is he 1" "I saw him last a month ago, in Brussels." "Quite so. And he died, three days ago, in my arms in Avignon." "It's a lie i" cried Carlyle, glaring round for some merans of escape. Ronald had quietly posted himself at the door by which he had entered, and the major was at the one leading to the garden. In front of him stood Chubber. "If you believe as it's a lie, you can act on that belief," replied the latter. "I'm going to give you the chance. Ronald, you'll find a couple o' peelers in the kitchen, along o' the cook. Just give 'em the office to come up. Lock that door first, though." Carlyle raged like a trapped beast, but suddenly, with a tremendous effort, calmed himself. "My game's up," he said. "But it isn't worth your while to prosecute. If he's dead, 1 can't bring him into court. But his good name ought tobe somoeting to you, and if you prosecute me, I can blacken it." "You're welcome to that bit o' satin. faction," said Chubber. "It'll sweeten your skilly in Portland, and make oakum. pickin' quite pleasant for you. Roland, fetch the peelers up." "You'd better not," said Carlyle; " unless you want all the world to know that your wife's the daughter of a criminal." blaud laid her hand upon her uncle's f arm. " Let him go, if he will promise silence." " Let him go 1" echoed Olubber. "Why, AMaud-" " For my sake, uncle." "For your sake, Maud? They'd be words to conjure with, if you asked me anything else but this. Why, he'd ha' married you ; ha' took you from Ronald; ha' dragged you down to his own level; ha' broke your heart; perhape-he's villain enough for anything, even for that -perhaps he'd ha' beat and ill-used you. You ! My little Maud !" He clasped her to him, his voice broke suddenly ; there were tears in his eyes as he spoke those last words. "For myleake," repeated Maud. "And for papa's I You loved him, too." "It goes against the grain, Mand; terribly against the grain." He thought for a mom3nt, and then, with a burst of rage end e;orn, turned on Carlyle. "Go, you black-hearted cur, before I soil my I hands, and do you a mischief ! Get out of my sight. Thank goodness, the gallown'll get you yet; I'm only giving you a extra yard o' rope ! Open the door, Ct'n',aid." The young man obeyed, and Charles Carlyle, alias John Brookes, walked out of the houes and out ,,f this story. Tihe end prophesied for him by lMr. Chuhbber has not yet arrived, but I am not without hope, on reviewing bis past career, that the old man's vaticenation may yet be fulillhed.--looelhold IVordls. 