GENERAL NEWS. MENTAL HEALINC IN BOSTON, U.S.A. A Boston correspondent of tho Times writes under date of 11th May : — This city has become the head quarters of a rcligio-metnphysical furore, which with in a few months lias infected so many pcoplo of all classes in New England that the mental contagion is almost sure to spread beyond American limits. The sci ence of mental healing — nothing that originates in Boston is less than a scieneo or an art— is the ambitious name of tho movement whicli its leaders havo assumed. Tlie Press of the coun try find frequent occasion to moke sharp allu sions to the " Boston mind-cure craze," but it is a long time since any local paper has been so indiscreet as to moke siurrish refer ences to the new pathology. Here is a familiar Boston parlor sccno ; two ladies sit a little way apart; in Quaker meeting silence for perhaps twenty minutes. The faco of ono is as hotly flushed as if she had been indulg ing in violent exercise, physical instead of mental. Tho other, tho patient, apparently doses in her chair. Externally this is all that constitatcs a mind cure treatment, to which hundreds hereabouts aro daily submitting. Tho fundamental idea that underlies tlie systom of mental healing is that there is no such tiling as sickness. Disease, say tho mental healers, is on error of the mind, the result of fear. This startling hypothesis entails somo very strange and absurd conclu sions. Tho leader of ono of tho factions — for there are several in sharp rivalry one with another — gives these instructions for healing : — " Season iu your mind that God made every thing good. He is not the author of disease. Therefore, as disease is not a creation it has no existence, but it is merely a delu sion of tho mind, the effect of fear. Bear is faith inverted and perverted. Yon are to gain the confidence of your patient ; make him tell you the cause of what he thinks is his disease. But with your clearer mind you see that it is not sickness at all. Thcro is testimony iu abundance, radical positive, and undoubtedly honest, from people who claim to havo been cured by the new agency of organic disease of long standing ; hut investigation develops so many weak or incre- dible points that closo analysis is almost always unsatisfactory in its results. Illustrations might he detailed by the score, but a single well- authenticated case will suffice. A promi nent dentist of this city fell nnd severely injured his knee. He sent for a surgeon of good repute, who examined the limb and diagnosed a fracture, saying that he could plainly detect tho grating of the broken edges of the bono against each other. The patient was properly treated, and was advised to reconcile himself to several weeks' con finement. But, yielding to the impor tunities of his wife, ho allowed her to call in a mindcure practitioner. He treated tho injured man according to tha tenets of tho new school and tried to persuade him that lie was not really injury. Finally, ho induced him to get np and walk, which he did, at first with difliculty, but soon with comparative case. The dentist walked into the oflico of the surgeon who first attended him tho next morning, and tlie doctor thought for a moment that he saw a ghost. This case is naturally reckoned a great triumph of mental healing over old fashioned methods. The old school surgeon, of course, simply acknowledges that he mndo a mistaken diagnosis, and says the gentleman sustained only a strain of tho knee joint. For several weeks post, as stated at the outset, tho religious revolution involved in the now departure has overshadowed the consideration of the physical phenomena in the public mind. The theological innovations are confiued to tbo creed of tho Christian Scientists, who constitute tho largest division of tho mind cure host. They niako the principles of a new theology indispensable in their theories of mental healing. They aro led by Mrs. Eddy, who is tho high priestess of the whole movement. She claims to be tho founder of tho science, though rivals deny It, and her account of the diviuo origin of the faith is worth mentioning. In 1866, according to her story, she fell accidentally upon the side walk, nnd suffered spinal injury and paralysis, which physicians declared would result fatally in a fow hours, Her pastor called to seo her just before tho end was apparently at hand, und offered her consolation. She begged him to re turn in tho aftcrnoou, but no one believed she would then ho liviug. By revelation from Heaven at that time God's actual re lation towards her nnd to the human race was made clear, and she realised that licr hurt was but an error which, when supplanted by the truth, wonld disappear. By the light of licr hew knowledge, she brought herself by mental process into a proper attitude toward Johovah, and when the clergy man called a few hours later, expecting to com fort a bereaved family, she met him at tho door Ever since, Mrs. Eddy says, she has had the power of healing others ns she was herself healed. Tho creed which she lias formulated as tho bnsis of her system is'a peculiar theological mixture. But, as Professor Stacy Fawlersaid in a recent paper on the subject, "If they hcal, people will not stop at a question of theology. H they heal tbey will curry tho day and they ought to." Hence it is that Haw thorne Hall, whero the Christian Scientists wor ship, is thronged for an hour before the lime for service each Sunday. So eager are pcop'oto hear that after the standing room is all token pcoplo crowd around outsido tho d\ w!ro they can catch only an occasional word or two Tho service consists of ordinary devotional exorcises preceding a sermon by Mrs. Eddy. But tho crood the teaches is so blindly and Ulogically presented, is so full of appa rent inconsistencies, that it would bo an liu possiblo task to dcscribo it, even in outlino. "God is an infinite mind; matter is nothing. Personality is tho embodiment of mind, for giveness of sin means destruction of sin , theso ore fragmentary ideas gained by listening to ono of Mrs. Eddy's rambling talks. Tho Hov. A. J. Gordon, D.D., a prominent Baptist clergyman, who has studied tho books of the Christian Scientists thoroughly aud talked with all the leaders, pronounces their creed n mixture of Pantheism and Buddhism. The delusion, he says, is mnst insidious. The large uso of tho Bible, tho strenuous demand for holiness and self- abnegation in the disciples, tho results apparently effected in tho ministry to tho sick —these aro very powerful considerations for at- trading converts. And so hundreds, of young ladies especially, are drawn into tlio system uudcr the impression that they nro getting some finer quality of Christianity. Dr. Gordon pre dicts that this is not the final issue. If tho body is only a phantom nnd tho flesh only a shadow, by aud by some Tory practical sinners will take refuge under the system, nud insist that the sins of flic body and the transgressions of tho flesh nro harmless, sinco tlicy arc only the phantom of a phantom and tlie shadow of a- shadow. Dr. Gordon regards the whole system as a sort, of witch's cauldron, in. which every couccivablo heathen and Christian heresy i6 seething and simmering to produce tlie subtle essence called "mental medicine.". On tho other baud, tho Bev. O. P. Gilford, auothcr Baptist clergyman, of equal standing, and several other prominent ministers, defend the Christian Scientists nnd endorse much of their philosophy, while admitting that much more of it is unintelligible. Bnt tho clergy ns n whole now regard the subject with grave apprehension, and on all sides they arc discussing the situation with great earnestness. They hardly know how to deal with Iho danger, for the sincerity of all infected with tho new faith is undoubted, and any policy of opposition or denunciation serves only to in crease their ardor. Scores of applications have been mndo to evangelical churches of tho Bap tist, Methodist, Congregational and Episcopalian denominations for letters of dismissal, that tho applicants may join the Christnin Scientists' Church. All sucli applications havo been refused, hut tho converts to tho new idea never theless worship with those of tlie new creed. The public discussion of the now theology wn3 begun a fow weeks ngo by tlio Bev. Joseph Cook, npon his Monday lectureship platform. He endorsod tho views of Dr. Gordon, nnd de nounced the Christian Scientists unsparingly. Since then the subject has been discussed from week to week at ouc or more of the conferences of ministers of the various denominations. . Tho persons who ore most affected by tlie craze, except the actual converts, aro the physicians; but from thcin least is publicly heard. Perbups tho best antidote. after having spent some time iu canvassing tlie views of the mental healers and in discussing the theological side of tho subject, is to call upon some good old fashioned physician, who lias been adding years to men's lives for half a century. "Doctor," a veteran jiractitiouer was asked recently, "why don't you take in your sigu now that tlie mind euro - people have shown that no one need be sick unless he has a mind to ?" "Don't raako fun of fools, young uiuii," the reply came ; "it only strengthens them in their tolly. When people ask mo if there is anything iu mental healing, I say yes, of course there is. Every physician knows that when a patient's mind or imagination is in sympathy with him tho work of curing is iu many cases half done. In dealing with mental and ner vous diseases, ono object aimed at is to secure absolute pence of mind on tho part of tlio patient. Thou nature will work her own cure. Sometimes it is neccsnry to administer a fow bread pills or n few drops of colored water to induce full confidence. But it is useless to argue with people who try to show that, there is no sickness and that poisons won't kill. The craze might us well run its course." 