V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase Meeting Tmi V.R.O. Grand National Steeple cha*e meeting took place on the Fleming ton racecourse on Saturday afternoon, and proved succeaaful, though tho attendance iv materially lessened, while the casual tin incidental to jumping races were consideiably inercaaed by the wet weather of Saturday "morning. ' Bat, making allowances for the effect of (ho threaten ins weather, the attendance, which included bit Excellency the Governor and a paity from Government House, waa aatufaetory. The racing throughout the day ni good, and iboujh the running ground waa heavy very fair time waa ■recorded. Proceeding commenced with the Maiden Hurdle Race, in which the favorite, Hippogriff, (cored a win, S'-m Breeze b»inc second. Duration third. In the Maiden Steeplechase, which followed, another favnrito in Krticcnt won, Lady Aahton fillins nocoi d place, while Kulkyno was third. Therv were 10 starter* f<« tho Grand Xstional Hurdle Itace, which in tuited in a win for The Agent, a eallant little chestnut hor*e belonging to Mr. C. H. T. Hart, of Adelaide. The winner's previous performance » cau»od him to be top weight, but des|ite thin ho exper ienced no difliciiliy in beating Ooordti-h, who had cut nut the running for the greater part of the thr<M: inilns. Cnoklxjat finished third. In the (iraiid National ■Steeplechase ihero nere 14 »tarter», and tho result, »ftcr a »erie« nf fall", wa»a win for Wymlet, who waaridrlen by Orrifran; Sailor wa/i n-ciind, and Denmark third. The winner in the j)rop«ri> of Mr. Martin Loughlin, of Dallarnt Blorren, a hor»e bcloneing to the same owner, w«»f»vorhc, but in company with several othera ho camu to griff over the itoncwall in front of the grand «tand. None'of the ri<ler» were very seiiounly injured. Student won tho Selling Hurdle Kacc, Flamboro'ieh being accond, and Donca»ter third. The winner waa bought in for 140 guincaa, oil of which goes to the club'i fund». The Flat Race, which concluded the meeting, waa won by Tho Ghost, with Plauaible aecond, and Bohemian third. Tbs Governor-in-Oouncil hu reroked the temporary rc*»rration of a site at Poroborneit for the tue of the Railway Department. 