TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTON, MONDAY. A dusty, disagreeable morning found trainers anxious to get through their work as quickly as possible. There was no time made to speak of, for. although the recent addition of old tan to the sand track has undoubtedly much Improved it, tho open ing morning of the week is rarely utilised for fast galloping. A. L. Johnson bad Ms long string at work before 6 o'clock, Amongst them being the speedy Footman, who is looking bloom in? ayaln. S. G. Cook's contingent worked on the inside of the course proper, the Marcs' Produce Stakes winner, Bemus, striding along very nicely. Coffey had St Lawrence, Welcome Jack, and Co. travelling at medium paoe ; Hurricane, who looks all the better for bis spell, amblod gently 'found the tan, whilst Genoe (with J. Munro up) was exercised over the schooling hurdles, but did not display much aptitude for rate game. Joe's Indian Quctn, however, fenced in first-class style. Of J. Morrison'* lot, St Odille was sent along most stoutly, and Mr. s. Martin's latest purchase, AU Gold-who is a thorough tradesman to scan - wm evidently in great heart as he negotiated a copple of half-pace toms on the outer rink. ITNamu* gave Lord Wilton serviceable work, th(< handsome chestnut evidently relishing it; and of H. TothUl's team, 8ardlus, Ballant, Affluence, Lantern, sad Joanna were most observable, the latter moving very tenderly. O. H. finod had the evergreen Agent bowling merrily along, Ruin, Islander, and the rest ot his charges also tvoridng moderately. One of the most improved hones at flemington if Allander, who should certainly reward J. Tully tor his care and attention eto long, i Jhe son of King of the Blng and Lady Hanneri Sutton was sent twice round at half pace. Judging *2? BJngmaster'a appearaooe James Wilson, jun., ' meditate# a trip to New Bourowales, jvhither he is likely to1>e aooompanlod by Off Colour. > The brace, at alio First nlow aud*u<>thcr were given moderate exercise. Middlcmarch ct}verod a mile at three-quarter speed; but ^oclpedc, who looks in rare form, was ,,ot upon to extend himself. The Jew Zealand colts, ffhMndwbolt a»d -Winchester, both of whom arc on the improving side, were given '°"2 work, their countryman Liverpool hc'njt motca out similar exercise, on example copied b.v Kit MIDIIICS, Mr. A. R. lilaokwood has an exceedingly nice-looking colt in Mr. F. F. Dakln's charge, named Afflaos Cbj Aprcmont trom Aglaia), who, togethw with Opal (Wellington-The Gem), and St. Paul (Newminster -Ouida) was cantered mildly twloe round tho sand track. The Tasmanlan stoeplechasln? celebrity Caledonian was given useful work, ana, despite the disability ol being minus one eye, the sou of Horatio ana Countess bears the Impress of beta? fully able to sustain his reputation,and, being in Mr. J. Crlppe's stable, will be afforded every oppor tunity of appearing at his best. Glasscock had Distiller putting in strong work; and Huht, w Jtn Go ?dwoon, J. Munro, with Joey, and M. Moran, \wtn . triumvirate, were oonspicuous amongst tne jumping talent. In the afternoon Mr. ». t. Dakin brought down Commotion, Glimmer, ana Aglaos. The veteran seems to be gcttlng_ Bound again, but a gentle potior four times round the tan was all that was required of him. Glimmer Is a three-year-old half-brother to Magnet, being by Lamplighter from Magto Lantern. In company, with the two-year-old he traversed a couple of cir cuits of the p&nd; at a canter. Tlie Bowers Tatter sail's Oup winner, Gratitude, looking none the worse for her exertions on the previous Saturday, was also exercising. Tcbsdat. Another disagreeable morning, and work nearly over by 7 o'clock. A. L. Johnson first afield, Manfred being given a strong round of tho sand. Coney ae epatohed Fair Ellen, St Lawrence, and Aoolyte on the tan, but shifting on to the sand the trio executed a sterling gallop of a mile and fire furlongs, the Metropolitan 8takes winner having apparently much the best of the tryst. Mr. Cooke s do detachment put in some good work, his recent pur chase. Dividend, looking very pink. Reginald and St. Oolite strode round at good three-quarter pace, but although the filly moved freely, the Grandmaster -Ave Maria colt is evidently a long way froiu being cherry ripe: All Gold gained more friends than ever by his action in a half-pace round. Mr. W.K. Dale in, who had been an absentee the previous day through an attack of his old enemy the gout, i>ut in an appearance about 6 o'clock, and started with sending Quentin Matsep, Damocles, and Selkirk a couple of times round the outer circle. The former, who lias only been up since last October, is fast put ting on condition, and when more matured, b:tls fair to ripen into a good horse. The biotlier to Umt.crto is in rude health, a remark which will also apply to the Robinson Crusoe-Luna, colt, Selkirk by I name. An upstanding tuojxar-old colt, named First Consul, by Gang' -Sfoiward, out of Josephine, displayed good galloping power; but. l.ke manv of the Gang Forwards, his temper is abominable. Menotti, Beckwith, and The Pencil also exercised moderately; the latter is speedily recover ing the accident which befell him prior to the last spring meeting. Mr. M. P. Whittv had Martyr and Vascosa striding gently round, and amongst Tothill's charges the speody Bis Bis looks and goes as if she was returning to her two-year-old form. Bal larat and Affluenoe had a mile dash round the tan; but as they took over Smin. com passing toe circuit the performance was below medio crity. Lord Wilton was pottering slowly round the tan, where The Agent put in a couple of improving turns. Islander and Jooular worked in company, finishing up with a smart brush, tho grey colt looking like wanting to improve the pace. St. John was not ex tended, Country Boy was again an absentee, and Gover nor and Naming were sent over the schooling Jumps. First Prince, OS Colour, and Ringmaster finished up by running home five furlongs in lm. 10s. Thunder bolt was sent quietly a couple of turns, and Liver rl, Winchester, and Opal traversed a similar distanoe company, the Wellington colt moving like a thorough sluggard. AcIAOS, EL Paul, and a filly by Professor out of Countess, came along from the five furlong post at three-quarter speed, the two-year- olds displaying good form. The Messrs. Cripps had their formidable contingent all working, the pick of the basket appearing t) be Duration, who is coming along famously, and executed a twice round in excellent styic.2Caledonian was given strong work on the sand, as was also a hnsre black gelding named Phenomenon, owned by Mr. M. Moran. J. Lang had Vergy and Agatha working moderately inside the course proper, and during the morning Messrs. Mahon, Tully, Horsfall, Glasscock, and L. Thomas gave their charges useful though unim portant work. The latter has relieved H. Cbifncy as trainer for Mr. J. Cohen, the horses being located at Frank MortUon's pending the erection of private stables. FLEMINGTON, WEDNESDAY. Training operations were very quiet, not a single gallop of importance being executed. Aladdoliaa was sent along at three-quarter paoe. Ringmaster, First Prince, and Off Colour exercised moderately, as also did Coffey's team, 8. Davis being up on Girofla. and Joe's Indian Queen looking as if business was intended in the immediate future. Aglaos, St. Paul, and the Professor-Countess filly rattled home a smart half-mile, the tiiumvirate swing ing along in good style. Tothill's horses all worked moderately. Stornoway, looking verr well, was despatched twice round the tan, Agatha putting in a couple of improving turns on the sand. Lord Wilton was ajain pottering on tho tan, Velocipede being given useful work oa the Rand. Anglesey was not extended, and is evidently a bit off colour. Lesbia and Mrs. Jarlcy cantered twice round right- handed inside the course proper, and Perchance. uiwii whom Jellett is fast putting the polish, rcpcatea the per formance on the outer rink. Royal Maid, Distiller, Marquis, Sensation, Phenomenon, and Goodwood were most conspiouous of the jumping division, the former looking fine enough to hold her own on the flat, where she is reputed to bo exceedingly last Thchsdat. A fine Fcotc'i mitt fell during the morning, but did not retard training. Mr. 8. U. Cook sfa'ted opera tions with Remus, who twung gently once round to the mile po^t, whence he came hotue with the peculiar creeping action oi Guesswork in exceedingly good time, moving with great freedom. Dividend rattle I home five furlomri in fine style. Marie Louise, Cyclops, and Mainsail being allotted gentle work. Ang'csey, who strode along in some thing of his old form, put in a couple of improving rounds. A! land or and Scylla wound up a scoond circuit of the sand with a smart seven furlong brush, in which the furlongs were negotiated under even time, the chestnut horte striding along with great vigour. First Consul, Damocles, and Menotti were given a half-mile flutter, the latter not being persevered with, and, although no attempt was made to have the gallop a time test, the perform ance was a brilliant one. St. OdiUc, after a prelimintry round solus, was picked up by Reginald, the brace coming along to the mlie-and-a-quarter post, where V. C. joined in a merry dlng-donger-In which five furlong* was covered in lm. 10s.-resulting in the filly and tho two year old finishing iu front of Reginald. Quentin Matsep was sent two very strong turns on the sand. Velocipede spun round a circuit of the tan in lm. 511s., continuing the Journey another sound, but tiring greatly towards the finish. All Gold covered the last seven furlongs of a twice round at a fast pace, and is evidently in Unt-diu trim. Amongst Mr. A. It. Johnson's large oontiogent-Ferulea,' Man fred, -Hod crick Dhu stood out prominently by his free . action when, compassing two rounds of the sand. L. Thomas had Umbra, Royal Maid, and Wymerio exercising, but the former was tho only one sent at any paoo, the half sifter to Jessie traversing two improving rounds. Reginald, first Price, ana Off Colour had a liye'y set to after some preliminary cantering, and. although not at (heir top speed, the first-nonna displayed his superiority over his companions. Evle, The Pencil, Unoas, Martyr, Mistral, and Cincinnati!* exercised mode rately. Middlouiarob was dusted along strongly for a utile, Tho much . improved Foot man. looking very fresh, was despatched two medium turns on tho outer rink, St. Lswrenox Acolyte (looking remarkably well), and Genbe went twioe round the sand, Joe'e Indian Queen being given an extra turn. Bnrrioane nut In long, slow work oa the tan. Lord Wilton, Childe Harold, mod The Bishop rattled home at three-quarter pace, and although the Adelaide Cup winner seemed to move freely enough when galoping he walked about retherdot tily afterwards. Totiiiil gave his team sound work, Juauna settling down taore quietly to SL With tho exception of St. Paul and Aglaos, who spurted half a tniie, none Of Mr. F. F, Dakin's charges per formed out of tho ordinary, alholt Tritonla (by The Professor from Oouutess) was learning tho ruaimeoU of racing In company with « St Albans mare in ,R. 6erior*s cans. Equity, looking vcty fit, cantered gently, and Distiller etrode round in" com rnny with a brother to Don Quixote two h&K-paoe; turns- A. Davios had Maddelina,1 ©faloe. and the rest of his string doing moderate work. 'Kit Itabbles and Perobanoe at intervals .mildly, Mr. J. Hawmifl save Hannibal ftnd a chi*tout aster to the .Croagh fytriok horse a getitlo flutter, the Wiling ' plater looking ak gay ai ever. In tlio afternoon Moran gave Phenomenon a Ci'uetliii!,' on fhc rend, where Reginald pat in one turn and-St. Qdille a couple. The teatnft'ol .lames Wilson, jun., and T. Coffey were also exercis ing. Fwdat. Another off morntngr, thoneli none of the celebrities were absent. Gratitude executed a good, strong round, the mile being oovered in lin. 6&3\. TothlH hud also Sard!us, Uattarat, Juanna, Bis Big, Afltucnoe, Dob Cooper (who looks as if a spell would do falrano harm), and Lantern at work. Kardius is plucking up wonderfully. Uoderlok Dhu was sent a mile at a (rood pace, and went extremely well; but Aliandcr did not seem ? to be able to get along in a mite dash with Scylla. The hurdleraeen Distiller and Marquis strode nicely along, the latter displaying a good oash of foot along the back strctoh. Vascosa was sent round at half pace ; Gasburner and Martyr being treated to gentle canter*. Duration was 6ent two Improving: rounds on the sand, and Sensation and Hopetoun exercised mo 'erately. Mr. B. Gray put in an appear ance with a bay four-year-old gelding named Mirth (by Wolloinal out of Mateppa), but. did not call upon him to extend himself. G. U. Bead, who did not come down till late the previous morning, was on the scene before breakfast time, and sent Jocular a good strldingcouple of rounds on the sand. This trainer has Tlio Agent, Ruin, Islander, and Oovemor looking blooming. The jumping talent mustered in foroe, amongst them being Phenomenon, Goodwood, Progress, Tattler, and Gasalier. CAULFIELD, THURSDAY. There was a good deal ot useful work crone through this morning by several ot the horses engaged at the Eisternwick, V.A.T.G., and V.R.C. meetings. The weather wag dull and oloudy, and Messrs. Connolly and Bencc were at work by half-past 4 o'clock, the former having a string of a dozen on the various tracks. The course most in use was the newly-formed one, the horees crossing the running track approach ing the hill, an9 running on the extreme oabride. The going was A little rough, and an application of the brush harrow and roller would evidently be an improvement-the formation of a tan track oil the inside ground, wou'd be greatly appreciated bv trainers. Bencesent Impulse, accompanied by Ai banus, a useful working gallop oncse round, the King Cole mare looking fairly well; Lady Asbton was doing some serviceable exercise for two miles and a half. The colts Lord Chancellor and Don Giovan were doing a bit of smart work over live furlongs, and they were looking gay. Orlando, Mossiface, Fitzroy, and several others of the team were treated to useful striding cxercisc, and Master Pinetop, with Bonny Boy, executed a working ga'lop twice round, the last time at a strong pace. Ishmact, Grattan, Mabel Gray (Chester), and others of Bencc's were exercising. Kelly had several ltorecs at work. Lando was cantering in clothing, and Warfield was also indulged in mild exercise. The Owl and Oculist were striding along at half- pace over twice round. Mr. J. Leek's Distiller and Master John were doitig some moderate exercise. Leporello, who joined the team a few weeks back, wason the track,and St. Ellen was doing useful work. Batty had Astronomer, Town ley, Robin, Umberto, and Roaicrucian doing some useful exercise. J. King exercised Ace ana Union Jack. Mr. Harper had the steeplochase horse Stampede on the ground working slowly, and the two-year-old The Fossicker was cantering. T. Jones commenced with the two-year-old Sweet Marion and Stag, both centering one round the track, in hand. Afterwards the Bteepleraeer did some sound exer cise, and Sweet Marion joined Louise Berta for a bit of nice work. Lizette was treated to half-pace exer cise in the sand, whore Waverley, General Jackson, Violet, Louis, First Pop, and Melodious were moving along for good preparatory work. Hippogriff was sent twice round the outer running, followed by Bohemian, both horses moving along in nice form. Blink Bonny also worked on the 6ame track, the big mare striding along with her usual freedom. Camerinc, with Ditto, ran a couple of times round for a serviceable gallop. The two year olds ot the team were all working, and Meerschaum was treated to half-pace exercise. The colt Day Star looks like growing into a nice horse. Mr. Duffetfs horses, which at present oocupy the boxes at the Caulfield Club Hotel whilst their own are being renovated, were all at work. Grace Darling, who eeems to have recovered from the foil at Fiemington, was doing some nloe exercise. The Ghost striding along for a scrvioeablo pipe opsner over a mile. Nuncio, Gadfly, and several others of the team were all being treated to some fair pacc work. P. Lang was excrcisini De lamia, who looks to be a much improved filly, and Solo was bowling along at a nice pace. That arrant rogue Garibaldi was on the track, and showing temper so bad that Leng was compelled to put King up, and after a tussle of some minutes the colt strode onoe round for a useful gallop; when in the humour he exhibits good form. There were several other horses an the ground duriagtho morning. T. Ojtborae, who has three horses in lian I, is scarccly yet settled down to business. The improvements to his stabling, &c.;, are not yet quite completed. The boxes, eight in number, are all being laid down with asphalt, which is so much in use in racing ttables in Eng land. 