Paris Letter. PARIS, JANUAHY 8IID. BISMARCK somehow manages to keep upper most with the French mind. He is the hope of a few, the fear of several, tmd an object of detestation for the many. M. Ferry seems to have staked his political fortune 011 the loyal intentions of " the honest broker,'' ivhile.the chancellor on his side, calculates upon using the French premier, something like the maid of all work. The French commencc to see, that in backing homo the sovereign rights of France on the Congo, Bismarck has pandered to their weakness and appetite for territory, knowing full well that it saddles them with important duties which signify men and millions ; which will be a source of weakness if France be engaged in any serious way; whilo in the piping times of peace, England, America, oven the quiet German himself-if such exists now a-days, will as usual cut out the French in cheap trading. As for the new realms being re spuutctl ftn Tom Tidtllov'o ground in casu of a general war, no one seriously believes that the Bismarck house of cards, would be long left standing, even if backed by the German fleet, which has yet to show what stuff it is made of. Now it 'is precisely in saddling their country with now liabilities, without even tlie ghost of certain profits, that the French perceive they lmvo been as usual sold. Bonedotti wished ho had Belgium. M. Ferry, the diggings and nuggets on the Congo. The nation would make a new year's gift of all the recent protectorates and colonies of France, in cxchango for that " lovo star"-Alsace-Lorraino. What puzzles the French, moro and more every tiny, is the marked silonco of English statesmen, their veritable inwiisimici' in prosonco of the " understandings," of Messrs Bismarck and Forry. They know she has her eye on them both, and is not in a Sleepy Holiow, while ministerially Franco and Germany, are in the honeymoon of thoir allianco. The attitude of England, the nbsenco of all uneasiness on her part, is pre sumed to indicato a profound insight into the play of Germany ; the suspicion that the Princo is only making a cat's paw of Franco or, that England has hor plans too, to check mate any action of a serious naturo on the part of the two lovers. Then if England made up her mind, that Bismarck was really in earnest to trip her up, to commence tho dismemberment project, she has only to whisper a word to the French generals, that she was not indisposed to lending a hand to bringing back Alsaco to tho fold, and all treaties, offensive and dofonsive, with Germany would vanish. Bussia might seek then to improve tho occasion, by rounding off hor western frontiers, and as for German colonies and tho German floet, M. Bismarck might make his mind easy on that score. Thoro arc moro than Englishmen who would not put upwith tho now rolo of Fatherland that of organising antagonism botweon Statos, in ordor to permit hor to enrich hor noli' from their jiuiuii. or tu j'cpostr~in a strogth based on tho struggles of others. Those views aro curront and well-weighed in tho thinking classes, and form tho pro gramme of tho politicians that must in duo course succeed to tho reigns of power. Franco does not follow with a light hoart, tlio dispatch of frosh rogimonts to Tonquin. That which weighs on tho situation is, to ascertain how is tho whole matter to end? Aftor driving John Chinaman across tho border, what next, and noxt ? An expedition to Pokin, roplies professional and diplomatic opinion. To demand such, will bo a tost act for the country. In tho moan time ovents depend 011 tho fortune of war. Tho stronger Franco strikes, tho moro tho blow will bo re-echoed. It is only with Western powers that Bismarck has influence. Iio cannot apparently weigh 011 tho Empress of China and hor Council, nor ontico or press, Bussia or Japan, to mako a discussion. Tho opposition is chanting a l'oquicm over tho fato of the country, bocanso 0110 million istoad of thvoo composing tho budget, has been votod by tho parliament. Tho dirgo is only platonic. Of courso it would have boon bottor had legislators completed their work, within tho 1884 sossion, and not liavo to commenco tho now year with (in arroar .of business. Tho dolay will not add to, or take from, tho burdon of taxation. Tho post ponement only moans tho wasto of time. Tho protectionists are about tho merriest set of follows at the close of tho year. They have won all boforo thorn. A frootrador can lmrdly raiso his head ;ho would almost bo hooted out of tho country, or gratituously supplied with a tar and foa'thor costumo, as a roward for bad patriotism. Tho Famino mootings vote a plaguo on both tho houses, and demand food. Employment Booms to bo given up as a bad speculation. Howovor, broad riots novor can asumo any importance in Franco; fchoy aro included under tho category of riots'in general, and so to bo suppressed. A negloctod riot is tho preour sol' of a rovolution. AVlmt would procipitato matters would bo, a six weeks continued frost and snow. Tho Egyptian question is considered to form part of tho gonoral plan of tho now foroign rotations that England in suspected of hatching. It is not tho bondholders that now occupy sorious consideration, but will Europo bo proparod to fight England out of Egypt, if:tho English nation makos up its mind rosolutoly that it will not abandon tlmt country after having mado so mnny sacrifices to sot it on its foot. Tho symptoms of England to adopt a moro vigorous colonial policy, do not add any comfort to tho situa tion, whoro so much gunpowder is lying about. It is being felt, that if England does not dosiro or court war, she will not hositato to strike rapidly and strong, if others opon tho ball. The confederation of her colonies for mutual dofenco, is now rogardod as a foregone conclusion. As a colonial powor, it is a nocossity for hor to well bind all tho faggotu. No mattor what way events turn Parisians must liavo tlioir calces and alo. Tims thoro is no falling ofT in tho preparations for "visiting," in honor of tho now yiiu\ only the Greeks will bring lower prosonts. Tho children whoso thoology is confined to tho 0110 nrticlo, that tho I.'iiit ,Jrun, desconds tho chimnoy, and deposits in their shoes Homo of the thousand riritx, that constitute for in fancy, a tiling ofbeauty-and a joy of twenty four hours, will be somewhat disappointed this new year's eve. But parents have to economise every son to weather the bad times, and when there is nothing, even babies, like kings, loose their rights. The never-to-be-forgotten classes will also be disappointed this year. Tips will bo extensively reduced, like the budget: the experiment of replacing the cutting down, by increased warmth for tho recipient's good health and longevity, will be extensively tested this New Year's festival. As for tho Concierge, their heads reflect tho tipe of menace and fear-a Fury and Medusa. To abolish their great expectations would in deed bo tho decadenco of France. It is with regret I learn, that the class which merits most an annual gratuity-tho post men, lias been terribly hit this season by tho bad times. This is the more to bo ro gretted, as they nre all steady and married men, and tho tips enter as a serious item into their annual income. Franco, lilto Mrs. Chick, IH mnlcing nn ofl'ort. There is no reason why France ought not to incrcaso her stock of nurses, even if she have not the population equal to othor lands. Caen 1ms just hold its annual show, or reunion of wot nurses, whoro tliose who woro most rcmnrked for their zeal re ceived a prizo and a diploma. Normandy, oddly enough, is tho region of Fiance where the inhabitants are most wealthy, ami who designedly have finest children. Tho Society of Nurses, is not as might be expected, a competition betwoon such as are employed by privato families. They aro married women, tlio wives of peasants and artisans, to whom tlio nui'sing of an infant is en trusted, generally an abandoned child. But a very largo number of Parisian mothers also give their infants out to bo nursed ; thby cannot do such themselves, because engaged in businoss, and perhaps not hav ing " all the comforts of a homo," or they are deep in the giddy whirl of fashionable lifo. There woro departments in Franco, where children put out to nurse, died at tho rate of ninety per cent! In Calvados, tho Prol'ect took tho matter in hand, and announced at Caon, that sinco tho institution of awarding prizes to good nurses, tho mortality has fallen from twelve, to six per cent. M. Quontin, the ox-director of the Public charities of Paris, and humorously styled tho "fathor of '15,000 children," tho number of " Paris Foundlings " sont to bo nursed and reared till tho ago of thirteen testified to tho oxcollonoo of tho results of awarding those local Montyon prizes to tho mothers in question. Sardon's now play of Thmhm does not please ovorybody, and oven the most gush ing critics liavo a thread of vinegar running their onconiums. It is gorgeous in tho scenic and mounting sonso ; just as " Dick Whittington and his cat." Only Emporor Augustus Harris gives tho usual substantial bill of ling]isli faro-no stint of anything, whilo Sardon displays a vigorous historical taste, as to costumos and such accessories. But that is a talent not to bo despised, and T'icmliira, without tho barbaric pearls and gold would bo shorn of throo- fourths of tho elements of its succoss. Tho play itself, tho intolloctual part, in a word, tho plot, is based on tho volcanic lifo of Byzaritium, before Mahomet cleared out Constantinople. Tho incidents havo boon pierced in a very striking sotting, and all picked out, not to illustrato tho doclino and fall of tho Komau Empire, but all tho sliados of Madamo Bornhardt's talent, and tho author's original ways and moans of creating apparently in soluble porploxities, and then elucidating thom iii tho most unexpected manner. Of courso tho action is rapid ; sonsation follows on sonsation; capital scone upon capital scono, all harmoniously blondod by tlio very highest liistronic taloiit. As the piece was written for the grand Sarah, of courso no ono pays much attention to tho subordinate rf>los. It will make tho fortune of the theatro Porto-St. Martin, for it lias this raro peculiarity, to divide tho ploasuro into two parts : tho material and tho intolloctual. You go to study tho 'first, tho material, and then must return to tho foast of reason, and flow of soul, wliorin tho authors and tlio actrico's talents are host appreciated. A now institution is springing up, Unit of keeping the memory of dopnrtod public characters groon in tlio nation's soul. Gambotta has furnished tho text to sovornl locturors. On tho occasion of tho second anniversary of his death, to onforco tho sagacity of his political programme,. On thoothor hand tho radicals point out, where tho political faith of Gambotta orrod-do gonoratod into heresy. M. Ohonouil is tho colcbratod chomist, whoso discovoiios about colors arc tho toxt book of practical art. Ho is 100 years old, locturos as usual to his classes, and is ono of tho gayost young follows in Paris. ACROI'(1III(4: to tho Nmr York Tribune, n now method of nvurtini,' hiliour dlHloultios is lining put; ill practice nuni' i'lttsburj_', IJ ,8. It is tho profit nlinritiK ny*tein, liy wliicli llio workmen reculvo nt tlio cud of <lie yunr, in tho rutin of . their it nlinvii of tlio iirofilH. They iiro employed tlie Kiiine no oilier workmen ill tliu rntu of wngon. ( 'npllnl in nllowwl tlio rnto it will bHiitf in tlio ninrkut, with mure where there in risk. Tliu prinolnlu of sclf-ln terext Is nroiisud, .Somo linn* in tho United .Stutcs, onu employing I "i,7in IIIUNK lmvu Hiioceasfully oper ated for yunrst on this purticlpiitinii plnn, Tlio giftofthreoliundrod thousand dollars by Miss Caldwell,of Virginia,a young lady who upon tho attainment of hor mnjority has just como into a largo patrimony,has boon sub mitted to tho l'opo. Tho ' intention of tho donor is to socuro tlio establishment in Now York of an ecclosiasticalunivorsity 011 a sim ilar basis to that of tho College of tho Prop aganda Fido. Tho Popo has mado known Ins intention of conferring upon Miss Cald woll a signal mark of his appreciation of this munificent gift. Tho Victorian Premier has boon informed by Mr Murray Smith that should it be desired to invito thdilritish Association to visit Mel bourne in 1887, it will bo nocossary to do so at tlio session which is fixed to bo held at Aberdeen next year,as tho fixtures aro always inndo two years ahead. Tho matter is now engaging tlio attention of Mr Korvicowho will probably forward an invitation early next year. 