CUT BY THE COUNTY. By M. E. Bbaddon (Author of 4 Lady Audley's Secret,' ' Phantom Fortune,' etc.) Chapter IV. — 4 Lifb stifling Feab, Soul- stiflikg Shame.' Grace spent the day in apprehension, ex peoting some sign from her betrothed — a letter delivered secretly, a messenger asking to see her, some token that he waB near at hand, and had ocme to that neighbourhood on ner account. as ine uay wore on without bringing any suoh token, her fears aBd perplexities increased rather than diminished. She thought that be was lying somewhere— under a hedge or to leeward of a haystack, perhaps, too ill, too weak to crawl to a better shelter, helpless, penniless, friendless, sick, and dying ; while ebe who had sworn to love and cherish him was lolling in a luxurious easy obair, beside the bright hearth in her dainty little den, surrounded by hot-house dowers, and new books, and an Erard piano, and all the best aBd prettiest things that money can buy. J3er generous, tender heart, the heart which grieved even for slaughtered foxes, was sorely I Ktoctured by the picture of his destitution, by >the hitter contrast between her fate and his. Jit was not because she loved him that she was as sad for his sake. She no loDger Uoved biro. That foolish, romantic fancy of hers, born of the idleness of a school-girl's life in a strange land, that childish dream bad died long ago. For nearly a year past -that secret engagement had been a terror and harden for her. She bad longed ardently for ; some way of escape. She prayed that her godfather might suooeed in nndoing the knot she had tied for herself. Yet she oonld not put away the vision of that pale face, those Jhaggard eyes and hollow oheeks — a face whieh to her troubled imagination seemed like the image of death itself. All through the long afternoon she sat in her own room expectant, anxious — muoh too anxious to employ herself in any way — — » M A AMA AJkwaifl/w vlCiUOUU Bl CVtJCjr lUUIiDICp lu |uo liuinuuaj 1 lest it should annoonoe a messenger from Gamillac. Five, six, seven o'clock struck I from the little timepiece, and still there was I no news. She had not gone down to after | noon tea, shrinking from the sight of her 1 father and Lady Darnel ; but she knew that I she mast go down to dinner, or else excite I everybody's wonder. She was not the kind of girl to take to her bed after an early ron with the hounds. So she dreBsed and went down to the drawingroom, and went in to dinner with the rest of the family, and sat in torture all dinner-t me, expecting every time a footman approached her that he was coming to deliver some mysterious message. But the j dinner came to an end, and no suoh message j reached her. Sir Allan began to yawn directly they got back to the drawingroom. He had been up to London and back the day before ; he had been in the saddle at half past foar that morning. The Oolonel and Grace yawned in concert. It was a chorus of stifled yawns. 4 If you hunting people are so sleepy yon had really better go to bed,' exclaimed Dora, irritably. She was one of those objectionable persons The proprietors of the "Weekly Times" hare purchased the right of publishing this nove in Victoria, who are never sleepy. She was in the habit of playing classical music to the family of an evening, and liked her people to listen and admire. I Dora is right,' said Sir Allan. 4 1 am only a nuisance here, so I'll say good night.' j The Colonel and Grace followed suit. Lady Darnel said she had some letters to write, and j would go to her own room to write tbein. I She knew that even when he was sleeping her hnsband liked her to be Bear him, and I her pretty morning room adjoined his bed room. I You won't mind my deserting yon, will j you, Dora T'she asked, sweetly, knowing that | Miss Darnel detested early hours. | Dora replied in her blandest tones. She I could amuse herself for an hoar or two with I Beethoven, if the noise of the piano would I not distnb them upstairs. I 4 We shall not hear it, bat it would be very nice if we did,' eaid Lady Darnel, j They all went away, and Dora bad the I spacious drawingroom all to herself. It j was brightened by a glowing fire of coal and j logs and by the light of lamps under j coloured shades, and it was beautified by I masses of hot-bouse blom in great majolica J jars of blue, and yellow, and dull Indian red. j It was in ail reepeots as delightful a room as J the heart of woman could desire, and yet its I spaciousness gave an idea of desolation and I abandonment when only one person was left I in occupation. j Doia began a rondo of Beethoven's, but she I played listlessly, without fire, without expres- I sion, and before she had played three pages I her fingers were lying idle on the keys as the I player sank into a deep reverie. I She was roused from her thoughtful ab- | straction by a sound on the terrace outside — I a seund that seemed like the tread of feet I upon the gravel. She rn to one of the | windows and lifted the edge of the blind, and 1 looked ont into the darkness, with her face i close against the glass. The night was pitchy dark. She could see nothing. Then she opened the casement, and listened intently for some mlnntes, bat there was no recurrence of the sonnd which had startled her. Still she was not satisfied. She rang for a servant, and told him to go ont upon the terrace and see if there was anyone larking aboat. 1 certainly heard footsteps,' she said, 4 about ten minutes ago.' The footman had a faintly inoredulons air, though he was too well-bred to express his nnbelief. He went into the hall, slowly and laborioaaly withdrew the bolts of the great door, strolled ont npon the terrace, and walked about three yards in each aireotion. The night was so dark that a regiment might have been in ambush at either end of the terrace, and the footman would have been none the wiser. He came back tc the drawingroom and assured Mies Darnel that there was not a mortal on the terrace or in the Italian garden ; and then he went back to the servants' hall and enlarged upon Mies Darnel's fidgebty, prying ways and love of late hoars while he finished his sapper. '-I snppoee she 11 keep me hanging about till half after eleven before I can take these lamps away,' he grambled. » . It was neatly eleven, and Sir Allan had not j yet gone to bed. He had taken off his coat and pat on a loose velvet jacket, and was smokiDg a cigarette in his wife's morning room. He always enjoyed being alone wita her, always had something particular to say to her, some scheme or arrangement to disease He never knew weariness in her society ; and even to-night, tired as he was, he was loth to go to bed without the onetomazy talk. Since yesterday his mind had been fall of I the Italian trip. 4 And yon are glad to go away with ma ?' he said. I Very, very glad. More glad than I can 1 8&y-;' j In that case yon ought not to have I waited for the doctor's orders. Directly > on I felt a yearning for change of scene you ought I An ksofl inltl ma f.n (aba «nn o m.ti 1 VU UiSfW «UW WW SHBW VU H f WJ 1 1 eoald not be so selfish, Allan, knowing how fond yon are of Darnel.' ' I am fond of no plaoe in which yon are not happy.' I have been very happy here — with yon.' Yes, yon have been — at first perhaps. Yon | were happy here, and so was I — completely happy in the beginning of a new life. Bat you have not keen happy lately, Glare. There has been something weighing on your mind, and I have a shrewd suspicion that it is the polar atmosphere of Darnel that has been freezing my darling's t nder heart.' ' Ob, Allan, how can yon think me so weak? What other eooiety ean I want when I have yon V But Sir Allan had made np his mind npon the subject. I ' Women are sensitive npon small matters,' | he Bald. Never mind, my dear. We shall I be far away from the people who have I slighted yon next week, beride the bine ) waters of the Mediterranean. The money is I ready there in that oabinet — four hundred in j circular notes, and we ean have plenty more when that is spent. Our Italian tour will be like a second honeymoon ; and it shall be a long honeymoon.' I He opened the cabinet while he was talk- 1 ing, and palled out a drawer inside. It was an old Italian cabinet in ebony and ivory, fall of curioas little drawers and recesses. From one of the drawers Sir Allan took out the bundle of bank netes, and looked at them and fingered them like a child with a new toy, longing to be off and away, scattering those notes at hotels and in the smart little sbopB of gay Continental watering places. Be meant this jonrney with his second wife to be one of delight for them both— for her the delight «?f strange places and lovely eceoery ; for him the rapture of seeing her happiness. He had written to an old Clubhouse chum to secure a good courier. Lady Darnel would take her maid, and he his faithful old valet. Grace was young enough to shift for herself! He put the notes back into the open drawer, and took the revolvers from one of the recesses. They were paoked in a neat little Russia leather case. He opened it and took out the pistols, and descanted upon their beauty. 4 They are the prettiest things I have seen for an age,' he said. 1 1 hope yoa may have no occasion to nee them, Allan,' answered his wife, averting her eyes with a look of fear. ' You don't like to eee them in my hand V 4 I have a horror of all firearms, ' My dearest, I forgot,' he oried, putting the revolver which he had been examining back into its case. He felt angry with himself for talking of the wretched thing, remembering that dark chapter in Glare's life in which a gun had done suoh dreadful work. Hie cigarette was finished by this time. He bent down to kiss his wife as she sat at the writing table. 4 You will not stay up too late, dear?' he said. No, I have only a couple of letters to write — one to the dear old viear to tell him of our change of plan. He was to have come ffl S TAC O IDaalr Kafave " — " — — -vua.wvwMMW) wwai JVM know ?' Of course. He matt come to as nsxt May instead.' He went to the bedroom which opened ont of this sanctum of Lady Darnel's, and left his wife bending over her desk, in the light of the reading lamp. There was a large fire in the old-fashioned basket grate, suoh a fire as a well-trained servant always makes on a mild evening, as if it were required to roast an ox ; or, at least, a baron of beef. On ooming into the room just now, Lady Darnel's first impulse had been to open one of the windows. They were French casement windows, opening on to a b oad wooden balcony, which was always well furnished with flowers summer and winter. At this 6A8on there were boxes of mignonette among the autumn flowers, and the perfume floated into the room on the oool night air. Sir Allan left the pistol case open npon the centre table, among a litter of magazines and newspapers. He had been too well waited on all his life ever to have acquired the habit of putting things away. He left everything to be oared tor by that inferior raoe whose duty it is to follow in the footsteps of a grand seigneur, and to protect his nronertv from the consequences of his own oareless- nesa. When her hnsband was gone, Glare Darnel looked np at the clook on the mantel piece. It was five m nates past eleven. She . could hear doors being shnt upon the ground floor ; ail the sounds of a household retiring for the night. 4 1 can take an hour before midnight,' she said to herself, as she began her letter to the friend of her childhood, that one trnsted friend from whom she had no secrets. She had not been writing ten minutes when the window which she had left ajar was slowly poshed open, and a man stepped noiselessly into the room. She heard no footfall on the velvet pile, but went on writing, calm, beautiful in the lamplight, an image of domestic peace, the firelight shining on the dark folds of her satin gown. For some moments she wrote on, while the man stood watching her, holding his breath. Then ehe heard his breathing, short and quiok, u&e; t» uog d. oue looeea np m snaaen rear, and saw a tail, wasted figure in a worn-out velveteen ooat, a haggard face looking do wn at her. It was her husband's face as she had seen it many a time after dissipated habits had rained his health. It was her son's face, aged by seven years' apprenticeship since she had laBt looked npon those features. It was the face of the man whom Golonel Stnkely and Grace had seen on the oommon. ' Valentine !' she ejaculated in a half whisper, wringing her hands. 'How can you come here — like a thief in the night ?' ' How else oan I come ? It is the only fashion in which I am allowed to enter my mother's honse.' ' It is not my house. It is Sir Allan's hoaBe ; and you have no right to enter it withont his permission. Oh, my God, what has come to yon ? How have yon fallen into this despicable Btate — after the same of money I have sent yon ?' Tens and twenties drippled ont at odd times and seasons,' answered her son sulkily. c Money given in that fashion never does a man muoh good, I wanted to start in a new line. I had all manner of golden opportunities, if yon wonld have helped me, as I wanted yon to help me, at the right moment. Bnt it was always the same story. Yon feared to trust me with a large sum of money. You, Lady Darnel, mistress of this house, talked of five hundred pounds as if it were half a million. Yon knew my disposition too well. The usual preachment. You would send me twenty pounds a month, and I must contrive to live respectably upon it. Do yon think in this go-ahead age a man can get a fair start in life npon a capital of five pounds ?' I have sent yon fifties and hundreds for your debts.' Yes, when I was on the brink of dangers that would have brought disgrace up an you and your swell husband.' ennc» how have you come to such a pass . asked his mother, waving aside bis reproaches, which were not new to her. jlou look like a beggez.' 1 look like what I am,' he answered sullenly, 4 1 have had a run of bad luck- cards, horses, everything has gone wrong with me. Other men -cads with half my brains can win fortunes. I, with three times their education, enly risk my wretched pittanee to lose it. Do you think a man of my temper conld be content to live npon five pounds a week, while there was a gaming table or a racecourse in the world on which he conld try to quadruple it ?' 4 A gambler, Valentine I Another of your father's vices.' 4 What else do I inherit from him ? Not money, or position. And your deuced clever ness deprived me of even his name. I am always being a?ked to what Stuarts I belong What account can I give of myself, do yon think ? I wonld rather have been free to answer, " I am Valentine Maokeuzie, the eon of the man who drank himself mad, and shot the sentry at Mallow.'- ' You are cruel to the Let degree —cruel to reduce yourself to this degraded position — cruel to creep into this uuuee — cruei to me now as yen were cruel when you were a boy — as your father was before yen,' said Clsre Darnel, beside herself with the agony of her fears. 4 You have no right in this house, where there are only good people, people who fear God and respect themselves. Yon do neither. I say you have no right here, 4 And I tell yon that wherever my mother is I have a right to be. I suppose you have kept my existence a secret. Your swell hns band does not' «-ven know there is snoh a person; but by heaven he shall know.' He spoke in a hoarse, muffled voice, which grew louder with his indignation against fate and his mother. At any moment that sound of voices might awaken Sir Allan in the next r om. Glare harried to the door of com munication. It was shut. She drew across a velvet curtain which draped the door, and which would help to keep cat the sound of those agitated voices. He knows that I had a son,' she said, 4 but when I ma ried him I believed that you were dead, that yon bad been lost in the ErI King. Although all the happiness of my life depended npon that marriage I would not have married him if I had known that you vara livinor Wn t j l: . — p -'"j "J ucarcu, x lOVOU UIOI bOU well to bring such a curse upon him as a step son with your viaes.' 4 Well, he has me and my vices ; and he and you had better make the best of me. What are you going to do for me, mother V The tender name was uttered with a cynical laugh. What can I do ? If I give you money you will throw it away on a racecourse or at a gambling table ; whatever I do for yon i all comes to the same thing. You will drink, squander, and degrade yourself to the condi tion in whioh you come to me tonight, the condition of a beggar.' Beoanse yon never give me enough money Give me a round sum — three er fonr hundred pounds for instance— that wonld start me in a new country,' 4 How often have you talked of starting afresh, promised to begin a new life ?' ques tioned his mother bitterly. I gave you a hundred ponnds to furnish an apartment in Paris. Yon were to stndy art, yon were to live as ouier students live there— cheaply, un pretentiously, till yon conld earn yonr own maintenance. For _a few months things seemed to be going well with yon. I hoped you were living oomfortably on the twenty pounds a month whioh I eent yon. Then came a long story of difficulties, debts of honour, a mysterious entanglement whioh might lead to exposure in the newspapers, and I had to send another hundred pounds. Yon have drained me of the income my generous hns band settled on me, and whioh I told htm was three times too mueh for my wants. I have been sneered at, talked about, for spending so little money, for dressing less handsomely than other women in my position dress.' 4 You look an object of compassion at this moment,' said her eon, surveying her with a diabolical sneer. Her plainly-made blaok satin dinner-gown, becoming in its severe simplicity, seemed to him the height of laxnry. It was not for him to know the gown had been worn two winters. Men of his stamp always think- a woman is well enough dressed so long as her gown - together. The wives of Booh men are sup posed to have no right of oomplaint while their olothes are wind and weather proof. Lady Darnel took hey portemonnaie from her pocket, ( Here are six sovereigns and some silver, Valentine,' she said, offering bim the con tents ; 4 ail I have in the world, or am likely to have, until Christmas ' He took the money carelessly, indif ferently. It will be very little good,' he said, 4 beyond getting me a week's lodging, a slop snit in whioh I shall look a little worse than in these rags. I tell yon what I want — the only thing that ean do me any good Is a round sum of money. I know of a splendid opening. A friend of mine owes a vineyard near Cadiz. It o ly wants working to pro duce as fine a sherry as the best that is made in the district. And be would take me into partnership if I conld give him three or four hundred on the nail, and conld pledge myself to prodace as muoh more a year hence. That would mean, not a beggarly pittSBce, bnt a trade, a fortune. Yon would not be ashamed to own a wholesale dealer in Spanish wines for yonr son. The trade ie repufablp, even if the wines are doctored. Gome, mother, don't tell me you san't find this money. You have but to ask Sir Allan. ' 1 1 will not ask him. No, Valentine ; even if I believed in the possibility of your re demption, I would not ask that generous man to give me more money, when of his own accord he has given me three times too much for all my reasonable requirements. But I have no hops of your reform. I know that if I gave yon three hundred pounds to-night it would go just as the other money ha=? gone. The utmost I will do for you — the nttermost Lhafc duty constrains me to do — ib to provide you with the mesne of living decently from week to week. That I will do, and no more. And even to do that I shall have to borrow money. Yonr demands have completely exhausted my resources.' 4 Very good. Then I must have recourse to someone else. There is a ladv in this house npon whom my claim is second only to my claim upon yon.' A lady in this house ?' repeated Glare, aghast with wonder. 4 Gfrace Darnel is my affianced wife. I believe a man has some hind of claim npon a woman who has promised to marry him.' 4 My step-daughter, Grace, affianced to yon — to yon, Valentine Mackenzie ! You mast be mad to say snch a th ng.' 4 The statement may sound preposterous, but it is trae. Miss Darnel took it into her head to work at the Louvre just at the time I was working there. Yon think, very likely that I never did so work, that my art educa tion was altogether a sham. Bnt there yon belie me. I worked honestly enongh till I get sick of an impossible profession. No matter. I was attracted by the young lady's appearance, was able to pay her ecme small attention, and saw that she was pleased with me. I contrived to question her duenna 1 heard that she was Miss Darnel, of Darnel Park, an heiress. The embroglio became interesting, and I determined to try my chances with MiEs Darnel, whom I really ad mired more than any girl I had seen far an age. C II? L-i 1 t /l . >yuat »n naaour ior vxraca j 4 I contrived to get npon confidential terms with her, and soon found the key to het heart. She is a generous, high-spirited girt, full of romance. Just the soil of girl to think the world well lost for love. We were desperately in love with each other. A sharp attack of — of — an old oomplaint of ming brought me to death's doer.' 4 Was it your father's malady, the dire disease that oomes from intemperance, Valentine?' asked his mother, looking at him intently, seeing only too plainly in hia haggard face the same indications which she had seen so often in the face of h»r dead hnsband. 4 No matter what it was, I wrote to Miss Darnel from my sick bee. She answered aa a true-hearted girl might be expected to answer. She promis d to be my wife. I have that promise nnder her own hand. Sha will be of age in a year. And as soon aa she is of age and her own -mistress I Bhall claim t- e fulfilment of that promisa.' Does she know who yon are ?' ' Well, not exactly. When yon are hi Roma do as the Romans do, says the pro verb. When I was in Paris I was a French man. One alias is as good aB another. In Paris I was not Valentine Stuart, bnt Victor deCamillac.' And you come to thi honse — an adven turer, an impostor, a swindler — to claim the promise made by a credulous girl, your dupe and victim. Yon, my son, would do this thing ? This is the deepest disgraoe you have threatened me with yet !' 4 It is for yon to work ont this problem so as to avoid disgraoe. Give me three or font hundred ponnds and I will start for Gadiz to-morrow, to return a year hence ae i respectable m roh&nt;, and to claim my betrothed. She will pardon my ehange of name and nationality, if I oan stand before ner as a gentleman, and your son. She is so fond of yon that the relationship will be an additional claim to her regard.' 4 Do not think that I will ever sanction any engagement between yon and Grace Not if yon cold straggle oat of the abyss into whioh yonr degrading habits have ennk yon ; cot even if yon could come here in outward seeming a gentleman. Never wonld I e auction the onion of that good and troe-hearted girl with yonr father's eon The cop of despaff which I drained to the dregs shall never be offered to her while I have power to prevent that infamy. Sir Allan knows what yon were as a boy. If the worst come to the worst, he shall know what you are as a man.' ( Wouldn't it be wiser for yonr own rake if i yon were to temporise— -let me go to Spain, I work out my own redemption, and return worthy of Grace — and of yon. I will do it, mother, if yon will trust me.' He laid his band upon his mother's I shoulder, he looked at her pleadingly as she j stood with clasped bands, an image of I despair. It was the firBt time that he had 1 touched her since they entered— he, the son I whom she had not seen for seven years. 1 'I cannot trust you,' Bhe answered, not in tin kindness, hut in desDair. £ have been I too often decived. I know your nature too well. I will do what I can for you, but it must be in my own way. Oh, Valentine, why do you follow in the fatal road that your ather trod to his doom ? The habits of the drunkard and the gambler ruined him, and they will ruin yon if you do not reform. Thick of his dreadful end — a murderer, a unatio. Be warned in time. No, my poor sou, it is not yet too late. I will help me, I will visit you, befriend you in every way, if you will only show a real purpose of amend ment. And cow, for pity's sake, leave this house, before Sir Allan overhears anything. Are you lodging in the village?' 4 1 have been lodging under hedges and haystacks since yesterday evening. When I anded at Newhaven yesterday morning I had juBt enough to pay for a third-Mass ticket to London and another third-class ticket to Soadleish. I have been roaming about ever since with empty pockets and an empty stomach, watching for a chance of an i Interview with you or Grace.' 4 Thank God, you did not see Grace in this dreadful plight. Poor creature— poor un happy boy I' said Lady Darnel, glanciog at the clock. Ten minutes to twelve ; they will hardly have gone to bed at the Coach and Horses, for they seldom close until after eleven. You had better go there and get a room for the night. There is a sheltered lane at the back of the inn garden— a narrow lane with tall hedges. I will meet you there at seven to-morrow momiog, and we can talk ; quietly ; we can make some plan for your j future. And now, go. There is not a moment to be lost if you want to get shelter to-night.' 4 £ don't want to sleep under a hedge,' he said, sullenly, moving slowly towards the window, reluctant, undecided. I At this moment the door leading into the I corridor was opened a little way, and a sweet girlish voice said, 4 Mother, are you still up ?' ( Lady Darnel ruehe i to the door, and met I Graoe before she could enter the room. I 4 Yes, dear child,' ene said, going out into the corridor, and shutting the door behind 1 V»of ' Oh. GrAaa. whv nra von Tint in heii V i vj -i «r — : — It is close upon midnight, and you were up at four.' ' I couldn't sleep a wink if I went to bed. Mayn't I oome into your room for a few minutes' chat ? I Not to-night. It's too late,' j ' How pale ou are, mother I Are you ill? ( No, no, not ill, only a little tired. I have sat up too long. Now, Grace, I shall take you back to your room, and you must go to bed instantly.' The girl was in her dressing gown, ber splendid brown hair hanging loose upon her I shoulders. Lady Darnel put her arm round J VIA ani4 1AJ3 VkCv clnnn flio An»ti/9A« Aar« I M wuu wu fcUB wwaamwa, ViiaUC 0 and the visitors' rooms were afc the end of the house, just beyond those inhabited by Sir Allan and Lady Darnel. These three had exclusive occupation of this southern wing, i The central portion of the first floor was j taken up by a picture gallery and a billiard room. Miss Darnel's rooms were in the northern wing. What has made you so wakefal, Gracie ?' asked Clare, when she had taken the girl back to her room. 3 Graoe hesitated for a few moments, looking I at the ground, and playing nervously with me xaue luuiug ui net uressing gown. She was longing to tell all her troubles to her stepmother, yet dared not. Fear of her father's anger kept her dumb. 4 Oh, I d n't know,' she said. Perhaps it was the exciting idea of oar Italian tour. At any rate, I couldn't sleep, and I thought if you were up I should like to have a talk. But you are too tired, and you ought t) goto j bed. You are as white as a ghost.' ' Y<aa T am vnrv i.lrjad f-Vnn.-J rrVif Jaa«. -vwf — ,VV uottf child.' « Good night, mother,' and with an aff«o- c tionate kiss they parted. Lady Darnel did not go back to ber room immediately. She wanted time— first to be sure that Grace did not follow ber; secondly, to recover her coolnoas of brain, to consider quietly and calmly if possible, what was to be done with this foolish eon of hers. He j would have gone when Bhe went back to her room, perhaps ; or if he had not gone she would be better able to reason with him I aft-r a few minut s' quiet. I wDtj wttiAcu up nHu uown toe corridor uro or three times, thinking deeply, Irying to hit upon some line of conduct which might save . Graoe and reolaim the hrodigaJ. Grace must on no account know tint her lover was in the neighbourhood. (This are so foo'ish. His wretched condition would appeal to her pity. There is no knowing into what foolishness eke might be entrapped. The stable olook and the ohuroh clock struck twelve— the last with silvery solemn tone heard from afar across the elms and oaks, the dells and slopes where t e cattle wbre lying at rest. Ldy Da nel took one torn more. 4 Hark ! What can that be?' No doubt as to what it was. The report of a pistol. What it meant was another thing. For a moment or so Clare Dai-iiaI motionless with terror. Then there came the thud of a heavy fall. 4 It is in my room,' oried Clare, beside herself with apprehension, remembering the revolvers in their case on the table, the open c se with dark red velvet lining glowing in the lamplight. She had looked at it absently while Valentine was talking to her— looked at it with mind so abstracted as never to consider bow fatal a thing a revolver may be 4 He has killed himself V she oried dis tractedly. She rushed to her room, tearing at the 'floor with convulsive hands which made the fhere turning of the handle seem a work of \- time and difficulty. She expected to see her reprobate son stretched upon the floor and weltering in his blood. She knew not that a worse evil had befallen her. | I She went into the room. The casement j was wide open, and the night wind was blowing in, scattering the papers on her writing-table.. The doorway leading into the bedroom was open, the velvet portikre ! pulled aside, and Allan Darnel was lying ' asrosa the threshold, bleeding, dead, as his wife thought in the supreme agony of that moment. ' While she stood looking at him, with j clasped hands, his daughter rushed into the room, and saw what had happened. I (to be continued.) j 