GENEMLNEW& The French : are resuming offensive operations in Madagascar. : \ A bill to amend the Real Property Act is in course of preparation. ; A German general has beengarrested as a spy at Belfort and conducted to the frontier: The second section of the Illawarra railway will be completed about the end of the year. The Minister of Public Instruction has decided to establish a public school at Annandale. The picnic to Mr. Dion Boucicault will take place at Chowder Bay on Tuesday, 29th inst. A skirmish has taken place near, Suakini be tween the rebels and the Government troops. Matters between Germany and Spain are in statu quo until the negotiations are completed. The number of scalps of noxious animals paid for at Braidwood last month. were 781 wallabies and 6 dingoes. The water supply, of Brisbane is becoming rapidly exhausted, the reservoir being nearly 12ft. below the by wash. The sum of .£4100 has been paid for naval and military defences since the passing of the Sotidan .Expedition Indemnity Bill. , Me. F. D. i Hamilton, well known as the sport ing writer 'Tout Oela,' died at Woollahra on Friday, 11th inst. The foundation stone of the new post and tele graph ^buildings being erected at Dubbo was laid on Monday. A sculling race between Backhouse and Nelson in outriggers,. for .£200 a side, is to be pulled over the champion course to-day, Friday. The prosecution of Mr. Joseph Symes was begun in Melbourne on Monday, and adjourned for a fortnight. , . - . A little fellow named James Sims, between two and three years old, was drowned on Satur day in Johnston's Bay, near Hosking-street, Bal main. The survey ofnthe Great Western Zigzag, to see if it is expedient to construct a tunnel from Dargin's Creek to Bottom Point, will l)e carried out shortly. ?...:?? It is understood that Mr.. J. H. 'Want intends visiting Gundagai early , next month for the purpose of consulting with his friends in re ference to electioneering matters. . . . The chief officials at the Melbourne General Post-office are doubtful of the possibility of con veying ? the mails from England to Australia via America in 30 days. In Melbourne, on Saturday, 12thinst., a young, man named Stephen Gregory was accidentally shot in the chest by a companion, who was showing a revolver he had received as a present. Captain Munroe, of the steamer Wentworth, has been dismissed the A. S.N. Company's service owing to the collision with the ketch Lizzie Frost. . ' : ? . The deposits in the whole of the banks in Aus tralasia at the end of June last amounted to the. enormous sum of £S3,243,995. The advances reached £101,564,323. The protectionists, local optionists and others held a meeting at the Masonic Hall recently to try and start a newspaper, but they failed to agree, and nothing was done. . ??''.'! ?.? The man Vost, who attempted suicide on the 4th instant in the Newcastle recreation reserve by shooting himself in the right side, died' in the Newcastle hospital on Saturday, 12th inst. Messrs. Heaton Brothers' produce stores at Orange were burnt to the. ground on Thursday night, 10th inst. A fire brigade was' in attendance, but could render very little service, owing to a want of water- '_ '- '.',:?,?,'.''? A bdast which had missed fire in' a .quarry at Newport (Victoria), unexpectedly ?exploded on Saturday last, arid very severely \ in j ur ed ? a young man named Casserley, who was working near it. Casserley is in a very precarious condition. As it is probable Professor Smith .will before long resign his position at the University, the Senate has decided that the nature of the duties to be performed by his successor shall be re ported on by the Board of Studies. The name of Capta'n ) Mulholland, one of the contingent, was brought before the Assembly on Friday night, 11th inst., by Mr. Suttor, who declared that he had been guilty of cowardice during an attack of the Arabs. The weather is intensely sultry throughout South Australia, and farmers, especially in the northern districts, are much depressed at the dis couraging prospects owing to the water in those districts becoming scarce . Miss Mary M'lviney, 17 years of age, daughter of Mr. Thomas M'lviney, a farmer in the Lithgow district, died suddenly last week from, it is sup posed, poisoning, caused by eating flowers she plucked on her way from school. Mr. Justice Molesworth has decided that the Retreat for Inebriates at Northcote, near Mel bourne, is a public charity, and not the private property of Dr. M'Carthy, to whom it was ille gally conveyed. .. Dr. Mackellar and Dr. MacLaurin have, by re quest of the Government, given their opinion on the practice of administering chloroform. They agree that it should always be administered in the presence of more than one medical man. A New Caledonian expiree named Emil Chenelle, said to be the owner of one of the worst dens in Little Essex-street, was at the Central Police Court on Monday sentenced to three months' hard labour for vagrancy. ..;??? Otto Asho, the mate of the pirate schooner Pouro, has arrived in Sydney with a view of lay ing before the Portuguese Consul the facts con nected with the extraordinary proceedings of Sorensen, the master of the vessel. . ° . The inquest on the body of Catherine Regan, at ?;, Forbes, who was murdered on 'Wednesday morning, 9th inst., resulted on Monday in a ver dict of wilful murder against some person or per-, sons unknown. The police have got no clue to 'the murderer yet. , ; In the early part of last week, William Turner, eldest son of Samuel Turner, of Nangus Creek, Gundagai, whilst following his occupation at Coolaman, rose from his dinner and was proceed- ing in the direction of his team, when he suddenly dropped dead. Mr. Wright told a deputation representing the New South Wales Farmers' Association that it was not the duty of the Government to erect a city ; . market for- farmers' prpduco j but for all that he would do his best to meet their, wishes.; in that tespect. '**.,'' ** '? Another wild flower show is announced, this time at Kogarah. ' ? iT'hasbeen proposed in England to change the name of British New Guinea to Torresia. \ Mr. Robert Hudson stated on Saturday last that the firm of Hudson Brothers pay £3000 a week in wages. ' The question of the extirpation of phylloxera from the vineyards of Camden is now engaging the attention of the Government. , The road between Pitt and George streets, near the Post-office, is not to be opened until the. tower is finished. ? Gaudaur, the St. Louis (U.S.) sculler, did three miles at the Pennsylvania regatta in 19min. 32sec, said to be the fastest time on record. The customary rush for domestic servants took place at the Immigration Depot on Wednesday. For 96 girls there were 244 applicants. So far as commercial interests are concerned, England is disposed to support the German claims to the Caroline Islands. It is stated that Sir Samuel Wilson, the 'Victorian millionaire, is absolutely certain to obtain a peerage, which is the object of his ambition. An attempt to rob the Jewish Synagogue in Melbourne was made early on Sunday morning, a dealer named Richards being caught in the act. Sir Alexander Stuart was on Tuesday so indis posed that he was unable to be present in the Assembly or open the bazaar at Summer-hill. He was able to attend at' his duties on Wednesday. The sum of £2140 was paid by the Government to Mr. Mitchell, M.P., as compensation for the loss of the Prospector, sunk in Newcastle Harbour. The action for £2000 damages, for injuries sustained in a collision, brought by John Henson against the owners of the Balmain steamer Nellie, resulted in a compromise, plaintiff getting £100. Mr. Farnell stated on Tuesday night that 934,533a. had been taken up for conditional lease under the new Act, and 781,559a. conditional pur chases had been sold. John Nesbitt, a telegraph-operator, died at the Sydney Hospital on Saturday last, under peculiar circumstances. He was bandied between the hospital and the police-cells until his death. MR.Fremlin told Mr. Wisdom in the House that although nature had given him a magnificent physique, ' you could put his heart in a nutshell and his soul in his watchpocket.' An accident occurred on the Gundagai railway works on Tuesday by which one man, named. James Burns, lost his life, and another had one leg so srnashod that it had to be amputated. I Mr. Garrett convulsed the House last Tuesday night by the remark that while Parkes kept in power some years ago by raising the Kiaina ghost, this Government waskeepirig in power by raising Parkes's ghost. ? Lieutenant-Colonel Goodlet has been elected president of the Free-trade Association; Messrs. George Pile, H. Hudson, B. R. Wise, and F. J. Thomas, vice-presidents ; and Mr. George Pile, treasurer. ? Lord Carrington's departure for New South Wales, which it was concluded' from the 'fare- well' dinners just given to him would be imme diate, will (the Home News reports) not take place till about the third week of October. The fund for the benefit of the widow and family of the late Constable Hird, of Canterbury, amounts to .£700. It was stated at a meeting of subscribers, that the widow would receive ,£75 a year for life from the Government. ; Dion Boucicault, the famous author-actor, is drawing great houses at Sydney. His brother, the editor and proprietor of the Gympie Miner, has reached Sydney on a visit to him. More ithan thirty years has separated them. ; A Weslezan local preacher of Ballarat had been cast for a part in the play of ' The Merchant of Venice.' He received an intimation, however, from the axithorities of his church that if he ap peared he would have to resign his position as a preacher. A conference between masters and miners on the desirability of establishing the eight hours system in the Newcastle district was held on Saturday, 12th inst. The only difference of opinion was as to when the new system should be in troduced. : Mr. M'Elhone stated in the Assembly on Wed nesday night that Dr. Creed had the honour of being an M.P. for one Parliament, and the only thing he did was to propose that the Government should have a weekly cable from England -report-- ing the price of butter. A reward of .£350, given by Mr. Moses Cohen, the Bombala Farmers' Flour Mill Company, the Victoria^Insurance Company, and the Govern ment, is offerecVf or information as to the person or persons who set fire to the company's mill on the 16th of last month. An account of the Chinese gambling dens was brought under the notice of the Colonial Treasurer in the Assembly, and he at once promised to call the special attention of the Inspector-General of Police to it, with a view to the suppression of the dens. The man Rocke, who was found at Goulburn with a large number of spurious .£10 notes in his possession, pleaded guilty to three charges of uttering these notes, and Judge M'Farland in flicted a sentence o£ 14 years' penal servitude in. each case., The prisoner had been twice convicted of forgery, and the sentences were made concur rent. ?'??.'? Mr. Garrett was very happy on Tuesday night in his retorts to Mr. Luscombe's protectionist in terruptions. In a few telling sentences lie showed how Mr. Luscombe and his friends wanted to cheapen the loaf by putting a tax on wheat and flour, and to make tho poor man's lot easier by taxing his boots and clothes and the very imple ments with which he earned his livelihood. In the action Doyle v. the Minister for Works the plaintiff sought to recover the stun of £3500 compensation for resumption by tho Government in August, 1882, of 10 acres of land at Cook's River for 'purposes of sewage and water supply. The valuation of the Government was .£500. The evi dence given on behalf of the plaintiff went to prove that the land at the time of the resumption was worth from «£100 to £150 per acre, while on the other hand a large number of witnesses for the Crown gave the ovitside value as .£50 per acre . The . jury took several hours. to consider the matter, and then found that the plaintiff was entitled to £812 10s., or £81 5s. per acre. Mr. Murray Smith, the Victorian Agent General, returns to Australia some time; next ?month. ..? ?' ??'???'.-. ?'?';.- i- '?? -? ??'??? ?'? '-'??-???? ?'??'??'???-. ; Mr. Wright states that about 18 months ' will be required' to complete the Prospect water scheme. The Government are unable to state definitely when the Orange to Molong railway will be opened for public traffic. Mr. M'Elhone on Wednesday announced that he does not intend to offer himself for re-election at the next general election. $ The last torpedo has been removed from the south channel in Hobson's Bay, which is now free for vessels to navigate without restriction. A special squadron is being fitted out by Ger many for the Atlantic. The discharge of the German naval reserves has been postponed. The trades league which is to be held in Sydney next month will be attended by two ladies, as delegates from the Tailoresses' Union. The Police Superannuation Fund at the end of last year amounted to £37,176. The Auditor General says the combined superannuation and reward fund is barely solvent. The Anglo-Australians in London, more especi ally Sir Samuel Wilson, Mr. Henniker Heaton, and Mr. Howard Spensley, are known there as ' the bounding kangaroos.' The Government have decided to release Graham Bennett, who six years ago was sen tenced to imprisonment for life for the Wanta badgery outrage. . Mr. John Davies and Dr. Tarrant have both an nounced themselves as candidates for the Kiarna electorate at the next general election. Mr. Ljsaught, Mr. Campbell, and Mr. Wiley, local men, are mentioned for Wollongong. During the passage of the Garonne fronr Sydney to Melbourne a steward named Ri]ey, who joined the vessel at Sydney, committed suicide by jump ing overboard. The reason of the rash act is said to be family troubles. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr. West at Cowra on Saturday, respecting the death of Patrick Moroney, and the finding of the jury was that the deceased died from the effect of injuries accidentally received while working at a grubbing machine. The ship Salamanca, which1- arrived in Port Jackson on Wednesday, from Glasgow, fell in with a violent storm during the p issage and sus tained a deal of damage. The crew were obliged to seek shelter in the inizzen rigging in the gale, and two men were lashed, to the wheel. Some important resolutions about the rabbit pest have been adopted by the Board of Sheep Directors for the Sydney district. ? A conference of delegates from all the sheep boards of tbe colony is to be held in Sydney on October 1, to consider the best means of dealing with the pest. ; . , The recent, row of the Oxford eight across the English Channel has called to remembrance the feat performed in 1848 by George Mulhall, a well known Port Jackson waterman, who rowed in a skiff from Moruya to Sydney, a distance of 180 miles. The Murray, we learn from Albury, is now in high flood, with every prospect. of an overflow, inundating low-lying lands. : The punt at Wagga is now unworkable, owing to :the flooded state of the river, and the river is therefore uncrossable above Albury. After a struggle and much discussion, the Telegraphic Conference at Berlin has decided upon a very material reduction in the cost of press and public telegrams, to Austi'alia. .; The cable gram rates to Adelaide will be reduced to 8s 8d per word for Government and ordinary, private messages. . ; The Magdala Gold-mining Company at Stawell, Victoria, famous for having sunk the , deepest shaft in Victoria, and one of the deepest in the; world, is to be wound up. Upwards of; £100,000 has been spent in prospecting this mine without any important result. The shaft has been sunk to a depth of over 2500ft. Ninety-six single girls who arrived by the Belgic were for hire on Wednesday. Cooks, housemaids, and above all 'general servants,' were in great request, prices ruling at from 10s up to 16s per week, the latter figure being, however, somewhat exceptional, whilst 'mother's helps' closed a trifle harder at 6s a week. The investigation of the charge against William Charles Cook, formerly a pawnbroker at Port Melbourne, accused of stealing jewellery valued £2700, the property of Robert Carter, jeweller, Melbourne, in May, 1883, was concluded at the Melbourne City Court on Wednesday. The prisoner was committed for trial. A discovery was made on Saturday last of an attempt made on the previous evening, to - upset the train conveying his Excellency and a Parlia mentary party who were returning to Adelaide from the opening of the Moonta Institute. At the first level crossing a stringy-bark rail had been placed across the . line, but with no serious results. According to Mr. Ninian Melville, if a gentle man serves his country gratuitously as a member of Parliament, it is only fair that he should be allowed to use his position as a means of making his living ; and it was on this ground that he ac cepted £25 from a Mr. Ross to act as his agent in transacting some business in , the Railway De partment. At a conference last Saturday of masters and miners at the Great Northern Hotel, Newcastle, to discuss the eight hours' question, all the col lieries were fully represented. The proprietors offered to agree to eight and a half hours per day from January 2, 18S6, but the men want to begin on October of this year. The proprietors also* offered to renew the agreement of 1873, which ex pired in 1882. The meeting lasted three hours. The most valuable .wedding present which Princess Beatrice received on the occasion of her marriage was a magnificent tea and coffee service of solid gold, each piece being richly chased, which was sent by the Empress Eugenie. It is exceedingly probable that the Princess will at some future time benefit very considerably by the will of the Empress, with whom she is a great favourite. , '..??.? A fishing-boat called Blue Jacket left Cairns, Queensland, for 'Green Island on Wednesday, 9th inst., having on board Edward Rowan, of Parrainatta, and two Tanna boys. One boy came back from Double Island on Saturday and reported that the boat capsized on the side of the island in a squall, and Rowan and. another boy are sup posed to have been drowned. The, pilot went out in search, but no report has been received. Two chemists were, at the Redf era Police Court fined for selling poisons without being registered^, and one for not having the usual certificate. !- :i ; An '; address from the Australian Natives' Asso - iciation is to be presented to Mr. Dalley on Tues-? ;day. ? ; :???? ??'? ??? -:?.-?—? .-? ?;. ? ?? The question of legalising mineral conditional purchases made on gold fields is engaging the at tention of the Government. ' . It was decided at a meeting during the week to form an Australian Natives' Association in Sydney. It is to be affiliated to the Victorian Association, but under a'distinct constitution. The total amount paid by the Government in' the action Young v. Commissioner for Railways was £8583, which has been charged to railway working expenses. . Out of seventy-five allotments offered at the Government sale in Bourke on Monday only three were sold at the upset price. There was a meagre attendance, and no bidding took place. MR.|Service|suggests that the £15,000 promised i l by the colonies towards the expenses in connection with the New Guinea protectorate should be limited to a period of five years. r The Gundagai Times is assured by a gentle- ' man residing in the Tumut district that there is ! no doubt Mr. James Hoskins, Sydney, will con test the Tumut, district at the forthcoming' election. . , The Gundagai Times relates that last Saturday ? a selector, who had. been' down to Sydney to try to. . get a reversal of the local Land Board's decision,., forfeiting 50 acres of land, returned here, arid was1 asked how he got on. . He replied, very dolefully, ' Mr. Land Agent tole me he could do nothing for me unless I paid £50, as there was likely to be a row over these reversals, and concluded by saying; -. ' You have got to thank that local papers of yours for this.'' ' ?-?;?. ' ?..?'????? ' \ Misgah station, in Queensland, containing: 1,524 square miles, the rent and license fees of which were under £350, has been sold in Mel- . bourne for £10. Dundo Hills, Wargar, Bengal, and Gorman's Hills West, the excellent proper- ; ties in the Lachlan district, with homesteads, im- ' provements, and 13,570 sheep, only obtained a bid of £20,000— about half the estimated value—which was not accepted. - .-.,.,-... ??..?:, A country member who has not yet broken , silence in the House, was recently before his con stituents, and was laboriously endeavouring to ' say something to them. . His embarrassment was ' so extreme, however, that one of the audience cried out', 'Never mind a speech, old man, say a . prayer/' The hori. gentleman appeared extremely relieved at. this suggestion, and prayed-^-that all hands present should go and have a drink. The ? prayer was answered right off. .' , ? Mr. Devlin, the well-known stock, and station . agent- Sydney, in replying to the toast of ' The , Judges' at the recent show. at Young, said :-—:[ ' The teeth of sheep could not be .relied upon foi% age, and it had become necessary to do away with'' gauging age by that standard. In the Deniliquin,. programme prizes were, given for 1-J-, 2-J-, and 3^'. years old sheep instead of for 2, 4, and.6-tooth. ' Many sheep which deserved prizes lost them, by. ' adopting such a rule. He would suggest that in' future the age should be specified, and teeth left out* altogether.' An important arrest was made last Saturday afternoon by Sergeant Emerton iri Auburn-street, Goulburn. He arrested a man named Roach (supposed to be an alias) for drunkenness; On searching him at the lockup, ^ 49 forged :£10-notes ?' on the Australian Joint Stock Bank, with £25 in ; cash, were found on the prisoner. The forged notes are photographic representations, and re- - quire considerable scrutiny to detect the imita tion. -Two forged notes of the same kind have ? already been passed on tradespeople in Goul-;; burn. ?????'?'..'? -; ': : ?:'?'? ; ''-':--'' ' ??' '?' ' ' ?; -';' :' ? ;;. The Government Oriental jnterpretership has '; been vacant since Dr. Beg's death, and Mr. Cohen, we presume, finds some' difficulty in providing a suitable and competent successor. A gentleman was selected who held a strong recommendation 'r from Mr. A. Mackenzie Cameron, the- original'. holder of the post ; but that gentleman would. not take it up, owing to other and more remunerative ' engagements, and has left Australia. Meanwhile, Mr. Cameron himself has returned from India, and, finding the post vacant, has reapplied for it. ' Mr. Cameron has a most extensive knowledge of the languages of the East, , and of its peoples— -, from Java and Borneo to Tartary, and even Egypt. r Both the present and former Chief Justices, Sir . James Martin and Sir Alfred Stephen, .a number of members of Parliament, including Mr. Copeland, Sir. Alexander Stuart, the Hon. Mr.- Wright, and; Mr.' Slattery, have interested themselves, in his , behalf, and a number of clergy have also joined in r expressly recommending his reappointment. Mr. M. M'Donald, of Victoria.— The Tas manian News of a late date says : — ' A well- known ? Irishman, in the person of Mr. M. Mf Donald, of ?. Victoria, was a passenger by the s.s. Manapouri,, -?' from Melbourne, which arrived in port yesterday, ;? and by which vessel he proceeded to. New Zea land. He goes with a view of establishing a ; branch of his extensive cordial and liquor manu- i factory in New Zealand. Mr. MfDonald will . afterwards visit New South Wales, and will re turn to Melbourne in about a month. He is a pronounced Irish Nationalist, and owing to the I hospitable manner in which he entertained the : delegates at tho convention in Melbourne in ? November, 18S3, much disappointment was ex pressed at _ his visit not being known to his countrymen here. Mr. M'Donald was, however, ? entertained during his short sojourn in Hobart .by Mr. James Gray, M.H.A.; by whom ho was shown over the Houses of Parliament and public buildings. Mr. Gray being a countryman of Mr. M'Donald's, on behalf of the Irishmen of Tas mania wished him hon voyage and success in Maoriland.' Mr. M'Donald, referred to above, ? arrived here on Tuesday last after a very pleasant ? and successful trip through New Zealand, where he was received with great cordiality. He has ; arranged for opening a branch of his business in New Zealand and has established several agencies there. He is at present engaged establishing agencies in Sydney and has met with great sue- '? cess. Analyses prove his bitters to be a pure and excellent tonic/and he has great confidence that ' Mf Donald's Bitters' vail be largely uaed - all over the colonies. His f.viends— and that means,- or ought to mean, every Irishman, for his liberality and assistance to the Irish cause is unbounded— should aid him in his wish by giving, it' a trial or asking for it. 