The Pniupicr Company. BKOUGHT TO JUSTICE. '■ 'A"very full bouse witnessed this poiformnn'co on Monday night. The plot of the pie.cc is somewhat isensatiorialjtiu'd the fact'that the Salvatiori. Array nre ^introduced to notice, lent it an attractive i'novelty;'j-: The'hero of the play, John Holm wood, ono of the yeomanry of England, was personated by Mr. Dampier, and the only .regret .of the audience "was'that they did not see more of the brave man who was so.forgiving and tender. The others de serving of note nre Miss Lily Dampier, who, as Nellie Forest, gave touching expression to the -feelings of an injured wife ; Mr. Harry Lcston, whose antics ns Bob Brimstone (a universal genius) provoked the wildest mirth ; and Mr. Stoncham, who made a first-class villain. The .acting of Mr. Holloway in the character of Luke Snawley (a Salvationist) deserves special mention, perhaps the most amusing part of it being his address to the audience nt the fall of the curtain, \- -HAMLBT. - . . — The versatility and power of Mr. Dampier wore well illustrated in this great tragedy of ■ Shakes ■ pearo's,Vwhich was presented-.on Tuesday night, i MrJ- Dam'pior, of course, was Hani let, and never for ■an instant did the interest of an overflowing house .slacken, in bis splendid impersonation. Mr. ilarry Slonchatn looked and acted the king every inch, while the part of the false- hearted Queen Gertrude was well filled by Mrs. Holloway. Two parts— that of Liertes and the Ghost—fell to Mr. Hollo way,'' and in both he cvinccd n good conception of his work ; though it was hard to fancy a ghost With ni strong- bass voice, and boots of substantial pattern. However, owing to the clever manipulation of the lights, there was a good deal of reality—if such a term is allowable—in the ghost scenes. ■ The disgust and indignation which the conduct of the wretched Queen provokes was supplanted by a wish that the ghost would take her bodily: into the nctlier regions, and so cud the horrible story. The ghost did not do it, though—at which. wo were sorry. This circumstance is, however, compensated for later on, when she drinks of the poisoned cup, intended for Hamlet. In short, Mrs. Holloway filled a trying part very creditably. The other ladies had not a great deal to do, if wc accept Miss Hussell, who appeared as Ophelia ; and who would have been much appreciated if the audience could have heard what she was ikying. The hall, however, maybe ns much to blame for this—that is, if a hall can be responsible for anything—as was Miss Hussell, of whom we hope to see more anon. Mr. Marsh, as Polonius, was also rather indistinct; and he must accept this as the reason why some of his satirical sayings did not come back to him on rounds of laughter. Mr. Harry Lcston, whose good-humored and homely face is as welcome as the proverbial " (lowers of May,1' ngain ministered to our amusement as "first gravedigger," and though he had a small part, he shone with nono the less brilliancy. Of the other ehnructcrs it is hard to say nnything—except that the impersonations attained to mediocrity. Mr. Dampicr's interpreta tion of some o£ the passages, and the inflection with which he pronounced certain words, mnsthnve shocked some of our amateur tragedians ; bnt it is to be hoped that they are not beyond learning something from the advice Shakespeare gives the player, nnd which Mr. Dampier brought out with sucii emphasis. Mr. Dampicr's Company, takeu all round, is a right talented one, nnd it may bo a long time before we look upon their like again. The popular agent, Mr. Gunthcr, worked hard to make the Goulburu visit a succcss, and that his labours have been to some purpose the crowded houses nightly testify. ukglaxd AND ItUSfjlA, With which the company concluded their season in Goulburn, was produced last night to a fair audience. The play is by the Vagabond, nnd abounds in sensationnl scones. Some interesting pictures of ltussiun life arc presented. Mr. Dampier in his usual inimitable way pcrsouated Captain Arthur Hamorton, an Knglish officer; and the other characters of the piece were well represented by the different ladies aud gentlemen of the company;'' 