? -~ ? A-.saaJfii'-OF Balaam. JProm &e; Znterary World.] Dr. ' Samuel Cox has written a very careful find fflpgularly -iotfa- estnflgrjanonogcaph.:pn Sal&ain.; It is'a well-nigh perfect model of a Siblical exposition 'and study. :To such per sons asare not specially given to a, psonstaking *tudy 'of the Scriptures,' Balaam might not perhaps €eem -to be -a fascinating iiieme; but . Wre will vonch forattiiat any intelligent reader «t UieiSiDlfi -mil be -ieligated-with Dr. Cox'« toook. We may sexpress the hope lihat -this prince ofexpo^wrs-maybe'enabled'toieaider euch good service as this ±o real' Biblical study \- .' : formally years to.come. ' Balaam^ias been, a jBubject' of much- enquiry' knd^irivestigaiion:' ; on &e; part of such ^eminent divines as \--^—Cardiiial Newman, ^Bishop Butler, the 'Eev. 5'. : 33\. Maifiace, the 3Kejr£5V.W.: Eobertson, and: Dean.Staiiley..;;Dj:.^Cbi says that whatever : ^ lie has Sound ibbe most helpful:and suggestive in their ti«atment -of the ''enigmatical figure ?of the Chaldean .prophet' — he has f'woven, «vith -due acknowJedgmeut,' into .His own - Srork. By so doing, he has produced' -a'book' which 'v^-be foimd'aseful^to those wh^ Wish to acquaint themselves' with the best that lias Iseen thought and^araitten on a confessedly difficult;' jproblenx;'' - Dr. Cox's great .success . \- In this :' particular exposition is in great'' aneasure owing to file methods: of enquiry ?which lie has adopted. These, he be lieves, lead to 'a *ruer solution of the pro idem, -and a. -more adequate conception of - this great but most unhappy prophet. He: ob serves that, so far as lie knows, trp :t6 this time no English scholar has collected **to-_ getber all the scriptures that relate to TVJftjyn : ?—scriptures much anore numerous than - is .. commonly eupposed-^snd stutlied them in' the light of the new modtern learning.' It is snanifest that only, by a careful statement of' the facte of '''the case -an the coatacter_of yal«a.Tt» be rightly considered, and fairly adja- - dicated. The second method of enquiry which cur author hasdeliberatelyappliedto thehistory 5md character of this 'unhappy prophet' is the comparative method. . .-He, therefore, places jjjm 'alongside of other faulty, or even _ guilty prophets, men such as Jacob, Saul, {Solomon, Jonah, Gaipahas, &c;, who, though they, too, were it times moved by the Holy Ghost, nevertheless fell under the dominion of divers lusts, as degrading, if not as fatal, as those by which he was carried away captive.' In respect to the facts of the case, Dr. Cox f-egins with a reference to what he calls 'The Chronicle of Balaam' in tiie Book of Numbers. He suggests the following ingenious specu lation- as to the way in which this chronicle finds a 'dace :- in the ? Pentateuch. ,*'We are told (Numbers xxxL 8) that, together with five Midianite chiefs, Balaam frag taken prisoner by the Israelites, and put to 'a judicial destii' after the battle had been fought and won; and judicial death, implies some sort of trial, And what more natural than that' Balaam should plead in his defence the inspirations he .had received from Jehovah, and the Jong series of blessings he had pro nounced on Israel -^when all his interests, and perhaps all his inclinations, prompted him to curse them? Such defences in the East were commonly autobiographical. Even St. Paul, when- called upon to plead before kings and governors, invariably told the .story of his life as his best vindication. And if Balaam, called upon to plead before Moses and the elders, told the story we now read in his chronicle^ — what a scene there was there ! What a revelation his words would convey to the leaders of Israel of the kindness of God their {Saviour, of the scale on which His pro vidence works, and of the mystery in which it is wrapped to mortal eyes ! So, then, God had been working for them in the mountain of Moab, and in the heart of this great diviner from the East, and they knew it not ! Knew it not ? nay, perhaps were full of fear and dis trust, doubting whether even He Himself were able to deliver them from the perils by which they ?were encompassed ! As Balaam un folded his tale, how their hearts must have burned within them — burned with shame as well as with thankfulness — when they heard of interposition after interposition on their behalf of which up till now they had been ignorant, and for which at the same time, per chance, they had not ventured to hope. Balaam may well have thought that such a story as this would plead for him more effectually thau any other defence he could make. And, no doubt, it did plead for him ; for we all know that it is when our hearts have been touched by some unexpected mercy that they are most easily moved to pity and forgiveness ; it might even have won him absolution but for that damning sin, of which nothing is said here — the infamous counsel he gave to the daughters of Midian, which had deprived ?Israel of four-aud-twenty thousand of its most serviceable and precious lives. Even 'with that crime full in their memories it must have cost Moses and the elders much, one thinks, to condemn to death the man who had told them such a story as this. On no ?other hypothesis can we so reasonably ex plain, I .think, how Israel became possessed of the story recorded in the chronicle of ?BalaamV' It is ouraxithor's belief that we get from this chronicle the most favorable representation of Balaam. 'The information derived from other portions of the Old Testament, and from some jrief passages in the New, presents him to us in a darker li^ht. We are cautioned against allowing our TnmHs to read the jmpressions derived from these latter sources into the story of the chronicle. ' It is not by making him all bad, or all good, that we snail solve our problem, though this is how too many have tried to reach a solution. It is the mixture of good and bad in the man which constitutes the problem, 'which makes him so interesting to us, and so perplexing.' Many orthodox interpreters fall into the unwarrantable «rror of supposing that he was an unmitigated villain. . On the ' other hand, , Rationa- ? 'lists «ut the knot instead of untying it, -when they take out of the narrative everything which clashes with a conception of Balaam as a prophet of the purest and noblest type. The prophet is introduced to us as tfaeieaa of the ^'Prophetic College of Pethor, on the Euphrates, where men from many lands gathered to study under him the arts of divination and enchantment.' It is admitted by Dr. Cox that he was a soothsayer ; but he scouts -the idea of bis having been a vulgar impostor, and claims that the Bible lends no countenance to this theory. God has used very imperfect instruments for the .expression of His mind and will in all ages. Sustaining, while he exhibits, the view given of Balaam in Mr. Maurice's 'Patriarchs of Israel '—he remarks that ' It is not by denial that Balaam was a true and even a great prophetj.nor.by denying that he meant and tried to use his high prophetic gifts for noble ;ends,;that we reach the true lesson of bis life.' \- The difficult incident of the speaking of the ass. is grappled witirinra very wise and sensible manner. Dr. Cox does not attach nearly so much importance to this subject as many have done. We quote some of his words: — ''For myself, indeed, I care very little what interpretation may be placed on this singular passage in Balaam's story, and would as soon believe that the mouth of the dumb ass was really opened to utter articulate .human words as that Balaam's sensitive and practised ear heard these words into .his groans and cries.. I would say, with F. D. Maurice, ' How the - dumb ass rebuked the madness of the prophet I know not, nor care to know. But I believe that whatever sounds it uttered they did con v vey exactly that meaning to the mind of the . prophet which it is said that they conveyed. He.f elt that the instinct of a brute was made the instrument of teaching him, that what he would not learn by gracious inward discipline ?was brought home to him by rough, humiliat ing outward discipline. - I feel too deeply the essential veracity of the story to be troubled with minute questions about its details.' And hence I do not need to say, with Ewald, ' A beast is often more sagacious and foreboding than an obdurate man' ; or, -with Keil, ' That animals have a perception of the abnormal and even of the supernatural, is the popular belief of all ages.' I could be content with ?Uobertson to pass it by with the curt paren- \ thesis, ' The inteiiyention of the ass, whether literal or figurative ;' or even to -pass it by, as Bishop Butler'alid, without a angle word. For, after all, wjiat does it matter what we do with it, how we read it? Get rid of the speaking ass if you will ; you do not thereby get rid of the speaking angel. And if, as I suppose, the angel stood as high above the prophet as the ass stood below him on the scale Lof being, the. question how the angel could so speak as that Balaam should under stand him, as to the full as difficult and per- ' plefing^as '?Hie question which has been so long discussed — how the ass could so speak as to be understood by the prophet. Nay, if we are^to talk of the difficulties of this ancient chronicle, who will explain how, in. what form and method, God Himself came to Balaam at night, and said, ' Who are these men that are; with thee?' or how the Spirit of God came upon him on the mountain, and opened bis eyes to see the distant future, and -taught his jfcongne to utter oracles, the full meaning of which he hiinself could -not ^jrasp. The story is full of miracles— miracles so strange, com plex, _ awful, \that . this ..poor wonder of 'the speaking ass sinks into utter insignificance, and; one can only marvel how men should have been so profoundly impressed by this and yet jso little moved by those. Nay, more, if we do jbut'Saunk of rit, what-^as i'^Carlyle ias ask^d — is thetfact that- manjumself , can^peak,^ ands speak with most miraculous organs,? but. a mh^le?— thffi'lmraclienbfT3peech, too, running up iSlto the still greater miracles of thought and^ lifej aU °f them wonders which no advance of scit^Mg is «at all likely to explain, least of all that seitaP0^- which sees thegjrpmiae ? and} the potency 'of au 'things in an infinite cataract of infinitesimal atoul?- and whose votaries -? 'Hedge their minds by present things, . ' The small parochial world ? Of sight aud touch,' £. A^we have, seen, Dr. Cox does not rank *' the miracle of the- speaidng^ass ' as among *- thegTeatest,-but rather as-one [--£-the Iea6t,»6f T- thefnany marvels of this ancient chronicle. He piscusses the great mystery of fie&ssity; and i freewill. ' affainst which man JinVin cliniiHAd.' their brains forthe last four thousand years,' what he considers the circumstance 'that God permitted His servant to go on an errand on which He bad forbidden him to go, and was then displeased with him for availing himself of that permission.' This circum stanceAas -often staggered lie-readers of 'the - ' narrative ; but, as our author observes, such a, difficulty is not peculiar to the Bible, ''but meets us at every step we take, ^sand pervades the! whole structure of human .life.' -No-, thoughtful person can nesist the the conclusion i to -npiich a question of Dr. Cox's conducts us—.* jthatL if the Bible is Jbo reflect Human life fairly, and to explain its true significance to up, it 'must TOcbrd' this' perplexaig idement . m our esiirtenee,' and: %ell-us whafrit means. We; think 4hat^*e -result of Jfchis carefulx and; thoughtful etudy of Balaam is^-as' J)r. }Cox ^ ?expresses 'it— **-to ? bring oiit his features more clearly, to cast higher lights andideeperrshadows up»nthem,:aiui:to define .andfenlargl our conceptions of . them-— botii, of - the tgood*5and the evil ;qualities of itnie man. * The: problem of bis-character, how a good man _ -^nt)e^fe6'5S^-«mdaOTestfc'Bianc6uld^)esobaser —h^s not yet been solved ; we are as far ^er- . ihaps from its sofutSad as 'ever ; but something T — mnch— has been gained. if onlyiwe-have the ; terms of that problem mere distinctty- andCully £ ?before our _mirids.' In .the third _part of /.the ?work Dr. Cox applies lie comparative method I (to which we have referred) to the 'history and : character of Balaam. This portion of his work is interesting, but is not, perhaps, as cogent as some portions of it undoubtedly are. The lessons which are suggested as arising- out of this fetudy are important for us all to consider, andifor preachers to enforce and illustrate. In every respect tjie book is worthy of its author's high capacity for a philosophical treatment of «uch subjects, and of hia re ? putation for exegetical learning and skill. It will lake its place among the best monographs arising out -of Biblical study. 