THE AFGHAN QUESTION. ANY attempt to forecast the results of the Afghan difficulty seems to bo a hopeless task. We all know that the utterances of members of Parliament, whilst sitting in opposition are not to bo taken as a guide to their course of conduct, when thov ascend to the first seats on the Treasury side. Beth Lord Salisbury and Lord Churchill have spoken in terms of severe condemnation of the policy of the Gladstone Government in tlieir negotiations with Russia. They are now brought face to face with the perplexities of their predecessors, and may possibly find them selves in an awkward fix in endeavoring to extricate themselves from them. It may be reasonably inferred from their utterances on the question, that tho Russian demands will not be conceded by them. They have stated that in their opinion tho Russian advance has been too tamely submitted to, and that British interests in India have been endangered to a perilous degree. Here we have to look through a darkened glass. The cablegrams of to-day arc contra dicted or mystified by the cablegrams of j to-morrow. It is not safe to form any conclusive inference from the telegrams received from day to day. It is only a short timo sinco the report was flashed abroad that the Ameer Abdurrahman had been assassinated. Now, we are told, that he is not only alive, but taking active steps to mass troops oil tho banks of the Oxus River. If we can trust to this report, the action of the Ameer means opposition to the Russian advance towards his territory. It means, says a late cablegram, tho necessity of an immediate British advance towards Herat. From that, it may bo inferred that the Ameer considers British concessions to be opposed to his interests. How far he may be warranted in this conclusion, or how far Britain may be held to have been too com placent in her negotiations with Russia, re mains to be shown. Only one thing is evident. It is that war with Russia is not inevitable. Immense interest, thereforo, attaches to tho attitude taken by tho now Government, and the new Government, it appears, is in no hurry to show its hand. Wo aro left, therefore, in a state of doubt, which, as far as wo are ourselves concerned in the colonies, should conduce to an un remitting attention to our defences. CABLEGBAMS.-Serious rioting is ropnrtcd from Madrid, where the tradesmen resented a procla mation declaring the presence of cholera. The military only restored order after firing on the rioters, and wounding many. The Suez Canal is again open for traffic. THE PRINCE OF WALES HEROES.-Last night Hia Excellency the Governor Sir Henry Loch, presented the awards of theRoyalHumane Society to a number of persons in the colonies who have distinguished themselves by conspicuous acts of bravery. Amongst tho recipients wero the Bendigo miners who distinguished themselves in fio Prince of Wales mine by working in dangerous ground to recover the bodies of two entombed mineis. Those men have been designated "Tho Prince of Wales Heroes," and great interest was felt in last night's proceedings by the miners of tho district. We are disappointed at not receiving an account of the presentation, as we had requested our correspon dent to supply us with a report of tho proceedings. In tho list of awards as furnished us, only nino names of tho Prince of Wales men appear, whereas 16 wero recommended. WELCOMING THE CONTINGENT.-Tho New South Wales contingent will bo welcomed in Sydney to day-that is, if the rain does not interfere with the arrangements. According to a Herald telegram tho storm on Sunday night was very severe. At tho quarantine station a number of tho contingent in tents were flooded out, soaking all tho bedding. Dry bedding has been sent them. THE CITIZENS' BALL.-An adjourned meeting of gentlemon desirous of having a ball for the be nefit of tlio Bendigo Hospital, was held at the Shamrock Hotel last evening. Thero wero pre sent Mr. P. Hayes, in the chair, and Messrs. Hemphill (Union Bank), Fairclough (Bank of Victoria), W. J. Boobier, J. H. Abbott, K. Van I Damme, Taylor (Bank of Australasia), J. R. i Goodisson, J. M'llroy, J. Hemming. A. Bailes, W Webb, G. F. Hunter, J. M'Kenzie, Hughes, Dr. Quick, M.P., and Mr. C. H. Clark hon. sec retary. The names of Messrs. Hughes, Fnir clough, Boobier, Bruhn and M'llroy were added to the general committee. On tho motion of Mr. Homphilll seconded by Mr. Hughes, it was decided that tho ball should take placo on Wednesday evening, the 15th of July. It was decided on the motion of Mr. Abbott, seconded by Dr. Quick, that each member of the eommitteo should sign a guarantee^ for £5, in case the ball should possibly prove a failuro, although it was generally considered that there need not be much fear for the result. On tho motion of Mr. Abbott, seconded by Dr. Quick, Sir. Hayes was appointed chairman; Mr. Fairclough was elected hon. treasurer; and Messrs. Hemphill and Hem '.n--.--.. T!.» V^uick, Ivi.xJ.A,, itjili ivj.cbnCri. V* cub, Svigh«8j Boobiar, Crijjspa aad Dr, Oq tha motion of Mr. Abbott, seconded by Mr. Hughes) it wan decided to stylo the affair "The Citizens' Bull;'1 nlld that the secretary .be in structed to solicit the patrtinage of tho military, members of Parliament, City Council atid mem be-a of the surrounding municipalities. Subse quently the executive committee met and dealt with vnfious dotaila in connection with the ball. PARLIAMENT.-Both'Honsca will 3it to-day. ID the Assembly (Bays tho L/ailii Trl^ffraph), the Government hope to be ablo to finish the debate I on the address, but if there are a great number of ! speakers, this may not be capable of accomplish ment. As aoon as tho debate on tho address closes, the notiifca of motion will be proceeded with and discussed, and the PSssk'iial orders dealt with. Tho Government intend, if poGsit*le.- to give notico of the introduction of tho Licensing Bill; the -Electoral Bill, the Marino Board Bill, and tho resolution ratifying and adopting tho Taumanian on Wednesday. They have not yet decided whether the Licensing Bill will come on first or tho Tasmanian treaty resolution; probably tho latter may take precedence. But tho Licensing Bill will be one of the earliest measures dealt with, and tho Electoral Bill is ready to ba laid on the table of tho House. SKHIOOS ACCIDENT.-An accident happened yestorday to u youth named Brierley. He had taken n load of wood to tho Ironbark Company, and whilst preparing to unload it he got between tho shaftB of the Wagon and a ataok of wood. The horses moved round, and crushed his chest and back. The injuries were very severe. He was romovod to the medical institute, and attended by DP. Radio. Subsequently he wag driven to his hotile at Five-tnlle Creelti THE RKY; J. A. Dawifl AGAIN COMMITTED TO GAOL.-Our MSlbWrnS Correspondent writes: Tho Rev. J. A. Dowifl, Who h an iH Under gone a month's imprisonment, is once mo'rfj tin inmate of tho gaol, but this time he get3 off with soven days' imprisonment, and hopes to be out afirfin it tune to preach on Sunday. On 4th May, tho very day iip'oS tth?cb the rev. gentlemen was sent to prison for non-payment rf « previous fine, he was fined £20 for marching in poc'ess'on,1 con trary to the 47th bye law of the City of Fitzroy. The fine was not paid, and in duo course a warrant i)f distress issued which was returned unsatisfied. Tlietot'pon.filfe defendant was called upon to show cause why he should not.bg committed. He said he had no means of paying, Comttlmned strongly against the injustice of the bys law, ;.!!'* said that a plebiscite of the citizens was to be taken to decide whether it should romain in force or not. Mr. Alley, P.M., the chairman of the beneh, said that the magistrates would not allow themselves to oh Inl'ienp^d by any feelings or anger against the defendant, iftilng tp his un graceous and improper charges against tfie:/?,' /md would pass the lenient sentence of sevon days' im prisonment. The doparture of the prisoner in a waggonette for gaol was witnessed by a crowd of his followers, of whom he took an affectionate farewell. Voi.U.n'TJ'KR MILITIA.-Laat evening Major Prtlliser'a tiompany of infantry assembled and was marched by that ol'ilcet to tlii Upper Reserve and drilled in a vaiioty of company and othet- move ments; also in the bayonet exercise. Lieutenant Kirby was also present. Tho drilling of recruits still goes on steadily, there being 146 at drill last evening Sergeapt.Qoyle had 3G, Sergeant Tracey 26, Quartermaster-Sergeant -Fly 2S, Corporal Ward, 10, and Corporal Davidson 'C', of th"),total number 88 were drilled with the rifle and will very shortly bo ready for inspection before going into the ranks. Surgeon-Major Hinchcliff examinod a good many applicants, and he will be in attend ance at the Foresters' Hall, Kangaroo Flat, on Friday evening to examine the men who lately joined from that locality. Dr. .lames Boyd kindly attended and administered the oath of allegiance to candidate. There will be a parade oi A and B companies on >Vednfc'stlaJ (to-morrow) when holmets will bo worn and tho b'aad will also parade. A GHOST STOHY,-Our Melbourne correspondent writes :-The late Burwood tiger scare having at length died a natural death, the lovers of the sen sational here, are being treated to another dish in the very questionable shape of a ghost story. It is said that a family which went a month or so back to reside in an old stone house situated at the northern end »f King-street, hurriedly changed these quarters again a fow days afterwards, owing to the pranks of a female visitant from the spirit land, whose footslops were heird on the stairs i:i the dead hours of tho night, and of whose form a glimpse was one?, caught by one of tho members of the household. On this ocdasion the members of the family were assembled in the diniugrOom at about 0 p.m., when tho footsteps were heard by all present. Mr. Blank jumped up, rushed out of the room into tho hall, and ao runs the tale, saw the figure of a young lady rapidly .ascouding the stairs. Ho instantly gave chase, but before he had got half way to the top the mysterious visitor had vanished. He re turned to the room he had just left, and related the occurrence, and tho whole family, after having searched all over the house without discovering anything unusual, sat up all night, being too much alarmed to go to bad. The next day they quitted the house, and now declare that nothing would induce them to darken its doors again. To make the story complete, it is Baid that the "ghost" has since been seen sitting at a window of tho house in question. CATHOLIC TEMPERANCE SOCIKTT.-Tho general meeting of the Koman Catholic Temperance Socioty was held last night, tho president, Mr. V. H. Byrne, in the chair. Six new members wore admitted. The ball committee reported that they expected the ball to be held on Wednesday, the 24th, would be a success as a great number of tickets had been sold. The following gentlemen were nominated for tho different offices-Mr. V. H. Byrne, president; Mr. Noonan, vice president; Mr. J. M'Veigh, secretary; and Mr. O'Farrell, treasurer; guardian, Mr. J. M'Mahon; custo dian, Mrs. Flanagan. The meeting then closed in the usual manner. MR. LAXOTRKE'S APPOINTMENT. - The Mel bourne correspondent of the Salla-at Star say*: The mining community generally will be glad to learn that Mr. Langtree, the presont acting-sec setary of Mines, will, by proclamation in next Oazcitc, be confirmed in tno appointment of Sec retary in succession to Colonel Couchman. This step has been too long delayed for I- who have peculiar opportunities of noting the administra tion of tho departments and tho relations of chief officers to their subordinates-can testify that Mr. Langtree's administration of tho Mines and Water Supply departments has been uniformly charac terised by exceptional grasp, power and vigor. Tho otf'cers controlling tho departments of Stato here are, to ray thinking, the very pick of the community, but even amongst them Mr. Langtree stands out for a quite exeptional briskness and smartness, not only in his control of tho profes sional branch as an accomplished surveyor, but as a departmental administrator. Tho colony, as well as Mr. Langtree, must be congratulated on a wise promotion. A QUESTION OP BATING.-WO learn from the Aac that at the meeting of the Loddon United Water Trust on Saturday last, a lotter was read from tho Water Supply department asking what stops tho trust had taken towards levying a rate, and stating that -pending the recoipt of informa tion, no portion of the loan of £3,000 promised in anticipation of the loan of £25,000 would be granted. In tho debate which followed, a general opinion was expressed that tho trust could not etriko a rate sufficient to cover tho interest on the cost of the whole of tho works con structed, including headworks, as tho supply of water was very limited, many persons not being benefited at all by the works. As to hoadworks it was rema-ked that they would prove of more service to the next generation than to the present. It was ultimately decided to invito a conference of delegates from tho various trusts to be held in Melbourne, for the purpose of requesting the Water Commission to include in their report a recommendation that the Government take over all headworks as national works, and that interest bo required only on tho money expended on tho other works. GEOLOGY IN THE FIELD.-The director of tho School of Mines will bo glad to meet the ladies and gentlemon who attend his lectures on geology, at the magazines, Seventh White Hill, on Wednes day next, tho 24th inst , at three o'clock p.m., when the structure of tho rocks in that locality will be explained. TRANSFER PROMOTION.-Tho name of Mr. M. O'Brien, White Hills Stato school, wis acci dentally omitted from tho list of transfer promo tions published by us yesterday. A FEDERAL ENCAMPMENT MOOTED.-A telegram in last night's " Herald" says: -Colonel Turner and tho officers of, the Victorian force on reaching Wngga Wagga last night were heartily welcomed to Now South Wales by Captain Fitzhardinge of the local corps. It is regretted here that the Vic torian Government did not send a guard of honor of say one hundred men as a compliment to the Australian Contingent. Tho idea has been mooted in military circles that a federal encampment should be held at Albury next summer. Several Victorian officers visited tho race-course while at Albury, but unofficially, and thoy found it would servo admirably for a site for an encampment. Thore is water within a mile, and fine country for manoeuvres. If tho Governments consent it is suggested that five or six thousand Victorians and Now South Welshmen might encamp thero for a week. SANDHURST LIEDERTAFEL.-This evening the banquet to celebrate the first anniversary of the Sandhurst Liedertifel, will be held at Burridge's Exchange Hotel. Tho banqnet is announced to take place at eight o'clock, but tho committeo will meet in tho Exchange-room at 7-30 o'clock. A number of musical selections will bo rendered after the banquet. SANDHURST CYCLING CLUB.SPORTS.-This even ing, at the Niagara Hotel, up to eight o'clock, tenders will be received for publican's, lolly, and fruit bootlhs in connection with the Sandhurst Cycling Club sports, which are to be held at the Back Creek Cricket Ground on the 1st of July. CAVALRY.-There will bo no mounted parade of tho A Troop Victorian Cavalry to- morrow. MR, K. H. S. B. WAKLEY, the well-known sharebrokor, intends leaving Sandhurst shortly to take up his abode in Molbourne. Thefurnituro at his resideuco in Forest-street will be sold by auction by Messrs. L. Macpherson and Co. on Friday next. " THE AUSTRALASIAN FARMER."-This is the title of a practical handbook for the farm and station issued from tho " Australasian" office, and published by Messrs. Georgo Robertson and Co. It is compiled by tho agricultural, horticultural and pastoral staff of the " Australasian," and the information it contains is of a varied and useful character to relectors. _ The work treats of soils, composition of plants, irrigation, vines, dairying, fruit culture, bees, horses, cattle and swine, fenc ing and a host of other kindred subjects. Tho low price at which it ia isFued, places it within tho reach of all. MILITARY DRILL.-Yerterday Dr. Philp, State school inspector, held an examination in military drill at the Central State-school. There were five candidates, who woro examined theoretically in squad and company drill. Tlio partnership hitherto subsisting between Messrs. T i'i*i nil Potvr Millar, can-vim.' on business solved. Tiu' iutlur will ,:ui-j-y uu l u-.- 'imMnu.w. 1 Qxealiaw's monthly " Tiurf Keller " is t9 Jjand, 