[eWA of? the Shurehea The Editor will be glad to receive contributions for this Column from ministers and others, but to insure insertion all communications must be condensed and brief. Communications received later than Wednesday cannot appear till the week following. BAPTIST. The Rev. M. Morris, of the Minlaton, Minlacowic, and Curramulka Baptist Churches, having accepted an invitation to the pastorate of the Baptist Church at Kapunda, was accorded a valedictory meeting on February A. Tea was held in the Minlaton Institute, after which an adjournment was made to the church. A number of farewell speeches were made, in which Mr. Morris was highly spoken of as a devoted and able minister, and an address was presented to him, to which Mr. Morris made a suitable reply. Votes of thanks and a supper concluded the meeting. The anniversary services of the Minlacowie Baptist Church were held on Sunday and Tuesday, February 1st and 3rd. On Sunday three impressive sermons were preached by the Rev. M. Morris. The public tea was well attended. At the evening meeting addresses were given by the Rev. J. Gillingham, (Wesleyan), Revs. F. Boyling and M. Morris. Mr. L. Carmichael occupied the chair. The choir sang several anthems. There was a general regret expressed at the departure of the Rev. M. Morris, who was much appreciated as our pastor. The proceeds of services £10. A sale of gifts in connection with the Morphett Vale Baptist Church was held in the chapel buildings on Friday, February 13, 1885. There was a good attendance of visitors, both in the afternoon sad evening, and a large proportion of the articles prepared for sale were disposed of. Selections of music were given, during the evening, by Miss E. C. Daniel, on the church instrument, which were much appreciated by those present. The proceeds of the sale, considering the depressed state of the times, were highly satisfactory. Very successful services in connection with the change of pastorate at the Hill-street Baptist church, Kapunda, were held on Friday 13th inst. They were designed for the purpose of bidding farewell to the Rev. W. O. Asliton, and of welcoming his successor, the Rev. Matthew Morris. Tea and public meetings were held, the attendances at which were large and thoroughly representative and undenominational. At the evening meeting, at which His Worship the Mayor presided, Mr. Ashton was presented with an address from the members of the church and congregation and a purse of forty sovereigns from the townspeople generally. The recipient replied thanking the Kapunda people for the invariable kindness shown him during his nine years' residence amongst them. The various speakers, including representatives of all the Nonconformist churches in the town, regretted Mr. Ashtons's departure, and wished him God-speed in whatever new sphere he might be placed. Mrs. Ashton also was not forgotten, and many instances were cited of her philanthropic labours amongst the poor of the town. She was an active member of the local Benevolent Society, but even outside the circle of the Society's influence many a home has reason to remember with gratitude her kindly sympathy and timely aid. The welcome accorded Mr. Morris was warm and encouraging, and in an eloquent reply Mr. Morris gave promise of a career of usefulness in our midst.—Kapunda herald. BIBLE CHRISTIAN. On Sunday and Monday, February 8 and 9, the anniversary services m connection with the Woolsheds Bible Christian Chapel were held, when the Rev. J. Collings, of Siverton, preached to good congregations. On Monday, instead of the usual tea there was a picnic held in a paddock next the chapel, kindly lent for the occasion. During the day athletic sports of various kinds, cricket, and ladies' games were indulged in, and all seemed to enjoy themselves very much. In the evening the chapel was crammed to hear a lecture from the Rev. J. Colling on "Gladstone," and in a most interesting address the lecturer gave an account of the great statesman's career, interspersing it with anecdotes and humorous sayings. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Collings at the conclusion. A similar compliment was paid to the chairman. Miss A. Oliver (who ably presided at the organ), and the young ladies who supplied the refreshments during the day,—Kapunda Herald. Harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Bible Christian Church, Carrieton, on Sunday and Monday, Feb. 8 and 9. The Rev. James Pearce preached on Sunday morning, and Mrs. Pearce in the evening to good congregations. On Monday a tea was provided which was followed by a public meeting, when several short addresses were given appropriate to the occasion. Suitable music w rendered by the choir. At the close of the meeting, which was presided over by Mr. R. Fullar, several sat down to supper. Some special contributions were made to the church funds. Total proceeds, £22. The annual meeting of the ministers and representativ of the Bible Christian Church in the Kadina District held its sittings in the church at Kadina on Tuesday and Wed nesday, Feb. 3 and 4. There were present the Revs. Thos. Hillman (Chairman), T. McNeil, Secretary, and G. Varley, Journalist. The finances have been fairly sustained, a considerable increase being made to the Missionary Fund, The report of the Chapel Secretary was encouraging. There are in the district twenty-five trust estates, which include twenty-five chapels, four schoolrooms, five vestries, and four ministers' residences. Kadina circuit declared itself self-supporting, and the Conference is recommended to take it off the list of missionary stations. The district sermon was delivered by the Rev. T. Hillman. CONGREGATIONAL. The Rev. Thomas Kyte has accepted a cordial invitation to the pastorate of the Congregational Church, Perth, W.A. On Thursday evening, February 5, a public re- cognition service was held, presided over by the Rev. .7 Johnson, and the meeting was address,.;! by the pastor with the Revs. G. A. Piilm-r (Hongregationalist), 1) Shearer (Presbvteran). W. K.-iM (W.wl.ryan). Tn.: M-:H pastor wis welcomed m 111- tuini*' Randall, Esq., Mayor of Perth. T interesting and impressive one. ,f th h by d • s a very El'IW.'OI'A I.I A N On Wednesday evening, I lib -(.., tin J< Wellington Owen, B.A., form; Il\ ib incumbcncv of Chris!. Church , M. 11. I;'. Marryat. There was a good was manifested in tin' proeei the Rev. ,T, W.Gower |i:rv:n •r! Ill Archdeacon, and the Iii-hop's I ic-i III- I!.' W. J. Bussell. Mr. A. C. I)a delivered the keys of the elm, eh spiritual authority of (he inemnl" wl, [ .["111 Wellington Owen receive (he j- ,F <;-,'! 'I your hands as a pi dge uf my parochial recognition, and pray ( f , ,M,f i shepherd over you. In the name 1 -I of Hi Son. and of the Holy Ghost, Ani'-r a collect, and the Lord's Prayer, I A I a Bible and Book of Common I'ni w i exhorting him to make them the ruli dispensing the Divine Word, in )• ; the people, and in rightly adinini-tei i and adjured him in all things to lie a ] lb comitted to his carc. A sermon folio A: Marryat suitable to the occasion. PRIMITIVE METJI ID) ST. The anniversary services of the North Adelaide Priinion Sunday last, wh'-i live Methodist Church commenced sermons were preached by the Revs . U. Kelley'(Wesleyan) W. R. Hiddlestone (Baptist), and W. Diluent (pa-tor) Well attended tea and public meetings were held on Monday evening. The latter gathering was presided over by Mr. J. B. Hopkins, who congratulated the congregation on possessing so tine a church. Their pastor had proved ail able leader, and under his guidance »l«»-v bad done remarkably well. He was convinced that if they woiked unitedly they would prove successful and would quickly wipe off the church debt. The Rev. W. Dimeut (pastor) said the special object for which the me imp* had been arranged was to raise the balance of the intcre-t due on the money borrowed for the purpose of erecting the church. They had paid £125 off the debt during the past few months, and he hoped they would be able to re ,u<:- £-00 before the end of the year. "The Revs. S. Lentou and E. llorke, B.A., delivered appropriate addiesses, and anthems were lendered by the church choir at intervals. In the early part of the evening a sale of fancy goods was liejd in ;lie schoolroom, and a fair amount was realised. MISCELLANEOUS. S. A. SUNDAY-SCHOOL UNION.— I his committee of delc- •ates and members (thirty-four in all) rn t in the Y.M.C.A. Rooms on the 'Jth inst., when Mr. Frost (vice-president) occupied the chair. Apologies received from the president (Mr. Gilbert, M.P.) and five members. Resolved to issue to all the schools the circular memo, issued by the London Sunday-school Union, inviting contributions towards the Continental Mission of Id per scholar per annum, advising them to made same some Sabbath in June next. The convener of the literature cnnimitt-e l.iid various suggestions on the table as to the holding an exhibition of school aids i': July next. The sum of £5 was thereupon voted for purchasing specimens of periodicals for young people, also manuals for teachers, and other school appliances. It was also decided to adopt the suggestion of holding a course of three lectures m the winter months, the subject to be '-Historical Christianity," taking the t three centuries. Resolved to invite the Church of England Sunday-school Union to co-operate in both schemes. Recommendations from the examination committee concerning the next scholars' competition were, received and adopted. The visiting council reported that arrangements were made for visiting those schools not yet ited. Mr. Stuckey intimated that all arrangements were being carried out respecting the house- to-house canvass of the city respecting the attendance or otherwise of the children on the Sabbath. On Saturday evening, 7tli inst. Mr. J. Jones, J.P., of Gawler, arrived at Clare to hold services in connection with the Salvation Army there. On the arrival of the coach there was a large number of people surrounding the terminus, aud the driver was asked whether the new captain was inside. He refused to tell, and was immediately assailed with rotten eggs, ic. In the meantime Mr. Jones alighted, and was at once met with a shower of the same missels, and also other abominable dirt. He went on his way with friend, and about 30 men followed, and after the more harmless ammunition was expended stones were thrown, one finally striking Mr. Jones on th back of the head. He sank to the ground, rose, but again sank, and had to be helped to his lodgings. The scoundrels who had done the mischief had meanwhile decamp d, probably frightened at the consequence of their acts. Not a policeman was to be seen.—Gawler Standard. Harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin-street, on February 15 and 16. On the first day the Rev. J. Y. Simpson preached in the morning, the Rev. H. J. Pope in the afternoon, and the Rev. E. Gratton in the evening. There was a rich and beautiful display of wheat, fruit, and flowers. Three mottoes, by ladies connected with the church, were worked in wheat, rice, and tapioca, and bore these words :—"Oh, give thanks unto the Lord, for He is good ;" " O Lord how manifold are Thy works." " i he harvest of the earth is ripe." On the 16th a well-attended social tea was held, generously given by an old member of the church. The Rev. E. Gratton and Messrs. Sharley, Noall, Warming, Haslam, Gyles, and Heywood took part in the meeting. The collection amounting to £15. The weekly meeting of the Parkside Literary Association was held on Monday evening. The statement that the evening was to be devoted to " Dry Hash " drew a crowded audience. Mr. Councillor Hubble, one of the vice-presidents, occupied the chair. Mr. A. J. Barnes read an original paper upon "The Physiological Position of Tobacco, Recitations were given by Messrs. S. W. Impett, J. Whiting, and E. Cleveland ; and comic readings by Messrs. E. S Hughes and J. M. Annels. Mr. G. G. Shaw delivered an interesting and amusing address upon " Love," and Mr. W, Hubble upon "Fashion." The most humorous feature of the programme was a mental arithmetic competition aud spelling bee. There were five competitors in the former, the first prize being won by Mr. G. Jenkins, the second by Mr. S. W. Impett, and Messrs. A. J. Barnes and G. Dennis tied for third position. The spelling bee was conducted by Mr. J.M. Annels and seven members competed, the first price being won by Mr. A. J. Barnes with only one miss, Mr. S. W. Impett taking second place. TEMPERANCE. The usual weekly meeting of the South Australian Pioneer Lodge, United Order of British Templars, was held on Friday evening, Feb. 13, in the Rechabite Hall Grote-street, when Bro. J. M. Lapsley, D.W.G.C.T., assisted by Bros. Horn and Nagel, installed the officers for the ensuing term as follows :—W.C.T., Bro. J. F. Grutzmacher ; W.V.T., Bro. W. Carter ; Sec., Bro. J. C. Grutzmacher ; F.Sec., Sis. F. A. Pepperell ; Trea-urer, Sis. LI. A. Grutzmacher ; Chaplain, Sis. C. Argall ; Marshal, Bro. Temby ; I G-, Bro. A. Wise ; O.G., Bro. Jones ; Assistant sec., Bro. G.G.Scott ; D.M., Sis. Davey ; R.H.S., Sis. Chambers: L.H.S., Bro. Paddock. The officers' reports were read, and showed the lodge to be in a flourishing condition, having 150 members good on the books, and a net balance of £17 18s. 3d. in hand. At the quarterly meeting of the Hope of Islington Lodge, No. 8, held in the P.M. Schoolroom on Monday evening, February 2. The following officers for the present term were installed by the D.G.W.C.T. Bro. Thos. Davidson, assisted by Sis. Burdon as Installing Marshal:—W.C.T. Bro F. Dodman ; W.V.T. Bro. P. P. Probert ; W.S. Sis. E. Burdon ; W.F.S. Sis. S. J. Roberts ; W.T. Bro. Davidson ; W C. Sis. E. Probert; W.M. Bro. Robt. Dodman ; W.I.G. Bro. Abt. Turnbull; P.W.C.T. Bro. J. Burdon. The re- ports of the retiring officers showed the lodge to be gradually increasing. After the usual congratulations a very pleasant evening was brought to a close. Southern Star Tent, No. 1, I.O.R.—The half-yearly finance meeting of this tent was held in the Rechabite Hall, Grote street, on Monday evening, Feb. 16. The balance sheet, auditors' and trustees' reports were read and adopted. Receipts, £510 ; payments, £346 13s. 10d.: in- crease of funds for half year, £163 6s 4d.; Total increase for year, £??6 6s ??d ; members admitted, 17; run out withdrawn and d?ad 9 increases 8?; good on the books, 328; suspended, ? ? ? members ?? The trustees '..532, and in for half-year ' xpcncled ' r.rof:t of -otln r l : the .".C.K.; M.H.; nd:iy It;.'flic '.n lie v,x, , the 1 :e. n- .rif/ 1 of pub); v the Rev. D. O Don ell. and •ri dance -i A. '<). Chamber-:. The at tai of 1 er-.on-. enrolled them- A 11 i a: Bro. A. J. Ii: IV-trir Deputy of the Adelaide District !.<> ., in paying hnal course of visits to the various lodges in the Ad aide di-trict, prior to the approaching Grand Lodge sessions, visited the Beacon Light Juvenile Temj on Tuesdav evening. February 17, ami was welcomed 1 Bro. T. McDonald, the W.C.T., in the name of the temple. In the absence of Mrs. Oswald Bro. C. Loxton acted as superintendent. The attendance of children was large. The activity and energy displayed by the juveniles in 'their work is a very pleasing feature. Bro. Barnes in addres-in;; the members reminded them of the solenmitv of the pledge they had taken in joining the Order of Good Templars, and urged them one and all to remain true to the same, which would undoubtedly be a blessing to them in after life. Bro. Heaysman also addressed the juveniles, and recitations were contributed by some of the" members. During the evening three new members were initiated, making a total of 1 1 1 on the roll. The District Deputy subsequently paid a visit to the Degree Temple of Charity No. 1, at which there was a fair attend an co. Degree Templar, Bro. T. 11. Cooke, presided. Bro. Barnes in taking leave of the members of the temple as their District Deputv, gave a brief resume of the position of the order in the'Adelaide district at the present time, which was very encouraging. The Norwood Excelsior Lodge had received a fresh impetus in consequence of several members from the Lifeboat Lodge having affiliated with th'm, and he hoped to see the efforts of each crowned with success. The three city lodges have returned a total of about 362 members, and the activity displayed by the members of each was hopeful for a larger increase in the future. Bro. Barnes thanked the members for the courteous manner in which he had been received and assisted bv them throughout the district during the past year, and also especially thanked Bro. E. Seamen, Degree treasurer, for accompanying him in his visits to the various lodges. He requested that the same good feeling might be extended towards his successor in office, and wdshed the order increased success. Songs were contributed by Bros. Hope and Jones, Sisters Maloney and Green, and a reading by Bro. Loxton! During the evening one member was received into the temple, and five brothers aud sisters were initiated into the second degree. 