1 HE CHUJRCHES. ClIltlST CutJKCH. Yesterday morning the Lord Bishoo of I Melbourne (Dr. Moorhouse) preached In this ; church to a very large congregation. The building was crowded, and extra seats had to be placed along the aisles to accommodate these eager to hear the rev. gentleman's discourse. The bishop chose for his text a portion of the 22od verse of the 9th chapter < f St. Matthew t 4* Daughter be of good comfort, thy faith hath made thee whole." Be stated that the demand for faith was a peculiar note of the New Testament. It was not a word generally used in the Old Testament, and, in fact, its rare employment was something which struck them as being remarkably significant. Out ot the 200 passages in which the word " faith" was employed in the Scriptures, it was only used twice in the book forming the Old Testament. They found freely the words "believe" and "believing," but they almost entirely lost sight of the fact that faith was peculiarly applicable to the New Testament. They knew well enough that St. Paul, in his preaching of salvation to all men, made it the basis of his doctrine. In preaching to the Jews it was absolutely necessary for St, Paul to quote from the Old Testament. The use j of the word had great significance, and they ' could not pass it by without comment. It : was as striking to them as the nse of the wurd "Father" as meaning God, which was so extensively employed in the Old Testament. Although 44 Father " wasused to denote the name of God of Israel, it was also known as Jehovah, meaning the strong one, the self existing one, the holy one. They owed to Jesus Christ the predominant idea of love through the agency of faith. In the Old Testament the predominant feature was work or obedience in regard to the divine law, but in the New Testament the pre* domiuant feature was faith, and one of the principal evidences of it was in the language employed by Jesus when He turned to the woman who had had an issue of blood for twelve years, and said, 44 Daughter thy faith hath made thee whole." The prevailing cause of the healing of the woman was the power of Christ, or, to use the Lord's words, virtue went out of Him, but the woman believed in Jesus Christ as the Saviour of mankind, and reasoned within herself : 44 If I do bat touch his garment, I shall be made whole." Her very act dis closed the fact that she had faith in the power of Christ to heal her. In addition to that subjective enndition, there had to be receptivity of the divine influence. It was absolutely necessary to have faith and belief in the power of Christ to save, for eveu In Nazareth the Lord could not do much, because of the people's unbelief. It may be asked, 44 How can a man believe what he likes," and it might be said that he could only believe that which his reason led him to believe. Certainly man was an animal, and enjoyed all the blessings which God bestowed on the animal system. The Lord had made them free, and could not change them without robbing them oi toeir ireedom, ana it tney were deprived of that freedom they could not bear the image of God. If it pleased God to offer them all His spiritual blessings it was not in His power to force them to accept of them, for in trying to make them love Him Ho would rob them of that love. The condition of faith was not imposed rigidly on them, , for it depended greatly on the constitution : of their natures. They had been raised to such a high state of spiritual being that God bad deprived Himself of thepowerto forceon them spiritnal blessings. It wa3, therefore, neces sary that faith should and must be the condition of their salvation. God offered to them His spiritual blessings through the gift of His Sou and the gift of His spirit. Hut God could not compel them to accept of these. It was left for them to have faith, ami to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and before they could receive those blessings they would have to accept the condition of spiritual receptivity, and that spiritual receptivity was wrapped up in thesmallword in the New Testament wheu it talked about faith. -Itwac called faith because of the obj-ct intended to cause them to apprehend the things unseeu—the spiritually divine. It was as natural to them to apprehend the things of God as it was to apprehend the thiags contained in the woHd of space, for as soon as man begau to see the things of the infinite in the finite he joined himself in spiritual communion with that which he saw. In feeling that desire man saw at a glance that he was immortal. It was that feeling of nuioii with the anseen divine which enabled man to hold in restraint the lower feelings aud passions which he was prone to indulge. There was given to man the capacity to see the unseeu, and to realise the impalpable ; but in order to do so man must exert himself, and in doing that the effort made was in reality faith, for they knew perfectly well that " Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of thing3 not seen." . If a man disliked those things which, would bring him to God, and make him have spiritual communion with the unseen, then that man really could not possess the faith referred to in the New Testament. Prayera to the Unseen, the hearing of the word of God, the attendance at a place of worship, the doing of that which was right and just, and neighborly love, tended to lead men to God. It helped to make them love God, to love their neighbors as well as themselves, and to put away all selfish love and all selfish passions. If they did not do that, they knew the Scriptures were applicable to themselves wheu they read " Ye cannot believe because ye are not of God," for he that was of the truth would hear the voice of God. It was quite true that if a man aevotea au uus Lime uuu uis attention to the thing3 forming his home on earth he coald not serve Christ. If a man werejof the world only, he would not be able to bear the existence of churches, nor would he apDreciate the Sabbath* That man wculd, if he could not abolish the Sabbaih, or turn it into a day of work, endeavor to make it a day of leisure, and would not worship his God. That man really became a low, mean, grovelling earth-worm. On the other hand they saw in the man of Christ, the man who feared God and tnj3tedin Him, a man who loved the Sabbath, one who loved his God, one who longed for Christ, and saw nothing else that was beantiful—in fact, the cry of that man was the cry of Samuel of old, " Speak Lord, for Thy servant heareth.a Those were the two sorts of men in the world, and he supposed that the great majority of men belonged to neither. 2?iue out of every ten in Christ Church were men of sense and of faith, partly belonging to Christ and partly belonging to the earth. He was urged, in the interest of their future welfare, to suggest to them to ask them selves how many hours they spent in heaven, and how many hours they spent in earth; how many of them worshipped God as their Father in heaven, and how many of them spiritually worshipped God with their lips only, and not in their hearts ? The kingdom of God did not come by observa tion. It was within them. It was not merelv a material citv. pictured to them as being paved with jewels, and where mtdti j tades played on harps everlastinglyi That | was not the kingdom they were seeking and | ought to seek. The kingdom they were urged to seek was that of righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost- They wanted that kingdom of God in their heart whioh would make them good men and good women. It was worth having, and it should be the ambition cf every one to obtain it. If they were men of faitb, he urged thein to pray to the Lord for an Increase of faith, to turn their eyes from the secular world to that of the eternal, and to accept with a true heart the holy communion which was offered to them that day- They should unite themselves with Christ, and pray to God to give them that conquering faith which was so moch needed by everyone. If they did that with truth and earnestness, Christ would so form in their hearlB that they would soon com prehend the length, breadth, and height of the love of God, They should cast away from themselves all the lusts of the flesh,and they would discover that faith which was at the present time ,the same as the belief which existed in the olden times, and they would achieve that victory which over cometh the world. 