A RAILWAY GHOST. \- " As there in a ghost In this story, according to all established rules it ought to aommonao with ' onco upon ft time," but as I am somn what of an iconoclast, not evon euch n vener able figuro of tipecch oan csoapo annihilation at my handa. L-t mo bo cxaot In chronology at least. I had been hastily Bumraonod from Cornwall to the bod.iide of a wealthy old unclu from whom I had expectations, and aa the telegram in formed 1110 that lio conld not eurvivo his pro sent attaak of gout, I thought it might b<? as well for mo to ba"iuat tho death," and so one clay in November, 18G0, found mo travelling to Ashbourne, a littlo, out of the way plaoo, whore tho oil gentleman lived. Tnero wero but fow passengera on tho train, and I had the oomtort of a oarriaga all to rny eelI, Wo C'topped to coal at some littlo way .station, when a passenger was hurriedly ushered, or rather banged, into my compart ment by tho conductor. Tho stranger was a tall, thin, raiddla-agod man, with a faeo loan and withered like a shrivolled apple. In a dross tight-fitting and of an anciont and faded black, ho looked like a man who had run vjry muoh to seed, which perhaps accounted for tho luxuriant growth of his arms and leg*. Observing his ololhes steaming with tho damp air, I began to realize that it had suddenly become very oold. . "Qiito a chai'.ge in tho weather," I re marked. " Vary oold to night, is it not ?" "Don'tfoci tho oold myself. Perhaps you would like to change places with me; there is no draft here." ^ " _ I replied that I should bo glad to do bo it it did not inconvenience him, and accordingly wo changed oeats. It was oold, and no mistake. I must have takoo a chill, for I folt tho cold orceplng over me in nmoat unaooountablc manner, Imlc ing at my companion on tho opposite scat, on whom tho lamplight now ehono full, I flaw that hin faao was not so thin nor his features bo withered as I at first supposed; and I must have mado a mistake as to his ago, for lie was by no means as old as I had previously judged. How cold it was, to bo sure 1 Aa I looked nt him, I noticed that hia aspeot changed momently-that he was growing younger; that tho wrinkles in hia fiico were filling out and smoothing down, and that he was gradually boooming l.ko eomo one I had aeon before. As hia uhcGks grew round and ruddy, and his hair changed from gray to brown before my very oyes, I beoamo nervous, and endeavoured to cry out, but could not. I was paralyzed with tho oold-cold thatfeemcd to make my limbs rigid and henumb my vitals, for I saw that the man Bitting before 1110 was no longer a stranger-no more friond or acquaintance-ho had bccomo mo I I held up my hands to try to shut out tho eight, and, as I did so, eo that they were withered, and thin, and old, I pressed them to ray brow, to see if I wero dreaming, and I found it shrivelled, and Beamed, and puckered. And then I know that this man-this llond had stolen my body, and given rao his. Middened with' tho discovery, I ro?o to my feet-his feet-which tottered beneath mo, and I struck wildly at tho vision of myself on tho other seat. But I found my arms light aa vapor, for they passed over hia body, wbioh went through thnni, giving nio tho inviresr.ion of pain. It was a body of sliado tbr.t liadboen glvon me for my own body of flesh and blood, which thia wroloh lies stolen. By eomo sorcery or another, wo .had indeed changed places. " Sorcerer-doiuon ! " I cried out, only to hear myself speaking -villi his aharp, cracked voice. When I saw myself sitting opposito to mo, coolly addressing mo in my own voice, I could no longer errdit my eenr.03-if, indeed, I had any of them at all left of my own. "Daro say you think you arc speaking loud now," ho said, I auawered by shouting for tho conductor da loudly as I could. "Ah, you might call ft good deal louder than that. Why, if tho carriage wero full of passengers they could no raoro hear you than ihoy Gould seo you," ho continued, chuckling, and screwing my features up into a hideously knowing grin, such aa J could never havo mado tliom assume, " You see, ray friend, yours is a body of air, of phadowv.ioBeneible, impalpable to nil but myself, just as it wan to a'l but you when I entered tho oarriaiw. You wish, perhaps, to know who I am, Wol', two; years a;?o to night X was a pa'annger by thin train. There "was a collision with a stupid freight train, you BOP, and tho rosuH was that several passengers were injured, One ol them WAS-well, it'll no uko tninolng matters- j Mllcd on the spot. Q itto BO. It was I. ! ,,Vep( t am what you would call a ghost, al though wo do not on.-Mar that juat the | uomct term among ourselves-we havo better ! word for it. Now I havo told you what I am, you will, doubtloa?, liku to knew what I want. Vorygoodj you shall sou." Tho gho8t in ray b jdy then began to feel in my pockets, from whioh he drew out my meerschaum, whioh ho filled from my pouch and lit) with one of my matohea. " Ah," he proceeded, puffing liko a Btoam engino, " you emoko vory good atufi- natural leaf an Old Judgo; not ft bad mixturo, though I profer a little Cavendish with it myeelf. Not at all a bad body of yours, cithor," ho went on, eyeing tho form in whioh ho waa sitting; " not at all a bad body ; and it fits mo to a T, only a little short in tho arms. By tho way, I find one of your front teeth a little loose, so don't go and Bay I did that, when ^ou come to yourself again; and your noso is a littlo long for mo, hut I dare pay it blows none the worse for that." I nhuddered as I saw him take out my pocket-handkerchief and use it j on tjhat oherished organ of mine. i ^ '. Ye?, I daro say now you feel tho cold a little j I did at first, but it's nothing when you j are used to it. I find your body very warm -being heavier thaa I am accustomed to wear; but it won't ba for long. I requiro it 'positively for this night only,' aa yoa say in your play-bills; and will return it uninjured by tho time we get to Ashbourne. By the bye, let mo bog of you to ba a littlo oareful how you throw your armB about 00 muoh as you did juat now, for my body is of a moro delicate construction than yours; and being so thin in substance, I am afraid you will chafo it under the arm-pits. You will observe, ladies and gentlemen'" he wont on, in leoturer'a style, "that if I take a lighted miteh and insert it in the corner of the patient's eye, ha will feel no pain." Saying this, iny dreadful companion proceeded to illustrate his remark by makiug a divo at my shadowy eye with a burning matoh. I certainly felt no pain aa tho matoh burned In my head. '.You will allow, after all you see, that my shapo has its advantages," tho ghost pro 1 ccoaed; " but it also has its disadvantages, Try the pipe now," I tried to take tho pipe -it droppod through my vapory fingers. He placed it in my mouth; I oould not hold it, nor get a whiff from it " Precisely so," said tho ghost. "Now, this is just what has brought ma hero to-night. A great smoker all my life, doing my twelvo pipes a day regularly, 1 havo baen defunot theaa two years, aud during all that time I haven't had a smoke I Not a blessed draw. I miss my 'bacoa dreadful. There is a provision mado for Brookers down with us, you will under stood ; but wo aro governed by a Board of Direotora whoso general inoapaoity equals that of many of your oity bonirds. There is a stock of bodies Itopt for smokers, eo that if you want to enjjy a pipe you must go into one of the bodies to get it. But if you will believo me, the supply is so notori ously insufficient to meet the demand that thoro ia no ohanco whatever for a new ghost to get n smoke. When I entered the eooioty all tho bodies wore out in use, and booked for three years in advanco. My name has been down on tho books for two years, and thore ia no ohanco of my getting a body allotted to me for a twelvemonth. Fancy two ycarB without a smoke I Why, sir, the incompe tence of our Board is something awful. I oan only oxplain tho reason why wo put up with such gross mismanagement in tho other world is beeauso wo havo beoomo so used to it in thip. Our constitutions, howover, are being undermined to that extent that the Board has at length been coerced by popular feeling into pasaiog a measure, empowering ghosts to render thninselvos visiblo to a singlo individual at a timo, in order that they may effect a chango of bodies for short periods, al ways with the consunt of the person in ques tion, for the purpose of indulging in a habit whioh the directors say they ' oannot, how ever, but characterize as pernicious and in jurious.' Ctjorge III. and George Washing ton, both mombers of tho Board, opposed the measure; thoy, however, wero left in a ridiou. lonely small minority, Under this new aot, I obtained your body." " You never had my consent, friond 1" I cried. " It iB vulgar to call names, my friond," tho ghost replied, smoothing my mou3taohe with my fingers; "but you aro trifling. I asked you to ohango places with me, and you agreed, as you must bo "well aware. But, dear mo I hero wo aro at Ashbourne; but, however, I must finish my pipe-think of two year?, and not a blessed draw, my friend 1" 