Ifloveltet. HIS ONE MISTAKE, By BERTHA M OLA.'?. CHAPTER LX1'V. — (Contiotm.) Sho know that Lady Logard, in her mild I way. would distil this information through the house, and so all troublo would bo sav-url. Whiln tho two gentlemen whom sho had ' lott together stood looking at enoh othor. ' It is a sorry ca--e,' Eaid tho earl — ' a sorry ending to all tho bright end pleasant liopeB that your motlfcr had formed for you. My boy, how oould you miatake so greatly ? Ton havo out yourself off from un more, al most, than if von wero dead.' 'I know it,' ho replied; 'and looking back, I tell yon quito honestly that I ounnot think how I did it. It was a piecn of bpyiHh, Qulxotto foIJy. I novel' thought of the con sequences. 1 never thought of what would happen. I seemed to vomombar nothing but tho fact that I had persuaded the girl to go out, and that through mo, she was at that hour ot night without homo or shelter.' 'But thoro wero a hundred other ways and moans 1 ?' oned the earl. ' None of thorn oocurred lome,' said Lord Carsdalo. ' I do not flxuusa myself in tha loast; I have not ono word to say. You aro very angry, father ? ' ' Tea ; I am more disappointed than angry. I thought so much of yon ; T had built per hans nxtrav&gant; hepea over you, for ' lovo you.' Lard Carsdalo sighed deeply. ' Shall wo part m anger, rather ? ' lie asked. ' We havo never had nn unkind word— will -you not bo a littlo merciful to mo now?' ' I cannot,' said the curl, with a low maan, as of sudden pain — ' I cannot, for yon have destroyed my Ufa 1 ' And those wore tha last words that passed between tlsum for many years. -. ' CHAPTJ3R LXV. a Nnran woman's advicu. ' I do net know,' said Lord Gir&iulo;, ' how I- havo- eummened oourogo to toll yoa the itrnth. ? l oan never hopo that you will forgive m»-.' \- He was sitting with Lady Ethel under one . of, the great spreading oaks m the patk. lie j had asked- her to oome out with him, as ho . liod something very particular to say to her. Obo look at his troubled, haggard fnoo told hor tho words wero not idle ones, and, with-' j out any reply, sho put on her hat and mantle, and went with him. How ho told her tho story ho never knew. Tho words lott hia hps, but ho pecmod to havo lost all control over them. The only thing {hat ho remembered very olearly was that eomo late roses wero blooming near them, and that, to the end of his life, tho odour of a ; rose mado his very heart sick and faint. . , 'I havo nothing to forgive,' said Lady Ethel. ' I have long since felt quite sure that there was a secret of somo land or otber in your life. I knew thBt you loved mo when ? you mot-mo here fivo years ago ; but, Lord Carsdalo, I do not understand why you asked mo that qnostion a few days since. If you wero nmrried at that time, how oonld you want to know whether I loved you or not? ' He told her what ho had mtauded, and sho shrank from him ns sho listened. ' That would havo been wrong,' sho said, ' and if you had asked me, I should havo told jou so. Odoo a marriage, always a marriage — nothing can ohaugo it. Even -f you had legally and lawfully obtained that separation, and if I had been told tho truth, I should havo refused to marry you.' 'Ethel I ' ho oned, reproachfully. ; ' l am speaking the plain truth,' sho ouid. 'I havo ray own ideas of right anil wrong; nothing oould change them.' . ' I wish,' he said humbly, '? that you would : tell me just what you think of my conduct, without tho least fear— will you, Ethel ? ' \- She raised her beautiful face to his, arid ho saw how pale it was ; his heart smoto him as ho looked at her. ' I will tell you,' she said, 'just what I think. Your admiration of a pretty and gontlo girl was simple enough ; tho first wrong atop was in speakiog to her ; you had no right to do it — Bho was not of your station or your j class, and no good oould come of any acquain ? tanco-betwcen you; tho second wrong step was in asking her to go out with you ; still, .your motive was, you say, kindness, yet it ? was most; dreadfully imprudent. Of your marriage, I can only say that it was a Quixotio folly ; lean understand it, though, , and in some measure forgive it ; it was tho ;:^rash impulse of a rash boy— the quioiaest but -most fatal way out of a difhoulty. Will you forgive me, if I say that your marriage seems .'.'to me far loss culpable than tho silence that follovred it. You ask mo to dissect your conduct, and I do so. Why did you not . 'hnlrllv mvn wlint vnn lin.H ,1 n n n 9 T mnlrn nil uilowanco. You did not hko to griovo your : parentB, yet you have been obliged to grieve them in tho end. You were cautiouB on fioaouot of tlio Duko of Claverdon ; hia lovo , for -your sister must havo been very weak if it could not stand that strain on it. It seems to mo that your silooco was weal: and . cowardly.' . - 11 Oh, Ethel,' ? ho cried, ' sparo mo I * njV You have asked ma for tho truth,' sho «aid ; I muat toll you that or nothing. It : : may ba UBOfnl to yon at somo time.' ? \--.-«: ,'iYou .-aro right,' he naid. 'Go on. Ethel.' ,-^IThon, 1 think next, that you did wrong over mp, very wrong. I was young when I met you here, nnd you sought mo. Why did you do that, knowing that you were married ? Truo, you did not perhaps what the world c'illa make lovo to mo, but you wero liko my shadow, and you must havo seen that I was learning to earo for you.' ' Ethel,' he cried, hurriedly. ' I tell you, though the words oovor mo with abama, I loved you ao madly that I never hardly, thought of my marriof.o ; I did not realise it.' ' It was a uruol wrong to me,' sho said, with gentle dignity, ' very eruol.' Will you forgive me, Ethel ? ' he asked, sadly. ' I oan nevor forgivo myself.' ' Yes, I forgive you ; but all my lifo I shall have to suffer for your folly. Lord Oarsdnle, people Bay that prudenuo is a prim, prosaio .virtue. Look at tho desolation and tho suf fering brought iuto so many livos, then say if prudonoe bo not the virtue of kings.' ' I see it,' ho soid.gravoly. Hor faoa lightened and brightonod through all its pallor. ' That ia what I think of yon,' sho said. ' I havo told you the worst ; now lot me com fort you by saying that I do not think you havo beon guilty of any groat sin — impru donee ia not always a sin ; but whilol apeak so of you, tell mo in what words I am to speak of that glorious, that nohlo woman, your wifo? Sho is boyond praise, and 1 think of hor with my heart warm and my eyes full of tears. Think what she has suffered, jvefc how bravo, how noble, how courogeoun she is. Sho must havo felt that, quits tin consciously, I was hor rival. Yet sho war always ready to help me— to invent pretty dresses for. mo. I declaro to you that I novo onoo saw un impatient look on her face : and. oh, Lord Carsdalo, do you remember that evening when my dress was disarranged, and sho knelt down to stitoh it ? I understand your impatience now. There is no one lilts her in the world — not ono. Think,' she con tinned, 'of her patient lovo', imagine hor ailcnco under all those false accusations. Lord Oarsdalo, you may thank Heaven that you have found so good o wifo. Your im prudence in this case has turned out a blessing to you. I oonsidor Ailio, as you call hor, one of tha moat noble and perfect women I have over Been.' ' Thank you for speaking sojkindly of hor, Ethel,' ho replied. ' I know it oil, and moro. Of hor boauty tnero oannot be two questions ; ono only sees such a faco in a IiM-tirno. You havo every reason - to bo proud of your wife. Lord Cars dale.' ' Heaven bless you, Ethel, you aro a true friend,' ho replied. ' Now you havo madn tho wound, give me tho cure. You toll me very fronltly m what I have done wrong. Now tell mo how I can best sot ubout making that wrong right.' i Sho mused gravely for somo minutes, then she looked earnestly at him. ' Aro you ready to follow the advice that i I shall give yon,' she asked, 'oven though it i be in somo moaouro painful ? ' i 'Yos, I am quite willing, Ethel; I promise | it,' ho replied, gravely ; and sho knew that | ho would keep his word. i ' Tnen I will tell you what I think, Lord I Carsdale, and how it is best for you to make tho wrong right. . Your drat duty is now to your wife— to follow her, to find hor, to i atone to her for all that sho has suffered; to bo a true, good, kind, loving husband to her ; to make some nice home for hor abroad for I some years, and then, if possible, to seek a i reconoihatioD with your parents ; I do not tmnk they will rofueo it.' i ' I will obey you, Ethol, implicitly,' he said. 'You will let me write to you some times? Homo I know will be closed against mo, and I am pledged not to tell my secret to my sister.' ' Yos, you may write; at times,' oho re plied, 'And, Ethol, tell me that you forgive mo. Give mo some hopo that in your thoughts you will not despise mo.' ' No,' sho replied, simply. 'I have liked vou too much for that.' 'Tell mo that I have not spoiled your life,'1 he said ; ' that in the futuro you will oo happy ; tell mo that, Ethel I ' Shu shook liet beautiful head gravely. ' It would bo idle to pretend that I do not Buffer. Lord Carsdale, I do ; but I -hope, plnaao God, my life is not all spoiled. You havo gone tho quietest way to work by dts enchanting mo, by letting mo see that you could bs weak enough to kocp a secret, and lot a woman suffer for it. I know that I shall bo unhappy for a time, but I hopo to forgot till about it, and meet — with— a truer lovo.' 'Do you mean that, Ethel?' ha asked, half sadly ; ' do you know ? ' She held up her wnite, jewelled hand, with a charming gesture. ' You are going to talk nonsense again,' she said, 'and I will not listen. If you wish to show your esteem for mo, obey me promptly.' ' I intend doing so,' ho said. ' After all that has hopponed,' she con tinued, ' it would bo quito impossible for you and mo to remain iu the same house. We must study appearances ; thoy must bf. kept up, no matter what goes wrong, and I think it best for you to go at oneo, and I will remain ; women havo moro self oontrol than men. I oan-talk, sing, and laugh, where you would break down.' 'I have arranged to go at once,' ho said, sadly. 'I shall not seo my father or mother again. I leave Boon after npon — and, Ethel, Ethel I- whon shall I seo you, or tho dear old home, or the old home faces again ?' ' When it shall ploasu Heaven,' Bho re plied, reverently. ' Tell me, Lord Carsdule, whero do you think Ailio hu» gone ? ' ' I can form no idea, but I shall find her,' he replied. 'That is right— thirt is earnest ; now let ub say good-byo. I must go back to Lady Gert rude ; she is waiting for me.' Ha eat quito still for a, tew minutes, then he said ; ' Good-by, Ethel ; may Heaven bless you with every blessing 1' Ho hold that whita hajid as though he would nover let it go. HV intended to do right. Ho regretted all the folly and impru dence ho had been guilty of, but ho was partr liift for ever with tlio woman that he loved, and might never bco again. Tlioeo who have seen tho faco of tho woman thoy love, yet dare not touch it — those who have listened to the voiuo they loved, yet dared not speak, may tell what ho endured. IIu saw tho beautiful, bril liant face grow paler and paler. She raised her lovely oyeo to him. ' My strength is failing, Lord Carsdale,' sho said. 'Iinustgo;' and the next minute sho had passed out of sight. ' I must live it down,' sho said to herself twenty times over, ' I must live it down. I have my life beforo mo.' Lord Oarsdalo, after that farewell, did not re-enter tho houso. He walked to tho station, intending to go to London that day ; ms boses and trunks would bo sent after him. As he stood in the station it occurred to him that ho hud not tho least idea where Aihe really was. -Sho' might have gpno homo, but ho did not think it likelv. Ho inquired of tho clerk in tbo boolsing-oflice, who romembored one'o! theEoBeneoth footmen piirchasinga first-elass tiokft for London. Tlien sho had gone to London. What would she do there? .. On arriving in London, ho wont at onoo to the Langbum, and then it occurred to him that he should havo mora difficulty than ho had anticipatod in discovering where Ailio had taken refuge, CHAPl'EK LXVI. TUB WinrU-t'AOlJD LADT. ; . . ' Tnra you have . not neon Ailio for some time?' naked Lord Osi.'idaloof IVjsoDarwent. And tho answer was; ' No.' . . IIo had mado all tho nsaroh possible in London for hia young wife, but could get no hidings of her. Thoy romomberod hor ac the London Bridge Hotel ; and Patty, tho kindly abambor-maid, when shu heard of inquiries being mado about n young lady, tolil. ut onoa all that she had thought and suspoctod. Lord Carsdale tallied to her himsulf. and described Ailio osactly to her. ' That in tho lady 1' oried the gill. ' And you have no idea whero sho went?' askod Lord Oarsdalo. ' Sho mentioned no town, no place?' ' i ' No,' roplied tho ohamber-maid, ' none.'. : So there his alow endad. Naturally enough bis next visit was to Itudoswell, to seo if Ailio had reached homo. This timo ho was so on grossed with anxiety that ho quito forgot to aoto that which beforehand had so disgusted .him — tho dull stroet, tho gloomy, house, tho evidence of poverty. He though only at flatt ing Ailio, aud atoning to hor for what she suffered ; her heroism had been so great that, in his eyos, it onnoblod even tha most com mou-place surroundings. ? ' As a matter of course, tho' whole family waro astonished to soo him, and still mora astounded nt what ho had to tell them; for ha would havo no more ooncoalmont, and, sending for the danoing-maater and hia as tonished wifo, ho told the truth' about his namo, his title, and position. 'At tho same time,' ho said, ' I must toll you quite fairly that my marriage outs mo off entirely from my family . forever. It has been kept a Booret from them all these'yoars ; now they know it, and I have biddeu them farewell forever.' John Derwent and his wife wero both over come. . -; ' '? To think,' said John, ' that Eusli a thing should happen.' 'To think,' cried Mrs. Derwent, ' that my daughter should be a lady of title.' Thoy wero both speechless after that ona remark. ' Of oourse,' oontinued Lord Carsdale, ' now that my marriaoe ia known, 1 Bhonld like to seo you in a different position.. I have influential friends, and I do not doubt in tho least but that I can procure for you soma little office undor govornment, besides whioh I will snttlo a yearly income on you moro than equivalent to that which you now earn. I shall havo to trust to yonr good sense entirely never to mention my family or speak of tbom in any way, its it would lead to more harm than good.' John Derwent and his wifo wore both over whelmed — thoy could say nothing. Thon ho made inquiries abont Frank, and learned that he gave promise, ssmo day or other, ef bsing a superb engineer. ' I consider Frank's fortune lnsdo, sir,' said John Derwent, gratefully ; ' and I havo you to thank for it. my lord — no one else.' Then Lord Carsdale had to listen to tho story of Eose's engagement to tho young eurato; and, looking at the girl's sweet face, he did not wonder at her tnarryiDg well. Then Hettie looked up at him with ona ol her frank, strange smilea. ' I am not ono of the genteel Ejcmbers of tho family,' she said, ' and I am not pro vided for, but I tell you ono thing, Lord Oars dalo, I would not marry a lord, as poor Ailio has done, without ho loved ma bettor than you loved her.' ' Yon aro right, Hettie. I do not excuse myself, but I will atone in the futura for the errorB of the past.' He would not alarm tham by telling them that he had so completoly lost all trace of Ailio; he lot them beliovo there had been some mistake about their travelling. Hs fonnd from his inaniries that none ot them bad any idea of Ailio's whereabouts. He went awjy as soon as ho oould, having but the one idea of finding her. The surprise, tho wonder, the bewilderment that fell upon that littlo household I Ailie, their beautiful Ailio, had married a lord! Mrs. Derwent rooked Uerself pathetically to and fro, wiping the great tears from hor eyes. ' I always said that Ailio was no common kind of girl,' sbo said, ' but none would be lieve mo.' | The danoing-maBtorl ooked at his fiddle. ' You and I part now,' ho said ; ' but you have beon a truo friend to mo.' The seeret was imparted, under all possible vows of sooreoy, to the curate, who mentally aongratulated himself on having made a good matoh. Visions of a good living, presented to him by his brother-in-law, Lord Oarsdalo, floated across his mind. In tha meantime, Lord Carsdala himself was quite ot a loss where to look. It was wonderful how ono illusion after another drew him from place to pluoe. Sometimes it was tho story of a lady found drowned in tho depths of ooma swift, deep river ; again it was tho body of a lady washed ashore ; it whs an unknown lady killed in a railway accident'; or it was tho history of a myster ious death. Wherever ho heard or read anything of the kind, ho went ot once ; but, neither living nor dead, could he find any traco of Ailio, It was a railway aocident that drew his attention to Fernbay — an oxcureion train had como in collision with a heavy goods train, the result of whioh was tho death of some twenty passengers and tha injury of some twenty others. It was nobody's fault — quits an acoidont, tho servants of the com pany declared— one that no human iutelli-' gt-nce could have forscen. Among tho list of of tho dead oama a description of a lady un known. She was describud aa very beauti ful, with long golden hair ; and whon Lovd Carsdalo read it, his heart grow faint. He forgot how many beautiful women with gol den hair there are in tha world, and ho went' direot to Fernbsy. It was not Ailie. Before he reaohed there tho golden-haired lady had been recognized by a husband, who was driven mad by her untimely death. Still, Lord Oarsdalo resolved upon staying there; it was a pretty place, and he had a pleasant memory of tha ouo happy day that he had spent with Ailie thero. lie went to the same hotel where sho had beon bo full of pretty, innocent wonder nnd BurpAso. They did not recognizo him there. ? Later on that evening he walked down to tho beaoh; it was a curious place— quaint, old-fashioned, and, at times, very solitary. He walked past the pier, where the band was ' discoursing eloquent musio,' down by tho alifi's, and stood thero looking at an old, ruined jetty that ran out into tho soa. It was a quiet, desolate placa; there W03 no sound of music, no gay promenadcrs, -no children at -play. There lay tho blue sea ; the white cliffs eloped down to it, and from tho Bhinglo the black, ruined jetty ran out far and wide into tho sea. Such a quaint, noh tssry scene-had not met his eyes for years. Ho stood watching it, wondering how that old jetty would look ' under a ~ darkening sky, with great, dark waves leaping over it ; and as ho bo titood, thara came to him an old coastguard, who. touched: his cap and bogau to talk. ?: : That jetty, ha.said, had been for years and yeara out of repair ; it was never used now. In timosrlong past, queens and kings had landed on- it; -but now it was given up to n ghost. (2'i- le continued:) . : ? 