\- A BushiEncident. o Swot: tliat incident of trfS-IoftchOdren in the ?Victorian Wimmora bush -was beaten but so 'thin as to cover the whole world with a veneer of Australian interest, many gteatsr tragedies, more thrilling events, nets of nobler heroism, worthier perseverance, and far higher quality of romance huve been permittee? to pass nn noticed. The last of these and greatest in its appeal to me uroaa numan interest somes us an itera of ' aost orfinury news from Tnmut. Dropped in tho daily stream, which eonvcrges from all quarters, occupying about the same space and tausing apparently about the same, concern as a publican's race laeeting, a sheiwers' spree, a washing up of a battery or sltuoing daim, is a Story whose horror. aad significance exceed tlie trugMy of She Mignanette as-mucft as the emotions of any general hnman group exeeed tlioseof auy indi vidual. Tlie stoiy is- very brief. A woman is left in ?- hut with S-re small ehiUlvmi. Hc» husbaud is shearing at a station six mil^s away. The rrearest neighbour lives four 'miles across the ranges.- The baby becomes sick and the mother' aiarmed. 'She muss get n doctor; she must reach her neigh bour'i? and ask the good' man to ride into TumuS. It is nearly evening- as she starts, the baby vwapped in her arras. -Freddy the capable bush Ia4 for company, and' the fog for protec tion's sr-ke. Poor dog '. Aiid now it is impoa ^sible to Hnderstand what follbwa unlc-e you jknow a little of the raises. What picture ijoes the ? word bring to yon P Great blue anountainx cut by gigantic chWiTO.-,. ribbed and barred wisbi iron rock. It ii- not like that, iifeither is It like the magnifiwaf riSbe, forest irm«tb.ed aid1 snow- crowned,. which: Chevalier orBuvelot bras shown to you. Ycainaay see a scrap of it ia Johnston's p'*tirrc-,. ?'Off the Tnulc,' in tiKXational Gallen::' Juut a scinp of it — you must imagine all the'7Mt. Mife afUrinile of tRe same dreary i Kmotonyy mile long' wastes of box forests, oil thV ground beneath strew il with dead leavK-and' ltroken twig a and wliiifjned fconghs ; iKcssioaaUy » granite- bouldesprotruding, and in' the depth of earh' 3tollow .-vpatch of flat wirh lonys-brown grass nnd a wate-iiole, Uack and f'^tid Before the raiin. brown' and tu7gid after i-traclffi- also withor.t c-nd. lk 'doubt »bout the rigiir trai^k throug'd. 1he fir3f hour. The in-sbark ridj^; appear? :» it she \jldl. and1 beyond iVthe fnrpio head of 3£osi;iusl:»;.or the darkening- m.usof the Kia.flirs mourrtaihs. Yes, they nrrgrowinir dark, at.3ithesun issettir^r: but ii?'aun--t'be far to th ^Mghbcttr'-s-: There are tlTce traek* now — on ' to thi' eld sawyers' camp, the other to ? the deserted Jead. This naist be the 3ie; tiere is- » fresl-- horee crack on it ! Hurry aV.tig ! T-.e dog btmnds bcrHtrng al.osd, and trees an cpossumj ? Freddy wrald like to climb np and c lop hSa' out. Notfcnt-now. Baby whines so pireously. lEush, babji' Hurry !' huxiy ! Ah: -thoao gfoes- the -sun\ The mother csa feel sonn-thin-p Uke certain hope pasting: out of her soul us the last yellow gltlre rise-^ £trw the tree tops, an* fflra- an actiaj blesstd' presence steals rj^thor HSlside and away — ah; whither 1' Whither indeed ! Heze are mere- trsiis, more'an4' ;mor». Wliere ? shoulu tlie mountain be, -./here there- is no mountain to be-feen. The dw.is jgoihg;; the nigit cona»'^-«)' swift, so wu3,'--so ;stracge. Do yjo know hew- it eomes r I will ilet another sp- ak, foi -I: know I myself can Inevar speak so v.«U : — *?' Tiie grottjque and ii« Itorftd trees, huciledheva'and there togetherin the- gioom like whispering- oonepirators ; lie 'little epen flats ?ncireled by boiilders, ivhWi !*era- the forge ttcn r.ifejrs' of some \za holy- -worship ; the ? white, bare, and ghnetfy gums deamir.fr- momentarily amid the deeper shades or: the forest : tisj' lenely pools begirt with'?hiverirur reeds, aad hnunteil by the raelancaoiy bitteni only ; th&- riffeiV and' draggled creek: bed; which seera* ' violently gouged cut of i'ze' laocrated earth by;.. same Sivvage conv;ilsion-of-ii!iture: the silent i and solitary plac; where--;v.few blasted trees j crowd together li!»- withered witches, who,' ; teoodiig on some deed oi'olccd. have bees, suddenly stricken horror-sti£— riding througrri that nightmare land icape- a whirr of wings an-l i a ar.rsh cry disturb you from: rime to timevi hjdeoijs- and mocking icngBtsr peals above and atimt you : aud huge grey ghosts, with litU- reft:ey*e- hop away '.vitS gigantio tut noisele&* » b&-iud.s. You shake yoia- bridle, the mat* J le^Kthintf her stride, fee trcs.tronfornn into ona ; ai»d:e3, the leave? nuike overhead » continuous. cuvhuh.the earth reels out .beneath you like a snrp or grey cioiii i-pun^sj a mnousiy nyin^, loom; tho uir strikes- your frxe sharply, that! braUf aiv/iiy s grey and coloBrfessu parts befoia- j yci. and closes behind, you like- u. fog. You. lose- 73UTMlf in the prevailing- indecision cf sosnd! and colour. You beeoHie-iiruaak with tho* wfcie of tic- night, andloiing-your jndividualit;v »v7t«p- («wiird on a lli-iag^hanoua, in a Iani of jjiBdows.' Butsotso to the jsorrvjomciu. The nigirb. toier briegs desolation, -.hsrror,. dbspair. Tho oWds- have covered slliitbs- stHus. The wi- A | si^hs, sobs, howls. TE»- onatter of fio; 'possums is hiLshed. THere- are- no- more noises oi: bouncing, startled feet. Only the curljwv .-irieks louder and louder^ :im^ the little vcii» r.t herteart moans fn a luwgr:. lower tone. 'She nan comes with a ihiM. Mie storm with1* crash. Toe little bcvJriaifllea- in her skirts; ijie boogies creak above-: the- whole voice; of trie forest roars. Ah. ^nigiifc and storm -Hid darkness- ye are woatiic^is acuel. The ~ain iills asd-fallk tmd j»n«trttos. the eruel stjrm ii-freeaibg- her, and s-rill. t';se little- baby m^r.nrt and fe* little boy sbirers- and! sleep- , he :a so tired-_ , ,.-.- , She- must sit still till t moraii&g;. She has .'bean, told so. Alwuysat jdil asd wait fc c. the tiunrise; Siuirise acmes — the blessed 3an ! How it iights the wet- ^iim. itavesl Hasr.it mske* erery quartz .ppbile speskle ! hcv-4h& tswett balsamic odoum-of ill tie- scrub blossoms jcom* out and seen* the- uir. Baby Livery 'still. Open out irA-tvafe ai^-vTl and latthe ideas; the blessodj «ain. shine oa. her ? ?alfoi. Yes, but baby iKsksa, and: stilh monnihgry. Son.e-- my.soeriouo pauii thaU ?mascsw ail the motair'soEairs. We miisiJinu* ?tbe-dbctor. Como,- EreiMy. No; no break ;- ^fasl. Ah, that is- gcod;.Ro»er. It aiust 1&. tieiri3ck. On, and'os.. anfion. Andiow hut1 tie sou grows ; jow difiVrent from thttgenici; tl^geotle heat of the Srsir luw rays^ . Goxw ritntt. are steainisg^ puur Hiabs are tiumhliiig^ zjyw, strength i.-TTttningrwftb every step, and to3y cries loud'yr. . Ifrisnetthe waUof pain, itH- natural ay,: bahy » better — Ea hungry. ;Si; down, pocr. Hredtly ; we will cted biby. I know n'j-,d£&otCE;' in the history of this, world disclo.iijf a koortttr anguish, than, must have been end 3Msd by 4iatmotnea?a*sh9 put; the parched lips of her recoverin'r nifaqt -co J^er breast, and. kbevi- that the Ufa ? saiuxft- was. dried. I cin:,in-iigjne no highenact ? of ? reajl of th-- pool dog,-and lie attempt to.,rerive tho' fainting '.J5Ud:»ah.ite blood. Icanpiatnreao. deeper di«pair than followed tho failare af' at true- mattsaal effort — the ivatohfcjg-of Sis dosing tj'as, thestiifening linub.. And COT.- uiece is the AoAtralica.paiaier who gruni\\-lc-s- despondingly that hi/vart is,not appretif.ted., or who growls. thut'iie diaiuy monotouoiif- ^itih yields hin-.no jftjpiraHbn? Show- uae that poor womm witbiUlai (Scad child, clasptd to her breast, tliq wearied T-oy at her aHti.-^. hxurryina, hurrring oa-. Tficre is notliing or: your gaUcry wal-Br th«» is nokhing in 'ilognllariES of the mslj; to ojtcel; &e; pos sibilities Gf the «;ene. S3ow, nwtflo smHincnt oi: tho stcotid nis-ht. wc«a event- vrieo. everv Eoupd bfcame personified; -whe!».ourl»scauing »nd ni^ht owls hootings. and hideooa vermin jabbe«i«»X in the treea^ bocanto-spi/its, ghosta, ghouls* longing to smstca thtfo aaiH cold bur den, uhose lowest moau.-w.ouJdin04r ho sweetest musisthat human Hjys conM' nuJke. Is your canvaAof Lenore, jjjur- tiriliiiiy presentation of Burger's ballad,. horriWbj gSaatly, weird? There was far moro-in thooush that night. And what when, ifreddy could walk no more, when hunger hai ccos&k; to gnaw and utter weariness opprcsaed hiu» ; -when by the side of the waterhole fi'jixl by the recent rain feho laid the dead baby down zuid saw Freddy sink to sleep, nnd lierittf hiuried on again, so weak, so footsore, bat 30 fiiB of motherhood that eho could not, -would not yield. On through another nigM, another dawn, another weary day, nnd ia the aflnrnoon, more blessed sight than ever greeted woman's eyes, a blue iwMff of RmokO'-suroiiignuf aomehuaan compas&m-; ahip— y»s, a hut. Tho starving la;l wearily -watching asd ply ing hi* gum leaf fan about the dea4 I%b7 lisa a bald and ghnxtlr horror. I would' not dwell upon it. I would concentrate all interest npon the strong, true, suffering motherhood. I would claim for it attention — recognition.. I would mark the epieotle, not because it satisfies a desire to sup full of horror, bnt because' it punctuates tho dull drivel of our daily life with an appeal no less to honest admiration tiioa to common and general interest. — Sydney Echo. 