THE vagaries of fashion have been from a very early' peridd a never-failing source of arrusement to the; cynically disposed, and evento .-tose who lihav but the merest atomrii of the misanthropic in their nature the sub ject is calculated to -excite feelings of wonder and curiosity'.: It is. a wide .subject, em bracing many thiigs, and .reqcuires no smtall courage to tackle; for any disparaging re marks?on -prevailing imodes; however ridicue lous, are apt to draw down upon the audacidus britic the volleyed, thunders of the Errinriys who rule the roast, and the not' less distract ',ipg platooij fire of the rank and file who :follow after them. Against the ire of the fo.rmer there may possibly be some effectual defence; but the attacks of the latter, deli vered, at close quarters, one's neighbour or even. wife being amongst them,'call for a stoicism so perfect and torture-defiant that the stoicism of ancient Sparta or of the red :Indian in Americani backwoods fades into :utter insignificance beside it. Werea slavish .following of Parisian or London costumiers ;confined to the fair sex, he would indeed be wanting in that true discretion which is the better part. of valour who would dare to lay his :hand metaphorically upon any article of dress, be it tight-laced corset, or high- heeled boot, aid condemn it in u'nequivocal. lan guage- as injurious, destructive of symettry, and exceedinelv foolish. Fashion however has its devotees in :both sexes more fanatical than the proud Brai m:-rins and the whirling dervishes of the 'east. ".Upon- its shrine they'are contented. to lay .therriselves as sacrifices. They-offer to the presiding divinity, a 'ceaseless .adoration. Thieir :religion. permeates:, their very being. They presume to eat-only according to the .Koran;'and drink after approved models duly :'set forthl . ,Their walk is laid down by rules ais binding as 'the decalogue on Christendom. -If thie almud insit :upon a chignon, straight way out of many mysterious ingredients, one 'is: manufactured;. if an eye-glass, every be whiskered devotee surveys the world through the transparent disc. If a severer test be applied, and it be decreed by the laws of the transoceanic autocrats, that .the :slim, ele gantly- fashioned maiden shall.pad her curving hips into square ugliness, and shall aftect a distressing lameness the gods have happily preserved her fron iat' otce the streets are :filled with voluntary cripples, aind the stupen dous faith of the devotee ;is manifest. Are ,:tight. inexpressibles-vetoed !and ,the roomy style, adopted by the:Turkish pashas; stamped with the .seal of, authority, the miacassaied ". and scented Lotharios bury their nether ex 'tremities in voluminous folds with .the air of those bent upon the fulfilment of great duties however vast the discomfort and abnegation i?2irvolved ini the task. S:Burns, the black-eyed singer of Caledonia, Sdnc$e sighed Oh ! wad some power tho giftie gie us, To see oursels as ithers see us, It wad frae monie a blunder free us ' - ". n''lm?ah no;onn WYho has hot. a lively recollection, more lively perhaips than reverent, of, the ciinoline, that inverted cone .'of surprising ;circunifer -ence, which when forcibly compressed at the rear by being sat rupun bulged out fearfully *in front, discovering mysteries of feminine apparel it were death without clergy to so mnuch as name in the columns of an ordinary hnewspaper. Can the most grotesque imagi nationi picture Psyche ensconscedunderone of 'those ingeiious cones of wire and calico toying withite Cupid in Ottoman pantaloons, or Venus in the same garb castingsheep-eyes at a bashful Adonis with upright collar and .eye-glass. Who, also, does not remember whehn the reaction set ini and the unmanage. ible crinoline was consigned' to the limbo of the urnYashiorinable, how feminine tastes ran to ithe opposite extreme. That was the day of the *ightly-clinging, garments, which clasped tlhe limnibs like bandages.; every curve show ing clear and distinct, the working of every muscle shown under the. strained texture, and Irapid locomotion being a perfect impossi biliiy. 'With the ghost in the. play we might cry, " Oh, Hamlet! what a falling-off was . To attempt to trace all the cnanges in every department of personal adornment is 'a weary and. endless task. Count the stars 'in the cloudless midnight sky, the autumnal leaves that strow the brooks in Yallombross, the- sands by the sea shore, but leave the laiger task alone. Let us note a few changes ,in the one' fashion of wearing the hair woman's. glory, as- it was. aptly termed cen turies ago ; but we ;are? not sure whether 'the proper chronological'order of the changes w.ili'be preserved. Happily, the extravagant :fashioinain vogiue during the last century has biecome'- utterly".'defunct and beyond the pbwer- ot even -galvanism to impart a momentary--spasmodic life. In Stewart's I ,hole Art of Hairdressing, published a little over a hundred years ago, is a picture of a fashionable belle of the period.7Her tresses by some elaborate and hidden scaffolding are upheld to a height of over twelve inches. They are frizzed, and curled, and twisted, nrid braided. They are crowned on the "dizzy and precarious summit with a host of trinkets, .and feathers, anid gaiy ribbons. Contemporary; writers, as .`\ell as; the.tauthor we. hae cited, give us further , particulars. Pomattim and powderilargely. :?'Cptribu'ted. 'to the beauty .if.. thet lowering arrangement. One drcsising'such as swe have describ?ed did duty for a period?varying froti due .we'el'to a fortnigit,land so great care, was required to preserve tlie, pyramidal' mass in equilibrium that on special occasions the bhelles dared not retire to their usuil ,-couaclih," biit "sai throughdut the night in a: chair, wi ling martyrs to a grotesque decree, of :potent fashion. . This was in the days of biur grandmothers; the actors have all piassed away,; their very interments carried. but iin.comrpliance withi the customs of the time. 'Hbwi shall we pro ceed when we come to the fashions of our owr day. We are. Lreaditig' on dangerous ground ; it behoves us to walk circumspectly and with care. We remember the chignon, fearfully and wonderfully made, which hung dependent from the bump of philoprogenitiveness like a huge wen from the nose. It died in due time. It was the incarnation of ugliness, and any change could not but be advan tageous. Then came the long plait, severely plain, and evidently a plagiary of John Chinaman's historic- pigtail. She was .happiest :who could sport the longest. Then the plait was, twisted into .a tight knot, the tighter t'he more fashionable.. Next, the front tresses, which in 'the homely persons of our mothers were wont to give a dignity to the features, vwere ruthlessly shorn, and either ,ilastered by a plentiful sipply of cosmetics to.the. forehead, or frizzed by curling-irons into a tangled mass. The back hair was not long permitted to grow as nature intended it should- downward, but was tortured and combed and brushed and turned up under the bonnet, until the neck was completely denuded save of a few short bristly hairs of 'such rebellious nature that no amount of 'compulsion could render them tractable. The force of invention could no further go. The changes had been rung to the last. Some repetition, wholly' or in part, of old fashions seemed inevitable. We can imagine the consternation such a prospect would create amongst the originators of new modes. Who could foretell the future if such a harmful precedent were established ? Novelty -that charming word-would be expunged from the professional vocabulary. The hour had come, and just in the nick of time the man appeared. Some desperate spirit proposed 'the shears. It was the last resource. If that failed, then farewell, a long farewell, to all their greatness. Gravely was it promulgated that fashion demanded the sacrifice of woman's glory. The luxuriant tresses must be lopped off. This was the crowning ordeal of their fidelity - 'the consummation of a long and trying dis ciplinary course:. . But the true devotees, the ultra-faithful, wasted no tears in useless -bewailing. It was writtenh, it must be accomplished; and lo ! the pride of the sex, the chief ingredient in the subtle fascination of our Psyches, that' nimbus of splendour, auourn, or nut-Drown,. or glossy raven, .was shorn to the scalp. To the honour of thousands, be.it said, they dared to preserve the glory of which Paul spoke, and Milton and Dante and Shakespeare sang, and.lovers in every age and clime have, passionately adored, even' though its preservation won them the sneer of the fashionable. What next will arise to& bewilder the brain of the social historian .we know not. Judging from the extravagaice of the last few years, it would be worse-than useless to try and anticipate it. E'Even now, when the-curtailed tresses are gradually resuming'thieir pristine appearance,, the inventors abroad are cudgelling, their brains how .to work the oracle. "Thus far in no unkindly spirit we have traced a few--a very few--of the mode; which have dbtained - favour in .the eyes of such of our charmers as were' swayed by the changing dogmas:of' the hairdresser; and at the conclusion df' our task we stand aghast at our 'temerity.' -Will our .criticisms-if by .such an. ominous name our remarks may,,be called-be, accepted in the spirit in which ,they' were.given, or have we stirred up a ineot of hornets " - 