NEWS OF THE BAT. o The position as far as regards the despatch of a Victorinn contingent for service in the Soudan remains in n very unsettled condition, and as far as present appearances go it seems unlikely thnt onr militiamen will he called upon. The cablegram in our second edition yesterday announced that the troops from Vic toria would lie accept od in the autumn, that is, some five months hence, if they were re quired ; hut a later message, which appears in our issue this morning, states that we can send the men at once, talcing the responsibility of their being in time for active operations. Thos thero are two conditions set forth — the one superseding tho other. The Government are understood to have received a communication by cable from tho Agent-General yesterday, but its purport has not transpired. The announce ment has, however, been authoritatively made that no steps will he taken pending the receipt of additional advices, and tho inference to bo derived from the situation is that the services of a Victorian force will not bo required. Her Majesty has written an autograph letter to Earl Derbv," in which she expresses her thanks to the colonics for their patriotic offers of as sistance. From the Soudan Lonl Wolseby telegraphs that a body of tho Mahdi's troops attacked a British convoy in charge of wounded near Gubat. After a severe skirmish the cneinv retreated. The British troops have fnllen hack from Gubat, apparently on account of the scarcity of water. Tho Mahdi is said to be marching on Metcmnch from Khartoum with a force of 50,000. Tho Telegraph department has received the following information from the Adelaide office: — "Hong Kong notifies communication with Canton restored." Tho Telegraph department has received a notification to the effect that messages for tbe next Mauritius mail should reach Adeu by noon on Sunday, the 22nd inst. Mr. P. Lalor, Speaker of tho Legislative Assembly, yesterday arrived from Now Zealand hv the Union Steamship Company's steamer Manaponri. He has been absent from the colony for some weeks visiting jho most interest ing portions of New Zealand, The mcnibers-b'f the New South Wales Legis lature at present on a visit to Melbourne were entertained list evening by the members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly nt a banquet, in tho supper room of Parliament House. The company numbered about eighty. The chair was occupied by Mr. Service, who was supported on the right by his Excellency Sir Henry B. Loch and Mr. M'Quade. M.L.A. (New South Wales), aud on the left by Mr. Trickett, Minister of Education, New South Wales. The proceedings throughout were of the most enthusiastic character, and cordial expressions of good feeliug were interchanged between the representatives of the tivo colonies. Tho first intercolonial cricket match between teams choson from tho Legislatures of New South Wales aud Victoria was commenced on the Melbourne cricket ground yesterday in tho presence of a fair number of spectators. The weather was all that could be desired. The New South Wales representatives, who won the toss, weut in lirst, and. put together no less than 183 ruus; several of the players; notably Messrs. Vivian, Targelt and "Cbo- uan, batting iu a style altogether too good for their opponents. The howling of the locaimen was more remarkable for variety than accuracy, and the fielding was scarcely equal "to first cloven form, catch . after catclr being missed. The Victorians only made 73 in their first essay ; Gardiner 15, A. T. Clark 14 and Gibbs 13 being the principal contributors. The bowling of Messrs. M'Quade and Turgett for the visitors was really good, and the fielding excellent, several difficult chances being taken with a readiness that proved the team to be anything but no vices. ' The members of the New Soutli Wale3 team and a number of visitors were entcrtatned at luncheon in tho M.C.C. pavilion, and a most enjoyable day was spent. The match will he resumed at noon to-day, when the Victorian legislators have to obtain 110 runs to save a one innings defeat — a task, judging by yesterday's play, thoy are not likely to accom plish. A report has been received by- the Minister of Lauds from Mr. G. B. Silvester, Crowu lands bailiff at Morrisons, stating that Mr. G. M'Naughton, a member of tho local sliiro coun cil, hnd lost twelve cows in consequence of their having eaten the dead bodies of rabbits which had been poisoned on' his ground. Other similar cases having occurred in the district, Mr. Silvester states that ho had instructed the rabbit killers in the district to give notice to the persons in the locality about to he operated upon before distributing "the poisoned grain, so that the live stock might be watched. Yesterday being the anniversary of the birth day of his 'Majesty William HI., King of the Netherlands, flags were hoisted in the morning in honor of the occasion at the Netherlands Con sulate general and the other consular offices. A meeting of the Royal Commission on Lands, Titles and Surveys was held yesterday at the office of the commission, "fxnperial- chnmbcrs. There were present: — Mr. Walter Madden, M.L.A., chairman, and Messrs. Black, Allen and R. A. Sutherland. The witnesses examined were Mr. England, of Messrs. Malle- son, England and Stewart, solicitors : Mr. B. L. Vail, of Messrs. Vail aud Son, solicitors ; and Mr. T. B. Muntz, C.E. The first two witnesses gave evidence, in reference to some proposed amendments in the Transfer of Laud Statute, whilst Mr. Muutz was examined about a scientific survey of Melbourne and its suburbs, Tho commission ;sat for two hours and a half, and at its rising adjourned till Thursday next, at two p.m. Tire Chief Commissioner of Police, acting upon a report of Superintendent Sudleir, lias dismissed. from the police force Constable James Doyle, who was fined at tho District Court on Monday last for an unprovoked assault ou Charles Livesey, a barman, employed at the Yarra Family Hotel. A largely attended meeting was held at the Brunswick' Mechanics' Institute last evening, for the purpose of taking steps to form a local company in connection with the 1st Battaliou of Victorian militia, when 17 additional mem bers were enrolled, making the total to date 53. A meeting for a similar purpose will be bold at Coburg next Monday evening. At a meeting of tho Richmond City Council, held last night, a letter was read from the Sec retary of the Tramways Trust, asking for an expression of opinion as to who were the right ful custodians of the document embodying the agreement between the Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Company and tbe City and various suburban councils, which Mr. Fitzgibbon. under instructions from the Melbourne Corporation, was retaining possession of, and declined to give up. A resolution was carried that the City Council should be called upon to surrender the deed to the Tramways Tnist, conditionally on the former being furnished with an attested copy of the document. A deputation from the Rich mond hoard of advice waited upon the council to ask its cooperation, as iu previous years, with their State schools and city unnual excursion to Mordialloc. Tho application was granted. Mr. Avery's tender for the erection of the Richmond market, for £ 250 , was accepted. Affer the disposal of the ordinary business, Cr. Fanner moved the following resolution, which was car ried unanimously : — "That this council desires to record its regret for the recent slaughter of General Gordon at Khartoum, and its sense of the loss which humanity, civilisation, and the British nation have sustained."' Mr. Justice Williams gave his reserved judg ment yesterday, in the Supreme Court, iu the case of Samwclls v. Hackctt. which was an action' to recover damages for the infringement of'a patent. He said that the simple question be had to decide was whether there was an in fringement, as the defendant had heen that out from his other defences by iiis attorney not having delivered with the defence the particulars required by the act. 'Hie plaintiff's invention consisted of a connection by means of two flat slecl bars be tween the shafts and body of n brougham hansom. The defendant had also fixed a steel bar on to a cab in order to connect it with the shafts, but this stay differed in some material respects from the stays of the plaintiff, nnd the manner in which it was fixed was also different. In hisHonor's opinion the defendant's stay was smaller, lighter, simpler nnd less cumbersome, and in some respects it was a decided improve ment. and substantially differed from the plain tiff's invention. He therefore gave judgment for tho defendant with costs. An application was made to Mr. Justice Wil liams in chambers yesterday for a postpone ment of the case of Bonn v. Svmcs, in order that certain legnl points might be argued before the takiug of evidence. The action is brought under an act,of George III. — "for the preven tion of certain abu-es and profanation of ihe Lord's Day called Sunday" — to recover damages from the defendant, who is a freethought, lecturer on account of his having given an entertainment in the Hall of Science on a Sunday. A question arose whether tho act under which the proceedings were taken wa£ in force in the colony, and an application was now made that "the trial should be postponed, pending the court's decision on the point. Mr. Symos opposed the postponement in person, and argued tliat the plaintiff's object was merely to gain time. His Honor granted the application. Mr. Symcs then 'applied for an order directing the plaintiff to give security for costs, but his Honor pointed out that the case was one which he could not remit to the County Court, and therefore he had mo power to compel security being given. In the County Court yesterday, before Judge Casey, an action was brought, by Mr. John Baker, contractor, against the Misses Priscilla and Eliza Sinclair, to recover £75 14s., being the , balance alleged to be due on the erection of two weatherboard cottages in Nelson street. South Melbourne, by the plaintiff, and for extras in connection with the contract. The defendants pleaded a set ofT of £55 being penalties for 22 weeks' delay, at 50s. per week, in completing the contract. A verdict was given for the plaintiff for £58. Is,, leave being reserved to move to set aside the verdict; and enter a non suit, or move for a reduction of damages. An action was commenced in the Supreme Court before Mr. Justice Williams yesterday, in which Messrs. Lewis and Whitty. of Mel bourne, sought to obtain damages from Herman Klapproth, a soap manufacturer, of Sand hurst, for on alleged breach of patent- Mr. Webb, Q.C.. and Mr. Bryant nppeared for the plaintiffs : nnd Mr. Goldsmith and Mr. Higgins for the defendant. The case . was beard .entirely upon affidavits no oral evidence' being taken. From the affidavits it appeared that the plaintiffs lrnd in troduced into the colour a special kind of soap, the tradesmark of which was registered as "borax'1 soap. They complained that the defendant had infringed their trade mark by manufacturing nnd offering for sale a certain material labelled as borax soap. The defendant contended that the word " borax" merely repre sented an ingredient of many different kinds of soap, and therefore that the plaintiffs could not attempt to exercise a monopoly over the particu lar word. The arguments were not concluded when the court adjourned. A peculiar case occupied the attention nf Judge Casey in tho County Court yesterday. The action was brought, by Mr. George Urqu- hart against , the Colonial Bonk of Australasia to recover £99 as damages for having registered a judgment against him for a large sum of money after all the claims of the bank had been settled, and for refusing or neglecting to ro- inovo such registered judgment when called upon to do so. The plaintiff iu his evidence stated that through tho action of the bank in refusing to remove judgmeutlie had been unable to sell a piece of land at Taradalo. Mr. Moule who appeared for the defendants moved for a nonsuit on the ground that the Beal Property Act provided that all registered judgments should lapse after a period of five years from the date of registration in regard to real property. His Honor reserved Ihe point, A verdict was given for the defendants, with £8 8s. 6d. costs. The annual moeliug of members of the National Agricultural Society of Victoria was held'at Kirk's Bazaar yesterday, when there was a very large attendance of "those interested. Tho annual report, dealing at length with the operations of the society during tho past year, was adopted without discussion. Tho financial statement sliowed tho receipts for the past year to have amounted to £3815 Is. 7d.. and the ex penditure to £5599 Os. lid., thereby increasing the overdraft by £1933 19s. 4d. Several tri vial alterations iu the rules having been agreed to. the joi'nee, bearers for the castling year wero elected, after which the proceedings terminated. ' The handicap clfess tourney at the Victorian Chess and Draughts Club, which lias been in course of progress for some mouths past, was brought to a termination Inst week. Tho players were divided- into four .classes. Class A. giTiug the odds of the queeu's knight to Class B, the queen's rook to Class C, and rook and move to Class D, the other classes giving odds in the same ratio. The system of scoring was that known as Gclbfuh's", in which every player scores for a won game as many points for that round as his opponent has won gomes in the tourney. The first prize was taken by Mr; J. G. Wittnn, Class A, with 22 games won nnd 261 j> points ; the second by Mr. J. C. Dobbyu, Class C, with 22 games nnd 261 A points. It will therefore be seen that the finish for fir t and second places was extremely close. Mr. F. G. Richardson, Class C, was third, with 19.1 games and 236 | mints. The place for .the third prize for the best scoro against the prize winners is a tie between Messrs. R. Maystou and Richardson, Class B, who each score 44 points for it. It will therefore he decided by a match of ilirec games. It is proposed to start another tonmcv shortly, for a trophy to he pre sented by the president of tho cluti, Mr. C. J. Lucas. In consequence of disclosures made in the District Court on tho 21st January last, that gambling was extensively carried on amongst the Chincso resiilcntsin Little Bourke-street, the police magistrate, Sir. Fanton, caused it to be generally notified t hut- the authorities were determined to put down this evil,. and as a warning to others several gamblers were fated £50 each. Tills heavy punishment it was thought .would effectually put. a stop to the practice; but judging from another case brought to light yesterday in the City Court the evil contiuues as had as over, and the heavy fines in flicted by the lieuch are thought very little of by the Chinese. It now remains to he seen, after the very conclusive evidence given by the witness Ah Gock yesterday, in the case against two of his countrymen, what steps the iolicc will take to prosecute the keeper of the gam bling house, -where a robbery is alleged to have taken place on the 10th inst. ' Many complaints are mado day after day of the careless way in which tho business of the City Conrt is transacted, and especially of tho great waste of public time and inconvenience suffered by those who have to attend there. Cases are called on, partly heard, then put back, and recalled, when a "fresh hearing-takes place, followed by two, three or more remanfc. and upon each occasion the same cvidcnac .is repeated over nnd over again ; aqd all this lamentable waste .of people's tiino occurs almost, daily through tho wont of a system similar to that pursued in other large cities, where a record is mado to save, the needless re petition of evidence. When auy case some what serious in its nature is brought forward, in which half a dozen or more witnesses are engaged, nnd the accused refuses to plead guilty, preferring to be tried hv a jury, it is quite a common thing, to see the prisoner brought forward half a dozen times before the court can make up its mind or find time to exa mine him. . On the first occasion the witnesses are not ready, and when they are the police ore pot ; and when both these forces are in readiness, the attorney on one side or the other is not, and when all three are prepared, the. Bench cannot find time to hear the case, yes terday the court sat until five o'clock p.m.. but. "was utterly unable to get through the police list, so much tunc having been wasted early in the day with frivolous Sunday trading cases, which, in breaking down, re flected grave discredit on the police who in stituted them. The usual weekly meeting of the committee of the Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday ; Mr. J. M. Smith presiding. The superintendent reported that Captain Evans, inspector of Charitable institutions, had paid an official visit tn the institution. The amount of contribu tions to the funds of the asylum during the week amounted to £31. Two applicants were admitted 10 the asylum yesterday. The results of the recent examinations for scholarships at the Scotch College were posted yesterday. The two scholarships of the value of 20 guineas each, for hoys under 15 years of age who wore entering the college for the first time, and tenable for one year, have been gained by Francis J. Grev and Stanley C. Jiuuicson. both of whom were successful competitors at the last examination for State school exhibi tions, being returned as equal for first place. Grey was taught- at the Model Schools, of which Mr. Patrick Whytc. M.A.. is head master, and Jamicson at the Yarra Park school, of -which Mr. J. F. Walker is head master. The scholar ships of the annual value of 20 guineas, for hoys who had passed the matriculation exami nation. one -enable for two years and the oilier for one year, have been gained by William II. Steele and John Legge respectively, both of whom are from the Scotch College. Mr. Groom having been so successful in the formation of his Exrc-lsior classes, for the moral advancement- or lads who have no settled oc cupation or abode, has decided to form another class at Richmond this evening. The pro ceedings will commence with a mass meeting at the corner of Hoddle-streot and Bridge-road at seven o'clock, at which addresses will be delivered, after which a start will be made for the hall in Lcnnox-strcct, iu which the classes for the future will bo held and the class formed. Several gentlemen will take part in the pro ceedings, and Mr. Groom is very sanguine of success in this neighborhood. Messrs. Gemmcll. Tuckett and Co. held a sale yesrerdtiy at their rooms of statuary and water color paintings, when there was a very large attendance. The prices realised were hardly np to expectation, although many of the lots were kcculv competed for. The pieces of statuary sold were— Night and Day, £70 per pair; Summer and Autumn statuettes, £27 per pair : Venus kneeling, £16 10s. ; Tuscan Peasant Girl, £16 10s. ; Tea for Grandpa. £10 10s. ; Bust of -Modesty, £12 ; Roman Contadina, £8 ; The First Smoke, £14. Of the wafer color drawings, two landscape draw ings, by R. Kedfern, realised £19 and £21 each : Left in Charge, by Norman Tnvlor, £19 ; The Ghost Story, by R. W. Macbeth, £10 : Interior of Salisbury' Cathedral, by 1). Roberts, £9 ; Reading a Merry Book, by Chevalier B. Gioja, £14 10s. ; Li the Gardeu, by F. Cipola, £8 5s. ; Cibella and Sapho, by Biiuica Boni, £10 10s. each. Mcs-ia. Gcmmcll. Tuckett tuiU Co. will hold a clearing sale of Italian art productions at their rooms, commenc ing at eleven o-clocl: to-day. we are requested to draw attention to nn advertise ment tin another column notifying the sale bv mic tion of n number of itdgs seized by the Dog Insocctor In the city and not claimed. ' flic committee of the St. Kllda Ladles' Benevolent Society report 50 eases relieved weekly for the fortnight ending Wednesday. 18th Februorv, numbering 181 in- dlvluunls, nnd comprising 23 widows, 2 wives whose husbands arc too III to work, 3 descried wives, 13 sick jutd infinn, 5 single women. Outlay for the fortnight, Block's military hand will perform to- dav, at 4 o'clock, t)ic following selections at the Albert Park drive:— Ulilanen March (I.udwlg)., overture. Crown Diamonds (AUber); waltz. Primrose v. Blue (L. L. Lewis); de scriptive Itattlc.Mnrch (Asch) ; selection. Lo Domlna Noir) (Aubcr); waltz. Fairy Palace (Levy); Polonaise (Chopin) ; gulup, Daybreak (Young). 