Meat F ood for Nervous Peoplc. Pomse is good for nervous persons, hut is not easily digested. Wild game is xcellent. Fish is good for nervous people. Eggs boiled just enough to hIarden the white are easily digested. It is a mistake about people eating tooe much. The majority do not eat enough. Ncrvous dyspepsia comes from working too hard and not eating enough. When a man begins to suffer from overwork he should cat plenty of good bread and butter, drink two quarts of milk a day, and eat plenty of good meat. When ouch a person resorts to a vegetable diet he grows weaker and loses his nerve power. Ac a meeting of the Anthropological Insti tute, Mr. lames Gi. Fraser read a poper on "Certain Burial Customs, as illustrative of thp Primitive Theory of the Soul." The ltomons had a custom that when a man who had been reported to have died abroad :re turned home alive, he chould enter his house, not by the door, but over thie roof. This custom (which is still observed in P'ersia) owed its origin to certain primitive beliefs and customs with regard to the dead. The ghost of an unburied man was supposed to haunt and molest the living, especially his relatives. lisence the importance attached to the burial of the dead, and various precautionsa were taken that the ghost should not return. When the body of a dead man could not be found, he was buried in efligy, and this fietitious burial was held to be eoflicient to lay the wandering ghost, for it is a priociple of primitive thought that what is done to the etligy of a man is done to the man himnclf. Tihe Director read a paper by Admiral F. S. T'remlett, on the "Sculptured Dolmens of the blorbihan" (North-west France.) About 00 eculptures had been found, invariablyon tIhe interior surfaces of the cap-stones and their supports. It is remarkable that they are con fined within a distance of about 12 milas,and ,re all situated near the sea-coast, beyond which, although the megaliths are numerous, there is a complete absence of seulptures. The sculptures vary in intricacy, from mimple wave-lines and cup- markings, to some that have teon compared to the tattooing of the NeYw Zealandere.-Knowl.dser e. 