GUNDAGAI POLICE COURT. Tuesday, January 13. Before the P.M., and Messrs. Crowe, Elworthy and Benson, J's. P. E. A. Kibby, landlord of the Commercial Hotel, Muttama, waa summoued by Thomas Walsh for detention of property, viz., a watch and chain, and a gold ring, which he valued ad £13 10s. Mr. Griffin appeared for the prosecu- tor, and Mr. Pitcairn, in the absence of Mr. Perkins, for the accused. It transpired in evi- dence that Kibby had bought the articles from Walsh, and had paid £8 for them, but this was denied by Walsh, who maintained that he had never sold tho articles, but had merely left them, in Kibby's custody for safety. Kibby had ex- changed thewatoh for a gun, which he valued at £5, and still possessed the chain and ring. After carefully reviewing the evidence the Bench ordered Kibby to pay £8 in addition to the money he had already paid to Walsh, to- gether with 21s 4d costs. Thomas Burns, for assaulting Samuel Rat cliff, was find 10s. and 10s lOd costs. A transfer of the license of the- Junotibtt Hotel, Hillas-' Creek, from Edward Donnelly to Robert Williams, was. granted. Db. and Mrs Ogg returned to. Gundagar on ' , Wednesday. We were pleased to see- the Dr., looking so much better. We see by his. ad vertisement that he means to settle down in Gundagai, and will, after the first of February, resume the practice of his- prpfossibo. Wb have had several snake storiss reported1 to us this season, some of them bciug very 'tall' ones indeed, but we can vouoh for tlie following. On Sunday evening about 8 o'clock, the children of Mr. George Smart, of Nangus, were returning from a walk, and not suspecting anything unusual in their path one of the girls about nine years of age, stepped near where a blaok snake lay coiled up in the dust. The reptile instantly wound itself round her ankle, but the action of the child in endeavouring to shake it off kept it from biting her. At length she succeeded, when the reptile directly made straight to the eldest girl and followed her, twice round a tree. Being frightened, the chil dren screamed, but their cries were misunder stood for play by their parents, and it was not till their return home all of a tremble- and as white as ghosts that their danger was known. A oareful. examination proved that Annie was not bitten, but she says the snike "plucked her hard" round the ankle. Messbb. Mort and Co., Sydney, reported by telegraph on Wednesday as follows :— Ouf oata- . logue for this week's wool sale oomprised 2300':, balea.'and at auotion and privately wehavesojd '?''. 1700 bales ranging up to lOJd for greasy and 18d for washed fleece. ' ' The heat of the weather during the put week has been above the average, and although' thertt m have been a few thunder-showers, they have not much cooled the atmosphere. On Tuesday our' thermometer read 103'; on Wednesday 96'; and - yesterday 101- in the shade. ? . .'-, Yestbbiuy morning when the Kstrio't Court opened the plaintiff in the aotion' of Bailoy v. Walker, to recover £195 10s for money disbursed in promoting the Gundagai Herald at its inception, stated that an offer of. settlement of tbe remaining cases between Walker and Bailey bad been made, which he indignantly declined? The offer was that ' both parties sbniild 'agree to withdraw further ? proceedings. Subsequently tbe judge non- . suited tbe plaintiff, so that the aoceptonoe of the offer would have been -more profitable.; particularly as tbe judge declined to bear the remaining esses — Walker and Co. v. Bailey, fork store account -amounting to £103, and . Bailey v. Walker fur slander, damages £200 —and ordered them to be brought on at ttt nut court before n jury. - ' ? Ddmno the Wring 'of the Walker and Baileycasea in the District Court on Wednes day it tranepired that the Gundagai Herald ' bad never been reeiatered as required by the Newspaper Aot. The penalties for «uoh an omission are very' severe, and probably more will be heard or the matter. A pleasant surprise was given to Mrs.- J. W. Baxter, of the Nnngns Creek Pnblio School, on the 13th ihstnnt, when the Misses May Pollack and Sarah Angel presented her with a heautiful gold locket, the joint offering of all the cchnolgirla as a mark of their love and appreciation of her efforts no workmistress. Mrs. Baxter, in thanking the girls for their unexpected gift, said she should prize it more for the love which prompted it than for its intrinsic worth, and trusted the girls would find as mnoh pleasure in their work in the future as teacher and scholars had done in the past. Tea sittings of the Tumnt District Court commence this morning at 1 1 o'clock, Judge Farbea having postponed them from yesterday in consequence of the large amount of bnai- ' ness to be got though at Gundagai. Mb Chabi.es Wilub, late Public school teacher at Rockymouth has been presented with a purse of sovereigns and a complimen tary address by ths inhabitants of that town, i on leaving to take charge of the Public school *' at Tnmut.';MS: Vflllis was1»l«d the reoipient of a flower-aland from the girls. Toe Snowy Mountains are overcrowded with sheep, and unless rain falls during the next month the grass for the winter on the Monaro Plains is out of all thought. A baby was born in one of the carriages of the express from Sydney to Melbourne the other day. The new land law officials are now all ap pointed ; and, so far as they are known, they appear to he a very capable class of men. We notice that James A. South, the well known theatrical manager has filed his ' schedule with liabilities exceeding £600, and assets under £100. ' The jury in the Coffee Palace fire returned a verdict of murder and arson against some person unknown. ? Things Worth Knowing.— That J. B. Engelen has got the largest and choicest brands of American and Colonial Tobaccos ; aud what is motSlo tbe point, he sells them cheaper than ar^othe^fijBaoooniot in town.— ThJfctaitoarthe largest' ond best stook of Meersohuun/ Briar-' -wood and all other kinds of Pipes, Cigar and Cigarette holders, in the district, and can sell them cheaper than any other house. — That he has the largest and choicest stock of Fancy ' Goods in the town, comprising everything from a Needle to an Anchor, and as he imports direct, can sell 25 per cent, less than others in the trade, and give his customers the benefit. His stook of Clocks, Gold and Silver Watches and Jowollory cannot bs surpassod in the Southern Districts. For a few of the leading prices look at my standing . advertisement Don't Forgot! ,J. B. Engelen, Emporium, ODDOsite the Commercial Bank. — Adv. A CASE occurred at the Small Debts Court, Goulburn (says the Aryia) on Tuesday, whioh 'was disposed of after a mariner that should serve as a caution to those who have transactions with travelling companies. Mr. James Main lent Miss Lanyon, who with her tronpe visited Goulburn a short time baok, some £2. After a 'MkltLPflitwrn in town the party left, but the account remained. . The worthy host of the Odd fellows' Hotel expected a settlement later on, but seeing it was hoping against hope to expeot this attention to his claim, he at last decided to take out a summons, which was returnable last Tuesday. To add to the annoyauce and trouble which were already caused in connection with the affair, Mr. Main found out that the law was powerless to assist him in his effort to recover the debt, as through the defendant hav ing no fixed place of abode the court had no jurisdiction in the matter. The P.M. remarked that those who trust people of the olass to which defendant belongs must put up with the risk. This is all very well, but buisness people are in a measure obliged to make risks, and if they do bo they should ba protected in somn way against those who take advantage of the consideration shown them. Holloway's Ointment.— Sores, Wounds, TJI-1 cerations, and other diseases affeoting the skin are capable of speedy amendment by thisjooo^ing sind Uahng unguent, which has oalledfort^ the louifiaVpWse from persons who had s«fls|uil for years from bad legs, abscesses, and.fbhronio ulcers, after every hope of oure had long passed away. None bnt those who have experienced the soothing effect of this Ointment can form an idea of the oomfort it bestows by restraining inflammation and allaying pain. Whenever Holloway's Ointmont has been once used it has established its own worth and has again been eagerly sought for as the easiest and safest for all- ulcerous oomplaiuts. In neuralgia, rheumatism and gont, the same application, prpperljnued, gives wonderful telief.— Adv. ? In Melbourne last week the polibe magistrate fined a dairymen twenty sovereigns for having ?old watered milk. The following day he fined another dairyman ten sovereigns for a, similar offenoe'i as he considered it a mean oontemptible fraud/whereby ohildren and ths poor were the sufferers* A Card.— To all who are suffering from the errors and indiscretions of youth, nervous J*ak nejf e^y^o^ay, low of manhood, &o.;, £jriU s#Bd*»»O}rjefluU will oure yoa,|re*of «^a|^e. Ibis groafrfhedy was discovered bjr a misston-. ary in South America.1' Send a self-addressed envelope and sixpence to prepay postage to the Rev. Joseph T. Inman, Station D, New York City, TI.S.A.— Adv. . . ... Thb general' wheat average this season throughout South Australia is estimated at' ten bushels per acre. The estimate of the Yiotoriau wheat orop i» about 9$ bushels pet aore. Electrical in its effect, acoepted in its strictest sense, and applied to any remedial agent, is rathsr^i* perjudioal qualifloatiofa. Common seaK, ApudUtestho idea of a our* tbit isln staptineous, and eleotrioity isa mojieawgjaall. Comparatively speaking, it may be useif with, propriety, and in this sense it is introduood^in connection with Udolpho Wolfo's Schiodam Arooatio Sohnappi whioh, performs its various ofltotf with remarkable promptitude,— Adv. The most remarkablo feature in the mining returns of New South Wales during the past year has been the large increase in the out-put of coal and decrease in the yield of gold. A beautiful painting.— Mr. G. (J. Green, of Woodbnry, Now Jersey, U.S.A., is presenting to druggists and others in this country some verr fine pictures in oil of his magnificent hojnsejaid^gronnds and laboratory at thaTplace. Mr. grooa^iajfce proprietor of Boschee's C%man Syrup andfGreen's August Flowor?.tatj very valuable medicines, which are meeting with great favour, the first as a remedy for Pulmon ary complaints, and the latter for Dyspepsia and disorders of the Liver. These preparations have attained an immense sale solely on their superior merits and are sold by all druggists throughout the world. The price is the same for eaqh, 3s 6d per bottle; or sample bottles for 6d. The sample bottles enable sufferers to prove their value at a trifling cost. — Adv. As St Leon's circus was being drivenTinto Taokandandah last week, the horses in the tiger carriage took fright at the camels and bolted, upsetting the carriage. A son of Mr. Freeman narrowly escaped being killed, the oarriage having.fallen on him. ? Throat Affections and Hoarseness.— AU suf fering from irritation of the throat and hoarse ness will be agreeably surprised '?tuthAJalmoati immediate relief afforded by the use of ' Brown' Bronchial Troches.' These famous ' lscengea ' are/now) sol* by most reapectabletjymists in t)fissouttr^atf{sL,1idperbox. Fesfsatrfutied, with a ' hacking cough,' a 'feu'ghKootaY,*l'qf' bronchial affections, cannot tryftem too soap as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, re sult in sorious pulmonary and asthmatio alfoc tions. See that the words ' Brown's Bronchial Troches' are on the Government Stamp abound each box. Prepared by John I. Brown & Sons, Boston, U.S. European depot removed to 33 Farringdon- road. — Ady. Floriline!— For the Teeth and Breath.— A few /drops of the liquid 'Floriline '[^sprinkled on £ wet tqpthrbrush produces a plotgat Isihsr wf iqji ?th^rodshly cleanses the Jeotlf^trqej.ajl jiaraslies orAmpurities, hardens ti»-£Uma~ pre vents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teefk a peculiar pearly- whiteness, and a delightfujpfra grance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. The ' Fragrant Floriline,' being com posed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet dis covery of the age. Price 2s 6d, of all chemists and perfumers. Wholesale depot removed to 33 Farringdon-road, London. — Adv. Faot — Close confinement and careful attention to all factory work gives the operatives pallid fages^poorjppetites, languid, miserable feeHS^s, po*or?bloo6J,.inaotive liver, kidney ^ Jfi., and all tte physicians and medicine in the World tamnot help them unless they get out of doors or use Hop Bitters. None need Buffer if they will use it freely.— Adv. 