THE CEREMONY commenced shortly after 10 o'clock a.m. Dr. Murray (Maitland), was consecrating bishop, and he was assisted by Bishops Lanigan (Goul burn), and Torregiani (Armidale), Archpriest Sheehy, Very Rev. J. Carroll, Administrator of the Diocese of Sydney, and others, and these, with their attendants, having entered the Ca thedral, the officiating bishops being fully robed, the rite of consecration was entered upon. The Bishop-elect having been presen ted to the Consecrator with the words — ' Most Rev. Father, our Holy Mother tlie Catholic Church demands that you elevate this priest here present to the responsible ollice of Bishop,' the Apostolic Mandate (or Bull of the Pope) was read aloud, and tho Bis'iop-eleet Unelt ana took the proscribed oath of obedience, lidelity, and devotion to tho Holy Father. Then fol lowed a lengtliyjcxaiuinution on tho several points of faith and morals of the Catholic Church, the Bishop-elect replying by repeating ' Ciei/o' at the close of each question. Tho Conlitcor having been said the Bishop-elect was conducted to a side altar, where he was vested in his episcopal robes, and returning, he, and the consecrator celebrated mass, each at his own altar. Tho end of the tract utter tho epistle having been road the Bishop-elect is thus addressed by tho Consocnitor : — It is the duty of a Bishop to judge, to interpret, to consecrate, to ordain, to oiTer, to baptise, and to confirm,' aftor which all present were in vited by thu Consecrator to join with him in prayer ' that the benignity of Almighty God providing for tho benefit of the Church would bestow the abundance of His Grace upon this elect. The Litany of the Saints was then sung, tho bishops kneeling and Dr. Byrne lying prostrate meanwhile. At, the conclusion of the Ijitanv the Bishop-elect knelt boforo the Con secrator, who placed tlie open Gospel-book upon his neck and shoulders — this boing in dicative of tho bearer having been chosen to carry the name of Jesus and His holy teachings before kings and nations, being himself though bishop, subject to a higher law, and tho teauh ing of tho Gospel. Then followed tho laying on of hands, tho officiating bishops saying ' lleceivo tho Holy Ghost,' and tho anointing of tho hands and head of the elect with chrism. The crozier was then blessed by the Consecrator and handed to him, with the words : — ' lteceivetho staff of tho pastoral office, that in the correction of vice thou mayost temper justice with mercy, holding judgment without wrath, mayest soothe the minds of the hearers by cherishing virtue, and mayest not neglect tho strictness of discipline through love for tranquility.' Tho ring was next presented, after being blessed, and in placing it on the finger of tho Bishop elect the Consecrator said: — 'Take this ring as a token of fidelity ; so that, being adorned with inviolate faith, thou mayost, without stain, guard the spouse of God — to wit, His Holy Church.' Tho Gospel-book was then romovou from his shoulders and delivered to him with tho commission : ' Kecoive tho Gospel ; go preach to the people committed to thy care ; for God is all powerful ; that He may increase to thee His grace, who livoth and roignoth world without end.' Being now regarded as their brother, tho Consecrator and assistant bishops gave him tho kiss o£ peace. Tlion followed the sermon, reported below, and tho offertory having boon taken, tho nowlycon socratod bishop kneels beforo tho Consecrator and offers two lighted tapors, two ornamontod loaves, and two ornamontod barrels of wine. The mass is then continued by the Consecrator and the Bishop-elect at tho same altar, each having his own missal, read ing and doing everything together, although there was only one Host and Chalice. At the end of tho Mass tho Consecrator placed the mitre upon Dr. Byrne's head and the gloves upon his hands, and he was then oonduotod by the officiating bishops to tho episcopal throne, where the crosier was placed in his hand. Then turning toward the altar the Consecrator intoned the Tc JJciim and while it was con tinued by tho choir the assistant Bishops con ducted the new bishop through the Cathedral, ho bestowing as he passed his blessing upon the peoplo who kneeled to recoive it. lieturn ing to tho altar steps Dr. Byrne for tho first time imparted the apostolic benediction, and the kiss of peace having again been given the last Gospel was said, and the proceedings closed. 