PRICES IN A PROTECTIONIST COUNTRY. Every now and then Mr. J. A. North- more's statistical resources are reinforced by fresh supplies of information ; now it is from the San Francisco News Letter, now from some other source equally trust- worthy. In to-day's issue appears his latest effusion, which in justice to him we are bound to say has been withheld from publication for several days owing to special demands on our space. "Now, Sir," Mr. Northmore asks, with that dra- matic flourish which he always seeks to affect, "I should be much obliged if you would enlighten me how the United States public have been injured by 'over protection,' and how it came about that in a country oppressed by 'over-protection' to the tune of 25 per cent. copper was nearly £4 per ton less than in a country enjoying the blessings of free trade." The occasion of this request for information is a statement made by our New York correspondent to the effect that mineowners had by means of the duty on copper obtained a higher price than they would other wise have been able to demand. Mr. Northmore says that the price of copper in America in 1881 was nearly £4 per ton less than in England, but is it ignorance or disingenuousness which makes him assert that "in free trade England the price of copper in the same year was £68 per ton?" He cannot surely be unaware of the fact that the price of copper fluctuates, and that it varies greatly according to the place from which it comes. The Times in sum- marizing the trade of the year 1881 said that the price of copper, "which was quoted about £62 per ton at the begin- ning of the year, is now £70 per ton." The average price of copper in the United States in 1881 was not £64 6s. 6d. or anything like it. Mr. Northmore, in fact, is wrong in nearly every particular throughout his letter. He is wrong in stating the price of copper, and he is wrong in giving the percentage of the duty upon the imported article. The report of the Bureau of Statistics for 1881 showed that the total exports of copper in the unmanufactured state from America amounted to 2,171 tons, and the value to $780,860, say £157,372. This gives a little over £72 per ton as the average declared value of copper in the United States. The figures here given are actual Custom- house returns, and not mere estimates as Mr. Northmore's are. In America the average price of copper in 1881 was £72 per ton, and in England about £65 or £66, these figures denoting the standard values. Then, again, the duty placed under the heading "Copper and Manufactures of Copper" is 34.52 per cent., and our correspondent in mentioning 25 per cent, referred not to 1881 but to some fifteen years ago. The duty is a fixed one. Mr. Northmore, in discussing this matter, falls into the same fallacy as did Messrs. Christmas and Harvey in ad- vocating a State subsidy to the Wallaroo Mines. He states that the value of the copper raised in 1881 in the United States was $102,000, 000, "without the enhanced price of $25,500,000 which your corre- spondent's statement left it to be under- stood the public had been 'robbed' of by those unrighteous Protectionists." On this theory it would appear that every thing which is taken out of the earth is pure gain. Thus, if a gold-mining Company make £100,000 by working quartz giving a pennyweight to the ton, and taxing the rest of the community to make up for their losses the country must be the richer by £100,0C0. This is really the idea whioh is at the bottom of all protectionist theories. The Protectionist believes that certain sections of the com munity should have the privilege of working at things which, so far as the ceuntiy is concerned, may be abso lutely unprofitable, while the rest oC the community are to be taxed to make good the loasj and usually something else into the bargain. In the case of tlio Wallaroo miners the question arose, ' Could not a lot of them be better em ployed than in working copper at a loss '-' and essentially the same question arises when it is proposed to tax the people for the support of particular sections of capitalists and workers. America is eminently a producing: country. Its agricultural and mineral resources are only as yet very imper- ' fectly tested. Copper, for instance, is. now found in numerous places where its existence was at one time unsuspected It is as absurd to suppose that in such a case protection has anything to do with the new discoveries that have been made a3 it would be to imagine that the introduc tion of the Bessemer steel process owes its origin to protective duties. Of the total exports of America, which in 1834 amounted in value to §724,904,852, no less than §536,315,318 represents the value of agricultural products. The proportion varies from year to year, but it may be said in general terms that from 74 to 81 per cent, of the total exports of the United, t States are agricultural products. If to these be added the value of mineral products, which are largely ex ported, the value of exports of manufactures will appear very small indeed— in fact, not more than 10 per cent, of the whole. The proportion, of the manufacturing working population to the whole number is less than 7 per cent. It is obvious then that the United States owe their advance almost entirely tc the natural resources of the soil. The immediate products of the land are nearly all cheap as compared with those of other countries. Beef, butter, coffee, flour,, lard, mutton, pork, potatoes can all be had in New York at lower prices than in London. Tliis fact has often been cited as proving the blessings of the policy ef putting duties on manufactures. Could anything be more absurd than . such an argument ? The cheap ness of natural products indicates that the abundance and comparative cheapness of land is the true basis upon. which the comfort of the people depend. But the advantage thus gained is enor- mously discounted by the taxes im- posed upon manufactures of all kinds. In 1884 the value of dutiable goods imported into the United States was $456,275,124, and the duties on these articles reached the enormous figure of $195,067,490. The previous year, owing to greater prosperity, the duties amounted to $214,706,497. Eoughly speaking, the taxes on manu- factures may be stated at two hundred million dollars, or forty millions sterling. Estimating the number of non-manu- facturing adult workers in the country at about 8,000,000, it would appear that on the average every such bread- winner is taxed through the Customs to the extent of about £5. But from a comparison of the values of home manu- factures with imports it may be inferred that the home-made goods, whose values would be influenced by protection, are worth at least three times the im- ports, so that the actual cost of protection to the non-manufacturing population must be to every work- ing man more nearly £20 than £5 per annum. This is, we believe, the actual result brought out by a careful enquiry into the subject. Sir. Macgeorge in his address at Jamestown made no attempt to deal with the subject of prices in a protectionist country. He said a good deal about protection in its relation to farmers, but two things he did not show, namely, how new duties are to be imposed upon what the farmer uses without increasing prices ; and how any duties collected at Adelaide can raise the value of wheat and produce in the markets of the world. If his words have any real meaning at all, it is that the land as a source of income is a broken reed to lean upon. Yet we have Mr. Darling telling the Assembly that the people should go out on to the land, for too many of them crowd into the city. One thinks the city is too small, another thinks it is too large. If our farmers and working men generally want to be taxed to the extent of several pounds per head annually for the benefit of 5 or 6 per cent, of the population they had better support a tariff on the principles followed in the United States. ENGLAND AND RUSSIA.— Mr. Gladstone a week ago expressed the opinion that it would be premature as yet to regard all danger of war between England and Russia at an end. He, of course, had evety opportunity of forming a judgment on the matter, and the justice of his con- clusion is amply proved by the present aspect of affairs. So long as Mr. Glad- stone continued in power Russia could count upon having to do with a man, if not in sympathy with her, at all events with no special antipathy towards her. At the time when Lord Beaconsfield adopted a defiant tone in dealing with Russia, and gave the impression that he was pre- pared to enforce his words by blows, no one opposed his attitude more strongly than Mr. Gladstone, and this fact cannot have been forgotten by Russia. Besides this, the liberal leader detests war with an intense hatred, and would resort to it only in extremities. Even in his splendid speech when asking for the vote of credit, he took care to show that only if all other means failed was he prepared to try the last resource. Now that the Queen has definitely accepted his resignation and sent for Lord Salisbury the look of things is greatly changed. Assuming that the leader of the Con- servatives will take office before a dissolu- tion — and it is far from certain that he will — the negotiations between England and Russia will ba carried on by quite another kind of man, and in a totally different spirit. Lord Salisbury can hardly follow in Mr. Gladstone's wake, because he has committed himself by speeches of a warlike tone, and also because a pacific policy is not the dis- tinguishing feature of Conservative Go vernments. Unless Parliament i3 dissolved he will be in a minority in the Coinmon3, and he is not more likely to put himself in a false position than Mr. Disraeli was in 1874. The probable result of Lord Salisbury's deliberations will be his refusal at this stage to form an Administration, and tlii3 will necessitate Mr. Gladstone's return to power. For the present, then, negotiations 'between England and Russia have been suspended. If Mr. Gladstone resumes office a settle ment, which will secure peace for the pre sent, will doubtless be made. An item in our telegraphic columns shows that Eussia ia making preparations for the trouble v/hich might ensue in the event of Lord Salisbury's forming a Ministry. 'l'he squadron which she had destined for service in the Pacific has been retained in the Ealtic. Russia evidently fore sees that Sir Geoffrey Hornby!3 fleet might soon be under orders for service if the Conservatives were in power, and she i3 determined not to be caught napping, The extreme difficulty of the position is further illus trated by the telegram detailing the affront offered to English war vessels by the Eussian Admiral Crown at Yokohama. It appears that he deliberately brought his guns to bear on them, and the only explanation he vouchsafes is that he suspected sini3tsr de signs. The Eussian Government can hardly smooth over this affront in the way they are trying to smooth over the complications caused by the action of General Komaroff. Here, if the account is correct, their officer was cer tainly the aggressor, and Eussia can only show her disapproval of hi3 conduct by repudiating it and censuring him. Though this affair happened more than a month ago no apology, so far as is known, has yet been offered. England is placed at a serious . disadvantage by a Ministerial crisis at thi3 juncture, and the sooner an end 13 put to it one way or the other the better it will be for her interests. THE TRAGEDY AT NORTH ADELAIDE. — The inquest on the victims of the North Adelaide tragedy adds but little to the information previously placed before our readers. The verdict of the Jury of course could scarcely have been other than it was, namely, that Mrs. Lines and O'Connor had been murdered and that Lines had committed suicide. The frequently adopted plan of extenuating the severity of a verdict of suicide by adding that the victim was temporarily insane has not on this occasion been resorted to. It is as well that the simple verdict should remain as it is. No doubt the father of Lines was able to give some evidence pointing to the conclusion that his unfortunate son had received injuries to his head through being thrown from a horse, and that ever since that event the young fellow had been an altered man. But yet the fact remains that the murderer went about his deadly work in a calm and deliberate manner. In addressing the police-constable at the gate of Government House he showed nothing that could be interpreted as insanity. Indeed, through- out the whole episode he seems to have been remarkably calm and collected. It is possible that an injury to his head might have made the young man more amenable to the passions of anger and jealousy than he had hitherto been. But the true mental history of the murderer will probably never be known. The old father, with whom every one must sympathize in his terrible trial of losing his son and having his wife thrown into a dangerous illness at one fell blow, certainly gave his evi- dence in a clear and straightforward manner. But there is at the same time some inconsistency. One natu- rally wishes to find out which of the two was originally to blame— the husband or the wife. Did Lines drive his wife to desperation, or was the first fault on the woman's part? The father has evidently been greatly incensed at his daughter-in- law, for even in death he disowns her. Yet he admits that for some time after their marriage the young couple lived happily together. The young man also admitted before his death that the cause of his wife's infidelity was to be found in his own loose conduct. Evidently, therefore, the root of all the evil was the fact that the man was infected with the very pernicious idea that in marriage fidelity is a debt that is owing only by the wife and not by the husband. Living a loose life himself, he had not imagined what he would have felt if his wife had followed his example ; and when she did give way to wrong impulses, then for the first time he learned that the fidelity of the woman he had married was far more to him than he had ever imagined his fidelity would be to her. In the first instance when he dis- covered his wife's misconduct he seems to have condoned it. But she was by that time too infatuated to repent or turn back. He had passed through the experience of a guilty passion himself, and had it may be to some extent recovered his moral balance. But she at the time of the tragedy was in the midst of a similar experience, and the trial which he had imposed upon her he found was more than he could bear. No more striking picture of the miseries of loose living has ever been presented by the annals of tragic occurrences. It would be interesting to know what value the un fortunate woman really ' attached in the note from her husband purporting to re lease her from the marriage bond. Of course it was absolutely without effect; but it is conceivable that she attached weight to it as relieving her somewhat from the obligations of her marriage vows. THE DIVINING-ROD. — Mr. Gerber else- where dissents from some of our recent remarks on the subject of his experi- ments near Quorn. We refer to his letter principally for the purpose of removing an erroneous impression which his read- ing of our under-leader has given him. He protests 'against being called a ' con juror' or thrust into the ranks of people who say and do things intentionally which they do not mean.' Our very first sentence should have proved to him that we had no thought of imputing his actions to unworthy motives. That sentence ran — 'Mr. Gerber, who has evidently the sincerest belief in his magic rod, has been trying experi ments in the neighbourhood of Quorn.' To say that a man sincerely believes in anything is surely not an impu tation that he intentionally says and does things which he does not mean. We firmly believe Mr. Gerber to be a tho roughly honest and conscientious man. We certainly used the word ' con juror,' but a quotation of the sen tence will show that the word was not employed in any invidious or un complimentary sense. 'If all who want water,' we said, 'nieet with the same success by using the rod, the colony may well congratulate itself on the posses sion of so beneficent a conjuror as Mr. Gerber will then have proved himself to be.' It is to be noted we do not say that Mr. Gerber is a conjuror; but tli at if certain things happen he will have proved himself to be a conjuror — and a beneficent conjuror. Mr. Gerber docs not well to be angry. He has no more right to resent a title used in such a spirit than Sir Walter Scott had when Professor Wilson called him ' The Great Magician.' In neither case were bad motives or unworthiness of conduct imputed. It ha3 given us the greatest pleasure to record from time to time Mr. Gerber's tests in rhabdomancy, and to-day will be found in our columns a letter from Mr. N. A. Knox which gives some striking facts as to the success of Mr. Gerber's endeavours to point out the whereabouts of subterraneous supplies of water. The errors which appeared in our account of the result of searches for water in the North under Mr. Gerber's instruc tions we regret, and we shall be only too happy to give publicity to any further evi dence that may be forthcoming that the divining- rod has been used with effect in indicating to people in the arid North where they ought to dig for the precious fluid. TAXING THE SEAMEN'S HOME.—Muni- cipal decisions are not always in accord with common sense. Consistency in deed seems to be as rarely found as aimed at, and too often the object of Councillors appears to be not to prove which is the right course to pursue, but to justify a line of conduct they have deter- mined upon prior to any reasoning on the subject. The Port Corporation have fcr some weeks past been discussing whether the Prince Alfred Sailors' Home was rateable property, and they have after all decided as at the outset to demand the rates. This decision would be intelligible if it were consistent. In the course of the last debate it was elicited that the Masonic Hall had been exempted from rates for four years. It is hard to understand that a diffe rence exists between the two institu tions sufficient to justify any distinction in the matter of rates. Both are professedly benevolent in their aims. It was candidly admitted that the Sailors' Home had done good and was worthy of support. There is one difference between the Home and the Hall to the advantage of the former, for it is a fact that the Government has by subsidies recognised the former as a public boon. Yet the Corpora- tion, without any acknowledgment of error in continuing to exempt the Masonic property, have persisted in imposing burdens on the Sailors' Home Committee at a time when they are ill able to bear them. The secret of the Council's action is probably to be found in the feeling which certain boardingmasters have stirred up against the Home by representing it as a common lodging-house. The Council have gone so far as to rank it as such and to demand payment of the fee accordingly. Considering that the Hotne owes its origin largely to the generosity of those oulside the Port, who wish to evidence a kindly feeling towards the town and towards its seamen, such conduct is, to put it mildly, unfair. It cannot be said the Home exists as a source of profit to its founders or Managers. It is not sufficient to urge against this that the Superintendent, who is the servant of the com- mittee, receives a pecuniary benefit through its operations. Such an argu- ment might with equal force apply to the keeper of the Masonic Hall, because he gets payment for what he is in the habit of doing. No one knows better than a Port Councillor that the Sailors' Home is needed. In spite of the late pro- secution and the improvement through the Marine Board granting the Superintendent of the Home a runner's licence, crimping still prevails to a large extent. Owing to the languishing state of the funds the operations of the Home are restricted. In the presence of the practice to exempt benevolent institutions it is certainly strange that in the chief port of the colony the Sailors' Home Com mittee—a body of voluntary workers who have done so much __ in several ways to checkmate crimping, raise the: standard of boarding-house3, and improve the tone of sailors — should be. thus unsympathetically treated by. the very fathers of the town. THE NEW MINISTRY.— Mr. J. W. Downer has at length succeeded in fulfilling the task allotted to him by His Excellency the Governor with regard to the formation of a Ministry. The new team will consist of the following genflemen :— Attorney-General and Premier, Mr. J. W. Downer, Q.C. ; Chief Secretary, Hon. J. B. Spence ; Treasurer, Mr. Simpson Newland; Commissioner, of Crown Lands, Mr. J. H. Howe ; Commis sioner of Public Works, Mr. J. Darling; and Minister of Education, Dr. Cockburn. At half -past 6 on Monday evening Mr. Downer announced the names of his Govern ment to His Excellency, and the new Minis ters will be sworn in this morning at half past 11 o'clock. On the meeting of the House of Assembly this afternoon Mr. Downer will make a statement relative to the ptrbonnel of his team to hon. members, and will then ask for the usual adjournment of a fortnight to enable himself and his colleagues to formu late their policy. A similar duty will be performed in the Upper House by the Chief Secretary. TO-DAY'S PARLIAMENT.— The business in both Houses to-day will probably be trans- acted in a very short time. At the onset the announcements of Ministerial changes will be made— in the Assembly by Mr. Downer, and in the Council by the Government repre- sentative. There are a good many entries in the Notice-paper of the Lower House, and a few upon that of the Council ; but as the Governmental changes may alter the whols course of business it is not necessary to specify them. DEPARTURE OF THE AUSTRAL.— The sail- ing of the s.s. Austral has been post- poned till noon to- day, owing to the rough- ness of the weather, and the mails will close at 9 o'clock. Passengers are reminded that they must embark per steamtug leaving Port Adelaide on arrival of the 9.35 train this morning. In our third page we republish the abstract of South Australian and inter- colonial news, with additions up to date. THE RAINFALL.— The long-deferred rain has at last come, and agriculturists have experienced the satisfaction of witnessing the heaviest fall which the colony has had this year. Our Northern correspondents have repeatedly referred to the necessity for water-carting even at this late period of the season, and last week's letters, which re- corded a slight downpour, spoke of the soil being so dry that running water was un- known in the region of the dams. Latterly, however, heavy and continuous rain and roueh winds have prevailed. Elsewhere we publish a telegraphic record showing that the North has participated in the welcome change. In some places in the city and suburbs the watertables have been un- able to carry off the surplus water, and low- lying footpaths in one or two localities are submerged. After a three days' rain this of course was inevitable. On Monday evening the Fayneham-road presented an unusual sight owing to the heavy downpour. In places the road was nearly submerged for a breadth of from 10 to 12 feet, the pith itself was under water, and a flood rushed down the watertables. Last night being hi^h- water springs the tide was very high, the gauge at the Semaphore giving 28 feet. Had the gale been blowing from the south-west instead of the north-west ths Glanville embankment would have been submerged. The tide, how ever, came within about 2 feet of the top, and broke through at one place. The Corporation labourers, however, were on the spot, and quickly stopped the water before any damage had been done. The water overflowed Hawker's Creek, and in consequence Bucknall and Exmouth roads were flooded ankle deep. At Port Adelaide the tide wasagain exceptionally high, reaching within 2 feet of the top of the wharfs. The drains being in many places choked, the drainage of the streets was thrown back, one portion of Lipson-street being covered till the tide receded. TELEGRAPH NOTICES.— A railway tele- graph station is now open at Jericho, Queensland. Advices from Hongkong notify that communication with Canton is restored. THE NORTH ADELAIDE TRAGEDY.— The inquest on the bodies of the victims in the late North Adelaide tragedy was resumed and concluded by the City Coroner on Monday, June 15. There was nothing fresh elicited beyond what has already been published except the evidence given by Police-constable Molloy. This witness deposed to meeting Lines, in company with hia wife and O'Connor, coming down King William-road, in the direction of . North Adelaide, shortly after 9 o'clock on ? Friday morning, the day on which the murder was committed. The constable at the time was on guard at Government House, but Lines having formed an acquaintance . with him some months previously when stationed at the Burra, went up and spoke to him. O'Connor and the woman had in the mean time also stopped, and Lines said to Molloy, 'That is my wife and a chap named O'Connor. She has run away with him and they are living at North Adelaide. I am going up to their house to see them ia it.' The conversation wa3 heard Dy the other pair, who were only three yards away. The three of them then left,' and to all appearances they were on good terms, talking very quietly. Some two hoars later on the same morning Lines again returned to Molloy, and said he had been to North Adelaide and had seen them in the house together, adding that he had a good mind to shoot his wife. The constable, however, only took the threat as a casual remark, and paid no heed to it. Lines shortly afterwards bade him "good-by," intimating that it was his intention to return to the Burra by the afternoon train. During the whole of the two conversations Lines was very calm, and his appearance did not give the police-constable the slightest idea that he intended to commit the awful deed. The Jury returned a verdict that "the deceased Maurice O'Connor and Elizabeth Lines were wilfully murdered by Alfred Lines, and that the said Alfred Lines committed suicide by shooting himself." GENERAL GORDON, THE LATEST OF ENG- LAND'S HEROES.— A bird'seye view of the late General Gordon's life was provided in a well delivered lecture by Mr. J. Crawford Hiscox, of the Independent College, Melbourne, at the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Adelaide, on Monday evening, June 15. Mr. John Darling, M.P., presided, and in spite of the unpropitious weather there was a fair attendance. The programme opened with a pianoforte solo, 'Carnival de Venice,' by Mr. E. S. Hall, and an appropriate duet, ' Love and War,' by Messrs. Hender and Sharland. The lec turer won the sympathy of the audience from the first by the forcible contrast he drew between Gordon's utter' disregard of wealth and worldly pleasures and the spirit of those persons who desired above all things to obtain these fleeting vanities. He remarked that it was most gratifying to turn onr thoughts to a man like Gordon, when we could not but know that there were men in our midst occupying high positions whose private characters would not bear inspection —men whose 1 ives were a detestable lie. In an age when law-makers were often the first to break the laws they had made, it was a grand sight to behold a man the purity of whose private life shone with the greater brilliance on closer inspection. (Applause.) The family history, appearance, and manner of Gordon were described, and the lecturer then gave instances of his fearlessness and untiring perseverance when facing difficulties. The story of the General's doings In the Crimea, in China, and in the Soudan and other places waa narrated in graphic language. The lecturer closed by relating the incidents con nected with the General's despatch to Khar- toum, his heroic defence of the town, and his death through treachery. He lamented the fact that the English Government, at a time when Gordon might have been able to rescue the Soudan from the reign of the Madhi, shut its eyes to truths that seemed patent to the eyes of everybody else, and that such disastrous results had followed the delay. (Applause.) The moral lessons taught by the biography of the noble hero were pointed out very impressively, and the lecture throughout was listened to with the closest attention. The lecture was divided into two parts, the interval being pleasingly filled by Messrs. Tweeddale and Sharland, who respectively sang "The Old Brigade" and "The Bellringer," and Mr. E. S. Hall, who gave a pianoforte solo entitled "La Violette." An entertaining and in- structive evening terminated by the audience singing the National Anthem. THE SOCIETY OF ARTS.— The seventeenth annual Exhibition of this Society will be opened on Saturday afternoon next to the general public. The Society has secured suitable and convenient premises in Bundle street a few doors from King William-street. The Exhibition-room has been specially coloured to set off the many works of art to the best advantage. We are informed that His Excellency the Governor will open the Exhibition on Saturday at noon. FIELD NATURALISTS.— The members and friends of the Field Naturalists' Section of the Royal Society will meet this evening to witness a practical demonstration in the art of taxidermy by Mr. George Beazley, of the Adelaide Museum. We understand that some of the members of the club have gone out with guns and other weapons for the purpose of securing specimens of birds and other animals for illustrating the subject. MEETING OF CARPENTERS.— In response to an advertisement about twenty-five car- penters assembled at the Bristol Tavern, Franklin-street, on Monday evening, June 15, to consider the best means to be adopted to enforce an adherence to the rate of wages and other matters arranged between employers and employes in the building trade as affecting carpenters. On November 8, 1882, an arrangement was arrived at between the employers' and employes' committees that the following rules should guide the two parties in their transactions, viz. :— " The standard rate of wages to be 10s. per day of eight hours for competent trades- men. That forty-eight hours constitute a week's labour. Overtime.— That time be allowed up to fifty hours, time and quarter for next three hours, and time and half up till starting time next morning. When the workman is required to travel more than one mile from his employer's premises time shall be allowed for walking up to three miles ; when the distance exceeds three miles the em ployer Bhall either provide a conveyance to the works or pay the workman's fare to the nearest point, or pay the sum of Is. per day as lodging money. That no beer nor other intoxicating drinks nor smoking be allowed in the workshops or yards, or on any building during working hours. That as far as practicable workmen shall be discharged at the end of the week, and not less than two hours' notice given on either side. In cases where wages are not paid on outside jobs, time shall be allowed for the workmen to reach the pay- able by the usual time of leaving off. Six calendar months' notice shall be given on either side in case of any proposed alteration of these rales; that as far as practicable wages be paid on Friday evening, but that the paynight be left optional with the employer. That these rules come into operation on December 1, 1882, and be equally binding on both parties, and Bhall not be altered or rescinded without due notice being given on either side." The men now complain that some of the masters, taking advantage of the depression, seek to override these rules, and pay a lower rate of wage. The men feel aggrieved at this, and for some time have been trying to devise a plan to enforce a strict adherence to the agreement. For this pur pose the meeting was called, but as at three quarters of an hour after the advertised time the attendance was meagre it was decided to adjourn until Friday night. A vote of thanks was accorded the representatives of the Press for their attendance. THE MILITARY ROAD.— It is reported that owing to the advanced state of the work on the Military-road the labourers are not being employed on full time. In some cases as much as two days have been lost in a week. The weekly wage taken at 5s. 6d. a day, after the loss of a day or two, has caused some complaint. It has, however, had the effect of forcing some of the hands to leave and get other employment. In any event the work could not hold out very much longer ; and those who consider there is no immediate urgency for the completion of the road are disposed to think the partial employment of hands, tending to a gradual reduction of the number, is the easiest method of dealing with the difficulty. REGIMENTAL ORDERS, R.V.F.—The follow- ing orders have been issued by the Lieutenant Colonel commanding the R.V.F. The Rifle Volunteer Force will assemble at their parade-ground, North-terrace, on Saturday, June 20, at 2.45 p.m., thence to march to Montefiore Hill for battalion drill. The Rifle Volunteer Force will assemble at North terrace on Monday, June 22, at 9.15 a.m. for a field day. Should a sufficient number of m en in the old blue uniform be present to form a company, they will be able to take part in the movements. Forage caps, water-bottles, and haversacks; officers undress. Special trains have been arrranged to ran from Tcrowie and Blyth on the morning of the 22nd to arrive in Adelaide by 9 o'clock. Officers commanding companies are hereby notified that the General Commandant has set apart the Exhibition Building two nights per week— Tuesdays and Thursdays— for the use of the city and suburban companies of the R.V.F. A drill-instructor will attend each evening. Fox the information of the officers of the R.V.F. the days for waiting upon the Commandant upon business con nected with the force are Mondays, Wednes- days, and Fridays, between 12 and 1 o'clock. Men of city and suburban companies who have not yet received water-bottles and haversacks will attend at Government Stores to receive same on Thursday evening, Jane 18, at 7.30 p.m. FUNERAL OF THE LATE MR C. W. F. TRAPMANN.— On Monday, June 15, the re- mains of the late Mr. Trapmann were con- veyed from his late residence, Hind- marsh, to the local cemetery. Besides the mourning coaches many private vehicles followed the funeral cortége. Amongst the large number of persons observed at the grave were Messrs. F. E. Bucknall, M.P., Josiah Mitton, and B. Taylor, ex-Mayors, the Mayor of Hindmarsh, with several mem- bers of the Corporation, and the Town Clerk, Rev. H. M. Pollitt, Messrs. Tolley, Haussen, Strutton, and W. J. Magarey. The shortness of the funeral notice prevented many friends from a distance being present. The coffin lid was covered with wreaths and flowers. The Rev. H. D. Smith, of Hindmarsh, conducted the funeral service. The deceased gentleman will be long remem- bered for the indefatigable zeal displayed in the various positions he occupied during a residence of ten years in Hindmarsh as Mayor of the town, Superintendent of a Sunday- school, and as a member of the Institute Committee, the Masonic body, and the Volun- teer Military Force. He only resigned the position of major a few weeks since on account of protracted illness. During Monday nearly all the places of business in Hind- marsh were partially closed out of respect to the memory of the deceased. THE REV. PAXTON HOOD.—This well-known Independent minister, whose death we an- nounce this morning, is thus noticed in "Men of the Time":—"The Rev. Edwin Paxton Hood, son of an old English sailor, who served under Nelson in the Temeraire, born at Westminster in 1820, was educated pri- vately. He was for many years a minister of the Independent denomination, and preached in London. He was for many years the editor of the Eclectic Review, and for some years edited the Preacher's Lantern. He has written 'Wordsworth, a Biography,' 'The Age and its Architects,' 'A Life of Swedenborg,' ' Self- Formation,' 'The Peerage of Poverty,' 'The Dark Days of Queen Mary,' 'The Golden Times of Queen Bess,' 'Dream Land and Ghost Land,' 'Genius and Industry,' 'Literature of Labour,' 'Old England,' 'Mental and Moral Philosophy of Laughter,' ' Self -Education,' 'The Uses of Biography, Romantic, Philosophic, and Didactic,' 'Dark Sayings on a Harp,' and 'The Earnest Minister.' He was the author also of a large volume entitled 'Lamps, Pitchers, and Trumpets Lectures,' on the vocation of the preacher, 'Blind Amos,' 'Bye Path Meadow,' besides editing two bulky volumes, 'The World of Anecdote' and 'The World of Religious Anecdote.' More recently he published a course of lectures on 'The Villages of the Bible.' He was the biographer of the distinguished Non- conformist, the Rev. Thomas Binney. His latest prose works were an elaborate exposi- tion of the genius and philosophy of Thomas Carlyle ; Oliver Cromwell : his life, times, battle-fields, and contemporaries' (1882); and 'Scottish Characteristics' (1883). He also presented himself in verse as the author of 'The Maid of Nuremberg' and other volun- taries. Mr. Hood was well known to his own denomination as a preacher, and the author of many published sermons, and had an extensive popularity as a lecturer on subjects connected with general literature or social questions." PAYNEHAM DISTRICT COUNCIL.— A public meeting of ratepayers of the above district was held in the local Institute Hall on Monday evening, June 15. The attendance was fair, and Mr. C. Pitt presided. The Clerk (Mr. Taylor) read an approximate statement, which showed that the assess- ment for the year was £10,426, which was equal to £521 6s. at a rate of la. in the pound. Dog registrations, impoundage fees, and licences had produced £40 4s., while the rates and arrears collected were £524 12s. 6d.; £112 6a. 7d. received from the Campbelltown District Council, with the grant in aid of £281 15s. 3d., brought the receipts up to £1,339 5s. 2d. The expenditure had exceeded the receipts by £102 13s. 4d. In the construction of roads £819 9s. lid. had been distributed as follows :— Payneham, £108 0s. 6d. ; Barnes road, £54 9s. 4d. ; kerbing, £81 9s. 5d. ; bridge in Mar-street, £50 17s. 6d. ;' Glynde-road, £224 13s. 2d. For repairing £388 2s. 6d. had been used, and land purchased had cost £105. Expenditure for charitable purposesand incidental expenses brought the disbursements np to a total of £1,441 18a. 6d. The Chairman said that they had every reason to be satisfied with the results achieved, and mentioned that there was still an amount of £20 owing in rates, and the bulk of the debtors were persons who could and would shortly be enforced to pay what was due by them. In reference to the division of the district into wards he was of opinion that such was not advisable at present. In answer to a question, he stated that George-street, Payneham, did not belong to the Council, and until it did they would not spend money on its construc- tion. He also reported that when Rugby was laid out the Council bought two blocks of land situated opposite the Duke of Wel- lington Hotel for £400, and the Government bad purchased No. 1 block for £300, with the intention of erecting a Post and Telegraph Office thereon, tenders for which had been received, and he thought that shortly the ratepayers would be in possession of good postal accommodation. The question of opening new roads was left over for the present. Votes of thanks closed the meeting. PROBATES AND LETTERS OF ADMINISTRA- TION.— The following probates and letters of administration were granted during the week ended June 13 :— William Plant, £50 ; Sarah A. Willis, £2,000; Eveline Mocatta (Eng- land), £700; James Corrigan, £700; Frank Anthony, £700 ; John Turner, £1,000 ; John H. Sprigg, £250 ; Frederick William Mitchell, £4,C0O; Caroline lumen, £900; William Jones, £200 ; Lebrecht F. E. Krause, £550 ; Adolphus W. Le Messurier, £300; Johann F. A. Schrapel, £700; William Anderson, £1,000; George Gibson (Scotland), £278. Letters of Administration— Watkin Thomas, £200; Thcmas Collins, £375; with will an nexed, Charles Clark (Victoria), £350. SERMONS TO YOUNG MEN.—On Sunday, June 14, special sermons to the young men were delivered by the Rev. W. F. Turton in the Congregational Church, Hindmarsh. Large congregations attended, and Mr. Turton in an earnest and impressive manner alluded to the vanity attending a purposeless life. PRESENTATION TO MR. T. D. SMEATON.— On Wednesday, June 10, Mr. Smeaton, who has been for many years Adelaide Manager of the Bank of South Australia, was the re- cipient of a complete set of the "Encyclo- paedia Britannica," presented to him by the officers of the Bank on the occasion of his temporary retirement in consequence of fail- ing health, as a token of the esteem in which he is held by them all. For over thirty-two years he has been connected with the Bank, and many scenes of the olden times were re- called by Mr. Thornley, who made the presentation, and by the recipient, who thoroughly appreciated not only the peculiar fitness of the gift but also the kindly feelings which prompted the presentation. ACCIDENT AT A FACTORY.— Shortly after 8 o'clock on Monday morning an accident hap- pened to a young man named Michael Fitz- gerald at Messrs. G. & R. Wills & Co.'s boot factory in Pulteney-street. Fitzgerald was fixing the belt on the flywheel after the engine had been started, when some how his arm was caught, and he was dragged once round the wheel. He was quickly picked up, but it was dis- covered that his arm was broken and his face and side severely cut. He was removed to the Hospital, where he was attended to. This is not the first misfortune which has happened to Fitzgerald at the same factory, as some time ago he had three fingers of his left hand accidentally severed. RATEPAYERS' MEETING AT GLENELG.— A meeting of the ratepayers of New Glenelg Ward was held in the Broadway Hotel on Monday evening, to receive the nomination of a Councillor to represent the ward to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Councillor Virgo. In consequence of the boisterous weather the attendance was extremely limited. Mr. G. K. Soward was elected Chairman at the commencement of the meeting, but as he was afterwards nominated as Councillor for the ward he resigned his position, and Mr. Rigaud was voted to the chair. Mr. Soward then addressed the meet- ing, and in expressing his views on different matters promised that if returned he would give his best services to the interests of the district. There was no other candidate, and Mr. Soward was unanimously selected. SOUTH ADELAIDE FOOTBALL CLUB.—A well attended meeting of the above club was held at the Red Lion Hotel on Monday evening, the loth inst. Mr. A. Hammond was elected Chairman. The Secretary reported having obtained the patronage of the South Aus tralian Football Association for their pro- jected trip to Victoria next year. Owing to Mr, J. Hall being injured and unable to play Mr. A. Mclntyre was elected to act as captain in his atead, and Mr. W. Watling as vice- captain, Dr. Westwood was elected hon. surgeon to the club, he having volunteered his services and presence at all the club's matches for the remainder of the season. HINDMARSH INSTITUTE COMMITTEE.—An adjourned meeting of the above was held at the Institute Building, Hindmarah, on Monday, June 15, the President (Mr. James Chittleborough) and 13 members being present. A large number of designs for additions and altera- tions to the present building were sent in, and that signed "Experience" was selected, which proved to be by Messrs. Withall & Wells,, architects, of Adelaide. The Secretary suggested that £25 be sent to England for the purchase of books and that £10 worth be purchased in Adelaide, but the Library Committee approved of the latter only. The Secretary reported that the amount to the credit of the Library funds was over £400. The Institute Committee decided to allow the drawings to be on view at the Institute Hall during the present week. THE SAVIOUR OF THE EMPIRE.—With re- gard to colonial aspirants to a place in one or other House of the British Parliament, we (Australasian) have lately had come rather amusing particulars by which the grotesque ness of ambition was comically illustrated. It would seem that our other gifted Australian feeling himself matched against a rival pos- sessing royal claims decided to take up the part of devoted patriotism, and stood forth as the Horatius of the position. If Sir Samuel claimed to wear a crown, Mr. Henniker Heaton advanced the prouder claim of having saved an Empire. Indeed, Mr. Heaton accomplishes this feat with almost embarrassing frequency. He did it some time ago, in a way which has never been very clearly understood, by carrying some despatches home in his carpet-bag from Reunion or some other place in the South Indian Ocean. The reputation gained by that exploit has, however, of late waned from men's minds. It is the fate of great men to see their greatest actions pass as "alms to oblivion." Indeed, there was an after-echo of statements from the place in question which rather qualified the heroism and splendour of the achievement. A3 a result of all this, Mr. Heaton now puti for ward a new ground of claim. He now claims that it waa he, and not Mr. Dalley, who de spatched the New South Wale3 Continjeni;. That isio say, he does not declare thi3 with his own lips, but he sits quietly and modestly by at a 'primrose' festivity of Canterbury Conservatives, while hia friend the Chairman of the local Conservative Association gravely affirms .that Mr. Heaton took a prominent part in the equipment of the Contingent, and that the least the electors could do would be to accept him as a candidate. The statement of the good-natured Captain Lambert was, to borrow a criticismfrom Mr. Huckleberry Finn, 'interesting, but tough;' but Mr. Heaton apparently did not see anything in it to require correcting. It is hard to part with men like these from'our colonial public life, and waste them on the wilderness of English politics, New South Wales Military Forces.— A plan for the 'working of the Military Reserve Forces recently formed in many parts of the colony has been approved of by the Acting Commandant and the Hon, W. B. Dalley, and now awaits the sanction of tbe Cabinet (sayB the Sydney Morning Herald. ) The service establishment of the reserves will consist of, in each battery or company within the metropolitan dis tricts, 1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 5 sergeants, 5 corporals, 2 trumpeters, and 100 gunners. In the country districts there will be the same number of commissioned officers, 4 sergeants, 4 corporate, 2 trumpeters, and 47 gunners. With a view to their proper maintenance and instruction the reserves will be divided according to districts known as the Northern, Southern, and Metropolitan, Those in the southern districts will have their headquarters at Braidwood, which is con sidered the most central place at which the companies on the coast and in railway towns of the district can be worked. A staff officer of the rank of lieutenant-colonel, and late of the Imperial service, and an adjutant to act as quartermaster and paymaster will be elected for the northern and southern dis tricts, the metropolitan district being worked from Sydney. The headquarters of the northern district will be at Glen Innes. The artillery portion of the reserves will be under the direction of the officer commanding the artillery forces, and the infantry in the western and metro politan districts will be worked by one of the lieutenant-colonels of volunteers from Sydney. It will be necessary to appoint an acting-brigade major for the reserves, and this will probably be arranged for by utilizing one of the adjutants of the present artillery or infantry corps, Camps of in structions and exercise will be held ftom time to time in places most accessible to the largest number of corps, and rifle ranges will be formed in the most convenient situations. Great coats and camp equipage will be issued, and arrangement? will be made for collecting the troops at a moment's notice. The uniforms will consist of tunic and trousers, and helmets or forage caps, which after the first issue will have to be maintained out of a capitation grant of £2 per head for each efficient. It is estimated that the cost of the reserves— which will consist of about 3,000 men when they are up to their full strength —will be £16,000 per annum, including in struction in camp. There will, however, be an extra cost for the first year for the first supply of clothing as above mentioned. Rabbit-proof Netting.— The duty on wire netting (says the Australasian) is a standing disgrace to a country in which that article stands in the relation of a prime necesBary. Between graziers pure and simple and farmers the colony of Victoria ha3 need of many thousands of miles of rabbit- proof netting. That the quantity roughly stated is no exaggeration may be readily determined by reference to the statistics of landowners and occupiers. Something may be saved by two or three small farmers agreeing to enclose their holdings in one-ring fence, and sharing equally the cost or labour Of destroy ing the rabbits within it. In many instances it will be desirable to attach it to roadside fences and to new ones erected iri the place of brush fences destroyed. The visible ex pediency of using it in the erection of new fences will induce many to follow that course if they can do so with due regard to economy. The removal of the Customs duty would go far towards ensuring quite a general use of the wire. History in the Victorian- .State Schools. — We quote the following from the Melbourne Argils: — 'In the State schools last year, out of 185,000 pupils, only 184 were taught history, and they had to pay for the instruction because this was an extra subject. It is now intended to make the study part of the ordinary curriculum, and at the request of the Minister of Education some members of the inspecting Btaff have been enquiring into the best means to be adopted for securing that object. The scheme is not yet de veloped, but it is probable that historical chapters will be added to the lesson-books. They appear in this way in tbe Nelson Beries, but for the schools of this colony they will be written from an Australian Btandpo;nt.' Gold in Waters.— In the Btndlgo Adver tiser of May 30 the following occurs :— ' In October, 1875, a report was published by Mr. R. Brough Smyth, now Director of the Sand hurst School of Mines, giving an account of experiments made at Stawell, at his request, for the purpose of determining the amount of gold contained in mine waters. For a long period it had been known from the experi ments made by Sonstadt that iodine ia sea waters is the agent which keeps gold in a soluble and oxydised condition, and it is believed that the salts of gold exist in mine waters. The experiments at Stawell, however, proved unsatisfactory, on ac count of sufficient care not having been '. exercited in the selection of the copper and zinc plates, At the last meeting of the Administrative, Council of the School of Mines this subject was brought up by Mr. R. Williams, who suggested, that resh experiments should be made at Sand hurst. A committee was appointed to test the mine waters in this district. They have visited the Vioiory and Patidora Mine, and with the consent of the Directors have decided to erect apparatus there 'for testing the water pumped out of the mine for the next few months. In the meantime the mine waters are being analysed in the, laboratory at the School of Mines by Mr. Richards, and the result of his researches will be made known in due course. It is in tended that the boiler crustations shall also be examined. If the supposition be correct that the waters of our local mines contain an equal percentage to those of the ocean, which scientists state yield one grain of gold per 400 gallons, the issue to be proved by the experiments contemplated is as to whether or not the hypothesis is correct. It is computed that experiments involving 50,000 gallons per day, such as is anticipated will be available at the Victory and Pandora Mine, will give as a result 100 oz. of gold per annunv and as the expenses incidental to the erection of the' appur tenances will be comparatively small, ,and no further outlay will be required, it will be seen that the experiment is fraught with much interest to a community whose' staple industry ib that of mining.' Government Tenders.— At tho Engiueer in-Chief's Office on Monday, June 15, eix tenders were opened for the construction, supply, and delivery of two two-ton cranes in Quorn Station- yard, the lowest being A. B. Hawke & Co., and for : constructing a guardroom at Glanville Fort Theodore Hack was the lowest of three tenders. At the Architect-in-Chief s Office six tenders were opened for erecting a police station at Cra dock, the lowest being Sara & Dunatan. ? St. Paul's Annual Festival, — The annual tea and promenade concert in connec tion with St. Paul's Church will be held in the Town Hall this evening. . : .. ? Port Adelaide Model Parliament.— This Society held its first meeting on Monday evening, there being a good attendance of members and visitors. Mr. W. E. Mattinson, M.P., occupied' the position of Speaker pro tern, and the Governor (Rev. JVC. Kirby) read the opening ' speech. Some fairly good addresses were given by members for and against the Ministerial policy, and a motion of no confidence was also submitted. This, however, was lost on a division, the Govern ment scoring a majority of seven votes. 