ANTIQUITY OF CREATION. Astronomically Viewed. ( Continued .) While such writers are quite clear, about the metal trap-doors ana the ocean, they have not yet fully fathomed the construction and arrangement of the, pillars. Whether the Bible teaches that'' they are "pillars of salt," like Lot's wife ; or of flesh and blood, like " James, Cephas, and John;" or such "iron pil lars and brazen walls" as Jeremiah was against the house of Israel— whether they consisted of " cloud and fire," like, the pillar . Moses describes in the next book as floating in the Bky over the camp of Israel ; or are " pillars of smoke," Buch as ascend out of .the wilderness — whether they are those "pillars of the earth which tremble" when God shakes it, or " the pillars of heaven which are astonished at his reproof" — whether they are the pillars of the earth and its anarchial inhabitants, which Asaph bore up ; or are composed of the same materials as Paul's " pillar and basis of the truth," or the pillars of victory which Christ erectB " in the temple of God " (Gen., xix. 26 ; Ex. xiii. 20 ; xxxiii. 10 ; Jer. i. 18 ; Gal. ii. 7 ; Soug of Sol. iii. 6 ; Job ix. 6 ; xxvi. 11 ; Ps. lxxvi 3; 1 Tim. iii. 15 : Rev. iii. 12), — they have not yet decided. Whe ther the Hebrews understood these pil lars to be arranged on the outside of the metal hemisphere, and if So, to imagine any use for them there ; or in the inside, and in that case whether they kept the sky from falling upon the earth, or only supported the earth from falling into the sky, — these learned men are by no means agreed. Having trampled the pearl into fragments, their attempts to combine them into another shape are more amusing than successful; and it iB bard to , say which of the seven opinions ascribed to the Bible by infidel commentators is least probable. That opinion, however, will, doubtless, after more vigorous and pro tracted rooting, be discovered andgreedily swallowed amid grunts of satisfaction : an appropriate reward of such laborious stupidity. The absurdities of the Greek philoso phers were not drawn from the Bible. Had the Greeks read the Bible more, they would have preserved the common sense God gave them a great deal longer, and would not, while professing themselves to be wise, have become such fools as to adore blocks and stones, and dream of metal firmaments. But they turned away their ears from the truth, and were turned into such fables as infidels falsely ascribe to the Bible. A thousand years before the cycles and epicycles of the Ptolemaic astronomy wore invented, aud before learned Greeks had learned to talk nonsense about crystal spheres, and trap doors in the bottom of celestial oceans, the writers of the Bible were recording those conversations of pious philosophers concerning stars, and clouds, and rain, . from which Galileo derived the first hints of the causes of barometrical phenomena. The origin of rain, its proportion to the amount of evaporation, and the mode of its distribution by condensation, could not be propounded by Humboldt himself with more brevity and perspicuity than they are expressed by the Idumean philo sopher : " He maketh small the drops of water ; they pour down rain according to the vapour therepf, which the clouds do drop and distil upon man abundantly. Also, can. any 'understand the spreadings of the clouds, or the noise of his taber nacles ?" (Job1 xxxvi: 29). The cause of this rarefaction of cold water — the clouds are not steam— is as much a mystery to the British Association as it was to Elihu ; and even were all the mysteries of the electrical tension of vapours disclosed, "the balancings of the clouds" would only be more clearly discovered to be, as the Bible declares, "the wonderful works of Him who is perfect in wisdom." But the gravity of the atmosphere, the com parative density of floating water, and its increased, density by discharges of. electri city, were as well known to Job and his friends as they are to the wisest of our modern philosophers. " He looketh to the ends of- the earth, and seeth under the whole heaven, to make weight to air, and regulate waters by measure, in his making a law for the rain, and a path for the lightning of thunder " (Job xxviii. 24 — literal reading). . . Three thousand years before the .theory of the trade-winds was demonstrated, or before Maury had dis covered the rotation and revolutions of the wind- currents, it was written in the Bible : " The wind goeth towards the south, and turneth about to the north. And the wind returneth again, according to his circuits" (Eccles. i. 6). Thousands of years before Newton, Galileo, and Copernicus were born, Isaiah was writing about the " orbit of the earth," and its insignificance in the eyes of the Creator of the host, of heaven (Isa. xl.) ; Job was conversing with his friends, on the inclination of its axis, and its; equilibrium in space: "He spreadeth out the north over the empty place, and hangeth the earth upon nothing" (Job xxvi. 7). The " waters above the heavens," which the Holy Ghost harmonizes With other, cosmical bodies — Sun, Moon, Fixed Stars, and distant Galaxies, Heavens of Heavens — in his arrangement of choris ters for the grand anthem of the universe, have no reference to,, or connection ,with, our earth. They refer to such pheno mena as are indicated by the atmosphere loaded with vapours of Mercury and Venus, the " polar snows " . and " green ish seas " of Mars, the' trade- winds of Jupiter, and the rings of Saturn, " com posed of a fluid a little denser than water " in our own system, and to analogous collections of water in more distant firma ments. (Ps. cxlviii.) So far from entertaining the least idea of the waters of the atmosphere being contained either on the outside or the inside of a metal or solid hemisphere, the writers of the Bible never once use, even figuratively, any expression conveying it. On the contrary, the well-known scrip tural figures for the fountains of the rain, are the soft, elastic, leathern waterskins of the East, " the bottleB of the clouds," or the wide, flowing shawl or upper gar ment wherein the people of the East are accustomed to tie up loose, scattering substances (Ruth -iii. 15.) " He bindeth up the waters in his thick cloud, and the cloud is not rent under them." " Who hath bound the waters in a garment;" " As a vesture thou shalt change them ; " or the loose, flowing curtains of a royal pavilion; or the extended covering of a tent : " His pavilion around him were dark waters, and thick clouds of the skies ; " " The spreadings of the clouds, and the noise of his tabernacles; " " He spread a cloud for a covering" (Job xxxviii. 37 ; . xxvi. 8 ; xxxviii. 9 ; xxxvi. 29; Ps. cv. 39 ; lxxvii. 17). Instead of the notion of a single ocean, the " num ber of the clouds" is proverbial in the Scriptures (Isa. xliv. 22,; Jer. iv. 13 ; Job xxxviii. 37 ; Prov. xxx. 4) for a multitude ; and in direct opposition to the permanence of a vast metallic arch, the chosen emblems of instability and tranBitoriness, and of the utmost rapidity of motion, suitable even for the chariot .of Jehovah, are selected from the heavens (Eccles. xi. 4 ; Ps. civ. 3 ; Matt. xxiv. 30). In short, there is not the slightest vestige of any foundation in Scripture for the notions long afterwards introduced by the Greek philosophers. Yet Chris tians, who have read these . passages of Scripture over and over again, allow them selves to give heed to infidels who have not, asserting, without the shadow of proof, that Moses taught absurdities which were not invented for a thousand; years after his death. The Bible gives hints of many profound scientific truths ; it teaches no absurdities \ and, instead of countenancing the notion that the, sky is a solid metal hemisphere, it teaches, both literally and figuratively, directly the con trary. A Comical Churcli. — "A.M." writing to St James ' Chronicle, says: — The Church of Rome puzzles me exceedingly ; it is so queer in'ite ways, pretending that she is all right, and the only true one. I often thought, and' think so still, that the proper title of the Church of Rome would be the " Scarlet " or " Red '' Church, in remembrance of all the blood she caused to< be shed for the honour and glory of God, and also for the following reasons : — In all the processions and cavalcades of the Pope in the ceremonials, you may notice what a large space tho colour 'scarlet occupies. The Papal habit is said to be -adorned : With precious stones, lubeum; Pretiosum, mitram ornatam, gemmis, &c.; 'In the procession to the Lateran, there is a '' strange officer, who goes first ; then there is the barber and shoemaker of tho Pope — then they are to have rod portmanteaus containing the robes — then follow the nephews of the Pope, or his near relations and Cardinals. There is also to be a ladder to be covered with red cloth. Then there are standards, two and two, that are red, and persons running before them, also in red garments. There is likewise the standard of- the Jerusalem Order in red — in fact all is red, robes, staves, gar ments, band-boxes ; all is of the scarlet colour in the ceremonial on that occasion. I need not toll you that the Cardinal receives, as a mark of dignity, a red hat, and the Pope says to him — "I give you this red hat in token that you will be prepared to shed your blood for the elevation of the Holy Mother Church." Tho Cardinal wears red gloves also. Poor people, I suppose, they imagine that they are on the narrow path to heaven. What a queer Church it is. How many dupes it has." MakiugMoney out of Cholera — Recently in a church in Posilippo, Italy, a priest uttered these words : " My people, why throw away your money on alms, on hospitals and drugs, to help those who are attacked by cholera, while by giving to the Saints you would drive the malady from tho city ?" Whereupon the collector went round and shook his purse and gathered in the offerings of the people. Is not all this what Popery invariably produces, where she has uncon trolled sway ? The Pope and Parnell. — A writer in Truth makes some valuable remarks on Papal influence in Ireland. " When the Pope," he says, "at the instigation of Mr. Errington, denounced 'Parnell and his hangers-on ' ( asseclce sum), I ventured, in these columns, to predict that we Bhould see his Holiness a Parnellite yet. The prophecy haSjCome.tr.ue.v The Irish ..Bishops, have, unani mously invited Parnell and his' gang'— now more ceremoniously spoken of as ' The Irian Parliamentary Party — to take charge of the Catholic Education Question. Simultaneously Dr. Kenny, the pet doctor of the 'gang,' has been appointed Visiting Physician to May- nooth." This appointment was made by, the Roman Catholic Hierarchy of Ireland. , A Laughable Mistake. — In our last issue tho printer turned " Gems from Lord Bacon " into " Gems from Lord Byron "! Presentation to Mr. Abigail, — Ou Friday night tho 16th inBtant the largo, room of the Quarrymen's Arms Hotel, Pyrmont, was crowded with people anxious to do honour to Mr. Francis Abigail, the member for West Sydney, and to shew their appreciation of the invaluable and in: defatigable services he had rendered in con: nection with obtaining the resumption of the bridge by the Government and throwing it opon to the public and abolishing the tolls. Mr. Frazer Martin presided and presented 'the testimonial which was in the shape of a very handsome tea and coffee service, an epergne and a beautiful marble clock. In making the presentation the chairman said that it Was mainly due to the persistency with which Mr. Abigail had held to the government that' the bridge bad been resumed. He hoped that Mr. Abigail would long live to render ub faithful service to the country as he had hitherto done. Mr. Abigail in returning thanks for tho tangible token of his con stituents' esteem said that when he entered public life four years ago he determined to do his best not only for West Sydnoy but also for the country in general. One of his first promises to the electors of West Sydney was that he would try to free the bridge and hb had been faithful to his promise. He in tended his political career would never ,be tarnished by anything he or his constituents would be ashamed of. After some toasts, in cluding the health of Mr. Abigail, the mooting terminated. . Noble Work of ike British and Foreign Bible Society.— A marvellous work has been done by this noble society, which is now 80 years old. During that time, it has expended over £9,111,000 in circulating, the Bible. It has circulated upwards of a hundred million copies, printed in 161 different languages. The past year had beon one of the most suc cessful the society has seen, and its income was the largest ever received, being upwards of £233,000. Of that 'sum £107, 000 was obtained by the sale of copies' of the Scrip tures, and £126,000 in free... contributions. The society has circulated more : than 3;118,000 copies of the Scripture ; and if the work of two kindred societies be ' added, no less than five and a-half million copies have boon put into circulation. 'THa first half million copies of the British and Foreign Bible Society's Penny Testament was sold within four months of its publication on July 16th last, and the Bible House is for the moment unable to supply tho copies, for which orders are still daily received. 'A second half million lias been ordered from the Oxford University Press, and will shortly be ready for issue. Tho cost to the Society 'is slightly over 2d. per copy,- and the difference between the cost.and the selling prices of the half million copies, already issued has amounted to about £2,200, to bo raetfromthe Free Contributions to the Society. What is extremely vexing to infidels is that tho demand for the Word of God is still increasing. Local Option Vote.— A great deal of interest has been taken in the riiuni- cipal elections in the suburbs and country, and it was enhanced by the Local Option vote taken at the same time. In the groat majority of cases the ratepayers decided that they had quite a sufficient supply of public houses in their district., Somo places however voted for allowing the issue of fresh licenses, but these places will we are confident change their minds before long. German High-handed Ac tion at Samoa.— On the 28th January after the mails from San Francisco and New Zealand had been landed, a force from a German warship which was lying in the port, was landed and paraded tho streets of Apia in order to ' intimidate the Saraoans. On the following day four boatloads of men were landed, a flagstaff erected the German flag hoisted and a sham redoubt built and the town of Apia, including tho harbour and Mahina, taken possession of for Germany. Herr Stabele the German consul issued' a proclamation declaring that King Maliotoa had! been guilty of disrespect to Germany and had repeatedly broken tho treaty between Germany and Samoa, and stating that' the intentions of Germany are friendly and after the present difficulties aro removed tho land seized will bo returned. Tho English and American consuls have protested against the action of the Gorman consul and insist upon the convention between Germany and Samoa being observed. Tho redoubt before men tioned was erectod on the spot whore the King of Samoa resides and it is stated that the arrival of John Lundon on tho scene caused the Germans to take this precaution. Lundon, who is a strong advocate of the annexation of Samoa by New Zoalnnd, had a long conversation with Masu, tho kingmaker, upon the state of affairs, and Masu said that he would go to New Zealand and Bign Sir George Grey's petition for annexation. The schooner Fleetioing , flying the Samoan flag, is expected to reach Auckland about the 29th February, with a deputation on board from the .Parliament and the King of Samoa to the Now Zealand Government relative to the annexation of Samoa. Tho Samoan Parlia ment will probably pass a resolution, to bo approvod by the King, praying for tho annexa tion of Samoa by New Zealand. Grafton Protestants and the RiC.. ; Convent.— The Grafton Argus gives a glowing report of a concert given at tbe Grafton Theatre Boyal on Tuesday, 3rd Feb. in aid'of the Roman Catholic convent, in which the concert is described as a most brilliant success, totally eclipsing all past con certs in Grafton. That the report is written by a Roman Catholic or some Jesuitical sympathiser, the last sentence shews. It reads thus : — " Before concluding this short notice, we should like to direct public attention to a fact which' shows how really good hearted and unsectarian the people of Grafton are at bottom ; it is this, that members of various denominations or sects were included in the choir, which had banded together to render aid to a' religious institution. So mote it "always be." There lies the Bin that we protest against. Against blinded Roman Catholics supporting convents, much though such institutions are to be protested against, we have nothing to say ; we only pity thein in their, darkness : but when Protestants come forward to support these Roman prisons, no words are too strong to express our indigna tion, contempt, and loathing. The thing is a sin against God and themselves. We will allow for the moment that all con vents, and the Grafton convent in particular, are pure, that there are no such fearful abuses as Maria Monk, Edith O'Gorman, Pastor Chiniquy, and the host of other priests and nuns that have torn themselves free from Rome, tell of, that there have been no cemetries of infants bones dug up in obsolete convent grounds; and still this support given by Protestants (?) to the system they profess to protest against is sin, in that it is a sacrifice of all principle. But in the face of the horrible revelations of the doingB in these convents, the sin becomes the greater, though the Grafton Argus, for a purpose, calls the sinners " good hearted and unsectarian." Unprin cipled is the truer definition of such con temptible Protestants, who try to hunt with the hounds, and run with the hare. Lest there be any persons so blind as not to see' in all its hideousriess, the sin the " good-hearted and nnsectarian" people have been guilty of, we put it before them in the words of a friend in the Grafton district. "About three parts of the audience called themselves Protestants. The performers, consisted of 24, and out of theBe 20 were Iso-called Protestants, and only .four of the Roman Catholic denomination. In the face of this, we have a Church of England heavily in debt, and the grounds pertaining to the church, in a disgraceful state, and those very performers, amongst whom were 17 calling themselves Church of i England members have been asked on several occasions, to try by some means to raise a fund, to place the ground, round the church, .in decent and proper order, but they have always found some paltry excuse to get out of it." Surely this needs no further com ment. The concert is to be repeated by these , Protestants (?) to assist a Romish prison, within whose walls the Queen s warrant does ynot hold good); only that of a foreigner ; and who knows what abuses take place where the public eye is jealously excluded. Who knows who inany woman|may be immured there for life against their will. From time to time nuns have escaped from convents with difficulty and even at the peril of their lives, and the . reports they give of life within the convent walls is not such as ought to tempt Pro- j testantB to support those institutions, which are a disgrace to a free couutry. Many poor . women decoyed into them more bitterly repented and now long vainly for freedom. And yet these Grafton Protestants are " good- ' hearted and unsectarian" forsooth, because they, are traitors to their religion, and to the privileges and liberties handed down to us by the ; glorious reformation, for which their fathers fought and suffered. Sixpenny Dinners Discarded —In order to obtain a better meal than in early days, secure by all means a seat on the , , Board' of some sooiety, organised for the !" mutual benefit of the industrial classes. The . more likely to succeed, if the Btart in life was from, the lowest step in the social scale. .Agree to at least a meeting of the Board . .twice a-week, and get an honorarium of a . guinea for every attendance. Visit places where land is reported to be for sale as often as circumstances permit and procure the usual number of guineas for such work. During the year a pecuniary return for ser vices supposed to be rendered on behalf of ' the society will show a sufficient margin to enable you to visit Oompagnoni's instead of the cheap restaurant. Thus a newmethod for rising , in society cuu oe easily mauugeu uy joining mutual benefit societies whose purpose is one thing, while the result achieved tendB to the ' acquisition of the means of dining at the fashionable resort of the real blue blood of colonial life. History Repeats Itselt.— At the dawn of the Christian era, the followers of Judaism were loaded with scorn if they for sook the religion of their forefathers. Such a, spirit has come down the ages, and even now strongly manifests itself. In the village of Artuf, near Jerusalem, a National Jewish Christian Church has been founded. The , present occupants were Jews expatriated from . Rouinania and Russia, and when they reached '. Palestine, they received no sympathy from ..i.itheir no-religionists. The Rev. H. Friedlandor , showed compassion towards them, and secured Artuf as their residence. Their overseer is a ; converted Jew, and the head steward iB also a , proselyte. A school has been opened, and his "daughter is the teacher, whose hands are . strengthened, as the settlers do not regard. . -evangelical teaching as something inimical to their, interests, but . rather as a means of in- struclion. The Hebrew newspapers have raised a persecuting' cry, as they perceive a wedge driven into their traditionalism. They turn the finger of scorn at the little colony, and maintain that hunger had forced thein .to abandon tbo religion of their, ancestors.. Another Australian Scholar.— Mr. Hamilton II. Marshall, the 2nd son of Dr. George Marshall, of Lyons-terrace, lias just passed bis second ' professional examination for the degree of M.B. at the University of Edinburgh with fonr first-class honours, being first in the midwifery class with 94 per cent, possible marks, second in the anatomy class with 91 per cent., third in the practice of medicine with 84 per cent., and well, up amongBt the first- cIaBses in botany. , In con sequence of this success Mr. Marshall has been appointed assistant demonstrator ' in anatomy in the University, and clinical clerk to the hospital. As eaoh of the medical classes in Edinburgh consists of : several hundred students, the very distinguished posi tion Mr.. Marshall occupies on each of the lists is obvious and his great success reflects high hononr upon himself, his family, and also upon his native country. Mr. Marshall was a Sydney Grammar School boy. 