THE NATIONAL LEAGUE. THE PROSPECTS IN TEE NOBTIJ. On Tuesday, 8th September (says the Freeman's Journal) the fortnightly meeting of tbe National Leaguo was held at tbe rooms, Upper O'Connell-stroet. On the motion of Mr. Harrington, M.P., the chair was taken by Mr. John E. Redmond, M.I'. Mr. Harrington read the report of the Organising Committee. Tho chairman, on rising, was reooivod with applause. He said ho would be neither fulfilling his duty nor expressing what. b« believed to bo the universal feeling of tho mealing if bu rlid not, say on behalf of that organisutiou how depply grateful they feit at the events which had takun place within the last few days in the city. (Applauso.) Of course there was a politioal organisation, but it was utterly impossible to divest the event to which he had alluded—the entry of Archbishop Walsh into his diocese—(applause)—of all political significance; and if political significance attached to it, that fact was due not to them, but rather to their enemies, who tried through the dearest interest which many of them had—their religion—to strike a blow at their nationality. (Applause.) Mr. Harrington, M.P., said his observations would be confined to a report on the condition of things as regarded registration and revision through the country. He would start forth with the statement that, while at the very commencement of the work they led their friends throughout Ireland to believe that they had tbo highest hopes of ultimate success in the struggle, every day's experience had strengthened those hopes; and to-day they stood in a better condition and with better prospects before them than at any period of the struggle up to tbe present time. (Applause.) Of course it was conceded by their enemies that very little time need be occupied in debating the position of the National party in three out of the four provinces of Ireland. Practically every seat in three out of those four provinces was in the hands of the National party ; and nowhere in those provinces would their friends the enemy endeavour to force a contest upon them with the single exception, porhape,.of the country and the city of Dublin. But 8nyone who had watobed the progress of the Revision Sessions could see that even In these two pl&os;, where the lust hopes of the Tory party In the three provinces appeared to have been centred, they had completely given up the struggle and practically had already admitted that there was no forcing a contest on tho National party either in tbe county or the city of Dublin —(applause). Three seats in the city of Dublin were considered by the Tory party as safe, and they served no objections whatever to claimants in those divisions. They did so because the Revenue required placed that a threepenny stamp should be on every objection form to a claim to vote; and seeing that they had no prospect of reducing the strength of the National party to any material degree and nothing to hope for out of entering upon a struggle with them in connection with the Revision Courts, they abandoned that policy and determined to save their threepenny stamps. He had observed in the course of tbe last few days the courage and pluck with which their people were establishing their claims. Endeavours were being made by a kind of side wind to induce some of the Revising Barristers to allow < persons to intervene and oroas-examine claimants. The Tory organs in Dubiln, the Irish Timet and Daily Exprets, were loud In their attacks upon one revising barrister who had put his foot firmly down npon this question, and was determined to adhere striotly to the law. The revision in the county of Dublin had been conducted under the able supervision of Mr. Clanoy, of tils ^Qticr,. (Applause,) gpftty Q»i> Jraggf thst-fcs ess ft, geBtie&eo; 0HS ' FRJFFC T-FEFI CFS«TTJ$ STF* FLMBM suocess of whatever task be undertook. (Hear, hear.) The Tories in the count/ of Dublin, he believed, bad not the ghost of a chance. (Applause.) In the Southern Division of the county Dubiln the Tories were beginning to realise that they were not going to have affairs all their owi>. The city and county of Dublin were formerly remarkable for Bonding to Parliament the "Dublin Six," but he believed that in the next Parliament they would have the " Nationalist Six." (Loud cheers.) Thoy had given a good deal of attention to the province of Ulster. In the other three provinces the Tories had practically thrown up the sponge. (Cheers.) In Ulster, however, he might say that both parties had practically thrown off their coats, and day after day there were meetings of the National League branches and also of the Orange Lodges, where the question of registration was discussed by both sides and pushed forward with the greatest vigour. He waB very glad to say on behalf of their friends in the North of Ireland that they were much better organised and muoh more careful than their enemies. (Cheers.) Nowhere in Ireland had a single objection put forward on behalf of the National party been found invalid or set aside by the Court — (cheers) -while frequently the objections of tbe TorieB were set aside. The claimB were all drawn up in compliance with instructions given at the central ofiioe. He would take a few districts in Ireland in order to show how the work of revision was progressing. The revising barristers, no doubt acting under the direction of those at tbe head of tbe administration of the country, had all appointed the days for the hearing of claims very much upon the same date as they be» lieved that owing to the difficulty of obtaining legal assistance tbe Nationalists might be embarrassed. He was, however, glad to say that in addition to having secured the services of a number of energetic gentlemen in the north of Ireland they had also sent up from the south and west, where they had no great attempts at contests. In the connty of Tyrone there were four divisions. In Mid-Tyrone and East Tyrone he believed they would completely defeat the Tory party. In the other divisions they were also making an energetic struggle. In North Tyrone they had to contend with some of the wealthy landed proprietors, as the Marquis of Hamilton and his family were taking a part in the struggle, and went 8mong the people. They had also a lot of bigoted officials who brought into court requisition forms signed by the tenant-farmers in order to prove subletting, They bad, however, he believed, been able to prove to,the Tory party that a policy of that kind cut both ways. (Cheers.) South Tyrone was the only portion of the county in which the Tories claimed a ma j ority. When he said the Tory party, he meant political parties ouside the National party. (Cheers.) There were two words selected by their opponents in Tyrone and their agents whioh were not of their choosing—" Catholics and Protestants." (Hear, hear, and cheers.) They pointed out to their agents that wherever Protestant came between Liberals and Tories there was no difference. At the last revision the Tory party claimed a majority of 200. Well, now this majority had disappeared, and already they had a majority of 200 Nationalists on tbe register. (Cheers.) In the county of Fermanagh, which was divided into North and South, it was a strange fact that that was one of the counties which had been looked on as one of the very strongholds of the Orange party; and there, at some of tbe meetings such as Rosslea, it was attempted to demonstrate that the National party were opposed to the wishes of the people of the county. But now, as a matter of fact, their opponents had practically thrown up the sponge at the Revision Courts. While the Nationalists had served a number of objections, the Tories of that county had only put forward 15, so that while they claimed a large majority In both those divisions, they were only in a position to place under discussion fifteen votes. And if everyone of those objections should be allowed, the National party would still have a large majority. In the city of Derry they were making a very Important and significant struggle. They had been able to send down to that city men of experience in registration work, and who thoroughly understood its details; and he was happy to say that both in Derry and Belfast they were able to give a very satisfactory account of the work they had done. Their position In Derry, perhaps, was better than in any constituency in the North of Ireland. (Cheers.) If all tbe objections which were made were admitted they would still be able to claim a majority of aboqt three hundred at least. (Cheers). This was a city where it had been aaid they could not 6Qiet the walls—fc^fi Maldesj. City, 1ft *rejf petf to • f* m Sf % Orange party of the North of Ireland. ^Cheers.) Of the four divisions of the borough of Belfast three werepraotically beyond their grasp. The persecution and intolerance of the Orange faction had, however, in former times been Bttch as to drive all the Catholics to one quarter of the town. They were now being punished for their bigotry, for the consolidation of the Nationalists into one quarter of the town would enable them to send into Parliament a National member for the borough of Belfast itself. (Loudcheers.) In Donegal there •were three of the divisions where there was so strong a majority of the Nationalist party that the Tories had given up the effort at fighting them. In East 3> onegal a very vigorous fight was being made by the agents of the Marquis of Mamilton; but he was glad to say that they had an active local organisation at work there, and he hoped that the place was equally safe with the other three. (Cheers.) He need ssy nothing of the county of Monaghan, Everyone knew the position of their friend, Mr. Healy, •there. , If he should go there he would be (perfectly secure. (Cheers.) The division be eat for had been known as the Celtic 'division, but he (Mr. Harrington) thought fthat the Northern division of that county could now be similarly described. It | would therefore be a matter for their friend himself to decide which end of the county he would elect to sit for, (Applause.) In Down, while they wore attending to the work of the revision in (four divisions, in only one of them was a certain victory counted on for the National party. That division, as well 49 two of the divisions of Armagh and the borough of Newry, were under the supervision of bis friend and colleague, Me. Small, who was, perhaps, second to (none in Ireland in reBpecb of his intimate acquaintance with the work of registraliou and his indomitable energy in •o&rrylng; It out. The Southern division of Down 1B looked upon SB almost secure for us. The Borough of Newry waB altogether beyond the control of the Tory party. There could not be the shadow of a doubt that the borough oi Newry would returns strong Nationalist. (Cheers.) The only question was how strong they would have hiui. (Laughter sud cheers.) The Southern division of Armagh was perfectly certain. In Mid- Armagh they h&d; the assistance of very oapable agents, chiefly clergymen of the oity of Armagh—(cheers)—who had devoted an enormous amount of attention to thiB very .important work. (Cheers.) ^Phey had Ceen almost night and day working at registration, not only amongst their own parishioners, but amongst all the other parishes of the county. (Cheers.) They had shown an example of energy and perseverance which no professional skill could have competed with. (Cheers.) He thought he had practically dealt with all the province of Ulster. It was pretty well known that Antrim was beyond their grasp; their chance of currying a candidate would depend upon the union between the parties. It waB admitted as an undisputed fact that their friend, Mr. Biggar, could not be driven out of the County Cavan. He believed!, therefore, tha*. they h«d more than realised all the expect&tiouB; expressed before the revision. 