EVENINGS AND MOBNINGS IN THE BUSH. BY " PEOTBTBB." [Tbe illustration by the three powers of the human soul—Mrs. Gwyder wants to buy a boek—Tbe cheapest volume of philosophy and theology extant—How the Unitarian study of the Athanasian Creed ends in Positivist Agnosticism—The last deal.] IN his manner Mr. Westerman WBS very self-possessed, and, although perfeotly courteous, it was like that of most Oxford men, suggestive of fastidious tendenoies- He was a good Greek and Latin scholar and mathematician, but Ms scholarship was lost and bis mental vision misdirected and obscured by the unhistorio, and still more by the adulterated historio, medium through whioh bis youthful tutelage passed, and caused him to look baok askance on the course of this world's life, especially of the IaBt 1800 years. Ifalse history is tbe rampart behind whioh false dootrine seeks to entrenoh itself. History is, no doubt, the weak side of the anti-Oatholio oamp, and the enemy, arrayed as he is in a motley of multitudinous dootrinal patch-work, understands this, and spares no truth in his rebel efforts to fortify himself on that weak side. Henoe, Protestant "history," as regards veraoity and aoouraoy when Oatholio affairs are oonoerned, is little more than a studied perversion and misrepresentation. Foots are pared, and pruned, and out, and trimmed, and]disguised, and espaliered so as to oonsort in some way with Protestant heterogeneity of dootrine, and oonfer some degree of speoiousness and plausibility upon the jumble of antagonist crotohets whioh pass current in Proteatantdom for " the Gospel." THE Error OLOPKDIAS, and the Novels, and Shakspeare's Plays are tbe grand arsenals from whioh the Protestant notions of "History" are drawn. Opera fiction, tragedy fable, scurrilous stage faroe, Santa Maroo romanoe, and the Encyclopedias are the repositories to whioh Protestantism resorts for historio confirmation of its religious variations and its version of eoolesiastioal events. So thoroughly distorted is the_ Protestant mind by the fabrications whioh it relies on as a real reoord of aotnal ooourrenoes that it greedily devours and believes the mad play-house rant contained in CffiSAB BOBGIA to be a veritable, literal, sober narrative of deeds whioh took plaoe. The serial story " Imola" is also assured to be a plain, unvarnished aooount of scenes in Italian and Oatholio life everywhere; and when this is so, it may be asked if there remains a lower depth in'the fool's hades of imbecile credulity into whioh anti-Catholio ignorance and weakness can descend. Garbled history was all that Mr. Westerman had read, ana this he perused in heedless disregard of complete and authentio history. He did not believe that any other than garbled Protestant history existed. Moreover, as a youth atsohool he had heard, for instance, the Athanasian Greed derided and denounced as nonsense and something worse. With no knowledge of ecclesiastical history, as written by Oatholios, and regarding that creed as a dooo • ment only to be oontemned, Mr. Westerman may be pitied rather than oensured when he flung it from him as a worthless weed is cast out of a flower garden and went on with Burnet and Barrow. But tbe mocking spirit had been aroused within him. He read everything required for "Ordination" with a jaundiced and distrustful eye. Franois Newman's book on the Hebrew Monarchy turned his thoughts towards the Freethought view of the Holy Scriptures, and Mr. Westerman for a time went adrift no whither. Against the'Oatholio system his soul had been abut from his infancy, and it never oame into his head that the Oatholio system was worth a single thought. To him it was a defunot giant whose carcase had been thrown out to rot on the world's dnnghill ever so many ages ago, and that only some odd old bones of the decayed skeleton — monster dogmas and futile decrees—now remained to attract the arobceologist's attention. And was this to be the grand result of the Incarnation, and the Sacrifice of the Gross? Did Christ die that Mr. Westerman might deny effioacy of the Atonement at his leisure 1 'The twelve apostles were sent into all the world to baptise all nations into one faith. Were this baptism an empty form, and this faith a round-robin of irreconcilable contradictions, whioh Mr. Westerman might spurn and sneer at as insults to his enlightened reason, and to doubt if any Ohrist ever was born ? Was it Christianity whioh said Ohrist was an impoBtor, and a cheat, and a liar? Mr. Westerman would have a God; but his God must be one to his own taste. There must be a God of some sort; but that God must not diotate to ns what We shall or shall not believe, but leave all that to ourselves and be thankful if we:do not send him about his business. Suoh was the " Creed" with whioh Mr. Westerman sat down to a free'and easy game of loo in Mr. Owen Bees' private parlour in the HoruiJm and Shovel Motel at Qrongar. " How doe my prinoiple," said he, " require that Mrs. Gwyder &ould; have three souls?" "BySthe same argumentative process," I replied, "by which you make the Athanasian Oread teaon that the One God.inHis threefold personality, Is three Upas. Mrs. Gwyder believes thatjin her one body She hasone soul and no more. The union of eogl fod body forms a hupan being. Every human being has a soul, and every soul has THBBX DISTINCT POWKBS in it, namely:—1st, the power of reasoning; 2nd, the power of willing; 3rd, the power of remembering; in other words, every human being has Understanding, Volition, and Memory. These three powers form one and the same soul. Three faoulties. One sonl. So, in God there are three powers—appearanoeB, distinctions, persons—whioh make God what He is, and who is revealed to us by the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Not three Gods, as some of your friends say, but three vpoataira in one and the same God; and I submit this to Mrs. Gwyder as another illustration of a Trinity in Unity and Unity [of Nature or Essenoe] in a Trinity of distinot constituent powers. Observe," I said to her,-" that the Understanding or Reasoning power is not the Memory, nor is the Memory the Will or power of self-determination. They are not three different souls, but three energies or powers in one soul. Why should you not maintain that they are Three Souls, just as you maintain that the Athanasian Creed teaohes that the Three irpoawira. or distinctions in God are three Gods ? You may as well maintain the one aBBertion as the other. You will hardly venture to deny that the human soul is endowed with Understanding, Will, and Memory; and I will dfefy you to explain Sow the three distinot powerB lit within one another in the soul. Yo cannot presume to describe this How. Does the Memory oooupy one side of the soul and the Beason another side ; and where does the Will reside ? The three have distinot funotions. The Beason cannot act for the Memory, nor the Memory perform any duty or operation bnt its own; yet they so oo-operate one with the other in the mental move- ments that no one can ever define where thelineof distinction is psychologically to be drawn between them, no more than you can draw a line of demarcation between tbe three floods of gaslight whioh poured forth from those three distinot gas burners over our heads, and whioh now illumines this parlour. Here, then, is a Trinity of the Human Sonl for you to simplify, and make plain to tbiok skulls like mine, before you proceed to demolish the Oatholio doctrine oonoerning the threefold personality of the Almighty God, who is Power Infinite, Wisdom Infinite, and Love Infinite; and if you can only analyse the Substance of whioh souls are made, and classify its properties, and show how the Memory is inserted in it, and how the Will is attached to the Memory and to the Soul, and how tbe three powers hold intellectual intercourse among themselves, then, perhaps, you may more expertly try your hand on God, in whose true and everlasting Divinity we Oatholios confess and adore in the Mass as having in eisentia unitat et in pertonit pro prielat, et in majettate equalitat." Mrs. Gwyder listened in silenoe to what I said, and when I stopped speaking and began to gather np the oards she observed that my last illustration was quite new to her, but with regard to the powers in the soul she thought she had read that CONSOIEKGB was also one of its powers. " And I have read," I replied, " that Oonseienoe is not a power, but an net of the soul, or the judgment which the sonl, in conjunction with the judgment of God, passes on its own aots, approving ^ or disapproving as the case may be. It is derived from eon, ' together,' and , 'I know' " "Beally," said Mrs. Gwyder, interrupting me, "I must bny a book and learn something about my soul and Athanasius as well. What book would you recommend to me, Mr. Westerman?" Allow me," I said, " to recommend to you a book " "Not too dear a book, you know," she said; "mypocket is not deep." The book that I recommend," I said, "will terrify you by its oheapness. The price is one penny." " A penny 1" she exclaimed, laughing. "Mr. Westerman," she said, "can you recommend anything oheaper than a penny?" He laughed and said: " I oan reoommend to you a dearer book. "Cheap things, you know, are not always good bargains." " But what is your penny book ?" said Mrs. Gwyder, "to illustrate the incomprehensible creed, as Mr. Westerman oalls it, of Athanasius?" "It is a OATHOLIO CATECHISM," said, " and if you will only learn it, it will enable you to peroeive that the Creed of Athanasius is but the Greed of St. John and all the apostles expressed is exact, definitive language. Bat, will you allow me to ask—or, rather, I should say, have you ever asked yonrsolf—what you mean when you speak of the Athanasian Greed as Has your talented tutor here" [bowing to Mr. Westerman] "ever taught you the etymology of the word?" •"Do not confer on me titles of honour to whioh I have no right," said Mr. Westerman, and thereby deprive Mrs. Gwyder'* spelling book of its meed of praise." "I take the meaning of ineomprehentible to be. what we cannot , rnnderstand," said Mrs. Gwyder. f'Thatlsnot the strict and full grammatical meaning," I-remarked. "Did you ever go Into the meadows,or the farm-yard and try to eholose a large haystaok in your arms? Ton oonwn t enclose it in one prehension. Did »OH aror attempt to enclose in one arfflful the lighthouse: OR Svdnev CTMdnnr *!: sOaue Otwayf ;-ipnr Sydney Heads or£»t ^Oape Otwayf arms are ridt long l enemgh to ®o ronna either of thenjT^^r «*» therefor®, in- oom-prehensible by yon. In-oom.p r8 v mM ytii' a means what yon cannot end£T^Sto the circle of your anas in one embraced* comes from the Latin—is, which s^ifi.. •not;' eon, 'together;' and prendo,oSv! hold of,' something you oannot ewfaS TOthinyow clasp or grasp. Itdoeinotm* «unintelligible, but it means what neith™ your hand, nor your arm, nor [metaplorf! oally] yonr mind or thinkmg oan take in on aooount of Ita {afcl ness. How any scholar oould so dishonW his scholarship and his college by soofih» gi the Athanasian Greed because the learned translators of it used the word < prehensible ' as the proper interpretation of the Latin and Greek originals seems to me to be something at whioh 18th eentiirv eduoation may blush. What is the statement whioh the Greed makes? It gayi that the three vpoaunra [persons, appear. anoeB, ;distinotions] whioh, in tbe phraseology of Christians, we are to speak of and think of as Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are eaoh respectively God as having a nature' an essenoe, or substance common to the three, and not, therefore, three Gods, int One God_ who has distinot powers in Him, with distinot names as above mentioned * and the Greed then states that the three persons in the Godhead, either unitedly or distinctively are 'incomprehensible.' Is this word a stumbling block to a scholar? Why, any Harrow or Eton boy who had construed his first 60 lines of Virgil might be pardoned for hooting at the illiterate misoonoeption whiob LL.D.'s, and M.A.'s, and even dons of u higher grade appear to entertain, and sometimes publioly?to betray,BB to the signification of this foully slandered and insulted word of six syllables. He general ProteBtant impression appears to be that' incomprehensible' means unintelligible: something whioh no one can understand. This is a most egregious mistake: a gross derivative blunder. Incomprehensible means something too large, too immense, too boundless to be held in the hand or armB. Mont Blanc or the TTiH 0f Howth are muoh too bulky for anyone to take up in their hands or arms. Both these mountains are therefore incomprehensible by the hand or arm of any man. They could not b» enoiroled by any hand. They could not be oircumsoribed by any arm. Incomprehensible means something whioh cannot be eentained in something else, as £1000 coald not be contained in a £6-note. The Iriib Sea could not be put into an egg-cup. The egg-cup oould not comprehend it—that is, oould not hold it. No one oould pour th« Atlantio Ooean into a wine-glass. The wineglass oould not oomprehend it, oould not take it in. Is there any falsehood or any absurdity in suoh assertions as these? No. No wine-glass oould contain the Paoifis Ocean, nor any egg-enp hold the Irish Sea. The sea or ooean would be incomprehensible by such diminutive vessels. But what is the mind of man that it should ever take in or hold in'its finite capacity and contain God in all the infinite immensity and eternal boundlessness of His supreme almightiness of creative Power and omniscient Wisdom and life-giving Love. The heavens and the heaven of heavens oannot contain Him. Neither time nor spaoe could enolose oroir- cumscribe Him. He inhabiteth Eternity. Does any human mind know or form an adequate idea of what Eternity is? No. Both God and Eternity are beyond the grasp of all oreated intelligence to take in a complete conception of them—as a sea shell oannot take in and contain the waters of the ooean. As regards duration, extension, and operation, only God Himself can; have a completely corresponding' apprehension. Only God oan know God in the unsearoh* able mystery of His own eelf-existent Power, Wisdom, and Love. As En*, God creates Existent, and the oreated oan never comprehend the Creator—that is, we oannot take in, or oontain;! we oannot frame or hold in onr oreated minds a conception or idea of God commensurate with and co-equal with the idea or oonoeption whioh our Creator has of his own creative omnipotence. Impuissanoe oould never rise to suoh a height. If it conld, then the oreated would attain to the inooinmunioable prerogative of God; and this is just what the Athanasian Creed teaohes when it declares God, whether as Power eternal, or as Wisdom eternal, or as Love eternal, to be "Incomprehensible," either in His Essenoe, Substance, or Nature, or in the mode of his threefold Being or personality as Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Creative Power, in forming Wisdom, beautifying, Life-giving Love; so that you see the classio term, ' Incomprehensible,'is simply Synonymous in the vulgar tongue which we speak with Uncontainable or, r Illimitable r" "It seems to me," said Mr. Westerman, interrupting me, "that your explanation goes a long way towards supporting Mr. Herbert Spencer's dictum that God is Unknowable, and to some extent palliates the POSITIVIST proposition upheld by the extreme disciples of Comte, that God is Unthinkable." " Of course,!', I,said, "a follower of Dr.. Channing and Mr. Parker cannot be, expected to perceive any force in an argument which is intended to Illustrate the Catholic doctrine of the trinity; but, to my mind, nothing can be more preposterously and self-evidently false than' Mr. Herbert Spencer's' dictum, that God is Unknowable. It is as much as to say that when the sun is shining in Mr. Herbert Spencer's eyes, the shining sun is invisible. The sun may just then be invisible to Mr. Herbert Spencer, but very luminously visible to all the other people in the street. We cannot know all that God is. We shall & a*' God C.bat ^e can SStHeX" all His essenoe, His threefold per- sonality. His perfections ' the angels desire to look into,' and shall be the inexhaustible theme of their theological studies for all eternity. What Mr. Herbert means is that we need not care about God. We do not care a great deal about those whom we don't know, and therefore we dismiss them from our thoughts altogether. The Positivist-Atheist dictum is that God is Unthinkable, and therefore does not exist. Now this nonsense, like that of Mr. Herbert Spencer's, comes of the Unitarian reading" [and I bowed slightly to Mr. Westerman] of the Athanasian Creed, which utterly mistakes the etymology of tho word 'incomprehensible,' as if it meant ' not understandable,' or unintelligible. Of course, if God be not understandable we cannot know Him. He is unknowable. And then, if God be unknowable, how can we think Him ? Ergo, He is unthinkable. We can think whatever exists. But God is unthinkable, and does not exist. Now, although we are finite beings, we can think finite thoughts, and with our finite thoughts we can think God on his objective side as He presents Himself to us, just as easily as we can think the moon, though we never see but one half of her, for she always presents to m the same disc, and we speculate upon her from what we see. But all this time," I said, " We are toying with our cards. The deal is with Mrs. Gwyder. And I collected the scattered kings and queens and laid them before her. 16th June, 1885. 