THE GHOST'S TOUGH.' BY WILKIE COLLINS. The Right of Translation is Reserved. FIRST PART. I. The coarse oi this narrative leads the reader on new and strange ground. It describes the retnrn of a disembodied spirit to earth — not occurring in the obscurity of midnight, but in the searching light of day ; neither seen as a vision, nor heard as a voice —revealing itself to mortal knowledge through the sense which is least easily self-deoeived ; the sense that feels. The record of this event will of necessity prodoee conflicting impressions, It will raise, in some minds, the doubt whioh reason asserts ; it will invigorate, iu other minds, the hope which faith justifies ; and it will leave the terrible question of the destinies of man, where oenturies of vain investigation have left it — in the dark. Having undertaken in the present narrative to lead the way along a BUooeBsion of events, the writer attempts no more. It is no part of his duty to follow modern examples by thrusting himself and his opinions on the pubiio yisw. He returns to the shadow from whioh he has emerged, and leaves the opposing forces of inoredulity and belief to fight the old battle over again on the old ground. II. The events happened soon after the first thirty years of the present century had oome to an end. On a fine morning, early in the month of April, a gentleman of middle age (named Rayburn) took his little daughter Luey out for a walk, in the woodland pleasure ground of Western London, Galled Kensington Gardens. I The few friends whom he possessed re- j ported of Mr. Rayburn (not unkindly) that he was a reserved and solitary man. He might have been more accurately described as a widower devoted to his only surviving child. Although he was cot more than forty years of age, the one pleasure which made life enjoyable to Lucy's father was offered by Lucy herself. Flaying with her ball, the child ran on to the southern limit of the gardens, at that part of it which still remains nearest to the old Palaoc of Kensington. Observing close ! at baud one of those spacious covered Eeate, oalled in England alcoves, Mr. Rayburn was reminded that he had the morning's news paper in his pocket, and that he might do well to rest and read. At that early hour the place was a solitude. Go on playing, my dear,' he said ; ' but take care to keep where I can see you,' Lucy tossed up her ball : and Lnoy's father opened his newspaper. He had not been reading for more than ten minutes when he felt a familiar little hand laid on his knee. 'Tired of playing?' he inquired — with his eyeB still on the newspaper. ' I'm frightened, papa.' He looked up directly. The child's pale face startled him. He took her on his knee and kissed her. 'You oughtn't to be frightened, Lucy, when I am with you,' he j said gently. 1 What is it ?' He looked out of the alcove as he spoke, and saw a little dog among the trees. " ' Is it the dog ?' he asked. Lucy answered : ' It's not the dog — it's the lady.' The lady waB not visible from the alcove. 1 Has she said anything to you ?' Mr. Ray burn inquired. No.' j 1 What has she done to frighten you ?' I The child put her arms round her father's I neck. ' Whisper, papa,' she said ; ' I'm I afraid of her hearing us. I think she's mad.'r I Why do you think so, Lucy ?' ' She came near to me. I thought she was going to say something. She seemed to be ill.' ' Well ? And what then 2' 1 She looked at me.' There, Lucy fonnd herself at a loss how to express what she had to say next — and took refuge in silence. « Nothing very wonderful, so far,' her father suggested. ' Yes, papa — but she didn't seem to see me when she looked.' Well, and what happened then ?' 'The lady was frightened — and that j frightened me. I think,' the child repeated, positively, ' ehe's mad.' It oocorred to Mr. Rayburn that the lady might be blind. He rose at once to set the doubt at rest. 'Wait here,' he said, 'and I'll come back to you.' But Lucy clung to him with both hands ; Lucy declared that she was afraid to be by herself. They left the alcove altogether. i The new point of view at once revealed I the Btranger, leaning against the trunk of a tree. She was dressed in the deep mourning of a widow. The pallor of her face, the glassy stare m her eyes, more than accounted for the child's terror— it exoused the alarm ing conclusion at which she had arrived. Go nearer to her,' Lucy whispered. They advanced a few steps. It was now easy to see that the lady was young, and wasted by illneBS — but (arriving at a doubtfuloonclusion perhaps under present circumstances) apparently possessed of rare personal attrac tions in happier days. As the father and daughter advanced a little, she discovered them. After some hesitation, she left the tree ; approached with an evident intention of speaking to them ; and suddenly paused. A change to astonishment and fear animated hor vacant eyes. If it had not keen plain before, it was now beyond all doubt that she was not a poor blind creature, deserted and helpless. At the same time, the expression of her face was not easy to understand. She could hardly have looked more amazed and bewildered, if the two strangers who were observing her had suddenly vanished from the place in which they stood ! Mr. Rayburn spoke to her with the utmost kindness of voice and manner. « I am afraid you are not well,' he Baid. ' Is there anything that I can do — ' The next words were suspended on his lips, It was impossible to realise so oh a state of things ; but the strange impression that she had already produced on him was now con firmed If oouid believe his senses, her face did certainly tell him that he was in visible and Inaudible to the woman whom he had just addressed. She moved slowly away with a heavy sigh, like a person disappointed and distressed. Following nee with hi eyes, ho Baw the dog ones more—a little siooolh- CQftted ieniec of the ordinary English breed. The dog showed none of the restlees nativity of his race. With his head down and his tail depressed, he orouohed like a creature paralysed by fear. His mistress roused him by a call. He followed her listlessly as she i iurned away. After walking a few paoes only, she suddenly stood still. Mr. Rayburn heard her talking to herself. ' Did I feel it again ?' she said, as if perplexed by some doubt that awed or grieved her. After a while, her arms rose Blowly, and opened with a gentle oaressing action— an embrace strangely offered to the empty air ! No,' she said to herself, sadly, after waiting a moment. ' More psrbapB when to-morrow comes— no more to day.' She looked up at the clear blue sky. ' The beautiful sunlight ! the merciful sunlight 1' she murmured. ' I should have died if it had happened in the dark.' Once more she called to the dog ; and once more she walked slowly away. 'Is she going home, papa?' the child asked. ' We will try and find out,' the father an swered. He was by this time convinced that the poor creature was in no condition to be permitted to go out without someone to take care of her. From motives of humanity, he was resolved on making the attempt to com municate with her friends. HI. The lady left the gardens by the nearest gate, stopping to lower her veil before she turned into the busy thoroughfare which leads to Kensington. Advancing a little way along the High street, she entered a house of respectable appearance, with a card in one of the windows which announced that apart ments were to let. Mr. Rayburn waited a minute, then knocked at the door, and asked if he could see the mistress of the house. The servant showed him into a room on the ground floor, neatly but scantily furnished. One little white objeot varied the grim brown monotony of the empty table. It was a visiting card. With a ohild's unceremonious ouriosity, Lucy pounoed on the oard, and spelt the name, letter by letter : ' Z, A, N, T,' she re peated, ' What does that mean ?' Her father looked at the card, as he took it away from her, and put it back on the table. The name was printed, and the address was added in pencil : ' Mr. John Zant, Purley's hotel.' The mistress made her appearance. Mr. Rayburn heartily wished himself out of the house again the moment he saw her. The ways in whioh it is possible to cultivate the social virtues are more numerous and more varied than is generally supposed. This lady's way had apparently accustomed her to meet her fellow creatures on the hard ground of justice without mercy. Something in her eyes, when she looked at Lucy, said : ' I wonder whether that child gets as much punishment as she deserves ?' ' Do you wish to see the rooms whioh I have to let?' she began. Mr. Rayburn at once stated the objeot cf his visit — as dearly, sb civilly, and as con cisely as a man could do it. He was conscious (he added) that he had been guilty perhaps of an act of intrusion. The manner of the mistress of the house ehowed that she entirely agreed with him. He suggested, however, that his motive might excuse him. The mistress's maimer changed, and asserted a difference of opinion. ' I only know the lady whom you mention,' she said, ' as a person of the highest respectability, in delicate health. She has taken my first floor apartments, with excellent references ; and she gives remarkably little trouble. I have no claim to interfere with her proceedings, and no reason to doubt that she is capable of taking care of herself.' Mr. Rayburn unwisely attempted to say a word in his own defence. Allow me to remind you,' he began. ' Of what, sir ?' ' Of what I observed, when I happened to see the lady in Kensington Gardens.' ' I am not responsible for what you observed in Kensington Gardens. If your time is of any value, pray don't let me detain yon.' Dismissed in those terms, Mr, Rayburn took Luey's hand and withdrew. He had just reached the door, when it was opened from the outer side. The lady of Kensington Gardens stood before him. In the position whioh ha and his daughter now occupied, their backB were towards the window. Would she remember having seen them for a moment in the Gardens ?' She said her few words of apology confusedly ; and, advancing to the table, took up the oard. ' Your servant tells me my brotber-in-law called while I was out,' she said to the land lady. ' He sometimes leaves a message on his card.' She looked for the message, and appeared to be disappointed ; there was no writing on the card. ' Mr. Rayburn lingered a little in the doorway, on the chance of hearing something more. The landlady's vigilant eyes discovered him. Do you know this gentleman ?' she said maliciously to her lodger. ' Not that I remember.' Replying in those worde, the lady looked at Mr. Rayburn for the first time ; and suddenly drew back from him 'Yes,' she said, correcting herself ; ' I think we met Her embarrassment overpowered her ; she could say no more. Mr. Rayburn compassionately finished the sentence for her. ' We met accidently in Kensington Gardens,' he said. She seemed to be incapable of appreciating the kindness of his motive. After hesitating a little she addressed a proposal to him, which seemed to show distrust to the land-, lady. ' Will you let me speak to you, upstairs, in my own rooms ?' she asked. Without waiting for a rep'y she led the way to the stairs. Mr. Rayburn and Lucy followed. They were ju t beginning the ascent to the first floor, when the Bpiteful landlady left the lower room, and oalled to her lodger over their heads : — ' Take care what you say to this man, Mrs. Zant ! He thinks you're mad.' Mrs. Zant turned round on the landing, and looked at him. Not a word fell from her lips. She suffered, she feared, in silence. Something in the sad submission of her face touched the springs of innocent pity in Lucy's heart. The child burst out crying. That artless expression of sympathy drew MrB. Zant down the few stairs which separated her from Lucy. May I kiss your dear little girl?' she said to Mr. Rayburn. The landlady standing on the mat below, expressed her opinion of the value ofcaresses, as compared with a sounder method of treating young persons in fears : ' If that child was mine,' she remarked, (I would give her something to cry for. In the meantime, Mrs. Zant led the way ! to her rooms. The first words she spoke showed that the landlady had suooeeded but too well in prejudicing her against Mr. Rayburn. ' Will you let me ask your child,' she said to him, ' why you think me mad ?' He met this strange request with a firm answer. ' You don't know yet what I really do think. Will you give me a minute's attention ?' 'No,' she said, positively. 'The child pities me. I want to speak to the ohild. What did you see me do in the Gardens, my dear, that surprised you ?' Luey turned uneasily to her father. Mrs. Zant persisted. ' I first saw you by yourself, and then I saw you with your father,' she went on. ' When I came nearer to yon, did I look very oddly, as if I didn't see yon at all ?' Lucy hesitated again, and Mr. Rayburn interfered. 'You are confusing my little girl,' he said. ' Allow me to answer your questions — or exouse me if I leave you.' There was something in his look or in his tone that mastered her. She put her hand to her head. ' I den't think I'm fit for it,' she answered, vacantly. ' My courage has been sorely tried already. If I can get a little rest and sleep, you may find me a different person. I am left a great deal by myself, j and I have reasons for trying to compose my mind. Can I see you to-morrow or write to you ? Where do you live ?' Mr. Rayburn laid his oard on the table in silenoe. She had strongly excited his interest. He honestly desired to be of some service to this forlorn creature, abandoned so cruelly, as it seemed, to her own guidance ; but be had no authority to exeroise, no sort of claim to direct her actions, even if she consented to accept his advice. As a last resource, he ventured on an allusion to the relative of whom she had spoken downstairs. ' When do you expect to see your brother- in-law again?' he said. ' I don't know,' she answered. ' I should like to see him — he is so kind to me.' She turned aside to take leave of Luoy. ' Good bye, my little friend. If you live to grow up, I hope you will never be such a miserable woman as I am.' She suddenly looked round at Mr. Rayburn. 'Have you got a wife at home ?' she asked. My wife is dead. ' ' And you have a ohild to comfort you ! Please leave me ; you harden my heart. Oh, sir, don't you understand? You make me envy you !' Mr. Rayburn was silent when he and his daughter were out in the Btreet again. Luoy, as became a dutiful ahild, was silent, too. But there are limits to human endurance, and Lucy's capacity for self-control gave way I at last. ' Are you thinking of the lady, papa ?' she said. He only answered by nodding his head. His daughter had interrupted him at that critical momeBt in a man's reflections — when I be is on the point of making up his mind. I Before they were at home again, Mr. Rayburn had arrived at a decision. Mrs. Zant's brotber-in-law was evidently ignorant of any serious necessity for his interference, or be would have made arrangements for immediately repeating bis visit. In this state of things, if any evil happened to Mrs. Zant, silence on Mr, Rayburn's part might be indlreotly to blame for a serious mis fortune. Arriving at that conclusion, he decided upon running the risk oi being rudely received for the second time by another etranger. Leaving Lucy under the oare of her governess, he went at once to the address that had been written on the visiting card left at the lodging-house, and sent in his name. A courteous message wsb ret'-rucd. Mr. John Zant was at home, and would be happy to see him. IV. Mr. Rayburn was shown into one of the private sittingrooms of the hotel. He observed that the cuBtom&ry; position of the furniture in a room had been, in some respeots, altered. An arm chair, a aids table, and a footstool had all been removed to one of the windows, acd bad been placed as olose as possible to the light. On the table lay a large open roll of mccocco leather, containing rows of elegant little instruments in steel and ivory. Waiting by the table stood Mr. John Zant. He said ; 'Good morning' in a baes voice, so profound, so melodious, that those two commonplace words assumed a new im portance coming from his lips, His personal | appearance was in harmony with his j magnificent voice. He was a tall, finely - i made man, of dark complexion with big brilliant black eyes and a noble, curling beard, whioh bid the whole lower parrot his face. Having bowed with a happy mingling of dignity and politeness, the conventional i side of this gentleman's character suddenly | vanished ; and- an insane side, to all appear- ance, took its place. He dropped on bis knees in front of the footstool. Had he forgotten to say his prayers that morning, acd was he iu such a hurry to remedy the fault that he had no time to spare for consulting appearances ? The doubt had hardly suggested itself, before it was set at | rest in a most unexpected manner. Mr. Zant looked at hiB visitor with a bland smile, and said : ' Please let me see your feet.' For the moment, Mr. Rayburn lost his presence of mind. 'Are you a corn-cutter?1 was all he could say. ' Excuse me,' returned the polite operator, j ' the term you use is quite obsolete io our j profession.' He rose from bis knees, and ! added modestly : ' I am a chiropodist.' j ' I beg your pardon.' ' Don't mention it ! You are not, I I imagine, in want of my professional services In my leisure hours, I amuse myself by I practising chemical experiments ; and I I sometimes write in a scientific journal. Perhaps you have heard of me it that way V 'No?' ' To what motive, sir, may I attribute the honour of your visit?' j By this time Mr. Rayburn bad recovered himself. 1 have come here,' he answered, 'under circumstances whioh require apology as well as explanation.1 Mr. Zant's highly polished manner betrayed signs of alarm. His suspicions pointed to a formidable conclusion — a conclusion that shook him to the innermost recesses of the pocket in whioh he kept his money. ' The numerous demands on me — 1 he began. Mr. Rayburn smiled. ' Make your mind easy,' he replied. I don't want money. My object is to speak with you on the subject of a lady who is a relation of yours.1 My sister-in- law !' Mr. Zant exclaimed. ' Pray take a seat.' j Doubting if be had chosen a convenient time for bis vitit, Mr. Rayburn hesitated. Am I likely to be in the way of persons who wish to consult you?' he asked. Certainly not. My hours of attendance on my clients in London are from eleven to one.1 Th? clock on the man elpiece Btruok I the quarter-past one as he spoke. ' I hope I you don't bring me bad news?' he said, very earnestly. ' When I called on Mrs. Zant this morning, I beard that she had gone out for a walk. Is it indiscreet to ask how you became acquainted with her ?' Mr. Rayburn at once mentioned what he had seen and heard in Kensington Gardens ; not forgetting to add a few words, which described his interview afterwards with Mrs, | Zant. j The lady's brother-in-law listened with an E interest and sympathy, which offered the strongest possible contrast to the unprovoked rudeness of the mistress of the lodginghouse. He deoUred that he could only do justice to his sense of obligation by following Mr. Rayburn's example, and expressing himself ae frankly bb if he had been speaking to an old friend. ' The Bad story of my sister in-law's life,' he said, ' will, I think, explain certain things whiah muBt have naturally perplexed you. My brother was lotroduoed to her at the house of an Australian gentleman v,n a visit to England. She was then employed as governess to his daughters. So sincere was the regard felt for her by the family that the parents had, at the entreaty of their children, asked her to aooompany them when they returned to the colony. The governess thankfully accepted the proposal,' 'Had she no relations in England?' Mr, Rayburn asked. She was literally alone in the world, sir. When I tell you that she had been brought up in the Foundling Hospital, you will understand what I mean. Ob, there is no romance in my sister-in-law's story ! She j never has known, or will know,- who her parents were or why . they deserted her. The happiest moment in her life was the moment when she and my brother first met. It was an instance, on both sides, of love at first sight. Though not a rich ma a, my brother had earned a sufficient income in mercantile pursuits. His c-heraater spoke for itself. In a word, he altered all the poor girl's prospects, as we then hoped And c&fefa;«d£ &HE; h#Ketteg.r; M pmplpyers Australiswqo tliaMhe I if najgfci hoqge, After mc voice 5 Mled i hb» sshe paHBea, and id i alsid/Tiarp not able, Haven y?efcit9peak' cqrapcsetUy ofmybrother s >iU dahth aLftt me mrty; fiwfcthat tha ppor young wife was a widow, before 4he happy Mny8 ?n i honhym- Wo That dreadful gii caHmHy riStrpiokchcr down. Before my; brother: st;.JiadthBftB epfemitted to the grave, her life was . inidangbeftom brainfever.' r . Tbow words plaoed m ft: h«w. UgW- i.i RayfcoriL'a.fitBt fear thather intellect might fVtie deranged. Looking at him attentively, > 3 iMri oant eeemed to uiutenrtaftd , what was passing fe 'the mind of his guest - t 'Not' he said, If the opinions of the medical men are to b& trusted, the result of the illness is injury to her physical strength— i iiot in ju ry to her mind. rJ I .have observed in:. . iier, no doubt, « oertain waywardness of ; temper sinoe her illness ; hut that is a trifle, v Awtw example )! what! mean, I may tell j. «ymi that I invited tier, von her recovery, to i> .i»v<me ft visit. My bouse is not in London the air doesn't agree with me— my place <?t f i 1 residence is-ai-St. Ann'a-on-Sea. am not J. myaalf a- married man; hot my excellent .i housekeeper would have received Mrs. Zant ii with the utmoat kindness. She was resolved > -obstinately resolved, poor thing— to remain s ; t in -London. . It is needless to say that, in her melancholy pogitio o, | am attentive to her i : ftbghteBt wishea. I took a longing for her ; a and j at herspeoi&l; request, I chose a house r-.i?whicb was -near Kensington Gardens' ? tr r la there any association with, the Gardens which led Mrs. Zsnt to make that request?' v? : Borne association, I believe, with the 4 memory other husband. By the way, I wish ; to be core of finding her at home, when I call to-morrow. Did you say (in the course f:l of : your interesting statement) that she v. - ; intended— aB you supposed— o return to irT ; Kensington Gardens to-morrow? Or hesmy , ernhmoryideoeived me ? . - . 'Your memory is perfectly correct, i i.-v 'Thank you. ?I confess I am not only v: diBtressed by what you have told me. of Mrs. Zant— I am at a loss to know how to set for ji ; .the best. My only idea, at present, is to try v - change of air and scene. What do you tuink t yourself?' ' I think you are right/ ; - Mr. Zant still hesitated. -It would not be ; easy for me, just now,' he said, to leave my patient& and teke ber abroad.' : The obvious reply to this occurred to Mr. Bay bum, A man ef larger worldly experience :? - might have felt certain suspicions, and might have remained silent. Mr. Rayburn spoke. ' Why not renew your invitation and take ha to yoaz house ftt. the yea side ?' he said. ! x < . In the perplexed state. of Mr. Zant's mind, c ; this plain coarse of action had apparently plaited to pmtent itself. His gloomy face : r. . s hrighfened diriMtly 'The very thing': he Baid. 'I will st- certeinly take your advioe. If the air of St. Anp's does nothiog elBe. it will itnprove ber . health, and help ber to reoover her good looks. Did Ehe strike yon as having been (in happier i r:- .days) »i»retty . woman ; I f Thiewas BBtrangelyfamitiar question toask : —ftlmost an indelicate question, nnder the r: mroumstances, . A oertain furtive expression jn Mr, Zast'a fine dark eyes seeded to imply that it had; been put with a purpose. Was it : : r poesiMo that:; he suspected Mr. Raybum's interest in his fiister-inrlaw to be inspired by ; A»y motive which was not perfectly unselfish :«nd perfeotly pure J . To arriveat Bach a con. ? v. : elasion as thiSr .might he to judge hastily and ernelly of a man who was perhaps only guilty ; . ofa wjantof delieftoy orfeeling. Mr. Bay- . >barahonestly< did rhis best to assume the charitable ppint of view. At the same time, t it ie cot to be denied that his words, when he next epokc, were carefully guarded, and that j he rose to take bia leave. , .. \- Mr John Zaut hospitably protested. Why r; : ftreyou iniwtffiahurry ? Mustyou really go ? I Shall h&ye; the honoar of returning your visit . to-morrow, when I have made arrangements to profit bj tbat excllent eutrgetion of yours. Good-bye. God bless you.' He held opt his hand ; a hand with a ftmooth - surface and a tawny colour, that ..fervently squeezed the fingers of a departing friend. 'Is that man a scoundrel?' was Mr. , Raybum's first, thought, after he had left the hotel. . . His moral sense set all hesitation at rest— and answered : You're a fool if you doubt it,' (vo br continued.) 