LITERABYJ^OTES. Before Mr^. G.; A. Sala-comea to Australia he will lecture in various cities of the United States. -'----? ,:? -?? ' . Mr, JL. L 'RfevfinQfm hast nnnhrihnted a blcod-curmm& ghost rtory to the Christmas ** extra' oi the Pail MaU Gazette, M. Zola's story, 'Germinal,' translated into English^ has began to make its appear ance in. the People, tinder the title of ' Master and Man.' , , Mr7 -Henry George has a long and weighty article on the late American election in the Democrat, a new weekly 'for men anprofessor*Dowden, of flDublih, contributes a critical introduction to a beantiful series of illustrations of ' Eomeo and Juliet' from the hand of Mr. F. Dicksee, A.R. A. i£r. 6. E. Buckle; the editor of the Timei, who ia, we believe, only in the thirties, is engaged to be manied to a daughter of Mr. James Payn, the noted novelist and magazine editor. . The appointment of European correspon dent to the New York Herald, is worth having. Mr. Edmund Yates held it for two years, and was paid at the rate of £1,200 per annum. . * ' '? ??? - A new novel by George Ebers, who has now recovered, will be shortly- pnblished. Admirers of 'Darda' and 'The Egyptian PrinceBa' will be glad to learn, that ' Serapis' will treat of ancient Egypt.: ,r :. The Cornhill of this month contains an article entitled ' Charles Dickens at Home.' It is written by his eldest daughter, and, will, it is expected, be a .valuable .contribution to the history of the great novelist. According to the United States Census Bureau the daily papers in the Union average one for every 10,000 of the population. In the United Bjngdom, says the Athenaeum, the average is one daily* paper to about 120,000. The CharterhouBe boya have followed, in the Grtyfriar, the example set them Borne months ago by the Rugby illustrated maga zine, the Leaflet. 'When will our Colleges follow suit? Harper's Christmas number is inferior both in illustrations and letterpress to its predecefisor ; not but that here and there one comes across a pretty picture and a good tale. Longman's illustrations are gaudy, but the literary work is by the beat hands. Mr. Ashton, the author of that interesting book, ' Social life in the JJeign of Queen Anne,' has flatly accused Mr. Justin McCarthy of stealing ideas from him without acknowledgment. Mr. McCarthy, in a temperate reply, clearly proves his innocence. The Claimant's 'Some Reminiscences of Ten Years' Detention at Dartmouth' will doubtless command a large sale. We have not yet heard of the date fixed for its publi cation, but it may be expected soon, as 'Sir Roger' is not likely to wait until interest in him has subsided. The Earl of Lytton devotes a great many pages in the December number of the Nine teenth Century to proving that the London critics weie all wrong in-their- judgment of Miss. Mary Anderson's Juliet, .and .that the American actress's conception of the part was almost wholly poetical andSnakspearian. Jane Austin, m one of her letters lately published by Lord Brabourne, says: — 'I have now attained the true art of letter writing, which, we are always, told, . is to. ex press on paper exactly what one would say to the same person by word of mouth. I have been talking to you almost as fast as I could the whole of this letter.' ' - * It is interesting (says the Academy) to find that the modern methods of petrological research, initiated in Germany, have by this time found their way into the Australian Colonies. This remark is suggested by a valuable paper contributed by Mr. A. W. Howitt to- the last part of the ' Transactions of the Royal Society of Victoria,' which has just reached this country. Mr. Howitt is evidently alive to the value of applying to the study of crystalline rocks the most refined methods of optical investigation. In bis ''' Recollections, and. Experiences' Mr. Yates quotes, a stanza from one of Robert Borough's Republican- songs. It is incisive and witty, and worth reproduc tion: — ? A . look at his akin at fonrscore years ! ' How fresh it gleams and. fair 1 He never tasted ill-dressed food, . Or breathed in tainted air. ' The noble blood flows through, his veins Still -with a healthful pink, Bis brow scarce -wrinkled. Brows keep so' That have not got to think. - Chaoeau bas, ' ?-?' CtaapeaubSs, ' ' . ? ; ? Gloire an Marqois de .Carabas I The -English literary papers have the fol lowing announcement :— *'Daringthe coming season Mr.vElliot Stock' will issue a series of volumes under the title of the 'Book Lover's Libwrry.'~ The~titles i or the early volumes' will be :— 'How to Form a Library, 'How to Manage a library,' 'How to Cata logue a Library,' 'How to Arrange a library,' and 'How to Make an Index.1 These volumes will be written by Mr. H. B. Wheatley, who will also edit the entire series. Among the later volumes, which will be issued at short intervals, will be the fol lowing : — ' N otes on the History of Printing,' 'History of Woodcutting,' Notes on Paper and Materials used for Books,' 'Old Adver tisements of Books,' ' Notes on Bookbinding,' 'History of Dedications,' and Oddities of Books.'' If we change the seasons so as to suit Aus tralia, the following extract from a Harleian MS. of the fifteenth century, which is com mented on in Harper's Monthly, may be a sufficiently suitable prophecy for us :— If Crystemas day on Thursday be, A wyndy wyntyt se shalle yee, Of wyndeB and wedera all wrecked, And narde tempestes sfcronge and tbycke. The somer abalbe good and drye, Cornya and beates shall multyplye ; That yere ye good londes to tyithe ; And kynjtes and prynces shall dye by skylle. 'What chylde that day borne bee, He shall have happe ryght well to the, Of dedes he shall be good and stabylle, Of specbe and tonge wyseand teasonabylle. Who so that day any thafte abowte, He shalbe shenta wythowtyn dowte ; - And yf sekenes on the that day betyde, Hyt shal sone fro the glyde. Mr. Moy Thomas, the dramatic critic of the Daily News, writes a scholarly letter to the Athenceum on the Bubject of Hamlet's age. He points out that 'the difficulty of the gravedigger's allusions, which ' is : the only difficulty in the way of those who in cline to accept the otherwise overwhelming evidence that Hamlet is a very young man, haB had its origin simply in that defective condition or illegibility of the playhouse copies, to which, many of the numberless blunders and corruptions of the text are clearly attributable. I believe it has not hitherto been noticed that although in the passage ' I have been sexton here man and boy thirty years' the second quarto (1604) reads 'sexton,' or rather 'sexten,' the folio reads 'sixeteene.' It is manifest that if the true reading be _! sixteen. here, man and boy thirty years,', the difficulty above referred to will no longer exist.' Mr. Edmund Gosse. in an address on ' Books and Beading,' has* the following : — 'Some people make too much labour of reading, as well as of other- things. I, a frivolous person, lean more to the pleasant side of life. We should read .what we our selves feel will do us good. Charles Kingsley, a great friend of my father's, when I asked him to recommend a course of reading, advised me to read all that, came in my way. Only a few of us need to be specialiats. There are certain! books which it is perfectly essential for everyman to read. Take six great prose works : ? The Pilgrim's Progress,' rThe vicar of Wakefield,' 'Robinson Crusoe,' ?Gulliver'B Travels,' 'The Essays of Elia,' and 'Macaulay's Essays.' If a man has these books thoroughly m his head, he will be an agreeable companion. I like novels. but have not time to read them, and I find few that interest me enough. But there are rix novels--' Tom Jones,' Heart of Midlo thian,'. 'Pendennis,' 'David Copperfield,' ?Emma,* and 'Jane Eyre.1 A man who knows these books will also be doubly agree ablest .r:,:.-o. :;,-?? - ?? Headers who prefer a quiet fireside with a book to field aports will sympathize in the feeling of the 'following .from Mr. James Payn's ' Some -literary Recollections' : — ' Twice a week I had to go hunting ; this I abhorred. I had a nice little bay pony ('Flash of Memory* Lightfoot), and could ride well enough,- but the proceedings were too protracted for my taste, and I wanted to to be at home to finish the 'Mysteries of Udqlpho' by the fire. There was one thing I disliked even more than hare-hunting. This was fox-hunting. All my family except myself had sporting proclivities, and many a time, through mistaken friendship, have I been given, ^a mounf with 'the Craven' or 'the South Berks,' which I would much rather have declined had I dared to do bo.^ It was not only my own repu tation, however, that was at Btake, and I had to go through with it. I remember on one occasion getting some very bad language from a huntsman for feeding some young hounds with cake in a wood. Sometimes the cold and the waiting about, and the having nothing to read, grew absolutely intolerable ; there was then nothing for it bat to dis mount, put clover or BOJiething in my hair, smear my shoulder with mouM, and ride home, 'haying met i with, rather a nasty ramble. '; . . It would have been netter (and cheaper) to have let me enjoy ^PeregrinePickle/ 'Captain Cook's Yovages.' ^??^we^Arabian Nights' all day without the .temptation of practising duplicity. My aEara?5 mother— kindesferof: women, and at that tiitus one of the most beantiful— was the only bniC»an being who understood me,' .InMrs Fenwiek Mffler/s 'Harriet Mar bnean' (Enunent Women Series) there is the following accojint of the celebrated authors acpeifence-'of Jaesmerfg .healing:— 'More I than once different mends— amongst taem Lord .Lytton, Mr. Hallam, and the Basil Montagus— had urged her to try mesmerism ; but she bad thought it due to her relative to give his orthodox medicines the fullest trial, before her taking herself out- of his hands in such a way. In June, 1844, however, Mr. Greenhow himself suggested that she should be mesmerised. Of coarse, so advised, she consented to make the trial. A Mr. Hall, brought by Mr. GreenhoWj accordingly mes merised her for the first time on June 22, 1844, and again on the following day. The patient 'thon^ht she experienced some relief, but did nofc feel quite sure. ' On occasion of a perfectly new exuerience scepti cism and self-distrust are strong.' The next day, however, set her doubts at rest. Mr. Hall was unable to come to her, and she asked her rnaid to make the rjasse3 in hi3 stead. Within one minute the'twilighfc and phosphoric lights appeared ; and in two or three more a delicious sensation of ease spread through me— a cool comfort, before which all pain and distress gave way, oozing out as it were at the sole3 oi my feet. During that hour, and almost the whole evening, I could no mere help exclaiming with, pleasure than a peraon in toriure crying out with pain. I became huETjy, and ate with relish for the first time for nve years. There was no heat, oppression, or sickness during the seance, nor any disorder afterwards. During the whole evening instead of the lazy hot ease of opiates, under which pain is felt to lie in wait, 1 experienced something of the inde scribable sensations of health, which I had quite lost and forgotten.' The 'Life of Bayard Taylor,' which has lately been published, contains a striking picture of Tennyson'a home. The writer says : — ' We arrived about 3 o'clock, and were ushered into the drawing-room. The house has been refurnished, and a great many pictures and statues added since 1 was there. In a minute in came Tennysou, cordial as an old friend, followed by his wife. In Tennyson himself I could see no particular change. He did not; seem older than when I Eaw him last. We walked through the park and gardens; then M. returned to the house, while he and I went up on the downs, and walked for miles along; the chalk cliffs atove the sea. He was delightfully free and confidential, and I wish I could write to you much of what he said ; but it was so inwrought with high philo sophy and broad viewa of life that a frag ment here and there would not fairly represent him. He showed me all hi3 newly acquired territory ; among the rest, a great stretch of wheat-fields bought for him by 'Enoch Arden.' We dined at 6 in a quaint; room huns* with pictures, and then went to the drawing-room for dessert. Tennyson and I retired to his study at the top of the house, lit pipes, and talked of poetry. He asked me if 1 could read his ' Boadicea.' I thought I could. ' Read it, and let me see,' said he. ' I would rather hear you read it,' I answered. Thereupon he did so, chanting the lumber ing lines with great unction. I spoke ol the idyl of Guinevere a3 being perhaps his finest poem, and said that I could not read it aloud without my voice breaking down at certain passages. '' Why, I can read it and keep my voice !' he exclaimed triumphantly. 'This I doubted, and he agreed to try after we went down to our wives. But the first thing he did was to produce a magnum of wonderful sherry, thirty years old, which had been sent him by a poetic wine dealer. Such wine I never tasted. 'It was meant to ba drunk by Cleopatra or Catherine of Russia,' said Tennyson. We had two glasses apiece, when he Eaid, ' To-night you shall help me drink one of the few bottles of my Waterloo —1815.' The bottle was brought, and after another glas3 all round Tennyson took up the 'Idylls of the King.' His reading is a strange monotonous chaat, with unexpected falling inflections, which I cannot describe, but can imitate, exactly. It is very impres sive. In spite of myself, I became very much excited as he -r ent on. Finally, when Arthur forgives the Queen, Tennyson's voice fairly broke. I found tears on my cheek3, and Mr. and Mrs. Tennyson were crying, ons on either side of me. He made an~effort arid went on to the end, closing grandly. ' How can you say,' I asked (referring to pre vious conversation), 'that you have no surety of permanent fame ? This poem will only die with the language in which it is written.' Mrs. Tennyson started up from her couch. * It is true !' she exclaimed ; ' I have told Alfred the same thing.' After that we went up to the garret to smoke and talk. Tenny son read the ' Hylas'' of Theocritus in Greek, his own ' Northern Farmer,' and Andrew Marvell's ' Coy Mistress.' . . . We parted at 2 o'clock, and met again at 9 in the breakfast-room. I had arranged to leave at noon, so there were only three hours left, but I had them with him on the lawn and in the nook under the roof. . . . Tennyson said at parting, ' The gates are always open to you. His manner was altogether more cordial and intimate than at my first visit. He took up the acquaintance where it first broke off, and had forgotten no word (neither had I) of our conversation ten years ago. When 1 sDoke of certain things in his poetry which ~L specially valued, he said more than once, ' Buz the critics blame meforjuat that. It is only now and then a man like yourself who sees what 1 meant to do.' He is very sensitive to criticism, I find, but perhaps not more than the rest of U3 ; only one sees it more clearly in another. Our talk was to me delightful ; it was as free and frank as if you had been in hi3 place. . . . I felt, when I left Farringford, that I had a friend's risht to return asain.' 