SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. SPORTING NOTES. In the matter of racing last baturda) s Caulfield meeting was one of the best ever held on the popular suburban course '1 he fields generally were large, and capital (implies vv ero the order of the afternoon Tue two year old race, which opened the pro ceedmgs, saw Louise Berta accomplish a tusk similar to that set her on tlie pre- vious Saturday at Moonee Valley, where she c,ot badly away But tlie boy on tlie filly *as within an ace of being beaten on the post through over confidence, and another stride or two might have been 1 dith repeat her Geelong performance As it was, Louise Berta only got home b) half a head, which goes to show that )oung jockeys should not be too confident, and should keep their ejes open even if winning os easily as the daughter ot Darnwell was in the last 100 j ards on Saturday I ouisc Berta is in the coming Marib)rnong Plate, Normanby Stakes, and Aacotvulo Stakes of the VU, C Spnng Meeting Hie Hurdle Race at Caulfield will not readily be forgotten, owing to the wonder fully easy victory of the South Auatra han horse Hie A_ent. whose victory a atone more would hardly have stopped Vi hen half of the journey had been covered, it was very evident that ever) thing was at the mercy of the little chesnut, who actually pulled up without a turned hair, whilst 1 ergusou had never once found it necessary to touch him livery now und again phenomena like 3 he Agent are coming to hj,ht and there were numbers of people last Saturday who averred him to be tlie best performer over hurdles seen for manyada) The Grand National Steeple chase was conspicuous for the somewhat unexpected success of Granville, after his third to bcobelolf and Postboy ut Moonee Valley on the previous Saturdaj when also he started favourite Such are tlie ins and outs of racing 1 hore is not much to engross the attention of sportsmen this week 1 lie entries for the Llstemwick park meeting on the 20th inst, however, must not be overlooked today, as tliey close at 4 p m lhere are seven events, comprising a trotting event for the three minute class, a hurdle race, two Bteeplo chases and three races on the Hat one a handicap for two )ear olds The weights will appear tina day week 1 here was no betting at the clubs -on Satur day nicjit 3 he tenerol entries for the Stawell Amateur Racing Club s meeting on \\\ cdnesday close to morrow 'lho entries for the nc\t meeting of the Sydney latteraall s Club also close on'lues dai, to Mr I Perry, at Tattersall a Club A demonstration has been mode against tlie bookmakers, who for a long time past have been allowed to assemble in front ot the Melbourne 3-Xcliange every week day with out let or hindrance, -he police have put a stop to the practice, and it is now announced that Bowes s Tattersall s Club rooms will in future be open at 11 every morning Hie programme of the September meeting at Moonee Valley ia announced There are five events, viz -The Spring Hurdle Race, of 75 sois., about one mile and three quar tera , the september Stakes, of 50 aova, halt a mile, the West Bourke Steeplechase of 100 sova , second to receive 20 so vs., about two miles and a quarter, Selling Race, of 50 sova, half a mile, and the Spring Stakes, of 50 so va, live nuda half furlongs. Imtries for the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase close on the 27th inst, and for the other events on the 31st The nomination ia a sovereign. Mr Cox, it will be seen, is increasing the added money lhe only coursing meetings this week will be those ot the Prahran, Coburg, and 3 aat Bourke Club, on Thursday , the North . western Club, on Vi cdnes- day , and the Caniambo and Gowan garlie Club, on thursday Entries for the Prahran Ladies' Bracelet close at Jackson s Hotel, Chapel street, to morrow evening 'Hie entries for the Clunes and Majorca Coursing Clubs meeting ot Monday next close on friday The members of the Berrima District Coursing Club, in New South Wales, intend to give a complimentary meeting to Mr R. L. Tootb, at Lridge park, on his return from Lngland ZZZ) ~ -**~ lhe programme for the next Moonee Valley coursing meeting is advertised There are five eight-doe stukes at from 2 to S sovs each, and tour sapling stakes, at from 2 to 3 sov s each T lie date of tile meeting is the 12th of September Pedestnanism of late years has been neglected lp and about Melbourne, but efforts arc being made to introduce Sheffield bandi cups, which are verj popular in the old country 'lhe originators are Messrs Mel rose and Robinson, who lune laid out a capital track at the Melfort Inn Lssendon They give 100 sovs for a Sheftield Handicap, as an opening event to be run on the 6th and 7th of September The distance is 140 yards lhe winner will receive GO sovs and a silver cup, and the second, third, and fourth, 25 sova., 10 sov8, and 5 sovs 'lho entries closed on Saturday last, and the handicaps will be published on or before next Saturday , whilst the acceptances are due on the follow mg Saturda) '31133 VAfC S-l-l-PLECHASn MEE II NO lhe Victona Amateur 'lurf Club held their steeplechase meeting at Caulfield on Satur day and although the weather waa broken, and a couple of smart showers fell at nicoll veulent periods, the attendance waa decidedly good The fair promise of the forenoon w as largely responsible for the fact that the ground returns were 30 per cent better than on last Grand National Day, and it may be presnmel that the railway receipts will show the burne substantial increase Although the new stand on the Hat may bo expected to pay lor itself at tho spring meetings of the club, it wua not patronised on Saturday, when tlie want ot some covering overhead made it an un le suable position Rapid progress is being made with tlie extension of the grand stiiuil proper, and the need of it was shown in the tact that the ordinary accommodation was taxed to the utmost limit Amongst the visitors was His Lxcellenc) the Governor, w ho drove out by road The racing commenced with the Sapling Slakes for which a splendid fu Id of 22 two year olds caine to the starting post Not- withstanding a disappointment at Moonee \ alley on the previous Saturday Louise Berta waa again made a strong iavounte. Indeed, so conli lent was Mr 3_ L Smith of repeating hist )ears feat, when Melodious won so easil), that stirling at 10 to 1 he backed the daughter of Darnwell until the ring men would oller nothing better than 3 to 1 Louise Berta looked as well as an)thing in tile race, most ot the joungsters being above themselves. '3 he favourite being vv itli Anita next the rails, had a good position, but she only showed in front as the field swung round into the straight, and tlie race was then practically over Hie boy rid uig her however, foolishly turned right round ni his sa Idle and eased the lily, so that when Cope on Pdith came vv ith a rush, the favourite was only landed the winner by a bare half head and in a couple of strides more must have been beaten It was a race as pearl) as possible thrown aw a) Ginbaldi who was a good deal fancied ran third It was a noticeable p mt that the three placed horses all liad their enrly lessons in r icing at Caul field A field of 13 horses carne out to contest for hurdle race hone urs Hie fact that the followers of the Dowling 1 orest stable ha 1 bucked Huntsman in doubles with W j inlet k1 ti it c,reat deal of strui"ht out business about tlie former and the odds against bun at startinc, were') to 2 not too liberal considering the charucter of tlie race lhe \gcnt, notwithstanding Ins foul wusnt 4 to 1 an I Hippogriff lull bound suppott at np mt more in the first round lhe .host in to mi. to jump tliroiic,li instead of over tlie hurdle opj site the stand, rolled over and shot Batt) uivj) t) one aide Devizes fell at the top of the lull nn 1 m the second roun 1 1 lie Ace carne to gnof at the bael of the couisc near the mud Wall Cope who ro le lum was ¡nought in bv the ambulance ins ince coveted with mud, but he was not senousl) hurt t ornean kept the luvourite in a c,ood position all through while Hie Ai,cnt canterci along lengths oeliind an)thing in the race Approaching the turn for tin last time he closed up and Mung pustule others with the greatest < ase cime home a most comfortable winner by six lengths It waa a great performance, and the cheers from all I arts of the course s owed that the merit of the feat was quite recog iiised \s the bullit little ehesnut-both in action and build a genuine Aral)-came back to the paddock there was nothing to Bhow thflt he had just won a two milo race except the damp saddle mark for otln rwise he had nrit turne 1 ii hair, nnd not the slijitcst mark of whip or spur could be seen 1 he Agent s double victorv at 1 lemington and Caul field in lSo5 is lil ely to be re mutnbcrcd. Duration led the rest of the field home, but Huntsman did not t,et a better position than fifth Hie Selling Itnce -the only failure of the day in the point of l_ood fields-was reduced to a match between Cmcinnntus and Breeze, the former being favourite at 7 to 4 on bun The favourite however was very disappointing for the plain looking cliesnut cantered along in frontot lum, nnd won as he liked Hie club got £40 of the stake back, tina being the price that the owner of Breeze paid to keep the horse 1 he o« ner of Cmcinnatus vv as so dissatisfied willi the colt s poor perlormance that he sold him unmcdiitely after the race Hie chief ov en t, the G rand Nntional Steeple chase, came next, and the fact ot all nine horses being backed showed that the race waa considered a ver) open one v.v)mlets position was not weakened by the failure of the other halt of the double and he was a sound favourite at odds of ö to 2 against bim Hie Agents easy victory led many to suppose that the Adelaide people had the double m their own hands and the stable were very confident on the point (jovernor-who, with 1 ergnson in the saddle, looked just the stamp of horse to win a steeplechase-had therefore a cordial support The trio Sailor, Granville, and Luette, were equally backed at 7 toi lhe steeplechase course was much more formidable than when the Marquis of \\\ nterford scored his v ictory last v ear Opposite the stand a big double had been added in the shape ot palings and a tjpical "chock and log " Viewed from the take off side, tile white palings seemed tern bly high, and trouble was anticipated at this point Npr.wcre these conjectures wrong I lor stirlmg up near the turn the horses were I ol lined to take the palings ut the very outset, and Governor and Vulcan both came down lefguson was quickly astride the Adelaide horse again, but the fall had its effects, for Governor baulked on the top of the hill At the fence be}ond tins point little Minerva tumbled over and on rising limped away on three lega Lady Ashton led through out nearly the whole of the race and lier jumping was something remarkable She sprung so high over the first fence that exclamations of surprise were heard nil round the course, and right through the race there was on unusual quantity of daylight between the mare and the top of the timber Ujmlet on the other hand, jumped in the mos,t slovenly st) le, hitting his fences hard with both ioie and lund legs Indeed the Ballarat horoe may be said to hove climbed over rather than jumped the fences, and it waa a marvel how he kept on his legs Onl) an accomplished horseman like Corrigan could have kept astride lum, and once or twice tile rider was shifted by the shock clean out of the saddle Going past the stand the second time the palings were too much for the big jumper Studley Mr A\ utaon remounted the horse and took him at the logs, butStudle} rou right into the lenoe and stopped lowards the finish it seemed, that Lady Ashton would never be beaded, and this might have been the case had she not swerved tar out at the turn, lins old fault on the part of the mare gave Granville his opportunity, and he got a couple of lengths lead as they landed over the bruah fence in the straight Here Iluht showed Ina judgment for although well in front, he knew Lady Ashton s superior pace, and never slackened his exertions on Gran ville for an mstnnt Au expected, Lady Ashton came very fust os soon as tho jockey got the mare straightened, but the swerve hud lost her the race, for Hu lit, riding Gran ville desperately, got the liivenna horse home n winner by half a length, Lizctte being third Granville, it will be remem bered, commenced well at Caulfield some time ago by winning a steeplechase m his maiden attempt over the course, and re peuting the feat when, through the road not being clearly marked, the roce wua ordered to be run over again The regret- table incident in the race was that little Minerva, a mere pon) amongst steeple choBera brol e one ot her forelegs above the knee and will probably be destroyed Tina would lim c been done on Saturday but for the fuct that the mare was insured for £400 two days before the nice in the Australasian Live Stock Insurance Company, and it was ncces sary to have a veterinary surgeon s certificate ns to lier uselessness before she Could be shot Governor was also strained in his fall, and this no doubt accounted for his refusal to jump when remounted 'Hie days racing finished with tho seven furlong scamper between the 25 horses who saddled for tho Balaclava Stakes. Too loo was made the favourite, and the big mare should have won bad she been ridden with better judgment After beatinj, ever)thing round to tho straight she was. unwisely eased, and Cracknell, bringing Bohemian with n wonderful rush right be tween the Jeadinç horses, won by a neck It wns a daring piece of horsemanship, and worthy of rank amongst some of the beat feats performed by the crack light weight rider The following aro details of the racing - THE SArLINO STAKES Of 100 sovs Tor two tear olds Three lurlenes. Mr L. L Smiths br f Louise Berta, by Darriwill \- xletho 7st7lb (Mair) 1 Mr J Cohen s bl or br f Ldltli, by Glorious-Man gana, 7st 71b (Cope) 2 Mr E Weeks s b c Garibaldi, by Neckersgat Bellona, 7st 121b (Williams) 3 Mr li Gray s bro Retort 7st lSlb (Barkor) 0 Mr G I avis s b o Manxman li (lato Manxman) 7st 121b (Robertson) 0 Mr H A Kcnnodos bl o Dcfrauder, 7bt 121b (Stonneil) 0 Mr li ilellam) abo Geelong- 7st l"lb (01 is) 0 Mr 1) M Robertson s b o Claudlan ?st 1-lb (Ltur ton) _ 0 Mr J Patersons bo Uranus 7st 121b (Power) 0 Mr W liclus b o Uloiidlii 7st 14b (leam maso) 0 Mr K. Weeks s b o Caulfield Tit 151b (Mooro) 0 Mr H Conollv »bo lion Gioian 7st Ula (White) 0 Mr IL Cotiolly abo Lord Chancellor, 7st 121b (bonce) 0 Mr li B Tothills b o La Crosse, 7st 121b. (Londonolh) 0 SirW J ciarlo s chf Anita, 7st 71b (Saunders) 0 Mr B G ra j a g f Colleen Ulla» 7st 71b (T Broun) 0 Mr O Davis s t f Dulcet 7st 71b (Cartel) 0 Mr J ltcdfcarii s br or bl t Aspramontc ''st 71b , carried "st nib (O Brion) 0 Mr S Minor's b f Myna 7st 711» (Tuom)) 0 Mr J U Itoliiireson s bilbo Min 7at 71b (Mddos) 0 Mr OUT Harts br f Clemency, 7st 71b. (Uutchlus) .. 0 Mr * lozersbf Lottie 7st71b (Waiker) 0 netting -3 to 1 ngst Louiso Berta 7 to 1 each agst Manxman II Uranus, Uloudin, Antta Aspramonto, and J-dlth 10 to 1 at,st Garibaldi and Caulfield Thero was naturally oousilerablo trouble at tho post with so lareoalield of )Oun^stors Manxman 1! at llrst refused to como un to IiIh horses and then Don Giovan and Caulfield broke aw a} A falso start followed most of tbo horses breaking awaj Mjna galloped right round Into tho straight before she oould be stopped Louise Berta and Anita bad tho best positions on the fnsido, and at last tho Ila* went down Colleen Dbas jumped away with the lead but at tho turn Claudlan and Don Giovan wero in front the lattor 1 oing first round the turn Hero I oulso Herta rushed out and comble; to the stand seemed to bo winningcaail) The rider turned round to look at the others, and Fditb coming with a good rush nearly cauçht tho favourite on the post Louise Beria won b) half a head and Edith was a longth and a half in advance of Garibaldi, Anita was fourth The ¡sun fifth, Don Giovan sixth, Claudlan soi entb Aspramonto eiehth and Manxman II lost Tbo fourth fifth, and sixth horses vvcro uearly together limo 4üs HA>D10Ar HURDLE BACE Of 200 sovs , ndded to a sweopstakes of 6 sois, caoh Second horse to recelvo 60 sovs outot the stako Two miles. Mr C. 11 r Harts oh h Tho Agent by Slan dorer-Lue) accd 12st lib (Ferguson) 1 Mr I Cripps s bl h Duration, 6)rs, Ost 121b (SI Leo I) 2 Mr T Colfov's big Raven, aged Ost 101b (Oreo) S Vlr I Foulbfiamsl) g lluuUman d)rs list Jib (Corrigan) 0 Mr J Whiteheads b g Star, a"'0d lost 131b (Goodlo) 0 Mr J 1* D Laurie s br g Guardfish, ac,cd, lust 121b (Beauchamp) 0 Mr 1L O lalbots b o Hippogriff 4}rs, lOst 21b (Allen) 0 Mr It Philips s oh m Tattler, aged, Ost 131b (Iluht) 0 Mr J G Reid s eli g Tho Ghost, aged, Ost 121b (Ditto 0 Mr O 1)ers s eh g Oculist, aged Ost 121b (Caro)) 0 Mr J M Grados b r h laiitaliser, aged, »st Sib (Hill) 0 Jil A Summers bg Ace aied, Ost 01b. (Cope) 0 Mr W Itclls cb g Dollies a"ed, Ost 61b (M Gowan) 0 Betting -5 to 2 agst Huntsman 4 to 1 ogst Tho Agent 6 to 1 a"st Hippngiirf b to 1 each agst Guard ( fish 10 to 1 each a^st ¡star, Duration Ilio Ghost and Haven Itavon took the lead at tho start but after thoy passed tho llrst bunllo Guardfish was in front tho others wero in a heap closo toe,otl er with The Ac,cntlast Aloi L. the bl le Roven ant Oculist were tho leading pair but Aco shortl) afterwards de j rlicd them of the le d He was followed by Haven Dovizes and Star willie The Aeci t was a long wa) list Comliic. lito the straight Ace was still In ad anco follows II) Quarlllsli Raven Devizes an 1 Duration G irlflsh vas llrst jost the stand i n I boro TI c C1 ost strut! the bindle lah way ui an I fell lhe loree rolle 1 over lut Hatt) »as thrownawi) to oi c s de aldeane dom clever!) liming the bill Itavei and Gllardrxh »ero the I a 111 g lair i ith I ci 1res <.tir aid Ace next, an t lattler on I Tantalistr ti o la. 11 air Dciizcs fell II ti o tap of the hil! I it ti c r 1er was all rierl t 11 o | see Ollie e d materia 1) as ti o I ors s I a se 1 up towards III bick where Riven oi 1 Guorllisli vr ro still lea Ibu with Duration I lol "side then Ho Aeentand Huntsman i oro elo'.o ii| mil tbo i air were folio ni b) Uti i o.rid and Ocullsr with Wier aid Tai tal »or li t Sear tie mill wall Ace fell ml Co) la iii lor the jump o feood dell shaken Tío A"c t slot o it as the 1 ursca a| I r ach d the t ir a d c i t r l ho i a amid cou tinucd cheers «nu B li it o it six ki "Ills f o n Duration wli > was li roc le tin in i li ance el liai en llupo"rirf vas fmutb lim l i ii fifth Giurdi sli sixth Tattler lioM al I the i cal e Oe lint Seir ii d lautahser Time -lui Jb A SI I UM! IIACl Of CO sovs The winner to le boll for ¿100 lour furto es. Mr II Halm s s cb e I red bt I ntllsliiiiaii Cat paw (nil) 6 } rs Sst (1st (W lib i s) 1 Mr D M liol el Mon s b c Ciiieiuiiatiis (nil) 4 ¡re Bat 71b (burton) 2 Butting -7 to I on Cinclnnatli« lhe pur raced together to the tmu, where Ciliclu tutus was under tho whip Breeze can tcrcd home a ces) winner b) a Icnsth and a half Time 55s The . inner was brought ill for £40 THE CAULFIELD GRAND "ATIOVIL STEEPLE CHASE. A handicap of 3o0sov. added to a s-ccpstakos of 7 cois, each Ti o second horse to rccelvo 76 sors and tho third horse _5 sois. About two miles and a half Mr J Huhtsbr li Granville b) Ebor-Sib) 1 aged, le-t (Jib (Huit) 1 Ho i W P-irsoi s b ni Lady Ashton, aged Ost l"lb (Gardiner) « ,2 Mr S Martins b in Lizctte aged list 111b N <_--_) S Mr C li T Harts brgGoverjor axed list [lb (Ferguson) 0 Mr M Loughlln-b g Wymlet 6)rs, list (Corr! tan) , 0 Mr L G W richi s br m Minerva aged lost -lb (M Qoiian) 0 Mr G Russell s ch g Sailor aced lOst (SI Leod) 0 Mr O Crppsa br g Vulcan 5 )rs 9st 121b (Malone) 0 Mr b. Miller's b _. Studley, 0 yrs Ost 71b (Mr W atson) 0 Betting, -5 to 2 ag"t W ) inlet 4 to 1 agst Gol eruor 7 to 1 each agst Llzette Granville and .altor 8 to 1 agst Minería, 10 to loacli^agst Lady Ashto i ana ¡studley 1. to 1 oust Vulcan When tho flag went down Lady Ashton got away first with I izette, btttdlcy bailor Minerva Governor and Wymlet next. At tlio second jump Governoratid Vulcan foil but tho former was remounted and galloped after the others Lady Ashton lod to tlio fence on tlio bill and on to the second fence where Minervafcll Goicrnor baulked here and went no further Going along tho back of the oourse thu order was Lady Ashton, Studio) Llzette bailor Gram ¡Ho and Wymlet. Lady Ashton hod a titree lengths lead at tho sod wall and was (.oing high over tier fences vv-hl!o Wymlet on tho other hand was hitting tho obstacfes hard and c.oIng badly Approaching the bl;, fences at the stand for the second time at tho first of tile trcblo Studley fell His rider remounted and put him at the logs, but the horse was done and ron rieht into tho fe co. Going up the bill for tho se condtiute Lady Ashton was leading with Granville llzette Sailor and Wvnilot folio Uni, in order Wymlet was nearly don il colng round the sido. They were all to.cthcr at tho back and any horso except the favourite who was palpably tired out mighthavo been picked as the winner Sailor dropped baok beaten after they oros.cd tho mud wall and then Granville and Lady Ashton drow out and raced over tlio lost two fences together They landed over or throuch tho brush together vvhon Granville got a couplo of lengths lead lluht although iii front still rode desperately and showed his good judgment In doit g so, for Lady Ashton carno again and wa« within half a length of Qranv Hie at the finish Llzette was third threo lengths behind Lady Ashton Wymlet vv ho io it a lot of ground b) striking tile lost fence fourth and Sailor next Timo ßm 00s. THE BALACLAVA STAKES. Of 100 sov ï Sov on furlongs. _lr T Jones s br o Doheinian by Maribyrnong Mna 4) re Ost 111b (Cracknell) 1 Mr A Sclman s br m Too Too 6 v rs 7st (Ilu.hcs) 2 Mr J Whittingham s b h Claptrap 0 ) rs 8,t (M. Trahau) 8 Mr J 1) Robertson s b g Stationl, 0 } rs Ost 31b (st. Albans) 0 Mr J W aro s eil h Ir raleo aged Ost 211) (Jenkins) 0 Mr J G Held s eh m Grace barling, (I } rs, Sat. 111b (J Williams) 0 SlrWJ Clarke a cr g rhatltom aged, "st 81b (A Robertson) 0 Mr O li T Harts bo Jocular 4 yrs 7st Sib (O Hutchins) 0 Mr A Saquis b h Mlstako 0 yrs 7st 71b. (T Broun) 0 Mr W Langlo) s br li Stationer, aged "st 71b (T Moffatt) 0 Mr J W ilson tun s, br o Ringmaster 3 yrs, 7st 01b (a Moore) 0 Mr P Koli) sob g Warnold 0 )rs 7st 81b, in eluding filb penalty (Bunco) 0 Sir J W ¡Ison jun s b o lho Bey, 4 v rs "st 21b (1 age) 0 Mr It Battys eli li Umberto, 0 jrs 7st lib (Rhodes) 0 Mr 1 Haw koa br m Reprise, aged 7st lib lOlcasb)) 0 Mr . Coflo) s b f Rebus 4 } rs 7st (Cox) 0 Mr J W hittingbaiu s b h Mcntmoro 5 ) re "st. (Gii)) 0 Mr T Coffo) s b f llone-j comb, 3 yrs Gat 121b, carried 7sL ljlb (Sanders) 0 Mr J Leeks oh m St. Ellen 6 yrs Ost 121b (Veeson) 0 Mr J G Reids bl o -.inicio, 4 )rs, Ost 111b (Levien) 0 Mr M Jacobs s eli f Sedition 8 )rs Ost 10lb (-edfearti) 0 Mr a Krushka s b g St Albert 0 yrs Ost Sib (Barr) 0 Mr H Haines s br o Ghisys W arning, 4 ) re OsL 01b (Gorry) 0 Mr J Leek's b o 11) mt ton 3 ) re Ost 41b (Strat- ford) 0 Mr A Davies s b g Baron Neckar 8) re Ost (Davis) 0 Hotline. -3 to 1 aj,st Too Too 0 to 1 agst Gipsy e W arning 7 to 1 agst claptrap S to 1 agst Bohemian, 10 to 1 each against btaflord, 1 hantom and Honey coi ib Tho horses stood at tho starting post In a storm of rain, so that their colours wera barely dlgUngulshal-o. Trom a straggling start the favourlto got mia) as well as anvthing and with Hono)comb was rut ning in front after tho field had moved a short distance At tho back of tho course loo Too and St Albort vvoro together, and as they approached tho turn War flold was with thom for a moment Horo Ringmaster aUo lookod dangerous Rounding the turn tho first live horses wero Too Too Rlngmastor Umberto Honevcomb and St. Albert Too Too led into tho straight and had sho boon better ridden must have won comfortably Within a hundred v ards of tho post Cracknell broucht Bohemian with a daring rush ri_.ht botvvoon tho two leading horses nnd through híB fino horseiuaneliip latino, tho son of Marl-}ruong a clovor winner by a neck Too Too was a length in advanco of Ciaptrap who also f" u rery tase towards the finish Gtnsv b Warning lias fourth, Rlngmastor fifth, Warflold sixth, and St Ellen lost lime lui 33s. SYDNIW SP031TING NOIES [BY SPLCIAL WIRL ] (raosi Our Correspondent ) SYDNEY, Saturdat A clear fine morning induced trainers to commence work early to daj Useful work (nothing fast) was the order of the day Monaghan was the firs, to appear, Bending Ina string at half pace. Lamond sent Klngadnie Orator, and liocket a good strong once round Hie first mentioned is in good heart, but can hardly be ready for Ilawkesburv Phaon and Magnifier also did good work Shortly after bieulc fast Ticlder, the Clarence River trainer, sent San Jose and Luabalong a sharp Brun over six furlongs, finishing well Hexham, who is last coming on, beat Pretoria over six furlongs 1 olly nnd Wanda cantered, whilst Highland Mar), going rather abort vvub accompanied by 1 radical over a strong mile and a quarter 1 he latter, w ho lias never appeared more mus culur, lind the best of tnehlly Happy Ihought and Cairo two of tlio best conditioned horses in work, cantered once round, nnd then mended the pace for a strong mile Hie colt should be handy at the V H C Dcrbi Abner, who is big and ilcsh) looking cantered mid I ifeboat I ord of the 3-iiike, Rapid and Lamia were tre ited to slow w( rl \\\ illeroo, vv ho now begins to look something like ins former self bowledalongovcracouplu ot miles at half pace 1 Ihngton appeared to have 1 irst Chester m great trouble at the end of a mile and a quarter 1 he Now Zeal indera w ere bent on to tlie tan for long, useful work, where Mr rennelly sent his string aloni. Matchlock is looking really well and with Uralla, will clear the three jear old boards here Monte Christo and Despot weie sent a c tuple of miles for strone, useful pace work Both are, apparently, destined for Melbourne Angora and Uralla did easy tasks together Mr lenuelly was absent Irom the courte and it was rumoured that a trial was to take placent the lion Jua Whites I arm Kirk ham, between the Marib)rnong youngsters Campbell, the jockey, who was hurt at tlie Rosehill ltaces last Saturday lias been dis charged from the Parramatta Hospital All the money available at 100 to 3,4 5 and 6 was taken aboutWing foi the Hawkes bury Handicap to day Kingsdale has been nibbled at to win n couplo of thousand at 100 to 6 and 0 Minoran, win has jome I Mayo s stable was also the medium of u little speculation at 100 to 4. the Metropolitan Stakes und A J C Derby are a dead letter I1UN1ING THE Ml LBOURNE HOUNDS 'Hie pretty village of Heidelberg was en livened on Triday last by a moot of the Melbourne Hounds a larc,« party of ladies and gentlemen assembling there at 2 o clock in the afternoon Passing the Old 1 ngland Hotel, the hounds were taken along tlie Ijltham road for a mile Hie throw oft taking Îilace over a stiff two rail fence. Keeping eltham on the right, a double was met with, at which Syphon blundered badly, then turning to tlie rieht, ascending a lull in the direction of Bakers farm, a big three railcr was negotiated by most ot the horses. The hunt then swept in a westerly direction down lull towards Bundoora over a splenaid hunt nig country until reaching tlie Darebin Creek, the banks of w Inch were skirted, and the Yan Yean road double crossed. Ap proaclung this double through prick)) tur/e the following horses were in the van talisman, 31appy Jack S)phon Ossie and Marmion the rest of the field turning sharp to the left over the bri Ige. Ihosein iront liad now to cross the creek, a matter of serious difficulty, owing to ita bog(,y nature Julisiniin Happy Jack and a few other horses llonndered through success full),but Mr Russell s mount S)phon injured himselt be)onl lio| e ot recover) Hie hounds stre inline, awn) in the direction ol 1 resti n a lurc,c pi ¡dock was crossed, then the 1 ppnic. rt ii double and the Yan Yean trnmivu) 3 he stat, was here run from scent to view and a I net check oceurre 1 on the ban! s ot the Merri Creek inibhnt, the Htiacderato c,et up Hie hounds were again hu 1 on to the scent the stat, -oinj, northerly t w irds 1 pi in_ crossing n larc,e three railer into the 1 ppiuc, road acaiu and ufter a lew ii iles further he w b cii| tured near 3 homastown huv ingaffor led an excellent run of cijit orten miles over a hunting country thutcoiil 1 not be surpassed Among those who tool j art in the run were" Mr 3 Watson (uctinc. mnster) on Swiss Boy Miss Crooke on talisman Miss Clara Crooke on Still lieht Miss M lude Anders ii on Canoe Mr Arthur Milla on Marmion Mr Harbottlo on a roan Mr J Anderson t n ¡landsdown Mr Oeori c Chirnside on llappj Jack Mr H Brush on n (.rey colt Mr 1 rcll on Cissie Mr W N Al ill ums on _lenc,urry Mr Bond on Birth In) Mr I urnbull on 1 addy Crutch Mr A J liukir (of Adelaide) < n a bl) Mr Munro on Redoubt Mr Brunt n on Acrobat and Mr Stawell on Carpenter Miss Anderson on Bannet Miss Jeffray on Diana, and manv others were preBcnt at the throw où CHAMPION BICYCLE CONTEST. [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (Fnosi Oon Corrlsfovdent ) SYDNEY, SUÎ.DVY. The bicycle contest for the championship of Australasia c ime off on the Association Cricket ground jestcrdnj The conttet waa for the championship and ¿200, the cum petitora benia John Bolle, of bj d ney, the champion of Vustrulia, nnd James Thomas, the champtonof Victoria. '1 he distances were one, ine, and two miles 'Hie first e\ent, one mile, resulted in Holfe winning tasil) , butti»* second event, ine miles, looked for some time as if it would be n gut to the Victorian, who, on completing the fourth mile, ltd b> about 40 jarda. Kolfe then put on a tremendous pace, and at the conclusion of the next lap had gamed a clear 40jards bhortlj after wards Thomas rode oil the truck, complain- ing that he was Bullering from a sudden attack of indisposition The contest, there* fore, resulted in n wctory for the Sydney man. _ SPOUTING TELLG11AMS (riiuM Our Cohresfondems.) ADELAIDE, Sondât. A football match wns pin) ed on the Ade- laide Oval 3esterday, between the Norwood and Adelaide clubs, the result being-Nor- wood, 4 goals b behinds, Adelaide, 3 goals D behinds At the Alberton Oxal yesterday the Port Club got 2 goals and li behinds aganiBb the South Adelaide's 1 goal and 8 behinds. South Adelaide kicked a goal, which the Port goal umpire disallowed INGLEWOOD. Sunday The first meeting of the Loddon District Coursing Club was held during the latter half of last week. T he Twenty dog Stake was won by Mr Bo* a' Lady, Messrs. Gannon Bros ' Minnie being runner up, and Mr. T. Sly'a January and Dr. Adam's Tim third FOOTBALL. SOUTH MELBOURNE V. ESSENDON. Tho nit.citing of tho South Melbourne and Lösendem clubs on bat.ml ay, which had been looked forward to as the principal event of tim season, resulted in a moat ex ci tu ii, game ror the first timo in connexion w ith football (excepting for mutches in aid of chart tlos) tickets for admission to tho ground nure sold aevcral da) a prior to the match The attendance) numbered 18,000 persons, of whoin 12,000 purchased their tickets in Melbourne with a view to avoiding crushing at the ticket boxes Tho special trains and i chicles w hich commenced to run to the ground earl} lu the afternoon wore i row dod to excess >\ hen the teams entered the Held punctually ata o dook loud and continued cheers o( encouragement were gi\ en b) their respective supporters. Iho match commit- tees of the computing clubs had exercised great caro and judgment in scte-oting teams. Tho only notice ablo abbontco from either side was Uannajsee of tho South Molbourno, who waa suffering from an injured thigh Ills place was taken by Dodds. ¿Ima, the captain of the South Melbourne, won tho toss for tho choleo of (roaI, and took advantage of a strong breeze, which was blowing in a south easterly dlreo Mon. to kick into the south goal Fowell, the leader of the Lsseudon kieked the ball off, and the South Immediately rushed it to their opponents' end, w here 6 behinds w oro scored in as mau) minutes The first was by M'Kenzie, who, lu attempting a difficult aim at goal, hit one of tho posts Tho ball was rushed away towards the South Melbourne goal bj fleming, Pearson, and T Kout. Hills of tho South Mel- bourne. In strhlni: to gain possession of tho ball, collided with nn Essendon pin)er and sustained a Bovureshaking, which caused him to retire temporarily Ho lesumed pla\ Ave minuted Inter, and had just taken his place in the field, when \\\ oods, of the samo team left for the pwilkm wilh a severely sprained shoulder, also caused by a collision lie did not return to the field and the South Melbourne finished the gamo with li) men ¡Nevertheless, assisted b) the wind, the) kept the ball round about the Essendon posts, and scored 2 soils and 3 more behinds. The goals wuro kicked b) Harper and Docherty The Essendon, who had been pla} lug a Ant, hard game, with some excellent rushes, kept the south Mel* bourne back players butn On tho kick off, after tho South Melbourne seeond goal Moline, Martin, and M "shano forced the ball up to 1 ear son, who, with a running kick, obtained tho first goal for lils side Two behinds wera added to tho Essendon score before half timo waa called, when the score were ¡-South Melbourne, 2 goals S behinds , Essendon, 1 goal 2 behinds The want of a picket fenoe around the field was much felt at different points In the game, for the onlookers, oagor to obtain a closer view of the play, encroached on Uie placing ground, to the discomfort of both tho pa) ora and tho remainder of tho bpcctntois Iho play during the Bccond half w as \ cr) oxoitlug ard ex- ceedingly fast. The Essendon had tho advantago of the wind, and kept the ball round their opponents' koal with littlo exception for half an hour, during which time thoy could only score 1 goal, which was kicked by Nully 1 ho South Melbourne then rallied well, and nt lost tho local men prevailed, and third goal was scored by Burns from a splendid mark iwo behind» were added to tho score of the South, and tho Essendon then worked tho ball dow n the ground, and 4 uohiuds w ero scored for them Iho South Melbourne followers took the hall up tho we¡»t wing, nnd tho forward Iilaycrs had numerous; cosy chances for goal, but tho ticking was bad, and only behinds wera scored W11 ton, Griffiths, and Pearson then sent the ball for* ward Llim and Brooks, who were pla) ing back for South, wore off their guard for the moment, and Wilson kicked at tho bail while it was rolling, which had just enough paco to reach the goal before It could bo caught Tho flcoies weio onco moro equalised, and buforo thoy could bo altered tho time bell "rang. The result was-South Melbourne, 3 floats 17 behinds, Essendon, S goals 10 behinds. If tho play Is to be declared lu favour of cither club, tho palm must bo awarded to the South Melbourne, who were handicapped b) tho loss of a mun. Burns was conspicuous lor his splendid marking throughout tho game ; he scarcely ni ad o a mistake, and did great work for his side HU efforts weru weil supported by M'Knlght. Docherty, M Kenzso, M'Shane, loun?, Brooks and J Minchin Essendon s best pla) era were Pearson, nominar, Mender, Moline, Smith, Moore Wilson, and Aitkcu Mr Ö ThuwJib made au clhcieiit Held umpire RICHMOND V. GEELONG The return match between the Richmond and Geelong clubs was played on Saturday afternoon on the Richmond Cricket-ground. Both clubs sent strong teams into the field, though the visitors were weakened by the absence of several of their best men, for whom substitutes were found. Upon the first meeting between these clubs at Geelong, early in the season, the Geelong obtained a victory of 8 goals to 1. George Smith, on Saturday, captained the Richmond team, and M' Lean led the visitors. Mr. J M'Kenzie performed the duties of central umpire. The ground was in fair order, and there was a good attendance of spectators. A southerly wind was blowing, and Geelong, winning the toss sent their opponents to defend the northern end. Graham kicked off for Richmond, and the ball was sent away Into the south eastern quarter, where Sylo marked it to O 'Shanassy, who had an unsuccessful shot for goal Shortly afterwards Crohan got hold of the ball and marked to Rushton, who kicked first behind for Rich- mond. For some time tho ball fluttered about the Richmond posts, and then, by the agency chiefly of Hall, Higlnbotham, and M'Lean, the play was carried rapidy across the field. Searle relieved the goal, and the ball was rushed to the centre, where, after a scrimmage, it was secured by Reid, of Geelong, who sent it close to the goal. Mann lent it his assistance, and Geelong scored first goal. Some spirited play followed, and then Geelong worked the ball into the north-western quarter, where the indiscretion of one of their oppo- nents gave them the advantage of a free kick. Talbot essayed the kick for goal, but the ball fell short, and the goal was quickly relieved by Searle. The visitors again secured the mastery, and Boyd with a running kick, scored second goal for Geelong. The play was then transferred to the raiIway end, and Howarth had an unsuccessful shot for goal. Graham then marked to Jackman, who scored another behind, and Conlon immediately afterwards met with the same ill- fortune. Geelong worked the ball into the centre, but it was soon brought back, and Leighton added two behinds to the Richmond score. The oval was sent across the field, and was dangerously near the local strong- hold, when it was relieved by Searle, and play was transferred to the eastern wing. Here Jackman marked to Conlon, who made rather a clumsy attempt for goal, and another behind resulted. At this stage, Richmond had scored no less than seven behinds and had not succeeded in obtaining a single goal, while their opponents had secured 2 goals from less than half that number of chances. Galbraith soon afterwards kicked first behind for Geelong. The battle was raging in the centre, when Higinbotham marked to W. Reid, who by a splendid kick secured third goal for Geelong. The bail waa carried to the western wing, but Geelong soon forced it back, and W. Reid, after a smart run, succeeded in kicking fourth goal for Geelong. Three behinds had been added to the record of the visitors when half- time wns called and the score stood- Geelong, 4 goals 4 behinds; Richmond, 7 behinds. When play was re- sumed it was evident that the local team were deter- mined to stick to their colours, but Geelong got the first advantage, and M'Shane scored a behind. The Richmond posts were again in imminent danger, when they were relieved by Jackman, though Boyd suc- ceeded soon afterwards in securing sixth behind for Geelong. The local men, by sheer good play, now forced the ball into the enemy's territory, but met with failure again and again. Syle, Rushton, and Conlon had chances in succession, but a behind was the only result in each case. At length, however, EIder secured the ball after a scrim- mage in the north-east quarter, and kicked first goal for Richmond amidst great applause. Elder soon afterwards had another chance, but the ball hit the post. Play was confined to the south-west quarter for some time, when Geelong worked the ball towards their opponents' stronghold. Boyd had a kick for goal, but failed. The ball was then sent across the field, and Graham and Purcell had each missed excel- lent opportunities for Richmond when the bell rang, and the game closed- Geelong, 4 goals 13 behinds; Richmond, 1 goal 15 behinds. FITZROY V. HOTHAM. A match between these clubs took placo ou Satur da> at the 1 itzro) ground lhere was a\er) 1 irgo attendance \\\ oirall was captain of the Fitzro) men. and Bundo of the Hotham, J Rickards being central umpir«. Hotham kicked off ilrbt against thu wind, una after u little quiet pla), a behind was scored b) Cinew, and a couple of mai kB wera obtained by lunkard Tho p a> was noir the Hotham gaol, and a Louerai rcrimmaue seemed likely to result In a goal I clng bocurcd 1 ho llrnt L.oa1 was kicked for Fitzroy bv Worral! lhe ball was next rolled down to the Hotham end, and a lot of unimportant play ensued Lock obtained a mark, from w hieb a behind for * itzro) was bccurcil A tree kick against Hotham was niven for holdlru Dunning, after somo roufth work, «cored another behind, und fi rial I) at half time, the eu mo stood-1 it/roy, 1 goat 14 behinds , Hotham, 1 behm 1 Upon the resumption of pla), Eitzroy at once carried uwa) the ball, and Carroll scored another behind After a short bcrlmma^e Coleman ^ot pos Bi tsion of the bull and made a second c.oal for ï itzrov lhe Hotham men now put on a spurt, and after n ver) hari struggle heal) managed to sccuro first c.oal for tho visitors 1 lay was next on the eastern side, the result of which was tho scoring of a behind for Hotham At this point ttierc was a heavy gale Tho becoud goat for Hotham was secured by Horns and a few moments afterwards Tankard, by a splendid kick, bcord a thin) A few bellin Is wera uddod to each seo re, and jiut when time was culled Houston icot hold of the bill, and b) a bpiandld kick secured a fourth ç,oal for Hotham At the close tho score was -Hotham, 4 toals, 4 behinds, litüroj, 2 feoals, l8 behinds MELBOURNE V. UNIVERSITY. This match was played on Saturday, on the ground of tho latter, In the presence of but few spectators. Aitken captained tho Molbourno, and Cusson tho University, tho latter team being greatly neakeucd . throw(íh tho absence of Gleeson, Gordon, nnd oth-r*. Cus-lu won tho toss, and elected la Mck with the wind. The ball was booti carried to tho Melbourne end, whero several cany chancua for coals wcro missed. Bell at lost di.tlncui-hed himself b\ l-icl-'nff tho hall through from about _(5 Minis Tho Mtl bounio defended their go.i tiriitely, and no moro ¿.aols nero kicked, and nt the uid of the ûr_t half tho Bcoro waa-Uimersit>, 1 goal 7 behind» , Melbourne, 3 hchinda In thu second half tlie Univer_lt\ nero further weakened hy ttie practical lo^s of U J' Cua E.n and IL s Ihoni.oii. nlio both strained muscles just after the hall wai thrown tip Aided bj tho ttroiig wind and tupenor little marking, tho .Moll-ourno did prett) Mell as thej pleased dunmr thU half, kicking 3 cû_.la and 13 behind» to 1 behind kicked bj their opponents. Th« scores whentho iranio ended wera-Melbourne, 3 goals, Id behinds; Uni. on>lt>, 1 [foal, 8 behinds. lho two cuzens, Shaw, Go-man, Porter, and Bell did good work for the losers, while Carrol, Strahan, Johneon, Aitken, and Gnillth. placed splendidlt (or the Mel bourne. J, Shan made a fast ond .im.irtial .entrai umpire. The following matches were also played on Saturday afternoon :—South St. Kilda, 3 behinds, v. St. Kilda, 5 goals 13 behinds ; Southern Cross v. South Yarra, 3 goals and 6 behinds each ; Rainbow, 1 goal 5 be- hinds, v. Carlton Imperials nil ; West-end, 2 goals (Need. Abbott) 9 behinds v. North-park second, 1 goal 6 behinds ; Britannia, 4 goals 10 behinds, v. North- cote, 2 behinds ; South St. Kilda Second, 4 goals 8 behinds, v. Caulfield, 2 goals 2 behinds ; Brunswick v. Footscray, at Footscray, won by Brunswick, 1 goal (Buckley) 6 behinds to 3 behinds. FOX TERRIER COURSING. A Bracelet Meeting was hold on Saturday, by the Geelong Fox Terrier Club. Stakos wera run for a poid bracelet presented by the club, and for a.liter bracelet presented by Mr C Brownlow to the runner» up. Miss Webb's Progress won tho stako, with Bira, hhekell's Whisky as runner-up. Tho Puppy Stake* was won by Mr. Slier.1 Streak, with Mr. IL Kolm'a Cigarette as runner-up. LACROSSE. Melbourno Boll v. University.-This match took S lace on Saturday, and resulted In a win for elbourno by 3 goals, thrown by Goldsmith (2) and L. Fox 1, to 1 soul, thrown by Mooro, for the visitors. Vance, Murray, Miahlc, and Scott pla.} ed well for the University, Norcott allow hv good form for Mel- bourne. A match plaj ed on Saturday between tho Colling- wood and Bohemian chiba was decided lu fat our of Collingwood, who obtained 4 goats to 1. The Bohemians could not raise a full team, whtlo tho former mustered their full strength. Dunne the flrot half the Collingwood scored 2 goals, thrown by Ii. Batchelor and J. Williams. In tho Eocond half tho gamo became more Interesting, the Bohemians makin,; some good nil los, Hamilton, by a good lone shot, scored a goal for tho Bohemians, and Collingwood added i! moro to their score, thrown by Hutchibon and CattncÍL Barclay, Bradley, Fraser, Montague, Bickerton, Coghill, and Kttchio played well for the Bohemians, while Farr, Hutchison, Cole, and G llatchelor placed In good btjlu for Colling- wood. _ LAWN-TENNIS. Port Melbourno \\. Wandere ra.-Tills match wai^ pla) o lou _3Bturda> Inafc, at Port Melbourne, and re* suited In a victory for fort Melbourne by six games. Tlie scores were.-Messrs. Uald and Dcrham (Port Mol bourne) beat Messrs. Sewell and Smith, bv 10 frames to 4 ; and ii o j« ra. Miller and Saunders by lu frames to & Mei.ro. Abernethy and Gtaham (Port Melbourno) weie beaten by Messrs Miller and Saunders by 10 carno« to 3, and beat Messrs Sewell and Smith by 10 games to £>. Total-Port Melbourno. 83 gamea ; Wanderers, 27. HURLING. Emerald hill v. Malmsbury.-Thb match took place on the Al bort-park Hurling ground on Saturday, and after a mo.t e\citing contest tho pam o ended In a draw, tho final score. bi)in¿ Emerald hill 7 behinds. Malmsbury 3 behinds. P. Lone captained tho local team, and Mr. Simon Bj an tho \ laiton.. Mr. C. A_ Dtt¿or acted as central umpire. QUOITS. Contents for the nllt cr cup presented by Mr. T, Car- son took place at tho South Melbourno Quoit-ground on Saturdaj. Tho scores were-Weston, 81; Powell. 27 ; Cameron, 31; Garner, 20 ; Richardson, 81; Jenner, SO ; Drummond, 31; Sharp, 23. Darkness proven ted Juling and Patterson playing their game. 