GLEANINGS. The year 1884 has been a disastrous one for many of the American millionaires. Mr. Vanderbilt, who is popularly supposed to be the richest man in the world, has been one of the heaviest losers. The Great Central Rail road, created by bis father, is eatd to be no longer hie except in name. His sons have been singularly unfortunate in their specula tions, and many of the father's losses have been incurred in the attempt to retrieve theirs. W. K. Vanderbilt inherited 2,000,000 dollars from his grandfather, the " Commodore," and he is believed to have lost every penny of it.. Cornelius Vanderbilt is also stated to have lost the 5,000,000 dollars which his grandfather left him. Altogether the losses of the family in Wall-street during the last few months are estimated at £10,000,000 sterling. There are at the present time in the United States 120 newspapers published by Negroes. The oldest of these is the jElevator, of San Francisco, which is now in its eighteenth year. Nearly all deal with politics, although a few devote themselves to religious news and discussions. The Negro political journals, all except one or two, support the Republican party, as being identified with the great work of emancipation. The average circulation of the 120 papers is abjut l,0o0 few of them being published at a profit, but the Baptist Negro organ in Philadelphia sells 10,000 copies weekly. We often hear of "4 English customs," and of ' native customs.' There was a time when the first woollen blanket was worn by a Kaffir man in this country. Other men slowly followed his example until now it is 4 the custom ' to wear such blankets. There was a day when a native was persuaded to wear a pair of boots ; and now yearly the custom of going naked is giving way to the custom of wearing boots and other English garments. Thus all customs grow from or are changed by some one person. We all know how the old people of a village laughed at, and even persecuted, the first young man or I he first young woman who threw off the blanket for other clothing ; and many are aware of how, gradually, they came to follow this example. Well, just so j must it be if the New Year is to mark progress towards what is true and right. Those who know what is evil must set their faces against it, those who understand something of the value of'sweeter manners, purer laws,'must practice them, and in time tho customs will j pre Tail in the tribe or nation. Two cattle kings of the coast, Messrs. Miller and Lux, are rated at 58,000,000 to §10,000,000, and were poor men twenty years ago. They haye about 90,000 head of cattle and 115,000 ot sheep, of which latter tLey kUl 6,000 per month. They own an un gating canal worth §1,000,000, fences 300 miles in length (a fortune in itself), in Cali fornia 600,000 acres of land, in Nebraska 10,000 acres and 15,000 acres of alfalfa grass. . The Pioneer (Allahabad) publishes the fol lowing native petition, the authenticity of which is vouched for by a trustworthy corres pondent : — " fiespeciiully Showetb.—That your honour's servant is poor man in agricul tural behaviour, and much depends on season for the staff of life, therefore he prays that you will favour upon him, and take him into your saintly service, that he may have some per manently labour for the support of his soul and his family ; wherefore he falls upon his family's bended-knees, and implores to you of this merciful consideration to a demnable miserable, like your honour's unfortunate petitioner. That your lordship's honour's servant was too much poorly during the last rains, and was resuscitated by which medicines which made magnificent excavations in the coffers of your honourable servant, whose means are circumcised by his large family, con sisting of five female women and three mas culine, the last of which are still taking milk from mother's chest, and are damnably nojseful through pulmonary catastrophe in their in terior abdomens." The Silver Age says :—During the hearing of the case of assault against M'Cabe, a junk of what geologists term " the general forma tion " lauded through the open window on to the magisterial table. Fortunately at that moment the bailiff of the court was looking in at the window, and his head being in the line of projection, the missle ricochetting from that object, missed the magistrate. The second event was more general in effect. An unfor tunate dog had its stomoch turned by soakage water, or perhaps by some of the statements it had been listening to from legal lips, and the court rose and adjourned immediately thereafter, making the best time in its clearance on record. Indeed so instan taneous was the exit that when his wor ship, a moment later, with his nose between his finger and his thumb, put his head in at the back door to say the court just then would not sit, not even our reporter was left to make a note of it. When the divorce case of Mrs. Gibbons against her husband was called in the Supreme Court, New York, the other day (says an American journal) the counsel for the plain tiff asked that the complaint be dismissed, as his client was divorced by death. " She died on August 10th of a broken heart," said the lawyer. "Her husband's cruel treatment tortured her so that death was welcome." Ten years ago Mrs. Gibbons, then Miss E. M'Keefer, was the belle of New Haven. In the suburbs of the city her parents owned a handsome estate, and desired that their daughter should marry one of the wealthy young men of the place, but her choice fell upon Edward Gibbons, a young bank clerk. Her parents demanded that she should not accept Gibbons. Gibbons then proposed, and to his great astonishment was rejected. He demanded an explanation, and Mary informed him of her parents' commands. Gibbons then threatened to take his life, whereupon the girl consented to marry him, and they ieft for New York and were married. She sent a letter to her parents, which they returned unopened. The husband found em ploy meut in a Broadway house, and took handsomely furnished apartments in the upper part of the city. Five years they lived happily together, but he fell in with bad company and became addicted to drink. His conduct cost him his position, and left the young couple with want staring them in the i'ace. He then forced his wife to work and supporthim. She washed for various famiii -e, aud the money she earned was taken from her by her husband and wasted iu dissipation. Her parents were informed of her death, aud though they would not look at at her alive they took her dead body to their home for burial. A headless ghost has made its appearance near Ephrata, in Pennsylvania, where it ex cites considerable curiosity and alarm. There is no doubt whatever as to its being a veritable ghost. It was first seen by the Rev. Daniel Witner when returning iiomeone evening from the 6choolhouse iu Manor township, where he had been preaching. Mr. Witner had gone but a short distance when he saw coming to wards him wliut he supposed to be a man cm-rvi'ig a lantern. On the nearer approach of the object he was, to use his own expres sion, "almost paralyzed with horror" to find that it was a moving body without a head. His terror was still further increased on seeing the head carried in one of the hands. " The fearful object," he says, " took its place by my side, and accompanied me to my very door. How I managed to retain consciousness and reach home I don't know. It was the most fearful experience I ever had, and I hope I may never have the like again." The reverend gentleman's statement is fully corroborated by two ladies and a Mr. Kaufman, who from a distance of about one hundred yards saw the ghost meet Mr. Witner and walk away with him, but wero too appalled by the spec tacle to interefeie. The ghost has since been seen several times, and the nerves of the in habitants of the district are described as being in " a frightful atate of tension." It is some what refreshing in these days of vulgar " spiritual manifestations" to hear of a good old-fashioned ghost without a head, of whose blood-curdling qualifications there is no mis take, These headless ghosts were once com mou enough in ^England (says St. James's Gazette), but have of late years become almost extinct. Perhaps they have all gone to America. Chabi.es Fogg is a married man, and lives with his father in law near Waterbury, Conn. There is also engaged upon the place an in genious young fellow who does all kind6 of work. Crows bud become very troublesome and destructive in the corn fields, and this lad had read in some wise agricultural paper that corn boiled in alcohol and distributed over the fields would be freely taken by the crows, and the birds would bi-come intoxicated, and could be easily captured. Not having alcohol, ho took cider and added a bottle of laudanum, boiling his corn and distributing it in the field. He acted privati-ly, preferring to ex periment without telling the family. Noi hing came of it for several days, and the lad him self had almost forgotten it; but one morning an old lady of the neighborhood came iu and requested the men folk* to come up and see what w-is tlie matter in the cornfield. SLe said millions of crows were there, and would not fly away nor budge for her, but were " acting awful funny." Sure enough, vrlien the men and the lad went out there, they found hundreds of crows rolling about on the ground, flapping their wings, cawing, and making themselves generally ridiculous. In fact, they were all drunk as lords, and a num ber of tl em w re easily despatched. Aft? Alfred Austin, in a letter to the Stan dard, says that a d8v or two after it had been arranged that Lord Wo'seley was to go to Esvpt, he saw his lordship in town, and asked him when he expected to be at Khartoum. He answered, " It will be a soldier's war, and all depends how oi r fellow B can be got to work. But my calculations are that I shall join hands with Gordon a'jout 20th of January." Mr. Austin now points out that on the 21st of January tlie force commanded by Sir Herbert Slewaitand Gem-r^l Gordon's steamers did join hi-nds, and aJds—"I tijink, sir, you will agree with inc that, when the novelty, the daring, the difficulties of tlie enterprise are considered, the fulfilment ot fiis prediction, strictly based upon plan and (a culat pp,jra>oi&e; 1 of the most extraordinary feats injmtffleiii scientific warfare." 