REVIEW. HEINRICH HEINE.* Dr. Evans' book, which has now been before the public some little time, consists of but a fragment of the four volumes of memoirs the poet is believed to have left behind him, comprising nearly all he is supposed to have written between the years 1837 and 1840. Heine himself admits that he -was obliged to destroy nearly half of his memoirs in deference to family considerations ; but even supposing this to be the case, there must still be a considerable portion unpublished, probably in the Austrian archives, to which Government Stigand, Heine's biographer, asserts Madame Heine sold them. The volume at present under consideration while throwing considerable additional light on the poet's youth, tells little but what is already well known concerning his early manhood. We shall therefore briefly recapitulate the few facts of Heine's career as a litterateur, for the benefit of those to whom, as yet, he is but a name. Heinrich Heine was born December 13, 1799 ; al though in a passage in the ' Baths of Lucca,' he loads us to suppose that he began life with the present century. In this passage, the charming ballerina, Francesca, after informing him that she was eighteen, abruptly asks, 'How old are you?' To which the poet replies, ' Signora, I was born on the morning of New Year's Day, 1800.' Then with truly Heinesque humour — ' I have always told you,' said the Marchese, 'that he was one of the first men of the century.' Various towns claim the honour of being his birth-place, though there is little doubt that it was at Dusseldorf, the poet first saw the light. A youth spent amid the stirring scenes of the Napoleonic campaigns, of which he has left a a graphic picture in the ' Reisebilder,' and over which we have no time to linger, brings us to the year 1825, when Heine abjured the faith of his fathers (to enable him to obtain those social advantages denied him as a Jew) and embraced Lutheranism ; for which proceeding he character istically gives as a reason — ' to prevent M. de Rothschild's treating me with familiarity.' His university residences, his flight to France, his marriage with Mathilde Mirat, the beautiful grisette, his acceptance of a pension from the French Government, his paralytic attack, his mattress-grave, and his death in 1856, are the salient points of his brilliantly meteoric career. Heine resembled that favourite of the fairies, to whom each little fay brought some gift of intel lectual endowment ; but a place being denied to the most malicious of the elfin sisterhood, she in flected the gifts of the more generous by infusing some element of bitterness or incompleteness in each. Heine was gifted with a poet's soul, with the passion of love, with personal beauty. He sang with clipt wings too often, like a bird whose lay and whose flight have barely attained the summit of their effort when both fail. He loved, but could not obtain the love of her of whom he was enamoured. Ho was beauti ful in person, and for years lingered with dis torted features and emaciated frame, lame, blind, and paralytic, on the verge of the grave. The stings of poverty and sickness waited on his life, and embittered its close. His good-natured humour was charged with the bitterness of cyni cal antithesis, and his ethereal wit was closely allied with material alloy, of misanthropy and blasphemy. His idealism lapsed into blase cynicism; his pathos into ribaldry; his humour into mockery. His gorgeous golden fancies, air-built romantic pictures, crumble beneath the cynic touch of the anti-spiritual scoffer's fingers, presenting, instead of the lustrous moon, a pantomimic luminary; instead of tho lordly castle towering above the flashing stream, scintillating in the sunlight, and the broad acres of vines heavy with grapes awaiting tho vintage, we find upon close scrutiny the stage-carpenter's canvas structure, the glitter of tinsel and the disillusioning effect of scenic properties ; while Heine's mocking Mephistophelian laughter breaks discordantly on the cheated ear, erstwhile be witched by simulated pathos. The glorious rhetoric dissolves in sardonic merriment — a sneer points tho conclusion of the most exalted sentences — his visions of ideal truth and beauty fade into pallid illusions with the insertion' of a Voltairean phrase more illustrative of unhappy wit than ennobling sentiment. Paralysis, too, like an infernal harpy dogged his footsteps, hovering over him like a vengeful Nemesis, and laying him upon a living grave at the period of his greatest brilliancy. Poor Heine is rather a sad warning than an ex emplar to mankind. His romance was but assumed illusion, tho poet was conscious he wore rose tinctured spectacles ; his love was mere sensuality, and his religious sentiment a question of taste inflected by the lascivious culture of Pagan philosophy. And yet withal a charm, subtle as the perfume of the violet, invests his poems with a seductive potency. A charm evanescent and intangible, which enthrals the sense, perverts even while it warns the judgment, and pleases and repels at the same moment. Hollow, heartless, tender, romantic, pathetic, his love-lays are the productions of a poetic mind, suffering from the combined evils of *'Memoir of tho youth of Heinrich Heine,' by J. W. Evans, M.D. London : Gorge Bell and Sons. egotism, irreligion, and self-indulgence. His French epigrammatic aphorisms are often but apparent paradoxes — true on the surface only, surcharged with falsity and untruth. A German Jew with a Gallic temperament, he united the romantic tenderness of the Teuton, the religious sentiment of the Jew, with the cynical philo sophy which France had imposed upon the thought of Europe — an intellectual lie, the as sumption of its truth a reproach to humanity. This philosophy is the grinning face behind the tragic mask, the apotheosis of hollow mockery, which would make selfish sensuality the test of all value, tho criterion of all worth— the negation of all that is true, noble and ideal in man, of all that is chaste, holy, and pure in woman. Heine's influence upon literature is neces sarily twofold. In his youth the romantic element in his temperament prevailed, and he figured as a poet of the school of Schiller, Novalis, and Fouqué, during which period some of his most beautiful poems were written. For tenderness of sentiment and deli cacy of touch, no poet has equalled him as a song writer. In this description of lyric he is sui generis. He reclothed the lovely fictions of Undine and Lorelei; he gave a vivid reality and an ideal beauty to the old Teutonic mythology, and his love-lays teem like a hive of bees in summer-time, with a swarm of golden fancies. What a wealth of senti ment is enclosed within the eight lines of the following couple of verses : — ' A pine tree's standing lonely, In the North on a mountain's brow, Nodding, with whitest cover, Wrapped up by tho ice and snow. ' He's dreaming of a palm tree Which, far in tho morning land, Lonely and silent sorrows 'Mid burning rocks and sand.' Here is a bright love lyric : — ' I love a fair flower, but I know not its name ; Oh, sorrow and smart ! I look in each flower-cup— my luck is the same : For I seek for a heart. 'The flowers breathe their perfumes— in evening's red shine, Tho nightingale trills. I seek for a heart which is gentle as mine, Which as tenderly thrills. ' The nightingale sings, and I know what she says In her beautiful song : We both are love-weary and lorn in our lays, And oh ! sorrow is long.' Again : — ;'. ' The graceful water-lily Looks dreamily up from tho lake, Aha the moon looketh lovingly on her, For light love keeps fond hearts awake. ' Then she bows her small head to tho water, Ashamed those bright glances to meet, And sees the poor, pale lily lovers, All lying in love at her feet.' This little love-lay is a specimen of his tender ness of sentiment as well as his felicity of expres sion, preserved even in translation. The following was written in his bitterer man ner, a sample of a more mocking mood.: — called the Devil and he came, In blank amaze his form I scanned. He is not ugly, is not lame, But a refined, accomplished man. One in the very prime of life, At home in every cabinet strife, Who, as diplomatist, can tell Church and State news, extremely well. He is somewhat pale, and no wonder either, Since he studies Sanscrit and Hegel together . His favourite poet is still Fouqué. Of criticism he makes no mention ; Since all such matters unworthy attention. He leaves to his grandmother, Hecate. He praised my legal efforts, and said That he also when younger some law had read, Remarking that friendship like mine would be An acquisition, and bowed to me : — Then asked if we had not met before At the Spanish minister's soirée ? And as I scanned his face once more, I found I had known him for many a day !' In one of his latter poems, he shows that awakening from his early Hellenic sensuousness which characterises the work of his youth : — " How wearily time crawls along, That hideous snail that hastens not, — While I, without tho power to move, Am ever fixed to one dull spot. " Upon my dreary chamber wall No gleam of sunshine can I trace; I know that only for the grave, Shall I exchange this hopeless place. ' Perhaps already I am dead, And these perhaps are phantoms vain ;— These motley phantasies that pass At night through my disordered brain. ' Perhaps with ancient heathen shapes, Old faded gods, this brain is full Who, for their most unholy rites, Have chosen a dead poet's skull. ' And charming frightful orgies hold.— The mad-cap phantoms !— all the night, That in the morning this dead hand About their revelries may write.' We could go on quoting for ever, but want of space compels us to desist. We can only refer the reader to Leland's translation of Heine's poems, the only book worthy of representing our poet in an English dress, which preserves alike the literal sense and tho spirit of poetry — that divine evanescence— of the original. In his maturer years he was more a wit than a poet; a cynic philosopher, enunciating Aristo phanean epigrams, levelled at all existing insti tutions— religious, social, and political ; but en dearing himself to man by his brave advocacy of every question in which liberty of thought or action was involved. So much was he a champion of liberty, that even the hero-worship of his youth's idol — Napoleon— had to give place to his intenser love of liberty, and speaking of the great Emperor, he says:- — ' He was one who was haunted by tne spectre of freedom as by the ghost of a murdered mother, and heard her voice always ringing in his ears.' Of Lafayette, the champion of the ' Rights of Man,' he says :—' He has fa shioned for himself a better column than that of the Place de Vendome, and a better statue than one of metal or marble. Where is there any marble as pure as his heart ? Where is there any metal so strong as the truth of old Lafayette ? defender of the people against tho cunning of the great.' But the beauty and sacredness of freedom could not blind Heine to the petty lives and insignificant aspirations of : the 'petite bourgeousie.' He was a democrat ; but he was also a wit an- a poet ; and could not resist the utterance of an epigram, even against his friends. ' Napoleon is dead, and modern Philistinism breathes freely, as if released from a brilliant nightmare. Over his tomb springs up the era of industrialism — an era which admires quite other heroes, as for example the virtuous Lafayette or James Watt.' Yet of the 'virtuous Lafayette' he can say, 'he is never presumptuous and never despon dent, harmoniously strong and gentle.' He could even deliver a Parthian thrust at his own peculiar deity. 'The goddess of Liberty seldom possesses a chemise, and is on that account very bitter against all who wear clean linen.' We could cull the scintillating wit-spangles for ever, but must desist in order to consider other aspects of the various-sided character of the German poet, the French wit, and the Jewish apostate. It was a misfortune for Heine that he was converted (or that he apostatised for social advantages) to Lutheranism. Had he been a convert to Catholicism, his craving for beauty of form and colour would have been satisfied, and we shotild have had no blasphemous mattress- grave ravings; no previous St. Simonian reha bilitation-of-the-flesh, pseudo- philosophy ; no Pagan sophistical utterances ; possibly no grisette mar riage. He was not indifferent to religious ques tions, and could form estimates of the values of pretentious religio-philosophies which indi cate more than the ordinary sympathy and ability to deal with questions of this nature. Can anything be more eloquent than his eulogy of the Bible ? ' What a book ! vast and wide as the world, rooted in the abysses of creation , and towering beyond the blue secrets of heaven sunrise and sunset, praise and fulfilment, birth and death, the whole drama of humanity, all are afifi this book. It is the book of books— Biblion.' -«p| He speaks thus eloquently of the Catholic faith — ' In my youth I was often overpowered by the infinite sweetness, the mysterious and blessed in fluence, the delirious death ecstasy of Catholi cism.' When near his death, with some I.' -'?''? sentiment of religion, and some consider able share of mocking badinage, he says (, 'A religious reaction has set in upon^ for some time. God knows whether the morphine or the poultices have anything to do with it. i is so. I believe again in a personal God. .' this we come when we are sick, sick unto death ; broken down. Do not make a crime of it. If the German people accept the King of Prussia in the need, why should not I accept a personal G My friend, hear a great truth. When health used up, money used up also, and sound h senses used up, Christianity begins.' One j saddest parts of the Heine narrative the episode of the leave- taking of the I of Art and Beauty as personified by the Venus Milo ; when the poet, half -blind, half dragged himself from the turmoil of the vard into the Palace of the Louvre, and ga the last time upon that ideal of Hellenic while the hot tears streamed down his face curtain falling upon the first act of the t of his life. Then succeeded the long years mattress-grave, brightened somewhat by attentions of his wife, Mathilde, whom Heine compared to a celestial minister— ' Such are 'the angels, they do not discount their future, they have always ready money.' It is doubtful whether she deserved this com pliment, as the following story would seem ingly paint her as rather a heartless and mercenary attendant on the dying poet. One day he feared she had deserted him. A dread fear paralyzed his heart; unable to move himself , he sent a messenger to her room to see if her parrot was there, and felt a thrill of gladness when he learnt Cocotte was still beneath the roof . His wife might desert the sick poet; she would not desert her parrot. His paganism asserts itself in an utterance of this period: — 'Had I not wife and parrot, I would — God forgive me the sin — like a Roman, put an end to my misery.' He, was, however, usually patient, though with occasional spectral gleams of a grotesque and ghastly humour, illumining the sick chamber as with a corpse light. He employed his cynicism to drive away disagreeable callers, and once to one of these latter, drily remarked — 'It just comes out of the marrow of life, the doctors may console me as they like; I have nothing to expect but a miserable malady, probably full of vicissitudes. The last circumstance has its advantages. When one suddenly wakes up deaf, one forgets for a time that one has already been blind: and what is the use of it ? Just none. At the most this passion-story can serve as an advertisement for the complete edition of my works for the benefit of Campe and my wife.' We would not pursue the painful story. He died, and was buried; and the world came to his funeral, bought his books, and forgot him ; and now the wittiest German of them all is chiefly remembered by some few poor witticisms levelled against that faith which would have been the best adapted to tho spiritual needs of his gifted mind. As to his comparative greatness in the different departments he laboured in, during the two divisions of his life, we cannot decide. He was in turn the wittiest of poets ; the most poetic of wits. He has left lyrics unmatched in the entire range of poetry for loveliness of expression, beauty of form, and depth of feeling — for that etherial quality, — ' The light that never was on sea or land, The consecration, and the poet's dream' — lyrics that will live long as the German language endures — poems uniting the perfect form of Goethe with the wit of Voltaire, the weird in spiration of Fouqué and the tenderness of Rueckert. Not the least poetical of his works is his prose volume of Travel-pictures — the Reisebilder, that wonderful epitome of beauty, satire, poetry, and cynicism, which repels while it entrances, and offends and delights simultaneously. Then in his newspaper letters, we approach the journalistic half of Heine's life, his essays on art, philosophy and literature, in the Revue des Deux Mondes, notably the ' Contribution to the History of Religion and Poetry in Germany,' in which the poetic and satiric elements in his nature strive for the mastery. In his latter work he is nearly always satiric — nay cynic ; and though we are bound to admire his wit, they fail to please as do his earlier productions, for we miss that glow ing poetic fancy we have learned so well to love, and cannot be satisfied by the substitution of a Mephistophelian philosophy. We must draw our essay to a close, but ere doing so, would refer the reader to a study of Heine himself, and learn to appreciate him in his ' Buch der Lieder,' his 'Reisebilder' and the essays referred to in a preceding paragraph. 