OUR PARTS LETTER. ntOM oun own correspondent. J PARIS, 11th April, The Anglo- Russian difficulty absorbs all in terest, because its ramifications will duly attain a world-wide extension. There is no mistake either about the cause, and still less as to the issue. The Muscovite is simply at his old tricks again, stealing the approaches to India by chicanery, duplicity and audacity, till no- thing was left England hut to compel Russia to retire or fight. Tho struggle is for prestige, not preponderance, in the eyes of Central Asiaus. This lime clearly Russia lias miscalculated her spring. Site concluded England had so many troubles that she could not attend to Afghan affairs ; or, if so, was not in a posi tion to play boldly. By this she knows the error she lias Wandered into. England is more than ready ; she holds tho trump cards, and Lord Dullerin may he tmstcd to play them. Frenclt opinion is extremely guarded in ex pressing itself on tho quarrel. Naturally, the Anglophohian press has become Russophilian, lint it is of no importance ; it only represents tho writer's tall tulk. The French opine but too clearly n war between the two giants must sooner or later inflame, if not the world, cer tainly Europe. What will lie tho role of France ? What are tho obligations of tho alleged union of Ihc three Emperors? Even supposing, tho crowned heads have exchanged assurances, how do the latter affect that un known factor — the people? The French would like to he simply spcctalors of the cockpit, only Bismarck lias his own plans to carry out, and, while not directly mcnaciug ihc Gauls, could, bynfurt Iter agglomeration of territory — say, Den mark, Holland and a slice of Eastern Russia — for Gcruiau appetite history shows can devour even its friends — would extinguish all hope of re- vongo for Alsace and Lorraine, and for ever. Russia is not considered to he in a. condition to make either a serious or a prolonged war against England at present, nor can sito in ihc future if tho Ameer of Afghan keeps true Russia has no money to carry on hostilities, nor could her commerce sustain n long blocknde The certainty that she would this time have to pay the whale expenses of tho war will exercise a salutary, or at least a soberiug. effect on Iter intentions. Although it. is suitl the Russians' only import conks, actresses aud perfumery from France, the French have a profound knowledge of Russia, Soma of the best books on that em pire have been written by French travellers, and St. Petersburg is generally selected as the first school for breaking in young French attache's. Hence Russia cannot fail to rend between the lines, that iu Franco iter conduct partakes of aggression, aud her new venture of rashness, lu any case it is time for friend Bull to lay tho Russian phantom, ever hurled at him, in Central Asia, He should rely on railways to Herat and Candahar, not only to open up fer tile regions, but for military cuds. The Shalt is a dark horse, and would rather prefer relative or assisted independence with England than absorption by Russia. These are the barriers against all futuro Muscovite aggression. Not. much importance is attached to Russia's threats to damage English merchant shipping. Her privateers could have few places to coal or shelter, and to let it be clearly understood Russia must pay tho piper iu full, by the holding of one or two of iter principal mcrcantilo ports, might moderate her corsair tactics. The rate of Turkey, of the Hungarians, of the Poles and of the Nihilists are all unknown factors in a prolonged contest with the Czar. Independent of a prudent mistrust, belief seems to lie gaining ground that peace with China is a reality this time. It is due to two Englishmen — Sir Robert llart and Mr. Camp- hell — who have-proved superior negotiators to professional diplomatists. Why not always employ business men when hard business is to he dono iu earnest? It is for Franco to say what she has gained by her adventure in Tonkin. It has cost her certainly 5000 men ffomfigbtiug and sickness, and at least 300,000,000 francs'. Then she has a vast amount of work yet to accomplish before she can liok the territory into shape. It will take a large trado to cover working expenses alone, nor is it visible where that t utile is to spring from. The chief want of the Tonkiuors is rice ; all other things are ranked lint as leather and prunella. Then the Celestials arc ever a ready thorn in the side of France, aud the manner in which they picked themselves up latterly in resisting tho French affords good forethought aud remembrance lo all whom it may concern. Tho moral of the Tonkin business is to cure France of the mania for seizing territory for the more sake of seizure. She instinctively feels colonisation is not her speciality ; that more is necessary to found a colony than planting a staff and rtt li ning up a tricolor. The Congo is never men tioned ; and what surprises the French is, lhat neither England nor Germany has solicited any territory in the neighborhood. But both powers have secured freedom of trade, and wisely leave lo France and Belgium tho execu tion of police and similar ditties. The Mada gascar speculation will soon ho wound up also, and then the era of French adventures will he terminated. The Brisson Ministry is not destined to have a long life. It lias been nominated only to de pose the too absolute majority of .Titles Ferry, to put an end to tho Colonial craze, to right the budget, lu let light and truth into the foreign relations of France, and. ahuvc all, to wrest from the said majority the right to direct the general elections. Indeed, it would not be too much io attribute the recent reverses and diffi culties of France to deputies bestowing ouly attention on how lo secure their re-election. As the general elections will he held under the new uiiiuominal or Sent tin </- Lixte law. perhaps a more independent and superior class of deputies may he secured. But this is not at all certain. However, it is no small gain lo have obtained- free, lovnl and truo elections. The Radicals arc likely to gain several seats, as the moderate republican;, ns led by dales Ferry, are not in the odor of sanctity. As for Ihc-Monarrhislr and Bonapartist3, their minority may he somewhat increased, but nothing to en danger the safety of the Republic. If thelattcr fell into a prolonged "storm and stress period " the boldest, soldier would have more chances in his favor to hccotno what, lie pleased than any of the factions which distract the country by their Byzantine disputes. As Speaker of the Chamber M. Brisson has dono his work creditably. Ho is not -a man of any extraordinary parts, surh as might ensure his siicces as a Premier. He would do well to act on Lord Melbourne's maxim — to lot alone all that lie can. His manners are unassuming, iris life simple and homely, and his chief aim not to come very much to the front. Ho and his Minister for Foreign Affairs, M. de Freycinet. arc the chief "cracks'' in the rituning for M. Grcvy's shoes next January ; so ivas M. Ferry till ha was scratched. M. de Freyciacl is no statesman, and will be useful in aiding Ilrissoif to do nothing. Neither will plunge France into adventures. The- budget claims their attention, as the deficit has uow reached half a milliard. Fresh taxes are next to impossible, and a loan on the eve of the elections might produce an unexpected effect ou the peasants. Jt is true that they havo an affection for Hie Republic as their ideal of Government; they hud the same for the 1318 Republic, hut when it went wrong they u inked ! at Louis Napoleon's preparation for a roup d'etat , ; aud ratified the immorality after it had been , perpetrated. Excepting making a noise, with different degrees of loudness, the guild of anarchists cause uo more uneasiness. They are allowed to blow on whom they please, and the amuse ment does uo person any harm. M. Amouroux, i a returned New Caledonian, has hceu elected a deputy for Lyons. One swallow docs not niuke a summer, still less one communist a commune Parliament. There is a lull in the Egyptian question ; no person seems to be baiting England now that she has carried her financial arrangement. The Mahdi appears to be vanishing into thin air, and ho is more in dread of his own jhleles than of Australian volunteers and tho Black Watch. Osman Digna, like a true Arab, has folded his tent and silently stolen away. Though he bo lost to sight, tho English would do well to keep him dear to memory i He will turn up. be assured. As to tho future destination of tho Soudan — aye. and Egypt too — it is sus pected that England has arranged tho whole matter with Italy and Egypt, in a more or less roundabout fashion. The Eecidivisite Bill, as I predicted, has been laid on the shelf, so far as Australians are interested in the measure, as hearing on prison scutn beiug shot down at New Caledonia. French Guiana will be selected for the Devil's Bowliug Green. The drawing closbr of the ties between England and her pet colony has given France food for reflection. She will no more risk a war for her couvicts than she would for Iter Egyptian bondholders. Now aud then it would be well to key) _tho Colonial Office stirred up by sepding accounts of any escaped gaolbirds from New Caledonia to Aus tralia. That would serve as a peg for the Eng lish ambassador hero to call on the Minister nnd remind him that Australia has her eyes wide open. . Business is so bad that society at largo re mains in a Sleepy Hollow condition. The worst of the situation is that tho good times arc not coming. Bad to worse appears to be the prc- vailiug progress. Farms are to he let by hundreds, and houses by thousands ; and de spite rents having tumbled down, the tcnauts display no desire to avail themselves of nuy eligihlo offer. No person expeuds a ccntiino beyond what is strictly necessary for ' vegeta tive ' purposes. Tho money is concealed, and tho hard times must be cleared awny as plainly as the road to tho parish church ere it will come forth from ils hiding place. Even on real estate a mortgagc'Canuot he effected for more than one- third of its value, aud not the ghost of a margin is left for a second mortgage. The theatres reflect tho goneral depression : successes are conspicuous by their nbsetico. Charity work is the industry displaying most briskness. But thcu t ho indigence is great The Parisian journalists organised a monster ball at tho Hotel do Ville to relieve lite poor of the city ami the wounded of Tonkin. 1 thiuk lite committee expected better results for their great exertions. Even misery has to suffer when purses uro lean. The period of the lean kiue cauuot'bo perpetual. Prosperity is said to suc ceed a big war. Perhaps that between Russia and 'England may he the harbinger of tho de sired change. 