CAULFIELD TRAIN IMG MOTES. Br " Eaaly Bzax)." It is many years since Oanlfield trainers have experienced so much inconvenience from wet weather as they have done during the present seaion. Tbe work during the week waa firot through under difficulties. Tuesday and Thursday mornings it was necessary, io consequence of the heavy rain, to keep the grass gallop locked, bnt as there was a strong wind blowing, and the ground was drying fast, the ranger decided to open it ia the afternoon of last-named day, when the Cup horses were enabled to striae along a bit- Too Too, Velocipede, Vision, Grace Darling, Blink Bonny, Hippogriff, and Melodious were treated to some good striding work, the last year's Cup winner moving once round in good style. Bhe was much admired, but -noted very big. On Saturday she again performed on the grass, striding home a couple of times from the three-quarter mile fiost. On Tuesday had not worked up to my earing, owing to the gallop not being opened until the afternoon. Louis and Solo hare done strong exercise over, firp furlongs, the latter (Mr. F. Leng, who, I am happy to a«e, has sufficiently recovered to again take charge of) together with Garibaldi- Gold Top and Primus have been on the steady tack. On Saturday Velocipede ran a mils with Alb an us, bat waa eased off at the turn for another spin in the afternoon, whioh he per formed satisfactorily. On Monday he was sent a sweat. Tuesday he did a oouple of steady turns ; will gallop later on. Chasdossnd Mabel Grey hare done good work over five furlongs. Gensral Gordon covered three fnrlongi for atrong exercise, hie stable companion, The Haie, by Tbe Diver, going'eteady. Master John has been doing some useful work over half a mile, with Plympton. Hippogriff on Saturday ran a good service able mile and a hall with Bohemian. On Taeaday they did cot pnt in an appearanoe. Were to work in the afternoon. Tbe Stag has put In eome serviceable work on tbe sand. Waverley bring treated to long varied work, striding along at intervals icr half a mile for 60. Fust Top, Louise Berts, Garibaldi, and Sydney hare been roetrioted to qnlet exercise. General Jsokson has been moving along a bit ; good work. Post Boy, Clansman, Peeping Tom, Idle Boy, and Free trade have each done eerrioeable work during the week. Vision on 8atnrday strode along fer a round, cxxalng home 'strong from the mile. Tuesday he was treated to a steady round, doing another abont half-pace ; he will probably gallop later on. Orlando and Haealfsoe have dans strong work over a mile. Lord Ohanwllor, Don Giovanni, and the Maribyrtjong — Nea colt hare acquitted them- elvBs creditably over half a mile. Lady Ashton has pnt in good sound work, including a ronnd or two over the big sticks ; the Don Giovanni horse, Freexe Oat, Aiiwat Bonny Lad, and Topoll doing hali-psoe work. Mosart, aooom panted by Highland Chief, moved a couple of times round, putting on steam at intervals. - This.vaotning (Tuesday) they had not pat In en appearance np to xay leaving. Grace Darling ran a satisfactory ronnd on Saturday; Gijwy's Warning, .The Ghost, and Salem keeping her oompany at different perts of the joar&ej.; On Tuesday they did not work np to my coming away. The Robinson Crusoe and Lapidist fillies, and Nuncio, havejbeen doing varied work. Too on Saturday only cantered. Oo Taeaday she was elmilarly treated ; she probably will gallop in tbe afternoon. Oamerine, Manxman H., and Dolcet bave been striding along for half a mile, Meer schaum doing strong exercise over six far- Ion gs. Ditte has had the blankets on a oonple of times. This morning ha was treated to some half-paoe work. The two-year-olds have done quiet exercise. The following have been going steadily i-Roseoruoian, Umberto, Astrono mer, Union Jaok, Phoebe Walton, and Douglas. Vanderbilt, Robin, Donald, and Oonrad bare put in good strong work, the two latter having gone through reme schooling in good stylo. Defreader and Lando during the week brushed along in company for three furlongs. The latter waa sent a sweat this morning. A couple of hunters from the kennels, Ruby and Banker, did two or three rounds at a good strong pace. The Owl, Townly, and Clifton are, at present, doing walking exercise. 