MR. COULDERY'S REJOINDER. TO THE EDITOR OF THE "GYMPIE TIMES." Sir,— I think if Mr. Smyth has any charges to make against the directors of the Ellen Harkins G. M. Co., he should not wait until August to formulate them. Either they should be substantiated or refuted before then. I am likely to be absent that month, and so possibly may some of the other directors. I suggest that if at any time a shareholder becomes aware of any mal-practices he should ask the directors to call a special meeting of the company for the purpose of enquiring into them. If the complaints are of a minor kind, the directors themselves might deal with them. With regard to the charge in your columns of systematic neglect to give shareholders information, and that I have not met the charge, I submit that what ever my failings may be to make good the directors' defence, there is no getting over the fact that the shareholders were well posted as to the state of the mine. The evidence that there were many buyers at advanced rates, and no sellers, is conclusive proof thereof. The charge therefore narrows itself down to the fact that we did not post a notice at the Exchange ; this seems after all to be the head and front of our offending, and the extent thereof must therefore be gauged by the question of the standing of that institution in the estima- tion of the public, as a reliable source of information, and how far it fulfills the aims and purposes for which it was established. I think nine-tenths of the mining public will think my sketch not much overdrawn when I describe the Exchange as a melan - choly ghost that stalks its nightly rounds to the show music of nominal quotations ; nightly its dry bones are rattled in the make-belief it is still alive, and I know of no analogy to such a performance save the invitation of the showman to walk up and see the live lion stuffed with straw. The ceremony of bone rattling is conducted with proper decorum, chiefly by the caller and one of the leading brokers, and at its con- clusion no one seems one penny the better or worse. The company consisting of a few curious spectators, those who have dropped in, and a sprinkling of brokers, then stroll into the street to do business, and hear the latest news. And it is for an institution such as this that honorable men are to have reflections cast upon their characters in the public Press, because forsooth we have not attended the death bed, or gone through the mock ceremony of praying deference to the worthless bones of a fractionally defunct institution. Yours truly, W. H. COULDERY. P.S. — By reference to my diary I see that on the 17th inst. the directors were informed by the manager of the consider- able improvement in the mine, 100 ozas. were estimated to be procured in two breakings-down of the reef. Next day the Gympie correspondent of the Maryborough Chronicle reports the improvement. On the 18th the correspondent of the Courier reports It to that journal, and on the 20th there is another favorable notice. On the 18th the directors had to make a financial statement to their bankers, as a large P.N. fell due on the 25th, and they had to arrange it should either be renewed or met. In that statement the yield of the present crushing was estimated at 600 ozs. I think these facts speak for themselves, and prove in the first place no concealment, and secondly, that the good yield of 833 ozs,, is a pleasurable surprise to the direc- tors as well as the rest of the shareholders. W. H. C. 