i . SELECTED POETRY. ' " ' ' ' A CHRISTMAS STORY. J1Y anORGG It. SIMS. Tlioy quarrelled on Christinas night, Fell out, and it came to blows. No, it wasn't a stand-up light; For tho woman was one of those \- Who, laves liko a faithful dog, c With a Iqvo as deep, as inula,.« Will was primed with the Christnyia grojj, And drunk he was just a bruto. A wco frail thing was slio— A trembling, palo-faccd wench-; Arid a burly chap was lie, With a giant's list lo clench. He clenched it that night with rage At something his help-meat said Somo counsel discreet and sage, It was that to. the quarrelled. It was but a loving word. Just a thrifty wife's advice j Slip wasn't a scold to gird, Hut liia1 wrath was up in a trice. He was always a hasty chap, And quick with a word and blow; If lie hadn't been druuk, mayhap, ;Things, wouldn't have happened so. lie up with iua list, did Will, And ho hit her across tho head ; She groaned, and llion all was still, And sh^ lay like n lump of lead. Sho had fallen across the'chair, And her face was whito us death; Ho opened the door for air, And listened to hear her breath. Ho lookod in her ashen face And. saw whero his fist had hit Near tho temple—a nasty place— j And the skin, ifc'ilh the blow had split. Down oi\ liijii kneos ho fell, Sobered and shaking now ; In his heart ho had loved her well, And it was but a drunken vow. Dead I—Not a sign of life, Not'a flutter—lie strained his ears ;. Ho gazed on his murdered wife With a thousand ghastly fears. His brain was allamo. Ho thought Of the m.urdoror's awful doom Safety in, flight he sought, And rushed from the haunted room. He wandered and wandcrod far Away from tho ghostly sight, Seeing in every star God's eye on that Christmas night. With her wraith" at his heels ho flew, Travelled and sought tho sea, And, joining a rablilo crew, ' /failed for tho wild West free. Oyer the whole oarlli's faco, Bearing tho" brand of Cain— Now in somo savago place, Now on tho distant main Wandered tho guilty wrotch, Haunted by night and day, : With his hands too foul to stretch; Up to the skies and pray. Haggard and worn and wo.ik, Jlon read in his deop-lined brow, A story he dared not speak, Arid all of tliiim shunned'him i.ow. Outcast, with never a friend • Under the world-wide sky, Longed he his life to end, \7;t did ho fear to die. Accursed of God, ho bore Tho weight of a voiceless woe. Till the years he counted as four ' Sinco lie slriick'the falal blow. And ibo Christinas time oam.o l'onml As they sighted a famous strand, Whero old lingland's sono liavo found' . A home in a foreign land. There tho bells rung out a ohimp, On tho sultry Christinas moi'ii, .To tell •)( the swijijlj glad timo : iWhen Christ the Lord was born. .Tlioy rang in tho outcast's ears, : A message of tender love ; Then his fuco, all wet witli tears, Ho prayed to the God abovo. And when fiom his kneos ho rose There wa3 hopo in the sinner's breast ;• He had seen how his lifo should close—. God had pointed the path to vest. Homeward he bent his way(i ' - Homo to tho far-olf goal, • To toll in tho light of day Tho fiocrot that seared his soul., All 1 weary the road has been ; 1Bnt tlio pilgrim stands at last Thoro on tho old, old scene, ' Tliero witl; the ghastly past. He will see whero he struck tho blow, Ere lie goes to his righteous fato,. And then shall grim jnstice know Who knocks at lier from tho gate, Ho ivill whisper his secret then That is known but to God on, high It soon shall be known of men— :..What will it cost to die ? 'Twas God, when ho prayed, who lent l'oaco to, his tortured breast, By him was tho pilgrim sent That confession his soul might rest. Tic stands in tho early morn There, whero the deed was dono, Just (id. tho light is born ' Of the taint December ami no peers in the liny room, Then reels with a'soared while face— Is it part of liio awfulidoonj, That hisr ghost shall haunt the place?! There!—there 011 the cursed spot 1— tr " Mercy, 0 God !" ho erics ; And his breath comes fast and hot—,.■■■■■ > How she stares with those sweet bluo eyes!_ She comes down the garden walk With her aims outstretched to him; Can a phantom in daylight stalk As itdoes in the twilight dim?. -:3 SI19 comes, and he tries to scroaui: " Back, phanlom of flesh and blood !''■ 'Tis a murderer's ghastly dream ; Vet hark, how her heart goes thud 1_ It is she. 'Tis his winsome wife— ' • - , . •' No ghost from a silent tomb ; llor kiss has the warmth of life : He is saved from a murdci^r's doonu ♦ * 1 t ^ Ilark, how tho bells ring out 1 SwQct on tho frosty air; iwa God's, message—nil I nevex a doubt—. " Behold how I answer piayer." Told is the story soon How she whom'ho fancied d<?ad Had come fiom her death-like swoon Only tp find him lied. , JIo has left me," she thought, and wept/' " Ho has left jne for eveimoie 1" ■ ' Yet true had her fond heart kept As slowly tho years passed o'er. -* .It is Noel, the glad bells siay, As they clang fiom tho bteeplo's height;" Let the joy of this Christmas Day •> Atnne lor that Christmas night, " 