ITHE V.R.C. MEETING— THK 0UP CAY. BV Grace Darling. J . It's all very fine of you to say that lama lUCKy girl to win the Caulfield Cup, but you ask either the b'-es or Paddy Gill, and they'll tell you I showed them a "go" good enough for anything, and made tbe Ghost give up over the last six Itirlonge ; and both were certain that I was a long way in it. The way Williams got through showed lie knew what he was doing, and the table landed a fair stake, and. I'm glad I put down that misnamed Britisher, for he is not a ganie one, anyhow. He fairly caved when I challenged him, and that's not like a Britisher anyhow, for obstinacy is a real Britisher's religion. The Melbourne Cup is tlie race of the year. Mel I dou 't feel any the worse for my t otory, lut two miles is a bit further than I've yet been ; but neither is there any reason why I shouldn't get that journey as well as I did the mile and a half ; for my Pa the Diver oonld stay for a week, and the Sir Heicules blood of my Mamms should assint me equally well over a long journey. You didn't wish to be personal. Oh, you're quite excusable. I don't iikeinsinua- ions, though. But; about Cup Day. Well, I m told that the Committee. made no end of improvements in the accommodation for tbe public, and quite right, too; for it's the public that bring in the money, which brings owners, horses and bookmakers together. The Stand has been done up and im proved wherever possible ; the accommodation for the ladiie has been wonderfu'ly improved ; refreshments are arranged on the best possible fjoting, while the racing promises to be better taau at any previous meeting. Despite the un- parallele'd crowds which is expected onthie oc casion, -there will be 110 fear of a repetition of the crushing- experience in The Assyrian's year, while the amount of rain which has fallen al ready thia season, assures us of tiDe weather, and has rendered course and lawn like an Emerald carpet. Never before hive I Been such verdure aud such a wealth of bloom at this sessou of the year as is now to be found at Flemington ; while i'm told that the dresses this year are so taBte- ful, yet bright, and will be worn by such a host of bt ight-syed girls ihat th© Stand will resemble a living flower show. Then on ihe hill the ac commodation for its patrons have been greatly 'improved, and the whole of . the enormous crowd aipected will be accommodated without crushing "or confusion. All eorts of amusements are pro vided to while away the short intervals between the races, and while every comfort is provided at the relreshment booths. Those who bring their own comestibles can have every requiaite to fxnake their picnic enjoyable, while visitors to the i Stand -will see ihat Mr Siraker has this tyear exoelled all his previous eflforlB in catering. The programme is a good one, and has a uoble -entry, indeed. The Railway Stakes Opens the ball, and here the cracks are slightly handicapped to the moderate division by penal- tie;, i but ae'.a rule the cracks win ; but with Honeydew, Moonshee, Ravenswortb, _ and Oakleigb, Isonomy, and First Chester in this, a most exciting contest may be anticipated : and at a mile arid a.quarter Winchester might upset the lot. The Kensington Stakes Then brings out a fiuo field of two-years-old, and as both The Nun and Maddelina are en gaged, It shows that some rare quality will be on view, while The Fobber, Halcyon, Duffetin, and Essie are to the fore. Oh, what an ex citing time it is from the instant tho gong gives the signal they are away, until the oolors of the winning jacket flash by the judge. The Hurdle Race Comes next. In this the Agent heads the list and. I farioy that it is just possible that he, Royal Maid and Duration will all have a say in it; for Mr Barnard has made a great handicap, and a rare contest may be looked for. Whata hostl of clever horsemen over jumps we have-in Victoria, and how the ladies love jumping event'. Certainly Melbourne is the only pace where jumping is seen to perfection. l'he melbourne CUP Now promises to be the greatest race ever seen over ; two miles in Victoria ; fully thir y-five horses may be expected to start, and each horse, owner, and trainer is confident of victory. What will win I can!t pretend to say, but 1 know 1 will try. arid with Lord Exeter, Prince Imperial, Stornaway, . Sheet Anchor, Kit Nubbles, Acolyte, and myself, a pretty race would result if all tbe. test were out of it, but they ' ain't, and the only advice I can give is to come r and see'it. And if you are in the paddock go to the rails when the Cup is being run, and as .' the horses turn for the abbattoirs do you turn aUo and look at the hill, and as long as you live you'll never forget the sight as the faces turn like one man's, following tbe flying steeds in their fierce Btruggle for the palm of victory. , The Nursery Handicap Follows and here such a host are entered that they'll take an hour to lot k at. The YanYean Stakes Follows, and this baa eieu u grtater entiy, sixty horses having nominated. ' If this isn't enough sport ft r one day fur any one he must he a glutton, and I hear Paddy coming with a feed of oats I'll say good bye 1 pro tem.' as tbey say in the Classics. 