BT. 8AVIOURB CHUBRCH RECORD 1TEMS. DRINK AND IBsam?Y.-Lord Shaftesbury as Chairman of the Commission on Lunacy, says :--"Having made inquiries into the matter, and having fortified them by in quiries in America, which confirmed the' in quiries made in this country, the result is, that fullysix-tenths of all the cases of insanity to be found in these realms and in-America, arise from no other cause than from the habits of intemperance in which the people have indulged." DRINK A SCANDAL ON OUR RELIGION:. When Mahomedans see one of their. own iect intoxicated, they exclaim at once, " That man has left Mahomed, and has gone over to Jesus." WAR v. LIQUOR.-" The cost in money of all the ware in which England was engaged during the (nearly) 200 years, ending 1867, amounted to £1,235,741,200. In ten years, from 1872 to 1881 inclusive, the expenditure by Christian England on intoxicating liquors was £1,365,000,000.-Dr. Grindrod. A TEMPERANCE editor, in drawing atten tion to an article against ardent spirits, in one of his papers, says :--" For the effects of intemperance, see our inside !" WHY will newspapers persist in abbrevia ting a Son of Temperance, and make a S.O.T. of him? Too CLEVER.-" We don't sell spirits," said a law evding publican. "We will give you a glass, and then if you want a biscuit, we'll sell it to you for sixpence." The good creature-a stiff glass of liquor was handed over, and it was swallowed. The landlord passed his customer a biscuit. "Well, no, I think not," said the beer-drinker, "you sell'em too dear." I can get lots of 'em five or six a penny, round the corner." THE BOOT OF THE DISEASE.-"DOctor," said a wealthy patient, "I want you to be thorough and strike at the root of the disease." "Well, I will," said the doctor, as he lifted his cane and broke into pieces a bottle and a glass that stood upon a side board." The doctor was too honest. He was not required to call again. BEEB V. BREAD-Professor Liebig tells us that 1,460 quarts of the best Bavarian beer contains exactly as much nourishment as may be found in a 2) lb. loaf of bread. WHISKEY.-" How solemn and beautiful is the thought," said Mark Twain sarcasti cally, " the earliest pioneer of civilization, the van-leader of civilization is never the steamboat, never the railroad, never the newspaper, never the Sunday school, never the missionary, but always the whiskey 1 Such is the case. Look history over; you will see." DECREASE OF EMIRnATIOx?-During the year ending December 31st, 1884, there left the United Kingdom for places out of Europe 241,691 persons of British origin, 57,543 foreigners, and 4,840 whose nationa lity was not distinguished-the total thus being 304,074. During the year 1883 the total was 397,157, thus exhibiting a decrease last year of upwards of 93,000. PATIENCE.-YoU can do anything if you will only have patience: water may be carried in a sieve, if you can only wait till it freezes. CRICKET AND THE SABBATH.-The Mel bourne Roman Catholic colleges of St. Pat rick and St. Xavier, says the Southern Cross, practice football and cricket on Sundays, and yet almost every other school in Mel bourne can thrash them. \- HOMELESS PERSONS.-It is computed that there are about seventy thousand homeless persons in London at all times. A FINE EPITAPH.-On the tomb of Atolus of Rheims, the following epitaph is said to be written," He exported his fortune before him into heaven, he is gone thither to enjoy it." URBAN MYOPIA.-In a recent address at the Society of Arts, Mr. 'Brudenell Carter drew attention to a form of myopia to which the dwellers in populous districts are pe culiarly subject. There is no doubt that town-life is conducive to short sight. " There is not one man in ten who, in walking about a crowded town, does not habitually keep his eyes fixed on the ground, or, at any rate, upon a very near point. Visual accomo dation for near distance becomes habitual, because it is a protective necessity against collisions and other dangers of the streets. Hence dwellers in towns should take fre quent walks abroad, so that, by gazing on distant objects, they may preserve their eyes by a healthful relaxation of visual tension. THE MISSION FIELTD.-There are 290,000 inhabited towns and villages in Bengal and the North-West Provinces of India alone. Calculate, says the Christian Witness, how long it would take to visit and preach once in each of these; how much it would cost to place one Bible in each; and how many men of earnest piety are needed to give one evangelist to each score of villages. And what are these two provinces to the whole of India ? and what is India to China ? MARK TWAIN ON GEOLOGY.-In his Life on the Mississippi,;MarkTwain says :-"Now, if I wanted to be one of those ponderous scientific people, and 'let on' to prove what had occurred in the remote past, by what has occurred in a given time ii the recent past, or what will occur in the far future, by what has occurred in late years, what an opportunity is here I Geology never had such a chance, nor such exact data to argue from! nor development of species either! Glacial epochs are great things, but they are vague-vague. Please observe :-In the space of 176 years the Lower Mississippi has shortened itself 240 miles. This is an average of a trifle over one mile and a third per year. Therefore any calm person, who is not blind or idiotic, can see that in the Old Oolitic Silurian period, just a million years ago next November, the Lower Mississippi River was upwards of 1,300,000 miles long, and stuck out over the Gulf of Mexico like a fishing rod, and by the same token any person can see that 742 years from now the Lower Mississippi will only be a mile and three quarters long, and Cairo and New Orleans will have joined their streets together, and be plodding comfortably along under a single Mayor and a mutual board of Alder men. There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact." THE EXODUS OF ISRAEL.-Professor Hall, who has lately written a learned geological work upon the Gulfs of Suez and Akaba, has come to the conclusion that at the time of the Exodus there was a continuous connexion of the Bitter Lakes and the Red Sea. PROFESSOR HUXLEY AND THE BIBLE. Professor Huxley, in advocating the Bible as a book which the young should study, said: ' I have said it before, and I repeat it here: if a man cannot get literary culture of the highest kind out of his Bible, he cannot get it out of anything." HONESTY THE BEST POLICY.---Sir W. Scott says that it is a "great truth that guilt, though it may attain temporal splen dour, can never confer real happiness; that the evil consequences of our crimes long survive their commission, and, like the ghosts of the murdered, for ever haunt the steps of the malefactors; and that the paths of virtue, though seldom those of wordly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and peace." I AFFIRM that no shred of trustworthy experimental testimony exists to prove that life in our day has ever appeared inde pendently of antecedent life.--ProJ. Tyndall. SABBATH OBSERVANCE.- The Sabbath must be remembered. Ex. zz.8. The Sab bath must be hallowed. Ex. xx. 8. The Sabbathmustbesecurefromordinary, secular occupation-day of rest. Ex. xx. 9. The Sabbath must be employed in divine worship, private and public. Isa. lxvi. 23 ; Acta xx. 7\. The Sabbath mustbe hailed as honouirable to the Lord, and held in delight as a day of gladness. Isa. Iviii. 13; Psa. exviii. 24 ; Acts xx. 7. The Sabbath must not be dishonoured by frivolous recreation or pleasure. Isa. lviii. 13. The Sabbath must not be disturbed by munscemly nioise and tum ult. Hab. ii. 20; Matt. xxiv. 20; Heb. iv. 9. The Sabbath must not be outraged by gala spectacles, etc. Isa. Iviii, 13; l'sa. lxv. 1. 2, 4,7. 