IWhyDid He Wed Her? ?%??'. ? ? ? E 2 ? .' BY MBS. SOUTHWORTH. i £ asjxhob of 'the hidden hand,' 'self- ! : :; made,' 'thebbide op an | i'f-' EVENING,** &c.; JE3HAPTBE XVI. — Beidh and Bbidegboom. i - Iioveii life, ? And Hate Is never-ending strife. Lore is the Holy Ghost within ; Sate, the unpardonable sin. 'Who pxeaahes otherwise than this Betrays his Master with a kiss. — Lokbpellow. : '' lo the dead he sayeth, ' Arise 1 ' ? To the living, 'Follow me i' \- Acd ttttt voice still Eoundeth on, Prom the centuries that are gone, ' To the centuries that shall be. — Ibis. .'. Cleve Stuart's troubles commenced with his jioneymooh — ignoble, financial troubles, which he .;:imew very well he was bringing upon himself by jnarryine Palma Hay. ;[?:'? ? Bnt he did not repine even in his secret heart. Y- 'I have deserved all I may be called upon to Buffer/ he said to himself, in the spirit of an ^ expiator. * I have deserved the worst, not for * Wedding Palma after I had discovered her to be '^»enniless, but for having proposed to marry the invalid girl when I supposed her to be wealthy. Yes, I have deserved all, and more than all, that ^1 may have to bear. But she ought never to suffer, and she never shall do so if any labor or self-denial on my part can save her from it, and ??tab I trust my soul may be purged of its sin against her.' \ ;' No sign of Cleve's inward distress appeared on . iis countenance, in his manner, or in the tones of ' -Jiis voice, while he was with Palma, so that Bhe Ttruly believed hi™ to be as happy as she was her :;eelL :; And if with her he was always bright, cheerful, and animated, this mood was not altogether the : *ffect of self-command, but that of her influence _mpon him. ~ There was a sphere of love, peace, and inno cence emanating from the spirit of the young girl \- that seemed to envelop him as Boon as he came ?within its circle. Perhaps there never was in this world a hap pier bride than Palma Stuart. She was not enr arounded by splendor, but by sunshine. She was 'not ' lapped' in luxury,' but in elysium. She was » growing stronger every day. She was getting .-troll. Her nurse, landlady, and fellow boarders ?aw it and commented on it. Cleve Stuart recog niBed the fact and knew that she was most likely to live to be his long-life companion. He knew that under the divine providence he . himself had saved her life ; he knew, too — oh, dark and dreadful knowledge ! — that he had now, in her condition, the power of life and death over ?:ter — a power that he might exercise without re sponsibility to any earthly tribunal. It would . only need to withdraw his kind looks and words and .-'acts, and substitute cold contempt, quiet aver sion, forbearance of caresses, avoidance of her \- presence — to send her back to her former state of debility even unto death — to see her wither as .. a flower withers when dej^rived of sunshine and of dew. But not to gain the throne of the world . ,«would ?Cleve Stuart have taken this course with -Us' little-loved bride. On the contrary, he devoted himself to her, and ?nade her happy, and so raised her from illness and restored her to health. But how were they to live ? As has been said, Cleve Stuart had been brought :op without a profession, and in the expectation of inheriting a rich Mississippi plantation. He had ^returned from his years of Eastern travel, after tcivil war had devastated his native country, to learn that his plantation was a desert, its build ings burned to the ground, its stock carried off, its laborers fled, its land grown up in weeds, the ?whole turned into a howling wilderness that » ??would require many thousands of dollars and some years of time to reclaim. For the present \- -that ruined plantation must be left to itself. But how was he to live and to support his invalid wife ? The idea of his bachelor life had been to seek Eoine employment as bookkeeper in some nier ' can tile establishment, clerk in some office, or usher in some school, and to devote his leisure hours to the study of law. But the whole of that plan could not be carried out under pre sent circumstances. He might get employment possibly, and he would get it if he could, but . his leisure time must be devoted, not to the etndy of law, but to the care of his delicate young bride. The first step was to seek tlie needed eniploy ment. He took the Tbuhpeteb and searched its ad vertising columns. He made a list of every advertisement for bookeepers, clerks and teachers, and answered every one of them, for he said to himself, quoting an old proverk : ' If one don't succeed, another can't fail.' He spent a day in answering the advertisements, _ and a dollar in postage stamps. But nothing came of all this. Clearly the pro verb was not infallible. Then he descended a step lower and answered an advertisement for a private secretary; but with no better success. fI snppose I sliail have to try for a coachman's ? place. I can handle the ribbons pretty well/ he said with a bitter laugh, at the recollection of the time when he used to drive tandem and to be ? reckoned a crack whip on the English highroads. At length he advertised en his own account for a situation as clerk, teacher, or bookkeeper ; but the money he paid for the advertisement was thrown away. He did not get one single offer. ? I wonder if it would not be just as hard to find a coachman's place or a groom's, or butler's, era waiter's,' he asked himself, with a laugh ; ? for there seems to be no place in the world for a ? poor gentleman, even though he may be willing and anxious .to work.' . Meanwhile the season was advancing, and the Pine Mountain House was being filled up with guests. It was a Email but very popular place of summer resort. In a high, wooded country, within an easy walk to the railway station, and the steamboat landing, and within little more than an hour's run by rail to New Tprk.- The terms, also, were moderate. These were the attractions that drew Cleve Stuart, as well as others to the place. He paid twenty-five dollars a week for himself, his wife, and her attendant. Near the first of June Cleve paid for his fourth .meek at the 'Pines/ and then' lie went to his toom to examine his accounts. He was alone. : Palma was sitting put on the pizza, attended Ijj Mrs. Pole. She, poor child, knew nothing of her husband's anxieties. She thought ot him as one possessing almost unlimited power, and ?he rested confident and satisfied with her depend ence japon him. Nor would he, on any account, have dispelled this illusion. \- 'Sow he drew down the front blinds, sat down to the little centre table, with his back to the / windows, and opened his pocketbook, and counted Mb money. lie had just sixty-five dollars left— not enough to pay another month's board at the fines. Something most 'be done, but what P . Board to euit every degree of means might be -found in the city, and the small remnant of his funds might be eked out even for two months ; but he could not now, when the treatber was beginning to grow hot, and people were leaving the city, take hia fragile wife hack thus, except at the, risk of her health and life. She required the mountain and wood land sir, as well ae all hi£ lore and care to establish her health ; and, come what might, Palma's wel fsze cmet be his first consideration. She was doing so Veil here it would be crnel, and might ffe Jatal, to take her sway. Besides, she had formed a little circle of spends among the people In the house, who were Eeeply interested in her, mad open whom tshe be**9wed all the affection she «0nld pomSbly spare {rota her adored Cleve, and Inwnjheir esteemed Polejr. The story of her joaaa&a; marriage had got about among the Spife and had inspired sympathy for the Sjnmgyux. Much admiration was spoken apart, m Igroum, for the jotmg -otaa mho had re iftraed town his extended tow over the Eastern MmMbem, to Sod MaVtfao&m; 'dying -Aa.Ae~ WuLm& had staffed her that he might t* pS#flc*r baracd take j»r*ocia ewe of her £^W*&«aiir»;-wdwho *a4,&r; «****, |Kfrw*ieb«zoe11-«£«tuUach cuocecsftd cax*et me&atto; »m twBrwftotifljr h« to hwltb. And quietly, unostentatiously, they all helped him in this sacred duty, by judiciously coddling and petting the pretty little invalid bride. Cleve saw .that Palma was beloved, caressed, popular, happy, and growing healthy in her pre sent surroundings, and he could not 'bear the thought of taking her away, until the season should be over, if by any labor or by any sacrifice on his part he could keep her there. But how to do this, if we could get no employ ment ? He sat staring at the fifty-dollar greenback, the ten-dollar note, the five-dollar note, and the four silver quarters that represented the whole of his capital. . Suddenly a bright thought struck him. ' I am richer than I supposed/ he said. And he went to his trunk, unlocked it, and took out a small, steel-bound oaken casket, brought it to the table, touched a secret spring, and opened it. A little tray of diamonds flashed in his eyes. There were a pair of sleeve buttons, each a soli taire large as a pea ; there were three front studs, each a solitaire, but smaller than the buttons ; there was a scarf-pin, a cluster of brilliants, and there was a ring with another solitaire. He smiled in self-pity, not unmixed with a little self-reproach, as he looked at these jewels. He had bought them in his prosperous and dandy days, years ago, in Paris; and had liked to display some or all of them on proper occasions. But since his arrival at years of discretion — if, indeed, he had reached that desirable time of life — and especially since his return to the United States, he had never wished to wear them, and had never done so. They had lain away in his trunk, never thought of, really for gotten until this hour. Now he began to compute their value. _ ' These sleeve buttons, if I remember ' right, cost me five thousand francs ; these studs three thousand ; the scarf-pin and the ring somewhere about two thousand each, in all about twelve thousand francs, or about two thousand four hun dred of our money. Diamonds, I suppose, have risen in price as everything else has during the war ; yet* I doubt if I can get more than fifteen hundred for these at a forced sale. However, I will sell only one at a time.' And Cleve Stuart closed his casket and locked it up in Ms trunk with the feeling of having come into a small fortune unexpectedly. He went out with a brighter mien than usual, and took a seat beside his young wife. At that time there happened to be no one else on the front piazza. She was reading an evening paper that had been loaned her by a gentleman who had just brought it up from the city — one of those gentle men who went every morning by the early train to their business in the city, and returned every afternoon, in the same way, to their families at the Pine Mountain House. ' ua, see nere, -Jieve i she eageriy exclaimed, looking up from the papers. ' Here is news of a relation, of mine whom I never heard of before in all the days of my life ! ' ' Ah, indeed i' said Stuart, immediately show ing interest. ' Yes, indeed.' ' And who may that be p' ' Mr. Randolph Hay, of Haymore, late of Cali. fornia.' * But if you never heard of him before in all your life, how do you know he is a relation of yours ?' laughed Stuart, who knew very well who she meant. * Because he is a Hay, of Haymore : and Hay more is my grandfather's seat in Yorkshire, England, of which I have heard my father speak. Just listen while I read this to you/ ' Very well, my pet, go on/ Societt News. Mr. Bandolph Hav, late of San Francisco, t?ho has just succeeded to one of the finest old estates in England — namely, Haymore, in the West aiding of Yorkshire, sailed for Liverpool last week to take formal possession of liis rich inheritance. It appears that the father of Mr. San dolphHay emigrated to California, and married in that State. Mr. Kandolph Hay was born ill San Francisco. and considers himself a native American. He lost boUi parents a few years ago, but hu ever since lived in the Gold Siate. By the death of his grandfather, some months since, he has come into the inheritance of Haymore. But such is his strong- ettachment to the land of his birth, that — it is confidently asserted — he will letor leave his English manor in the hands of his bailiff, and make his permanent home in New York ; and that on his return bom England he is soon to lead to the hymenial altar the beautiful and accomplished Hiss Lamia. Leegh. The bride and bride groom elect hare our heartiest congratulations. ' There. 'What do you think of that ?' Cleve Stuart had turned pale. He did not reply. Palma still had her eyes fixed npon the paper, and failed to observe his change of color. 'I did not know I had a cousin in the world. He's the son of that uncle who was Vit?ed in California/ she went on. * Do you know much about your father's family, Palma ?' inquired Stuart. ' No ; very little. I can just vaguely remember bits of conversation between my father and my mother — both of whom went to heaven before I was six years old, you know — and which gave me some faint idea of their condition in life. But these impressions are 'void and without form;' except one fact which is very clear — that both my father and his next eldest brother were dis carded by my grandfather, the first for marrying my mother, and the second for refusing to take holy orders and go into the living that was in the gift of the squire. My dear father died, as you know, in New York. My uncle was killed, as we heard, in California. I suppose this fine, new cousin of mine must be the eon of the Cali ornian/ 1 Why not the son of the eldest son, and heir of the squire ?' 'Oh, he was killed — unmarried — before my father died ; killed by a fall from his horse while hunting. I remember hearing about that while my dear father was in bis last illness. You see what a fatality follows the family: two sons killed out of three, and the other dying in his early prune' of manhood.' ' Yes, it is strange and terrible/ said Stuart, vaguely. His thoughts were somewhere else. * And to think that I, -who did -not know that I had a relative in the world except my aged grandfather, -who had discarded my father, should have this own cousin in New York. It seems so very strange/ ' My dear, since yon thought you had no rela tive in the world except your grandfather, now deceased, did it never occur to you that in such a case yon would be his heiress?' gravely inquired Sruart. (TO XX CONTIKXTBD.) 