. MARQUIS OF LORNE ON IMPERIAL FEDERATION > Although much was not expected from Lord Ltorno when ho wont to Canada, as governor, it must bo coufossod thitt ho displayed cousidcr- ablo judgment and capability in tho discharge of his duties, and that, ho did not in any way interfere with the duo course of responsible government. lie was as loyal to the Caundians ns they were to the sovereign of whom he was tho representative. HL. has, moreover, since his retirement from office, spoken wisely nud effectively in hehalC of'tho interests of the colo nies all round, and ho3 been eveu mora conur.'.y. nicativo on Imperial questions than rel.unicijl governors arc wont to he. Ifo has not sjuajf tho Homo Govemmcut when criticisiug-'wP colonial policy, and has even let out some State secrets that a professional Governor would havo hesitated to reveal. Leforo proceeding io discuss tho part ho has taken in promoting tlio demand for Imperial V ederatiou, it will prove instructive to look at somo of his independent sayings and doings as a friend of tho colonics generally. A few years ago it was rumored or suspected that Lord Derby and Lord Granville were negotiating with the French Govern- . nicnt for its surrender of some claims .to territory nnd fishing privileges on tho shores Of Newfoundland, tho consideration for tho sur- . render to be the acknowledgement that French interests wero paramount in the Now Hebrides, or, as tho Marquis puts it, iu " certain islands in tho Pacific." The fact that such an infamous intriguo was in progress now stands revealed, and wo are indebted to Lord Lorno for tho ad ditional information that " none of the Austra lian Agents-General were informed that such a matter had entered into tho realms of discussion, although' it was well known that Australia takes the keenest interest in everything affect ing the settlement of tho arcliipolagoes of the Southern sea s, nor was Canada consulted on the subjecj, although tho Newfoundland fishery questions are intimately connected with her own." Tho nefarious trans action was not consummated, hut no thanks arc duo to tlio EuglisU'Ministcrs for its failure. It so happened that, although tho strictest secrecy wa3 observed, and tho Australians wero unconscious of tho peril in which they stood, events wore passing in tho colonics which opened the eyes of Lords Derby and Granville to tho danger of tho course they wero pur- suing. Tho plot was defeated through tho accidental coincidence of an anti-French agitation springing up in Australia ; and this led to tho necessity of tho English Ministers, reconsidering their position. Tho fact is that Franco had not tho ghost of n valid claim to jurisdiction iu nuy part of tho territory of Newfoundland, and it bc- como evident thai- tho transaction, instead of being a surrender on tho part of France, would really be an unconditional surrender on tho part of England. Tho particulars of tho abor- tivo conspiracy will never see tho light of day in any blBe book, but it will not bo forgotten in Australia, and wo have to tbauk Lord Lorno for liia very suggest ivo reference to tbo matter. Neither does ho hesitate to denounco in good set terms tlio "pusillanimous, hositating nud vacillating policy of tho Colonial Ofilco on tho Now Guinea question," Lord Lorno forms n very high. estimate of iho fighting power of tho colonies. There "were from 40,000 to 50,000 Canadians in tho ranks of tlio Northern armies during tho civil war in tlio United States, and ho believes that from 200,000 to 300,000 uieu could iinvo been raised if they had been required at tlio timo of the Fenian raids iu 1867 and 1872. Australia, ho thinks, could with scarcely an effort placo 30,000 or 40,000 good troops in tbo field for self defence. Ho adopts this comparatively low figuro becauso tlio arrangements for train ing are not so complete ns in Canada. This want of colonial training is, however, compen sated to a certain extent by tho superior in telligence of tho men Individually. When -it ia considered thut it would heavily tax tho re sources of any European power to send so many troops to tho antipodes, it is evident that it will not bo long before tho Australian colonics aro iu n position of safety from auy invading force. Canada is already self reliant against any power other than tho United Stales, nnd even with them n strugglo in which Canada stood on tho defonsivo would not bo very unequal. Tho British Empiro, iu alliance with tho United States, could defy tho whole of tho rest of tho world. If such a coalition coulil bo brought about thoro would bo somo chance of an early inauguration of tho millennium of peace, and it is not likoly to be brought about in any other way. Lord Lorno throws out a hint about the Agents-General of tho Australian colonics which is worthy of attention. Tho High Commissioner of .Canada has a rank and influence far transcending tho aggregate of thoso of tho WAustralian agents. Ho iB not only an agonjJor tho Dominion, hut an' envoy or ambassadefc to tho British Govern ment, and enjoys somo of . tho privileges of a Cabinet Minister. Tho Government acknow ledge his right %. to secret information respecting tlio negotiations of com mercial treaties. Ho is a Besident Minis ter who exchanges viow3 with tho British Ministry — a diplomatist conducting tho Stato business of tho colony. Ho is oven placed iu communication with foreign courts, and ho is tho coadjutor of British ambassadors abroad. Tho relations bctwe<> Canada and England aro consequently tlioso of alliance rather than allegiance. Tho High Commissioner is charged, as plenipotentiary, with " tlio duty and responsibility of negotiating treaties with foreign powers, "and his position in this capacity- is acknowledged by both Lord Derby and Lord Granville. Of conrso ho takes caro not to interfere with matters in which Canada is not concerned, and by minding his own business his power is enhanced. 'Tho story of the creation of- this oflico is worthy oF being studiod by Australian colonists with a Tiew to tho examplo being takou as ono worthy of imi tation Tho presout High Commissioner is Iho second who has held tho oflico, and tho institu tion can no longer bo regarded as an experiment. In this respect Canada has always enjoyed greater privileges than auy other colony, for, so longago as 1854, Lord Elgin, in his capacity of Canadian Governor, qnito as much as in that of a British official, went to Washington to negotiate a Beciprocity Treaty. Ho v.as vir- tually a High Commissioner. Tlio history of the institution, as told by Lord Lome, runs thus : — When Sir John Maedonnld assumed ofiico in 1878 ho soon began to find that ho wanted openings for foreign trade with Franco, Spain and tho American Itepublic, and employed Sir Alexander Gait, a distinguished Canadian statesman and financier, to communicate bis Tiews to British Ministers. Ic became desir able that at tho Imperial bead-quarters a man of standing and high official position should lie appointed Resident Minister. It did not matter abat the titlo chosen for him should be, so long as in fact ho was accopted us tho Canadian Envoy. This appointment was not meant as an indication that Canada wished to- institute a diplomatic service, bat that sho desired that the Imperial diplomatic service should havo in corporated in it, for Canadian pnrpuses, a Cana dian Minister. Tho Governor-General, although serving ns a standing channel of commtuiication between tbo two Governments, could not bo at Ottawa and iu London at tlio tamo time ; and in any matter requiring verbal explanation and full knowledge of tho intentions and position of tho Cabinet at Ottawa, it became evident that it wonld be most useful for tho people dwelling on both sides of tho Atlantic to have a Cana dian Residout in London, who could at all times, for tho purposo of explanation and discussion, hold personal conference with tho Colonial Secretarv of State. Sbonld a new policy cnablo tho 'Canadians io make trade bargains with unv foreigners, tho Governor-General could not 'bo omploved to con duct tliom. Ho had to remain ut the capital, and could not, except by despatches indicate to tho Foreign Secretary on what lines his Govern ment thought it dcsiratilo to proceed, whilo verbal explanation and exposition wonld prevent de lay. rho proposal to appoint such an officer was a new one, nnd it may well bo imagined that among some of thoso accustomed to seo everything transacted by . Imperial officers without colonial assistance, tho innovation was looked upon as- portentous nf coming separa tion. Fortunately they who were at the head of affairs took another view. They believed that what bud been .'found essential for all State's iiomiuully independent, was necessary lor Canada with her real commercial iado pendente, 'iho titlo of High Commissioner was at ouco given to Sir Alexander Gait, and he preceded to London, where he was received witn that honor which comes onlv -troni friendship and respect. Ho was placed fin communication with foreign courts, with whoso Ministers lie comniouctxl negotiations as tho coadjutor of the British ambassador. Working with the assistance, co-operation ami support of the Imperial Minister, lie wus 'un- feitered iu his maimer of concluding tho bjismes; ou which his country had sent him. There were no stipulations made on the part of the ' British officials. The Canadian Govern ment, as a matter of course, and cs ncccssarv to the successor their wishes, placed before the Governor-General the instructions under which the envoy of his Government was acting, and he was made cognisant of nil public despatches to fair Alexander Gait as well as of those re ceived from him. Tho fullest confidence was shown on both sides, for it was felt that although Canada's attitude towards the mother country was now ono of alliance rather than of allegiance, that alliance was necessary and would remain as necessary as before. Canada had only t o 'express a desire for such a personal representation iu London to havo her wishes granted. It was wise to grant them. If tlio interests ofr a Federal U"'"" such as the Northern Dominion lias now become had been left wholly hi tho hands of British officials, any blame attaching to failure to secure thoso interests would always rest on England., On the other hand, once England receives a Minis ter representing a colony, and recognises that his country's interests are committed into his hand, anil supports them by licr influence with foraigners, failure of uny kind is visited bv the colony on, its ciivotf,nind not upon England, English failures iu old days. fo. secure what Canada wanted have been frequent and conspicuous enough. Witness the surrender of tho frontier of the State of Maine, nud tho loss of tho magnificeut provinces of Oregon and Washington territory on (he l'acilic OceiVu through tlio too great complaisance of British plenipotentiaries. Such faults will not again be laid to the door of Britain if she associates with her diplomatic agents the agent of tho colony, and lets him see htAv she supports his contentious and. works wiili him nnd itirougli him to further the desires of his Government. The noiuiitatiou of Sir A. Gait as High Com missioner was a new departure in the history of our empire. It was the first step taken to i constitute an imperial machinery for negotia ting all propositions affecting tlio colonics— a machinery which must .ultimately bo composed, not only of Imperial diplomatists, bat of men who represent (lie views of the respective colonial Cabinots. Without their presence and counsel it is impossible that Downing-strect can lie fully informed as to tho acttiai.conditions an'd tendencies. of politics in the dependencies, or bo fully aware of tho best menus of helping them. No doubt, when the Australian colonies havo become federated, arrangements will .bo made for tending a similar Resident Minister to London, but iu tho luoantimo (ho Agents- General should demand more consideration tlian they at present receive, and their powers should ho enlarged. That tiioy uro not in a better position is attributed by Lord Lorno to Aus-. traliau diffidence. Perhaps tho jealousies of the several colonies which staud in tho way of united action arc more to blame. If there had been an Australian High Commissioner a year or two ago, tlio series of blnnders which resulted iu the loss of tho north const of New Guinea might have beou averted. The limited powers of tho Agents-General are certainly n difficulty in tho way of securing propev attention to tho interests of the colonies they represent. Tlio self-isolation of New South, Wales, urising from her desiro to lie regarded as a free-trado colony pur cxccllcncr., is not likely to bo lasting. Lord Lorno is a free trader, but he has tho sense to see that New Sonth Wales is likely to follow her sister's example rather than that of (ho mother coun try. He might have added that England her self is likely to revert to her old faith rather than to continue playing tbo part of a inartvr. English politicians aro qaito uttublo to grasp tho qncstiou of Imperial Federation, because they cnunot seo how to retain ail the power they havo already got uud yet givo away some of it. They cau understand that iu a partnership there should bo a division of pro fits, and they aro ready to divido what re mains after they have taken the whole. Tiioy havo tho control of the destinies of tlie empire, and they admit the right of its component parts to havo a voico us to how thoy should be dealt with, but they wish tcyrotaiii all tho voting- power. Provided: they- aro allowed to havo their own way they havo no objection to listen to advice. They aro wiliilig to lot the colonists havo a little oatmeal while they feast on tho salmon and cucmnbor. Beyond this point they cannot get. Tlio Marquis of Lome is like tho rest of tho tribe, and. as bo cannot solve tho problem how to givo something and yet part with nothiug, he is content to state what is desirable without saying how it is to bo done ill a satisfactoiy way. That this is a fair description, of his position is shown by the keynote of his discourse, namely : — " It is far too early to havo any cut-and-dricd schemos-'hs to tho best manner in which closer union may be effected." This is tho "beginning and end ing of what bo has to say. It is the same with tlio Imperial Federation League, whoso members meet to listen to everything and to decido on nothing. Throughout this treatise, and throughout tho transactions of the league, a glimpse of tho truth is now and then obtained, and iu a minute afterwards all is dark ncss. The question is no donbt beset with' difficulties, but they aro artificially created, and no progress will be mado till these difficulties aro grappled with, instead of being, as they are, evaded. There is much that is admirable in Lord Lome's book, and every now and tlicu tbo reader is in expectation of having tho wholo bliicc of the truth boldly thrown upon tho sub ject, but disappointment invariably ensues. Tbo great preliminary principle which must bo re cognised as essential to any cquitablo 6chcmo is that before federation can tako place Eugluud must consent to becomo a mere province of tho empire, and her present Parliament bo re stricted to deal with local questions only. Our author has not a word to say on this point. If England is determined to retaiu tho wholo of tho power, she has no right to grumhlo at tho expense. Until these truths aro looked fairly in ihu face thoro can be 110 substantial progress mado towards a solution of the problem. Lord Lome makes allusions which show that it is not want of perception on bis part which keeps him silent, but rather a fear of offending the susceptibilities of tho English people. lie admits that nothing that can now bo dono will be final. He counsels delay. When wo comparo tho way in which tho Marquis fondly handles this poor shrivelled starveling of a scheme with his treatment of tho more robust proposal for a Federal Parlia ment it is easy to ?eo tliat be is no safe guido to follow. He does not seem to bo uwiu-o that the Privy.Cottncil is absolute, and no longer exists as a power in the State. It is a namo, and little more. Tbo Privy Council was at one timo tbo irresponsible' Cabinet, but it has been superseded by tho modern institution of that name. The Privy Council is for auv lpjrful purpose as dead as tho Star Chamber, "and its bouts should ho left to reposo iu peace. 