A RUN ROUND SPAIN. By M. M. ; No. HI. As regards the drama, the Spanish peoplo may be said to he enthusiastic, nnd tlie scenic accompaniments of their plays aro all creditably constructed Whether it he a coin cidence or not, I am not prepared to say, but although I visited the theatre with my hosts in every town through which I passed, I hardly ever missed representatives of religious orders pnt on the stage to be travestied and laughed at. Now it was ujraile (friar), then a monje. (monk), a monja (nun), or a saccrdotc (priest), bnt in every instance with the same uniform ob ject invicw. Iu this respect a straw may de note how the ecclesiastical wind blows. Tho boxes in many theatres are devoted to family gatherings, which quietly and without the least sign of noise or rudeness, snch as too often disgrace British resorts of the same description, enjoy the play nnd each other's society. Tho intervals between the acts are spent by families in visiting each other in their respcctivcs boxes. Not nnfrequcntly gentlemen in these sections of the house aro known to the actors, and they are freely admitted behind the scenes while the playwright is at work for the next part of the drama. It was my privilege, under such con- ditions, to he admitted for the first ana proba bly the last time of my life behind the scenes. But one looks in vain for green room orgies snch ns are too often bruited in Great Britain, nnd Mr. Burnnuil in his recent paper on the subject lias not spared the temptations to which actresses and actors nliko ore said to be exposed in an English theatre. I can honestly bear witness, however, to tho perfect decorum obsorvablo behind the scenes of the Spanish theatres it has been my lot to inspect. I saw tho ghost that was duo in the next act smoking a peace ful cigar while meditating tho part he was to play, and a lady who was to surmount a tomb stone ns a carved morblo monument was en gaged in testing the safety of the structure. Other almost silent rehearsals were in progress, and the effect of this deshabille was to impress the beholder with the manifestation of genuine modesty in both sexes among tho actors. Although previously familiar wiih life in the Eastern and Western hemispheres before travel ling in Spain, my national pride as a British subject was never before so abruptly humbled as by the polite remark of the mother of a family to whom, with her hnsbnnd and chil dren, I was introduced by my Spanish host in one of tho boxes of the theatre. Este caballero, said the kind Spanish friend at whose house I was part of the time entertained, es <le lmjlaterra. Habla mi amigo Espanol no eon mucha presteza pero lo escribe como a Madrid. " This gentlemen is from England. My friend does not talk Spanish very quickly, bnt he writes it ns they do at Madrid.'' On hearing this unaffected statement I naturally felt highly complimented. But the hauteur which centres around the ctn's Romanus sum was doomed to 11 speedy collapse. Tho lady with faultless politeness replied, but with a sup pressed smile. " Inglaterra es tin pais solamente de gran importancia para industries, pero la niancra de la poblaeion de esa es brutal. El nombrc de Inglaterra es Juan Toro "Eng land is only an important country for industry, bnt its manners arc brutal. The name of England is John Bull." The graceful way in which these words were uttered reminded one of the mode in which an eighteenth century beau of society was once kicked down stairs. The operation was performed so politely as to cou- Tey the impression to the victim of tlie outrage that he was being handed up instead. It must be confessed that the vast hulk of citi zens in Spanish towns, not only the landed classes, bnt tradespeople and workingincn, ore eminently courteous aud obliging. The rougher types of English character arc entirely absent both from urban and rural districts. The typical Hodge is unknown. The Spanish farm laborer would rather die then pnll bis hair over his forehead iu doing obeisance to the squire. Although the country abounds in Hidalgos, Dons, D"cos and other social dignitaries, tlie English squire, who feels outraged if farm laborers aud their families do not bow nnd doff their head gear to hint, has 110 counterpart iu Spain. Tho people as a rule are so polite to each other in the same sphere f life, that they never ilrcnm of keeping a reserve supply of outward respect lor tnosc socially superior to them. The British Phi listine who has emerged from a collar, luckily drifts into wenlth, swallows his h's, expands with vulgar conceit, and claims the right to tyrannise over all in less fort'.tui't" circiunstanccs thau himself, has no fac simile in Spain. Even brigands are not without gen tlemanly characteristics, and if they found it desirable to take your money, and afterwards yonr life, they would relieve yon of both with such a perfection of refinement as to reduce tho inconveuieuco which might he experienced from their operations to the smallest minimum. Drunkenness is quite exceptional. Larrikinism Spanish communities are totally ignorant of. Sometimes a real or supposed wrong is avenged by the stiletto, bui tho weapon is applied with quietness, grace and precision, removing the operator above nil suspicion of rudeness. Every man, whether rich or poor, who enters ft public room, an omnibus, or a traracur in Spaiu lifts his hat both when catering ami leaving, although ho may he an utter stronger to every one pre sent. There is no boisterous speech or coarse de- monstrativcriess. If a prince addresses a beggar he calls him Listed, " Your Worship." If uu employer of labor writes to bis apprentice lie concludes his letter with the v.ords Quedo suyo aj'ectisimo sereidor y ( Q.B.S.M '.) Que Jieso Sits Manos. " I remain yonr most affectionate servant who kisses yonr hand." If only a com mon business letter is addressed to a lady it opens with the salutation Muy Scnoru mia y de. mi aprecio, which is equivalent to "My dear lady whom I appreciate," aud to tho ordinary closing formality. Suyo affeclisimo sereidor. lie adds (Q. B.S.I',), <£ue TSeso sus Pies, ' I kiss your feet." A realistic German commercial traveller who arrived iu Barcelona, a short time before iny visit, was introduced by one of his own countrymen to u hardware mer chant in the city, aud with his accustomed urbanity towurils strangers the Spaniard greeted him with the following salutation : — -1/c agra- dezeo macho, Senor, ver d V, esta su casa es d sti ci.ieradisposieion, "lam greatly delighted to sec you, sir, and this yonr bouse is entirely at your disposal." The German attached to the phraseology a bovine literality of which he must, afterwards have been ashamed. He chose to understand the owner of the Almaecn de ipiinrallaria as presenting him with a cordial invitation to help himself to whatever article may strike his fancy in the shop ! Accordingly he bowed, and at once appropriated a penknife, which, however. El Senor soon informed him could only 1>C had by paying for it. Bightly ot wrongly, a gallant Spaniard, who enjoys a fair share of Arnoldian "Sweetness and Light," looks npou British attempts at a refined anil conrtcons bearing out side the old aristocratic' and well-bred, cultivated society of the middle classes as intolerably rawboned and brusque, He thinks refinement on the average Briton sits ungracefully. It is quite probable, however, that if he were to pay a visit to Australia, and mingle in the society of our accomplished legislators, magistrates, awyers and wealthy owners of cattle runs and otlier valuable properties, whose passion for aisthetieism and Jlnesse may possibly he over done, his estimate of British delicacy of mind and thoughtful consideration for tho feelings and interests of others might nndergo a change for the better. I fear it would greatly shock our excellent but rigid Sabbatorinn friends to see how little distinction is made by many shopkeepers between Snnday and other days in Spain. Not only in Barcelona, bnt in tnany other towns visited by me in the Peninsula, not a few al- macenes were iu full swing, the employts being busily and, as far as 1 cohld judge cheerfully occupied up to about two o'clock p.m. The Sabbatic custom I have observed in France, Belgium and Germnnv is that of abstinence from labor, and, iu many cases, from pleasure until noon. But in Spain business is actively carried on until the time mentioned, and then the respite, instead of being spent in church exercises, is usnally devoted to visiting nnd theatre going anil other forms of recreation; but whether the choice lies iu the one direction or in the other tho faintest approach to rowdyism is conspicuons by its absence. The theatres on Sunday evening arc crowded, anil the churches, with rare exceptions, are comparatively empty. It shows what feeling the masses bear to the priests thut after Isabella's withdrawal from tho throne, and oven during tho reign of Don Amadeo, tlioy could only protect themselves' from violence by cultivating a beard and wear ing civilian attire for tho purpose of disguising their official personality. Public sentiment was somewhat less hitter against them in somo of the other towns in my route ; hut as thoy were always on tho watch for polite salutations from their votaries, who were ex pected to touch the hat to them, I liavo occa sionally seen frolicsome young men take ad vantage of sacerdotal wishes and hopes iu this respect, and deliberately rniso their hands to their heads to encourage an approaching priest to look for recognition, and linving succeeded by their actions in inducing the priest to touch his hat, while failing after all to toncu theirs, they might he heard indulging in 11 chuckle over the disappointment and insult they hail caused him. Indeed this was almost the only manifestation of rudeness I ever witnessed in Spain. Sunday excursions are common to the fine abbey nun of Bipoll and to San Culget del Vallis, near Sardanola. A brief railway jour ney conveys passengers from the end of La. Bambla to Sarria, a village standing at the base of the hills, and surrounded by Brohdignagian pepper trees. Beautiful slopes, profusely studded with villa residences, owned by rich merchants and manufacturers or Barcelona, are reached by a shady lane arched by gigantic aloes, and in the vicinity is to be seen the shut tered monastery of Pedralles, which is greatly admired by lovers of ecclesiastical architecture. Bnt my own steps, in company with a foreign consul and his family, were directed one Sunday during my stay to tho lovely mountainous spot called Olcsa. After enjoying ourselves near a conventual establishment there until dnsk, we all proceeded to tho railway train, which was waiting to carry us homewards. We had not been long in the carriages when twenty-five brigands, equipped as Carlists, made a raid upon the train, passed through tho carriages, and at the point of tho bayonet demanded onr money or our lives. Fortunately I had left most of my valuables, includiug watch and chain, at my hotel, and I took the precaution to carry only a trifle of loose cash in my purse. But what money I possessed had to he surren dered. The foreign consul and his wife were compelled to part with their gold watches nnd chains ; and property belonging to tho rest of the passengers was demanded in tho same manner. It was not an agreeable ending to the day's pleasure ; hut I believe that brigaudage has been very materially dimi nished of late years under tho rule of Don Alfonso. Let us hope that it may soon dis appear for ever. With reference to politics the great hulk of master manufacturers, tradespeople and mer chants in Spain arc nothingarians ; being chiefly on the side of the Government that succeeds in securing for them the longest period of internal peace. Thus far King Alfonso apparently has the support for tho present of theso classes, iu com mon with landed and other extensive propertied circles. But Barcelona, Cartagena and the Basque provinces remain as ever, hotbeds of extreme republican anil socialistic theories ; anil their smouldering fires aro every ready to break forth on tlie smallest provocation. The great hulk of the community, if secretly in terrogated, do not care two si raws whether Canovns, Castelar, or Zorilla is in power, so long as the taxes imposed are not felt to bo oppressive, and internal quiet is assured t fov they inwardly regard all political parties alike, as packs of hungry ollico seekers, supremely bent npon appropriating spoils. From lhc highest functionaries in the various Customs departments down to the lowest gmrleof tide- waiter I greatly fear they cannot ns a rule be exempt from the suspicion of being amen able to " palm oil." Cases have nut. wanting at certain ports, where, on the arrival of heavy packages, consigned to certain local firms Custom House officials have had the effoutery to go to tlie importers and mako a secret offer 011 their own behalf to pass their goods, contrary to law. at a reduced rate of turiff. To facilitate the passage of their imports through the Customs, not. a few large business houses bargain with these cormorants for a liberal douceur, without arranging which it would be impossible for them to have their goods landed without interminable trouble and serious expense. Tho Spanish tariff is excep tionally complicated, and as weight in kilo grammes has to he minutely calculated on each package, and the slightest discrepancy or error bei v. ceu the weight as contained in the written Customs declaration and as checked by (lie Custom House officers is subject to. tines, which are equally divided between tho officials and the Government, the temptations offered to chicanery on the part, of tho former will he seen to he enormous. This system, so prolific of vexation to merchants and trades men, is devised for tlie express purpose of supplying a motive to keen oversight by tho officials and of assisting in eking out the starva tion allowance meted out to them. Largo quanti- ties of tobacco are often seized 011 the slightest pretext anil sold foe the benefit of these ill-pr.id and designing lrirelings. Is it any wonder that countries whoso fiscal policy is administered iu this fashion cannot pay their public creditors ? Snch, unquestionably, is the nnhappy condition of Spaiu as truly as of Turkey, Peru, Honduras. Venezuela, Guatemala, Costa Rica and Mexico. After the experience of Spanish mercantile law which British friends of my own have experi enced iu Barcelona, be would be a bold man who was prepared to vimlicato 1I10 judicial bench of Spain against the possibility of ob structing the course of justice by the acceptance of bribes. There is a rade consistency observable in the attitude of the working classes towards labor saving machinery, although capital ultimately succeeds iu triumphing overlabor in their tem porary conflicts. Scarcely has n single device been introduced to abridge manual exertion. nud consequently to reduce the wages of the Spanish artisan, that lias not suffered violent opposition. A firm known to me in Barcelona attempted to introduce a patented method of manufacturing casks by machinery, and flic plant soon became a prey to trades union iconoclasm. Similar occurrences have come under my notice at Tarragona, Almeria, Ma laga and Jeres. The work people of no nation 011 earth are more sternly jealous of their alleged rights than Spauiards. What will be the upshot .of tho hidden, hut active, social and political forces at present simmering in the pe- ninsula it is difficult to predict. Bnt of one thing I am certain — latent germs of revolution still exist, awaiting only the fitting occasion that is to call them forth. If Spain did not abound in wealth ; if the rank anil file of the population were not as a whole removed infinitely farther from the risk of want than the masses in England and France, the red cap of nltra republicanism would unquestionably bo elevated to-morrow. But tho efficient preven tive of insurrection is an adequate supply of all that makes for social contentment. So simple and easy-hearted are the habits of the people, so superabundant and low priced are articles of diet, clothing anil means of shelter, and so gonial, for the most part, is the climate, that the means of living need cost poor families of moderate thrift no anxiety. As an intelli gent native merchant by whom I was enter tained strikingly remarked ; — " Our curse is the richness of ont country. AU rich countries have had Government s, and nil those lessavored in soil and located in cold climates have good Governments. Our people can nil live with hardly any labor. But if any considerable num ber of us wero constantly hovering, asis the case with the poor of Northern Europe, on the brink of starration. we shonkl soon combino and sot onr corrupt Government in every department promptly to rights." 1 cannot, donbt that inv Spanish friend here touched the root of tho evil. May not this suggest a rock ahead in tlie future of Australia ? It lias very much in tho Southern Hemisphere the latitude aud climate of Spain in tho Northern Hemisphere. No lack of public vigilanco upon Government administra tion is likelv to bo chargeable npon the first, and perhaps not upon the second generation of Australian colonists. But having so much in tho features just mentioned in common with the countries of South Europe, which ono by ono have experienced ilecndonco in moral stamina, intellectual vigor and enferpriso under the soporific influence of a voluptuous life, it behoves those especially to whose hands aro committed tho instruction of onr yonth to sound a timely note of warning. 