TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. By Asmodecs. Although postponements are not msually in dicative o£ success, tho longldelnyed meeting held nt Moouee Valley last Saturday proved accept able in every particular, the attendance, not withstanding tho uninviting aspeot of. tlio weather during the forenoon, being one of tho largest over known to patronise tho suburban rondozvous. while the sport was of a descrip- tion which impartod ail round satisfaction. Tho heavy rains of the preceding' week gavo rise to fears respecting' the safety of tho going, but tho opening rnco removed all doubt on this score, nnd tho programme of events was got through without hitch or accident of any kind. Tho Hurdio Iiaco afforded an interesting pre- Iudo. Tho withdrawal of Guardlish and Castle- ton Ictt Vulcan iu possession of undeniable claims for victory, and liis prospects were so highly estimated by both tho stable and public that he eventually left tlio paddock tho pet of ' the punting r/iynosa'iifi, who feared most danger, if any wero in store, from Frido of Oaklands. Tho favorite was always promi nent, and, leaving his field a quarter of a miio from home, ho defeated Frido of Oaklands with iota to spare, 1 hough the five lengths gap would possibly Jmvo been reduced had not the Tas- mnuian bred gelding rapped the last flight of hurdles eomowiiat severely. The June Handi cap appeared such a fair thing for Stafford on the strength of his successful display at Wyml- ham that it was not surprising to see him touch oven money j but, good , horse though he ran, under the weight, he failed to concedo the liberal, allowance of 23 lb. to Lando, wbo was very leniently dealt by, considering tho meritori ous manner in which he has recently been per forming in country districts. Assisted by his light impost, Lando was enabled to score a clover victory, to the delight of those who fielded against Stafford. Ringmaster was a prominent feature, not in the nctual-conte6t, but in the preliminaries which led thereto. lie was tho first horso mentioned, nnd by some extra ordinary process ho becamo temporarily promoted to tho favoritship, people as sharp as razors at one time accepting 5 to 2 about him. Others, whose power of observation is seldom at fault, and who are by virtne of extended experience well versed in tho art of Jinctnc, doubted the stability of his position, and, instead of 5 to 2 being asked for when the horses were at the post, 100 to 1 was freely offered without drawing forth any rosponso. Tho incidont was e peculiar one, and carries its own significance. By fighting out tho issuo iu the steeplechase, as I anticipated, Sir Samuel and Midnight proved Iho correctness of tho Vyndhamfal, and tho first named has so far proVed a remunerative purchase for Mr. J. Hammil at £25. What with suffering from enrby hooks and the effect of blistering, Sir 'Samuel 'prcsontcd a somewhat emaciated appcaranco when he passed into tho possession of his present owner, who has been well rewarded for his patience nnd pcrseveranco in bringing the son of Hughendcn to tho post. How that Sir .Samuel has got into form we may oxpcct to see him perform still greater things. Patchwork was immensely fancied by the followers of Cripps's stable, who had freely coupled him in tho doubles with Vulcan, but tho chesnut collapsed when the pinch came, and is at present deficient in staying ability. Ho is, however, comparatively green at tho jumping business, and susceptible of considerable improvement under tho careful tuition of tho Cripps brothers, than whom nono aro moro persevering and deserving of success. Chester's behavior was so conspicuous that the stewards deemed it their duty to call upon Mr. A. G. Webb, tho owner, and Winters, tho jockey, for an explana tion of the horse's running. The former said that his orders wore to ride a " waiting race," for Winters to win if ho could. There was no doubt in anybody's mind but that tlio " waiting" part of the mandate was carried out to the letter, but the stewards were not simi larly satisfied with what Bhould have been the most important endeavor of Chester's mission, otherwise they would not have instituted in quiry, and contented themselves by administering a caution only on this occasion. Gold Top was voted such a good thing for tho Selling F.ace that those who had supported him at oven money were scarcely prepared for the runaway victory of Brella, who subsequently changed hands at 70 sovs., Mr. E. Weeks being tho pur chaser. Brella, who is a daughter of Argus Scandal, is a beautifully made fitly, aad should realise her vnluo in the Indinn market, whenco sho is destined. Pyrctto has frequently proved her partiality for the Mooneo Valley course, but not even her most ardent admirers deemed her capable of carrying 9 st. 5 lb. to victory in the heavy going which prevailed on Saturday. The performance was as meritorious as it was un expected, and afforded an agreeable filiate to an excellent afternoon's sport. The Bracelet Meeting, like all other periodi cal gatherings celebrated under the flourishing auspices of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club, is rapidly gaining importance, and tho annual rfimioit to ho held this afternoon -promises admirably to maintain tho enjoyable character of tho proceedings usually associated with the popular heath. Tho favorablo countenance of the controller of the elements will bo tho main consideration In estimating tho measure of suc cess forthcoming this afternoon, u'J other con-' ditions being satisfactory Mr. E. T. Barnard appears to havo exercised duo precaution in framing tho handicaps, and, judging by tho' lictle use made of tho scratching pen in con nection with the two flat races, owners are un usually pleased with their respective allotments, and tho fields promiso to be large in con- soquence. A glance at tho bill of faro conveys the idea that each of tho events contained thereiu.wili take a deal of "picking. First and foremost i9 the Hurdio Baoe, several eligible candidates for which will probably 'ho adverse to revealing tho full strength of thoir hands, seeing that tho higher honors of the V.R.C. Grand National Meeting aro looming in tho - distanco. - Guard- fisb, wbo is said to bo a tip topper at the bnsiness, has yet to mako his dMt in tho metropolitan arena, and it is perhaps doubtful whether bo will risk his reputation with the maximum weight of 11 st. 2 lb. Ono of tho best treated animals in tho handicap i3 tlio Tasmanian representative, CaBtleton, who has the lenient impost of 9 st. 3 lb. ; provided he comes to the post all right, lam inclined to fancy his chance, whilst Minerva, 10 st. 10 lb., Tattler, 10 Bt. 7 lb. and Uhatswoilh, 10 st. 7 lb., also read dangerous. Tho foregoing is tho division I expect to' see unoarth the winner, and to narrow down my selection I shall bo prepared to rcceivo tho triumph of either of tho two Tasmanian bred candidates, Minerva or Castlcton, whichever is tho most genuinely supported at tho timo peoplo aro anxiously awaiting tho fall of Mr. Watson's flag. I shall look to tho constant Blackthorn to ap propriate tho Victoria Gold Cup, Chieftain being hi3 most dangerous opponent. Tho Ladies' Trophy promises to bo a difficult problem to solve. To mako a rough survey, tho animals which appear to bo best treated aro Stafford, 8st. 101b., Tho Ghost, 8st. 81b. (last year's winnor), Pailloroo, 7 st, S lb. a Uncas, 7 st. 41b., Honors, 6st. 131b. and Woodbine, Ost. lb. Thcso aro tho half-dozen whioh impress mo ns holding prior chiims, but in order to attempt a singlehandcd shot at the target 1 shall plump for ONCAS. \- Tho Steeplechase should prove 0:1a of the most Interesting displays of the afternoon, and, like tho other items included in tlio programme, tho event wears a very open aspect. Lizctte, if in her best form, should render a good account of herself, and next to her I entertain a partiality for Joe's Indian Queen If. and Native. The concluding event on tho programme, the Richmond Handicap, may go to Bohemian. Tho want of accommodation for tho public at Cauliieid has recently occupied the V.A.T.C. Committee's attention, the result being that a now stand will shortly be erected seating about a thousand people. At the samo timo it is in tended to effect other improvements, amongst which an oxtonsion of the present stand is pro posed, also a much needed improved press room to replace the present inadequate apart ment. Monday next will bo to racing men a day of even greater importance than was tho first day of the month, whereon tho entries for the most important handicaps of the year wero pub lished. On Monday the results of the handi capping calculations which have recently occu pied the attention of Messrs. Barnard and Scan-, will bo placed beforo tho public, as ou that day the weights for tho Melbourne Cup, Metropolitan and Hnwkesbury Handicap will appear, in addition to tlio handicaps for the V.R.C. Grand National and Elstcrnwick Fark meetings. Tho weights for the Caulfiold eup are not duo until the following Monday, the 6th July. Tho weather was not quite all that could be desired for the Bcndigo meeting on Wednesday, but during tbo afternoon a favorable change took place, aad tho meeting passed off pleas antly in the presence of a fair number of spec tators, the metropolitan ring patronising the special train from Spencer-street iu consider able force. Jimmy opened the ball by winning the Selling Race, Jack Asboro and Tait follow ing him home, the winner being sold for £35, all of whioh went to tho club. Huntsman, well ridden by M'Gowan, beat Devizes, Grattnn and 6ix others in tho If urdle Race, for which he started a warm favorite. Sir Samuel followed np his recent successes by defeating three moderates in the Steeplechase, and Sir Charles upset a great favorite in Irralco for tho Tele graph Stakes, tho favorite being second, and Ea6t Lynno third. Mr. Weckes's recent pur chase, Fusilier, came in first for tho Selling Hurdle Race, but on a chargo against his rider of interfering with Mcrri, both horso and jockey were disqualified for twelve months, and the race was awarded to Braccman. The decision was not satisfactory to Fusilier's owner, who entered a protest against the stakes being paid, and announced his intention of bringing the matter under the notice of tho V.R.C. The Handicap Trot was won by Derby, with Frede rick tho Great second nnd the favorite Lieu tenant third. On Thursday the Bendigo stewards declined to take any notice of Mr. Weokes's protest re specting Fusilier's disqualification, but, on tho contrary, have determined to take some action to show that Messrs. Weekes and 3. Davis wero guilty of insulting behavior. General entries were received on Monday for the Elstcrnwick Park meeting, which takes place next Saturday, nnd with the Hurdle Raco and Steeplechase,, which had previously closed with 22 and 28 nominations respectively, an excellent programme has beon completed. The Maiden Selling Trot will certainiy not bo produc tive of much interest as an initiatory event, only 3 having entered ; but tho paucity of competitors in an event of this nature, whioh has very little publio interest, will perhaps not bo unsatisfac tory to the large majority, who prefer to devote all their attention to the "legitimate game." Tho Selling Race, of half a milo, has attracted 22 entries,- including a number of well known flyers. ovor the distanco; the Selling Steeple chase 13, and the July Handicap has the excel lent enti? of. 45, amongst them being Stafford, Bohemian, Gardenia, Honora, The Ghost, Ring- mnter, Prirau'3, Umberto, Hannibal and other recent performers. The weights will be de- clared on Monday next, the 29tk inst. During tbo running for the June Handicap at Mooneo Vhlley on Saturday a similarity be tween the colors of Lando aud Olivette led to a number of speou'itors l oing " put in the hole." When the former assumed tho lead coming along the sido stretch lie.wns mistaken, for Olivette .by several usually ltocn observers, who, however, failed to discern the sash,, and from moro than ono of these was accepted the offer of " a pony Olivette wins" by a seioct few whoso eyesight and knowledge of tho horses were moro perfect, Tho funniest part of tbo business was, at tho finish, to watch the momentary self-satisfied look of the layers on Olivette, whoso judgment was, no doubt, more perfect than their knowledge, for sure enough tlio horse that was leading at tho turn and mistaken by them for Olivette won ; but, alas ! it was Lindo's number which tho acceptors of their wagers were watching with smilc3 beiug hoisted. After running in the Juno Handicap at Mooneo Valley an Saturday, Olivette was sold to Mr. E. Weokes for £10, at which price ho also purchased a chestnut gelding by Columbus. Buyers wero ovidently not in an extravagant humor, ns a sister to The Agent was sold for 27 J guineas. Tho Sporting spirit has ovidently not lost its vitality in tbo Riverinn district, as I learn from a correspondent at Wagga Wagga that it has boon decided to form a raco club at Yerang Creek, and the following committee has boon appointed Messrs. B. E. Willans, O. Cox, A. Westby, J. Cox, E. Fearson, R. B. Wrathnll, IV. Sissor.s, O. II. Croakor, S. Hawkins, J, O'Koofo, W. Lipscombo, J. Kelly, II. King. Edghill, J. King, M. Ryan, R. I). Wood, J. Murray, T. Keighran, J. Snodgrass ami J. Poroival. President, Mr, O. Cox ; vice-presi dent, A. Westby ; judge, John King j starter, R. Cox. Tbo committee want to hold thoir opening meeting after tho Spring Meeting of ttf Murrumbidgco Turf Club. Mr. Daniel White has presented an ambtfJ lance waggon to the Victorian Trotting Olub lot caso of accident at Elsturnwiclc Fork. At the meeting cf this club 10 be held on the 4th prox. it is anticipated that the new electric scratch- ing board patented by Messrs. Gaunt and Hay- don will bo ready for use. Duration, who is nominated for the Grand National Hurdio Race, has recently been, schooled over, the small sticks at Flcmington, and, liko a majority of the Hughendens, he dis plays a natural aptitude for the jumping busi ness. From Dowling Forest I bear that Sea Horso is a rod pickle for the raco in question. Provided ho is superior to the other Grand National candidate, Sheet Anchor, who hails from tho same district, then his prospects must be uncommonly rosy. H. Tibialis has returned from a short visit to Tasmania, nccompaniod by Clarendon and St. Albert, wbo are to be trained for their spring engagements. Mr. T. Ivory has lost Sultana, the old mare haviug died last weok in New South Wales. Sultana, a good performer in her day, was bred by Mr. John Lee in 1861, by Little John (2)— Marchioness by Marquis outof a Steellrapinare, and was twenty years ago raced by Mr. T. Ivory who owned her up to the time of hor death. It was, however, at tho stud that sho gained most prominent distinction and will be best re membered in future years a3 tho dam of Sweetmeat and Sterling. Melodious was at Mooneo Valley on Saturday ready to fulfill her engagements in tho two handicaps, but her owner aftor examiaibg the conrso declined to risk an accident on tho soft going, and ran the pen through her name. During the week Mr. It J. Hcrberte, of Bourke-screet, has exhibited the Hop Bitters trophy, to bo run for in connection with the Steeplechase at Elstcrnwick Park 01 tho 4th July. Composed of solid silver, the vase pre sents a handsome and massive appearance, and is ornamented by designs illustrative of ths turf aud the trade interested in its presenta tion. The retirement from tho turf of Veactia, spokon of in these columns as being probable, has taken place, Mr. DangRr having decided to give tbo daughter of Malta and Victoriue a chance to gain at the stud that distinction: which she once bid fair, but failed to attain on the turf. The Winunera Turf Club have determined tc hold a meeting 011 Tuesday, the 4th August,, and as the agricultural show is. fixed for the . following day Horsham will have quite a gala time. . " " The latest English cablegrams notify the fact that the now English Cabinet will not bo with- out its sporting contingent, Mr. Chaplin and - Lord Harris being probable additions to its strength. Every racing man in Australia . has .. heard of .tha former as tho owner of the , .' ; sensational Derby winner Hermit7 whilst . , amongst the cricketers of - both hemispheres Lord Harris's name is "familiar as a house hold word." The Arab pony brought from India by Mr. E. Weekes has passed into tlio possession of Mr W. Noill, by whom ho will bo utilised for the- purpose of improving the' breed of Australian ponies, as directed by the donor, the Maharajah Pertaub Singh, of Joudporo. \- The Adelaide Trotting Club -iield a mixed . meeting on Saturday, the programme including three trots, two.baudicaps and a steeplechase. J. H. Hill .won both the handicaps with Isoaoniy, and the Steeplechase fell to the fickle cx- Victorian mare Chrysalis, whoso erratic be havior in this colony caused Chifney. no end of anxiety, besides leading to the untimely death of young M'lnnes, a lad of considerable ability and promiso. From Sydney I learn that Mr. T. S. Clibborn, who met with an accident recently through his buggy, colliding with "an omnibus, is rapid ' regaining convalescence." . . . . . ... Tho well known hurdieracer, Spartan,, the. property of tho lato Mi...Albert Salmon, isad- vertised for private sale by Mr. John Munday, - ' . tho well known coursing secretary and auu-' tioneer. ... . .. .' ... .' 7 Professor Sample's, numerous pupils will be -r interested to hoar of his. present' welfare' and:' V; whereabouts. By the recent mail I am 'in formed 'that tho professor was, in conjunction ' with Mr. Sydney Golvayne, of Australia, giving" V ' exhibitions' of their, pou-era in the training o£' horsosat Henglor's eiroiis. ; Prior' .to: ids intro- ; " duotory appearance, lie "received tho' following gratifying: letter:— "Larisdowno House, Dor- ! kely- sqiiarc, 12th -May.— Lord Rosebery rwill . have' pleasure- '-in giving his patronage to Mr.. . Sample's school for tho taming .and training of - . horses. Hp' recollects very -well Mr. trample's oxhibitionis in Melbourno " . . From tlio Tasmanian Jfail I learn that the T.U.C. hod. sec.', Mr. K. IV Wilson, hqa sustamec aoeridus'loss." .The old brood ninro -' Rosebud . dam of First. Light, set to (galloping on her own account one day this .week, and- slippedvtwin' ;. foals to Monarquo". The same .'authority i vj' remarks that one of the '.most, shapely, "if not the very best looking, colt connected 'with tha Wavorley stud n-ns tho baycolt by The Assyrian, ' from Las3 .o' tho Hills. Mr. Agnewhns had tha ' bad luck to lose him.. It seems the little follow got away with his halter on, and after gallop- - iug a short distance trod on the end of the ropo. ' ' Being thrown violently, tho colt was 60 badly ,' injured that ho died tho next day. Apart from ' being a rarely bred ono, and the singlo repre sentative of that particular .strain of blood at tlio harem, tbo colt was nn especial favorite of Mr. W. Claro, tho painstaking Waverloy trainer. About a month since Jennie, dam of Castlcton, and own si9ter to Vision's dam, slipped her foal by The Assyrian, so it must bo said that Mr. Agnow has now experienced a full share of thG . losses attendant upon stud masters as a rale. Mr! Agnow lias determined to send '3-noraI Jackson, a son of Casilo Hill and Miss Jacksonr across to Victoria to be trained for tho jumping . business. If liocan.be made to shape liko liU half brotkor, Wavorley, lie ought to repay hla owner for the expense Incurrrod. - The mooting held by tho Hvorpool Jookejj Club (N.S.W.) on Saturday resulted iu n capital (lay's sport, which was enjoyed by a goodly number of spectator's, including it numerous contingent from Sydney. Freedom, Polestai hndUnn filled the places in the Jnno Handicap, the first named winning a good race by n neck ; the Public Auction Stake fell to Miss Living- Stone, with Uproarious second and Storm third ; folestar carried off tire Winter Handicap, beat ing His Worship, Fuse and six others easily. Iho Selling Race was won by Princess of Lome, and iu the Ladies' Bracelet Junius was first, Iona second and Prcsta third. The London fyorlsman remarks that the betting question has nearly produced a revolu tion at Brussels. List hetting has been de clared for tiro tinro being illegal, but the journals are unanimous iu asserting that the prohibition issued by the authorities has not prevented ready money belting fronr being carried on surreptitiously, to tho utter con fusion of honest transactions. At Brussels, JI. Abrassard do Bulloy, a member of the Jockey Clubhand one of the stewards, was tapped on tho shoulder and reminded that betting was Illegal when he was noting down. the names of the jockeys on his programme. Two gendarmes, carbine in hand, followed M. Bourgttignon, tho Belgian peneiller, who had worr tho day in his case - before tho tribunal of Molenbcck Saint Jeanc, and been acquitted of the charge brought against him under tho Gambling Act. The racecourse was invaded, and the scenes which took . place have rather diminished than in creased the prestigo of the authorities. Tho police hnvo been hissed and annoyed, but what is even worse, the prosperity of sport and -the development of breeding have been seriously, menaced by the steps taken spontaneously by the Belgian police. St. Gatien, Mr. J. nammond's undefeated divider of last year's Epsom Derby, has opened hiB 4-year old career auspiciously by , winning the Ascot Gold Cup, value 1000 soys. Each victory of tho phenomenal son of the lately butchered Rover— for thero is little doubt that the Blair Athol horse had stronger claims than Rollierhill to St. Gatien's uuproven paternity — brings ngninjo mind the other unbeaten saint, St. Simon, and here, as in England, the news of their meeting would cause no less'excitement nnd interest than did tho famous matcliin 1851',"; when Flying Dutchman beatVoltigeur at York. St. Gatien's other engagements for this season were tho Epsom Cup and the Alexandra Plate, be having paid forfeit for the Lincolnshire Handicap, for which he was awarded 9 st. 9 lb., and the City and Suburban, 9 St. 12 1b. St. Simon is engaged in the Great Challengo Stakes ' (Newmarket), Rous Memorial Stakes (Ascot), the ' Hardtvicke Stakes (Ascot) and the Stoetbridgo Cup." Thero is, therefore, no chance of theso two eqiiino celebrities meeting during their 4-ycar-old career, except in a private match," the probab ility of which is remote, such a match having been talked of since last eoasom'witkout com ing to anything. They are, however, both en gaged in the Eclipse Stakes, which (if itcomes eft at all) is to take place at Sandown Park, in. the summer of 1886, and in tho Champion Stakes at the Newmarket Second October meet ing, 1886, and it will be probably in one of these two events that tho battle of the Saints will eventually bo fought, if indeed they are ever destined to meet at alL F. Archer was successful in four out of tile five races in which he rode at tho opening day of tho Chester meeting, the horse he steered being in each instance an "odds-on" chance. His record for tho season up to that period showed 41 wins to 108 mounts. According to latest advices the Prince of TVnles was to have entertained the members of tho Jockey Club at dinner at -Marlborough House on tho evening on tho Derby day. From thesamo Eource I lcam that this year the Rothschilds did not dispense their usual hospitality at Epsom on the Derby day, nor did Mr. Leopold Rothschild run any horses on that day, in consequence of its being the anniver sary of tho death of Baron Lionel Rothschild, who raced as " Mr. Acton," and won tho Deploy of 1879, with Sir Bevys, only d few days before bis death. : C. "Wood, Archer's only rival, was reported by Major Dixon for disobedience at the post for the Prince of "Wales's Welter, at tho Chester meeting, and was severely reprimanded by the stewards. > An English exchange mentions an ingenious, and at the same time simple, device- of Lord Drogbeda, that might easily bo adopted at Flemiugtou and elsewhere. We all know how anxious— particularly in a close finish— wo are to know what it was won by, and how difficult it is sometimes to find out. By tho side of tho telegraph hoard at Funchestown a small ono is erected with tho numbers one, two, three in red figures. At tho end of each race the distance is signalled against tho figures— a capital idea, and ono so simple that you immediately wonder why it has not been adopted before. Althorp, tho winner of the Ascot Stakes, is a bay colt three years old by Tibthorpc— Bide-a- Wee, whose only victory as a 2-year-old was in the Selling Plato at tho Newmarket Second Spring Meeting. This season, however, ho Marled well by winning tho Great Metropolitan Stakes (handicap) at Epsom, carrying 5 St. 7 . lb., and was afterwards sold privately to Baron ale Hirech. 