PIONEER PRELATES AND 'PRIESTS. OF AUSTRALIA. ; ...' His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide, S. A., was the preacher at the solemn commemoration of our departed prelates, which formed the chief feature of the fourth public session of/the Plenary Council. llis Lordship preached from the text, 'And I heard a voice from Heaven saying to. me, 'Write Blessed are the dead who die in the Xord ; from . henceforth.' now, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours, for their works follow tliciu.'', Apoo.', xiv. 13. Addressing the Cardinal1 and tluv ..assembled' Council, the- righb rev. pre;.i.ch'er-said :— We would indeed be forget ful of the blessed corn in union of saints and of that charity, which, flowing-' from its Divine .Head, | binds, so .closely '? together the mystical body of | Christ, His Holy Church, if wo did not '. 'remember' | at this time, before the Altar of God, our Fathers I and ? Brethren Ayho. ' have gone before us with the I sign of faith, ' of those Prelates -.who -in. their 1 lives were witness for God ! Avho. combated sin,. I who, by their deeds as well as f by their preaching,. I laboured and established the Church of Christ ia I these distant miles. Being the inheritors off 1 their, office and of the fruir, of their works, in re- 1 calling their ; virtues and holy deaths, we have |i lessons of wisdom for our guidance, and motives || to increased fidelity in the discharge of our imfAea. 11 A' special blessing of the' Holy Spirit seems to I have rested on Australasia, as we recall the 1 saintly lives and heroic sacrifices of those b venerable men who were its first bishops,, if and of those who interested themselves in. \ the founding of the' faith in this fifth-part, \ of the globe. The act of that pious navi-- \ gator. , Fernando de Quiros, who; true to the' I Catholic instinets of his nation in dedicating our: | fair Austral land to the Holy Ghost, sighting its: | shores on the feast of Pentecost called it ' ElL | tierra del lo Spiri bo Santo,' has not been without; | abundant recompense and fruit, as the way im 1 which the 'grain of mustard seed ' was nurtira-j-il [I until it grew tip into a large tree, and presents tio- I f day a spectacle to angels and to men. Amidsi.-the t consolation- derived from the thought ol the | special f avoxir granted to the beginning and ex- I tension of our Church, we also receive the salutary I lesson that death comes at length to all. The \ long' death-roll of pur prelates in the past 50 years ; \ is suggestive indeed of sorrows and conflicts ; but . ; , the words of , St. John amply console for any sad-- 1 ness that may arise from such a list-r' Blessed! 1 are the dead who die in the Lord'- — 'they rest'; | : from their labours- — their/ works follow them.' From the first synod, held in. old St. M'ary's, im September, 18M-, we have to mourn over the loss ofc the following prelates r-^Jolin Becle Pol ding andi Roger Bede Vaughan,- Archbishops'' of this , See off Sydney ^;ChariGS.Henvy, Davis, first tltulaji Bishop, of 'Maitland j Francis Murphy, &t;&£ Bishop of Adelaide ;. Patrick' Bonaventure Qerj. gliijgan , ; second Bishop .of Adel aide ? ' . Ro- jer ^ William Willson, first Bishop of ' Hobav'^yn - Laurence B.'Sheel,\ third Bishop of i\ieiaide ? ?Jaime's Quirin,, first '-Bishop of ;-'Brisbr(/ne ? John Brady, first' Bishop - of Perth ; |: ' jptai baptist Pom- . pallier, first Bishop of .Auckliuwlv Phillip Viard first Bishpp of Wellington| p'oyv firsfc Bishouof ' the Navigator Isles , ^ u6l/ steines, ^ ; third . Bishop pf Auckland s , ^- chael O'Connor, first Bishop of -Baltoatj Ma,V;jXlew Qainnj first Bishop ? : otBatkurst.; .ta wfofcb .£ must'also add, Bishops ? Dpnavro.and.Roc^^ of Qceanica, together ? with the wavtv^d ^^ ,Epdlle: Tcdo fustice ! to ::the . wow&i; of these venerable prelates is not witUm Che ,pOwer of man irL a Bingle- funeral ^SQOlF^jy Most .of their deeds .belong, to the ?f$? V^f ... Je historian, or ? the biographer j yet on. ?t^VM*6jw.'.8ion -we; may reflect on the acts of some ^i^': '-?iJI 'which have not been touched on by otbe^s. With the life and labours of ' Archbishops ;* Riding, the Venerable Bede of the Australian Church, you. brethren of the:laity are familiar. To his labours Vin the pulpit and the confessional, and above , all, ? to , his spirit of prayer, you are indebted for the many blessings you enjoy. .When he landed, in 1S35, the prospect of the mission was, sad indeed; . The want of churches, convents, and schbpls,-, the few priests for so extensive, sv diooijse, the , hostility to , our holy religion:,. th& 'oalls on every side for spiritual help, have beem .death to others j bttthis confidence in God' made' : him. rise ; above allj: and rendered him equal to every; emergency. At the-; outset .of his episco pate, visits were made, to. Norfolk1 Island j to , the Catholic settlers at the Bay of Islands, lNew Zea land, when :the voyage had to be made under circumstances- and hardships that would . terrify tis nowadays. ? Myi first acquaintance with -him was as;far;back as. 184/?;. As a child1 1 was struck by him, iiot for; his courtly manners, nor his dignified recollection at the altar, but for his con stant spirit- of prayer, the remembrance of which . made , an indelible .impression.; -upon me. : .His ? patient.; i-esignatioUj under the vituperation iand . slander heaped upoax what was dearer to him than ? life, during the excitement, consequent -.upon the ; act ; of a maniac, won ', even, Jrom his' enemies : rospect-7-yes, even admiration. ,,- Who can forget ? his heroic resignation . when the disastrous , fire ?'?? left old St. 'Mary's a ruin ?? iHe grew indeed ' in favour with God and men,', and. his 'memory is in benediction. ; . | Q£ his brilliant and accomplished successor I have but little to say, for not only tho memory of. his many qualities of heart and' head is still fresh amongst yon, but one more ? able for the office of his panegyrist, in theicourse of the pnst. weeki has forestalled me in, all that I would fsAn .have said of him. ??.?,.; , :.;.,:;.* His, Lordship \tlien proceeded to sketch with graei- and tenderness the lives '--and! labours: of ; all the other prelates whose names are written on ' th» death roll of honour and sanctity. Referring specially to Francis Murphy, the first Bisbop of Adelaide, he said : The Venerable Archbishop Polding had such an. opinion of his piety and zeal as well as his great administrative ability that he nominated hinv Vicar-General in succession to Dr. Ullathdrne, who: was recalled by the general of his order to the mission of Coventry, in England. The traditions of this city still keep alive the memory of his zeal and labours. The church, of St. Patrick, with ?its many holy associations, is a standing monument ( of his zeal. The fact that he was the. first bishop consecrated in this Southern continent will ever ? '?- form a distinct page in its history. His episcopate was an arduous one ; his congregation was stvug Vgting. He had no help from the State — no church, no school, no homo, but two priests. A.n old cottage that was used as apu'ilie-house became his episcopal residence. An old store was hired ami fitted up as his cathedral, an .- I here he commenced ; his self-denying labours as Bishop of Adelaide. ' Of Charles Henry Davis, first Bishop of Tvl'aitland and Coadjutor- Bishop of Sydney, the amiable and accomplished scholar, it is not necessary for me to 'say much, for his name is lovingly revered here in Sydney. It is well , however, to remember that ; it is' to the literary taste and judgment of this 'distinguish fid man' tiv.it the public University of' ; Sydney owes its magnificent library. It was by -.Bishop Davis's labours that this library, the noblest in these southern' lands, was first formed. What shall I say of Bishop Quinn, of Brisbane, during whose lifetime the cup of affliction never .; seemed to pass from his lips. -He 'was misunder stood by those he loved most, and it was not .'indeed till death summoned him awa,y that the virtues, the sacrifices, and the charibies of that singularly good and beautiful life were fully ? revealed to the 'world. Who can. speak of- tire late 'venerable bishop of . Bathnrst, his brother, Dr. Matthew Quinn, without feeling deeply .the, loss and the pain of his death P We miss his genial form in this assembly, but w!e ?'know that he is present here in spirit, for ; in life his most ardent wish was; to assist at a ? Plenary Council of the Bishops of the Australian '?? Church. While his hallowed ashes are scarcely cold it is not needed to speak his virtues, and I know, moreover, that his name and services will never be forgotten by the people of the colony. And now- 1 have to confess that I feel it incumbent upon me to diverge somewhat from the lines laid down for iny discourse to-day. There are other confessors and missionaries whom it would be ungrateful to pass over on an occasion so solemn sin A sn sn.f-.rWl . The Holv Ghost would seem to have bestowed a special blessing on this land. In the ways of God nothing is strange or wonderful, but humanly considered, is it not marvellous that the troubles and misfortunes of Ireland should have been the means selected by God for extend ing the blessings of religion to Australia, and of setting up the now-flourishing Church in this continent ? In those dark and miserable days three poor priests were exiled from their native land to Australia, and it was these three priests, Father Harold, Father O'Neill, and Father Dixon, who amidst suffering and humiliation laid the first seeds of the faith in this country. Their names should be remembered in prayer, and the name of Archpriest Jeremiah O'Flinn, the first Catholic missionary who set foot on these shores, — the gentle, loving, and courageous con fessor — should :' ever be remembered. I feel there are some of the Old ones amongst you who have received confirmation or the other sacraments of the Church at his hands. He had not obtained legal authority to come out here, al though he was a British subject, consequently he was commanded to return. He heeded not the warning, but took to the bush, and there, by stealth, met his flock. Difficulties pressed upon him, and he promised to give himself up if he was allowed to meet his flock once more. That meet ing took place in the upper chamber of the house of William Davis, situated on the site where. St. Patrick's Church now stands. You are well ac quainted with what he did at that last meeting. It would be too much for me to relate the scene. There the first guard of honour was estab-. lished for the Blessed Sacrament in the taber nacle. William Dempsey was the life and soul of that guard, which he mainly instituted. Father Therry and Father Connolly, who struggled so hard for the faith at that early and melancholy period, have also special claims on our grateful and holy remembrance. The seeds of our faith in this land were sown it is true in tears, and even in blood, but the golden harvest has been reaped in joy. There were men who suffered with the spirit of martyrs for the faith in those days, and the sad past only serves to show in all its fulness and significance the joy and peace under happily altered circum stances we all now enjoy. What a change. Sixty years ago only some three or four priests, and now a Plenary Council presided over by a ' Prince of the Church . It is not in any spirit of bitterness that I refer to the sufferings and trials of the past, but only by contrast to show the happy change wrought by enlightenment, by justice, and by Christian charity. With a Plenary Council composed of sixteen prelates, presided over by the Supreme Pontiff's last pledge of love in the person of the Cardinal ' Archbishop, assembled here where the -first mis sionaries lauded little more than half a century acjo, surely we have occasion to express our joy and thankfulness ? Surely our sheaves are filled with golden gleanings. And is it not fitting .that we should pray to God for. those, the fruits; of. whose labours we are now enjoying in plenitude ? ' Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord ; they niky rest from their labours, for their works follow them.' ' ? 