Liglitwares. BX A PliDLAR. Tb&t; every line which written here may be Go to it« mark straight and unerring-lf ; That every laugh be clean and fairly bqught; That condemnation never go unsoattht ; Thai cut or t trust or tend approving cheer — Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear. lous,' Mr. D alley tells us, is a great aid to statesman ship, which,. doubtless, is true enough. A rapid per ception of the ridiculous will generally prevent a man from surrendering himself to the scoffers ; but there is always a difficulty in telling where the perception of the ridiculous ends and ths fear of ridicule begins. Getting over the difficulty, you get up two or three rnoro steps on the statesman's ladder — get up to a rung, in fact, from which you might look down upon Mr. Dalley, or nt least upon Mr. Dalley at Mart land. Attempt at ridicule and fear at ridicule made tip his speech, which, served with strong Ger man *auce, was a dttfcity dish, a very dainty dish in deed, whether intended to be eet before the king or not — who can say ? The brave, true, noble, faithful, honest, laborious, humble Germans, they bought each one a copy of the speech and read it. Ialsa read it, an1, obedient to a common impulse, talked about it— talked chiefly about its matter, which was Germany and Germans in Australia — talked with a wise man about the possibilities of a quarrel with the Germans if the fiery Scots who led the van in the sister colony should ever accomplish that task familiarly described «w cutting the painter. I said, having a fair respect for Der Bitmarck,' It would not be sale ; 1 seem to see a possibilitv of the Nelson leaving with the Governor and the two commodores, an 4 ali the Ministers in their train, of Australia being left very much to Australia, and of Der Bismarck taking up the 'preposterous idea that Queensland, or Western Australia, or the Northern Territory, would be a far better field for colonisation than New Guinea. And ' then I cannot exactly see how we could refuse any request that might be made.' My friend said : 11 No. I don't see how you could, particularly when you remember that if Bismarck knocked at the door of Queensland there are about 4000 trained German go!-di?rs within -who -would straightway answer. Bismarck, however, is not coming just yet. Let us change the topic ; it is gruesome and strife-breeding witb.nl We will go to Captain Wagstaff, of the good sWp L» Hogue, and we will look at him, if you will, not amid the howling of the tempest, but engaged in a very pleasant and kindly work of liberating English songbirds at Mauly . Chaffinches, linnets, ytllowhararuers and other dainty little twitterers of the English hedgerows amongst the gloom and horror «f the Ana* tralian bush ' One must need* pity those poor birds ; laughed at by the huge jackasses as the sun goe» down; scared by the moopoo, flitting and calling like a ghost about 'them through the night. 'Poor bates in rti«» wnnrfi hnnr txriM tiortiirriBfljHUiii krrnrct Only one thing is in their favour— they are decently mated, and theie is a fair community of them. I remember another instance ia another colony, when a gallant captain put a t-tlerable aviiry onboard at London, but landed only two, poor Jenny Wren and Cock Robin. What 'should* he do with them? ' Turn them out in the bush,' said the local scribe, learned rather in nursery lore than embryology. ' Tarn them out, and doubtless they will make up all their old quarrels and bring up a family nicely to gether.'* One last glance at the Commodore and all that remains of the Commodore's gallant staff is promised to the ladies of the city, and by aldermanic grace. The Commodore will be banqueted in the vestibule of the Town Hail, and from the galleries ladies will be permitted to view the so.-ne. It is not the most romantic way of taking a farewell glance at a hero. The steam of dinner and the rattle of dinner tools are not quite 6o appropriate as the drifting smoke and thunder of the big gone. I* fact to the female mind it is a Biilv thing the banquet. ' A sound of revelry by night '' would have been well enough ; but the capital should have gathered threat ' its beauty and its chivalry.' Gone to fight, perchance to die! that might be endurable; but, gone toiine— We must reach backward for a little vein «f grace ful courtesy if but to make compensation for w prosaic an incident, as did a good friend recently, with in ten$t I fcar^ to establish Ids own reputation. It was in the garden of -'a house whose propja*tor tad endeavoured to actliiDftii«e the beautiful Darling pea, and the lady of the house, young,. beautiful,. and- en chanting, said, ' We can. never quite succeed in bring ing the pea to perfection.' Courteous and gallant, he extended his hand, saying, ' TKen let me bring perfection to the pea ;' but why did he vow that it ?was all impromptu and original, and why had Per fection read Sydney Smith? It was Sydney Smith's j bon mot, though told of the everlasting, not : the. Darling, pea, and I do not remembsr anything brighter. He, however, wished that his memory had perished rather than that he had remembered it at all. Such -wit as Sydney Smith was accustomed to flash upon the world does not, of course, grow in the bush, and yet at times we obtain gparks of a genuine sort ; as this, for example's sake *. Michael is splitting posts, and the log cracks ana bursts with every inch of the wedge. 'Ah! ah! my joker, you are laughing now r' ' He does laugh, Michael : one would think he liked it.' 'Faith, yes, it is justfiplitting his sides he is with the pleasure ofit.' TT*n- ia a curious and instructive little incident of medicine wnrk. At Deniliquin a lady was bitten by n snake- Her people cut and burned the wound, and the doctor arriving injected ammonia. Slight relief was obtained, and the comatose condition kept off j for some haurs by the painful process, on!y to be realised by those who have witnessed or endured it, of walking up and down. At length a little rcrt became permissible, and the patient was permitted to He down, but was kept awake by the beating t-f kero sene tins. Is there not something in that suggestive of the beginnings of blackfellow medicine? The process which would drive the sleep of snakehite away would be equally effective in keeping off any other form of death. ' But it ia true that a doctor of medicine actually prescribed the kero&ene-tin; rausie? A paper on that case would be acceptable at the next meeting of the Medical Society. Bough music of another sort the new Mayor ?8 making through the maikets of the city. 'What is ihe meaning of this, he has asked, nosing the foul odours which constantly exhale from the place ? ? And the clerk of the markets is called upon for a reply. It is impossible to anticipate the reply. The clerk is doubtless a learned man in explanation, and will be able to shape his own excuse. But tfiere is a far larger question than that of the nalodorou6 market to be answered. What is the meaning of it? asks many a man, as he passes near to the police-court buildings and catches the blast from the packed judgment hall. How is it that not the things we eat only, but those objects of high respect, the magistrates and functionaries of the law, tire subjected to this process, which can ort^7 De de tcnbed as of rot* We know that there shouHbe dancing, laughing water, green leaves, fresh air, bright faces, and clean hands about the one ; and that the other, if not robed-in ermine, should l-e clothed with all the stillness and purity essential to a comfort able body and a clear understanding. ' Can't afford it' may serve for an answer \ but if. so, will you tell me the meaning of this ? I have oc casion to see a friend in the Civil Service. I approach that magnificent building known as the Lands Office, in Bridge-street, cross the mounding hall, pass up the lordly stair, and by a functionary well weighted with ths majesty of the place am directed to a certain door which opens to a knock, and discloses a fairly pro portioned room — nay, hall. It is About 40 feet by 20 feet. Its ceiling is delicately painted ; its watts are covered with a rich and leather-like paper. Its floor is covered with carpet, cost at least a guinea a yard; the furniture is massive, of cedar and mahogany, There are two fireplaces with asbestos gratea und BOlia ntun?B OI pousnea maroies. jsxy lneiiu lauuurts at a secretaire. What is he— Premier, Treasurer? Not a bit. Be is a poor clerk. His salary is 4226 per annum; his two- associates and juniors labour for much less. yet -fair interest upon the cost of their room and its f urnUhings 'would not be less than £300 per annum. I have even more difficulty in understanding the propriety of such arrangement as that than in recognising the necessity of filthy markets and reeking courts. Fire! and Murder J That is theory which follows the inquiry into the Coffee- Palace catastrophe. Fire, arson, and- murder. Horrid iire and foul mur der, too. Let the police get . to work ; let there be careful watch and cunning watch. Let the scoundrel who could contemplate and perform such a deed not long escape the gallows ; but let there be no undue - excitement in the matter, for remember it is only the verdict of a coroner's jury. In connection with that verdict,- and the manner in which it was obtained, there is Something to be said. The inquiry was instituted, be it - remembered, to ascertain the facts in connection with the death, of the unfortunate gentleman Mr. Hill. Then, what had insurance officers to do with it ? Why should . they be permitted to make use of all the Government apparatus to compile facts which will probably be made the base of defence in a civil action r What are you doing here? would seem* to be a proper question to any representative of an insurance office in a coroner's court. Policeman, do your duty! And many peorde talk of an unjust and unreason able and, it would seem, impolitic resistanceof claims by the insurance officers of 'this colony, and also of some cases in which a something that might perhaps be described as sharp practice is attempted — such as this now. . A widow woman in a ivsmrk+tt t-nurryfil^in nixrn£ f/ttfn crhflll r-ilH:urrui2 ? MMM ?* rill ? r ? I — **T* ???»?? ? J* »* T. ??? » wi-v _? i I ? ? i ..wniiill, she occupies the one and lets the other, and injures bath in a Sydney office for £400. She pays premiums for upwards of eight years, .and then upon ? a certain day the long-expected accident, and she is proprie tress of two heaps of ashes arid her policy. Policy presented. Surveyor instructed. Reply : ' We can replace your cottages, or we ?will1 pay you £150.' ' But I have been paying premiums on £400 for4 eight years I ' 'Doesn't matter; we will replace your cottages, and your furniture 'Was not insured.' ' I had rather have the money.' 'We will give you £150.' 'But wilL you give me also the premiums I have paid through eight years upon the £250, which, -addad to £150, make up £400? ' Certainly ^pot.**' thereis a knotty question involved there, which as a conun drum or parable I j-vesent-to my readers. Much have I travelled in this laud, of . ours, and many strange things have I seen and -felt. Dust storms are to me by ao means strange ; nor yet sheep and wallaby and kangaroo running together to tue sound of an axe in the mulga boughs; ndr rolypoLers. on the big plaias,iike giant haycocks, galloping; bat I have net seen enough to enable me to believe or, as it is better perhaps $o write, tmradersfewdthis telegram ?which oame down from, the temperate country of 'Wagga; 'TChedustetorms are silting up the tanks, snddams.' If any other man ifts-rieen and can ex plain ordes-9ihei^r«hpuld:like to-£eac^fxomhlnu When ddwA itf S^dneyandf:vex*d bfr'driet,cyotr attribute it of course to the great traffic on the loader It can't beJiobped-yp»^»yjrT^*at4atiie use of growl ing? Btatvoa aMt.wmatk A^ week . agp 4here;w»: soever* dus&er; wJlyHw^wM tTfe^fl^jHirtinncfc sunshine, puisrtrised road metal, wind and wheel db turbactlg^Not at all Water would hove kept it all down ; bSTunfortunatelT; there were two water tauks and two taps,- and two 'oificialsi' who shared the control of tanks' and taps and hated each other. - Wrote A, to B- : 'I think it would be better to rill the C tank at the D tap, and begin the watering at the E comer.' Replied B. to A., seeing opportunity j to difrer : ' 1 cannot understand why youdesire to oppose ray original suggestion that, the* C tank should always be filled at the E tap aud .proceed to the L corner ; you willkindly explain.' A. did explain ; paid while they D'd and E'd and F'd and G'd the dust rose and rose, and meruand women wete choked and vexed and well nigh poisoned. It is not on record frho went jnto them with a bludgeon. It could not have been a traveller on the line, or both had been slain. Mr; Liwe3 has through the week been talking to us about New Guinea. You will find Mr. Lawes's talk in another place. It is- another man whose talk I wish to record. He laboured under a suspicion, this other, ot seeking to get ai otnerpeopie s iaens, notions, ihui*, and in talk with a very grim fellow he said : ' They report cannibalism in New Guinea. I confess I am at' a loss to understand it.' ' Y«u at a loss-! That is too absurd. I thought it would have been exactly in your way.' 'Sir!' 'Sir me no sirs, but, tell me, what would youeay to a salmi of human brains i' Another little story, somewhat grim, from a traveller | who listens attentively to all the growls about our trams and trains, and says, at length : ' In India they do make certain preparaii ins, which you neglect.' ' What are they — k*, water, fresh air, fair seats, and beds?' 'No, sir! They are ? coffins. The heat is so great and the inconveniences so many that there are generally one or two death* on every journey, and they are alw&ysin; a state of preparedness in India.'-' 