HIS ONE. MISTAKE, By BERTHA El CLAY. \--.--e0 CtiXPTER LXIV.-(Coonscab.) She know that Lady Lelard, in her.mild way. vould distfl this information through the boneo, and so all trouble would be saved. While the two gentlemen whom she had left together stood looking at eaeh other. , It is a sorry case," said the earl-" a enorry ending to all the bright and pleasant hopes that your mother had formed for you. My boy, how could you mistake so greaty ? You have out yourself oil from as more, al. most, than if you were dead." "I know it," he replied; "and looking back, I tell you quite honestly that I cannot think how I did it. It was a piece of boyishb, Qoixotio folly. I never thought of the cone sequences. 1 never thought of what would happen. I seemed to remembernothing but the fact that I had persuaded the girl to go out, and that through me, she was at that hear of night withouthome or shelter." "But there were a hundred other ways and means 1 " cried the earl. "None of them occurrod to me," said Lord Caredale. "I do not excuse myself in the least; I have not one word to say. You are very angry, father?" "Yes ; I am more disappointed than angry. I thought so much of Son; I had built per haps extravagant hopes over you, for '.love you." Lord Carsdale sighed deeply. "Shall we partin anger, father?"he asked. " We have never had an unkind word-will you not be a little moreiful to me now?" "I cannot," said the earl. with a low moan, as of sudden pain-" I cannot, for you have destroyed my life I " And thoPe were the last words that passed between them for many yeare. CBIAPTBR LXV. A O?,,LE WOMAN'OS ADVICa. "I do n4t koa.w." said Lord Carsdllo, "how I hbse Fummnned courage to tell you the tr;;th. I can never hope that you willforgive m." Ha was sitting with Lady Ethel under one of the great spreading oaks in the park. He had asked her to come out with him; as he had something very particular to say to her. One look at his troubled, haggard face told her the words were net idle ones, and, with out any reply, she put on her hat andmantle, and went with him. fow he told her the story he never knew. The words left his lips, bathe seemed to have lost all control over them. - The only thing that he remembered very elearly was that some late roses .were blooming near them, and that, to the end of his life, the odour of s. rose made his very heart sick and faint. "I have nothing to forgive,'! said Lady Ethel. "I have long since felt quite sure that thfie was a secret of some kind or other in your life. I knew that you loved me when you met me here five years ago; but, Lord Carsdale, I do not understand why you asked me that qpestion a few days since. If you ocre married at that time, how could you want to know whether I loved you or not? " He told her what he had intended, and she shrank from him as she listened. " That would have been wrong," she said, " and if yon had asked me, I should have told you so. Once a marriago, alwaysamarriage -nothing can change it. Even if you had legally and lawfully obtained that separation, and il I had been toldthe truth, Ishonldhave refused to marry yon." "Ethel " he cried, reproachfully. " I am speaking the plain truth," she saed. " I have my own ideas of right and wrong; nothing could change them." " I wish," he said humbly; ' that you would tell me just what you 'think of my conduct, without the least fear-will you, Ethel ?" She raised her beautiful frce to his, and he saw how pale it was; his heart smote him as he looked at her. "I will tell you," she said, "just what I think. Your admiration of a pretty and gentle girl was simple enough; the fret wrong step ws in speasing to her ; yon ubad no right to do it-she was not of your station or your class, and no good could some of any acquain tance between you; the second wrong step was in asking her to go out with you; still, your motive was, yon say, kindness, yet it was most dreadfnull imprudent. Of your marriage, I can only say that' it was a Qaixotic folly ; I can understand it, though, end in some speasure forgive it; it was the rash impulse of a rash boy-the quickest but most fatal way out of a difflinlty. Will you forirve me, if I say that your marriage seems to me far less culpffble than the silence that followed it. You ask me to dissect your, conduct, and I do so. Why did yon not boldly own what you had done ? I make all allowance. You did not like to grieve your parents, yet you have been obliged to grieve them in the end. You were cautious on account of the Duke of Claverdon; his love for your sister must have been very weak if it could not stand that strain on it. It seems to me that your silence was weak and cowardly." "Oh, Ethel," he cried, " spare me I" "You have asked me for the truth,"-she said; "I must tell you that or nothing. It may be useful to you at some time.' "Yon are right," he said. ".Go' on,. Ethel." • "Theo, I think next, that you did w•ng over mie, very wrong. I was young when I met you here, and you sought me. Why did on do that, knowing that you were married ? R•e, you did not perhaps what the world calls make love to me, but you were like my shadow, and you mest hveo seen that I was learning to cear for ybu.' "Ethel," he cried, hurriedly. "I tell you though the words cover me with shame, i loved you so madly that I never hardly thought of my marriage; I did not realise it." "It was a cruel wrong to me," she said, with gentle dignity, "very evuel." "Will you forgive me, Ethel ?" he asked, sadly. I can never forgive myself." ? Yes, I forgive you; but all my life I shall have to suffer for your folly. Lord Carsdale, people say that prudence is a prim, prosaeic virtue. Look at the desolation and the suf fering brought into so many lives, then say if prudence be not the virtue of kings." " I see it," be said, gravely. Her face lightened and brightened through all its pallor. I "That is what I think ofyou," she said. I " I have told you the worst; now let me com fort you by saying that I do not think you have been guilty of any great sin-impru. dence is not always a sin; but whileI speak so of you, tell me in what words I am to speak of that glorious, that noble woman, your wife? She is beyond praise, and I think of her with my heart warm and my eyes full of tears.- Think what she has suffered, yet how brave, how noble, how corageonus she is. She must have felt that, quite un consciousnly, I was her rival. Yet she was always ready to help me-to invent pretty dresses for me. - I declare to you that Inever once saw an impatient look on her face: and4 oh, Lord Carsdale, do you remember that evening when my dress was disarranged, and she kn?lt downito stitch it ? I understand your impatience now. There is no one like her in the world-not one. Think," she 1 continued, "o[ her patient love, imagine her silence under all those false accusations. Lord Cardala, you may 'thank Heaven that you have found so good a wife. Your im prudence in this ease has turned outs blessing to you. I consider Ailie, as you call her, one of the most noble and perfect women I have ever seen." " Thank you for speaking soikindly of her, Ethel," he replied. "I know it all, and more. Of her beauty there cannot be two questions ; one only sees such a face in a life-time. You have every reason to be proud of your wife, Lord Oars dale." "Heaven blessyoue, 0thel, yenou are a trne friend," he replied. "Now you have made the wound, give me the care. You tell me very frankly in what I have done wrong. Now tell me how I can best set about making that wrong right." She mused gravely for some minutes, then she loboked earnestly at him. "Are you ready to follow the advice that I shall gite you," she asked, "even though it I bd in some measure painfl ? " "Yes, I am quite willing, Ethel; I promise it," he replied, gravely; and she knew that he would keep his word. "Then I will tell you what I think, Lord I Garsdale, and how it is best for yon to make the wrong right. Your first duty is now to your wife-to follow her, to find her, to atone to her for all that she has -suffered; to 1 be a true, good, kind, loving husband to her; to-make some nice home for her ibroad for soma years, and then, if possible, to seek a reconciliation with your parents; I do not think they willrefuse it." "I will obey you, Ethel, implicitly," he said. "Yeon will let me write to you some: times? Home I know will be closed against me, and I am pledged hot to tell my secret to my sister." "Yes, you may write; at times," she re; plied. - "And, Ethel, tell me that yon forgive me. Give me some hope that in your thoughts you will not despise me." "No," she replied, simply. "'I haoe-liked you too much for that." "Tell me that I have not spoiled your life," he said; "that in the future you will be happy ; tell me that, Ethel I" - She shooklher beautiful head gravely. "It would be idle to pretend- that I do not suffer. Lord Carsdale, I do; but Ihope, please God, my life is not all spoiled.. You have gone the quietest way to work by dia enchanting me, by letting me see that you could be wiak enough to keep a secret, and let a woman suffer for it. 'I know that I shall be nohapipy for a time, but I hope to forget all about it, and meet-with-a truer love." "Do you mean that, Ethel?" he asked, half sadly; "do you know--" She held up her.white, jewelled hand, with a charming gesture. - - "You are going to talk nonsense again," she said, "and I will not listen. If you wish to show. your eateem for me, obey me promptly." "I intend doing so," he said. "Alfter all that has happened," she con tinned, "it would be quite impossible for you and me to remain m the same housae We must study appearances; they must be kept up, no matter what goes wrong, and I think it best for you to go at once, and I will remain; women- have more sell.-control than men. I can talk, sing, and laugh, where you would break down." "I have arranged to go at once," he said, sadly. "I shall not see my father'or mother again. Ileave soon after noon-and, Ethel, Ethel I when shall I see you, or the dear old home, or the old home faced again ?" "When it shall please Heaven," she re plied, reverently. "Tell me, Lord Carsdale, where do you think Ailie has gone? " " I can form no idea, but I shall find her," he replied. "That is right-that-is earnest; nowletus say good-bye. • I must go back to Lady Gert rude; she is waiting for me." He sat quite still for a few minutes, then he said: " Good-by, Ethel; may HeaveI bless you with every blessing i" - He held that white hand as though he would never let it go. He intended to do right. Heregretted all the folly and impru dence he had been guilty of, but he was part ing for ever with the woman that he loved, and might never see again. Tboeo who have seen the face of the woman they love, yet dare not touch it--- those who have listened to the voice they loved, yet dared not speak, may tell what he endured. He saw the beautilful, bril. liant face grow paler and paler. "She raised her lovely eyes to him. "My strength is failing, Lord Carsdaie," she said. "Imu~st go;" and the next minute she had passed out of sight. "I must live it down," she said to herself twenty times over, "I must live it down. I have.my life before me." Lord Carsdale,after that farewell, did not re-enter the house. Ha walkead to the station, intending to go io London that day; his boxes and trunks would be sent after him. Ase he stood in theostation it occurred to him that he had not the least idea where Ailie really .was. She might have gone home, but he did not think it likely. He inquired of the cIlerk in the booking-olice, who remembered oneof the olo eneath footmen purchasing a first-class ticket for London. Then she had gone to London. What would she do there? " On arriving in'London, he went at once to the Laugham, and then it occurred toi him that he ehoult have more difficulty 'thia he had anticipteod in discovering where Allie had taken rsp~lige. - - - - OCHAPTER LXVI. inHE W1eE-ACED rio . "T'eft yen have not seen Ailie for some time?" asked Lord Caredale of Rose Derwent. And the answer was, "No." He had made all the search fossible in' London for his young wife, butlcould get no tidings of her. They remembered her at the London Bridge Hotel; and Patty, the kindly abamber.maid, when she heard of inquiries being made about a young lady, told ar once all that she had thought and suspeeted. Lord Oaredale talked to her himself, and. described iAlie exactly to her. ," That is the lady 1" cried the girl. "And you have no idea where she went?" asked Lord Caredale. "She mentioned no town, no place?" "No," replied the chamber-maid, "none." So there his claw ended. Naturally enough his next visit was to Radeswell, to see if Allie had reanhed home. This time he was so en grossed with anxiety that he quite fdrgot to note that which beforehand had so disgusted him-the dull street, the gloomy house, the evidence of poverty. He though only of find. ing Ailie, and atoning to her for what she suffered; hhereroism had been so great that, in his-eyes, it ennobled even the most com. mon-place surroundings. As a matter of course, the whole family were astonished to see him, and still more astounded at what he had to tell them; for he would have no more concealment, and, sending for the dancing-master and his as. tonished wife, he told the truth about his name, his title, and position. "At the same time," he said, "I inrat tell you quite fairly, that my marriage outs me off entirely from my family forever. It has been kept a secret from them all these yearse; now they know it, and I have bidden them farewell forever." John Derwent and his wife were both over come. "To think," said John, " that ueh a thing eh6uld happen." "To think," cried M~s. Derwent, "that my daughter shonldabe a lady of title." They were both speechless after that one remark. c "Of course," continued Lord Carmdale, "now that my marriage is known, I should like to see you in a different position. Ihave influential friends, and I do not doubt in the least but that I can procure for you some little offibe undergovernment, besides which I will settle a yearly income on you more than equivalent to that which you now earn. I shall have to trust to your good sense entirely never to mention my family or speak-of them in any way, as it wouldlead to mere harm than good." . John Derwent and his wife were both over whelmed-they could say nothing. Then he made inquiries about Frank, and learned that he gave promise, some day or other, of being a superb engineer. "I consider Frank's fortune made, sir," said John Derwent, gratefully; "and I have you to thank for it. my lord--no one else." Then Lord Carsdale had to listen to the story of Rose's engagement to the young curate; and, looking at the girl's sweet face, he didnot wonder at her marrying well. Then Hettie looked up at him with one of her frank, strange smiles. "I am not oneof the genteel members of the family," she said, "and I am not pro vided for, but I tell you enethiag, LordOars dale, I would not marry a lord, as poor Ailie has done, without he loved me better than you loved her." "You are right, Hettie. I do not excuse myself, but I will atone in the future for the errors of the past." - He would'not alarm them by telling them that he had so completely lost all trace of Ailie; he let them believe there had been" some' mistake about their.travelling. He found from his inquiries that none of them had any idea of Ailie's whertahouts. He went away as soon as he could, having but the one idea of finding her. ' The surprise, the wonder, the bewilderment that fell upon that little household I Ailie, their beautiful Ailie, had married a lordl Sirs. Derwent rocked herself pathetically to and fro, wiping the grnat tears from her eyes. " I always said'that Ailie was no common kind of girl," she said, " but none would bo lieveme." Thedancing-masterl ooked at his fiddle. " You and I part now," he said; "but you have been a true friend to me." - The secret was imparted, under allpossible vows of secrecy, to the curate, who mentally congratulated himself on having made a good match. Visions of a good living, presented to him by his brother-in-law, Lord Oaredale,' floated acrose his mind... In the meantime, Lord Carsdale himself was quite at a lose where to look. It was wonderful how one. illusion after another drew him from place to place. Sometimes it was the story of a lady found drowned in the depths-of some swift, deep river; again it was the body of a lady washed-ashore; it was an unknown lady killed in a railway accident; or it was the history of a myeter. ious death. Wherever he heard or read anything of the kind, he went at once; but, neither living nor dead, could he find any trace of Ailie.' - It-was a railway.accident that drew his attention to Fernbay-an excurcion train had come in.collision with a heavy goods train, the result of which was the death of some twenty passengers and the injury of some-twenty others. It was noliody's fault quite an accident, the servants of the com pany declared-one that no human intelli genee couldhave forseen. Among the list of of the dead came a description of a lady un known. She was described as very beauti ful, with long golden hair; and when Lord Carsdale read it, his heart grew faint. He Corget how many beautiful women wfth gol den hair there are in the world, and he went direct to Fernbay. It'was not Ailie. Before he reached there the golden-haired lady had been recogniized by a husband, who was driven mad by her untimely death. Still, Lord Carsdale resolved upon staying there; it.was a pretty place, and he had a pleasant memory of the one happy day that he had spent with Ailie there. He went to the same hotel where she had been so full of pretty, innocent wonder and esnrprise. Tnhey did not recognize him there. Later onthat evening he walked down to the beach; it was eurious plaee--quaint, old-fashioned, and, at times, very solitary. SHe walked past the pier, where the band was " discoursing eloquent madio," down by the cliffa, and stood there looking at an old, ruined jetty that ran out into the sea. It was a quiet, desolate place; there was no sound of music, no gay promenaders, no children at play. There lay the blue sea; the white eliffs sloped down to it, and from the shingle the black, ruined jetty ran out far and wide into the sea. Such a quaint, soli tary Ecene had not met his eyes for years. He stood watbching it, wondering how that old jiety would look under a darkening sky, with great, dark waves leapeing over it; and as he so stood, there came tohim an oldi meast guard, who touched his cap and begsn That jetty he said, had been for years and years out of repair; it was never used now. In tiimes long past, queens and kings had landed on it; but now it was given up to a ghost. \- i': i -(To l elsinsCl.) 