FOX CAUGHT Iltf HIS O W U TifAp, Mr. James Fox was the junior partner in the firm of Plumley & Fox, tbe principal solici tors in the somewhat dead-alive old Cathedral town of Slumborougb. He was a smart, well set young man, of three and thirty, with care fully trimmed black whiskers, a silken manner, and an unlimited flow of TO ore or less enter taining small talk. Hence it came to pass that he was an exceedingly popular man among the ladies of Slumborough, both old and young, and had his views lain in the direction of matrimony, he would have had email difficulty in inducing apy bashful damsel or frisky widow to Bhare bis lot. But the handsome solicitor was ambitious • his share in the business did not at present bring him in more than a moderate income, and he had long ago determined that when he married he must consider not only beauty but more solid advantages. Heiresses, however, were not plentiful in (Slumborough, and so, although Mr. Fox's at tentions frequently fluttered a virgin bosom, he was careful not to commit himself too far, and not even the local gossips could fairly say of him that he had compromised a reputa tion or knowingly raised false hopes. There was, indeed, one young lady who hgd made 9 deep impression upon the solicitor^ heart, but she was the daughter of a country magnate with whom Ifr. Fax was not even on visiting terms. He had met her at the 4-nnual Hijnt Pall, she had danced twice with him, for Mr. Fox was an excellent waltzer; but her mother had doubtless warned her against; him, for when they next met, some six weeks after wards, Miss Laquerton passed the unfortunate man without so much as a how. She was, however, lovely and rich, and Mr. Fox was not a man tq be easily discouraged. He knew that if he could only afford to cut the office and blossom into a landed proprietor he would lave just as good a chance with her as anyone else, so lie waited patiently in the hopes of one day discovering tlip rflad which leads to for tune and success. The firm of Plumley & Fox was a highly re spectable and old fashioned concern, which avoir:ed litigation and almost entirely devoted itself to family business. Plumley was a fairly good lawyer, but Fox's legal knowledge was of the most limited character, and he was m\ich too lazy to take the trouble to increase it. So it came to be understood hetween them that while Plumley did the office work, Fox kept the clients in good humor hy calling on them apropos of nothing and amusing them with his jokes ard stories. The business was generally termed keeping the connection to gether," and it suited Mr. Fox very well in deed. Jt was while he was peeping the con nection together that he made the acquaintance of a certain rich widow named Mrs.'Johnson, and so well did he play his cards that before long Plumley & Fox became Mrs. Johnson's family solicitors, land agents, and confidential advisers. The firm made a pretty good thing out of Mrs. Johnson. Iq accordance with the usual arrangement, Plumley transacted the tidiness and Fox became a constant visitor at her house, and worked his way into her good graces by liia woflderfyl powers of amus ing convereation. There was yet another accomplishment which stood our- solicitor iu very good stead, and this was an accurate knowledge of chemistry and medicine, which he had pipped up as a boy in the shop of his uncle, the chemist. The horrible ainells that yoking Fox had created in his experiments, and the ugly stains he had mode on his haaiia determined him to forsake nicdieine for the law, but he never entirely forgot his early ex periences. He could talk fluent ly about everv known drug and disease, and about a great iiia,ny which had not yet been discovered ; lie diagnosed Mrs. Johnson's symptoms at least as accurately as MacBolus, the Scotch doctor, (tnd would even have prescribed for her had not the stalwart Scot angrily threatened to kick him if he did so. But he retained a very prominent place in the old lady's affections, and it began to be whispered about that he had an excellent chance of succeeding to her Very considerable property. The disposal of Mrs. Johnson's money was a matter which had long furnished speculation of unfailing interest to. the town of Slum borough, and filled many a yawning gap in conversation at afternoon teas. Mrs. Johnson had but o«e relative in the world, Miss Liz?ie Roberts, the daughter of her late sister. This young lady, however, it was agreed, had not the slightest chance of being mentioned in her aunt's will. A handsome, well bred girl, she was left at her parents' death to make her own way in the world, inheriting nothing but the battle of life and the dislike of Mrs. Johnson, who had not seen the child since it quitted lis baby clothes. This strange an tipathy was traceable, as some people said, to times long gone by, when Mr. Roberts, Lizzie's Jather, then renowned for his manly beauty, bad been an assiduous Tisitor at. the house of Mrs. Johnson's parents. She, being the elder daughter, and taking all his attentions for herself, had felt it keenly as a personal insult when her sister dared " to snatch him away and even later on, after having made a much more brilliant match herself, she never could forgive this early defeat. Death even bad not buried tbe grudge, which not unnaturally passed from mother to child. How far this saying may have been true or not, one thing was certain, poor Lizzie Roberts had not the ghost of a chance of ever seeing a single penny from her aunt's money box; her claims were clearly quite out of the question. There remained, then, only Miss Welly Brown, Mrs. Johnson's lady companion, and Mr! James Fox. Mr. James Pox knew from his partner, who had cautioned him, in a friendly way, that Airs. Johnson was not going to divide her fortune, but would leave the whole of it to her "truest friend," though she bad evidently not yet made her mind up as to who deserved that title. More than once had Mr. Plumley been suddenly summoned to draw up a new will; so slight an annoyance as a cold cap of tea having caused her to destroy the one in Miss Welly s favor. Then two days' neglect on the part of Mr. Fox, and a constant supply of hot tea at the hands of Mibs Nelly, again reinstated this lady in Mrs. Johnson's good graces. Mr. Fox therefore had good cause for anxiety as to what would be the exact state of affairs when the old lady was finally called upon lo join the majority. _" With such an old woman," he said to himself, ' who is ready to make a new will any day and to burn it the next, there is no dependence, one's future hangs upon a whim; a remedy must be found. The safest thing would of course be to mate love to Miss Nelly; she is rather 't'jirtyish,' and al'ogether not very attractive; still, if she were to get all the money, she would be anything but undesirable.'^ So Mr. James Fox set to work at once to make himself agreeable to Miss Brown, yet without going too far; for lie had by no means forgotten Miss Laquerton, but he felt it was better to have two strings to his bow, and therefore he determined to do his best to keep Miss Nelly in good humor. The lady, how ever, was not so easily satisfied as the solicitor expected ; for now he had onpe begun to pav her attentions, she wanted a decided offer of marriage, and not being able to get it, Bhe took refuge in a stratagem. This consisted in her suddenly making the discovery that Mrs. Johnson's health was in absolute want of some Germm watera^-in fact, she decided that it was quite dangerous for her to spend the spring in England, with all the changes of heat and cold. The old lady was therefore soon persuaded to yield to such tender solici tude, and away the couple went, leaving Mr. James Fox in a rather awkward dilemma. What was he to do .? Jf he wrote cool letters to Miss Nelly, she would be offended, and all his chances would be lost in the event of her inheriting Mrs. Johnson's property; on the other hand, if he played the part of a lover, be committed himself, and gare her the ma terials for q. breach of promise case, should the good lady die when his name only figured in her will, and should he then turn his attention to Miss Laquerton. What, then coiild lie do f ' The worthy Fox was baffled for the moment, but after deep deliberation he hit upon a great idea which his cliemionl studies suggested to liim. Chuckling to himself he went to a chemist's shop, purchased several drugs, and mixed and remixed them till a magnificent black ink was produced, which had the grand advantage that in about ten days after being committed to paper jf would fade away without leaving the slightest trapp. Eirjbolderjed by the happy result of his experiments, he became at once the most tender and zealous correspondent any woman could wish for. His letters, in fact, over flowed with promises of everlasting devotion. Miss Nelly beamed with joy ; for she was now convinced how true and unselfish was the attachment of her ftdmirej*. Under such circumstances it was not sur* prising that the Crerman wafers speedily did Mrs. Johnson so much good that her careful nurse considered that the cure conld be ! shortened, and accordingly the couple re- i turned to England cinch earlier than tod been expected, I Whether, however, the waters had really disagreed with the old lady, or something else had upset her, was never quite clear, but soon after their return to England her health and strength began seriously to fail. She com plained bitterly that Miss Nelly had induced her to undertake an unnecessary and useless journey, and that ever since she had neglected her altogether. The end of it wae that one day, in the height of her anger, she burnt the then existing will, and made Mr. James Fox sole heir to everything she possessed. This decision seemed 10 have exhausted her Te afteml,S enerSJ' r°r 6he died not ma»y days Mr. Fox, who had been apprised of the state of affairs by his partner and friend, almost lost his senses with joy ; still his excitement did not prevent him investing some money in hatbands and crape, and looking as mournful as if the sorrows or the whole world rested upon his shoulders. Miss Nelly, too, almost melted away in tears, and could only be comforted by «« her Jamie," as she now called Mr. Fox. But the latter seemed to have turned quite dull with grief, lie did not appear to understand her at all, and. day by day as she became more demon strative lie grew less affectionate. The after noon before the funeral Miss Nelly was extremely broken-hearted, and amidst lier sobs remarked how comfortable and happv she had always been with her late dear friend". Io her ast"nisluuent Mr. Fox attempted tq comfort her by saying with cool civility, " I hope you may soon meet again with such a happy home as you have had here till now " On hearing this Mias Kelly's teara suddenly dried up, and with eyes dilated with astonish ment Sriid anger-, she cried ; " It is you whom 4 expect to make me this happy home '" Mr Fox, however, simply shrugged his ^ (jlders, saying: " I do not deny that I may have once had such ideas ; but of l«te I have groW„ wiser. Everything alters in this world; " *T' Jh™' pllou^ "ot our opinions do the same ?- Urn*, is what wC call progress." Upo.11 this he howed and left Miss Nellv crying and fainting in an arm chair. lie did not hear anything of her till a few days later, when a gentleman called upon him, stating that he had been entrusted with Miss i>el\y Brown's affairs, and suggesting that perhaps Mr. Fox, before matters went further wo.uld prefer making some private arrange ment about his breach of promise of marriage With lua client. what proof of that promise has Miss Brown, except her saying so?-" asked Mr. Fox. " Oh," answered the young man, " I have seen a br>x full of letters from you." "Have you read them?" continued Mr. ■cox sarcastically. " Not yet," replied the other; " but I have seen the box." " Well, you had better go and read them first before you take any further steps, and if you can find a single line from me to Miss Brown, I am quite willing to. let her have ample damages without their being awarded by a court of law." was something so diabolical about Mr. Fox, that the young defender of innocence tound it best to retire for the present, leaving lua opponent to rub bis hands triumphantly and build, castles in the air about the country seat and the horses and carriages he was going to buy in order to dazzle Miss laquerton, whom he felt justified in seriously thinking about now. i Miss Nelly had, meanwhile, heen informed ot the conversation at Mr. Fox's office, and with an indignant exclamation about " such incredible untruths," she wept to fetch her letter box There, sure enough, were the lei tors, all m Utile packets, neatly tied up. with blue and pink ribbons; but strange to say, she could ijofc 6ee an address; and, oh heavens! when she undid the packets they contained nothing but paper—all white paper, without a single word on it. The wily lawyer had evidently deceived her by some demonia cal trick. i J'"3 ®',0ck W3S so g^at to the poor love sick lady, that she had scarcely the courage to show herself when the will was to be read; but she rallied at last, hoping against hope that it might etill be in her favor, when she* could treat with scorn and contempt her faithless lover and his paltry damages. Mr. 3Tox, although he considered himself already master of the house and everything in it, felt considerably excited on the morning of the day appointed for the reading of the will, and when Mr. Plumley, as chief executor, sat down and slowly got his spectacles oat, his junior partner came over so faint and his heart fluttered to such an extent, that he fancied all his hopes and beautiful castles in the air -were crumbling away as in a dream. Why did not his old friend at once read the document; why did he make the suspense so unbearably long ? Why did he continue to stare first at the paper in his band then at those around him, and then once more at the paper, without uttering a single word; and then at last when he did speak, why did he stammer, " I—I do not know; I see nothing^ in fact, it is the same paper, but—^—" Could it be ? Yes, sure enough there was the paper on which the will had been made out, but but there was nothing upon it now, it was merely a blank, a white sheet! (' Good heavens! With what ink did you write out the will ? " burst out at last Mr. Fox. '' With what ink ? " repeated the old gentle roan, indignantly, " with your ink. As I found the icksiand upstairs dry, and the old lady was in such a deadly hurry, I rushed down myself to get some, and seeing your bag in the hall, I took from it the little ink stand which you always car.y about." Mr. Fox turned deadly pale, and, without saying another word, vanished, like his ink, before anybody had found time to ask for an explanation. When the rest of the company had composed themselves again, Mr, Plumely said f— " I know that the testatrix has destroyed all former wills, so that there is none at all in existence, and, by law, therefore, the pro perty will go to the next of kin. I know, also, that Mrs. Johnson had no relatives whatever. exceDt Miss Lizzie Roberts. She is consequently sole heiress." —Truth. 