RELIGION WITHOUT SUPERSTI- TION. THE following able letter, whioh was addressed to the Argm, and appeared in that journal of 9th May, needs no introduotion:— Sir,—Having been relaotantly indnoed to read the reoent brochure of Jndge Williams, I did so yesterday. I have no hesitation in pronouncing it a miserable farrago of effete objections whioh have been often urged and often answered. It abounds in assertion and assumption, spiced with ribaldry and scurrility. To reply seriatim would be simply oput et operant perdere—to waste one's time and trouble. It will do no harm to anyone, except, indeed, to the man who foolishly wrote it. Judge Williams aoouses Dr. Moorhouse of plagiarism from Matthew Arnold and Stnart Mill, while he himself takes the whole tone, tenor, and treatment of his weak imitation from Channing and Renan, borrowing without acknowledgment his TJnitarianism regarding the Trinity from the former, and his NeBtorianism regarding the Incarnation from the latter. Thns does he verify, in his own person, the judgment of the "metaphysical visionary" Paul, who in the second ohapter of his epistle to the Romans deolares, "Therefore thou art inexoneable, 0 man, whosoever thou art, that judgest: for wherein thou judgest another thou condemnest thyself ; for thou that judgest doest the same things." My principal object in writing is to correct two primary and palmary errors of whioh the learned but nntheological judge hag been guilty, and on which he has raised so many false issues, thus rendering his whole attempted argument a mere paralogism. In page 2 of the new edition of his little book he lays down categorically that "the most succinct and acourate statement of it (the doctrine of the Trinity), aB held by the Church of Borne, the Churoh of England, and other Protestant denominations, is that the Godhead consists of three distinct and separate persons, each one of whom is God—God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost—that all three are co-eternal and co- equal, and that all three are one God." Now the doctrine as thus stated is neither " succinct" nor " accurate," but redundant, false, and heretical. I know it not to be the doctrine of the Catholic Church, and I believe it not to be the doctrine of the Protestant Church, for I have looked over her articles and found the orthodox faith explicitly taught in artiole one. The Godhead does not consist of "three distinct and separate persons," for if they were separate they would exist as three distinct substances, viz., as three human persons, and would therefore be what Judge Williams falsely asserts—three Gods. The three divine persons exist distinctly as persons in the one inseparable substance, the divine nature, which is so essentially One—unical, indivisible, inseparable—that the 1 very possibility of division or separation would destroy the very nature of God. Suoh a God, if possible, would not be God at all —Jehovah—I am who am. ; The three persons are the " relation of origin in the divine essenoe"—that is, eternal origin, coeval and coexistent with God himself. These three relations are living, aotive, energising persons, eaoh ever acting and ever producing its own proper operation, which, though proper to the person, is yet common to the one divine essenoe or substance. Thus the three persons exist distinctly, but not separately, w the one divine nature. How this can be is precisely wherein the mystery of the Holy Trinity consists, and whereto we, as weak and bund mortals, must pay the homage of bur understanding to the revelation of God. " They who search into mysteries shall be Overwhelmed with glory." ; It may be possible that Judge Williams floeB not see or cannot understand the difference between "distinct and separate," for, indeed, I must agree with Mr. Blair that the judge is not a metaphysician. Let me, then, give hira a very familiar illustration in bis own person, in which I hope he believes. His own soul and body exist quite distinct one from the other, and yet they are not separate. I would even hope that they may not be separated for a long time yet, for I hardly think he IB quite ready to go to heaven. . An analogous fundamental and fatal mistake exists in the judge's book regarding the Incarnation. In page 42 he writes that— " A material Christ or Christ in the flesh never could have been begotten; and if Jesus existed with God from everlasting, he could only have existed as an immaterial spirit also; and if so, it is diffioult to conceive how spirit could become flesh, or immateriality become materiality, or the infinite become fiftite.*' 1 am forced again to fear that the learned judge iB indeed not a metaphysician, and hence his false conception of the " Incarnation." ; Not only is it difficult to conceive how spirit could become flesh, &&, in the judge's ^de'a of the matter—!-namely, by transmutation—but it is downright impossible, for the the thing itself is not only physically but even metaphysically impossible. Spirit may b6 changed into body or extended matter only in one Way, by annihilation and recreation,' which is not mutation, hut substitution. Now, if the judge knew the mere dements of philosophy he would not have found out such a mare's nest. ' I In the mystery 4f the ! Incarnation God was'not changed Intorotn, theBo^ jild not beMlne flesh, the InSnite pefton of the Holy Trinity, assumed, took to Himself human nature—that is, a body and eoul. like ours—and that while He did and must, from Hie very nature, continue to be God, He added human nature to His divine personality in the one person of God the Son. These two natures of God and nan, though now inseparable, are yet distinct and inconfused, each one having its proper operations; the infinite is still infinite, the divine still divine, the.immaterial still immaterial, with the human, the finite, the material added on. How different this is from Judge Williams'really ignorant misconception of tbe subject. If he wants to know how such a wonderful monument of mercy was wrought for the redemption of Judge Williams, as well as other sinners, I warn him that he has here again to bow down his erring reason in humble adoration of the truth and the power of the great Adonai. It is hardly worth, while to take any notice of a footnote in the judge's little pamphlet; but, as there are two misstatements in such a brief space, it is better to oprreot them. . The judge states that" in a letter recently addressed by Dean Slatteiy, of Geelong, to the Argus . . . this text (the three, witnesses) was cited, and the strongest reliance placed upon it." This statement is not correct; I quoted the text as I did all the others—and they were not a few—in its own place in the series, and made no special remark about it; did not give it any emphasis or accentuation. He says also that " no one who entered into the controversy ever questioned the' genuineness or authority of the verse." He seems to forget, either conveniently or otherwise, that a courteous letter was written by "Uncial" on this very point, to which I sent a short reply in explanation and defence of the verse. The reply was accepted without any.rejoinder. Such being the facts of this case, is it not really very coxcombical of the judge to give this false version of his as a proof of the ignorance prevailing on the subject P I should be very sorry indeed, and very much ashamed, to have only the little false smattering of knowledge on this oritical point exhibited in the same page of the pamphlet. I oannot allow the strictures of the judge on tbe sacred Word of God to pass without protest. I have never read a more disgusting agglomeration of sourrility. It is a painfnl and: fearful proof of tbe lamentable consequences of reading the Bible by the dangerous and delusive light, of private judgment. How true that " the unlearned and unwary wrest the Soriptures to their own destruo tion." As a last word from one who has the interests of religion and truth in hie unworthy charge, and is therefore bound to protect tbem, I wpuld offer, one,short word of ad viae to the judge.. If he wish to preserve any reepeot for him self and for.the high and responsible office which he happens to hold, I Would seriously exhort him to " mind his own business"— tutor ne.uilra crepidam.—fours, &o.; t . P. J. SLATTERy. St. Mary^a, Geelong, 6th May. 