traveller. j Three Weeks in Southland, N.Z. Br Frank Morlet. (Continued.') How long have I been olimbing this track, piokingferns, murdering Shakespeare, apostro- phising tom-tits, and perspiring freely. Seems like an hour. I must be at least a mile abovo tho level of the lake. Surely I can walk and moralise at the rate of a mile an hour. Let me see what tho aneroid says. Great Jehoshopbat I only 500 feet ! But tho apparatus oan't lie. I'm not more than ,1G6 yards above the lake yet. I don't think I'll.olimb Mount Ernslaw this time. It would look like taking a mean advantage of the mountain, to practise on a wood track at the back of Kinloch first. Just here I found the following notice nailed to a tree, which I give verbatim : — ' Head of lake, June 7th, 1881. Notice. — This is to Bertily that I, John ' Snooks, have this day applyed for a olaim for wood outting.' The name wasn't Snooks, but that's no matter. I went on about fifty feet further, when I came to the conclusion that in a struggle between store ' clothes ond ffew Zealand tfdrub tba scrub would get tha best of it. Then I paused and looked around me, preparatory to beginning my desoent. There is not much to see certainly. My horizon iB limited to about fifty feet. The interlacing leaves of the blaok biroh (Betula nigra), the white biroh (B. alba), the red birch, the totara, aud various other trees and bushoB, effectually shut out the rays of the sun from the damp ground beneath, where ferns and scrub, in endless variety and profusion, flourish Bide by side in their struggle for existence. I am now 550 feet abovo tho lake, and for all the view I oan get I might as well be in the deepest dungeon in tho old Bastille, or down in the loweBt level of tho Magdala olaim at Stawell. Beturning, a very pretty object caught my eye — a dagger-shaped pendant of ice hanging from the roots of a tree whioh grow upon the edge of a outting. The water percolating through tho roots waB frozen as it issued in drops, and the translucent icy stalactite, about two feet in length, sparkled like a huge diamond in the sunshine. But I have no moro time to dawdle horo, as that sound whioh rolls in a thousand echoes from tho hills is tho fog-horn of tho Jane Williams, and sho leaves Kinloch in less than an hour. In ten minutes more I am carving an ancient chicken for the Lady ol tho Lake, whoso acquaintance I made this morning; and wo aro discuasing tho probability of the sun shining during the next forty-eight hours in ordor to reveal tho beauties of the scenery, which, up to this point, have been hidden by an envious leaden sky. The lady is undecided whether to go or stay. 'Do you think it is going to clear up,' she asks. I look out at the window; then I return and put on my most sympa thetic, and withal my wisest look, and respond somewhat after tho manner of the immortal Captain Cuttle: 'The wind is now in tho sou-west. If so be, my dear madame, that it chops round to the nor-west, or nor-nor-west by nor, we'll probably have a change. If the glass doesn't go down any more it will very likely rise presently; ond then we'llhavo somo weather. If wo don't havo some weather we'll likely have some sunshine.' ' Dear me 1 how very annoying. I think I'll go back.' ' I don't think that you oan gain much by staying here, madame 1 ' ' Do you really think it will clear up in a day or two ? if so, I will stay.' ' Truly, madamo, I think you, are wise to remain.' ' After all I think I'll go.' ' Well, on second thoughts, I believe you aro right.' 'After coming all this way I don't like leaving without seeing something.' ' I commend your resolution, madame ; only dire necessity drives mo away from these hospitable shores. I envy you your chance of remaining to see the sun shining in all hia glory upon thoso gloomy hills, and trans forming them, as by a magician's wand, into all the color's of the solar spectrum.' ' Yes 1 I will remain.' ' Adieu 1 ' ' Adieu 1 ' The Jane Williams is a little craft even smaller than the Mountaineer. She is not, like her rival, got up regardless of expense. She has no gorgeous saloon shining with brass and nickel, and upholstered with crim son velvet or some brilliant imitation thereof. But she is a good little boat for all that ; and her Bkipper is a decent follow, too ; but ce la va sans dire, as he is an old Victorian, and all Viotorians are good mon when they aren't the reverse. Now we are off. The Lady of the Lake stands in a pensive atti tude, watching our departure. I think she is even now repenting of her final resolution. We steer Btraight for Glenorchy whioh gleams across the water, about three miles away, like a miniature painting on a huge gray canvas. When about half-way across we get a fine view of Mount Earnslaw, which hitherto has been hidden by the smaller but nearer Mount Alfred. What a rugged old giant he looks with his storm-tossed locks of oloud and vapor clinging to his venerable head, and hanging halfway down his shoulders, like the poor gray hairs of old King Loar, when turned adrift by his ungrateful daughters and abandoned to the mercy of the storm. There is a glacier somewhere about Mount Ernslaw which I have not seen yet ; but which I am quite prepared to take on trust, as tho atmo sphere and the water aro alike cold enough to indicate the presence of half-a-dozen re spectable glaciers. The Bees Biver hero joins the waters of the lake ; and although just now it is comparatively low, the captain assures me that it brings down an enormous volume of water sometimes, and that tho shingle at tho mouth of the river is con stantly shifting. Half-an-hour steaming brings ua alongside the wharf at Glenorchy. We hove not very much cargo to take on board; and presently we aro off, our pas senger list being reinforced by tho addition ot a fur akin- covered hunter, -with a vener able and unkalizoic dog ; which must be an extremely valuable animal if only half as olever as he is ngly. Whilo we are steaming along close in to the shore which lies upon our left, the oaptain enlarges upon the past glories of tho old dig ging days. There haa been plenty of gold got about Lalto Wakatip. Wo are steaming past the old Buckleburn ' digging ' out ot whioh tons of gold have been won by diggers in the olden days from Bhallow sinking. A few Chinamen still hang about the old place with the strange pertinacity of the race. They make their tucker now, and that is about all. But there are quartz reefs higher up the river which have been lately turning out well, and a revival in mining about here is quite on the cards. Tho sun is still hidden by the gray pall which for the last two days has hung about the limited area of sky which the tall moun tains leave visible. But aa we pass the islands a fugitive gleam of Bunshino gives us a momentary glimpse at tho exquisite panorama for which the Lady of the Lake is sighing, I hope not vainly. Suddenly, a3 if by magic, a wealth of gorgeous oolor breaks from the hitherto gray and gloomy moun tains. In tho foregreund is Pig Island, or Pigeon Island, it matters not which, aa there ia nothing in suoh unsuggestivo names. Tbo blue-black waters of the lake break in small curling white-crested waves upon the basalt foreshore of the island. Tho pale green of the ferns and cabbage trees contrast vividly with the dark glossy leaves of the scrub. Away beyond the strip of water between us and the further shore, and forming the back ground of the pioture, the gray and brown walla under the magio influenoo of BUnlight, turn from doom to Gladness. Instead of black and gray and brown our eyes are glad dened by tender harmonies a»d Bweet nuances of color. Deep purples, delicate blues, tender grays and a perfect diapason of all the colors from the rod to the violet end of the spec trum are reflected from tho needle-like peaks and shaggy Bides of those hitherto gloomy hills ; and, high above all, the pure white of the snow almost dazzles the eye to look upon it. But this gleam of sunshine is only momentary ; and presently, like tho ghosts of dead memories, the glorious viBion disap pears. It appears to me that tho beauty of New Zealand scenery depends a good deal upon light. Thia sounds like a simple truism ; and some very smart reader may probably remark that 'any fool knows that.' But what I mean, if, indeed, I have any meaning, is that light plays a more essential part in produoing magnificent effects among New Zealand mountains and lakes than any other factor. Each point and peak, every angle and esoorpment seoms to absorb that portion of the composite solar speotrum due to its molecular construction and its angle of in cidence. According to the law of optics, there is no color generated by any natural body whatever. In the whito light of the sun we have the sum total of all possible colors ; and the various hues whioh greet the eyo of tho observer as the rays of the sun fall _upon thoso rugged heights are duo to tho sifting process whioh the light undergoes before bsing reflected baok. Sometimes all the light is absorbed, and a dense blackness appears ; then tho red, tho orange, tho yellow, the green, the blue, and tho violet rays aro ab sorbed or reflected os the oase may be, result ing in all tho colors being seen fiom some point or othor, and all blondcd into a har monious whole by masses of grays and other neutral tints in the way that only nature can blond hor colors; whilo mingling with the clouds are tho snow-clad peaks. ' Clothed in whito samito, mystio, wondor ful.' It is very beautiful when tha sun shines. The Lady of tho Lake by thia timo is pro bably happy; as sho must havo canght a fleeting glimpse, if no more, of tho beauties of Lake Wakatip, and tho mountains, under tho vivifying touoh of — 'That orbed continent, tho firo That severs day from night.' But now ' the glorious lamp of heaven ' is hidden under thick masses ot vapor. Tho sombre gray walls aro unrelieved by any splash of oolor or gleam of light ; tho black waters of tho lake seem blacker mid moro unfathom able than over ; tha shore flits past indistinct and shadowy ; the trees and scrub appear out ot tho darkness in front, and disappear into the darkness behind, and, tho wind tossing thoir branohes, they seem to turn eternally like tho lost souls in the Hall of Eblis. The wind begins to riBe. As it blows over those snow-covered hillls, it swoops down a3 if it had just arrived from somo antartie waste of eternal icebergs ; and seems to be embued with a demoniac desire to cut your ears off. You walk about frantically to keep up the circula tion, or you cower behind the boiler of the engine, which, in tho Jane Williams, rises up boldly through tho middle of tho deck ; and ever and anon you feel in tho darkness for your nose, to make sure that you have some thing more substantial on your face than a IifelesB and frost-bitten reminiscence ofthepast. But there is not much of this. Presently wo reach Queenstown, und in the comfortable hotel of Madame Eickhardt I find as good accommodation, as good liquor, ond as good meals as tho traveller will find out of Melbourne, or porhaps in it. (To be continued.) 