North Shore Electorate. ME. Tv*ES'S MEETING. A meeting of Mr. I. E. Ives's committee and sup porters was held in the local Masonic Hall on Tuesday night. There was a large attendance, and Mr. Ives when he entered tho room was received with applause. Mr. Tulloh. who occumed the chair, said that he was glad to be able to introduce Mr. Ives to them. He asked those present to recall the time when Mr. Ives first came to reside on the Shore, some fourteen yeara ago. Mr. Ives had teen fifteen months away from Australia, and, during his absence, he had been re-elected to the position he now held in tbe Austra lian Mutual Provident Society. This, he eaid, spoke volumes for a man. (Applause.) While Mr. Ives had resided on the Shore he had always done his best to promote the interests of the residents. He was glad that local men had come forward ; but he did not consider that the man on the other side of the water had a ghost of a chance. Mr. Ives had attended simply to show himself. (Applause.) Mr. Ives, who was received with applause, said that he regretted very much when he received tlie news of Mr. B. O. Holtermann's death when he (TWr. Ives) arrived in Adelaide. When he received the telegram asking him to contest the electorate, he felt much flattered ; but at the same time he considered that he had no right to allow himself to be nominated, after having been away for thirteen months. He thought that it was out of place for him to enter into politics at present, but jf they were of opinion that he was a fit and proper person to represent them, he could assure them that he would do his utmost to promote their interests. (Applause.) He thought that they had done Tiitn a honor by sending tee requisition to him, and he trusted that everything would be carried on in a friendly spirit. (Applause.) He was plad to see such a number of all classes present. He thought just as much of & working man as he did of anyone else. (Applause.) He thanked them for the honor which had been done him, and he felt proud of being among them. (Cheers.) Mr. Langlet suggested that the committee should defray the expenses, but Mr. Ives said he wished it to be distinctly under stood that he would pay all the expenses in connec tion with his candidature — (applause)— and if he had the goodwill and support of all he would be perfectly satisfied- {Cheers.) An executive committee was then formed, after which a vote of thanks was accorded to the chair man, and three cheers were given for the Queen, and Mr, Ives, and the meeting closed. 