gtimtiiu & Wistful Ibox will, it may be almost certainly assumed, have a very prolonged life if opposed to statical strains alone well within its elastic resistance. In a long-continued state of repose under stress it perhaps gradually becomes crystalline, but with nothing like the same rapidity as when exposed to vibration. That the natural tendency of iron is to pass from a fibrous to a rTyj^aMiin^L state is well known, and tte process of transition is rapid in proportion to the amount of vibration brought a bear apon.it. There are no such things as white teeth, as can be proved by contrasting those called white with sno«~, raw cotton, or marble. Roughly, teeth can be divided, as regards colour, into blue, grey, and yellow, with hundreds of Jiffipjynt h^p^*^ The apparent whiteness is due to the ^yunplfrinn and hue of the tips; and the glistening ivories of the negro are, as a rule, so exceedingly yellow that they would disfigure a white person. It is the t^yV1 flp', hair, a-ni] eyes tbat make tlm^i look white. M. De J. Lee&cs;, in La. HooUle, is not in clined to believe that the f YP'f'aJf?na of fire barometer. He says that several English engineers and men of science have sought to establish a coincidence between great baro metrical depressions aud explosions of fire damp; but that for this there does not seem to be adequate foundation in fact. Tables published by the French commission on tire damp show that as many explosions occur when the barometer is normal and when it rises as when it falls. People complain that the Americans invent everything, and there is some truth in the assertion, though not so much &s; is generally supposed. But the Americans are so very lucky. Here is a piece of sheer luck. The owner of a stall at the Inventories, a Mr. Downie, discovered by the purest accident that the juice of Eucalyptus leaves removed the hardest boiler scale withon*. in any way injuring the metaL There was no invention about it. It was an accidental discover}-, and nothing more. He was able, neverthe less to patent it as an ?* invention,' and now he is in a tair way of making an inuneni* fortune oat of it, partly in this country and partly in America. As boiler- scale causes the loss of millions annually to employers of steam power, the money value of the happy little accident may be imagined If the ne«' process of sugar- making discovered by Froliach, of Berlin, proves equal 10 all that is claimed for it, it will completely revolutionise the su-*iir trade. ' For years it has been conceded that the present method of extracting the sugar from the cine is defective and expensive. The . new process dispenses altogether with crush ing and pressing. The caue being cut into strips, the water is first extracted by alcoholic vapour, the saccharine Ixanc left in the cane. This is then treated with liquid alcohoL It is asserted that this extracts all the saccharine, AEterwraxds, the sugar is extracted from the alcohol by being filtered through lime and chalk. K this process proves successful, it will at once add a third to the present production of cane sugar, or at least 1*500,000 tons. Aocobdiko to statistics just published, the stream of em£gn±&& from Getpiftkrtr baft been, steadily decreasing within the last few years, though it still remains ittronger and deeper than in the period between 1873 and 1880. For eumple, in the first six months of the current year the total number of emigrants was 65,315, as compared with 1*0,301, with A4,I4.-, with 117,601, and with 126,180, lathe same sections of ISS4, 1863, I8S2. and 1881, respectively. From the figures it would follow, pounded by the Chancellor in the last session of the Reichstag, that the material prosperity of the Oerman people lias re-entered a retrograde stage, A syndicate of Boston and New York gentlemen are poshing the 'i«.^nf«Mjirp of a very novel and ingenious Tnf**k|'ii'TTr' — an electric clock. It is a Russian patent, but it controlled throughout America by the said syndicate. Its action is simple and little liable to get out of order, and $ts working is so arranged that it is actuated for from tour to ax months without any attention what* ever. At the end of that time ten minutes* work places the clock in condition to ran for another period of from four to six months. It is a perfect timekeeper, and consists of only a very few parts of the most simple construction. Our American cousins **l*-ini for it that it is ' a good thine.' A Pabxsiax paper says a London contem porary has set itself to discover what become* of the old postage et&mpe; — a ^oestiou arhich has vexed the sonis of many carious persons. It was alleged that they were ofdlectpri for the defrauding of the revenue, the post marks being obliterated and tJi6 stamps fe-nsed- Obviously, however, the «Tml| scale upon which each a fraud cooid be conducted would which were known to be collected by the convents. It appears that the convents con vert their pupils and tbeir pupils' parente into collectors, and when a tr^fllin^ ^fiLpipq have been amassed and assorted into countries and values, they are sold to the dealers in foreign stamps, who pay from £14 to £lb per million for them. It is calculated that their retail sale and export to other countries leaves the dealer an average profit of £84 per million. Philatelists will be interested in knowing, on the authority of our Parisian contemporary, that the one-franc stamps of the Kepublic of 1S49 are now so scarce that tliey command about £8 pa-rh. It would seem, therefore that a Frenchman might leave his children a worse heritage than a trnnkfnl of old envelopes. Iron cut nails, says the American Maehijtutt, are fast going out of fashion. Steel cut nails are driving them out. Wire nails are coming into t- ft** with great rapidity, and the design ing of machinery for rnalnpg them is '^'?TPg the inventive ability of many good mechanics. It is the opinion of some who nave carefnlly studied the mechanical and metallurgical progress that steel wire nails are destined to come Into common use in the *if*T future. Old Bessemer rails will come upon the market in large quantities before many months have past, because they are weaxinc out faster than was thought possible in the earlier days of steel tracks. Mr. Masters has shown that they can be melted in an' ordinary cnpola and moulded into good castings, but it is believed that they can be utilised with more profit by drawing them into wire. Old steel rails can be readily worked into wire of good quality, suitable for nails. A mill has been erected in Syracuse for making wire from old rails, bat it 'has not yet gone into operation. How fast steel wire naus will come into use i^pnww^if largely upon how fast old steel nuSs are titrown-npon the market. A cdhiocs adventure happened to *if Guardsman, Trooper Grubb. Trooper Grobb irnjj- a m^n belonging to t^*p 2nd Life Guards. and in some inscrutable fashion lost his regi ment out in the desert. The regiment fame back to ' England, home, and beauty,' butno Grnbb with it, and the soldier's comrades mourned the missing iria.fi and chvb h*m up for lost. This week Trooper Grubb, as brown as a bronze penny, walked into the cavalry barracks, Windsor, startled the guard with the idea of a ghost, duly reported himself, and received an ovation. With real British pluck, Grubb, it appears, when he found out that his regiment had disappeared, quietly sat down to map out his coarse back to the Nile, and by dint of baxd riding, hard fighting and dare-devil gallantry, made his way to the confines of civilisation. It is astonishing to find what depths of obstacles are throvm in the path of their love making. Not long ago, a well-known resi dent of Ararat objected to the attentioas paid to his ilaujrhter by a merchant's clerk. The latter was forbidden the house, but proposed ! a scheme to his lady love for outwitting the I obdurate father, which affords another proof that * love laughs at bars and locks.' Every I morning1 the old man drove into town in his ! bu'*^' ami every morning his daughter 1 arranged the cushions comfortably, arid care- '' 1 fulK* placed a note under them, which her l.-AVi, n ho had a friend in the livery stables, duly received. Every night the old man kindly, but unintentionally carried bock an answer. Daily the flame of love was fanned till three months had elapsed, when one moTBing a note was found on the old man's table, informing him of what had passed and begging him to forgive his loving daughter, Mrs. * Merchant's clerk.' A happier couple could not be found, and the old man acknow ledges that they were too smart for him. — Another couple in Melbourne, similarly situa ted, had .earned shorthand and carried on & correspondence for months, helped by the young man's sister, who addressed bis let* ! tere- No suspicion, was aroused, as the ; daughter was only practising shorthand with a lady friend. A happy marriage has been the result, and the old man 1b going to learn shorthand, for tie convenience of his remain ing daughters. 