WIT, WISDOM, <e FOLLY. " If you want to look for heroes in our days," says a woman writer, "you must look for them in the kitchen." Fact. That's where the policeman spends most of his time when on duty. Timely Precaution.—Officer : " Why did you strike my dog ? He only _ sniffed at you!" Visitor: " Well, captain, you don't expect me to wait till he has had a taste of me, do you I" Wife to husband: "My dear, did you ever eat ,an . : hand: "No, Tnever eat M Mm dish iioi a xru&n; ateti, it you liaven't anything but dishes to eat, why don't you say so." " Can you give me a definition of no thing }" enquired a number seventeen school teacher. " Yes, mum. It's a bunghole without a barrel around it," shouted little Tom Saunders, whose papa is a cooper. A Thoughtful Request.—Master Willie: " I say, grandpa, while you are giving me a New Year's present, please include next year's ; 'cause, you know, I heard you aiy the other day that after this you might never Bee another New Year1" "Now, sir," observed the Judge in a divorce suit, " what have you to say for yourself ? Your wife said she caught you kissing her maid." "I ain very absent minded," replied the man : "I thought she was my wife." " And the maid—what did she think ?" " I suppose she thought so too." " Old Scores."—The Rector (furious): " Some one has been putting soot and grease on the stair-rail! Now, who has been guilty of this uugentleraanly ." Master Godfrey (favourite but cheeky pupil): " I should say you have evi dently had a hand in it yourself, sir!" Result—500 marks to the bad. Miss Roseleaf (who is trying to force a conversation) : " What do you suppose, Mr. Van Noodle, makes our hostess* re ception so invariably stupid?" Mr. Van Noodle: "Aw, weally, I haven't the ghost of an ideaw." Miss Roseleaf: " And all the other gentlemen are very much like you. Yes ; that must be the reason." In what respect doeB a deaf and dumb married pair have an advantage over other wedded couples? They are sure to be unspeakably bappy. An Oregon fanner posted the following notice on one of his fences last summer:— " If any man's or woman's kow's or oxes gets on these oats, his or hers tails will be cut off, as the case may be." The London Lancet says :—" Certainly animals below the order gotten the Biblical herd which " ran vio lently down a steep place into the sea and were drowned ?" Wealthy butcher, who is examining a " work of heart" Fine mellor colour in them clouds, Mr. Palette, very fine indeed, sir. Them lines of red and white all tangled up melted together just like the lean and fat in a Sunday roast." Visitor, to undertaker : " Why are you so sad to-day ?" Undertaker : " I have just buried Dr. Blank." Visitor: "Ah, indeed ? The doctor was a philanthropic gentleman." Undertaker: "He was. He threw many a dollar into my hands." When Sydney Smith was informed that his daughter's marriage was announced in the London papers under the heading of " Fashionable Intelligence," he ex claimed, with a merry twinkle in liis eye, " How absurd ! Why, we pay our bills!" Wrong diagnosis. Physician : " Yes, sir ; you must stop eating between meals. That is what is the matter with you." Patient: " But if I did not eat between meals, I should starve to death." " Non sense." " But I should, doctor. Indeed I should." " How can that possibly be ?" " I board." When a red-nosed man wanted Ms pic ture in an heroic attitude, the artist painted him in the act of refusing to take a drink. " Yes," remarked a landlady, " it costs money to get knives sharpened every week, hut it's cheaper than buying tender meat." Mother (to daughter who lias just given alms to a poor tramp): " Now, what in the world did you do that for? If he i should buy rum with it ?" Poor tramp (overhearing and making a low curtsey) : " But I promise I will not, my dear ma- j dam, I prefer gin." Pieces of wedding cake sent through j the mails seldom reach their destination. What becomes of them is not stated, but it is rumoured that several dishonest post men have recently died in great agony. A traveller tells a story about his stop ping at a hotel one night, and being kept awake by a man pacing the floor in the room above. Occasionally he would hear j a moan of anguish, and at last he went j up, like a good Samaritan, to see if he j could relieve the sufferer. "My friend," said the traveller, gazing sympathetically at the face of the stranger, " what can I j do for you ? Are you ill ?" " No." ] " What ails you, then ?" " I have a I note for five hundred pounds due to- j morrow, and haven't a farthing to pay it with." " Oh, pshaw !" said the traveller, " go to bed, and let the other fellow do the walking." The Illawarra Mercuby learns that ti body of a man, whose name is unknowi but who had been knocking about Bu! for some few days drinMng, was found < Monday, by Mr. John Loveday, in ti bush on the Bulli mountain, near wh is locally known ss " The Elbow." TI body was found hanging from a tree by couple of handkerchiefs attached to strap, which had been placed on one < the limbs. It is conjectured that the d ceased must have climbed the tree, an justed the strap, and then dropped off tl limb, the result being strangulation. Tl body was in such an advanced state < decomposition that it was ordered to I buried after being viewed by the Corone The deceased was a Frenchman, and w: suffering from erysipelas in one of h hands. He had been knocking abot Bulli for a few days, and was missed on Fr day last. 