Amusements. Jest's Assembly Booms. — A concert, followed Jjy.a lecture, was given in West's Assembly Booms $-n Sunday night, under the auspices of the Sunday Platform Association. There was only a fair attend ance. The proceedings consisted of a number of Songs, together with some concerted pieces by the choir, and a lecture by one of the members of the association. Alter jxow pray we lor our country pcim, 'the choir, Mr. Graham essayed 'The Old iSeit6ii,' and Mr. Eose, who followed, could fin^fnothing more original to give in the way of a i&eijbation; than the hackneyed Spanish chief who bnosi upon a time bowed his crested head. WhenMf . Bose had finished the audience followed his example, and 'bowed their crested heads too, although not for iie^ame reason. One young gentleman attempted a ?'caiaiet solo, but the instrument exhibited much more command over him than he over the instrument! After ward came a song and chorus, 'Along tho river,' by Mr. Hume and the choir. Mr. Hume it appears is going to mount the ' sea of eternity.' H he 'wails until lie has learned to sing, it will probably be an anxious time with him. At present he could not do better than rest on his oars. This was succeeded by the lecture, which was entitled ' The influence of breath ing on thought and health,' (or ' 'ealth,' as the lec turer frequently preferred, to term it). Tho address was a very elementarv sketch of the necessitv of breathing in order to sustain human life. That air should be inhaled entirely through the nostrils seemed to be the text of tho lecturer, and the address ?was confinedprincipally to a revelation of this inter esting - fact. Professor Draper had stated in his ' History of the Conflict between Religion and Science ' that the sanitary condition of Europe in the medeevial (sic) ages was something frightful, and it seemed to be the contention of the lecturer that, had the people only breathed through their nostrils, a great number of tho deaths which resulted from these defective sanitary arrangements would have been avoided. Men who breathed long breaths : thought long thoughts, aud men who thought long thoughts could become great mediums or clairvoyants. If, however, they could not take in these long inhalations, it is to be presumed that the position of a long clairvoyant was a. thing they might envy,- but never attain. A lady sang that poetry song ' 'Twas but a. dream ' very sweetly, and after two other vocal efforts had been contributed, those of the audience who had not previously left their seats, found their way to the front door. Opeea House. — 'Bobadil' was revived in this place of amusement on Saturday night. The house was well filled in every part. As on its previous representations, the opera was a decided success. The cast, with one minor exception, %ras the same as it was when the piece was originally produced, and the principals were tie recipients of frequent ap plause. ' Bobadil ' will be replaced on Wednesday by 'Madame Angot;' and on Saturday 'La Peri chole ' will be produced. IiIew Masonic TTat.t. — On Saturday the now Masonic Hall was unusually crowded. Tho large audience appreciated and heartily applauded each successive item of the concert. Among the leading attractions were ' Sunny days,' by Mr. T. H. Bainford; ''When the leaves begin to turn,' by Miss E. Ahern ; and the eccentricities of Charley Dorc, the American minstrel. ' Tie Anvil chorus,' ' with the original 'Christy's' effects, prodnced quite a sensation. Cottibe's Popular . Congests are rapidly in creasing in public favour. On Saturday night the spacious Protestant Hall was crowded to suffocation, when a really excellent programme was gone through. The speciality was the new military spectacle entitled * ' Australian troops in the Soudan. ' ' This was given by the whole company and a specially trained band of juvenile performers. Tho entertain ment concluded with a new farce, entitled ' Shaving mads easy,' in which the leading members of the company took part. Gaiety Theatee.— The production, for the first time in. Sydney, of Piauquette's comic opera of ' Eip Van Winkle ' was witnessed by a large audience hist night. The popular composer of 'Les Cloches de Corneville ' has, in dealing with the im mortal legend of Sleepy Hollow, caught not a. little of the fantastic spirit of the theme, if he has failed to render full justice to its more poetic side, the cause is, perhaps, to be found in the recognised limitation of comic opera rather than in want of genius on his part. ihfi music throughout is very pleasing. Its chief characteristic is a sprightly grace, occasionally diversified by passages of considerable tenderness. Its weakest points are those in which the vivid suggestion of the story calls for illustra tion ; but, as has been hinted, such modified treat ment as this 'portion of it receives may be' in accordance with a preconceived intention. Be this as it may, it is at all events certain that in the famous scene where Sip is confronted with Heindriob. Hud eon and his phantom crew, there is nothing in the music which is much in keeping with the ghostly situation. The spectres themselves seem merely to be taking their pleasures in a solemn sort of way, and for aught that is conveyed to the contrary by M. Planqnette, they might be ordinary mortals indul ging in a masquerade. Heindrict Hudson's lieuten ant sings a song intimating' that he had known the joys of 'lips rose red and lustrous eyes ' in his day ; but that now he has found a 'more rapturous pleasure in his pipe. The draught which lulls Eip into a charmed sleep is presented by a nymph who performs a pas de fascination around him. The liquor is, however, 'craftily qualified', .by the demon dsrarf, who lures '''» up the mountain. The main idea of the original story is strictly adhered to in this version; but a 'good many new details are introduced. Bip is supposed to have found Heindrick Hudson's treasure, and it is when he ifi in the act of making further researches on the spot where ii is deposited that he is suddenly sur rounded by .the shadowy host. . . The appari tion of the latter is well contrived. Hein dnck himself .seems, .to rise. from, the earth, while other figures emerge from the rocks. Bat the stage of the Gaiety is too small to permit of the proper effect' of such' a. spectacle. Sip's posses sion of some of tbe old Dutch captain's gold is made the cause of the former fnViTig xefiige in the Hatskill . Mountains on that memorable night in h'' history. H2b enemy, Derrick Von Slaua, charges him with being a French spy, aad he flies in order to escape being arrested by a party of British soldiers which happens to be in the village. The Grctchcn of the opera is - a. very different person from the Qretchen of tho drama. Instead of being a shrew, she is a gentle, most affectionate, aad devoted wife. Derrick's passion for her is the chief motive of his hatred and persecution of her hngband. Eip is represented by Mr. Appleton, and on the whole with a very creditablo appreciation of the requirements of the character. H& depicts it* pathos and its humour with nice duorimination . TheDatchdi&lect; is very fairly wajmn^ and tho make up of ttie actor is excellent, both in the earlier scenes and fa those where he re-appeaw as a white bearded an& decrepit oldfitan. When Sip returns to -Sleepy Hollow uhtetcher u dead ; but in other jrespeots the opera iennioatets an $he drama 4oog, JMGum ivanova play* Oretcuen in ihe fiwt and necond note, and Alice Tan Winkle, her daughter, in iho iiurd. ifoiliUnpenonattons ace well Kwtolned. Mr. Howard Tinman pi*/* Wick Veddet and, «abte- ftuafy, y«dder'« son, Jan. So fire* a ooatao &4k&o; porteatt -& tfw *ndent landlord of tbo fleirtrfe *XL' fan, tnd also of faia waatmt/st. UTamna T«dder U depictod wffb nnolt aal matioB bj Wu A. JmL Me, A* liwant i» t liujpr»Mty«-. w» Ht* nfllatiHWW Von gloat,, iMM.X^veda&naiEaiadatlaw-looMnjf; soldier mp filn Mf ^g***'*'-iilfltt'WftHW a) Bbotnr lionbtsont *M*JOCiiiA«a*&niiici;?M ewun!aUvdiMerlb«du«scM. ht t-J8MB 'flnf 'Tiwmr of ' *41bt iiittls 'bov »»* pC^pr fir -mj** m^f irv wmrmw mm mfiyvsfi; Among the best things in the opera were the duet . between Bip and Gretchen, ..'-'TOiere floweth the Mighty Mohawk,' and the trio :by_ Gretehen, Eip, and. Derrick, just previons-ifco the. scene with the ghosts. A lively pas .'de }aabpts executed by Mjis Katie 'Martin in the'i'first act is worthy of notice, while it' ma^i be; addefl- ^hat the. pas de j oscillation abeadyVre f erred to was performed by her sister Miss' Aside Marfrin. The piece is splendidly mounted, and pre sents some highly effective ta.blea.ux.- 'That -jwith, which the first actconcludes,.representingE^'sescape from the soldiers, is very striking, and, as has been intimated, it is want of space which prevents i3ie goblin, scene from' being -a thoroughly imposing pic ture. The opera- will be repeated till furthe notice, and willjdoubtless have a long run. . ; . 