PARISIAN ECHOES. PARIS, 3rd October. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Servia is the only European State which has no national debt, and bearing in mind its size, the one whose military organisation is the most perfect. Since her independence her prosperity has been unchecked, her popu lation has more than doubled, her schools and colleges have become the intellectual fireside for the whole interior.of the Turkish peninsula; and yet in 1839 her sovereign publicly confessed that he did not know how to unite. Scrvia is Slav, but dissident Slav, like Greece, and hence obnoxious to Holy Bussia, whose scheming to overthrow the liberalism and civilisation of the Servians, and to make more abject the submission of the Prince of Bulgaria, has been prema turely exposed. Diplomatists have the hardest nuts to crack. The separation of the Bulgajias will not be permitted; still less the deposition of the Prince of Bulgaria, to bo replaced by a simple Bussian puppet. Austria—and, be hind her, Germany and England—will back the dissident and civilised Slavouism, repre sented by Scrvia. How is she, Greece, and Albania to be strengthened? Clearly, by dividing that apple of discord—Macedonia. No one speaks of maintaining the European integrity of Turkey. The Western Powers will not leave the new peoples at the mercy of the Ottomans; nor is it clear what great Power will first advance to the inevitable fray if Bruin waddles onwards. Scrvia, &c.;, are accused of the ambition to be big, and so disturb the digestion of the Brondignags. The latter were at one time voilehls, too; the first king was a suc cessful soldier. It has been by picking and stealing, united to force, that great empires have been founded; and that form of Boh Boy civilisation will continue till the end of the chapter. It was the sword gave the Turks their European possessions. “ Where the sword is, there is faith.” The good old rule, the simple plan, that they should take who have the power, and they should keep who can, is the common creed of humanity. The Servians are certainly brave to have conquered their independence after years of oppression. They may be indolent and sus picious, but they are honest and truthful. It is difficult to deceive them; and they wear their hearts on their sleeves, so Muscovite influences have not corrupted these best gifts of nature. They boast to have no nobles amongst them, for they are all nobles. Their word is sacred. A prisoner for them is a brother. In a court of justice a prisoner will be allowed to absent himself by promising to return, and he will be faith ful to the rendezvous at the prison. Servians dislike oath- taking; they would never defile before their Parliament, as was the habit with the French republicans, swearing to be victorious. They are warrior looking, and of an agreeable military appear ance ever armed, a Servian is not the less the most peaceful of men. The women are not exactly handsome, but they look well in their semi-oriental costume. A Servian woman is always expected to have black hair. In Paris a lady has as many shades of hair as she has of toilettes, commencing with a red, that would provoke the fury of a herd of Andalusian bulls, down to the softest shade of Venus blonde. Many women in Servia, in consequence of the necessity to have raven locks, patronise dyes extensively; the consumption of borrowed locks from other crowns is always enormous. Then she decorates her tresses with all the gold coin she can save; that constitutes at once her fortune and savings bank. To this she spper adds a scaffolding of llovvcrs, feathers, beads, more fearfully toppling, than the most attitudinal head-dress ever worn by Mal ic Antoinette in her most rakish days. The Servians, like the Albanians, retain the Scythian custom of becoming brothers, by the ties of fraternity. Iwo young men, who desire to be brothers by choice, open a vein, and drink a drop of each other’s blood, to cement the imperishable friendship. Un like the Albanian, the Servian has no ven detta. He is a bit superstitious, believes in ghosts, like Dr Johnson: has a weakness for magicians and sorcerers, as some Westerns have for medicines and “spirits.” Every Christmas Eve ho rubs himself over with garlic for good luck; but he has no faith in patent medicines. He respects another old custom—that of the soil being the common property of all, and the best remedy against the invasion of pauperism. Mr Chamber lain seems to admire this Slavonic principle; proof, that light still comes from the north. Scrvia is the true country of agricultural communities; the families are happy and gay. Not more than one-cighth of the surface of the soil of Servia, is in culture, and farming is still in the rudimentary stage. The country is leaping towards Western civilisa tion at the Japanese pace. Belgrade is now an English city, and Chabatzon, on the Sare, is a little i’aris. In the matter of hog manufactures the kingdom beats Chicago and Cincinnati. It supplies Germany with all the raw material for her sausages, on which the valor of the Teutons in IS7O was said to be based. Every man who pays taxes and is of legal age has the right to vote. Kingship is hereditary, subject to a plebiscite—a plan that ought to make Prince Napoleon’s mouth water. All religions are free, but the Greek Catholic is the State church, acknowledging, not the Pope at Moscow, but the Patriarch of Constanti nople, for head. The bishops only are paid; the clergy are dependent for support on their flocks. The property of the monas teries has been sold, and the proceeds de voted to the erection of schools. The Servian army is an organised skeleton, •so arranged that on the first blast of their Font-Arabian horn all the highly-trained men fall in. The king and queen lead the way to death or glory, and the clergy fight side by side with their parishioners. That national army can number 170,000 men—all hating now the Czar as much as ever they did the Sultan. The next check against the European ad vance of Bruin is Greece. She aspires to Constantinople, but may not arrive there as soon as she thinks. The Greeks are not so well liked as the Servians; they’have too much dissimulation in their character. Some philosophers assert it is to this quality must be attributed the absence of suicides among that people. There are no lunatic asylums in Greece, and a mad Greek is as rare as an Helen. They have no relationship with the ancient Greeks, save in name. Thus their ancestors devoted 700 years to build the temple of Jupiter Olympus, and their sons intend to use it as a quarry for as many cen turies more. Albania may fill an uncertain rule, in the coming battle of Armageddon. The sys tem of clans or tribes prevents united action for a common end. They will not even re semble the Irishman who, on landing in New York, observing a free fight went in for it, praying to the Virgin to guide him to take the right side. Albanian customs are very primitive. There is no flirtation in Albania, for if a young girl be seen speaking to a young man her father will likely kill her. Then she has no excuse to be in a hurry, since she is mar ried off at 12, and may be engaged from her cradle. Wedded, she is like the dumb driven cattle; she is not .her husband’s dar ling, hut his slave; she keeps the house, tills the fields, is always active, “ like the weaver’s shuttle,” while her husband re sembles the bell-wether, majestically leading a flock. Belgravian mothers should note that usage fixes the fortune expected witli a Jiancce. at 25fr. But degraded as the social position of that wife is, she could traverse alone the long length and narrow breadth of her country without being addressed an in solent word. True, Nora Creina travelled from the Giant’s Causeway to Cape Clear as slenderly clad as Lady Godiva, “ with only her beauty to guard her.” Divorce law is very seveie in Albania; the unchaste wife is buried alive under aheap of stones by her nearest relative, while the outraged husband is presented with the head of her paramour. In England, that domestic irregularity is settled by a banker’s cheque for damages, or, as in France, by a duel. The death of old people is never regretted, but younger folks are lamented so intensely that mourners go mad with grief. 