St , 1 I U Gee OIL e .!-.! ':I l MIDNIGHT1? ?URDER.t to s (Fmro the Paslto anuntotrelonhiroe Gaetto IS0)',dO t.;:CHAPTER XLII' *" 'A 5nt10u0 .: i heloos A'Asom'nor towo of-emptyobrandy bottles let will'tell ait.as-convideingly, .said Draper 0 with' t"sneer"' +1ly'ibolief is,'. b added day witho srovage bitterne?s:s 'that it- waes our hot curoed folly imeomingiebore that, slew: the oo gaff bn lhe:wliole-hlosi ea l Had :sue kept snd i o' l;dinaono our -cshenme "would not. halve rst miscarried. ;Bsah;Ganrcald,, don't , be whin doe itg -and grovelliiog.there. If' ae were bold coooth t0 o y 'the g??se 'we- shol he lIhve: j plooz enough to lose theo-takelte hForp m lm part; I shan't show the whiteoeather.' pas 'Ye mieht, if the-.hangthiao s o , rope was dangling afore? yer. en,' remarked Iho Gavin, drily. ' : - SOh, say that you will have :mercy,' des cried Rodney, in frantic, abject tone?. , - , ,- . an ( ,on n ltoat mereoydid yeou hoo to. ao oneu to mee tive object of your fiendish.d ruelto, I co would have perishedlat vyo hand in in iufancy dat had youir female companpion not iedl front yeoafor her o saake as well as .lne. On for Gavin 1.iddle you have inflicted uriefand suffering, for which you escoull n?t. atone sur throuoh --ou ronfferoel anesy deaths: and tls George Wilton you trencherously uonsignol lo to the living grave of a oad-ohouse. Yet it tio is of us you ask mercy.' The r?oumonerstion of his various snormities soundeld, ins that voice of denuilnciaioo, like mu the closing for ever of the door of hope. 'o 1t hle who had consigned others thus ( Is rithli-.-ly to death was terror-striekeoi at mt the fate he had incurred, and the 'more At tlhit fate sceied certain the morc frantic- lik ally lid I e efor fircv. 11e grovelled in y30 the dlust before them owith n abjectness qot whlich filld' not only them, 'ht eiven his ges sosuoocite Ierapr, -vithtcontempt. "Seeretly h solthler tliree ere lad to wIitonrs such dli extremiy of fear. for it betoketcd coon- ta plidocc w-itlh the conditions then melant to lef i:iioedi, andt Ldm swa but mains it shol- of cl pitiless iteetison, tlieir rea! ohjct being, as we tnoow, 'to pvrevent public exposure. ? hl t won:ld youo fare. us do?' e le coldly askeld. ."Let T raper and Igo,' cried Garr:ild. "LI will depart to a forei-n lan. nds ir again to seek the shores of kBritain. \ou take pose..-it of the estate. I weillo make no ol',iopition or' eek to dispnte your SIs thiot all.' asked Lem. ']l-ave you' for forgot that (:avin Liddle lies silder the tio ssUpicon of eoer tnnlrler. Yut can receive s no seorey at ois expense. For the sake ofor tihe fsoiflyronorr vnoor ouin and Itnigh( be re induced to pass from charges thoat would inevitably brioo you to the scffoll, "learing of yod is tlie laodhlstof IIin to whol vengeance in ielo?,i s. ?lt ionr. crime against Gavin to Liddle is still in force, and miast he endedl an, either by expiation of othenrise. No longer oil muset he remaion under the cloud of espieon in which for more thnil a year lhas darkened thl his life. If the clearing of his character in tat the eyes of the world can le made consistent fri sith yo:r rescape from ptinlshment at tile re haiclhsof justice e sollell osoe tile olrrercy 0l you seek. If not, then I tell you, Rolney" to OGrvald. no considleratioi for a wretch like tao yon will indtice me to save yon front the fate which your inany crimes so richly te nmerit.' lo ' It call lie ldone,' exclaimed lilolney. n a of gleato of hope rose on tihe blackness o his c despair, cld quickened those powere of th his oindl whitl , fear and dismay hlad l paorlysol. l .' low. . it be done asked Lem, who g knew already the practicable course wlhich I itdlney hod dacri.] but wished the pro- te pesaletocomc r only frtoa ohinself. . t 'Gain .Liddle wohs wacharget writh .the no muurdu. of ianroey: lothoerlrae. No one ii knowa that Ilarve:y Rotlerltam las Rodney of cearuld. I. "oa;opvar.in'.the villago aso Rotherlsam.aaml h?y-i t as a mistake to ?say l that my l]odyy tosy found in the quarry-- a that Cavin' story of tilo watelh and ofd. ani t that took plaoe be twen its waretrsen. Thish will clear him.' .. , f i llo.sill yto accolltt four the fact that b yon disappeacd atd dill not return.at thle b tiome to free 3hr. Liddle frous the false hare r u' '? illdn?elaro t1at I seut abroad, and. l knew nsothling of what Il occurrd-tetl ate on imy.retar to this country I was infornmd; * that a mas hl beu en .tried for nur- t dering mre. anod caroe at once to Black ford to reloo e the suspicion which rests n0 t hiooo.' . t 'Oh. Cousin tlodney, how fertile you are f in falseoodoo.' said George Wilton. Iad youi toatlo l your taluelt to a useful porpoe yo meaight hlave been thel honor of sor fanily instead of its dis- I .gtrLec. ' .ta?i my dplan satisfy yeoo ' he eagerely inquired, carlie nouthug for thie reproacl conveyed by his cousio s words. 'lTeat is for lr. Liddle to say,' replied I Lenl-. Iodney turned to Gavin as the arbiter of blisfate :a Iutllec, ager, soopplicating look, the vcry abjectness of whide oaused a 1 feeloung of loatldhng to rise i theo farmer's soul. (ariin looked at his cruel, sensual, selfishl face with deep detestation, and felt it ditliuelt' to amront forbearance to one -u-he for more than t-wenty years hal made his life end, joyless.- anl of late unboearable, o Hal Ihe onoticil tile lighltest sign of :repntanlce for his many coil:deeds some releotioo, *feeling-wo Ulod Illave risen iol his einll, Ilot he hal waotchol it o wii ell tlhrolgh allIt-e ocse,eml reae that fear of pulloish otent ;lone affetled hico. Snlh cowardlly Sselfishe?los nn:l hardo e.ne impeoitnce steeled fiovino; 1-ort s.-i, a ot hio, asd at tsle "/- , sttAJit; t of aill oat he had sutfrcleat '-orusheee- hbio ac he eouhld a rcptiio.tlnt ii. stusng hlill. -IBt? ho resolutely" forcti -Back t:t.- rising: passion, tad tius addressel 'A o'o'sseaeet Iounh. .. ae- perfect aid eomplete-'-frae the foul ouspioion that your: fiellll inoh |nutity l.as, (ant upon tar, and I 'tell ye piltlytihat if ye fai to do that, t'll Iarve ye prouesl the murdlerer of MIr. \Wilton in'tlhe face o' day. SI'll' not fail,' exclsains IRodney, witlh intense anxiety. 'I'll sliow myself in the village as [arvey Iotlherhan as snon-s ysou -oboosý' 'The ssuo..r thls better,' addod Gavin. .Tioe mrorn is marke't day at llsaekforol, anot tihe mours it ouau be donu.' 'it eloalI,' waes Rudoooy'a 5 phaolotio and coesootool isooo.oio ''fhra'k aasothr tloioo- on whichb es-cry thling lboe depends. c hoc prsoomseo dIts geagol abreola, ncever to Im see o 0a0d or lhearol o' il eotsllllol. se oooano owear aloe neerr to rleak t(e heart or blast tilo life o' Lilly hy eluisl the k(loubhoole og bee prcnutage torerueshher.' - ' That I am mout w'illinog to do,' answrerd I" toonlc', oit!tooot loesitation- . : 'V" Y ceel, on'thae sonolitions I let yd 'free;adl it iSr for hcr sake, nool ihers aloie, I de 'it'; foir.as 3"e may guess, Rodney Gar: e-sd. I bear ye ese guidaill, s'n d "hae. muekli ieoIon to hate ye il' t(oe bitterest heI?r(t-hatred(blost.coedr' ae man load for SA' ?titl 4sitho'; lo oxpnroion of thbe bioost intese sc oorn, disgast, and contenlpt. Cauind Ltldie-tsifed-- hi-'took'nn*- tioe misrcanat o. wLhoseu?detotcl foirse be hoped never agin. . ... to.lo sk. .oo . - - - - - - Ao: AIe Drers"etluh i/oitncd. a co d wstchif l speclator of't(lo eneon ks, hootiost lbthe ompromioe made with Garrole ocoaroEL .io%'Eon tlikinitj ireM'jti fr l lisnint fett i romninent share hle hald lakn in the work-ti ag out of thieqt,Jiu. oJeIervgtkethcrcforo, I uite at his cease, nd stood with sio?aato'i s frontery tile anery liidigalion5 witli which ic leorge W\ilto'i hr turnfed iipon lhln: tih 'You aond I have.a-pretty-hoeay account ti 0 settle.' said the plaittr. . ... I ' Oh, dear ieo,' replied D raper, with con- sn mnante impddenee.-: ' Thedarrangement 't ose made with' y --principil in the partner' t ihiplis a settlement in full pf; all denitaslf , Ip J'theb adoaont is closod ... ... ' Do yb se e these olikh'' askled V iltd?it w trningotlp the wlristbn ds of his' shirt-and , loewing--the rcd;riugs ou his arms ,,..,ia 'Ah ! l suppose-Jao?lcr tiurngodns irae t !talio.beit .so.:m'll a tight" ' may be ronl'vour ntec;t saidmthei plnnter,; hotly ineensei at the, insolence of tlie d eieoiidrel i?o haid ''o 'eomipletely:'dtiipd | nd' betrayed him," anl with '"dittenlty g ntraicidg an':impulse .toe knock lim l down:, i.t - , f'? l 'Not the sligitest' ?-anicee of tha'jan eioked tDoraper, with a Ight dld nins n lagh.t. 'I neverkill a h nt -vc n 'n tie passion.',. .:1 . t i " " b. 'Oh, you only invite him to reci tthejil hospuitaities of, tlgley Hal, aid eonsignl ui him instead to d lieien -',-ov a'i a inogir,,i death atiM elton litose. ! .. . I 'Ha, ha ! I practised thie ruse ibnly oie and egad th result doesn't encourage am. o"" - r c.ts'ns}:n.es,:.i " - . loked to rage, 'you nir the deepet r bioie dangeroes vilain of tie taso.' .,r -p . ,i l As the planter, turned awnay,Le m.strl fornearl and sternly.econfronted hi. hi , ac 'Aibe 1)raper,' you live thislohouse befIji :n sunriseand :foidayur own sake; ans vrell:is'u' hat of yonur llspaiLn in fratled!yonll illo lai well to quit the dlistrict without observa, Don't we ega togeil " -t No ; Mlr. lollison, who is downsteairs nust holl couanl .and. reckoning with :arvald ; tihen iho will k- sla clsey wartchlacl until lie c pakespiili aplicpr-onoe t tlie in' I adl the msarket p-lace as'.frrey ,iliserhauls. After that lie to , sill be freeo toou e o s to gemitleiiien,'is n _ lik?.the in n wsle bywihqt'..vu will ating \--entletenr, we cvan retire.' ' Ovelirawei by loefacs lirnimee odst satern dignity :of. nilasner,-tls I-atllled.couspisltors i sles nu-rlt., ains1 ie'?,eiittheysweore left aldii, athie in oft insOt-lnold liedn: hilnmisg till they wlern' pris6nora. " t lae ?.?ne r As T sit.thcacnsi:-ui,.n ' i 'isa" he over memorarle in the a tinas of llhack ford-a day ma-kidk byeoaiilotion "es-sin-, tions and 'ssitehieiite so oesxe-ordineidn -'d io vasricdl itsn eosaestlint the rememnenbrance or tl?lition ofC it ,iliel, cato eldure to remotest generathions. • " , r - Itl b;aeaily in thle f tirenou in a panic if terror hnd selisterioatin, .irl'hbiiihnokl outn in the Spread Ea gle; and quickly- extended: to the market place, throiged with farondra aud cattle dealers, thereafter to ilae whnole cilla-e, till cvcr3lioidt?d i wiemptied L it is inoiiaithnts, ahd the largi sigiar bpposite' the inn was lockeil by a weihlsly-getienlating iuiltitudle. whose faces were lirat pale irith fright anid their voices hushed int awe,n but grceTdlly the thaim he rghtened i lto jIyors i alrmahs,ei till tc, swhole iinslae cleeol to kaee gose mad tithl dlelighlt., ' The very earliest nanifestaotioii of :tle tremendous npronr nac given by' the' clilnd-i lord of tbi Spread Eagle,: whlo in -the midst ofi,the. hustle rwhelch market day always tile passage with two bottles oftale , at ?Cei anido wthen hey ea liin the esntsntbe liall b figrel tse sight of whacl ar?ested Ihis pro gress, blanched his asce, causedl is eyes to potruhde, his hair to rsea oil en ll, is knees to'knock together; ind' Ils. whole friame td tiernble'with horrifiedl dislilay' ~teare~ i d snisrorstill tlheiawfis apparition came ato him, ill, with a frantio effrt, he bursect:t he spplt 'ciict htuhd ti!,auttredsd a terrific roar e} aidiroppdd thehb isttles nu 'tlm stune ioLr of the ic psigei s it n 'as imarls' and a dinkslii which, with the pieicingyell, bronglst t servanets to uthespot...h . i. ,t Alanted anstonishment stal te lfeeling nith.which they irst'ruslhed into tlhe pasage, but eno'soolier 'had they coias' there and beheld the figure which had- paralysed their ainster than thseyl, ld.. sitt : lhrieks il every dlirection, crying oat that tile glhost,of llassey Rotherhall, the nisrslered player, n-as in the passage. The ladlord would -have ih?l too, lbut'in thle extrensity- of kis terror le had lost the power of ilotion, mid could do no Imore tha stand witll chattering teeth sprtediag out his two fat Ihanls to keep the ghrost hackn till lie eoisld stsnodit strenoes for another roar. ' The supolsof spirit would ill other eireum stalric s h vse eUjoyed the panic which his appearance oad created, but i his: present pisition Rodncy rGarrahl was not in a ioosd for diversitoi. it, therefore, very promptly' Sand impatiently spoke out, i assuring the lat,'lnerd that ehes as no ghost, but ilacrey ltotherauisnt il living flesh atid blood ; that his sunpdosed murder as all a rhistake ;'and thait he hand come to clear ilavinLisddl fronhl fthe absuod charge.. " i it was but slowly that ithe ptrlifed ,boifaee sould realist the troth alof what Is eard, buhat- by degreen it janetrttsed d:li s-ared miod, and 'thebo gh the efleets of- hit II fright cohl not c' shakes off as quicklyl ' t they hnad been prolducd,t oaltahird ret1 by mi lhysterical ecxplosioun, whliclh necrgd? : a series of sild apei r and anotics r S hbe comligin amasn of his yeaarsn le a ~n t otmillic'g--le.s .wllt. s :old bchnavneet c qonsislity unnilmr siIch i shnck af trrorscadi is cii-sellesiint? If tieirutli wan lea apj than ht tliOiigltgt 't first'it' wn-no oti bewilderings or exciting ; aml, as itsn,61° y rushed upon hinn, it caused him to spesll[ a ct like a s lstn dcicntilal. - n BIy thin Cne tlie panine f the 3?g iservants, alnd their stnrtllng dlcrate "? ,j Uasoy Itlssrli-isan ghlost had ap in xl rtesnlts as e have eniotione . -ldl l a ever, thle rumor ehangnl, its- fihot trifyitl eAclrkoctrc and the real stabi of,thietsko ?w: ir: ,'Dle know'n, producing al,-elffct o leass a ex?otiog; p; aeascoi ht clte0 I.' das,,lla 'II .appearedcleano"i'tllo for rceoniiei anil in told his story, wo largely conmposed flit 3-et eertainly truee o far as it regardrtoavid it Liddle'sa. hltlCessness of.t tioqurndle asuch so shouts of joy. and extravagant licki reet t l le at snever befoeo re and ner50 anirt heard in Blelackford. The business i tlie is. market was not -only. ouspitded'but fild id dceit; all ideas of buying co d elling cro gicen uc;. nditlhi coali - hLthoeghe e - r id spokens bont bit theb cro-appei.ra' of Hanreyit 1litlertlam and etls demonsoetsd yidssoeene of Gtait iddle, shlsich HOtiha.l5 te eestified to in- telse fullest and5 cht ? rdntlannstr. His mtern appdasiice iii life's cc pspi- if enoalg that tile elincgn agafinst, y fanner "had Isee false; -bat bhe lo C-llnarnttlr ti -the tcrth of all-taei?nll; a halt doelarod rat isi appekheus ie . ~tsifi:d \-- Nw c-kie ao et.re-aetie Lion;i n aCndia-i- foic ye Strnog coil r-lseoploet Itrywtln.| desee'ipt -otrreSpoetdting to tlia otrongtels aund niC ii: anlitC) of tClietniiiicit sicitht .chichs:ti.le ii hc. brean rriegnl d. Wle t-s rcreC winp~ue ¶espi1 at non'r 1y tele piespli fsel tele iiJsictfnpai hin pity 'c \ Iltslweeeesehsihe'y kpcbksbo-'f ot Gavii. haid sisered; and stront', oards -:ihel; onit?iud hisi-feidsta:dei ss-eidt?'sd' t5 iteas .t dihd ilythought ts tii tresttlssi-tt tobshic be hlsatiheen'-nlbjeatteiict theiar.odan. -il and aoll-asked 7Ic geicrasaosaessarcteen ht sat terrible io3Ghy'ielslslih'dlbii'eliddht-±Ph. cii they nould tanks -ip to Uncie Litddle for Ut Inljstiahelad eidiiur?d. Once more all inu his godyouid ibble qutislitic?w?ere"rrecallidl, ne Ilis greos deeds robearded. his true and the etadfh:friendship -praised, his upright sect cliaracr femembered ;tiand! thbsou eeollce. woa tinoucB e ified thepain of their unkindness los tbno'sahU .. . ..- aid t htj ) :'~~rywnas raisel, "To Weiter Moi l," esterside."., ,It; nao iostantly jud t~?ilsand echoed by hundredsof throats. veo 'till thýne h .ceut d tli? ifollefted e'dititude ric1 iiPt -wmnicn e Andl children--rushed, like, a guil qrptgwave.aloeg the street to .thel high- li v la;, liii' e ti village' lmostt'a solitary iat iaidest-. 'Porwari they ivetit ,along the.: 'nc . oatdlibu.;,aflying, squulrpn, co, mF t. t?"ut'sprcldingi td loniger lihe as the ?&terfthenuih; iir tcd by ttl eiagerne-es I a?Algenissene ,o. jd.ut'alieadof thle rest,, and tht , hooner they might .reach th objeuct dt ihrddemo?s'tratiio 'n ieol b" tie jlieraild diih eredres d'aiiied' ratioil us tlib pnu id ntl aIi :yet '-joyful people "felt inipelled Ito te oihs mn inrpirong spectaide to behold a lI altitue ored to nactliofi by so iil ii I mop m'hlsc. D eep iitbho soul f 'oftianh'inenitli tfoc t'tb overlying -cinstof"'elfisfineo ands sin or ihre is a sensd of justice auilda lovrcofright e iosoeb, whenlroused by'. some uiprenmic 1 t i(mnstouce bursts into glorieuas ma ifeLsta- . o, rhoirinOl' that the 'e;l gidiiid"of iy imanity isosound anndtrue, and prophesying tell tlhoightfut hearts its: redemptioun;aol n heo altatieo frotn thi vice nd corruption into, see lichieithasfallen. If:rundr the iflluenicet y .s t tLt . ~ Iitudie io he pesily' ole ahtced Ltocry 'ecify him I crucify hihni ma there are times too, hen i the. firmer lus Fi the ascendeuney, promptinu to hosaunuahsand. cclamatioune, and while execrtitunt of. of hnilntncl lts;sious ore '.iehmi·eniut i 'their inreabnig' lierentese, 'mcthlinkue they ore bil oIt solitennsly earnest otaLenthusiastiC as ni ti ontbursts which eoic as' a trilute to er gteousuels eanld equity--called frth in till .econseoiouioss of'ereor, uider 'fceling of bil t:entence. Wlien Hfmanityy paoys oiunge you wGood it is not only: lhoditiful exceedingly :.far hioartierin tihe soerice than wlen it ore l s the kiee to Ilaasl. l itch a "tiprciii curifeistLnc had ilomciito ac ile the'bigheri n-enrcm of the' people of elt lklord;:m nid- responsire.to tahe divine Ls iozilsol:whiel halde been, stirring within Ii th? they imold haie etay to ietersidme hea toni only; proper point 'for' i' display. Thjcwns spreo d as theo dt\eiiced"e and, theo i sivors f h-the' fihldsi.and.inhabitants -ofw n\ nle cottages left, their iemploy m nts to W oisir?ie throng, the coming of. which neas dciseased fieou afar" by' tlh 'iniates ,of "eV?'sidee n o whliile astonish'ed :at first yo secret no loss to know tile' nieamiug'of this pipsi displaye.. All, the forenoon Gasiti dl ndi.t rest erre wondering sehat wouli be tit the ?ft of IIaorvey otterltaiit's apjieariticc by in thcllage.athil tlhl'hailffn ectiete d th'ut .w faircof'eir'fonier friends waoull coieno'np i with il of hostfcnugratulatiou. ,lut ir an oivatn like thli tl.cy.nevcr dreamt of th nidwil hi Ga s e ti t Imh ie g iiass ofn e ro yeople al l iaoiul sthontifi?g 'uhich' thei" co could nl:snppire l'i o:trembla and. turne to palca namould hareo gone to hide hlimself "had Griy ald. Lilly not restrained hiu.mr Theyriti were surprised at the larguenss of t ,the crori: eot, 'uuceiiestidi?ig ho": deepi it niil fMlin thldspirit which animated tlit; fl their Blense thrilled svitl cemltions of :pricde i andi joy, a.ltheyaabl to theluselvecs and to ieach othieriat it wis rcnleriug Gavii no in more'tmbn t is dae for olIzt at lie hadl inder= gone. So icy kept inl by thleirside, and e Ito jvohen thlva of theiproeesaiou drew rla fr thc.lious tly. wnt to the door to teet the w people re. ". . 'Tlie mnon?it the': aplpured tlie' most ph tremnedoiu s lonts 'rent 'the air-startling t tihe unutloioelue pastnres, wnt:culdsing ,thie' h workern itles fieldls bieyolnd to rusto at steaing tho eiti srlhat loid liappone. lo Searer anb!ouder 'rose the she"outs, It eo uate le swavriutu of hats atd haud- pt kcmli.i soundls of -niece, .'moireld g i v o.--Oitetneat antd tl ['lie feese of . -r n to lhadllong'aselo ante w iOalion ing forth on Gas n vtlh e radiancr e fn kindly i Sfeeling, ot ..ined with shame for then w suspicion tie had hleld. Eormardthty Uy cim in a mell ntrush, surroiedinm hinI G o e sry s ome sking his right hhl, tl somee hism I soncm? in the:ardour of-their si ifeelungs.crjnemtg lhin, imaoy iwitl .tears soliitin, i forgodes, nd i all lcon: gratn fotl, a h icer styaint crsity, lifte the ucnmbe, ncreased thosehwho'iseedb t d t get near.iGavin seizeDon Gla zriz y and t Lilly, ai mado them the objects of their v g rolmeauer onstrations-the recipientso i ri ldiitl s a delight which. snet all I molei ti at deli ntde. WVlhat a: piltd; v hippy rnent itwtin for Gritzcy to see her I a Srt ip6ae anilreproach thus removed; r f tom e ismitluehltraise from the dust, [I "httis wi[ lrec, his eye fhoilyi; mneecthg te f Sof tdIeum-se; hris cleh flnshel idritli thea fjory deidptdioi.- his great beart-full of i fd eeliad emootion. -ie strove to speak I St .ks of his grateful soul but it was P esnoleoo try nto make: hiiself leainl aiuid f I th ty din.-?All lid could do to express itoasaefaelio was to Inle n -on all roe ndil etlit rncu, the,; warn ., preoureof the s ilschicl' graspedlhi~,.nat nhow by I it aesylr ifih leasetd lie Iwas iy their' I .1 pllc°ed ovation, his linpd being that I y sus t thle exciteinent ' noultln? subside, I ta l iilmuness aid quietness:, begini . to I p" yturn. t Bit the enthusiasm- seemed rather to it creae talin bsisde. Tlhe farm servants alaving' atligt le nmgthlrid the'c.4use of tie 'oiecotiou beame etiv inmore frantic with Sdelighlt, as their nearer - connection itlih to/ hin u ,Liddln;warranted.l. Chief. amongu aece sore slog anid Juock especially, Msg, i i daoued, ' leaped, and "shouted 'like a 'icing 'eosnbssil c;iexlaiuincu" s'eueroosly, f hDidna a tell- yo:a':i the .nmaistee? was tuocentt? .Ye.;wasdua belicye ce,¶yc coofe; ut wlez's richt uon. Josk,ye oumpli yo s monist as' hbad'eas oi?y o" theml . Whi s ricbt, and "slha nas isvroig?' Lid, I aim bire: forrit" and c ahakenmaster's The sight of. Sag.drivung.rith hierstrong ianisthe people rigiht and left t' reaci liher uimaster and tie wild 'gladuhes?'witli' bishi she greeted him" eomnuuiceatedlfresh ardnlonr.to the crowd, andimade them betout a still more. cmphatiic deiinnotration. A, sp?ing waggon which stoiii nndici: a "sied wase drawen forthi;' adloieni lusty `ars lifted (CGavini into it; a longrope was attaehed, and bff they set: in triunmpli to, the village, the I:elhiclet being ,:isiu?uIdc.by. fthe ;dense isnultitude, whlo puesheil and pulled s'with seuocifeous cheers. N'esr'fdid imnutiel? ir, Svictor' :frmii the"'"battlefiel! receisic I greater honour !or i more,-, unbounded applause. '? :.,t ...... - If All this.honour Gaiho bor very meekly, though, w5ith -c' sivellin lIeart;' forit did cob:0n t a 'ialsain-of.heahng for' hi?. rWunded 'Sjii.ut i.il' siici'atohement itas Walpossible ° fuv:tL.oshame and ignominy of'.the:past nontlu.: They. hiadtreated himl harshly ehile believing. liin to bm,.guilty$ Now, tlhaL'tltey kncf'he lieasee indcente t they" I dbiight:to mIkcm aundnds` to the utinost;" anti theie preednt kindlness' swnt far t obliterate, from Iris mind .the :hootincg,,nndloxcera tions .with whlichl, he: hail. -once. beeni S'assailed.'" Enterin 'cthe mill is thtis' tut.m"lata flohiti.t uiin' to a ntsicid in the ni.rket "plee, 'ii froietof tlh:eSpreiol Edgle;"whieh, front its. perhu!aohce!l the, dear,': seemed ,ready to lapP itsi :mingsJ-ad.nhare, iu thin ehijeuiin; tlitir erelin c nedrpectnit nilende,' for'-"0GA?n Iadlnl' touedl iij in"! his :plane 'I nd ,.lookehl?. asi,, if:.:ho- le isher.h' to Si "Frccuildeuutaeliaiitaneeoi-h .begaii,, and.hi bi. r'biummt fir sien c lm bnitt ssojhii'isd'hlinu sitngI'i thisn.' d'pirudm':anil Sjoyful day ,to'mes t"The irial.I li-se r:enle Doias been podr to tluoleoaiud!amlthe weeks nad' n05unythus paued on ]" .tI..lioje my.ny isinnoeiec ir.rr uiin aslt'd me" ii) ertlg emoneincc and o' tIhe thioucht that my B, inniocence ins iclied in by' them tha arc op nereist diiil drliiest to -'en andilionned' :l del the Great God to whomil'alll heaerts'mitn< sediets'airc ope ;'but;' ohl, 'my 'friends, it th woas'ha'd' t -c the h rferti facas Tor the loathinioIols b' tlos' 'thao'anco hoanourerl andti tnted'ni':e"I blam'yo e'notir that. Mony things were against men, and if ith 'pa judge anti .:jry rwha.r triedmo.'r conldna dti "entire to say: I wasn, innocent,' L hailn?te li riclt to expect.thatitheranwadl think Iwta et guiltless. Blut thanks be,l to God Ithui in no His nin guid time the,;troth has been madi e .m ananifest, an dithattI.now stand ;betore thc res oiarld:freed bo'the dreadful chargo,o' mnirder net -tlhe.blackest and! cruelest criminethat'ol!ant 1i ela commit' 000"iil r ;i" SerCo Gain' voiuoiwasn drowned by .load and prolonged.hurrah,i neud owhen tlhim htdol nihsitledagain ho added- :.- tin of. Ilanen..ona words to, thankye,,for, th .r enthusiastic satisfaction yehoe manifestit atco ihe disoseory o'.my ,innoenceori . or r,the re greatuess, o', the hanoir.ye hai.nthis lay ee lapedl on mo!;nbut.fromthisaday formardI 1 hope to, take omy.iplaceamong:ye as.at fornner tiines-at kirk and market,iud in, th nor meetina's o',i fellowship:;',and. if the r remembrance o' the dark, past clings to Ine, b Itrustitsal influenc.,vwill be to.imake me n ri humble, and', to .walk,. safely i a'.the rest o;i . ily.days:.; And now;. my friends, as some " return for the kindness ye hac shown, I am Ga about to, tell; you a secret, wlioh musnt her a hii secret ne i longer; bht I. am sure it will gie yo as, mockle satisfcion' as o lhne" had already .. -'.Y a'. ken i tha 'fine -yoti matl that I hale broochl ,up-Le l iairley. . ,, : r " 1 , .. t?.. A burst of clchee was the emphatic anawer " of hislisteners.-, .. : , N. " 'M1ony o' ye will remember hloo I got him, W but naebody kenned who,he belaonged to- t naebody but Elspeth :Raymond-?nd flr Ga certain reasons she hasna divulged the secret Li till now. N:w wha does .e turn oot. to lIel but, Mr.. iltou's lang lost son--he i Othe young laird oi+,Elmnlie.' Savinn paused :fora. moment or two-the crowd was dumlb witl amazement . then a shout broke forth,, and ,fortl-no'ith..ensued another , outburst of excitement , not. less in extravoagant than those whichlhail preceded, 1 t1 mingled witht cries of. 'Long life. to.htn.. bl Iles wdrtlhy o :the inheritance. I Wlere isn m he..whereishb!',e ?,, 'He is at Elmslie Mansion wi' his iuncle,. a Mr. George ,Wilton who. owns, him, and T will hand. ower the, property wi' a'. gde- st i 'uHrrah hlarall, up to the big looee, lt lns, and gin hearty; cheers? for Lem .the II young laird " "l ,; ,, . ;, , " This stuggestion ,sahouted from, a,dozen' i differentpoints; is acted on;, In,an instant g the rope attached tolthe waggon is tightened. ti by its stalwirt Jii lletr sid the wai gon wlheeled roun-n i thd i a sudde-nne- isslichi ti rearly capsizes thel nnproparetd ain; wliho g dIrops into.;lli: seatwittl a jerk, and away a they go 'iih ret weial shluting along- the tl roadJ totwards Elnslie. Flags and banoers b collected in the village had now beei added h to the procession, some of thehi being borne si cloft and waved byvpeople iio tlie cro'id, ti while others were fixed' to the waggonii thus II transforning "it into a, triumphal car, which it truly was;-and' under the' folds of the giy' flags the glowing. and honest face of Gavin a noio like anrad'at sun. That tlieir comineg ias seen and its mei- Ih ing understood at the Mansion was inanii fested by the unfoldirig'of a huge flag' o the t tower, and "whei the procession came. in t front of the building Mr. Wilton and Lent t were 'stationed at the entrance prepared to receive and 'respond 'to thi enthisiastic plaudits of tho' joyoe'sthrong.' Tle tiglht of Gavin thnus elenvated and eseorted filled thoe heart of Len withlindeseribable' rapture, and all tthotights of hisi own exaltation were lost in the pride arid joy of his hea t be:I holding his benefactor thus. .rc public hotu r, the dark clonil"of gone for er, and:his noble char. t.tedointh linght o day, nature ove'iowed iu all' itas": ldeliveredil speech ecvry senteh was receivl withtlunders of ap ttnO while lie. .ths; riveted nnive Gavin seized lthe opportunity to the waggoi .and make his' way up .teoLem side, when the two 'grasped hands owith unt utterable meaning: .'": - r," .After, his uncle's address was finished Lem vwas obliged to saya few words also, and he did it in malodest, manly'way, , vhicla won their hearts. ;Not one, ofidlt. those with whom. he - had, associated on: c equal n mand inferior terms grudged or envied him: his good fortune. Thi ,uniniversal declaratiel was that he deserved it all, and would adorn :the rank to .which the acknowltlg ment of his birth hald raised him. ' Gentle men,'n coneluded Lem, with a fine!burst of feeling, 'if there is any -ood in me, asnyou are kind enough toSa f o iti.a to a lly gnuardian; friend; and .benefactor, Gavin Liddle;' . ' : 1 ..:.:ih: ,-r.. :To end a! demonstration such as. this 1 gracefully: and.well is no; ey matter; but mGeorge; Wilton anucceeded admirably in I doing it by handling a large slin of:money, to one of the-leaders,. rtiththe. intimation i-that it., was'to be spent ingproaid"ng feast for them that night in the iillage. Thus t the. crowd was ,dismissed '"with. eclat, and the people on the estate having also received a handsome gratuity went away.to rendl the' day.in:mirth and jollity. -';. '.'. . o While these extraordinary demonstrationsu a weren .'being made, where was !Hfarvdy o Rotherliam--the miun whose appearance hald Ii led to all the joyons commotion? "In the Ii nuiierosal excitement he had beed lost sight g of, but when the people returned to Black-, ford iu someiluat calmer :iioo"l: they 1lidgan a to inquire: after hiim; Wahen the information SwIs given at the Spread Eagle that hin'stay ti theie had lasted, only au hour, that he' hadl lefot as quietly an he had: come,' andi. hid intimntedo whlln ie departed' that he would i 'visit Sotland'no'more. :In this there was I matter for a little wonder," but it was not of Sanstrong character, and was soon : forgiotten ih" the' enjoymtent of- the' grand eleer pro g vided by Mr.'Wilton'd bounty.: -Those who r remembered Harvey Rotherlam's ability to io entertain 'a company regretted thatie'lhad o gone witlhotu sharing in-the: festivity and mirth, but no greater "'importance wao Sattached to his" suddenideparture!f Bymand os 'y; whentthey'had titne to recall facts, they d "e"-oni:ito wonder, whose body:it was tiat i 'bladhbeen found in Greystonud Quay:dressed to ii gariments so like HarveyIRotherhamn' as so to lead:.to the belief that it teas: the~ orps' ih of the player.. rA few conjectures were ur hazardedon this head, all of them, of coturse, n were wido of the mark,.and as they tadl .no d meancs, of-, reachinglthe,,truth,. tlhe,niteaigui soon ceased to.engage.their,attention. :,l! I y, The dancing, the mirth, the frolic,: an id the fun wero-carried-on-farointo the nighll d- butat last tiid hours and the sceneso ,o thC Ie memorable: day came to a'; close, .leavinig at ivivid memories' behind them,',to ensue, tie ly. transmission of their, description,..to. the to, 'children and the children's children of those yo who had been eye and ear witnesses of tlie' same. - .....-' . : ? to It was not :thun tlit tle in entful day a- closeild atElmslie or WVesterside; Not withl ci feasting and mirth, thldugh a?either; with sorrow nor fear,- for the olight had comeon at which dispels' sorrow and' delivers from. the et fdar.of suffering. Yetwdro. tho hearts of Ii; 'tome full :of- strong overmatering feeling ed 'andian emotion deeper and more profoelnl ie th~oi' had ldged in any tosomt that lay. af 'ithin' tihe lenst· tweety-foor'rboors tain, i, iad received nmore than one sholoek of stranoge, 'e thliilliog. 'joyful surlirise, lbuti tOie- latest to hlich Iad comne to himi toclhed.dim n 'iu'? astrongly thlniatny, of Ohs preceding, miot ma, exceptingthe momnent whcle.tho, renehllitie wit ' nic iulo" athat - his. innocenoce had..heICu disioveredl: Whiti?wa it thatlthus muniid. ~t5' him ''t.Iwas tir ohe~kiunwledgn'ithat, Elspeith cii Hcymolid:twls-:Lily Rosedale.: Lem.lhad ito inteintioiiaof .cinmuoniieatl?ig'.te' Gavincthins iy implortant secret. Nay;in naccordance:withu tl' EIsjttlh'Osstrie,.intiantionsc-lihn?ie t o nlmohvi sin refrlfly rofmiiei!l-..iouni?doing, .soi'ilnlu ny George Wilton had a atrong and decided_ opinion that it wns entirely vrong amitpl 'defrnauding of both their hcearts to hide her thus from Gaiil's eyes. ' IHd 'iva' certain thltlihich joyIwould' flo' froin ' revelatioh of 'ti~:traith; and that Elspethli acted from h ionorbhhidail imhginaroy' feaor in:'seekingito hide Ihr ide'ntit? f'ib him ?hl in tho for past had loved her so much. -Tlhe planter did not ,anticijittt' that, ?veon: were all olibstles removred, 'pcrbsnal:recognitibn add rciintii woduldlen¾d in m?iariage.' Aident aind'liopeful"lthohgh' he wa'; he- shadi an' instii~ctive' feeling'that ',though love otill resided ii':the"lcearts of both,-their longk separation and its cause made such 'a'late. ilarrn?agr imjpossible:: ' "oBt," though tlhey woold neve?i'morry: they onull' enjoyioueli Avcred communion??evitl.p.ach other-they doald;lp morettocaclt other tl'ing the rest of tliiiearthWl nejqor tha?u all the friend uIrbo?djthelii. howvver kin i?id'ti''; aii~d?? convined r;bf: thin, G?ore', wtilti?uo, resolved' to diiregal. Elspetlih''ill-judged; feeling ii the maintter, ad tell Gavio the` aomazing truth. First, though, he had soil ,,ontroversy withi Lfem, ho?oa'u startled at the thought o of disregarding lElspeth'so oft :repnted.anid iatoniscly: eainest :injnctiou . bhut' Mr.1 Wilton's, arguments prevailed; to bring the youthi to the saee. view'; and, ;helievinm that itiwas ý doing both of themi,an ilestima.ble kindness, her conseited that. Gavin should have the revelation madeto. hiin. 'On th6 moirow Lem meant to'proceed to:'Glenr"le, in :t te solitude of iwhich: Elis. peith had taken up her.abodec;iawiating intelligence from him; there to.carry toher the tidingsoof the joyous events pnd-drict the glowing scenes which that day ilhad witnessed; -To theseo il happy tidings he would now: have' to add the intelligence which? would startle and affect her.most that her idhlentity was nio lonoger hid,'from Gavin Liddle, that he now :knew her to. e LillyRosedale. ' ' , : :K. . :,, : (Tohocontinued.); : 