FICTION. (Vron. K«Kllib, American, and olhar^Parlodlcalt«) i^ i H j i i -A-, " CHAPTER XXXIV. FOUL THSACHBBÏ, When her temper cooled, Roselie regretted that she had displayed it so freely before a stranger. Sbe waa also sorry that ehe had said so much to Higbbig. She bad a horror of being deserted by him. Perhaps a premonition of what was coming warned her. ' At all évente, she retired that night feeling gloomy and depressed. Her life bad been such that her own thoughts could not be pleasant comp-lions, Horrible visions haunted her, ghosts of her dead pist. Shd had blighted lives, broken faith ; yes, and worse than that. No woi,dt>r she sought escape from the "worm [ that dieth not." i She took her usual dose of the drug by which she obtained the longed for oblivion. L That eight, instead of sending ber to Bleep, it i seemed to excite her. [ A host of thoughts rashed and surged through her [ brain. , Her conscience, long silent, woke, and remorse 9 gnawed her with serpent fangs of poisoned venom, ' She walked about the bouse, unable to rest, 1 She thought of waking the slumbering child, but [ dreaded to meet the innocent gaze of her eyes. She spent a night of torment, and as morning dawned woke from a feverish doze with an aching head and feeling of deep depression. She drank a cup of coffee, and put away the rest of her food untested. Lela looked at her in silent wonder ; she seemed gentle, and spoke kindly to her. All day this mood lasted. In the afternoon about three «'clock an express team drove up to the door. On the waggon stood o very large leather trunk. " Darcy has kept his word," said Roselie, in sur- prise. " I did not think he would, but here is the trunk full of dreBses," Two men carried it in, grumbling over its weight, "You needn't growl," said Roselie, in an excel- lent humor. "You have no stairs to climb, and you shall have a glnsB of beer when you put the trunk in its place." The gentleman said it was to go in the bath room." " All right ; bring it in." '? The bath-room was large and the bedroom was small ; neither room had a window ; the only light was from the doors. One door of the bedroom opened on the parlor, another on the dining-room, and another on the bath-room. The bath-room had two doors, one on the bedroom, the other on the dining-room. In this room the heavy trunk was deposited. ' " Now for the beer," said the expreioman, i Roselie handed bim a pitcher, and he brought it, i " Where is the key ?" she asked, as the men drank tVeir beer. " The gentleman didn't give us any key, but he gave us this letter." The} handed her a note, which she opened and read, It was plajfully wordered, and ran thus : "DEAEKBT ROSEIXE,-AS you are so tired of your old dress, I send you some new ones. I will be home just as soon as I can get away. " Don't be impatient, love ; I'll bring the key with ! me, for I wish to superintend the trying-on process, Put the trunk in the bath-room. Don't try to open it, for the lock is a peculiar one, that can't be picked, " Watt for me to come, and I'll be with you as soon as possible to see how you look in your new dresses.. Then you will give me the old one. Yours with love, " DABCÏ. "P. 8.-Don't attempt to open the trunk till I come, "D." Roselie read the letter with a happy, smiling face, " Sign a receipt, ma'am ?" "Oh, you were not paid P" " No ; the gentleman said you'd pa; us." "All right; how much is it?" " One aeventy.flve." " AU right. Sign the receipt." She paid the bill, and the man who had moat to say signed the receipt. She put it in a common vase that stood upon the kitchen mantel. . She also folded Darcy'« letter up small and placed it with the receipt. She busied herself preparing a nice supper for the gambler. Six o'clock came, but he had not arrived, Roselie gave Lela her supper. " Now you will take your bath and go to bed," ehe she said, not unkindly, She wished the child to be out of the way when Highbig came home, " Very well, ma'am," replied Lela, obediently. Roselie took her into the bath-room and Bet the faucets running. While the child undressed, she got ready soap, towels, etc. " Oh, dear ! I've forgotten your night-dress," sho said, impatiently. She left Lela alone in the bath-room, and went to the room behind the kitchen to fetch the garment. Ae she. opened the door of the small room oc- cupied by Lela, a scream from the child startled her. " What is it ?" she cried, running back in a fright. Lela stood trembling, her little face with terror, " Wüai's tua matter wnb you?" naked the woman impatiently. "The trunk ?" grasped Lela, pointing with a tiny, shaking finger. "What about it?" " Something moved inside the trunk !" " What nonsense! If you talk any more such stuff, I'll slap you." With these words, she turned and left the terrified child. Lela controlled herself, for she was a wonderfully strong-minded child. j She knew she had not baan mistaken in eupposinß I that she heard a noise in the trunk. She had never heard any silly stories of ghosts or fairies, so it was not a superstitious fear that con- trolled her. She listened intently, but all was still. Roselie returned with the night-dress, and bathed the child. She then conducted her to her little room behind the kitchen, and put her to bed. The supper had grown cold by the lime this was done. It was eight o'clock, and Highbig had not come. " Hb'll not be here to supper," said Roselie to her- self. She felt disappointed, and could not eat, She took up a book, but soon threw it down, for she was not fond of reading. Nine o'clock struck;-ten - eleven - and then twelve. Roselie felt weary ; she had not taeted food all day. She took a dose of laudanum, and threw herself on the lounge. She bad not intended to Bleep, but tired nature asserted itself. She slumbered heavily. An hour passed-then another. It was two o'clock. Roselie lay on the lounge in the dining-room. It stood against the wall, and faced the door leading into the kitchen. Tht gas burned in the dining-room, buttha kitchen, bedroom and bath-room were all dark. The woman slumbered on ; she did not hear a elight grating noise in tbe bath- room. The noise grew plainer, but she never Btirred, A slow, stealthy footstep crept out through the darkened bedroom. A bulky form emerged into the light: A man stood over the slumbering wormn. In his hand something glistened-a long, sharp knife. He faced the woman now, with hand uplifed, All through the house hung the dense silence of the night. No eye saw him ; no voice was raissd to prevent the crime. Yes, one witness saw him, though she could not Bave the wretched woman's life. Little Lela had risen to get a drink of water. She moved about quietly, for Roselie was so severe upon her that she was afraid of diaturbing her. She saw the man as he stood in the dining-room, She saw the man, bat she did not see the knife. The murderer stood just below the gas-jet. He was in the act of listening, to see if the house was still; Satisfied that all was safe, he stooped over the slumbering woman. He raised his hand, and with one quick thrust of his cruel knife into the heart of his victim, he dropped his murderous, weapon and fled. The child did not witness the blow, She had noiselessly crept back to bed. Fortunately for her. If one movement had warned the murderer of her presence, her life would have paid the penalty. Roselie gave one convulsive start, then sank back lifeless. The murderer returned to the bathroom, and put on his shoes. He then closed the trunk in which he had been concealed, and locked it, taking the key with him. He came out into the room where lay the body of the murdered woman, and, stooping, picked up the blood-stained knife and thrust it into his pocket, Ha then oDened the door of the kitchen that gave " i egress on the yard, He passed stealthily through the back gate, After fumbling awhile, he produced a kep, opened ' the gate, t>nd, after looking cautiously around, emerged, He locked the gate, and replaced the key in his pocket. ' He walked two blocks till he leached Third Avenue, Here he took a cur, and rode down town as far as Canal-street. There be got off. After proceeding a little way, he paused before a shabby-looking house; The lower portion was a second-hand clothing store. The upper windows were closed with heavy shutters. Opening the door, which waa on the left-hand side, Rupe Long, for he was the murderer, ascended a flight of stairs which were dimly lighted by a vilely smelling oil-lamp. A door at the top stopped his farther progress. Here he tapped twice in a peculiar manner, This place was a low haunt, and none but the in Iitiated could hope to gain as entrance at that hour. A whistle sounded, and Long repeated his knock. Then the door opened slowly. Inside a dirty room a group of men were gambling. Behind them, looking on listlessly, eat Darcy Highbig, He rose as soon as he caught sight of Long, "I'm coming," he said, eagerly. The two men left the house silently. " Well P" said Highbig, when they had gained the street, "Done!"replied Long. "Good! ï ou did it neatly P" i " Rather I Fork over the wind." Highbig drew a roll of bills from his pocket, which he handed to the other, Rupe Long counted them. "I say, none of that !" he growled, savagely. " I know. It is fifty Bhort, but it ia every cent I have, upon my life. I'll give you the rest if you'll meet me at Blind Hooky's cellar at ten o'clock to- night." " If you don't, by-" replied the murderer, with a fearful oath. " I will ; don't doubt me. Now I must go." He hastened away. Day was breaking. He did not see a silent form that crept softly out of the shadow of a high building. It did not follow him, however. It shadowed the murderer. A slight form, with a boyish face, plainly dreseed in dark garments. Highbig rode up to Twelfth street. At the corner oE Third avenue be got off and walked to the house where the tragedy had been enacted, It was six o'clock now, and the yellow dawn of the winter morning had begun to steal ooftly over the city. He opened the door with his latch-key, and walked noisily through the hall, Be walked into the kitchen, Unce there, he culltu loudly: "Lola!" The;chi!d did not stir. Again he c.illed ; "Lela!" He never called Roselie. " What is it ?" udked Lela, opening her eyes sleepily. " Is Mrs, Highbig awake ?" " I don't know," (To be continued.) 