SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. -m-? - RACING. The Nagambie Turf Club and Dargalong Turf Club entries close on Saturday. A proposed match between the steeple- chasers Lady Ashton and Studley has fallen through. The commission said to have been worked this week for Prometheus was not for the stable representatives, they not having entrusted the horse with a smiling. The following were yesterday's V.R C. scratchings a Vengeur, Forward, Phaon Lorraine, Fishmonger, and Ironahaft out of the Derby ; Hawthorn, Tissue, and The Andes out of the Cup ; Banty out of the Oaks ; Procella, Campanilla, Krabcssj-, and Tremulous out of the Derby and Oaks. Mr Joseph Thompson jcsterdny'collerted over £120 from members of the Victorian Club, in behalf of the widow and children of Captain Barnes, who was drowned in the Murray whilst attempting to save the life of his son. It is now almost a positive certainty that Nordenfelt will not start for the Derby. Sister Unice was scratched yesterday for the Wagga Derby. TnD BETTING MARKET. A few important items cropped up yesterday in betting circles, though business is yet far from animated, and it is not likely that there will be any concentrated movements on the Melbourne Cup, Derby, or Maribyrnong Plate till some time next week First Chester was the medium of two wagers to the extent of a couple of thousands at b to 1 for the Derby, when 7 to 1 was the best offer. Winchester was also backed to win £2,000 at an outside price, and there was an inclina- tion to support Remus at the same figure, but 100 to 8 was the best offer. The run on Louise Berta for the Maribyrnong Plate caused Acme to case down to 1 to 1 offered. The principal features of the Melbourne Cup wagering were the continued support awarded to Kit Nubbles, Sheet Anchor, and Despot Over £7,000 was secured about the first-named at 20 to 1, when he jumped to 100 to 6 offered. Sheet Anchor was backed to win two thousands at 200 to 13, the same amounts being booked about Despot and Lord Exeter at 100 to 8 and 100 to 6 The foregoing, with the exception of doubles and trebles, exhausted the business. Quotations: v rec. prime. 2 to 1 agst Nordenfelt (off) 0 - lassooing (off) 7 - 1-1 that Chester (off) 7 - Thunder! on (off) 10 - Dunlop (of 10 - Uralla (off) 100 - Remus (off 20 to 1 lid) 20 - FW Lanchester (to) MAIllliUlNOSO MATE. 4 to 10st Acme (off) 0 - Louise Berta (off) 5 - Philip Augustus (tk and off) 10 - any other MELBOURNE CUP. 100 to 8 nest Trenton (tk and off) 100 Despot (tk and off) 200 -13 Sheet Anchor (tk and off) 100-7-Nonlenlelt (on) 100 - Lord Extor(t and off) 204 Kit Nubbles (tk and wd) "0 - Honey don (off) 2094 Liverpool (off) 2.1 - 1 Prometheus (was) 25 - Brow of and Rose (wd) 2.1 - St, John (will) 2 ) - Reserve and Blue (wind) 2 - Stornoway (off) 33 - Coriolanus left) MURRUMBIDGEE TURF CLUB SPRING MEETING The following are the general entries for the above meeting - FIRST DAY -WEDNESDAY, NOV is RIDDEN riATI, Of 3 6000 each, with 60 sovs added OnomUeanda quarter Belle Brandon Devotion Invermay Mary Hawthorn Newtown Poor Paddy Vermont MalitlL ColtbyBcauolerc, Studley Clarendon SA UNO STAKES, Of CO sovs. Six. furlong Milton Cemil by Jack Ariel Kildare Newtown II IriilgoOatoFill Anglo-Saxon. buster) FIRST 1TUIID..1, RACE, Of Ii con s. each, with 100 sovs added Twice round and a distance I cattle Manumission Drown Girl Irishman I For less Omahdaua Joe's Indian Michael Student Queenie Studley TnL SHOOTS, OF 100 sovs. Six furlongs Devotion Cranky Jack favour Black Diamond CoundLtat Frenchman Minerva All Gold Wanda Alphabet SECOND DAY THURSDAY, NOV. 19, SELLING PLATE, Of 70 years. Weight for age we Inner to be sold for 50 Sovs One mile Whisper Cranky Jack Kildare Eldridge Anglo Saxon Scaramouche, a Frenchman SECOND HURDLE RACE, Of 2 Sovs. each, with 60 sovs. added Two miles Manumission Brown Girl Irishman Iroblclu Oma than Newtown Masher student Michael. Letitia FLYING HANDICAP, Of 3 sovs. each, with 100 Sovs added Six furlongs Invermay Impulse Cranky Jack Favour Bonnie Scotland Colt by Beauclerc Minerva Alphabet Devotion THIRD DAY. DAY, Nov. 20 HILL UVNDICU', Of 3 sovs. each with 100 sovs added Impulse Kildare Vermont Minerva All Gold Alphabet PRINCE OF WALES' SELLING STAKES Of 100 sovs. Weight for age W Inner to be sold for 100 sons Once round New York favour Black Diamond Eldridge Coup d East Anglo Saxon Friendship Alphabet STELL El CHASE, Of 0 sovs each, with 100 Sovs added About three miles Kin? Henry Irishman Masher Joo s Indian Michael Student Queen's Studley Trickett Rob Boy Letitia TWO YEAR OLD nAttDIOAF, Of 2 sovs. each, with 30 Sovs added Five furlongs Invermay Frisco Beelzebub . Mary Hawthorn Ifoolwinl _ Mclpomeme. Munwyrtina Henani filly FLEMINGTON 'i TRAINING NOTES. 'llIUIl^DAT This was a beautiful morning, and soon after five o'clock, there was a numerous attendance to witness the work done by Cup, Plate and Derby horses Reginald put in an appearance once more after a lengthened absence from the track He only cantered entertain however Warwick and Brown and Rose were then slipped for a fast round which they accomplished, in Jin jos Ulncli-a.f» did a realy good gallop on the clever trick and was followed by Thunderbolt forces work Bananaland brigantine cantered and spurted home Libra and hubert want a fast five furlongs In his 63 and Mrs Chester galloped a mile in Road st) lo Velocipede was sent round the sand at a strong piece after which Acmo (Hales up) and Philip Augustus (Lille) came up from the lower end of the ground. The pair, after a preliminary, struck out for 141 o furlongs, at the end of which the colt appeared to have the best of it in 1m 71- Despot was In dulged with an easy canter twice round, and London sweated on the outer track Vanguard and his crpool likes so had a sweating bout on the band Had) con galloped a fast 2. of furlongs in lm 7s going very smoothly, and to all appearances doing her work with a relish Dirk Hatteraick went a good work he gallop The Israelite and Signorwcro given a coil) proof useful rounds on the head, whilst Urdla galloped a mile and a half in even time Middleman..! cantered, and was extended for a mile, and a colander and Blairgowrie went a fast five furlongs. i Win,; and Cerise and Blue were despatched for a strong round, and Minerva strode along merrily, whilst Wanda only cantered Doncaster and Don Don did a fast round on the sand, and Drill to Imperial rattled round the tan, showing no hl(,ns of the effects of Saturday s scrimmage made Grande cantered, and Trenton work c I Inside the course for a couple of useful turned. Isorlcnfclt recipe, and I emission next claimed attention They were sent over a mile and a half, from end to end of which the crack took a tremendous amount of driving Tempo -ticking well to him, after the early retirement of I crciiEsion The time for the whole journey was "in days, and for the last six furlongs lm 2fJ« J iron and Chesham Hire sent a fait I've furlongs, and his emsworth galloped round the sand Islander and Country Boy were treated to a good working gallop, and St John and Agitation went twice round the outer track strongly Plausible went on to the course track for long slow work, Maddelina and Repose galloped five furlongs covrrlnghah ankle in 61.8 , whilst Monto Christo exercised on the sand. Off Colour and first I three cantered, and wound up their morning H work fast Leabin and ItojalSIald started off for a strong mile and a half, but the latter very soon called of, and the little, mare recorded 2in -Isis. for the round, or 2m 50s for the full journey Tom Brown only exercised mildly, and Waiting Maid moved slow 1> Welcome Jack, Ahoy to, and Honeycomb were inside the course, doing good useful striding work for a couple of miles. Lord Wilton had a long bout of exercise on the tan, where Lord Exeter was striding' along, improving the pace for the rest round Anchorite and Claud Inn exercised on the tan, and The Agent cantered on the same track C ossflro and Yellow Jacket covered five furlongs in 1m 17s., and Honeydew after striding round the sand, finished up fast Dividend, Kenneth, and Opal did medium work and Belmont cantered and spurted home, whilst Lamington and Lantern galloped a fast round, brought home by Trojan Kit Nubbles was given a dose of strong work, pounding along like a glutton Stornoway who is never allowed to be idle, hid his customary two miles inside the course Shipmaster and Alphabet went a fast round on the sand and Telephone and Gemini colored half a mile In 52, whilst the robber and the Marchioness filly galloped round the sand track IA To following show! j Dunlop, acco ripen told by Antonio, compassed a round of the sand in Em Bess and Damocles and Derision put in a Bulart iUo furlongs. CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. THURSDAY. A fair amount of work was done here this morning, though there was nothing of a sensational character Heal Jam and Bosworth, after cantering, were a round at full speed Land League galloped four furlongs and Vision did some really good work Lady Ashton galloped twice round, and Gasalier bowled along after cantering Parody went a fast mile Lord Chancellor and Don Clean spurted half a mile in smart Rt) le Douglas, Pheobe Walton and the Rapid Bay filly did some useful work, whilst Laudo went a strong mile Camerino, Meerschaum, and Ditto, were sent a work long gallop of a mile and a quarter Grace Darling- and The Ghost cantered twice round the track Clan Mine Union Jack, and Robin, were despatched fora brisk round, the former by himself Melodious, General Jackson, I'rimus, Distiller, and II aster John, all did useful work, generally fast, and a host of others were either cantering or dying half. pace work Umuorto I sent a strong seven furlongs in a taking style PIGEON SHOOTING. The eighth competition for Mr W F Jackson's tro phi takes place this afternoon at the MU bourn o Gun Club grounds, North Brighton Sweepstakes will follow The usual weekly shooting Is held this afternoon at the Hurlingham grounds circular." HAWTHORN GRIM M AR SCHOOL V. KING 3 COLLLOF The first elevens of these schools met yesterday on the Kew Asylum ground. The School team went in first, and remained at the wickets nearly all the after noon for a score of IJJ runs The college, in the few minutes that remained scored 25 with the loss of one wicket and the (game thus resulted in a draw, Torthu Hawthorn Irwin who batted splendidly for 67, Smith IS Aitken 36, Haw Les 36 (not out) Irving 11, were the principle scorers for King s College, Martin with (Ho wickets for 21 bowled well Snow bill 13 Martin 8 (both not out), batted well for their runs. The second elevens met on the Carlton cricket ground, and the came ended in a win for Kinari College, who scored ks nuiH to their op loiRiits (J In the match be tween the third elevens lunga College scored, in the two innings, 11- to their opponents 55 FOX TERRIER COURSING A fox terrier cour->ii)(r match took place at Geelong yesterday, between Mr "G Gardeners Helena and Mr I. G Dickens's General Gordon The match was for 100 aside Helene won, securing five courses to her opponents three. The nominations for the Leviathan Cup presented by Mr Joseph Thompson for an unlimited number of fox terriers under lib will close to div at Mr J) Kinnear's 1 astern made not later than 7 p in and one hour later with the secretary at the Racecourse Hotel Flemington when the draw will take place after which the card will be laid down The meet will take place in the pad Horses kindly lent by Mr J C Uoiikhartj at the rear of the Racecourse Hotel First pair of dogs to be in the slips at half-past 1 pm Entries close to day for Mr Munday s sale of pens erect and registered fox terriers, at 10 Market build rings 