A HUNT' FOR A GOLD MINE. A Lunatic's Christmas . RamMo in - tho Land of Tasman. . [Written Exprkssly pob this Joubnab.] I was nearly eighteen. I cherished conjointly the faintest penumbra of a moustache, ar.d a fovo of adventure occasionally, leading mo into .strious scrapes, which latter wore inaugurated with all Ihe 'dirt of deeds of Arthurian herjism ; but cvar* rndt'd lamelv a' d iaiDOf.antlv envnrinn Mini.. Varna. trator with ridiculo nnd oonfusioh. In these, my salad days, I road of a fresh impetus bring giv. n to gold-mining by tho disroverj of a roef near tho Pie man River, Tasmania, and determined to leave the humdrum lifo of a clerk m a commercial offico, for the more stirring, soonee that eum iind tho gold hunter's daily cxporienco with a halo of romance and a chirm of adventure peculiarly exciting to my impressionable temperament. In that far off timo, L lived in a Victorian up-country town, sixty mil-s from Mrlbourno, with nothing more notable to bioak tho locden-huod monotony of my daily existenoe ihan the occasional visit of a travollirrg cirrus, or an annual tea-meeting. I longed for fresh woods and pastures now, and hailed with irrepressible dolight ihe novol fad of turning miner (or evrn bu;h rangor, which seemed an ideal and pootie employ ment, peculiarly adapted, to tho child of Nalura), and pursued my wsarjiag aroeatian, with a burning yearning to rcposo my guilty socret in somo .»jm: pathetic breast. I had, however, to hug tlio /litfi', lawful longing to my ovorburfhenod heart, con/ciSiiB'! that tho least intimation of my unholy do-ire wiiM meet with something stronger tbaa opposition at the hands of my practical and rcepoctablo connections/ antitronistie to all vagabond proclivities of youthful and Bohemian onthusiaBm. But I met at last the gem of a man, in whom I could confide. A splendid specimen of tho stalwart buthman, who bad passed the best years of his manhood sheop-firminp,, gold mining, and working iu bush saw-mills. PoBsessed of a fine, though romantic nature, ho entered in'o all my impracticable aspirations, and prophesied a .'peody indulgence of all my adventurous predi lections, if not the amassing of a magnificent fortu'.o. I had no monoy, und ho, in a weak moment of bencvolencc, gave mo all ha had — five pounds. I heeitatod not an instant-, but applied for, and obtained u fortnight's leave of absonco, in order, us I stated it, to spend Ihe Christmas holidjys with Bomo frionds in 'Melbourne. I at orice began, my. preparations. This latter prov-d rather a serious undertaking. So much I d*B:red lo encumber myiolf with— such a mass of impedimenta accumu lated bb travelling necessities, that I feared it would bo requisito to charter a steamor to convey me to tbe land of Tasman, and a caravan to get to the scene of operations. ' An extra suit of olothes, combs r.nd brushes, French grammars, books of travel, and all manner- of youthful, luxurious appliances, never to be found in a biishma 's ki*. I paused, in an agorty of despair, only to rearrange my 'drum ' with increasing requirements. It was, however, finished, at last— £ huge, unmanageable swa®, swathed in a pa'r of snowy blankets, weighing nearly sixty pounds. At last, one night, in tbo week preceding Ohrislmas week, accompaniod by my familiar, I sneaked like a guilty thing, not daring to alarm my too solicitous relatives by declaring my iutended departure, ani casting eyo?, momentarily dimmed by pleasurable recollcot ion's of happy ho'uis passed benoath a roof, which might nevor again rfford me shelter. I hastly turned away, and trudged with no light hiart to the railway station. I heartily wished tho whole expeditisn to the devil, aud to the remarks of my companion returned only unconnected, irrelevant, 'and incomprehensible re sponses. 'You'll write, and let me know how you get on, old man,' ho said. 'Very much bettor, thank you,' I replied. 'Ay — what did you say V We arrived, after hnlf-an-hour'a walk, at the station. I procured a second-class ticket, a squeeze of the hand, and I was whirled away ioto tho dark ness, the laBt gleams of the Btution lampB falling on tho stalwart figuro and sun-bronzed face of my sympathising friend waving an encouraging farewell .with his blackened meerschaum. j When I arrived in Melbourne. I discovered that the steamer in which I intended sailing did not leave port for several days, consequently, not daring to ..make my whereabouts known to my friends, as it -.might' io d to a frustration of my intentions, I was leil to. iny own resources. I fi'lod up the time in an Vn!:oi'our. to get as much amusomont as would serve .einiuiei outial purposes during my Eo'.f-imposed exile. . I also spent threo of tha live pounds ad vanced by' my Bynipathflic friend, and viowed with lugubrious interest the steady diminution of my limited. funds. . Tho day of departure came at last-, hcivorer, and with a lonely hoart-jickncss and an 'iasiateut sea-sickness, I watched from the d*ck tf tho 1 Flinders ' the quick'y paling coasts of the land 'Phad begun I o rosard as my homo. I. got over .'the' ;Soa-8icknef8 the following d.-.y, and with my arrival a'. Launceston, tho hear:-sickne.«s followed suit— I could net bo misrrable in the excitement of novel experiences, and ths cba-m of magnificent, river s'coucrr. On golting to our moori-g-, I did whit a-'ybody else wou'd hive done in a'lika situation— landed as quickly os possible, aid like many other visitors to Tasma-ia for Ihe fir-t time, trended my wiy to the easiest accessible and most execrubla botol in tho town, d splaying a .vilp, led front of un mitiaated briok, and eneasinj an acjumulation of Tiianio discomforts. I partook of a nual, with the walls violently swaying arjririd mo, with a threatening intention of falling in, and enearthing rr.ein a living gravo, a resultant of tho vesBfi'd continued rocking during tho voyoge. Tho inner n ai refreshed with an .inoongrous mixluro of gr.'on prai, and boiled oorncd beef of an iaimasticatory and wooden grain, and the outer man cleansed of steamer suiotc and grit in a tin basin, I beto dc mjself to pron-.onadiiig the.strerts of the nortl orn capital of the i land, and contemplating with wonderment and awe the mul;i tudinous bavies of damsels that blockod the trafil ?. (This is only a figure of sprooh ; there is no trafiic to sp«k of, to blo:k in Launcoston.) My bead became dizzy with tto vision of fcm-.le lovlinoss, whioh caused rto considerable purturbation respect ing my safety, a lono and unproteetad male in a strange land, inhabited apparently only by Amazons, unless fhoy kept their male-ki d loikcd-upin cellar-, and did not allow them to vouturc forth by night., A very wise precaution on the part of a Launceston damsel, cortainly, in a land whoro a man is a 'rara avis,' and whero a girl would 6tand a good chance of losing hor sweethoart by indulging in cBter.titiouB and vainglorious exhibition of such: an unusual luxury. At all evonts, all tlio nion I saw wore fellow-passengers, and .fancy pictured the nowly discovered gold-roof at tho Pioman as a veritable Goloonda, whioh had attracted a'l the male indu viduals to the wealth-amassing locality, having only womon and children to populate tho lit' le, cup-like town of Launceston. I reli od early, covenanting with a fcllow-passsnger, who slept in the samo bed room, to awaken mo at 5 o'clook in tho morning, as' my travrlling exponseB had mado such . serious inroads into my resources, as to havo left 1119 with only tho magBificont sum of t.welvo sliillingB, with whioh to pay my way for a distaneo of hoarly a hundred and sixty miles, ovor u bush country. On ths afternoon of the previous day, I had mado myself acquaintoi with my route, and tho 'la/' of. tho country, and was very muoh surprised indeed to find that getting to Ta!mir,ii wus ono thing, and git'ing to the Piomun acotbor, and vory different matter. I had also provided myeolf with a loaf of bread, Ibis formed my ontiro commissariat. I 'folt too ex c tod, too anxious to arriro ut my destination, to tiouble greatly about such minor i.ffairs as eating and drinking, I. knew I oould lire oh my ncrvos, tho. mrst substantial diot in the world, when anything of a moio than ordinary character has to bo under liikon, thcujh the bfcermath is not . quite so slim ulati' g. .. .. I . Bohokl ins than, at tho oirly hour af five, stealing forth into the gray mornirg, liko an unquiet spirit, the ghost of flu weok-duy world taking its depsr; ure from the s'.eopy town, for it wus Sunday, and the solitary policeman, swathed in tho Mediieral 'tctra gonon,' peculiar to tho hida'go cf the puveaimont in Tasmanio, with bulls-eye buoihd to waist, gsz'd porturbedly aftar myhuirting figu'Q, doub'less, oon Bideiing that only the perpetrator of some dark and sanguinary deed would loaro Jiis ro.y bed, at such uuholy hour upon the Sabba'.h day,.ta2red'to. ratt and dreams. I must have presented a remarkable, appearanco rAttircd in walking, cpat, flowing, nook rohiof, tind colhr a la Byronj 'fc^it^kpown as stalker (stiff and. unoompromiaing! tot ut all bu3hma','!iko), Iroussrs5 , : ; :? .il J'* v'r' i 15 ?' worn after tho prevailing modc-^lfoggy j and tbin soled Oxonians, for cos'ume j a swag of olephantfen pioporti-ns, hanging from my shoulders, and main tained in its position by hayband, passed across and cutting into the cheBt, for camp-baggage ; I must have resomblud a reBpootablj-drossod eheet-liftor, making off with aoy night's loot of clothcs-line pendants, than a horny-handod investigator of the woalth con cealed in tho bowels of tbo earth. I was now -fairly .on. my way. Tho mist roso in rolling cloudB from tho river;, floated in .vaporous wroalha into the rifts bstweon tho mountains ; and clung about their bises liko an.inpalible mantle of elhtriul sia-foam. Surrounded by this gauzy nt mtsphero I crossed tho bridge, and took tho road . which windB among tho heights skirt'ng tho Tamar, 'en rou'o' for Brandy Creek (alias Bsaconrfield) eomo thirty miles distant, which I bopoi to make ore nightfall. Hard walking was a novel expirience ; in my thin-joled boots, it was positivo ton ure, wi h every step, I sank to tho ankle in the impondorablo dust, which, working into the inter stices of my knitted socks, caused' mo exquisite agony. lly foot wero raw arid galled wi'hin a very short timo^and I was gladito sink down upon a dew tesprinkled bank of tangled fern and brackon, and romovo my shoes. ' While resting here* th) sun roso, flushing tho' sky with a rosoato hui far up into tho heiivon's boightj. gildin * ? the ^summits ? of tbe mountains on th» .opposite -shoro :of ; the Tamar ; spreading in brood bands adown .tho bill dopes; and driving', the' mist befora his conquering beams, like a glorious, glowing flood of gaseous ambor. Then as bo reacbcd a higher altitude, and pierced into 'ho depiho of tho valleys, and, gilded tha as conding smoke of eomo early riser's haaslet ; or shimmered on the clear lake- like river, striking light f:6-n its surface as from ton thousand brilliants; transforming with tho ail of a gentle zephjr tho pl-icid .water into a daztling spectaolo of quivering Bointillatin; radiance, he eeomed to m--, to paint pic tures of Buch transcendant boauty as I had novor be fore boheld, even in my most estictio dreams of nature's loveliness.' While watahing tbo sun rise, tinting tho dew drops around mo with prismatic hues,'!' utilised tho time by unpacking my unwieldy swag, and searclmg for a pair of socks,' which I diseorored at last in the vory centre of tho bundle ; and had the-troublo of rearranging and repacking tho immense affair. I took tho precaution, however, of so disposing tbo contents, that I shou'd have merely to^inssrt my hand into one end, which I caro fully marked, for anything I imaginod I should require while 'en route.'' Befora rolashing. my impedimonta, I kept out a volumo of ICaats, which becamo my pocket companion for the lest of tho journey. I had just completod my repackiig, and carefully bound the drum ioto manageable dimensions, when n body in tercepted tho sunlight, startling me with its suddori intervention to sach a degree, that I lost my hold of. it, and had the mortification of seeing it roll off. the bank, into -tho red dust of tho road, staining the snowy parity of the blankets, and causing all the milk of human kindness in my disposition to coagu late in tho Eourest and most pronounced . description of curds and .whey. I mentally. cursed both tbe shadow and its possessor. _ He was a fellow-passenger, genial-faced, and hearty ©f habit, and he racovered my Bwag with the most sympathetic smile in the world, ' Good morn ing 1' ho said, ' I'm afraid :I gave you a surprise/' I replied tbat he had ; but supplemented it with the remark, ' that it didn't matter, it was of no conse quence.' 'Have you had breakfast? though it iB so early I need hardly ask you,' he continued. I replied that I had' not, and he invited mo to walk home with him and accept his hospitality.' He wib a pleasant, genial, good- hcarted fellow, and presently introduced me to his wife, equally pleasant and hos pitable. He resided in a comfortable littlo house, embosomed in a glorit'us orchard, nestling in the darker foliage of the trees indigenous to the climate that grew on the banfcs of the river. I mado a gooi meal, [and after bidding my hoBt adiou, tramped forward, followed by their good wi'hes, my pockoie, and my awag, stuffed with apples and pears, which the good woman forcod upon me. This was but oie instance of the open-handed, kind-hoorted hospi tality and sympathy I met with at the hands of -Taswaniant. — I believe them to be the most hospit ? able pe sple in the world, and thankod . them ' en tnasso ' for the numerous littlo kindnesses of whioh I was , thi recipient. I journeved for the romaindor of tho day along the Tamar's pleasant bank, en tranced with tho beauty of tho mountain and river 8'onory, pausing occasionally to admire some oil structure crumbling to ruin beh'ath the heavy haid of Time, rosoinoling for all tbo'world, those pictures of romantiv, old- world .sooies wo aro bo familiar with, in tho vignettes of fine art volumes. Now a littlo road-'ide inn, with its level, sandy front of rjad-way, shelring pleasantly off into green, grassy slope, based by the shimmering shield of blue, pol lucid water, upon whose surface rjokad a tiny boat, which, with the tree- clad hills around, mirrored it self ia quivoring fao-simile in the breezo-stirred, sua-beapunglod depths. Anon, rums ru'tic church gleamod with white walls amid the dark foliage of the euoa'ypti-trees which towored around it, like a rem'niscenco of the 'Mysteries of Udolpho.' Or tho feet of the wayfarer would tr;ad a mossy doll, down whioh some cloar-voiced rivulet meandered in i's' tortuous course to the river, bowerad over by olo'o-twining climbers. and mijsstic tree fernB ; and inhabited by thoHsands of birds, who flew hither and thither, with shrill, sweet notes, the scattering sunlight Btreaming through the intorstices of tho l»afy canopy, ahivering from their glittering wings like flashes of oelestial fire. In ono of theso b.'auteous gullies, where musk and treo fi-rns inter laced in intricate net-work, to shut out the sun, I mido a hearty meal of broad, and washed it down with a draught of- tho clear, fresh water flowing at. my feet ; '.hen once more started on my tram;). Ths afternoon seemed interininablo, tbo journoy, notwithstanding tho beauty of tho scanery was bo ginning to become fatiguing. I plodded oh with slow and painful steps, tbe swag upon my choulders weighing me down l:ke tho load of si-i on the back of Bunjan's pilgrim, and my feet gilled and blis tered beyond description. I despa'rrd reaching Brandy Oreek that night, when I heard a shrill whittle some li'tlo distance bohind me, and pre sently to my groat joy a stalwart, sun-burnt bush man camo tramping sturdily on, Bwi-iging in his hand a little bunHo. I thought if he would hive mo as travelling oompaaion, the painful irks ome.-o is of my journoy would bo somewhat, miiigated, and tho exhausted condition of my limbs forgotten, in tho stimulus of 00m pony. 1 Good aftornoon,' ea!d I, whenhe was close enough to address. 'Good afternooa,'' bo ropliol, with a ghnco of curiosity at my altlroj and then at my swag. - ' Aro you go'ng Tar ?' I ns'ied—'do you object to my travelling with you? Yoiir company would help me on, aid I'm \o.-y tir.d— I'm a'raid I shall hot got to Brandy Oreek to-nisht ; Is it far ?' ' It's a goodish stfp, but I'm' going olose theri». You take my bundle and I'll take your?. Fair's fair, ain't it ?' and ho laughed, showing as magniii 'o .t a sot of teelli as any in tho world. He was young, atronar and handsome. Ho pre possessed me by his good looks, and his kind offer, and wo wont forward t gother, I carrying his bun dle, and ho my swag, conversing upon every tojic my ingenui'y couH invent, or my mo nory furnish whioh I thought lik 1/ t- intrrost him. Wa talked of crops, of hullo :ks, of minirg, of the clim 'to, und of the colonies— then convjrsatien hnguishe '. By a happy inBpira'ion I startod jwar, found my com panion was muriial by tomporam.nt, and pou-od into his willing ear a recital of tho deeds of A'ex andor, Casiar, and Nap -laon. I was in the mi 1st of an oxoiling.'dp:cription cf ll 0 battis of Maroneo wti6ii wo oamo to a cross-road. Two hours had fl d unnotico '. My eooipaoion ha'ted. I suspended mynarrntivo. ' We mutt part hcra,' ho said, ' and I must givo yon back your swag.' ?I'm much obliged bo you for carrying it so far,' I roplicd.'and nm ufruid that, I forgot all about it when ti.l'.ing; but — ' 'Not ancther word; you talk sploadid; you icusn't mir.d mo sajin' it, but I'm just flabbergasted to know wha1; a man liko you wants trampin' along with a swa», wlun ho could bo in parliament. A- for carryin' it, why — I wou'du't mind rarryin' it all night, to let y. u toll you me 'bout Alio and tho res', of thorn thore fo'lsws. It's fine.' This was a tribute- to my story-tolling . powers, whiohtouohed my. boyish heart with. a transient ^spasm. of pride, and tho romark about parliament , thrillol mo with gratification, as the ultertr evidently '! .. -, , ' regarded a font in tho legislature as tho apox of human grandeur, the summit of justifiable ambition. So we.sbook bands ; and after enquiring tho remain der of the distance to Brandy Oreek, and finding it to be about two miles ; tolling tho kind-hoartod fellow that if he ever came across ? 's tracks to give' him a look up, to which he didn't doubt but that he should hoar of mo oftsn enough — aeo my namo in tho papers; I tramped on my way amid tho lengthening shadows, alone. ' CHAPTER TI. : The sun was sinkirg when I entered the mining township of Brandy Crcok, sinco dignified ? with the moro pretentious appellation of .Beaoohsfield. It nestled at tho foot of a big hill, tbo main road winding through it in a cup-l'ko fashion, with a gontlo slope and anon a gentlo acclivity. On either side of tho road woro a few weather-board houses, liko sttucturcs, and tome tonts dotted with buff and white, tho dark hue of the fire-blackened oloaring, while the ringed and blasted gumtr. es, like skeletons whose dry bonee glutenod in the rays of tho setting sun, gavo a weird aid spectral aspect to the land Bcspo 1 though tho freshly-dug holeB, the heaps of yellow cluy, tho wbims, tho crushing batteries, and the wooden erections over tbo mouths of shafts, im parted a human. interest, and accentuated tho mining char»oter of . tho littlo township. Midway down tho sloping road a group of stragglers stoppod mo with a ' Good day, mate !' ., 'Good evening,' I responded.. 'Ifl 'tliis Brandy Oreek.' ' 'Yes. Are you goiog to stay -hero ?' asked one. ' To-night,' I answered. ' You look like a now chum,' said a yellow olay sta:ned miner, not very complimentary in the glances with which he favourod me ' You've never carricd a swag before, I'll bet. Look at the haj -band, Bill' ' Dry up and let tho. boy bo,' said he whom the othor bad addressed as Hill, thou turning to me con tinu;d — ' Why doti'c you get a Bcarf and, Blieg the drum more comfortable liko. That's no way to carry a swag. Where are you going ?' ' lo the Pieman. How many days is it henco.' 'How far have you crme to-day ?' ho askod, with out answoring my question. ? From Launceston.' ' Thirty milos. TwoDty to- morrow if you'ro not knocked up — fifteen tho noxt day — ten the next. Why, it'll take you a fortnight to get thero.' ' I shall bo theie next Friday.! ' Yos,' said another, 'I tot ho will. Takes to it plucky like. You'll do it mate. Good day- and good luck to you.' ' Hold on,' said Bill; 'where aro you going to stop to-night?' ' At tho hotel, if (hero is one.' ' Go to tho BeaconBfield, on the hill there. Oom fortablo enough, and tho landlord a trump. Or- — if you liko — you can doss with me, and the missus u'll mafeo you up a bed before the fire. Are you on ?' I thanked him and deolinsd, so with good wishos from the whole party I wended my way to the hotel situated on the crost of the hill. I saw the landlord, a trr'sk littlo business-like man, with glit tering kindly eyes who took an interest in me. and plied me with quosfions. Too much of a bay to withold anything from so practisod an interrogator, I told him of my desire to reach the Pieman, and of my hopes. of gold-getting. He shook his head, said ho wanted a clerk in his store, and offered me the situation. It was a great temptation. My shoulders were aching with my load, my feet blistered and galled, and my body oxbauB'ed with the day's tramp, bnt I felt too certain of my ultimate success, could .1 only reaoh the Pieman. Inwardly, I resolved to mako the effort, and declined tho offer. The land lord told two gentlomanly aurveyors of my purpose, and they joined with him in dissuading me from executing it, but I romaiued firm. Thoy asked me to have tea with them. I refused, as my funds did not permit of the indulgence, purposing when I re tired to my 'room to make a meal of bioad. One of the surveyors called mo aside — .' Look hero, old man,' he said, ' I ruppoao you're not ove lsaled with funds. Nevermind that, you'ro a trump to think about suoh an undertaking as a tramp to the Pieman, for anyone can bjo you're no bush man— Considor.jourself my -guest.. ...Come,. X insist on it, if you don't I'll be offisnde '.* Submittirg with boyish awkwardness, I Win', with bim into the d'aw'ng-room, and thoro made a Pan tagruelain repas*. After spending a. pleasant even ing, I retired to as comfortablo a lit'-le bedroom ?» tirod traveller ever slept - in. Before leaving the landlord I covenanted to bo awakened with the first gleam of rising sunVght. Upon getting to my room I bathed my knosB, and then orepi between tho Bheets and slept the Bleep of the. just, or the wearied. I was, according to contract, awakened with the dawn of day, and was soon ready to bagin my march. After miking nearly .-s gigantic a meal as, I had dono tha night before, I started on my journey. But my mind being occupied by the events of the proceeding ('ay, and thinking away into tho future, I suddenly found myelf wandering on in a semi-conscious monner. So orgroES.d was I wi'h my ya-ious cogitations, that I did co', perceive thit the r ad became narrower and narrower, faintor and fainter, until it dwindled into a more cattle-track, and finallr camo to ai. abrupt conclusion1 at a de serted and ruined Biw-mill, situated on the verge of a chasm diig ou1) of the earth by a creek cours-, and then I awoko to tho constorrating fact that I had lost my way. - It occa-ionod the loss of nearly tvsro hours to retraca my steps andi recover the beatein track. - ? I must pass over the oveuts of tho sacond day's tramp, and bri; fly recount my Christmas Eve's trudge from Emu Bay, which to a youth fresh from an ofilco- atool, and fresh, too, from tho perusal of Marcus Clarke's 'For tho Term of Hia Natural Life,' was a.tcrrible .combination of wear? plodding and panoramic- horn r*. On Sunday. I left the little norihorn capital of Launcoston, and arrived at. Brandy Oreo's the samo, ovenirig. Monday night I slept in a quiet h istolry on the banks of tha Don. On Tuesday evot ing (Chri- tmas Ev?) I made the Bleopy sea village of Emu Bar, and goaded on by a temperamental rostlossno:s, hurriad into the fast gathering darkness like a vengeance-haunted crimi-' nal flying bef rj a swiftly overtaking Nemo.'is. I kept tbo tram line, and evory step I took carried ma furthor from tho last evidences of human habitation. A. telegraph wiro ran overhead, and my hoatod fancy followed tho flight of messages, perhaps ovon at thut moment flashing along tho wondrous wiro— and yot at any momir.t I might bo waylaid, and murdored without tbe power of sonding a word, a single loving Bontenca to thoso who woro, perhaps, at that momont thinking of me, the approaching ChrjsttnaB fes'ivitiea, and my inability to be with them upon a day on whijh I had novor before boon abBont. A low rumbling broko upon my car, tho oraok of a whip, the Bhout of a teamster, and a moment after tho last horsertram passed mo on its way . to tho 'Hampshire' — an hotel and range of stables lo oated. half-wav botweea Emu Bay and. the Bisohoff tin mines. . When it had gone by I felt moro lonply than ovor. The unoanny-looking vegetation which fringed tho tram-lino waved and rustled its _du»_kj foliiga in a ghostly manner, stirred into goblin lifo by tho evening brecza which whisperod and moanod liko tho voicoB r f departed spirits. Evor and anon sera and blasted gums shot vertically into the sky— ve'itsble vegetable monsters struok dead in a land of white light. Evory wild talo I had road of convict lifo in the land dtvotod to the punishment of convic'.s, (lashod across my rbcollection, thrilled mo with -a shivering Bonsi of fear ar.d'holplessness. My bliod seemed to turn to icc, and crawlod about my flesh lik-.uoold and hidoous rop'ilo. What my recollection fa:lo! to reproduce, my imagination invented, and and ea:h moment the last ho'ss-tram wbb leaving mo farther from communion with my kind. I saw—in, theso furious imaginative mois onts — sights oalculatod to aoral the stoutest heart. Every sound, ovory com bination of the .woird forest scon-ry was a sound, was a Eight, o' freezing horror. Moonlight and sterl-'ght clad tho surrounding landscapo in a gnuty voil of frndj-spun Bilvor mist, rnd . played fantivstio tricks with tho white shafts and dark foliago of the omnipresar t gum troes. I mounted with painful, trembling sto )s, tho summit of a hill, a little off tho tram-line, and afar in tho. moor light Baw tho cloud of i'ver du't raised by tho horsos' hoofs becoming fa'- to 'and faintor, as the toani slowly thread ;d its wiy a'ong the white train-traok,now crawling slowly li'te a speotral caravan in tho brosd light of the mion, and anon hildon in tho thick foliage. Tho distant rolling rumbla becamo harder to distinguish. I uo longer lioa-d Iho voices of tho toamslors chcor inj thoir horsos, tho r a1 tie and oliak of tug chains, ' ?' A: ? - : ... ????..,; . '4 '/ ;. '''.V V j or the sere wping of tho wooden framos. But the clang of tho thakon ironwork, tho craokof tho urging whip, raverborating ampng tbo hilli, I could still rc cognise omong tho othor sounds of night. High ovor^ hood sailed tho moon, flooding that wild placo with phantom light, and glancing from tho broad greon gum loaveB like a diamond's lustro from a thousand facots. What wondrous magio was wrought by a ipoonboam ! What ouriouB filigree, Moresco work, tboso molten shafts and interwoven 'shadows tracod in shifting, cboquored pattern, of mollow light and mystic darkness on tho swaying, breeze-3tirred landscape. What sounds, too, wrought - on the excited imagination of a travol-worn way-' - farer ! Tho hoarso garrulity of somo brawling oreek — tho doloful monotonous croak, croak, of tlio frog in a neighbouring swamp — tho sough, and eigh, and sob, of tho wind in tho rustling branches — tho - harsh shritk of tho equirrcl— tho weird eerio acrcam of tbo curlow — tho howl of tho native wOlf — tlio smothorod note of tome slumbering bird startled in its sleep — tho brushing of- eomo frightened animal 7 through tho long grots and tangled bracken— tlio ' ' crashing of young timbor by wild cattlo— eldritch, . , , nocturnal noisos, liko echoea from the land of dreams r:\ ; i all combined to render tbo way moro lonesomo and ' - moro foarful to a nervous traveller unanoustomed to ' v; tho bush. I stood watnhing tho fram-fceam as it trended ori ., its way, until it faded into a mero speck upon the - moonlit track, and tho dust about its wako appoarod but as a filmy vapour. Evon this was hiddon by .a turn in the line, and then I felt I was, in truth— ?( alone. I descended from my elevation, and onco more plodded wearily along. Christmas Evo with a- ..5 vongeancc — my blood was properly congealed by this time.- Tho way grew moro startling and Dantesquo; — a sudden swoop in tho trsui-liho brought mo face to face with a desorted sawmill and the abandonod huts formerly oc.'upiod by tho sawyers. Tho moon- : teama cropt about tho naked rafters, and dancod .« through a hugo ront in tho bark roof, throning a v lambiont light on the dilapidated eaw-framo, aud giving it the appearance of a ghostly guillotino. Near tho mill was a gigantic mound of sawdust,' formed from tho slo v accretions of years of timbor cutting. From tha centra of this arid, stciilo Gol gotho, tho white shaft of a blasted gum, with usinglo jutting limb, shot liko a spoctral gibbot sortically into tbo sky. Haunted by a thousand fancies I trudged on, endouvouring to look neither to thoright hand nor to tho left. My heart throbbed with stupid and fantastic terror, and tho trembling whistle died upon, my lips, while my Etimula'cd nerves caught the fancied footfalls of a dread pursuer. .-i) Aftor a night of accumulated horrors I arrived at the 'Hampshire,' waysido inn. I had to knock tho landlord up and persuado him that I was no midnigl t assassin, are he would consent to op;n tho door. But onco within, I eoon forgot tho trials of that night's march in the sleep that blesscB tho bed of tho woaried. Morning dawned — Christmas morning, and what a Christmas 1 I was now thoroughly ex hausted, and could hardly crawl along, but managod to giilph down a distasteful breakfast of wallaby .- steak ere onco again beginning the weary tramp. The day passed uneventfully onough, and evening . saw mo Bafely at tho Bisohoff mines, ensconccd in a comfortable room in tho only , decent hotel ' in Waratah, the mining township. My Cnnstmas for the time was over, and I re pio wed my progress over tho roughest part of tho island with a Eigh of satis faction. I wro'.e a1: onco to my frionds in Victoria for money, and received it after a fow days of weary waiting, by roturn post. I then immediately pro-- t ceeded to put distaneo between mjself aud tho Pie- v man River gold mine, by returning per tram to Emu Bay, whence I left for Victoria in a coasting Bteamor, without finding, er tvan looking for t'10 vision of, my imagination's conjuring — that Gjlconda gold-mino which was to have produced my immediato for- . tune. . 