WINNERS AND LOSERS AT THE GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. Although but one absolute favourite managed to get homo first at the V.R.O. Grand National Meeting last Saturday, I )<»« hoard of RBTeral backers who won bis stakes. First and foremost comes the com missioner to the Ballarat stable, who, after backing the doubles, Sheet Anohor and Morven, Sheet Anchor and Sailor, and The Agent and Morven for the stable, took a couple of thousands about The Agent and Wymlet "on his own hook." Azhe alsostood Hippogriff for a bit, his settling book on Monday showed a credit balance of over four monkeys. Tho Agent party divided con siderably more than that sum amongst four, the followers of that stable also having a decent win over Reticent. Perhaps the luckiest of the winnere on tbe day wm Sydney hook- maker, who got into Melbourne about twelve, drove down to thecouree, took six ponies about Hippogriff, a hundred and twenty to eighty about Reticent, didn't fanoy Sheet Anohor at the short odds, and laid five hundred to four hundred against him, backed Wymlet for the Steeplechase, Student for the Selling Hurdle, The Ghwt for the last raos, and left for Sydney the aame evening more than a thou sand pounds richer than when hB crossed the border twelve hours earlier. Not bad business thiB. Another case of auooesafol punting is worth reoording. A baoker, renowned for a propensity for " playing his bit up," invested a pound on Hippogriff for the Maiden Hutdle at 6 to I ; this ocming off, he took nine pounds to aix about Reticent, staked the lot on Sheet Anohor, and fell. Having then a pound left he commenced afresh, took 7 to I about Wymlet for tbe Grand National Steeplechase, SO to 7 about Student for the Selling Hurdle, and inveetcd the.lot on The Ghost at tens to 1\. He went home with a clear profit of nearly four hundred pounds. On the other hand, I hear of one or two " big backers" who lost heavily on the day, one party dropping £1500. Plausible, who finished seoond for the Flat Race, waa backed by hie owner to win £2000 at tens to one, and very nearly landed his stake. Settling over the meeting took placo on Monday, ana was, I bclieYe, in every respect satisfactory, although the ring lost heavily. Unless I am very much mistaken, tlie next dish that Mr. George Read will serve up hot will be Agitation, who muflt bo very nioely browned by now. After the mare, Country Boy and 8t. John are eooh good for another coup apiece. Agitation 1b entered for the WtllismBtown Hurdle Race, in whioh her weight is Hat., and I also see her name wmonget the list of nominations for the V.A.T.C. Hurdle. 