CONCERT IN AID OF PORT ADELAIDE POOR FUND. The promoters of the Tort Jfoor tana having enlisted the aid of Mr. L. M. Tier, a capital concert, arranged by that gentleman, was given in the local Town Hall on Thura uay evening, me proceeds oeing in -uu u* the fund. The Corporation had kindly granted the UBe of the hall free of all charges, and a very fair audience assembled. An opening address was given by the Rev. Canon Green, who remarked that, though the hall - was not quite fall, he had no doubt it was chiefly owing to the fact that the Treasurer of the fund had announced that subscrip tions bad already come in so liberally that urgent need did nob now exist. A great many who were there that night had already shown their sympathy by sending donations. After tbe splendid way in which so many in the colony— at any rate in that neighbourhood— had come for ward to help those who were in distress, there would never be a claes in the community who could affirm that they had been over looked in their time of need. A strong feel ing of brotherhood had been ehown in coping with distress, and they were now working shoulder to shoulder for tho same cause. He was pleased to be there to expreBS hia sympathy. There were times when it was no impertinence to oiler help and no degrada tion to receive it, and the present was one oE those occasions, The Poor Fund would be increased by that entertainment, and they all owed hearty thanks to Mr. Tier for his trouble ic arranging it. It was only one of many practical ways in which he constantly expressed his sympathy with those in distress. (Applause.) Iho programme waa then very efficiently carried out, comprising aonggj dances, instrumental eoIgcUodb, and a reoita- ' tion, 'The ProRrcaa of Madness,' by a gentleman amateur. Those taking part wero the Misses Nellie Peel, E. Williams, and Ada Filsell, Profesaor Deuholm, and Messrs. Tier, Eogerson, Pye, McFarlane, G. Binhop, Harri son, D. Euneoi), G. Filsell, and Herr Knlck. Encores were freely responded to. Tho whole concluded with an extravagant farce entitled ' A Ghost in a Pawnshop, in which the characters were sustained by Messrs, Tier, Fileell, Bishop, and S. Veasey. A. number of local allusionR caused much merri ment. Messrs J. W. Channon and W. Pye officiated as accompanists, and prior to the .- entertainment tho Southern Star Brass Band gave their services in front of the hall. Dur ing the evening the new banner for the Port Working Mens Association was exhibited, and loud calls were made for tho artist, Mr. Warren (B,ve& Warren). 