'THE VEGETARIAN QUESTION. (By W. Mattien Williams in Knowledge.) IN my introductory paper I said, "The fact that we use the digestive and nutrient appa ratus of sheep, oxen, &c.;, for the preparation of our food is merely a transitory barbarism, to be ultimately superseded when my present subject in suffciently understood and applied to enable us to prepare the gonstituents of the vegetable kingdom to be as .esily assimilated as the prepared grass which we call beef and mutton." This has brought me in communication with a very earnest body of men and women, who at considerable social inconvenience are abstaining from flesh-food, and dding it purely on principle. Some people sneer at them, call "crotchetty," " faddy," &c.;, but, for my own part, I have a great respect for crotchetty people, having learned long ago that every first great step that has ever been .taken in the path of human progress was denounced as a crotchet by those it was leaving behind. This respect is quite apart from the consider ation of whether I agree or disagree with the crotchets themselves. I therefore willingly respond to the request that I should devote one short paper of this series to the subject. The fact that there are now in London nine exclusively vegetarian restaurants=amt-all-ofthem flourishing, shows .that it is one of wide interest. At the outset it is necessary to brush aside certain false issues that are commonly raised in discussing. this subject. The question is not whether we are herbivorous or carnivorous animals. It is perfectly certain that we are neither. The carnivora feed on flesh alone, and eat that flesh raw. Nobody proposes that we should do this. The herbivora eat raw grass. Nobody suggests that we should follow tlheir example. It is perfectly clear that man cannot be classed either with the carnivorous animals nor the herbivorous animals, nor with the graminivorous animals. His teeth are not constructed for munching and grinding raw grain, nor his digestive organs for assimilat ing such grain in this condition. He is not even to be classed with the'om nivorous animals. He stands apart from all as The Cooking Animal. It is true that there was 'a time when our ancestors ate raw flesh, iiicluding that of each other. In the limestone caverns of this and other European countries we find human bones gnawed by human teeth, and split open by flint implements for the evident purpose of extracting the marrow, according to the domestic economy of the period. The shell mounds that these prehistoric bipeds have left behind, show that mussels, oysters, and other mollusca were also eaten raw, and they doubtless varied the menu with snails, slugs, and worms, as the remaining Australian savages still do. Besides these they probably include roots, succulent plants, nuts, and such fruit as then existed. There are many among us who are very proud of their ancient lineage, and who think it honorable to go back as far as possible, and to maintain the customs of their forefathers; but they all seem to draw a line somewhere, none desiring to go as far back as to their interglacial trogloditic ancestors, and, there fore, I need not discuss the desirability of re All human beings becime cooks as soon as they learned how to make a fire, and have all continued to be cooks ever since. We should, therefore, look at this vegetarian question from the point of view of prepared food, which excludes nearly all comparison with the food of the brute creation. I say " nearly all," because there is one case in which all the animals that approach the nearest to ourselves-the mammalia-are provided naturally with a specially prepared food, viz., the mother's milk. The composition of this preparation appears to me to throw more light than anything else upon this vegetarian con troversy, and yet it seems to have been entirely overlooked. The milk prepared for the young of the different animals in the laboratory or kitchen of Nature is surely adapted to their structure as regards natural food requirements. With out assuming that the human dietetic require ments are identical with either of the other mammals, we may learn something concerning our approximation to one class or another by comparing the composition of human milk with that of the animals in question. According to this it is quite evident that nature regards our food requirement as approaching much nearer to the herbivora than to the carnivora, and has provided for us accordinelv. If we are to begin the building-up of our bodies on a food more nearly resembling the herbivora than the carnivora, it is only reason able to assume that we should continue on the same principle. The particulars of the difference are instruc tive. The food which nature provides for the human infant differs from that provided for the young carnivorous animal, just in the same way as flesh food differs from the culti vated and cooked vegetables and fruit within easy reach of man. These contain less fat, less nitrogenous matter, more water and more sugar (or starch, which becomes sugar during digestion) than animal food. . Those who advocate the iuse of flesh food usually do so on the ground that it is more nutritious, contains more nitrogenous material and more fat than vegetable food. So much the worse for the human being, says Nature, when she prepares the food. But as a matter of practical fact there are no flesh-eaters among us, none who avail themselves of this- higher proportion of albuminoids and fat. We all practically admit every day in eating our ordinary. English dinner, that this excess of nitrogenous matter and fat is bad; we do so by mixing the meat with that particular vegetable which contains an excess of the carbo-hydrates (starch) with the smallest available quantity of albuminoids and fat. The slice of mneat, diluted with the lump of potato, bring the whole down to about the average composition of a fairly-arranged-vegetarian repast. When I speak of a vegetarian repast, I do not mean mere cabbages and potatoes, but properly selected, well cooked, nutritious vegetable food. As an example, I will take Count Rumford's No. 1 soup, composed of equal measures of peas and pearl barley, or barley meal, and in like manner take beef and potatoes. Taking original weights, and assuming that the lump of potato weighed the same as the slice of meat, we get (by analysis) in 100 parts of the material of 1Rumford's halfpenny dinner, as compared with the " mixed diet," 40 per cent more of nitrogenous food, more than six and a half times as much carbo-hydrate in the form of starch, more than double the quantity of sugar, and about seventeen per cent. more of fat.? Thus the John Bull mhterials fall short of all the costly constituents, and only excel by their abundance of very cheap water.. : This analysis supplies the explanation of what has puzzled many.inquiries, and encour aged some sneers at this work of the great scientific philanthropist, viz., that'he found that less. than five ounces of -aolids was. sufficient for each man's dinner; He was supplying far more nutritious material than beef and potatoes, and, therefore, his five ounces was more satisfactory than a pound of beef and potatoes, three-fourths of which is water, for which water Johin Bull pays a shilling or more per pound when.he buys his prime steak. Rumford added the water at pump cost, and,by boiling, caused some of it to unite, with the solid materials and then served the com bination in the form of porridge.. This explains a puzzle that may have sug gested itself to some of my thoughtful readers -viz.,the smallness of the quantity of dry oat meal that is used in making a large portion of porridge. If we could, in like manner, see our portion of beef or mutton and potatoes reduced to dryness, the smallness of the quantity of actually solid food required for a meal would be similarly manifest. An alder man's banquet in this condition would barely fill a breakfast-cup. I cannot at all agree with those of my vege tarian friends who denounce flesh-meat as a prolific source of disease, as inflaming the passions, and generally demoralising. Neither am I at all disposed to make a religion of either eating, or drinking, or abstaining. There are certain albuminoids, certain carbo hydrates, certain hydro-carbons, and certaim salts de manded for our sustenance. Excepting in fruit, these are not supplied by nature in a fit conditiontfor our use. They must be prepared, Whether we do all the preparation in the kitchen by bringing the produce of the earth directly there, or whether, on account of our ignorance and incapacity as cooks, we pass our food through the stomach, intestines, blood vessels, &,c., of sheep and oxen, as a substitute for the first stage of scientific cookery, the re sult is about the same as regards the dietetic result. Flesh feeding is a nasty practice, but I see no grounds for denouncing it as physio logically injurious, In nmy youthful days .I was ob friendly terms with a sheep that belonged to a butcher in Jermyn-street. This animal, for some reason, had been spared in its lambhood, and was reared as the butcher's pet. It was well known in St. James's by following the butcher's men through the street like a dog. I have seen this sheep steal mutton-chops and devour them raw. It preferred beef or mutton to grass. It enjoyed robust health, and was by no means ferocious. It was merely a disgusting animal, with excessively perverted appetite; a perversion that supplies very suggestive material for human meditation. My own experiments on myself, and the multitude of other experiments that I am daily witnessing amopg men of all occupations who have cast aside flesh food after many years of mixed diet, prove incontestably that flesh food is quite unnecessary; and also that men and women who enulate the aforesaid sheep to the. mild extent of consuming daily about two ounces of animal tissue combined 'such weak vegetable food as the potato, are not measurably altered thereby so far as physical health is concerned. On economical grounds, however, the difference is enormous. If all Englishmen were vegetarians the whole aspect of the country would be changed. It would be a land of gardens and orchards, instead of gradually reverting to prarie grazing-ground as at' present. The unemployed miserables of our great towns, the inhabitants of our union workhouses, and all our rogues and vagabonds, would find ample and suitable employment in agriculture. Every acre of land would require three or four times as much labour as at present, and feed five or six times as many people. No sentimental exaggeration is demanded for the recommendation of such a reform as this. Dean Mansel was noted for his witty utterances. One day 'at Common-room din ner the cook had written in the, bill of.fare, " Reforme cutlets." The paper weit the round of the table, and provoked many a smile. At last it reached Mansel. "Oh, the man is quite right," said he, "Reform generally ends in e mute." On another occa sion, when his friend Chandler was pressed to sing something, his persistent refusal was followed by the suggestion, "If you can think of nothing else, sing us the Hundredth Psalm." "No, I should only murder it," was the reply. This produced a third entreaty, and a more resolute refusal, whereupon Mansel came to his friend's rescue, remark ing: " Chandler naturally declines to murder all people that on earth do dwell. A French agricultural journal points out a novel use to which eggshells may: be applied. You have eaten a good many eggs, either boiled for your breakfast or in an omelette, or as mlcfsur la plat. What do you do with the shells I Of course the servants (says L'Aviculteur) throw them in the dustbin; they are very wrong to do so. Give them orders that they should be carefully .put by, for they may be very profitably used in your garden operations. Sow your melon or cucumber seeds, or any other of the same nature, and instead of making use of small pots which are sometimes badly made and costly, take the egg shells (which cost nothing, and the shape of which is always perfect), make a small hole at the base, and fill it with mould. Place two seeds in each shell, and if both come up take away the weaker one, and when ready to be placed in the frame squeeze the shell in the palm of your hand and break it, taking away a few of the particles so as to allow the roots to penetrate, then put it into the earth up to the cotyledons. The melon, p any other plant of the same nature, will thrive well with the eggshell put into the earth with the plants. This system can be appliedc to any flower seed, to cuttings of greenhouse plant, such as. verbena, fuchsias, pelargoniums, &o.; Eggshells are also very useful for transplanting small plants sown in pots or raised in hotbeds, .n this case they must be planted when young; they will take root very easily if treated as..seedlings, for at the time of potting they will have a ball of earth solid and well formed. " Sir, in a sermon, the sin against the Holy Ghost is dulness," said Sydney Smith. " Rather than see you dull an4d commonplace, I would see you bordering, upon the eccen tric or startling." Life is short-only foir letters in it. Thiee quarters of it is a "lie," and a half of it is an -if." Clarence Deming, in his "By-ways of Nature and Life," says of the swampy region of southern New Jersey:-The huge trees which lie under the swamp to unknown, depths are of the white cedar variety, ian' ev.er, reen..-.Thy rewy.enru.. ?.-.in.1..tlk, fress water, which is necessary for their sustenance, and when in time, either by a subsidence of the land or a rise of the seas, the salt water- reached them, they died in numbers. But many of them, ere they died, .fell over as living trees, and were covered slowly by the deposits of muck and peat which fill the swamp. Those trees that fell over by the roots, and known as " wind falls," to distinguish them from the " break downs," are the ones most sought for com. mercial uses, and they are found. aid worked as follow :-The log digger enters the swamp with a sharpened iron rod. He probes in the soft soil until he strikes a tree, probably two or three feet below the surface. In a few minutes he finds the length of the trunk, how much still remains firm wood, and at what place the first knots, which will stop the straight "split" necessary for 'siingles, begin. Still using his prod, like the divining rod of a magician, he manages to secure a chip, and by. the smell knows whether the tree is a windfall or breakdown. Then he inserts in the mud a saw like that used by icecutters, and saws through the roots and muck until the log is reached. The top arid roots are thus sawed off, a ditch dug over the tree, the trunk loosened, and soon the great stick, sometimes five or six feef thick, rises and floats on the water, which quickly fills the ditch almost to the surface. The log is now sawed into lengths 2 feet long, which are split by hand and worked into shingles, as well as into staves used for'pailib and tubs. The wood has a coarse grain: which splits as straight as an arrow. The shingles made from it last sixty or seventy;: years, are eagerly sought by builders-in Southern Jersey, and command in the mar ket a .much higher price than ordinary shingles made out of pine or chestnut, which last for rqofing not more than twenty .ro twenty-five years. - In colour the .wide cedii is a delicate pink, and it has a strong flavour, resembling that of the red' cedar used in making lead pencils. The trees, once fairly buried in the. swamp, nevdr'liacome waterh logged, as is shown by their floating in the. ditches as soon as they' are pried. up, and. what is more singular, as soon as. they. rise.. they turn invariably with their under sides uppermost. These two facts are mysteriea which science has thus far left so. The swamps are soft and treacherous; no. ma chinery can be used, and long stretches with mud and water must be covered with bark or boughs before the shingles can, teach the. village andfcivilisation. The consequences of suppressed' action 'of the perspiratory organs are most serious.. The inner lining of the lungs and that of the. whole digestive organs are 'infolded and modified continuations of'the true skin. To, disturb the functions of 'the one is to. de range those of the others. ' .The fatal conse quences of an extensive scald or burn are, due to internal sympathetic inflammation. rather than to the direct superficial injury. Baron Dupuytren thought recovery from a. burn impossible if one-eighth of the surface. of the skin were injured sufficiently to. des troy the sweat glands. If the skin were. thickly varnished, death might ensue in a few hours.. The functions of the skin. are both, to, warm and to cool. The skin thus has, much to do in regulating the degree of vital heat of the body. It is hardly necessary to: add that clothing ought to be of a kiid' to, assist, not to impede, the action of the skin.. Rowland Hill. was an, inveterate clerical punster. Preaching on one occasion at Wap-. ping, hle assured his hearers" that such'Wap-. ping (whopping) sinners even as they wera might hope to be forgiven.. 