TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS 'Br Asmoueur. - , To-day Flemtnston will once' tnorc bo en Jilt 011 tbo occasion of the inauguration of the autumn gatherins:,. and outward appearances are fltronsrlv eussrestive of a successful cam- paign, to assist nt which a large number of visitors have arrived from tho". neighboring colonies. Tho programme put forward by tlio premier club is of surpassing oxeetlcnce, and can scarcely fail to attract, that share of nttentinn it so richly deserves. Tho inclusion of the Champion Stakes in tlio autumn bill of fare has already been productive of beneficial rosults, of which, it is to be hoped, thoro will be a renewal on tho impending occasion. Tho absence of1 Le Grand, Rut'tis nnd Cargo are regrettable incidents connected therewith. Thoro is quite a galaxy of taleut nominated for tho initial event, the Essendon Stakes, which will take tho form of a weight for ase contest over the Derby course. Were Mslua, Commotion, Tbo Plunger,: Off Color, and Reginald to toe tho line, all fit arid well, tlio race would be highly interesting. Tito spring running 'places both The Plunger anil Off Color behind Jlnlua and Commotion, though neither was cherry ripe at tlio MeU bourne -Cup meeting, and it is quite possible for them to have sufficiently improved in order to. compete move successfully against the two big guns. Reginald ami Metai aro the only throo-yoar-olds engaged, and I fail to know that either, of tliem it qualified to accomplish a task iu which a better performed three-year- old like David hopelessly- failed in the Spring. I "am apprehensive, therefore, that ; pro vided Malua and Commotion opi>ose each other the issue will rest between them. Considerable, uncertainty prevails respecting llie part likely to be.played.b.v-Sfalua, opinions being divided as to whether lie lnisbecu specially prepared for the Newmarket Handicap or the Champion Stakes. The difference in the respective distances would' suggest tbe necessity of a separate course of training for each event, though Le Grand's performances last - autumn' iu tho Newmarket Handicap, Australian Cup and Champion Stakes indicated that it is not impossible to adopt a system whereby a borso may bo capable of distinguishing himself over tho, three separate couraas in consecutive order. But then Mr. Wallace's horse is an uncommonly briliaut all round performer, ami his exploits-riast autumn may fairly ho recognised as tho exception which pro'ves tho rule. Whetlier Malua is capOblo of illustrating a similar example- remains to bo seen. It appears" that Mr. Isaac Foul- sham ' has : recei veil -. several visits from certain members of the touting fraternity during tho week,! and the more favored ones say that long, strong work is: the order, of -the duv-with tho Melbounte Cup Ayinnier.- -If ' this can he relied on, lie will probably appear at the post for tlio EssendBii Stakes, in whicli case I. shall ex pect to see him victorious, and anticipate Mr. Vow!e$'« iaitia! fiat tans " \- Mm-ux ... ... ... (Robertson) 1 . Commotion... ... ...(frahau) -2. ,, , Orr Cor.oit ... ... (Jlooro) 3 - \- Tho' Ascot Vale Stakes roads a moral for.;- !; ,MOMl CllRlsaO, u'utess the stable elects to put forward Uralla, thou which there nro mow. unlikely, things', tuasmuch. as tho fillv ts now supposed, to hayo returned lo'her spring form, and is said to be quite equal to winning if sot to accomplish the task First Vrince or,Ringmastcr will probably finish in uonreat nttendanco on Mr. -AVhife's selected representative. . . . . ' ; ' The St- Leger field will ho made np from the following, viz. : — Garfiold, ' Silver - King, 'David' Morart,- Prime Minister.' Helene.'Tre- ni'ahdo aud Uius of the .OipsiM, 1'hsre Is somo doubt attached to Garfield, seeing that he has been backed heavily for tho Newmarket Haudicap. When the real fight commences in the gjrailit, I es- "pect to see the issue rest between Silver King, nolene and David. I was greatly im pressed with Silver King at Geelong, and as this season's 3-ycar- olds are anything but a choico collection, - 1 estimate him capable of emulating tbo performance of his illustrious sire in 1078. My vote, therefore, is in favor of SILVER KING, 'Next to whom I prefer David and Heleno iu the order named. The field for the Newmarket Handicap pro mises to bo tho largest yet known to dispute the sprinting championship,' nnd as about forty homes: are expeotcd to face the starter it is difficult to 'conjecture the all important verdict to lie announced this afternoon. Wore Malua to" saddle up with 10 st. 4 lb. I would be fully prepared to sec him finish in the first four, but as ho is regarded a doubtful starter in certain well informed quarters, his chances of success cannot bo discussed with any degree of con fidence. Welcome Jack, Garfield, Battailous, and Sir Garnot are horses of undoubted bril liancy, nnd may be relied on to run prominently, hotwilhstandiug thoir weight; Coningsby's pace is also supposed to be of a high order, but lie is a very irritable cus tomer, and I question v.botbor he will finish with that resolution so essential to successfully survive a desperate struggle iu so largo a Bold. I entertain n different opinion of Prometheus, who lias enjoyed a lengthened retirement, and promises to appear like a giant refreshed. The son of Tubal Cain lias always been an especial -favorite 'of mine, and as satisfactory accounts nro to hand' regarding him, I continue to be favorably disposed towards his chance, more pnr- licuiarly as the stable prefer him to spesdy per formers like Ironmaster, Claptrap andXantippe. Sir G arnet is selected in preference to bl3 stable associate Helone, and Alphabet is similarly pro moted over Meteor. Topaz's performances are of a very high order; and despite tbe partiality evinced for bis associate Surprise I adhere to theoplniqii that the first named will prove his superiority to-day. In fact I entertain a con firmed belief that he will como home in the first light. MiddlcniareU lias shown marked im- prorement of late, and should- run well, but I scarcely estimate him good enough to wiu. In addition to Mniua, Foulsham's stable is repre sented by King of tho Gipsies, Salvo, Achilles and Sirocco. Tbe demonstration mado in favor of Salvo would appear to determine his selec tion as the pick of the Brighton basket ; still his performances this season are so moderate that I feel no inclination to follow the lead. The Kingston divison have supported Coronet, and with"! such availablo trying taoklo as Precious Stone, Dirk Hattoraick, Royal Irish man and Colstoun no mistakes should bo mado, albeit, judging of bis performances at Geelong, I am not' enamored of bis chance. Meander and Mistako are both speedy, but I question if either is class "enough to get home in tip-top company. Neither do I think that Amelia Victoria, is quite . brilliant enough, and I havo similar doubts respecting Carbuncle, St. John, Country Boy, and othors lower down the list. Veloci pede and Town Moor are favorably spoken of, and although both are horses not likely to bo troubled by weight, they, do not impress me as likejy winners. I entertain a different opinion of Xapior.Mnscotte.Tho Ghost, La vington,Lopo- rello, and Cluudinc, all of whom are possessed of winning chances. Leporello, In particular, is a wonderfully improved animal, and will bo very. difficult to dispose , of with only 0 st. 4 lb. in the saddle. From Dowling Forest comes the news that the raco is a moral for Sheaf Au'clior, but never having seen tho brother to Anchorite I am un able to express nn opinion. To sum up, I shall remain content to select the following half dozen to beat, the field, viz.: — Prometheus, Topaz, Tho Ghost, Leporello,' Napier and Battailous. To still further reduce my pick I shall bracket Prometheus aiid Napier to supply the winner, and award tho casting vote to PROMETHEUS. Tlio Hopeful Stakes will attract to tho post a majority of those 2-year-olds who are not desirous of measuring strides against Monte Christo in the Ascot Vulo Stakes, and from among, the intending competitors I must select Uralla, Delauiia, First, Pop and Manchester to supply the winner. The first named is vastly, improved, since the spring, and' when well is no doubt quite as good as. estimated by her trainer. There are move unlikely things than that she might be reserved for tlio Ascot Vale Stakes, but, trusting to a start, I shall declare for URALLA, noxt to whom Manchester or Delamiti- may pos sess prior claims, ... Tho Bruuswick Stakes is a very open affair, and I shall remain content by plumping for DURATION, and nnmo Graco Darling and Brown and Rose as likely placo candidates. ... The .second anil third- day's racing will bo Better dealt with in next week's country edition ot The Ijatler, copies of which will bo procur able at the office on Thursday morning. ' Tlio commlttco of tlio Victoria" Racing Club have' not appointed a. permanent judge' to officiate at Flemiugton, the paltry salary of.' XlOO per annum being tho main obstacle in -the way of securing a suitable person" to fill tho responsible office. If n secretary-is worth £700, a Uandicappor £500 and ,n Btarter £350 a year, surely a judgo is en titled to mb'ro.thnii tho miserable .pittance . now doled out. Mr. "George ..yowles has consented to act as judgo during ,1'tho'. autumn; 'meeting, and as.no.. better qualified person could bo obta|ncd-to fill the position it would be, well wero.thb V.R.C. to increase tho allowauco. so as to make it worth Mr. Vowlcs's while to accept a pormaueiioy. " 1 1 ' - I am requested" to notify that nominators wishing to declare out" of tk'o'uiinor handicaps and weight for ago races of tho V.R.C. meeting without further payment must do 60 before eleven a.m. on'tho morning of tlie race, Or they, become liable for the balanco of Vweepstakos.'-, Entries lor the Adelaide Cup, and Goodwood Handicap, to bo run at the S.A.J.O. May meet- ing, are duo by four p.m. on Monday noxt, Vic torian nominations for which will be recoivol at the V.R.Q. office. Favored with agrochbie weitui.f and welt conditioned trebles, tho Flomington trainers hove beeu oft good terms wifh thcmsc-lvos dur ing the Week, and the daily doings hare been . of an interesting order. On Monday morning Le Grand moved so gingerly that his collapse on the following day was not surprising. The blow is a severe ono to Mr. D. S. Wallace, who is' greatly sympathised with on being deprived of (lie services of such a redoubtable performor at a time like the present, for had he kept well he must have possessed a good chance of emulating his last autumn performances, when lr< won the Champion Stakes, ran second for the Nowmarket Handicap and third for the Austra- - lian Cup. Ringwood betrays evidence ot Ins campaign in Tasmania, bnt perhaps lie is not so staio as his looks would indicate. Nothing goes in better form than Off Color, who pro- . mises to take a deal of beating in the Austra- . lian Cup. Young Wilson also has Silver King ' and Little Sister in blooming condition, and . thoy are a likely pair to secure winning brackets . during the ensuing meeting. Acolyte appears to have gono off, and I do not countenance lirs Cup chnnco so favorably as I did a fortnight ago, when be showed winning form at Geelong. V. el- come Jack appears in big heart, though a trifle lusty, calling iuto requisition the neck sweaters a few times during tho week. -Garfield has a very presentable appearance, and will probnbf.- rendor a creditable account of himself in anv raco he may take part/ Up to the presoct hi r mission is enveloped - in uncertainty." Oh Wed nesday morning Prometheus took the touts liv storni, and covered six furiongs on the ou'ci track in the fastest time of the season, and lh-j performance fairly set the touting fraternity agog; but it was a case of out Herod - ing Herod when Sir Garnet came, down m the afternoon, and compassed tho same journcc . in 1 min. 17J sec., or.lj- boc. quicker tliau that accomplished by Prometheus. On tho rooms assembling a strong do3ire was evinced to sup- . port the last named for tho Nowmarket Hand:- , cap, and from 100's to' 8 offered on the proceed ing evening he quickly gave Sheet Anchor thu. go-bye, finally leaving off at 100's to 15, and Sir- . Garnot had scarcely returned to the sheds ho-- . . fore the telephone at Iligby's w-as hooked oil In- the Victorian Club, and a renbwed de'mon-- stratiou instituted on behalf of the ex-favorite, who quickly advanced from 100 to G to. 100 Li 10, at which figure he became stationary, how ever, and thus shared the second faroritbship with Sheot Anchor. After limping off tiio training ground on Tuesday morning Lo Grand developed hiuch mora serious symptoms than was at first antiei- pated, and on Wednesday ho' became' so help- . less in his box that his life was despaired of.. . At first he was supposed to 'be suffering from . acute rheumatism, but itis feared that he is more dangerously affected in tho region of the loins.. There will be a day's racing at Wyndham on Monday, when intercolonial visitors will doubt less avail themselves of the opportunity lo hm down by special tfain. The fields are not likely to be largo, still it la quito on the cards that the racing will be worth looking at. Angler -may- win the Selling nurdlo Race, Miles the Mam- bourine Handicap, Uuekshot tbe Hurdle Race, Sir Charles the Selling Flat Race, and Mookra the Flying Handicap. On Tuesday the running will bo taken up nt Moonee Valley; where the Selling Handicap . Hurdlo Race may go to Angler, the Trial Stakes toOcistn, tho Disposal Stakes to Primus, the March Handicap to lfiie3, the Railway Stakes to Royal Irishman, and the V isitors Handicap . , to Albanus. On Monday next Mr. N. R. D. Bond will in vito nominations for the meeting to b_- liel.l -ah Caulfield on' 14th March, when tho Oakleigh- Ilandieap and other interesting events will lie .. submitted forapproval. Numerous intercolonial visitors will no doubt make an effort to extend . their stay over the V.A.T.O. fixture,- which gives every promiso of being a succe»3. Sutu,- factory entries are already to hand for the Oak leigh Handicap and Criterion Stakes, and tho other events requiring attention next Monday - are the Steeplechase, of 130 so . s. , South Yarra. Handicap, of 100 sors.; Handicap Hurdle Race, of 100 sors ; and Selling Race, ot 50 sovs. It is to bo hoped there will bo a bumper entry. The full programme of tho Cranbourne meet- ing appears in this week's /.radrr, nnd its con- . . tents are well worthy the perusal of . thoso owners whose convenience it may suit-to extend thoir patronage. Tho principal ueni contained therein are the Stoepleclinso, of 40 sors. ; . . Ladies' Bracelet, value 20 sovs.; Cranbourne Handicap, of 40 sovs. , and Handica p Hurdle Race, . ot 25 sovs. Entries can be made with Mr- T. Haydon, 100 Bourko-street west, bafore four,, p.m. on Tuesday next, 3rd March or w itli Mr. . R. J. Anketell, at the Mornington Hotel, Cran bourne, before eight p.m. the same dtn. " Attention, is directed to the programme of the Easter ineoting of the Williamstown Racing Cluby particulars of which nro given in the front page of The Ijtatler. Stokes to- thc .valuo et ' 295 sovs. are offered for competition, and I barn - no doubt tho customary patronage will be forth- : coming from owners of horses. Thoso who may bo- interested in : the mcotm-f to be held at Donald - on 10th March .vrjll find full particulars of the programme in our. adver- rising columns; Tho general entries cjoso on Monday, tlio day preceding the meeting — Our Sydney corrcsponacnt wiegrapntt -inn® Surrey was baekod oil Monday to win a large si(in for tho . Newmarket Handicap a t 100 s to 4. and 5; Garfield had about £1500 .written against y. liim at similar figures.. - The adjourned meeting, of. the members of the Beecliworth Amateur Racing Club was held at Allen's Star -Hotel on -.Monday evening, Mr. F. Allen presiding." Dr. Deslion was appointed honorary : secretary. A, teouiniittee was ap pointed and £100 allot til fOT the Easter Mondoj- lneetlng... -. Our Hobart correspondent telegraphs that at n meeting of stewards of tlie Tasmanian ' Raolng Club; held on Monday evening, it was decided l» disqualify Frederick Inmnerse for any appear ance at-thc" F.lwick course for all time. Lain- ,merse, it wUl be remembered, w-as implicated in tho Ticliborno affair at Hobart, and hi warning biia .off Ebviok tbo stewards only endorsed tho action of the turf club at T.aun- ceston. I Tho sale of booths for the' autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was held at Kirk's Bazaar by Messrs. Campbell and Pratt on Mon day. Evidently in anticipation that fine warm weatkor will prevail during tho meeting tho bidding was spirited. The amount realised by the salo was £584, being £85 10s. in excess of the amount obtained by the club from this source last year. The following were the sales : — No. 6a booth, on hill, Mr. II. Skinner, £42 ; No. 1 ditto, ditto, Mr. H. Skinner, £50; No. 3 ditto, ditto, Mr. H. Skinner, £48 ; No. 5 ditto, ditto, Mr. J. Shcehan, £46; No. 7 ditto, ditto, Mr. R. S. O'Brien, £42 ; No. 9Aditto. ditto, Mr.' TVm. Evans. £48 ; No. 9n ditto, ditto, Mr. IVm.' Evans, £16 ; fruit stall, on hill, Mr. Woolf, £7 ; oy6tor stall, ditto, Mr. WooH, £2; No. 8 booth on fiat, Mr Skinner, £17 ; No. 6 ditto,; ditto, Mr. Skinner, £17 ; No. 4 ditto, ditto, Mr. Skinner, £18 ; No. 2 ditto, ditto, Mrs.' D'ArcjV £19; outer carnage paddock, Mr. H. IV. Bolger, . £32 ; gates, Mr. John IVarne, £180. Total,' £584. ' , Affairs appear to have pnssed off more tamely at Lauuccston than at Hobart, and a field of only fom- starters for tho Cup was anything but an attractive spectacle. Hobart, with odds on, easily supplemented his southern victory, and Minerva distinguished herself by appropriating " both tho hurdlo races, after which she was purchased by a Victorian owner. Pride of the Hills, who ran second to her on tho last day,, will also cross tho straits. True to his colors whenever a favorite, Deceiver refused to ncgotiato the jumps, and the Steeplechase thus went to Colebrook, who quickly returned to hie new owner a portion of tho purchase money. Corop entries anil acceptances close on the' 3rd March, on which date nominations require to bo made for tho two valuable handicaps to bo ran for at Wileannia in April, also for tho1 Cranbourue events. Landsborough nominations close on the 7th of March. The hurdle racers Dlverstoue, Colebrook and; Minerva have arrived from Tasmania, and are provided with quarters at Bowling Forest. The steeplechaser Deceiver has changed hands_ ; , for £200, a Mr. Powell, of Bnllarat, being the purchaser. Tho uncertain roan will he allowed to remain in Batty's charge. ; Mr. Ii. L. Smith's coinmodions hoxcs at Caul- V. field, formerly tenanted by -D. Robinson, have been purchased by Mr.E. TVeekes. . i . -Garfield, Brown , and > Rose and Manchester are tlielatest arrivals from Sydney. Contrary, to, expectation Archie did not accompany Brown; H and Rose. Mr. E. De Mestre's filly by Piscator' — Lady Spec arrived earlier in the week. She' is engaged in the Sires' Produce Stakes. The Rivcrina representatives, Minerva,) Student and Trickett have arrived at Fleming-' ton in charge of Yeomans.' Minerva is '.en-' , engaged in tho Newmarket Handicap at 7 st. II lb., and is a fancied candidate in certain! quarters. Prometheus put in an . appearance at head) quarters on Wednesday morning, looking . a vastly improved auimal since, last seen on the turf. He is located at tbo. Racecourse Hotel. . Le Grand went dead lame oh Tuesday morn ing, and Mr. D. S. Wallace, who was present oil the training ground, scratched. the crack.for all' engagements on his return to town. The Doon annual races are aimounced io take place on 2nd April. A telegram from our .Adelaide correspondent ,, states that at a meeting of stewards of tho! Adelaide Racing Club held on Thursday, it was resolved to urge the citizens to subscribe to enable the usual birthday race meeting to be' held, the club promising to give £1 for oveiy £1 sub-, scribed. This arrangement, it is.hoped, will ob viate the necessity of following the example-of the S. A. J. C. in holding their meeting in Mel bourne. . The dispute between Mr. IV. Pearson and tha V.R.C., re the" division of the Bagot Stakes, has .keen amicably settled, tho owner of Commotion . receiving half tbo stakes as at first claimed. ) The .Milawa Racing Club have decided to hold their meeting on tho 17th March. The principal events are the Milawa Handicap,' Maiden Plato, and Trotting Match. The highest. stake is £16! A meeting of the stewards of the Clones Racing Club was held at Blionx's National Hotel, on Wednesday, the 18th inst., when the protest lodged against Saleynrds, the winner of the Open Handicap, for haviDg run t an unregistered race meeting on Now Year's day, 1885, was dismissed, satisfactory evidence being produced that the meeting in question (Newstead races) was duly run under the rules <& the VUt.C. The secretary presented a state ment of recipts and expenditure in connection with the recent meeting, which exhibited a pro fit of £20, which will he devoted to improve ments on the course. Stakes won at tho meet ing were passed for payment. A hearty yoto of thanks was accorded Mr. J. II. Blianx, the lion, secretary, for the ofiicient manner in which he carried out all arrangements. 