The Alarm of Poison. Kemble, in the zenith of his fame, played Hamlot 'at Newcastle, when Bensley, who was the leading actor of that company, had the honor to be cast for the Ghost, Kemble's high popularity made him, of course, n vast attraction in a country theatre ; and Bensley was much annoyed at having to second the greatness of such an artist. Accordingly, he studied the part of the Ghost, having got but short notice, in great tribulation, almost up to the hour of performance; amazingly tormented by an apprehension that the affair would, in some way or other, injure his repu tation. When the time came for dressing, Bensley's fears were not abated. He put on the Ghost's leather armour, which fitted him horribly; swearing by turns at the Ghost, the armour, and the manager; and all the while, at intervals, repeating frag ments from his part, as to his accuracy even in the text of which he was by no means entirely satisfied. At length the curtain rang up, and it occurred to Bensley that a moderate draught, taken in time, might give him firmness ; and thereupon—still repeating his part at in tervals—he summoned the call-boy to bie aid. "Boy" (calling), "mark me!" (re peating) " if ever thou did'st thy dear father love " (this was out of the character.) " 1 am not in the habit of taking strong liquors on nights when I perform ; but, prithee, go to the public-house at next door, and get me a glass of brandy and water." When the brandy and water came, the first scene of the play going on all this while, Bensley, who had still the book in his hand studying, drank it off at a single draught: but, as he set the empty glass down, to his surprise, and rather indignation, he perceived a strong red sediment lying at the bottom of it. Bensley was not a man to be trifled with. He immediately sent the glass back to " The Crown," from whence it came, desir ing moreover to know what the landlord meant by offering him so filthy a potation. -A. Xj .a. e, :m: e JD , Within the next minute he was called to go upon the stage; and still grumbling about the liquor and the character, he walked downstairs, and made his entry as the buried Majesty of Denmark; but 110 sooner had John Kemble, with "Angels and ministers of grace, defend us 1" started on one side, than his eye caught the landlady of "The Crown " in the wings on the other, wringing her hands, and throwing her person into dreadful distortions, and calling on him for heaven's sake to come off. Bcnsley made up his mind that the woman, as well as all the rest of the world, was frantic; and went on with his part as well as he could, it being in that scene only dumb show ; beckoning and signing to Hamlet very solemnly with his truncheon, and looking cannon-balls the other way at the landlady, who was so vociferous as to be heard almost at the back of the gallory. At length the time of exit came. " Madam, what is the matter with you ?" "The matter)—Oh, Mr. Bensley 1—Oh, forgive me—on my knees—miserable sinner that I am." " Why, what in the name of the fiend ails the woman ?—get up." * ■ "The gloss—the brandy and water—the glass—red arsenic—Oh, sir, you are poi soned 1" " Poisoned I" " Oh, yes—oh, forgive me I—My eldest daughter set the glass on the shelf, with red arsenic for the rats ; 1 mixed it in the dusk —there was no candle—oh, on my knees 1" As the written part dropped from Bens ley's hand, the scene had shifted, and Kemble added himself to the party. " Come, Bcnsley, the stage is waiting." " Sir, I can't help that; I'm poisoned." " Ob, poisoned 1—Nonsense—the people, my dear sir, are hissing in the pet." " Sir, I—what can 1 do ?—1 tell you I'm poisoned—I'm in the agonies of death." " Well, but, my dear Mr. Bensley, if you are poisoned, you can play this one scene, what are we to do ? And, in the end, Mr. Kemble, who did not know well what it all meant, absolutely hurried Bensley on the stage, and they began the scene together, Bensley playing the Ghost under the full conviction that, in five minutes, he should bo a gliost in earnest. The play, under these auspicious circumstances, proceeds: Hamlet: " Whither wilt tbou lead me 1 Speak, I'll go no farther." Ghost: " Mark me I—(aside—I believe 1 shan't be able to go much farther)." Hamlet: "AlasI poor ghost." Ghost: " I am thy father's spirit."—(A side—" Oh, that terrible brandy and water! I am dying.") Hamlet: (Aside.)—" Nonsense—stay a little—you'll descend directly." Ghost: (Aside)—"I can't go on." Hamlet: (Aside)—" Then you'd better go off. I'll apologise." Mr. Kemble then comes forward, and tells the house that Mr. Bensley is suddenly in disposed. In the meantime a surgeon lias been sent for, who examines the poisonous glass, and declares that whatever it con tains, it is innocent o£ arsenic. In the end, the call-boy is again produced, when it turns out that the peccant vessel was not the landlady's of the Crown at all, but that the messenger had himself carried a glass for the brandy and water with bim from the theatre, and had, moreover, aecidently taken that winch contained the rose-ping, mixed to make "blood " for the murderers in the ensuing pantomime. 