Concentrated -News \- Queensland. !"The telephone ia now largely used in Charters Towers. — The Port Douglas maize crop is- anticipated to' yield 1,800 tons.1 There are. 1,82-3 names on the roll for the .nenr electorate of Mua^raye; . A shark 6 feet long; has been caught in the j town reach of the Mary river.. I During the present season 8,200 tons of sugar have been supplied from Maekay. About £100 has been subscribed by the Boulia people for a Christmas race meeting. The want of ice is severely felt in Gympie, which has to depend for its supplies on Bris bane and Maryborough. It is probable that & tri-weetly mail coach service between Gympie and Brisbane will be •stablisHod in a short time. : A hawker .named Byrne has been fined £20 by the Winton P.M. for sly-grog selling on the Warrnambool Downs station. •: A grand assault at arms was held ia Bock hampton a few days ago, and was a great suocess. .The police and naval brigade look part. :Mr. ,:Palmer, the divider of runs under the I/and -Board, is now in Roma. Already he has gone through about 2,000 square miles in the Koma district. I. At a meeting held recently, the publicans of Toowoomba decided npon certain prices for ▼arioua bottles of spirits. This was owing to the increased duty. >; A man named Peter Borl, who keeps an accommodation house at Cox's dam, Woking* bam Creek, on the Hughenden road, has to cart water 65 mi 'es for the supply of travellers. ;. M'Dermott, who styles himself the champion walker of Australia, is now in Gympie, where, a fewdaya ago, he walked. 110 miles in twenty four hours. The lost mile was accomplished ' in 6 mips. 53 sees. I Ajvell-dreased American jjnegro, who had a : •firBt-clAss ticket, was ejected from a Bunda berg carriage recently by the atationmaster, as i hot good enough to travel in the same com* ' pany with whites. The Government land sile held at Towns- I ville on the 23rd November was a groat success, ' only three allotments, which are almost inac cesrible, being unsold. Tho land realised a high average price, the* total amount being (oyer£16,000. ' % !T. Another "grand supply' of;water' has' been struck in the Charlevillo Divisional Board well at a depth of 55 feet, and gives 18.000 gallons per day. This well was abandoned, as the supply ran oat 30 feet, but on being deepened -gave the above results.' > • - ^ The "patent slip" which for many months has been in cour&o; of. construction for tho Towosviile .Foundry and Shipbuilding Com pany on the Ross Inland bank of the creek, is , now completed, and on November 23 a vessel was taken upon it for the first iimo. I Mr. D. S. Robertson, one of the assistants 1 at the Toowoomba Grammar school, has been, presented with an address, an illumi nated album containing pictures of Too woomba, a eilvur pencil care, and a silver mounted hunting whip, by tho scholars, on the 'occasion of his departure for Melbourne. •r A' Roma correspondent saya:—" Thousands of sheep ere dying on all the runs hero, par ticularly at Mount Abundance, as are tho cattle on the Maranoa. From this to Aduvalo is like a road all the way, hundreds of men are employed catting down trees to feed tho stock ; they 1 have nothing else to eat.'' An observant naturalist noticed that while the thunderstorm was raging at Bockhttmpton on November 20, a large flock of swifts flew over the town. They passed from south-west to north-east, and as they were not hawking about in search of flies it was concluded they were migrating. Their presage may denote a coming change in the weather. A laughable occurrence took place on tho Bockhampton wharf on tho 23rd ultimo. A lumper had his foot on the top of a barrel of butter, when suddenly the head gave way and his leg disappeared, to reappear again smothered-in butter up to the knee. The man's appearance and the ill grace with which be accepted the ridiculous position were most A tremendous cy on the afternoon of the 23-' a large amount of damage.: ^Morris's hotel was .blowii to^tho ground, and the roofs of several othw houses carried off. Messrs. -Burns/Philp,' and Go's timber shed was blown down;:f Only . eighty-seven points' of rain' feli j b'ut: it oatne in' good time, for the town wells were exhausted the previous day. . . . . . From the farming districts whero the wheat hirve-t is in full swing, wo (IVarwiek Examiner) are glad to len'rn that tho yicld'of grain will be -considerably-greater than, was at . one. time, anticipated. Paddocks which woro thought would produce little or nothing havo given a. fair quantity of grain, which; while showing signs of the drought in being a little pinohed, is nevertheless a good healthy clean wheat, and .will make excellent flour. j Despite the dull times and the depression arising from a bad season, the building trade finds something to do in and about Ipswioh,' as the many now buildingaJte.stify.•* Tho saw-' mill trade should also be fairly brisk, too, und ' it is remarkable what a numl>er of mills of all sizes aro scattered over "West Moreton. Some of the local men were beginning to. fear that, on account of scarcity of grass, teams would not he able to work and keep up the. supply of tog timber. ..Just before tho commencement of the service in St. Paul's Church, Ipswich, on Sunday evening the. skylight fixed in tho roof for tho purpose of giving more light to tho organist and choir fell in with a tremendous crash, which was heard for' a considerable distance off. Fortunately thoro were but few persona in tho building at the time, as had it occurred after the service had commenced, the conster nation would have been great, and probably resulted in serious accidents. " Adjutant" Wright and Mrs. Wright—a perfect Host in herself—of tho Salvationists, arrived at Maryborough by the Rodondo la3t Saturday, and were u-hered by a tom-toming mass to the Temperanco Hall." The "Ad jutant" is tho general organiser of the Queensland forces, and it is said that the devil has not tho ghost of a show whero this warrior is knocking aronnd. Yery large meetings of the army took place on. Sunday, both at the Temperance and Town Halls. Peaceful Rookhamptoo is once more invaded by a host of "spielers" and vagabonds of that class, who are all more or less in a state of impecunloeity, and are therefore not likely to leave empty-handed unless compelled to do so. We (Bulletin) have already heard of some of the nomadic gentry having commenced their "rosy little games," and therefore giro house holders warning to be prepared against a noc turnal visit from them. Doors and windows ehoold be made secure, and "unconsidered trifles" placed beyond the reach of their thieving hands. 