SUNDAY READING. THE GALATTAH LAPSE (By His Lordship the Bishop op Melbourne.) The Town-hall was filled in every part on ' the afternoon of the 5th inst. on the ocaasion < of the delivery by the Bishop ef Melbourne I of the second of his series of lectures on tbe " Galatian Lapse." the impulse under which the galatians fell. The Bishop said : We have to ask to-day the question, what was the influence, under the impulse of which the Galatians fell? And that brings us into the very heart of a contro versy, now, indeed, in its unmediated antagonism a thing of the past, but still living on, and revived this very year by Pro fessor Pfleiderer, not in Berlin, where he is professor of theology, but in London. the tubingen school. Tbe theory of the earlier Tubingen school, that there was a bitter feud between the anostles of the circumcision and of the uncir- cumsiou, and an irreconcilable opposition bstweeu their doctrines, may now be re garded, to use the words of Archdeacon Farrar, as a " religious romance," founded on the words of our epistle, " before that certain came from James." I am far, however, from thinking that the controversy aroused by the publication of that romance was useless. It brought out a great deal that was interesting about the currents of opinion in the primitive church. Is showed us that the church of the first century, instead of enjoying that purity and peace which we fondly attribute to it, was even more distracted by disputes atd slanders than that of our own time ; that the golden age is quite as much a dream in the history of tbe Christian Church as in the traditions of clas sical poetry ; that human nature has never for long been less intractable than we find it ; and that especially the Apostle Paul was pursued and persecuted by a Christian sect with an unscrupulous and malignant hatred, which might even have excited surprise amongst ourselves. I see that Professor Ffleiderer still believes, not only that the Gospel according to St. Luke was an irenicon between the Pauline Gospel according to St. Mark, and the anti-Pauline Gospel according to St. Matthew, but also that when St. James wrote, "Ye see that by works a man is justi fied, and not by faith only," he made a direct polemical reference, not to those who had abused St. Paul's doctrine, but to that apostle himself. I can see no sufficient justification for such conclusions. They appear to me to be the last survivals of a theory being rapidly driven out of the field of thought, and only now in teresting as forcing us to contemplate steadily initial differences in Christian doctrine which we might otherwise overlook or treat too lightly. st. paul and st. james. That here was a difference of mental atti tude and disposition between St. Paul- and St. James, and that this difference in the nature of the two men expressed itself in the form of their teaching, and carried them not seldom into sym pathy with opposite sides, is, I believe, all but demonstrated. That there is not, tor instance, in the whole epistle of St. James a single direct reference either to the incarnation, the atonement, justification by faith, or the conflict between the flesh and the spirit, is a fact which speaks volumes. To review the controversy left us by the Tubingen school would be, however, an endless and unprofit able task. Instead, therefore, of wasting your time in such an effort, I will endeavour to lay before you as concisely as I can the true history of the rise and progress of the Jewish- Christian opposition to St. Paul. It will be necessary to begin with the apostle's own proof of the independence of that preaching which he calls " his gospel." It is certainly startling, when we com3 to think of the matter closely, to be told by one who never knew the Lord in the flesh, that he neither received the truth which he preached from man, neither was he taught it, but "by the revelation of Jesus Christ." What can the apostle mean? we are disposed to ask. Does he mean that he knew nothing whatever of whatrthe Lord said and did while he was upon earth ? If so, how can he be a Christian ; where can ho have learned the spiritual principles of his Master's teach ing ? Surely, in that case, he ought to lay claim to be an original founder, and not a mere disciple of Jesus Cnrist. st. paul's conception of chsist. So far, however, is the apostle from making any such claim, that there is not one of the twelve, of whom we would say as unreservedly as of Saint Paul, that he entirely lost himself in the Saviour. He not only calls himself the "slave" of his heavenly Master, declaring that he is determined to know nothing among men but " Jesus Christ, and Him crucified, but ha looks upon all his work as the mere outflow of Christ's energy, and upon his own spiritual existence even as nothing but an indwelling of Christ within his soul. If, then, he owes everything to Christ, and yet gained nothing from men, can he mean to say that he was made to live over again in vision the whole earthly career of his Master, and so, as it were, to sGe and hear for himself at firsthand? No shadow of such a claim is anywhere made. What, then, does St. Paul mean by claiming independence for his gospel? I tbink we are compelled to conclude that when he spoke of his gospel as distinct from that of others, he was referring to that special form of truth into which the great spiritual principles and doctrines con nected with his Master's life and death bad been ca«t in the course of his own mediation and teaching. Baur himself observes that St. Paul must have been well acquainted with the outward facts of his Master's earthly career. These he might easily have learnt, if indeed he needed then to learn them, while staying with Ananias at Damascus after his conver sion, But every ordinary Christian knew these facts. And to know them was to be a long way still from St. Paul's conception of his Master's eternal relation to mankind. Many vital questions would remain still to be asked. How had Christ's death and resurrection affected the application of tbe principles of his teaching? How had bis relation to the church been changed by the outpouring of Pentecost? Above all, how was a Christian's relation to the law altered bv the death of Him who bore its curse? Upon this last question especially, the Lord had left no ex plicit instructio ns. He had said indeed that his kingdom was to b8 as wide as the world. But then, as every Jew hoped that obedience to the law would be equally universal, there was nothing in mere universality to limit legal obligation. No doubt Jesus had carried his spiritualising of the law so far as to impiv in effect its abolition. For what would become, for instance, of all that mass of legal precepts., which implied service at the temple if, in the new era, men were to worship the Father neither at Samaria nor at Jerusalem? Or how would a law command universal and perpetual respect of any portion of which it could be truthfully said that it was not good in itself, but only " added because of the hardness of men's hearts ?" Still all this was so far mere matter of inference. And before men will surrender the habits, and especially tbe privi leges, of ages and generations, they demand an authority more explicit than mere in ference. the effect of st. paul's conversion. To a thoughtful man, taking this into ac count, the immediate outlook of Christianity at the period of St. Paul's conversion was very grave indeed. No doubt it had many converts among the chosen people. But then all these were zealots for the law. They frequented the temple services and sacrifices, kept the Sab baths and ordinances, observed all the na tional laws and customs, and, in a word, appeared most likely to their neighbours to have become the better Jews for having turned Christians. This appears all the more likely from the fact that after the short, sharp spasm of persecution, of which the chief victims were first Stephen, and then, after an interval, James, the Church of Jerusalem had peace for twenty years. Chris tians, indeed, in Jerusalem would appear to their neighbours, and probably to themselves, to be that portion of Israel who believed that the long-expected Messiah had come in Jesus of Nazareth, had sanctified their hearts by His spirit, and would soon come again to restore the kingdom to Israel. There was nothing in such a position as this, either on the one ide to excite bitter animosity or on the other to impel Christians to separate themselves from the law ; and it really seemed for a moment as if the mighty enthu siasm of Pentecost might sink into respect able legalism — as if Christianity might be strangled in its cradle by the iron hand of the law — as if it might sink into an obscure Jewish sect, and disappear in the national ruin, instead of breaking its fetters, spreading its mighty spiritual pinions, and claiming the universal heaven as its home. But then, just at the crisis, the Divine Lord of the Kingdom fulfilled his eternal counsel by the miraculous capture (to use a Pauline figure) of the Great Apostle of the Gentiles. To St. Paul, from that hour, Jesus Christ was not the mere Jewish master who had taught and lived by the lake and on the hills of Galilee, but the Divine man from heaven, the risen conqueror, who had arrested him in his career of persecu tion, and sent him to labour at the ends of the earth, his mission to the gentiles. Not then to those Judæan teachers did he go, who were apparently settling down into a received position among the Jews, but away into the far Arabian wilderness — away, I believe, like Elijah, to the terrible rocks of desert Sinai itself. There he would be still — away from the noise and babble of the world. There alone with God he would commune with his own heart on the meaning ot the awful blessed thing which had happened to him. There, in those stern desolations, which spoke so solemnly of the law's iron demands, he would ponder the relations of God's ancient word to the soul-shaking thoughts which, under Divine inspiration, were shaping them selves within him. He had a present to realise, a past to understand : and in the light of both, a great, vague, heart-troubling future to anticipate. There he lived, thought, and prayed, how long we know not, but long enough at least to enable him to gain a firm spiritual hold of the truth he was seeking: — the relation, viz., of his risen and glorified Lord to his own heart, to the word of God, to the Christian Church, and to the miserable dying heathen world. Then, after three years, he went to Jerusalem to see Peter, and abode with him fifteen days. A blessed season of refreshing, we cannot doubt, for the solitary and thought- vexed man. For not less by his sunny Christian sympathy, than by his affectionate memories of their common master, St. Peter must have comforted the heart and enlarged the know ledge of the mighty convert. His visit would seem to have been for the Apostle Paul an almost private one, for other of the Apostles, he tells us, he saw none, in the course of it, save James, the Lord's brother. his meeting with peter and john. Now the Apostle skips a long, and for him somewhat stormy period, that of his first call to missionary work, and that of his first Gentile mission in company with Barnabas. On their return to Antioch, the Apostles are first confronted by that Jewish Christian opposition which was henceforth to be the worst earthly cross which St. Paul waa called upon to bear. Certain men came down from Judea, who began to teach the Gentile brethren of Antioch that it was necessary for them to be circumcised. Paul and Barnabas resisted this claim with all their might. From what we know of the former, we may be sure that he would have resisted it to the end had he stood alone in the church and in the world. But in that event the Christian church must have been divided into two camps, which, instead of joining their forces to assail sin and ignorance, would have exhausted each other in mutual conflicts. This must be avoided at all hazards. It was resolved, therefore, to refer the whole question in dis pute to the Apostles and elders in Jerusalem. There, for the first and only time in his life, St. Paul met the three great pillars of tne Christian church — Peter and John, and James, the Lord's brother, two of these four at least being the greatest prophets and thinkers of their time. Never, in all her stormy history, has a greater crisis overtaken the church. For the issue to be decided was not less than this: — Whether the Church of Christ should remain a Jewish sect or become a world-wide kingdom. The action of the Apostle Paul was as wise as it was self- effacing. He went at once to the leaders of the Christian Church, and communicated to them clearly what that Gospel was which ha had been preaching among the Gentiles. At once they accepted it as the truth, and gave to him and Barnabas the right and of fellowship. At the council which was assembled to consider the matter, Paul and Barnabas, with admirable wisdom, said nothing about principles, but confined themselves to giving a faithful account of the manner in which God the Holy Ghost had blessed their preaching. With good and pious men this is always a powerful argument. It was the fait accompli which silenced those who objected that Pater had eaten with men 'uncircumcised in the house of Cornelius. " The Holy Ghost fell on them," cried the Apostle, "and who was I that I could resist God !" It was substan tially the same argument which was advanced now by Paul and Barnabas, and to it, we may suppose, even more than to the .Pauline address of St. Peter, was it due that oppos - tion faded away. The matter seemed to be decided by Apostolic authority and the act of God. the compromise of st. james. But then Arose James, and though he had nothing to urge either against the principles of Petar or the acts of Paul, he is obviously not prepared to advance as far as either in ' practice. Hei proposes accordingly a com promise which, - while affirming the liberty of the Gentiles, shall leave Jewish con verts to live as they have lived hitherto; providing, moreover, that for charity's sake, to avoid giving offence to Jewish brethren, the Gentiles shall observe certain restrictions in eating. Substantially this was a victory for St. Paul. On the main point of the obligation of circumcision, it affirmed the freedom of the Gentiles. And at first, perhaps, this might have seemed all which was necessary. Time however, soon revealed the essential weakness of this compromise. In such a church, for in stance, as that at Antioch, where Jewish and Gentile Christians mixed at meals, and specially at the Agapæ, dissension might at anytime be introduced by Jewish brethren. They might urge that to a proper keeping of the law separation from the meals of the uncircumcised, even when those uncir cumcised were Christian brethren, was an absolute necessity. Relaxations might be permitted, no doubt, to the weakness of the poor Gentiles, but still, you know, if they were asked privately their own opinion of such Christianity, they must say that the lesB they had to do with it the better. . At Jeru salem, under the presidency of the Lord's own brother they felt themselves in the Kingdom of God, but at Antioch, or Ephesus, or any of those objectionable places in the Gentile outlands, while they would not positively say that they preferred synagogue to church, still it well nigh came to that. They might indeed worship with such disciples, but as for eating with them, that they would never do, and they looked anxiously for the time when the leaders of the church, discovering their mistake, would revert to the holy strictness of the yet uncorrupted Church of Jerusalem. Mean while, how was St. Paul treating this question of allowed Jewish conformity ? More and more he spoke of the law as a mere national code, good perhaps for the Jews so long as their national polity subsisted, but binding on no man, whether born a Jew or a Gentile. Regeneration of heart could never be obtained along the line of obedience to law. In the battle against sin law was nothing, and cir cumcision was nothing, but only faith, which worketh by love. A Gentile Christian was bound to avoid circumcision and holiday- keeping in order to show that he trusted only in the grace of Christ. What bitter exaspera tion such teaching would produce among Christian Pharisees we can easily conceive, the plot of the jews. That the Gentile Christians, in the name of Paul, should brush aside their scruples, and laugh at their airs of uperiority, would be far worse than if some irreverent non-conformist or low churchman should rudely tell a ritualist nowadays that his religion was not one of clothes, and postures, buc of heart and life. Worse, I say, because the ritualism to which these Christian Pharisees clung so tenaciously was tbat of an alien faith. They could not call themselves Mosaists, and yet they wanted to live as Mosaists, and to impose a Mosaic manner of life upon all others, an in consistency of which they must have been latently conscious and which must have made them all the more ready to take offence, because it exposed them to a crushing answer. At length the position became so intolerable that they resolved to endure ic no longer, but to make an end of it at once by crushing Paul, its chief defender, before his admirers at Antioch. Their plot was astutely conceived. Not a word would they say against the decree of the council. The Gentiles should attend their unclean banquets without a word of protest from them. But then they would claim and publicly exercise those rights, of which, thank God, the decree had not deprived them. By carefully abstaining from attendance at all Gentile meals, they would mortify the pride of these upstarts, and teach them their natural inferiority. The time for thi3 de monstration was craftily chosen. Peter, and Paul, and Barnabas were all at Antioch, and what they openly did in the presence of these great leaders could never afterwards be called in question. Day by day, then, the Jewish plotters passed the public boards of the Gentiles with cold and reserved demeanour, carefully separating themselves, and doubtless making as much stir as they could about their ostenta tious ceremonialisms. Can you not easily realise the immense effect of such conduct upon the Gentile brethren? Do as they would, they could not help respecting a Jew. Was not the Lord Jesus a Jew? Was not Paul, their great teacher, a Jew? Was not the mother church of the whole Christian world -still Jewish? And who were they, aliens born out of due time, to look down upon the children of the covenant ? As, then, they saw the delegates from Jerusalem passing by the rooms where they ate, with ill-repressed disgust, what a chill must it have struck to the heart of their brotherly love. How it must have filled them with perplexed humiliation. Nor was this the worst. Peter, the impres sionable, felt himself in so false a position when these Jewish aristocrats passed by him at the Gentile tables, that not to alienate the circumcision, he, too, passed away to the separate meals. How could he bear to meet his warmest friends and ablest sup porters at Jerusalem with a cloud on their faces? Their friendship, at all events, he must not lose. Peter thus gone, Barnabas began to waver. Certainly it did seem a privilege to be able to eat with either Jews or Gentiles, as one pleased. No Gentile would go to the exclusive table. Might he not then even increase his influence with the Gentiles by showing that that table was open to him as well as to Peter ? So, as one after another tell away, the_ poor Gentiles felt themselves thrust into an inferior place. They were made to feel tbat there was a church within a church, and that, if they would advance into the holy place they must consent to be circumcised, and keep the whole law. A cleverer plot was never laid ; and had it not been for one man there can be little doubt that its success would have converted the Christian Church from that day forward into a Jewish sect, with the risen Jesus for its Messiah. The truth of God was put in danger ; the hope of the world was being darkened ; humanity was being robbed of its best treasure. the protest of paul. But Paul was not the man to stand by silently and see such a thing done. So up he rose in the midst of them, at some meeting doubtless which was not a meal, and where all, including the apostles, were assembled. Not a word does he vouchsafe to the aris tocrats. They, with their narrow-souled exclusiveness, had acted after their kind, and what they did mattered only to a few But that Peter, the foremost man in Christendom, the man miraculously chosen to admit the Gentiles to the Christian church, . the man whose powerful pleading at the council had saved the Gentiles' freedom — that he should believe ons thing and do another was intolerable. Him at once, then, Paul attacks. " You are a Jew," he cries ; " if, then, in times past you have eaten freely with the Gentiles, seeing no harm in it, how is it now that by your example yon are teaching these Gentiles that they ought to live as Jews? Do you think that u you create a higher sacerdotal caste in the church, all these ignorant people will not be anxious to press into it ? Besides, the evil is not only a prac tical, it is much more a doctrinal one. If you observe these prosaic restrictions you acknow ledge the binding obligation of the ceremonial law. Now I appeal to you, as an honest man, do you believe that? Nay, do we not both know that it is your faith, as it is mine, that a man is not justified by works of law, but by faith of Jesus Christ? How, then, can you be so unfaithful to your trust as to put- it in peril by your equivocal conduct ?' It may seem little to us perhaps, after all these years, when the fierce passions of the primitive age have burnt themselves out, that St. Paul had the courage to stand forth, and, in the presence of the arrogant Pharisees, to rebuke their greatest leader to his face. But not the less was it a grand and heroic deed ; and not the less did it carry with it far- reaching and momentous consequences. The whole Jerusalem plot was blown to pieces. These men could never afterwards creep into Gentile churches and allege that the great Peter had refused to eat with the uncircum cised, while their audacious champion Paul had held his peace. No,-the result was of the very opposite kind. Peter was too honest a man to carry deception or unreality one step further, when once its deception had been faithfully pointed out to him. And, there fore, from that time onward, the gratified Gentiles could report that the attempt to create a Jewish caste in the church had in deed once been made at Antioch with the tacit support of Peter and Barnabas, but that as soon as Paul had lifted up his thunder- voice of truth, all had submitted to it, and once more the Agapae were eaten in common. With the heart of a woman, when his dear children forgot him or treated him unkindly, Paul had the courage of an archangel when the truth of God was endangered. Mobs were nothing to him, and very little more were kings and procurators, but to have stood forth thus alone, not only against Peter but also his own true yoke-follow, Barnabas — to have thrown not only all fear, but all friendship to the winds, when loyalty to the Lord Jesus de manded it, proves the apostle to have been one of those great and finely-tempered souls, very rarely fashioned in our human clay, by which God executes the purposes of eternity. the future workings of his opponents. Many were the lands and fortunes through which the glorious apostle was to pass before his next and his bitterest trial from the Christian Pharisaic party was to come upon him. At first that party seems to have been paralysed by the terrible blow which St. Paul had dealt it. For of their movements during the three years of the apostle's Ephesian ministry we know little or nothing. At Ephesus, in the school of Tyrannus, St. Paul had time not only to preach to men from all parts of Greece and Asia, but also gradually and insensibly to beat out into perfect form and clear expres sion those views of human regeneration through Christ, which he afterwards poured forth with such perfect mastery in the epistles to Galatia and Rome. His own thoughts, I cannot but believe, were gradually clearing themselves of every confusing asso ciation. Their change in a positive direction may not have been marked, but as his greater epistles show, they were becoming negatively sharper and less tolerant of unconformable elements. They were falling, too, into syste matic shape, finding their logical relation to each other, and the great thoughts of the earlier dispensation. Should any new need arise, the Apostle would be found ready to strike harder and straighter than ever before. And soon a_ very terrible need approached. The Pharisaie Christian party were changing their tactics. St. Paul in person they dared not meet. His word was a thunderbolt which shattered their flimsy sophisms to pieces in a moment. But none the less they hated him, and were resolved upon destroying his influence. He might be great, but he was not ubiquitous, and the plan they now resolved on was characteristic of the slow, persistent, deadly hate of baffled fanatics. While he was making his fine orations in the school of Tyrannus, and shining like a star before the motley crowds of Ephesus, they would quietly creep into the churches which he had left undefended in Greece and Galatia. No doubt, it seemed to them that he had broken the terms of the Jerusalem compromise, for what else than that was it to deprive them practically of that Jewish privilege of exclusive ness which the compromise had leifc untouched ? They would, therefore, on their side, pay as little heed to its concessions. They would insist everywhere that the Gentiles must be circumcised and keep the whole law. paul not an apostle. But how were they to gain a hearing among St. Paul's own disciples ? They must endeavour to discredit his person and undermine bis apostolic authority. The Second Epistle to the Corinthians, and that to the Galatians, exhibit fully their modus operandi. St. Paul, they alleged, was no apostle at all. He had never seen the Lord, except in some vision which he was fond of talking about. So far, indeed, was he from being an apostle, that he got his mission only from the subordinate church of Antioch. Let him show letters tes timonial, if he had any, like those they could themselves produce from the mother church of Jerusalem and James, the Lord's own brother. What was the worth of all Paul's arrogant boasting in the face of such proved defects as these? Again, he was teaching heresy. He told men that they need not keep the law. But who was it who had said that not one jot or tittle should by any means pass away from the law till all were ful filled? Nay, his own practice condemned him. Who had circumcised Timothy ? Who had become as a Jew to Jews that be might win Jews? He was a slippery and deceitful man, and as contemptible in speech and pre sence as he was heretical and untruthful in teaching. Nay, worse, did they not observe how craftily he disposed of the alms which he professed to gather for the poor saints at Jerusalem? It was all very well for him to work ostentatiously for his own bread, but let them inquire what became of the money which he professed to forward by Titus to Jerusalem. Were they going to be the bond slaves of snch a charlatan as this ? Were they going to allow themselves to be sepa rated by him from the holy severity of the glorious church at Jerusalem ? Let them turn while yet there was time, repudiate this sham apostle's authority, and rest once more in the unity of Zion. How vile a tissue of false insinuations this was, we know full well. But we can never know the anguish of heart with which the Apostle first heard, after his flight from Ephesus, that each things as . these had been believed of him by his own children in the faith. The mischief was bad enough at Oorintb. But in Galatia everything for the moment seemed to be lost. Nothing had been easier than to ptay upon the fickleness and credulity of these ignorant Ganls. The new ritual which the Judaizers brought pleased them as a new toy pleases a child, and it promised them, beside, a new religion of forms far more easy to observe than the severe and lofty principles of spiritual Christianity. Paul's defence. What was the Apostle to do ? He was in Macedonia when all this disastrous intelligence poured in upon him. In his indignation then and anguish he sat down, and wrote first the 2nd Epistle to tbe Corinthians, then that to the Galatians, and then at no great distance of time, in a quieter tone, that systematic expan sion of the Epistle to the Galatians, which he sent to Rome. So, the church won some of her greatest treasures out of the envenomed hate of these despicable Christian Pharisees. St, Paul at once throws all compromise to the winds. He will keep no terms with such men. They have accused him of vacillating statements. He will put it out of their power, at any rate, to make that statement again. His words shall be such as no human being can mistake. Indeed, the crisis was of such a kind as to make the very 'plainest speech a simple necessity. The issue raised was one of life or death, of gospel or no gospel, of freedom or bondage, of salvatian or destruction. Not only those poor wavering Gauls, but the whole church — yea, the whole human race— was interested in tbe result. It seemed as though the cause of humanity had been com mitted by the fiat of Providence to the Apostle's single arm, and by God's help be would not be wanting. Drawing, then, the sword, and throwing away the scabbard, be rushes to the front of battle, determined that he will not spare. " L marvel," he cries to the foolish Gauls, " that ye are so soon moved away from Him that called you to another gospel." " Oh, stupid Galatians, slaves of your senses, who can believe nothing you do not see. Did I not paint up Jesus crucified before your eyes, in lineaments so large, in colours so vivid, tbat you could make no mistake? Who, then, hath bewitched you with his evil eye ? How is it that yon are turning from the spirit to the fiesb, from freedom to bondage, from Sarah to Hagar ? How, having once known God, are ye turning again to the beggarly elements to which ye desire to become bondslaves. Law and circumcision, weeks, and months, and years fasts, sacrifices, festivals, and Sabbaths — I tell you they are all nought." " Neither cir cumcision is anything, nor uncircumcision — but a new creature." " Will you tell me tbat surely yon are no worse for circumcision, even if you be no better ? I deny it. I will not suffer you to be circumcised. If you be circumcised, you are debtors to do the whole law." " If you are circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing." " Is that clear enough for you ? Or do you wish me to be still more explicit ? Well, then, I tall you that your fine, new gospel is no gospel at all. It is a fall from grace. It is an apostacy. He who teaches it is a traitor to Christ and a foe to Christ's silly lambs who have gone bleating after him. Let him be anathema. And lest you shonld suppose this to be nothing more than the ntterances of an uncontrollable anger, I repeat it solemnly and deliberately, let him be anathema — let him be. cut off from the body of Christ." So he gore thundering over their heads, scattering all their new- sprung conceits and insolences as the storm scatters the dry leaves of autumn, and drives the obscene birds of night to the darkness of their nether caves As once before by the terror of his presence, so now by the might of his words, St. Paul broke and scattered the dark bands of sacerdotal inso lence and tyranny, and planted the flag of spiritual freedom, where it has been floating ever since— on the height of his glorious epistle. What lessons his polemic had for his own time we have seen ; what lessons it has for us I must endeavour to explain in my next lecture. 