? Wooed on the Silver Sea ; OB, Kingscliff Tower. CHAPTER X. THE TJH816NED WILL. It came out that Dacre Dunray had refused the snni of money left for him by his father becaase he could not accept certain conditions contained in a letter also left with the legal adviser. He had said that he wonld make a name for himself in literature, and for this purpose he hurried, as thousands of others have done, to the metropolis, to find nothing but disappoiutmont and worse than disappointment. The people had still something to talk about. The general was yet living, bat the doctor feared he would never recover his sight; and his mind was so affected that he kept ordering the doctor, the servants, and even the heiress herself, about in some strange language, which the latter rightly conjectured was Hindostanee, and so it was supposed that the veteran still imagined he was in India. A London physician was specially sent for, and consultation elicited the following facts :—That he sustained a mental shock of the severest nature ; that his nervous system was completely shattered by the electric fluid presumably ; and that his sight might be restored, but not for a *ery long period, and only after skilful and incessant treatment. It is no part of our duty to chronicle the painful features of this poor, lonely old fellow's illness. Everyone who came near him bore testimony to his yeanings for a place in some family circle. He had been alone all his life. The men in his regiment first, and in his command afterwards, were fine fellows ; bat what he wanted was home—home with his sister Marion and her boy, until the lad got married, the *ascal; and then he'd be gazetted a grand-dad, and promotion would stop there "altogether— until the fiual promotion came and he went aloft to be under the eje of the great commander to whom every true soldier bowed the knee. What could those two women do but fall in love with tbe old fellow whose longings were so much like their own— home and love— peace and happiness until the end, and the unspeakable reward? They became angels, those two, and almost forgot their own troubles and misery in ministering to his comfort and peace of tmnd. Long afterwards he used to tell of strange memories that came back to' him, of sweet music being played in soothing tones, and of pure voices blending together in hymns that to the, old warrior sounded like pffians of joy on the advent of one more repentant sinner to the realms of bliss. s One morning—it was Christmas day, the snow was on the ground and the bells of the old church were ringing— the skilled nurse, upon resuming her duties, was moving almost noiselessly about toe room, placing sprigs of holly and bunches of mistletoe in every convenient nook and angle. She did not know that the old general's large dark eyes were following her wistfully everywhere, or that every now and then her patient kept rubbing them, alternating that afttion, however, by running his wasted fingers through the wiry grey beard he had grown in the long weeks he had lain there. At last the woman was startled by— "That's England, anyway 1" She turned round abruptly and fell heavily on her knees. She was only a poor country creature, and so still had " feelings," althoqgh she had seen many deathbeds. She fell on her knees and cried— The Lord in His mercy hath corae to us in His own time, and th^t on His own day ; blessed be the name of the Lord." "Amen!" said the genera). Then he proceeded : " Limber up !" and the poor attendant thought that he was still distraught. She rose to her feet, however. *' Ah I that's right. Forward !" the veteran went on. "Let me see, I thought I recognised you, but I can't say that I bring you to mind. That doesn't count though, because I can't see you very clearly. It's getting brighter though. Just close the blinds a bit. I see the snow over there, and that is what makes the light painful, I suppose. You're a splendid homely English woman, and I haven't seen anything so ronnd, and fresh, and big, for twenty years and more—except those ayahs—but they are brown and flabby— nothing red about them. Here, don't interrupt me—I'm coming to it. Home from Calcutta to protect my own sister's boy a ad his property." Two eager and beautiful faces appeared at the door of the room at this ; moment. The owners were wrapped in ; fur cloaks, and wore sealskin caps. I From the books they held in their | neatly-gloved hands, it was plain they . had just returned from the early morning service. Blonde and brunette, i they were thoroughly English and ; thoroughly beautiful. ] " Let rae see," proceeded the general. j " From Southampton to London. Drove to St. James's-square. Plenty 1 of our fellows at the club. Can't delay. Pack portmanteau following morning, and take train to South beach. Coach —reminds me of my young days—fro ax there to Kiogsoliff Tower. Ha, ha, ha, ha, I have it 1 I stop at the door of the inn, order the best rooms from a stout lady, just like you—and—and— here I am." " Yes, sir, here you are, but not in an inn. You ought to thank the Lord—" " Hush, hush 1 my dear woman, I do," the old soldier went on quietly. " Don't interrupt me, there is something behind. Ah!" this very pathetically, " I have it now—out in the thunder and the lightning—up on the cliffs, while the wind whistled and shrieked up to the lights of the long windows, and then—I hear «he doom of my boy. Poor Marion's boy robbed—robbed of his own, and by him who ought to protect his interests." The old man paused, and sobbed convulsively. The nurse was too much awed to speak, and did not dare to leave her patient. Presently he continued— " Never mind, I thought. I am here to put tilings right. I am his uncle, and I have a little money of my own to leave him. Fll dash in and demand justice now. But oh 1 what is this ? The heavens seem bursting asunder. The earth is rolling beneath my feet, the sea is rising like mountains of molten fire to swallow us up. A great horror falls upon me. It is perhaps— nay! it must be—the last day." Another pause. " No matter! I am at my post. I should be fonnd to have done my duty 1 when the roll is called. Hal what*s this ? The heavens seem falling upon the earth—the waters surround us—I am caught and hurled into infinite space—and—and the rest is darkness." " What I have attempted to describe," he murmured by-and-faye, " was not altogether an illusion then ? Never mind ; Heaven has been good to me. I may yet see my boy. When the doctor comes bring him here instantly— or—or—ah 1 that is bettor—send for him." - " Please do not excite yourself, sir," pleaded the woman. " I am calm now," he answered. " Some one must go to Kingscliff Tower for Sir Robert Dunray." " Alas! sir," said the supposed heiress of Walmer Abbey, coming forward, followed .by her companion, " Sir Robert has Been brought home seriously ill. He is not expe&ed; to outlive the day. It is rnmored now that he never has been well flmoe the night he saw my lady's ghost at the window, and the qaarrel with bis son, it is supposed, has completely 19 broken him down." ' " What son ? Speak—I pray you !" ** The younger son—Dacre." " Where is he ?" " Somewhere in London/' " Lose hot a moment, lady ; and you," cried the general, addressing the supposed Loey Bnrtleman, " let me look at you closer. Why, you have the blue eyes of Archie Carringtoa. Ah 1 you are a Carrington, every inch of you." " Sir Archibald was my grand-uncle," mnrmnred the gdden-haired girl, «That voice!*; cried the general. « Ah! ft is vBty plo—amt. You supplied the music of thft-angele; but, fot me see, time presses. Send for the doctor and a lawyer, if there is. one here. Do not delay, my dear ladies. This is a serious matter. I shall not be calm until my mio4 is^at ease on this Thus admoitiifeffedfthe heiress of the period hurried ddW^staire, to meet the vicar kicking ftttf enow bom his great shoes under the Gothic porch. In a few sentences she explained to him the general's desire, tie hurried up to the old min'e room. As soon as he entered the room, General Lockhart began— " You are a clergyman. I must i speak.' Do hot be afraid that I will excite myself too much. Suspense will do me more injury. Listen ; or perhaps we had better wait for the doctor and the lawyer." " They will be here within five minutes," said tbe supposed Amy Carre-entering the room. And then, as tbe gentlemen hurriedly ^arrived—for the lady had sent a fleet messenger for them —the two ladies rose to withdraw. " 1 entreat you to remain, ladies. What I have to say may concern you. Answer me a question, Miss Carrington. Did Sir Robert Dunray never mention to you that you had a guardian under your grand-uncle's wQl other than himself?" The othar gentlemen present afterwards remembered thai the old soldier looked at the golden-haired companion as he asked the question. The dark, freckled woman, however, answered : * " We were never informed of such a fact, sir." " Ah! just like him. I am that other guardian. Mr Spurtleton must be sent for without loss of time. Ah ! doctor, I am grateful to you, but more of that presently. Your face seems as familiar to me as the faces we see in our dreams." The latter entreated the invalid to be calm ; but, as he would persist with the business a in hand, Mr Rose, the local lawyer, was presented in due form. (To be continued.) 