THE GEOLOGIST. THE SALT CAVES AT THE HUON. By S. H. W. No. II. In a very few minutes alter entering tbe homestead we were partaking of a most en joyable repast-enjoyable for ita purity and plainness consisting of sweet home-made bread, fresh butter, and fresh eggs, which we washed down with an infusion of congou thickened with cream. The way in which we attacked these unadulterated products of the farm gave good evidence of how much our gastronomic functions had been stimu lated by our trip. Having satisfied our re quirements we drew our chairs towards a olaong fire, and were soon engaged in sub mitting ««the fat weed that grows on Lethe's wharf to that operation known to chemists ta dry destructive distillation, in a word ' blowing the cool tobacco cloud." After my companion had related to the family circle the character of our trip-his first lesson in practical geology, and how we met with 'the spill, our conversation turned upon themes past and present till the hour arrived for re tiring to rest for the night Like many another, I can never sleep " that sleep which is most closely allied to death" on a strange bed, in a strange apartment I was, therefore, up betimes, while Janus'gates were but ajar-the sober silver grey of break ing day affording just sufficient light to make objects visible. I strolled into the orchard which comprised many acres of apple ^ec8; , . e ,lolje rows of symmetrically planted trees loosed like so many battalions of.weird arborean skeletons covered with clusters ot exaggerated anowllakes, for they were in full bloom. As the daylight grew and the zone of grey in the east gave place to hues incarnadine the wild birds began to pour forth their orisons. Clearer and louder than t . ,.e ®'hers was the day greeting of whistling Dick (Collurincincla Selbii), that bird of tawny plumage, of beautiful form and impudent ways. As the lluon River forms the northern boundary of the planta tion, I soon found myself at its bank. How different it looked now that the sun had just appeared above the horizon to what it did over night Blackness and sullenness be came transformed to sparkling silveryness an earth-artery pulsating with life and beauty and fringed with a network of wattle bending beneath the weight of golden halls of bloom, which made the air heavy with the excess of perfume. Mountains formed a vast framework to the landscape of the valley of the Kuon. In the distance rose the time-worn monarch of them all, Mount \\\ eUmgton, his head and shoulders steeped in hues of tenderest pink as he hurled back tlie golden shafts of the newlv-risen sun. Nearer far ascended the less-aspiring lluon Belle, BO named owing to its outline re sembling, it is eaid. a female in a recumbent attitude. The white mists, as yet, hung Jazily in the lap of the gullies, for Helios had not forged, at this early hour, those invisible chains which would lift them into tbe realms ,F inane. In those miscalled "eternal lulls -those stern and rugged memorials of long-past Plutonic wrath-that charming naturalist^ poet, philosopher, philanthropist and disciple of muscular Christianity, the Rev. Charles Kingsley, would have seen no grandeur, no beauty; for has he not written *l*Ji c^iarni*nJ? essay on Chalk Streams: I hate mountains. They may be Paradise for three months in the summer, but they are very inferno during the other nine I should like to compel my mountain worshipping friends to live under Snowden for a whole 12 months, that big, black head of his impertinently peering down into their gardens and sneezing and spitting forth hail, rain, snow, and bitter, freezing winds,11 &C.; ' Such language from such n lover of nature presents one of those remarkable psycholo gical paradoxes, which are as irreconcilable with.reason as Doctor Samuel Johnson believ ing in the Cock-lane ghost; or some of the latter-day leading philosophers being made the dupes of spiritualistic mediums. To me, mountains have the charm ot sublime grandeur, as their rock-crowned, sterile brows probe the upper air. They speak most eloquently of the ravages which time has made on the surface of our planet, while they chronicle in unmistakable language the I character of those mighty terrene forces which gave them birth in an inconceivably | remote antiquity. I cannot help thinking that the large, tender heart of the author of fresttoard Ho/ and AUon Locke was touched with the gall of cantankerousness when he penned the above libel on mountains. Every man has a twist, be he ever such a genius -be he ever BO honest. Did not on intimate acquaintance with the Alps influence Byron's muse to the extent of inspiration,which bade him pour torth in deathless song his soul impressions of majestic grandeur and the awe-awakening genius of solitude and vast- i nesa? Or, was it a hollow heart- mockery ' and unholy sham ? Let us hope not, 1 for the faith that is left in hu manity. Did Samuel Coleridge play the ? part of poet-imposter when he wrote his i 'Morning Hymn to Mont Blanc?" Or, i did Sheridan Knowles feel that the language i which he put into the mouth or the mythical ! William lell upon his return to his native i j mountain-home was mere moonshine and bunkum? Who that has stood upon the top- i most pinnacle of a high mountain has not felt his soul expand with a keener sense of i the grand and the beautiful as he surveyed i the ever-changing panorama of hill and ' | valley, river and sea ? He acquires a con- i scjousness of terrene immensity that is i denied him in the lower regions as the i proudest cities dwindle down to the compara- ; tive insignificance of formicaries; and, if he be a naturalist, he finds himself brought face to < face with the evidences of the wondrous mutations which have been effected by time i and tide. ! I was aroused from the contemplation of ? the panorama around me, and the reverie ' which it suggested, by a shrill coo-e-e coming i from tbe direction of the homestead. This I answered, and soon learned that it was a summons to breakfast, to which meal-to me the phrase-I did " ample justice," owing I ; suppose to the pure invigorating morning air which I had oeen breathing. From our highest flights in the regions of sentiment and philosophy we must come down, sooner or later, by the fprce of vital economy to the i gastronomic demands of bread and cheese. , «e were soon on our way to the caves, my friend taking the lead. We had not pro ceeded Mr when I picked np a fragment of limestone fall of splriferers, productuses, and corals. It was unwatcrworn, and this fact induced up to look about for its parent sonrca Thw I soon found in an outcrop of the same carboniferous limestone that wenad ® jjpuned on the previous day at the crown m. re ^iththe fossil shells entire. From hat point the road to the Huon River was a gradual descent. but no limestone was visible tor the intervening 16 miles till now, it being covered np by thp mudstone, previously men tioned, ana trap rock, and recent deposits. Now we etood nearly 700ft. lower, and we find it again. In this outcrop, which in »v; dently a lower Btratum of the lormntin!? S n? j on,'7tlle Bame fossil shells as thr^ described, but also foasil oysi^it pectens or comb-shells as the name imS commonly known at the present ' sea lops-the tea-measurers of our grand8 mothers), much larger than what we see«t ^ i thM proving what a rmote ancestry the common oyster, which we as a del cacy, and. the ornainentel Sffiof classical associations can boast Bnt LT pready the lime of theahells is alteSi X. has been transmuted into a semi-trSmrenf crystalline substance, just as though Tffi or Oamaru limestone had been converted intn ^substance like alum or semUpaqu^bartS ihi? sP?fc by lowing a narrow track, which for the most part skirted thn edge of the sandstone cliff, a walk of^ .?'broag^,«" to the site of the caves Follow me, was the command of mr pjaide as he left the track, and stepping over the verge of the cliff hejbegan to Knd by laying "hold of grass tussocks and stunted WMtthfn .8trUgg?ed f?r a? existence thereof While following my leader, depending moi« upon my hands than my Teet-L £ very few places could a foothold be obtained -I was painfully conscious, may I aav of the fact that in the event of one of those' &t; J®Mrai1 ,ior.al supports giving way through a sudden strain by the loss of a foothold it would be followed by a dull, heavy thud far below, darkness, and eternal oblivion-the splash of a very email rain-drop in the ereat ocean of the past But fortunately or other wise, which of the two I am sometimes | heretic enough to be doubtful, the news papers of Hobart were deprived of the oppor tunity of making a sensational paragraph as the mouth of the larger cave was reached* in safety n t a depth of about 40ft from theeibe of the cuff. I found it to be a semicircular cavity in a variegated sandstone of not more than 2utt in width by about 40ft. in depth where the roof and floor met There were no incrustations or efflorescences of salt, which I naturally expected to see oil the root The lloor was covered to a depth of a few inches with a fine, brownish-red sand. "Here is the cave, but where is the salt?" inquired of my companion, whose face wore an expression of half-smile, half ^rin as he eyed me, reading, evidently, in°my features that 1 began to entertain stron" doubts he had played a little practical joke upon me. " You shall see," he replied, as he began to remove the loo-e sand from a spot in the floor with a small garden trowel which he took out of his coat pocket This done there was revealed a substratum of pure-white crystallised salt several inches in thickness. I tasted ic, and satisfied myself tliat it was true chloride of sodium, containing a little potash and magnesia, as I afterwards found upon making an analysis of it What to me, however, was of no small interest was the peculiar crystalline structure it presented, which exactly resembled the fracture of cocoanut, being composed of myriads of line vertical crystals, or columns resting in tiers separated by a basilar plane. The occur rence ot this compict deposit of crystallised salt under the loose sand, with other sur rounding circumstances, called into exercise the reasoning faculties as to the why and wherefore. That the rock exposed in this cliff is what is known in the language of geology as saliferous sandstone (frequently met with in the triassic lieds of secondary age in Europe) there could not be a doubt, and,. therefore, to find their equivalents in this remote antipodal part of the globe was a discovery ot much interest. That the sandstone furnished the salt admits of little doubt, and that it had been dissolved out of the rock by the action of water percolating through it, and that water evaporating and leaving the 6alt behind was equally plain, bat at the time this took place the surround ing physical conditions were very different to what exist now. Although tliis cave was 1 formed and the salt deposited in the process of scooping out the cave after that powerful yet silent excavator, flowing far below at our feet, had cut through this thick bed of sand stone, still an immense period of time has since elapsed for the salt to have assumed its present crystalline character, and for the subsequent deposit of sand (covering it like a crypt) to have been thrown down grain by grain by the slow process of disintegration. The cave is now dry. The salt and the sand are dry. No water now percolates through the roof or through the lloor. The processes of solution and deposition appear to have long since ceased. The salt, let me observe, is quite free from any intermixture of particles of sand. Were any particles of the rock de tached by the water, which dissolved out the salt? I think not, for if there had been, they would be found as an adulterant inter mixture. No salt is now being extracted from the sandstone by nature's chemical manipulations; for, as before observed, the surrounding natural conditions have changed. The stratum of loose, dry sand, which covers up the bed of salt, has been produced by what is called weathering action, viz., the property that wind, moisture, frost, and sun shine possess to destroy the cohesion of at traction between particles of rock-matter. There were not a few questions put to me by the character of this cave, which, were I to attempt to answer to the best of my ability, would doubtless be thought out of place in a narrative such as this. Having secured some good specimens of . the salt, my companion couducted me along j i the face of the cliff to two other salt caves. They were smaller than the one described, but presented in every respect the same conditions. The way which led to them was fraught with no little danger, and therefore it was with some slight feeling of relief that I at length reached terra firma. on the summit of the cliff. Looking on the grand panorama of moun tain and valley, I wondered how many coons it had taken for that beautiful river far below to eat its way through so many opposing barriers of adamantine rock, and so form the charming valley of the Huon, now tessellated with apple orchards and homesteads; and how many thousand feet higher were those towering mountains when the lliver Huon, as a mere tiny streamlet, first began to cut out its channel to the sea. Was it at the time when the huge extinct Diprotodon-so named from its two great front teeth-that giant of Australian marsupials, roamed the boundless grass-clad plains of the coutinent? Was it when the pouched lion Thylacoleo preyed upon the Diprotodon; while yet Tasmania was part of the Australian mainland? Was it when the hugest of all beasts that erer trod the earth, the Megatherium, pulled down trees to feed on in the forests ot North America ? I know not; but this I know, that it was apes upon ages, long before man, as an evolution from lower forms of life, appealed upon the scene. My reverie , was suddenly cut short by being abruptly precipitated to mother earth on the verge of the elm by my foot catching in a.tanked knofcof couch grass. "Oh, aires ceapkomJ" I mentally exclaimed with Charles Kingsley, " thou fairest of British grasses, why will you grow where you are not wanted," waen he narrowly escaped a " crop per "by his home's foot being caught in a reticulated tussock. Two feet more and I would have been over the cliff, and the country put to the expense of a "crowner's quest" An hour later we were on our return to Hobart, I having secured a very respectable collection of fossils and rock specimens. And thus ended one of the pleasantest trips I ever made in the interests of the well known firm of Lyell, Murchison, and Com pany. 