A RAILWAY GHOST. As thero is a ghost in this story, nooording to all catablished rules it ought to commence with 'onco upon a time,' but aa I am some what of an iaonoolaat, not oven such a vener able figure of speech can escape annihilation at my hands. Lat me bo exaot in ohronology at least. I had been hastily summoned from Cornwall to tho bedside of a wealthy old uncle, from whom I had expectations, and as tho telegram in formed me that ho oould not surviyo his pre sent attaok of gout, I thought it might be as well for me to bo 'in at tho death,' and bo ono foggy day in Novombor, 1860, found mo travelling to Aahbourne, n little, outofthe way placo, whore tho old gentleman lived. Thore were but tow passengers on the train, and I had the comtort of a carriage all to my self. Wo Btopped to aoal at somo little way station, when a 'passenger waa hurriedly ushered, or rather banged, into my compart ment by the conductor. Tho stranger was a tall, thfn, middle-aged man, with a face lean and withered liko a shrivolled apple. In a droaa tight-fitting and of an anoiont and faded black, ha lookod like a man who hadrun very muoh to Beed, which perhapa accounted for tho luxuriant growth ot his arms and legs. Observing bia clothes steaming with tho damp nir, I began to realize that it had suddenly beaome very cold. 'Quite a change in tho weather,' I re marked. ' Tory oold to-night, ia it not ?' ' Don't feel tho oold myself. Perhaps you would like to ohange places with me ; there iB no draft here.' I replied that I should bs glad to do so it it did not inaonvenionce bim, and aooordingly wo ohanged Beats. It was cold, and no miatako. I must have taken a chill, for I felt tho cold oreeping over mo in amoBt unacoountablo manner. Look ing at my oompanion on tho opposite seat, on whom the lamplight now shone full, I Baw that his face wis not so tbin nor his features ?o withered aa I at first supposed ; and I must have made a mistake aa to his age, for he was by no means as old as I had previously judged. How cold it was, to bo -sure I Aa I looked at him, I noticed that hiB aspect ohanged momently — that ho wbb growing younger ; that the wrinkles in his faco were filling out and smoothing down, and that he was gradually beooming like some one I had seen before. Aa bis ohecks grow round and ruddy, and his hair ohanged from gray to brown before my vory oyes, I became nervous, and ondeavoured to cry out, but oould not. I waa paralyzed with tho oold— cold that seemed to make my limba rigid and benumb my vitals, for I aaw that the man Bitting beforo mo was no longer a stranger— no moro friend or acquaintance — ho had become me I I held up my hands to try to shut out the sight, and, as I did so, so that they were withered, and thin, and old. I pressed them to my brow, to Bee it I wero dreaming, ond I found it shrivelled, ond Beamed, and puokored. And then I knew that this man— thia (land— had stolen my body, and given mo bis. Maddened with the disoovery, I toeo to my feet— his foet— whioh tottered boneoth me, and I struok wildly at tho vision of myself on tho othor seat. But I found my arms light as vapor, for'thoy passed ovor his body, whioh went through them, giving mo tho impression of pain. It was a body of shade that hod been given me for my own body ot fleBh nnd blood, whioh this wrotch has stolen. By some sorcery or another, wo [had indeed changed places. ' Soroerer— demon 1 ' I oried out, only to hear myself Bpeaking with hiB sharp, oraoked voico. When I Baw myBolt silting opposite to me, coolly addreeBing me in my own voice, I oould no longer credit my senses — if, indeed, I had any ot them at all left ol my own. ? 'Dare Bay you think you are speaking loud now,' ho said. I answered by shouting for the oonduotor as loudly as I oould. 'Ah, you might call a good deal louder thon that. Why, it tho carriage wero full of passengers they could no moro near you than they oould see you,' he continued, ohuokling, and sorewing my features up into a hideously knowing grin, suoh as I oould never have made them assume. ' You see, my friend, youra ia a body of air, ol shadow, insensible, impalpablo to all bnt mysolf, just aa it waa to a'l bnt yon when I entered thu carriago. You wish, perhaps, to know who I am. Woll, tw® yoara ago to night I waa a passenger by this train. Thoro was a collision with a stupid freight- train, you see, and the roanlt waa that aevoral passengers were injured. Ono of thom was — well, it'll no up'a mincing matters — killed on the spot. Quite so. It was I. Yar, I am what you would call a ghost, al though wo do not consider tbat just tbo corrcct term among ouraolvea— wo havo better word for it. Now I have told you what I am, you will, doubtlasa, like to know what I want. Very good; you shall see.' The ghost in my body thon began to feol in my pockots, from whioh ha drew out my meerschaum, ifhioh he filled from my ponch and lit with one of my matohes. ' Ab,' bs procooded, puffing like a steam engino, ' you smoke very good stuff— natural leaf an Old Judge ; not a bad mixture, though I proter a littlo Cavendish with it myself. Rot at all a bad body of yours, either, ' he went on, eyeing the form in whioh he waa sitting; ' not at all a bad body ; and it fits me to aT, only a littlo short in the arms. By the way, . I find ono ot your front teeth a little loose, bo don't go and say I did that, when yon ooma to yourself again ; and your nose ia a littlo long tor mo, but I daro Bay it blows nona tho worse for that.' I shuddered oa I aaw him take out my pocket-handkorohief and use it on tbat ohorisned organ of mine. 'Ye?, I daro aay now you feel the oold a little ; I did at firat, but it's nothing when you aro uaod to it. I find your body vory warm — being heavier than I am accustomed to wear ; but it won't be for long. I require it ' positively for this night only,' as you aay in your play-bills ; and will return it uninjured by tho time we get to Aahbourne. By the bye, let me bog of you to bo a little oareful how you tbrow your arms about so much as you did just now, for my body ia ot a more delioate construction than youra ; and being so thin in substanoo, I am afraid you will chafe it under the arm- pits. You Will observe, ladies and gontlemon'' he went on, in lecturer's style, ' that it I take a lighted match and insert it in the cornor of the patient's eye, he will feel no pain.' Saying this, my dreadful companion proceeded to illustrate his remark by making a dive at my shadowy eye with a burning match. I certainly felt no pain aa tho match burned in my hoad. ' Yon will allow, after all you see, that my shape has its advantages,' the ghoBt pro ceeded ; 'but it also baa its disadvantages. Try the pipo now.' I tried to take tho pipe — it dropped through my vapory fingera. He placod it in my mouth ; I oould not hold it, nor got a whiff from it. ' Precisely so,' said the ghost. ' Now, thia ia just what has brought mc here to-night. A great smoker all my lifo, doing my twelve pipes a day regularly, 1 have been defunct these two years, and during all that time I haven't hod a smoke I Not a blessed draw. I misB my 'bacca dreadful. There ia a provision mado for amokera down with ua, you will under stand; but we are govorned by a Board of Directors whoae general inoapaoity equals that of many ot your aity boards. There ia a stock of bodiea kept for smokers, bo that if you want to enjoy a pipo you must go into one of the bodies to get it. But if you will believe me, the Bupply is so notori ously insufficient to meet the- demand that thero is no chance whatever for a new ghost to get n smoko. When I entered tho society all the bodies wero out in uso, and booked for thrco years in advance. My namo has been down on tho books for two years, and thore is no chanoo of my getting a body allotted to me for a twelvemonth, tfanoy two years without a smoke I 'Why, sir, the incompe tence of our Board is Bomothing awful. I oan only explain the roason why -we put up with suoh gross mismanagement in tbo othor world is becauso wq have bcoome bo used to it in this. Our constitutions, howover, are being undermined to that extent that the Board has at length been coerced by popular feeling into passing a measure, empowering ghosts to render thomsolves visible to a single individual at a timo, in order that they may effect a ohango ol bodieB for short periods, al ways with tho consent of tha person in ques tion, for tho purpose of indulging in a habit which the directors say thoy ' oannot, how ever, but oharaeterize aa pernicioua and in jurioua.' Goorge III. and George Washing ton, both mcmbera of the Board, opposed the measure ; they, however, wore left in a ridiou louely email minority. Under thiB now aot, I obtained your body.' ' You never had my consent, friond I ' I oried. ' It ia vulgar to call namea, my friend,' tho ghost replied, smoothing my moustaohe with my fingers; '.but you ore trifling. I askod you to ahange places with me, and you agreed, as you must iie well aware. But, dear me I here wa aro at Ashbourne ; but, however, I mUBt finish my pipe— think of two years, and not a- blessed draw, my friend 1 ' 