THE NOVELIST. A>PLZZLE FOR THE POLICE. BY LAURA VALENTINE. FROM " HOME CHIMES." CHAPTER I. MY NEW HOME. Never was any one less fitted than I-Mary Lester-to earn her own bread ; yet, when my father's death left his widow with only a hundred and fifty pounds a year to support herself and two daughters, of whom one was a confirmed and helpless invalid, it became a duty for me to do so. But what could I do? My father, a clergyman, had educated me himself, and I was well acquainted with English literature, but I had no accomplish- ments 5 I could not draw or play on any instrument, and my French would have been scarcely intelligible to a "Parisian. The thoroughly sound education I could have given, was dis- dained by those to whom I applied for the situation of governess, and I began to despair. My mother declared that my fruit- less applications were caused much more by my appearance than by my lack of " music ;" for in her eyes I am exceptionally pretty, and to confess the truth, I think I am rather nice looking, and might pass for a beauty, if I were not so unconquerable shy and nervous She believes that a jealous fear of my good looks influenced the worthy matrons who rejected my proffered services. but I believe my nervous, shy manner, may have acted against me. With no confidence in myself, I failed naturally to inspire it in others. But all things come to those who wait. At last, my opportunity came A certain Mrs. Llewellyn Apreece heard of me, and called at our lodgings in Wrexham to inquire about me, and ascertain if I would suit her as a companion. Fortunately I did ; albeit she certainly did not suit me, for her manner was extremely disagreeable; pompous, and dictatorial in the extreme. She seemed to fill our small room with her majestic presence and her sweeping draperies ; her voice was loud and impressive, and the duties she enumerated were trying. But what could I do? She offered me eighty pounds a year, " because," she said, " she expected me to dress well, as I should always be in her presence, and she might require some rather important services scorn me." " Confidential services," she added, mysteriously, s' for I hear everywhere, Miss Lester, that you are entirely to be trusted." The eighty pounds a year was a temptation to accept her proposal greater than people more happily cir- cumstanced can quite understand, and I agreed to go to her at once, in spite of a look of warning from my sister Grace. When Mrs. Apreece was gone, however, mother (who had not caught the lady's last remark was told by Gracie of the confidential services," and became rather alarmed. " Of course," she decided, " Mary must not go till I have ascertained all about Mrs. preece." And she forthwith put on bonnet and cloak, and went into the town to inquire about my future employer. Mary." said Grace, when we were alone, " you can never live with that woman. She will suffocate you with pomposity. And it might be most unpleasant to receive her confidences. What can they be ?'' " Perhaps she paints and enamels," said I, laughing, " and is afraid to trust to her maid's taste." "Nonsense, Mary," said my sister, " she was not painted, she is rather handsome, though she has a hard, unpleasantly cross expression. You had much better not go to her." " But I must," I answered, gravely, our mother is sorely pinched for money just now, and only think how much I shall be able to spare of eighty pounds, Grace. You shall have a- nice soft sofa the first thing instead of that had horse-hair affair. My mother returned in about an hour with a favourable account of Mrs. Apreece's respectability. The famous physician of the place had attended Mr. Apreece in his last illness in fact (he told my mother) Mr. Apreece had bought Plas Gwenn, that he might put himself under Dr. "Williams's care. I have known him many years," added the doctor, " and highly esteemed him. He was a man of a good old "Welsh family. Mrs. Apreece is English, and, has a large fortune of her own. Her attention to her husband during his last illness was most exemplary. I think Miss Lester would find a good home at Plas Gwenn." But." continued my mother, Mrs. Edwards, (who generally knows everything), '. says that Mrs. Apretee is constantly changing her servants, and is said to be 4 fidgety and worry- ing by them. However, one cannot quite a trust to those kind of humours. I wish it were Grace, however, rather than you, Mary, who was going to live with this lady. You are so timid ; you might be easily crushed. I hope you will not suffer yourself to be made unhappy. You can always come home, you know, my dear." A week after this I was installed at Plas Gwenn as Mrs. Apreece's comp- union! It was a fine old place, situated on a mountain side, and sheltered fey magnificent old trees. Mrs. Apreece received me very courteously, and after a brief chat showed me at once to my room. To my surprise it was inside her own ! That is, I had to walk through her room to reach it. It was a small square chamber, very nicely furnished, with a bright fire burning in it; a writing- table and small bookcase, being added to the usual furniture. .' You are surprised to find that your room has no access except through my own," she said, " but I will let you know the' reason very soon. I hope you like it. There are good closets you see," and she opened two doors near the fireplace, showing me most desirable closets for keeping dresses, and another fitted as a bath room. "You will perceive," she added, " that there is a keyhole in the wall yonder; well, that also is a closet which I reserve for myself, I have the key." I said that the room was very comfortable, and that best equally appreciated the writing table and books. She smiled. " Oh," she said, "I have heard that you are a learned young; lady, although you don't look at all strong-minded and sometimes I may be obliged to ask you to keep in your room for a day. You will not mind obliging me , so far?" j I was extremely surprised, but I was far too shy to ask why, or to make any objection, so I murmured an assent. Thus began my life at Plas Gwenn. I was fairly contented Mrs. Apreece was kind after her light that is, she spoke courteously to me, but she kept me constantly employed. I wrote endless letters for her on business, or to report to friends of her health, when she did not choose to answer a letter and I read aloud to her for hours, till my voice failed from hoarseness. I never had a moment to myself. If I were not writing reading aloud, I was finishing work for her, or, much more wearisome for me- assisting her with my opinion on her dress. She was leaving off her mourning, and having new dresses made which she insisted on putting on me, to see how they looked, though she was about twice my size round. " It was the effect she studied," she said, " not the fit." But this which gave me hours of standing. In fact I was never away from Mrs. Apreece an hour in the day, and I believe she was studying me carefully all the time; but I was well-paid for my time, and of these somewhat trying duties I do not complain. But I was not happy, be CaUSßJMV°.-A-prpono Tno.-augotl-t<J'uft'l£ö~ me thoroughly afraid of her I never could tell why. She was sarcastic certainly, and often stopped my girlish chat with a sneer but though this increased my shyness, it could not account for the fear I had of offending her. An instinct seemed to tell me that she was pitiless. We had many visitors, and my services were often required in helping to entertain them. I fear, however, my efforts were of very little value, owing to my extreme shyness and timidity. On the day Mrs Apreece paid me my first quarter's salary, she allowed me to go and see my mother and sister, and all my annoyances fled at once before my mother's glad smile and grate ful kiss, as I put nearly all my earnings into her hand. But Grace, as she kissed me, whispered " Mary, that gold is dearly bought I fear. Why are you so pale, and why have you such a frightened look in your eyes ? Are you happy, dear ? " Oh, Gracie," 1 answered, " I never can be very happy away from home, and I cannot like Mrs. Apreece. She is not unkind, but she sneers at nearly everything I say, and I never am out of her sight. I feel as if her eyes were never off me and it makes me afraid of her. Even at night I don't feel free, for my room is inside her own, that is I have to walk through her room to leave it, or go into it, and she insists on my wedging my door." " She must be making you her guard over a treasure," said Grace, jestingly. " Oh, no," I replied, " I have heard her say very often that her jewels are all kept at the bank' and she pays everything by cheques. I have just had one changed. I think it is simply her whim to have me by her at night; she is very arbitrary," and I could not help sighing. '' Mary," said my sister, wistfully, " I wish some rich man would marry you and take you out of your enchanted castle. You are prettier than ever, darling, with your delicate paleness and your startled-looking blue eyes so beseeching and pathetic in expression. How I wish I could take your place I I should not mind Mrs. Apre- see's domineering ways the least." " Oh I" I replied, " but you have not experienced the power some people have of making others thoroughly un- comfortable." CHAPTER II. A CASKET OF RUBIES. Christmas was over, and the New Year opened. Mrs. Apreece was out of mourning and accepted invitations; amongst others, one from the greatest house in North Wales. It was for a ball, and a most elaborate dresses for it had been sent to her, in which she looked extremely well. She asked me what jewels would best suit it, and I answered, to ray after grief-" rubies," the dress being of soft grey and rose colour. She smiled, and said I was right ; she would wear rubies. That morning, also, she told me that she had invited a nephew of hers, who had just returned from India to stay with her, and that she had secured for him an invitation to the ball. "It will be as well to have a gentle man for my escort," she added, "as the drive is rather a lonely one." The nephew's name was, she told me, Edward Jones, and he was a captain in the army. But a few days before that fixed for the bull, Mrs. Apreece caught cold, and was confined to her bed. nevertheless, she would not give up the idea of going to it. I perceived that she thought it all important as an introduction to the county society, and she did everything she could to cure the tiresome disorder that threatened to keep her from it. Nevertheless, the day before the ball came, and she was still suffering, though she was able to sit in her room by the fire. I found her, when she sent for me that morning, very much put out by his continued illness. "I wanted," she said, "to have gone into Wrexham to-day, but that is impossible, if I hope to be able to go to morrow night to the ball, therefore, I shall be obliged to send you, Mary. In the first placed shall want you to go to the bank, and bring from it a casket of jewels, which you must open with my key and see that it is full and all right, and then most carefully bring home with you. Be member, it must never leave your hands till you put it into mine. And in order that you may fully comprehend the importance of the trust, I must tell you something about myself and my father. Sit down, child, and listen." I obeyed her, and she continued, " My father was, as you may have heard, a very rich diamond merchant, or rather, a jewel merchant, fur he dealt in, and loved all kinds of gems. There is a story told of a jeweller in Paris in Louis Like reign, who had such a passionate love for his precious stones that, if he reluctantly sold them he afterwards recovered them by a crime. The purchaser was sure to be murdered, and the gems to disappear. My dear father was (I need scarcely say), incapable of such wickedness ; but he also yielded to the fascination of the beautiful, sparkling gems on which he so often gazed and of which he was an almost infallible judge and this love for them caused him to make a singular will. He possessed a ruby necklace, which he declared never had been, and never could be equalled, so large, lustrous, and perfect were the stones. By great efforts, he had succeeded in procuring gems of the same kind and nearly as fine, for a bracelet and earrings and he would never sell these, his best loved possessions. Well, when he died he left me a splendid collection of jewels-the ruby neck- lace amongst the rest-with these conditions: I was neither to sell, land, nor pawn the rubies ; if I did, my fortune was to pass (with the jewels), to the heir-at-law a man whom I had always defeated, but who had flattered my father by pretending to share his hobby. If I lost them, ray fortune was to make them good to my cousin. As you may imagine, my husband and myself have proved very careful guardians of the gems. During his life- time we kept them in an iron case built into the wall; but when we came here, and he was so ill, he made me take them to the Bank, and there they still are. Now, Mary, that is the confidence I told you that I meant to place_in_V- OU^_3vThil(>-+1^ -jewels are in the house, I shall put them into the closet I keep locked in your room, and I shall want you to remain in your chamber all the next day in fact, till I restore the gems to the care of the Bank." " But, Mrs. Apreece," I said nervously, " I am really afraid to under- take such a charge, I am indeed." "Oh, never mind your fears will ensure the safety of my casket," she said, "and there is no one I can trust to do it but you. You will have Edward Jones to escort you home, for he arrives by the five train, and you must meet him and bring him back ; but remember, you had better not get out of the carriage, nor let the casket out of your hand for a single moment." " If only you would excuse me," 1 pleaded, "it is such a dreadful charge." "Do not be so absurd," said the lady with a frown. " Anyone would think you were a baby to hear you ! Can't you hold a box in your hand for an hour or so in safety ? If I can trust you, that is enough; and I must say I place perfect reliance in you, Mary." There was no more to be said it was plain that I must obey Mrs. Apreece, disagreeable as the responsibility was, therefore I was ready when the carriage came to the door to go into the town. Mrs. Apreece gave me a note to the manager of the bank, and two keys one smaller than the other, and of gold. The largest one she told me was to open the box he would have brought out to me ; the other for me to unlock the jewel case and glance in to see that all was right, and that the rubies were there. " You will have to give him a receipt for the casket," she' added-" We know him well and trust him entirely." I drove off with a strange presenti- ment of evil hanging over me. The day was very gloomy ; heavy clouds hung over the hills, and the wind howled through the valley. I had started early, for I had several com- missions to do for Mrs. Apreece before I went at half-past three to the bank on my disagreeable errand. She had requested the manager in her note to let me wait in his room after I had done my business till half-past four then I was to drive to the station and take up Captain Jones on his arrival ; the time between closing the bank and the arrival of the train leaving an awkward interval. I had permission to call on my mother and sister before I went to the bank, and of course I availed myself of it. When I told them my errand, both looked grave. " My dear Mary, said my mother, " pray keep on the alert, and don't go into one of your absent fits while you have the casket in your care." " Mrs. Apreece should have let the bank people send her casket to her," said Grace, " but, Mary, I think you had better not have mentioned what you are going to do, even to us. Do not speak of it any more, but, as our mother says, " be careful, and don't go into a day-dream." At half-past three I called at the bank, was courteously received by the manager, and took out of an iron- bound oak box the precious casket. I opened it before him, saw that the jewels were there, and gave him an acknowledgment of the receipt of it. He good-naturedly remained with me after the bank had closed, till the carriage came ; then he put me into it, grasping my treasure. When I left the bank I was surprised to see that it was. snowing heavily. The snow had begun to fall before I left my mother's lodgings, but only slightly ; now it was coming down fast. However, we drove to the station, and waited there until the train came in. Then David, the footman, went in to meet Captain Jones. By this time it was nearly dark. By-and-bye, however, the brougham door was opened, and David said, Captain Jones, as a tall, military-looking figure presented itself. I bowed, and he stepped in, asking if he might have a hat box put inside. Of course I assented. Then we drove off. " I hope," he said, " my aunt is well?" His voice was very pleasant. '. No," I answered, " she has a very severe cold, and is confined to her bed, so she sent me." " She was very kind," he said, " but I am sorry you should have had the trouble, such a day as this too." And there was surprise in his tones. "Oh," I said, "I came on other errands also. I am your aunt a companion. " Indeed ! Well, I daresay she was lonely after her husband's death What a wild afternoon it is!" fair the wind was now blowing boisterously. The wind is very high, I replied, "and I am afraid it will drifts the snow in the valley." "I have not seen snow before for many years," said Captain Jones, " it is pleasant to behold it again and have one's memory of snowballing revived." " You have been in India," I said timidly. "It must be pleasant to live in perpetual sunshine." " One may have too much of a good thing," he laughed. " In India one often wishes for a cool breeze and a cloudy sky." And then, as if he wished to amuse me, he began telling me of the great heat of the East and of the monsoon rains, and talked so pleasantly, that I forgot in listening to him the heavy charge with which I was burdened. Still I held it tightly all the time. We found that the snow had drifted in the valley, and it was some time before we could make our way through it. In another hour it became impassable. On our arrival, I desired the other footman to conduct Captain Jones to his room, and I hastened to Mrs. Apreece and put the casket into her hands. She was in bed. " Did you see that it was all right," she whispered, for her mind was in the room. "Yes, it is all right." " Then lock it up in your room. Here is the key of the closet." She slipped it into my hand. I went at once and put the casket away, and took her back the key. She put it under her pillow. -.*=zz stay- - i_:-Dk«-oupiittiu- jones back ?" she asked. " Yes, he is gone to his room ; will you see him ?" "Not to-night. He is almost a stranger to me. I only saw him once, about ten years ago, and then he was a schoolboy at Barrow. You must amuse him this evening, Mary-but before you go down; lock your door, and give me the key to keep till you come to bed." I obeyed her in all things, and joined Captain Jones in the drawing room just before dinner. Then, seeing him distinctly, I perceived that he was a very handsome young man with a bright happy face It was a pleasant dinner. My companion was so frank and cheery in manner that I gradually lost my usual shyness, and talked freely with him, as I never had done with any guest of Mrs. Apreece's before. He made me laugh by relating many funny anecdotes of Anglo-Indian life, and I was glad that he rose and went with me to the drawing-room when dinner was over. We were standing by the fire, still laughing and chatting, when Sims, the old butler, entered and said, " Miss Lester ! If you please will you go to Mrs. Apreece ?" Of course I obeyed immediately, and found my employer sitting up in bed, holding a telegram in her hand. " Mary," she exclaimed, in a high pitched voice, what does this mean ? Here is a telegram from Edward Jones saying that he has missed the last train and cannot be here till to-morrow, yet you brought back a Captain Jones with you !" I looked as I felt, thoroughly bewildered. " Yes," I said at last, " he is here." " But, he must be an impostor, she exclaimed vehemently-" a swell ' mob's man, perhaps, whom you have mistaken for a gentleman." " But indeed," I said, with sudden courage, " he is not. He is a gentle- man even if he is not your Captain Jones ; there must be some mistake."; " How was that possible on his part? There may be two Captain Joneses (or many more), but there is only one Mrs. Apreece of Plas Gwenn. He heard my name of course from you or David." " I don't know," I said, reflecting, " David may have named it but now I think of it, we spoke of you as his aunt only-at least I believe so." " Most unlikely that you should not have named your employer," she said, arrogantly, and very disrespectful also. Go down at once, and let this person know that I have received a telegram from my nephew, and that I wish to know who he is." I hurried to obey her, and found Captain Jones standing where I had left him, looking into the fire, smiling to himself. I put the telegram into his hand, saying, Mrs. Apreeco has just received this telegram, and she wishes to know what it means?" He read the telegram. " Jones ? Oh, a namesake, I see. I have legions of them, but who is Mrs. Apreece ?" " Why, your aunt-the owner of Plays Gwenn - this house," I answered. " Are you not the Captain Jones who was expected?'' " I fear not, for I know nothing of Plas Gwenn, or of Mrs. Apreece," he answered, looking into my face with his bright smile. " Then, who are you ?" I asked in great alarm. " I am Captain Edward Jones of the Artillery, and I came on a visit to my Aunt Mary Trevor. When I arrived at the station, a footman came up to me was the only arrival touched his hat, and said, "If you please, sir, are you Captain Edward Jones ?' I answered, ' Yes !' Then he said The carriage is waiting, sir, outside for you. What luggage have you " That was all. It appears that some other Edward Jones was expected." I explained at once the mistake. He laughed heartily. " What a joke lathe said, " and yet rather an awkward one. Be so good, Miss Lester, as to go at once, and apologize for me to Mrs. Apreece, and ask if I may send her servant for a conveyance to take me to my real Aunt Mary's r Assure her that I am much distressed. By-the-bye, I have cards in my pocket ; take her one, please." And he gave me his card, and I returned his message, to Mrs. Apreece'a great discomforture. " I never heard of such a stupid mistake," she said, " Miss Lester, you must be quite wanting in respect for me, never to have even named me to this stranger. Why did you not tell him that Mrs. Apreece had sent you?"' "I did not know," I replied, " I told him his aunt was ill in bed, and had sent me." "You did not tell him for what you had been sent ?" she asked suspiciously. Of course not," I answered ; "I said on some errands." " Well, we must get rid of him as soon as we can of course." " Tighe," to her maid, " go and tell one of the men to put to the brougham, and take this Captain Jones where he ought to have gone." Tighe had heard the whole conversation. " If you please ma'am," she said, " Mrs. Trevor's place is a good twelve miles away, and I heard Mr. Sims say just now, that the carriage was only just back in time, or the valley would have been impassable from the snow." " Go at once and tell the coachman to send to the village for a fly ; the journey must be attempted. This stranger cannot remain here. Really, Mary," she continued, when the maid had left the room, "I have no patience with you. I always thought you dull and stupid, but I believed you had common sense. It seems you are wanting in it, and that you lack all sense of propriety and respect also. Of course you should have asked this man if he were Mrs. Apreece's nephew, and if he was going to Play Gwenn. Or at least, it you thought David knew him you should have mentioned my name and my illness." " He asked me if his aunt were well," I answered, " I said no, but confined to her room with a cold." "Only she not Mrs. Apreece, I see," she went on angrily, " VfeU,JL Better manners *îrom~you-and you talked all the way home and yet never named me? or sat stupidly silent? How was it I made no reply. Mrs. Apreece was too angry to listen to reason, and in a minute or two Tighe returned, and said that the coachman declared no man could reach the valley for the snow, and. if he did, the job-master would not send out his horse, he was sure, on such a night. " In short," said Mrs. Apreece, " thanks to the stupidity of my servants, I am to have a strange man here all night ! How can I tell that he has not stolen this card? He may be a professional burglar. Well it can't be helped ! Tighe, tell the butler to keep good guard over the plate, and David had better sleep in the blue room, to be near us to night." "In the blue room, Ma'am!" said Tighe, " that's the haunted chamber. He'll never sleep there, none of the servants would." And she was right. David was willing to sit up all- night in the corridor or just outside the door that led to it, but he resolutely declined to have anything to do with the ghost, " she'd sooner lose his place." These contradictions infuriated Mrs. Apreece, whose terrible temper then fully manifested itself; and it was wasted on me in a perfect storm of abuse. I was too frightened to answer her, and when at length she ordered me to go down and see that " my friend," " the man I had picked up, did not steal anything," I went out into the corridor and had a good cry before I obeyed her. With red eyes, trembling, and sick at heart, I at last joined our unwel- come guest in the drawing room. He came towards me as I entered. I am very sorry to hear that we are snowed in, and that I cannot relieve Mrs. Apreece of my presence ; the more sorry as I fear the mistake has caused you some vexation," glanc- ing pityingly at my tear-swollen face. " Oh, never mind me," I answered "I fear your own friends, as well as Mrs. Apreece, have cause to blame me for not mentioning her name, or Play Gwenn, all the time we were driving." " It was rather strange that you did not," he allowed, with a twinkle of fun in his eyes. " I dare say I should have done so, only you amused me so very much," I answered candidly, " that I forgot all about everything else." He looked gratified. \- "You are a charming listener, Miss Lester," he said. "I also forgot to speak of my Aunt and her home, under another kind of spell, a more powerful one," he added under his breath. Just then Sims brought in the tea, It and I had to attend to my ordinary duty of pouring it out. Captain Jones appeared then to forget all about his unpleasant position, and was wonderfully agreeable and kind. He told me all about his aunt, Mrs. Trevor. t( She brought me up," he said, "from my orphaned infancy, and is the kindest of friends to me still. Since I have been in India she has succeeded to a fine Welsh property, and I am on my way to pay a visit to her now." Then he asked me if my parents were living, and by degrees I was led to tell him all about our family. I think he saw that I had no very happy home, for he said, "If you ever leave Plas G Wenn, Miss Lester, and you will kindly let me know, I will get my Aunt to look out for a situation for you-". Then the candles were brought and I wished Captain Jones good night. He held my hand for a moment and said, "I am cruel enough to be glad of the mistake, since it has made me acquainted with you." These words sent me to bed far happier than I had expected. But Mrs. Apreece was still cross, and scolded for some time before she let me go into my room, ordering me to take the key of the closet into my room and to put it under my pillow, " for then," she added, " you alone are responsible for my rubies if any attempt is made on them. Fasten ray door securely, and your own. I should think you would rather wish to wake and watch over your charge than go to bed." "I will do so if you wish it," I said meekly. "Then I do wish it. Under the circumstances I think you ought." And thus it happened that I sat up to watch Mrs. Apreece's rubies all night. I took off my dress, however, and put on my dressing-gown and slippers, and let down and brushed my hair. Then I made up a good fire and en- sconced myself in my easy chair with a book; but I could not read; my heart was in a perfect flutter of emo- tion. Mrs. ApieeGe's cruel insul's and Captain Jones's words of kindliest courtesy alike disturbed my thoughts, and the book was soon laid aside for the indulgence of reverie. But a young girl is not naturally wakeful, and the warmth of the fire, the soft sighing of the wind which sank as the night advanced, and the fatigue caused by the emotions of the day overpowered me, and I fell into a profound sleep which lasted unbroken till the daylight awoke me. Then I started up, chilly and be- wildered, scarcely knowing where I was at first, but I soon remembered and glanced fearfully round me. Thank heaven, the door was fastened as I left it the wall gave no appearance of the closets having been opened. Everything was safe. I went into the kind of closet that had been fitted with a bath adjoining my room, bathed, dressed, and waited for Mrs. Apreece's maid to summon me to go through her room, which she did generally when she called her mistress. But Mrs. Apreece that morning sent her to light my fire (much to her annoyance) and desired me (by her) not to leave my room. I understood that she meant me to continue my watch ; but Tighe believed that she was punishing me like a school girl, and muttered as she lighted her match, " What next I wonder ? I'm to do housemaid's work, and folks are to be locked up because of a mistake. I know I won't put up with it." I pretended not to hear her, but I was vexed and humiliated all the. Mme- yflSfha~l!o'ä'o~so.' I was very vexed-I had hoped to see Captain Jones at breakfast, and now I should not and it was horrid to be shut up in my room all day, and for the servants to believe that I was punished like a child, and that I submitted to it I was still girl enough to feel this last fact bitterly. About noon Mrs. Apreece came to my room. She was very much better and had been down stairs. "But," she told me, "I have not seen the sham Captain Jones ; he left before I was up, and put a note of apology on the table for me. So I trust we have escaped any further annoyance. You will remain here as long as the rubies are under your care remember." .,.-, r And she left the room ; nor did I see her again till past four o'clock. Then she came in, in good spirits. " My nephew has arrived, she said, " all right, though rather late. Now I want to see all my dresses put out ready. Give me the box with the rubies ; I should like to see them by daylight." I took the key from my bosom where it had remained all night and all day, and opened the closet. It was empty ! CHAPTER III IN SEARCH OF CAPTAIN JONES. I looked at the bare shelves in blank consternation ; then I gasped out, "Where is it?" 'Where is what?" demanded Mrs. Apreece angrily-" Give me the casket?" "It is gone," I faltered. "The closet is empty." "Gone 1 she cried, impossible!" and she pushed me angrily aside and looked in then examined every corner of the large shelves (there were only two). But there was absolutely nothing in the closet " " You put the box in ?" she demanded, facing me then with a terrible look in her eyes. . "Indeed I did," I assured her, " and carefully locked the door, and gave you the key, till I came to bed ; since then it has never left my bosom." " You were awake, watching, all night?" I sat up," I said, " but I was not awake the whole time ; I fell asleep. But no one could have come in the door was fastened, and your door also." " What am I to think-?" she cried. " Good heavens ! what can have become of my rubies? What shall I do?" And she wrung her hands in an agony of distress. " You may have put the casket in one of your drawers, and forgotten," she said after an instant, " Look in them all and in your own closets." I obeyed willingly. We turned out my closets, and every drawer and box, but still we could not find that mysterious casket. Then, standing amidst the confusion we had made, Mrs. Apreece broke out with the words "You never could have put the casket in the closet. You have robbed me Given it to the confederate, no doubt, that you brought home last night. Speak confess ! and I will forgive you ! Oh, Mary ! I have trusted you so entirely. I have told you how much depends on those jewels. Confess at once !" dreadfully shocked, I assured her most solemnly and indignantly that I knew nothing of the casket-that I had not seen it since I placed it in the closet. " If it has been taken it has, apparently it must have been taken while I was down stairs," I declared, roused even to anger. " The key was under my own pillow," declared Mrs. Apreece. "No one could have taken it without my knowing it." Yet the thought checked her invective " Did you look if it were safe when you went to your room for the night?" she asked. " No ; I did not want to open the closet at all, till you were with me." " But you ought to have looked," she declared ; " it was shameful neglect not to have done so. I must go and speak to my nephew. Do not leave the room till I return." And she rendered my obedience certain, by locking her own door as she went out. I sat down petrified, terrified, wounded, humiliated, and above all, perplexed. What could have become of the rubies ? After an interval, which seemed to me endless, she returned, bringing with her a short, stout, good-natured man, who was, as I instantly guessed, the real Captain Jones. He bowed civilly, and questioned me closely about the casket. Then he asked Mrs. Apreece, who was in her room when I brought back the box. "Only her maid Tighe but she did not know what the box contained," was the reply. " She might easily guess," he answered drily. "King for her." Tighe appeared, but declared that she had not noticed that I had anything in my hand, and knew nothing about the casket. She had left Mrs Apreece to so to her supper, but by that lady's desire a housemaid had sat in the corridor outside her door during that interval, to be within call if Mrs. Apreece needed anything. " We must send for the police at once," said Captain Jones. " I begin to think it possible that my substitute last night was a most accomplished swindler, and has confederates in the house." Then he left the room with his aunt. I was again locked in. As they had to send to Wrexham for the police, I was alone a good while ; but at last the inspector appeared, with Mrs. Apreece and Captain Jones, and I was again most close- ly questioned. I was told afterwards that Tighe and the housemaid had undergone the same cross-examining, and had not shown the nervous timidity that I did. The inspector came to the conclusion that the visitor of the night before was a thief and that he had confederates in the house. He asked me if I had told anyone the errand on which I which I went to Wrexham. I acknowledged that I had told my mother, and repeated her advice that I should not name it to anyone else. "The lodging-house people may have been listening," be said, but tbat~j*f»2UWAoirna-vtrôeen araéep-laîtt scheme, and proceeded from this household. . We must find Captain Jones immediately." " He said he was going to Mrs. Trevor's," I reminded Mra. Apreece. " But of course he was not," she answered. "Well," Said Captain Jones, "we had better send and see if such a person is there. Dont you think so, in spector ? " Yes, sir, I do," was the reply, " though I don't expect to find him. We had better send someone who would recognise him, one of your servants and one of my men. That must be our first step." And once more I was left alone. But in spite of her trouble and her loss, Mrs. Apreece could not give up the ball. She had ascertained that the rapid and continued thaw had rendered the roads passable, and she would not lose the introduction to society. Therefore she soon came up to dress, and I heard her lamenting to Tighe that she had lost her best " diamonds," evidently she had not mean to acknowledge the loss of her rubies) and must wear pearls. Before she left she came to my room. " You will leave this bedroom to-night, Miss Lester," she said coldly, "and at once. Go and sit in the morning-room. Tighe will see that your boxes are taken to another cham- ber." "I hope you understand that I shall leave you finally, Mrs Apieece," I replied. " Of course ; but not for a day or two." And she turned and left me. I was glad to obey her and and go to the morning-room. I understood afterwards from Tighe that after I had gone down the inspector helped her to search everything I possessed, for the lost casket and when all my things were moved, the room was searched again. The bed was stripped; and even the walls of the empty closet were sounded to discover if there were a secret entrance, sometimes found in such old houses. But there was nothing of the kind ; and no sign of the casket. The police remained in the house. I went to my new bed-room at, about eleven. It was far from Mrs. Apreece's, I was glad to find; that was a relief, and worn out by anxiety and emotion, I soon fell asleep. I went down to breakfast next morning very miserable and frightened as to how Mrs. Apreece would treat me, but she was not up ; I found only Captain Jones in the breakfast room. He looked very grave and anxious, though he was civil and even kind in his manner. " Have you heard yet," I asked, as I poured out the tea, " what the police say about Captain Jones of , " Yes ! I fear, in short we are pretty sure, that he was a swindler. The policeman and David (who would have identified him called at Mrs. Trevor's, and ascertained from the servants that no one had arrived there, nor had they heard that any Captain Jones was expected. Mrs. Trevor, the men informed him, had only one nephew and he was Lord Trevor. They believed that he was expected. Thus you see, Miss Lester, your guest of the day before yesterday must have been an impostor, and the inspector feels sure that some of the servants were in league with him and that it has been a planned thing. You were their tool and victim." I felt as if I, myself, had been proved guilty when I heard this account of my friend of a few hours ago yet I could not believe it. His frank clear eyes, his honest smile returned to me vividly, and I said again, I really think that there is still some mistake. I am sure if you had seen Captain Jones you would believe so." " Ah ! a smooth-spoken handsome fellow, no doubt," he said, drily ; some rascal who has been once a gentleman, probably." Mrs. Apreece made her appearance in the morning-room, just before luncheon. She looked pale and harassed. "You have heard," she said, "the confirmation of our suspicions?" "Yes, and I am very sorry," I answered sincerely. " Your stupidity has caused the loss, she said gravely, but I'm willing to forgive it on one condition. I do not want the loss of the rubies to be known till every effort to recover them has been made. You are aware, and you only in this neighbourhood, of the consequences following, if I fail to regain them ; I shall lose more than half my fortune. I beg you, therefore, to respect the confidence I placed in you about my father's will. You did not mention that to your family I hope ?" 'No," I answered, "I only told them that I had to carry back to you some priceless rubies." (To be Continued.) If you are wasting away with any form of 'K'i'l.ioir Pi¡«'»aFfl. often tempted. ag Death tins Keenest, and turn for cure to HOP BITTER 