SPORTING- INTELLIGENCE. SYDNEY SPORTING NOTES. [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (From Our Correspondent.) SYDNEY, Monday. Training operations at Randwick this morning did not excite much attention The sand track was principally in use, and Honeydew did a pretty fair mile after cantering but he appealed to overpower his rider 'on Brown, looking and moving freely), cantered with the above mentioned Wing and Merlin went a fair gallop once round on the course proper, and Wheel of 1 ertune, who appears very v oil, was sent to strong mile and a quarter Winchester and Liverpool ran once round at a good price Orders cantered, and the remainder of the work was confined to easy) tasks. A six furlong match has been arranged between College Boy and Coolabah at 7st each, for 100 Sovs a side The New Zealand horses are expected to leave Randwick about Wednesday for Melbourne, It was rumoured in betting circles to day that Brown and Rose had been tried, and had beaten Comet over the Han kesbury Handicap distance This Mr Forrester flatly contradicts Both horses are in different interests, and were never tried privately Ihcurdank (late Jack of Clubs has succumbed to the injuries received to his spine a few days ago The Hawkesbury Handicap betting is as follows 400 to 11 against Brown and Rose (li ) 100 to 10 Kathleen and Prince Imperial (off) the Melbourne hurdleracer, Buzza, has gone wrong The following are the latest scratchings in S) aney to-night sHan kesbury County Purse Abner, Fair Ellen, Allandale. Hawkesbury) Guineas and Produce Stakes-Farewell Hawkesbury) Grand Handicap Fair Ellen All Hawkesbury and Randwick engagements -Manna, Melbourne Cup King s Own. RACING WILLIAMSTOWN RACES The following nominations have been received for the Williamstown Handicap, to be run at he November meeting of the Williamstown Racing Club - Port Bonheur Miss Cora Chuckster Stafford German coriolanus Allamlor 111 obv Mngotthc Plumpton St. Helen Kingswear di Mentmore Mcrtunu Us laman Snip East Lynne M Odcllo Ultras Urara Black Diamond Action Hammer Ebony Hannibal Mrs Earle) Impulse Bristol (Gipsy s W anning IlLrlteh 1 Freetrader (late Jlossv loco Sister Unice Bedkober) Sedition Muscat Pond Or Lands Albanits Forlorn Hope Wizard Bohemian lllppo0rill Luck Hit Kliiguiaster Lyle The Be) Walhalla Maydew 1 Robert Signor Israelite Doncaster Jocular Country boy The Czar Stornoway a ere.) Bathurst Mrncco The Andes The Chanter Baron Neckar Duration Hobart lien on Ambassadress Mlstal 0 1 Norman Kit Nubbles issue inches Scaramouche Fernlea Lavington Ixuncio The Ghost Grace Darling a velocipede NAGAMBIE '1 UHF CLUB Our Nagambie correspondent writes -The new I) formed Nagambie Turf Club held a meeting on Saturday night, and arranged the following programme for the 15th November to inaugurate the opening of the new course -Walden Plate, Selling Race Walden Hurdle, District Handicap, and Ladies Bracelet The committee are displaying great energy in the way of improvements to the course, and contemplate the erection of a grand stand, ice. COURSING GREAT SOUTHERN CUP Nominations close this afternoon, at 3 o'clock sharp, at the Victoria Coursing Club s office, 10 Market buildings, for the Great Southern Cup, Rupertswood Stakes and Clive Stakes, which will be run at the Oval, Diggers Rest, on Thursday) and Friday The entry and draw are on Wednesday PEDESTRIANISM MFLTORT INN <-nLI FIELD HANDICAP The first Sheffield Handicap at the main suburban grounds was brought to a most success ful conclusion yesterday afternoon, In the presence of a very large an I orderly assembly) in As the proprietors Messrs. Melrose and I obllison-appear determined whatever) thing shall be carried out fair as has distanced by their prompt life disqualification of a de litigious for personation- the Victory running grounds are sure to become a popular I late of resort Owing to the disqualifies tion of a piece, of Wind or, minister of the hull heat on Saturday, he heating and stated that his real name was Wilkinson the two remaining men ran over satin with the result that H M Darra non, beating 's 1 told by him in 41sec and took his place of In the fourth beat of the second round At the commence- meat Dainty now favourite at 3 to 1 there) being next at a point more, but both were beaten, and the four left in for the final hope there V W Hemers, L. Simpson D M Leslie and li M Darra The betting was 9 to 4 on losers S to 1 night I isho and Simpson, and 5 to 1 agst M Darra Rogers firmly) justified the odds laid on him, as he won easily by) three ) yards from Siam son, to a head he 11 as conceding vineyards Leslie finishing a yard behind the second Rogers received 00 sorts, and the silt or cup , Simpson 1 25 Sovs , Leslie, 10 sovs and VI Darra he says In addition to his officials before he motioned. J Little north senior, was timekeeper The following are the concluding heats - SECOND ROUND First Heat -I) M. Leslie. lords 1, H A Parker, rsyds'1« O'connor 15yds, D Corkodalu, lands Leslie and Corkadale aero put back a yard by the Starter W sort by a yard and a half time, Ula Second Heat W W Peters 10 just, 1 A W Dainty, 18yds D Beinke, loads. Won easily by) three yards Billie, UJs Third li at -St. Simpson, 15 yds, I, T Price 10 J Mrs J Leslie), J ) ds Won by a yard and a half Time Ills Fourth Heat-H M Darra, 13 yds, 2 J Sherritt 8 l d, R James, 16yds Won by the ) yards. Time, Ula. FINAL HEAT W W Honors Brighton 10) this 1 L. Simpson, Bacchus Marsh 15yds 2 D M Leslie, Inman ck 10 bids I U M Darra VV acres W aged 48 yds 4 Betting 6 to 4 on Rogers 1 to 1 agst Leslie and Simpson and 6 to 1 agst M Darra won by three yards, yard between second and third Time, 14s FOOTBALL A match was played on Thursday last at Toorak between the second teams from the Hawthorn Grammar School and Toorak College. In the first half Toorak scored 5 goals 2 behinds to 4 behinds. and after the interval added 8 more goals and 13 behinds, making a total of 12 goals 15 behinds to 4 behinds scored by the Hawthorn School. The goals were kicked by Mackinnon (4), G. Tait (3), Cuzens (2), and Sprague, Greene and Hooper 1 each CRICKET. The annual meeting of the South Melbourne CriokctLlub will be held this ex citing at 8 o'clock in the Mechanics Institute South Melbourne. 