THE PAY'S NEWS. To-day is the principal day of the Hawkes- tmry Race Meeting. There is much interest felt iu the rcsulfof tho Hawkmbury Handicap, nnd particulars of that orcnt will be found in thn nrdinurr Tow« Fditlnn e( Tim HHn.vi.n A Third Edition will he published this after noon as soon as the result of the Inst race is recoivcd, which will probnblr bo a little beforo four o'clock. A Fourth Edition, with the results of all the principal football matches aud other sports, will appear aom after six o'clock. A special meeting of the Football Association was held last night for thepurposo of consider ing the protest of South Melbourne agains Gcclonp, for playing Mitson after ho had played with Colac against Birregurra. Ma'.sou by playing with Oolac, was alleged to have broken Rulo 22,whichsetf forth that "No mem ber of au associated, nov associated or junioT 1 club shall play with mop than ono club during one season, except he prmanontly change his residence from town to- ountry, or vice versa- and bos first obtained >be consent of the Asso ciation, but in the eveit of a member not liav ing played with his clib for thrco consecutive Saturdays immediatel' prior to his application for a permit ho shall )o allowed, with the con sent of the committer of his club and the ap proval of the Association, to join one other club during the season. Should the committco of his club withhold its onsent the Association shall have power to grant a permit "without such consent. N( permits shall be granted after the 15th day of Jily. Schools and Universities are not to be copidored clubs within the moan ing of this iuV Matson played with Colao without a pcrsit on the 15th July, but it was urged on his iohalf that he merely played a friendly gamevithout anyintontion of joining tbo Colao Cl-'o. The protest was lodged in n friendly wayby the South Melbourne Club, in uruur, npp.iounj , i,u uutuiu jiisbiucatiou lor playing a ann undor similar circumstances lost seosn, when they were fined, aud tbe match awarded against them. The protet was unanimously dismissed, and the deport fee, on the motion of Mr Halt, was ordered o be returned to South Melbourne. Tbe Jbrd BiiLop of Sydney arrived by tho overlnd express to-day, on a visit to the Bishop of Melbourne. Ho was mot on the plntfom by Bishop Moorhousc, and driven to tb Bishop's Palace, East Melbourne. r Jamta Kelly, tho captain of the Trahra Briade, is giving evidence beforo sslccb com- ta'tee inqniry into the working of tho ffre bigades system on Wednesday last, said that &r; Hoad, Superintendent of the Insurance Ire Brigade, who supplied reports of fires to no press, never gave the local brigades any credit. As far as TnF. Hriiald is concerned we can contradict ibis statement, as Mr Hoai has always been ready to give local brigades credit for attendance at fires, but, of course, it is impossible for him to know of every brigade that as perhaps one or two members only present. An Exchange telegram states that 80 points of rain havo fallon at Balranald, 93 at Euston, 09 at Wentworth, and 70 at Moulamein. It is close ond threatening at Balranald. Thirty points of rain fell at Hlllston yesterday, and it is still threatening. One inch and 50 points have fallen at- Corowa since the 10th, and there 8 a prospect of more. In tbe sporting world there were few gentle men more widely known and respected than the late Mr F. Dicker Hamilton, who died in Syl- noy last evening. Under tbe nom de plume of " Nlmrod's Ghost" and " Tout Cela," Mr Hamilton for tho past thirty years contributed to the Australian sporting .prees. Born In tho south of England about the year 1820, Mr Hamilton came to the colonies more than thirty years ago, and soon established ft reputation for himself as au amateur runnor in Adelaide, from whence he ehortly afterwards sailed to Tasmania and New Zealand, where for some time he occnpied a prominent position amongst owners of racehorses. Mr Hamilton leaves a widow and four children in indigent circumstances. The Yamma Estate, about 30 miloe from Jerilderie,N. S. Wales, was put up for auction yesterday at iho Exchange. Considerable inter est was taken in the event by station owners all over Australia, as the perfection of the im provements, the security of the freehold and leasehold, and the circumstances under which it was brought into the markot, would make i i e sale a fair test price of the value of station property in tho open markot at tho present time. Yamma comprises about 58,283 acres freehold, and 2920 acres Crown lands. About 49,833 acres of the freehold are under mort gages for L50.000 payablo in April 1888, andbearing interest at 5 por cent per annum. The purchaser was called upon to covenant payment of the mortgage debt at maturity The estate bad 15 targe tanks and six wells was mostly wire fenced, and the mansion as the auctioneer expressed it, is replete with comfort though not needing a prlucely income' for its maintenance, while only 15 miles from a railway station. Tho number of sheep was only about 23,880, bee uho foreseeing the recent bad season, the owner of Yamma, MrC. M. Lloyd, had sold off bis stock as far as possible. Mesra Wilkinson, Graves and Lavender, tho auctioneers, state that Mr Lloyd had put' very costly improvements on the estatOj'because for the last 30 yoara he had no intention of selling, but now the gout had compelled him to ra&ko; a lengthened sojonrn at the famous European mineral springe, and he wished to be relieved of the anxiety of the property. The clip this year averaged 71b lloz fleeces, clean wool. The sums realisod during the past nine years for wool had varied from about LG440 to L9011, aud tho stock sales exclusive of horsos had boon about L83,707 for the past nine years. After these and many other points hod been duly impressed upon tho targe audience the auctioneer asked for bids. A stohdigrftvtty crept over tho countenances of all whom tho auctionocr glanced at uutll at last ho exclaimed, " Gracious I the money thoro Is in this room, and no one will make a bid." Alter the usual probation tho auctioneer with drew tho estate for private sale declariug that ho know half-a-dozen would-be pur- cll'SCIH. Tho Ohincso oabinotmakors havo followed in tbo wake of tho European 'busdrlvers, and bavo gone ou "fltriko." The complaint la tho samo— too long hours, and too littlo pay. Tho masters ato iu a tcrriblo fix, and will, iu all probability give in to the men's domands. Tho 11 Hi nthen Chinee " makers of sofas, chairs, cheat of drawers, dc, number some hundreds, but the maators don't number a score. At 3 o'clock to-day, at tho Trados' Hall, strike pay will bo distributed to tho 'busmou still ont of work owing to tho recent disagroomout About 00 mon are still uuomployed ami thovato of pay thoy receive is 25s por week for married men and 18a for ainglo. Tho commiUco appolutod for the purpose is still in atteudanco and will be pleasod to receivo any funds con tributed for the benefit of drivers off duty. A daring caso of horsestealing has been re ported to tho Sonth Melbourne police. Yester day afternoon, during tho temporary absence of Mr Richard Yeoman, photographer, from his rcsidonco in Clarendon strcot, the padlock of the stable was forced open and his horse stolen. No trace of the missing auimsl has since been found. The Fast of Guodaliah, which commences at Bunsot this afternoon and coucludos at suusot to-morrow, U one of those ceremonials which the Jews have celebrated with anch exactness for ages past. It is in commemoration of the death of Gnodaliab, the Jewish Governor appointed by tho Babyloniaus, who was killed by Iahmacl. The occurrence is notified in tho second verso of the 41st chapter of Jeremiah, it being regarded by the Jews as a national misfortune, and hence they fast to celebrate it. Next week services will he held iu the Synagogues, the days being regarded as penitential days. Mr Robert T. Litton, tho commissioner for the Capo Exhibition, has shipped by the Fronch mail steamer Sydney exhibits for tho Depart ment of Agriculture. Messrs Thomas Trood and Co., Bale, Messrs Kitchen aud Sou, Mr James Stirling, and Mr R. T. Litton, havo sent a fino collection of geological specimens and f ossils of Victoria, which aftor exliibltion are to be prcscntcu to tno uape xown Mincum. Mr Litton has worked most energetically and may be congratulated on tbe success he has achieved in thus bring Victorian products beforo the South African public. Tho following are tho readings by Gaunt's instruments Baromofccr, 80.100, rising. Hoat iu suu to-day, 12 uoon, 1 12. Tho highest reading of Gaunt's thermometer in tho shudo, Bourko street, yesterday, was 02, and the lowest from 9 a.m. yesterday to 9 a.m. to-day, 50. The highest reading in the sun yesterday was 70\. Rainfall, 0.-15. The President of tho Brighton Bowling Club, Mr John Bligli, invito! the playing members to dinner last night at his residence, Warlaigh, Brighton, and n number of gentlemen responded. Mr Bligh occupied the chair, and Mr Binnio the vice chair. After doing justice to a most elegant and sumptuous repast, the toast of "Tho Queen" was duly honored. "Success to Bowling Clnbs ' was proposed nnd duly respouded to. Mr Lister then proposed "The Health of the President," which was re ceived with applause. Dinner being over, the gentlemen adjourned to tho drawing room where the host and hostess did everything to make a pleasant evening; aud after musio and songs had been freely indulged in the party dispersed, with the conviction that they had had one of tho most pleasant evenings they had evcrspont in Victoria. Tbe Becond fori nightly matinee of the Fraternity of Mutual Imps, in the Hanover Rooms, Eastern Arcade, resulted in a full house ou Thursday, which fact must have been very pleasing to tho various brethren who took part in the por formnncc. Mr G. R. Moulton'a pianoforte solo was very good, and the songs of Mr Matlock were well worth listening to. Mr Arthur Vivian did well with his comicalities— ho evi dently possesses great powor in this direction. Madame Jerome sang tho Jewel song from " Faust " with great feeling aud power, Mr Percy Brown can sing, and shewed that ho could, nnd the vocal accomplishments of Mr Thompson gave every satisfaction. Mr Rodney provoked great risibility among tho nudienco by bis humorous rendering of " Vilikins aud his Dinah;" and "Eugano Aram's Dream" wai Mnflfll'itlv woll rAPif.fwl htf \fr Tlrtllntr Mr fTnan Eaton played the banjo with all his accustomed skill, and hia rendering of "Homo Sweet Homo " was listened to with that wrapt atten tion which it thoroughly deserved j in fact this performance commanded a silence Which evi dently evinced that sentiment has by no means died ont in the mental composition of tbe "Imps " and their friends. The next matinee is fixed for the 24th inst. < The following is the Insolvency list for Mon day Before His Honor Judge Noel, fin re Ric hard' Augustus Snell adjourned exumina tion summons at 11. Beforo the Cbiof Clerk, general meeting at 11, in re John£Beatty deceased; adjourned general meeting, /iu re W. K. Vail. Mr Call is often, and fitly, severe on the street obstruction by tradesmen's wares, and fnrthor upon tbe temptation thus afforded to starving thieves. Probably a hint from a brother magis trate would bnve launched him off this morning in a criticism on the undue temptation afforded by the time-payment system. A most miser able looking man, Arthur 1'oblo, was re manded till next week for obtaining L16 worth of furniture on this plan, and disposing of it. He, however, admitted bis guilt without giving any trouble. He said he could get no omploy uiont, and had to view tho spectacle of his wife Btarving beside him, whilo tho time-payment furniture afforded a temptation he could not resist. John H.Fitzgerald, a young man, was this morning remanded by the City Bench to Fiu- roy for bigamy. He married in 1879 and agaiu in 1888. Detective Considine informed tho court that this case was almost original in the prisoner having very ingeniously managed to lire with both the wives at once, keeping two establishments. The Bootmakers' strike, how ever, broke this system up, by withdrawing tho good wages he was able to earn. He then left Victoria, but kept up a correspondence. He would only forward money to one wife. A search after him led to tho wholedoublc-dealiug being exposed. The Carlton Police Court is perhaps con ducted on the most free and easy plan of any boll of justice anywhere, There seems to be aa Idea tbat only thoso specially connected with tho cases being adjudicated upon havo any interest in them. Tho prisoner is bronght in, the sergeant of police steps over and whispers tho nature of the charge, and finds ont how the person pleads, steps back again nnd whispers the Bame thing to tho Bencli/Thcn a witness is called, who generally talks to tho Bench, and no one olse can have any but a faiut idea of what is going on. So much is this tbo ciue that tho counsel engaged haB often to step up to tho wilnees-box in order to hear sufficiently well to conduct bis case. The orderly, if such a term is npplicablo where several lawyers are cither conversing or interjecting remarks at .once occasionally calls out " Sllenco in court," but nothing further is done beyond dismissing a crying child or a dog from tho room, aud the noico continues. At the Malvern Police Court this morning James Williams, a carpenter, was charged with a breach of the Railway bye-laws, consisting of travelling from Prince's Bridge to Mordinlloc cu a ticket only entitling him to travel as far ob Caulfield. The offence wns provod, aud tho defendant was fined £2 2.«, with £1 Is costs. A rather novel caao of larceny as a bailee was investigated at the Bungarce Court yester day. A local carpenter, named Stephen Chap man, was charged with tho larceny of about £2, which money ho had collected for a tea- meeting to be held at St. Luke's Church, at Pootilla, and whica he failed to deliver up to tho church committee. Tho prisoner, who was secretary to the church, was awarded fourteen days' imprisonment. James O'Brien,, tho husband of the woman who died on Saturday last from tho offects of malpractice, and who is now undergoing n sentence in the Maryborough Gaol, has been communicated with by the pollco authorities in reference to his wife's death. Ho has, in reply, written a tatter In which he Mka the police to look aftor his cliildrcu and his property tint I ho is liberated from gaol ou the 29th lust. Hia request will bo compiled with. 1 Ou S&turday;, 20th September, five thousan of tho State school children are to sing at th Exhibition Building in aid ot tho Gordon Memorial Fund. The chlldronwill be aldod by Mr Armoa Beaumont, Mr E. King, Mr Zorblnl, and Signor Alberto Zelman, and tho manage ment has boon confided to tho officiont aud energetic hands of Mr J. Lake. Considerable amusement was created at an evi niiig party in ono.of tbo suburbs ono oven, ing this week by tho way in which a young lady puzzled two well-kuown ministers preaont with n simple biblical conundrum. Hor ques tion was " If David was Joab's uuele and Joab Abigail's nophow, what rotation was Zeruiah to Joab?" Thow immediately replied "His father." On boing assured tbat they woro wrong, thoy wont through tho words again only to givo tho Bamo answer. At longth after having tried their patience for some time Itho pert miss informed them amid roars of langhtcr that Zeruiah was Joab's mothor. Tho match between O'Brien and Malono for L200 and tho half-mile championship of Aus tralia, Is to bo run on Saturday, 2 (th October In addition to the principal evont, and iu order to present a good afternoon's amusement, ar rangements have been mado with Mar shall and Fosso to run their tivo-iullo match for L&O; ou the same ground. It has also been decided to give a valuablo trophy for a live mile bicycle race, three guineas aud two gtiiueas for a handicap mile walk and fivo jgnineas three "guineas and two guineas for tbic handicap sprint evcuts 100, 200, and 300 yards. For all the handiosp oventa the uomluatlou and nccoptanco foos.haro been fixed at 2s fid each. Eutrics for theso must bo addressed to Professor Milter at the " Sports man " oillco. In another column is published tho annual balnucc-shcct of tho Mutual Storo Limited. The shareholders have evory reason to ba gratified at the result of tho year's operations. Tho profit and loss accouut commenced with a balance to credit of £531 12s 5d, and tbe profits for tho year have been £U>49 12s Id' From premises account £212 4s was received and miscellaneous receipts amounted to £128 Ha 2d, miking the total £5575 8a 5d. Of this £500 has to be sot aside to meet depreciation ot stock, and £250 is required for the bonus, and m settle ment of claims of the late secrotary. This haves £4823 10s 2d available for division, and the directors recommend that a dividend at the rate of 10 por ceut. be declared, aud a bonus of 8 per cent, on purchases made by members. The dividend aud bonus will sop up £-121 12s, leaving a balance of £53 1 8s 2d, which the di rectors proposed to carry forward to tho credit of next year's profit aud loss ac count. In our advertising columns will bo found the preliminary announcement ot the wrestling match between Miller and Whistler at ths Theatre Royal, on tho afternoon of Saturday the 2fith inst. Tho contest is to be foi £200, tho best of thrco falte in the Graoco-Roman style, In which both Miller and Whistler hava gained champion honors. Both the wrestlers are in close work. Miller will wroatlo at about list. 81b., and Whistler some two stone lighter The final deposit of £30 aside is due next Thursday, nine days before the match The Theatre Roynl management wil make every arrangemont for tho convenicnc of both wrestlers and tho spectators, th splendid stage and accessaries of the Roya affording a wrestling space of nearly 3Qft b 80ft. The greatest interest Is taken in th present match, and considerable sum? continu to be wageivd on the result of what is eertaia to be ono of the most exciting wrestling con tests yet seen. A meeting of gcutlcmcu favorable to the cou. tinuancc of the Collingwood Flower Show nncl Cottage Garden Competition was held last evening in the Courthouse, Johnstono street. There was a vory good at tendance, his Worship tho Mayor (Or Gray), iu the chair. Councillor Field was re-elected treasurer, and Messrs "if and Wilson were ro-clected joint secrctar cs. An influential committee was appointed to make the arrangements, and a sub- committee to wait upon the judge3 with a view to ascertaining upon what date it would bo most convonicntlo tliem to attend the show. Several subscriptions were handed in, and the Mayor announced that he would give a special priv.c for tbo best kept ynrd and garden, and that the lady Mayoress would give prizes for the best arranged bouquets, suitable for young ladies. Tho mooting then adjourned until next Friday evening. Mr M. L. Hntchin&on; ha9 J published, in pamphlet form, the six lectures on the Galatian Lap3c, recently dellvorcd by Bishop Moor house. By advertisement in another oolamn the Omnibus Company state that until further notice tho transfers previously allowed on their lines, will be discontinued on SamJaya only. Mr Laiublc annonncca a now series of Tonic Solfa classes, commencing noxt week, at tho Assembly Hall, Collins atreet. Mr Goldstein advertises requesting that the gentleman to whom he entrusted a diamond bracelet on tho 11th Anguat will return tho same to him at tho Earl of Rosoberry hotel, Swim&ton; street, An open-air temperance meeting, under the auspices of the Helboarno Total Abstinonco. Society, will be held on the Queen'd wharf to morrow afternoon, at 8 o'clock, whon addresses will be delivered by Messrs C. G, Carr, W. S Clancy, and George Hughes. A very attractive ministrel and variety pro gramme has been provided for this evening's People's Concert in tho Temperance Hall llnseell street, the Combination Scrcnaders having been specially re organised for the first part of tho programme. The second part will consist of acrobatic and comic musical aots by Harry Leslie. Highland dancing by Master Tait, Scotch ballads by Miss Annio Kluunird, Irish songs and jigs by Bcrtio Daley, negro apecialitca nnd songa and dauccs by Messrs Whitburn, Burness, Gardner, and English, and concertina solos by Mr J. G. Wheeler. On Thursday afternoon a very handsome pre- : sentation in the-shape of a goldtcbain and locket, with a valuabloWaltbam kcyloss watch attached, was mado to Mr M. C. Powell, by his fellow officers in the G.P.O. Mr Powell who hai been somo 20 years In tho mail branch, has lately been transferred to the Water Supply department The loeket bears on the one siuo tho inscription " Presontcd to Mr H. C. Powell by his fellow officers of the G.P.O., Molbourne, as a token o their esteem for his valuable service," and on the ot bur side 1b the mouogram M.C.P. jTbo presen- tation.vrhich took placoin the sorters room, was made by Mr Wright on behalf of the staff. 