TWO WATS OF TELLIM A STORY, Kino James VI.. on .removing to London, was waited upon by the Spanish ambassador, a man of erudition, but who had a crotchet in his head that every country should have a professor of signs, to teach him and the like of him to understand one an" other. The ambassador was lamenting one day., before the king, this great desideratum throughout all Europe, when the king, whp was a queerish sort of .man, says to him, "Why, I have a professor of signs in the northernmost college in my dominions namely, at ^Aberdeen •; but it is a great way off, perhaps six hundred miles." '' Were it ten thousand leages oif, I shall see him.." says the ambassador' " and am determined to set'out in two or three days." The king saw he had committed himself, and writes, or causes to be written, to the university of Aberdeen, stating the case, and desiring the professors to put him off some wajv or make the best of him. The ambassador arrives, is received with great solemnity, but soon began to inquire which of them had the honor to - be professor of signs ; and being told that' the professor was absent in the Highlands, and would not return nobody could say when, says were the ambassador, "I will wait his return,thoughit were twelve months." Seeing that this would not do, and that they had to entertain him at a great ex pense all the while, they contrived a stratagem. There was one Geordy, a butcher, blind of one eye, a droll fellow, with much wit and roguery about him. He is got, told; the story, and instructed to be a pro fessor of signs, bud not to speak on pain of death. Geordy undertakes it. The ambassador is now told that the professor of signs would be at home next day, at which he rejoiced greatly.: Geordy is gowned wigged, and placed in a chair of state in # room of the college, all the professors and the ambassador being in an adjoining room. The ambassador is now shown into Geordy's room, and left to converse with him as well as he could, the whole professors waiting the issue with fear and trembling. The ambassador holds up one of his fingers to Geordy ! Geordy holds up two of his. The ambassador holds up three ; Geordy clenches his fist and looks stern. The am bassador then takes an orange from his pocket and holds it up : Geordy takes a bit of barley-cake from his pocket, and holds that up. After which the ambassador bows to him, and re tire# to the other professors, who anxiously inquire his opinion of their brother. "He is a perfect miracle," says the ambassador j '■< I would not give him for the wealth of the Indies !" " Well," say the professors, " to descend to particulars." " Why," said the ambassador, " I first held up one finger, denoting that there is one God; he held up two signifying that these are the Father and the Son 1 I held up three, meaning the Holy Ghost; he clenched his fist, to say these three are one. I then took out an orange, signifying the goodness of God, who gives his creatures not only the necessaries', but She luxuries of life; up.on which the wonderful man presented a; piece of bread, showing that it was the staff of life, and preferable to every luxury." , The professors were glad that matters had turned out so well; so, having got quit of the ambassador, they next got Geordy, to hear his version of- the signs, " Well Geordy, how have you come on, and what do you think of yon man?" "The rascal!" says Geordy, " what did he do first, think ye? He held up one finger, as much as to say, you have 'only one eye! Then I held up two, meaning that my one eye was perhaps as good as both his. Then the fellow held up three of his fingers, to say that there were but three eyes between us; and then I was so mad at the scoundrel that I steeked my nieve, and' was to come a whack on the side of his head, and would ha' done it too* but for your sakes. Then the rascal did not stop with his provocation here, but, forsooth, takes out an orange, as much as to say, your poor cold country cannot produce that I I allowed him a whang of a hear bannock, meaning that I diclna care a farthing for him nor his trash neither, as lang's I hae this! But by a' that's guid," concluded Geordy, " I. am angry yet that I didna thrash the hide o'the scoundrel!"—So much for signs, or two ways of telling a story. —M'Diarmia fl Scrap Book. 