GENERAL GORDON. I think it is now beyond all doubt that Gordon is dead, and that he like a 8"ldier fell; for whether he was stabbed in the back or in the front, whether slain with a revolver • shot or a cannon ball, whether blown to stems by a dynamite mine, a bombshell, a torp=do. or any other infimal machine, it was a soldier's death, which the EO : dier renders himself liable to when he buys a commission or tak-s the shilling, making war his trad?. In carrying out the object in view, which is generally an unjust on-, it is the general's place to take as much life as he can with as little danger tn his own men as possible; therefore to steal upon a sleeping camp, or to spring a mine on the unsuspecting foe, or to bombard a city fall of innocent women and children, is esteemed excellent generalship, worthy of cano> isation. As for the soldiers they are no longer free agents—thty are merely parts of a machine— Parts ol a tearful whole. Whose body Murder is, and Greed tbe sonl. The centurion tells each one to "come ani he cometh, go and he g e;h, do thiB and he doeth it," Theirs not make replv. Theirs not to reason why. Theirs but to do and uie. And so it will be until the masses all over the earth—in Russia, in France, in Germany, in England — b*gin to reason why they shonM rush with such glee to cut each others' throats, at the instigation of viifaiooue wretches who are rolling in luxury and grinning in saf- ty hundreds of miles away, specua iog on the chances and probable results of the battle*. Gordon was a soldier, ar d more'B the pity. A braver man than Gordon never lived, but still ' e was not a soldier every inch of him. He proved at times that be was something much better than a collier, f jr thongh anything but an orthodox Christian, he was a philosophic philanthropist, doing work in Tre'and and in the London b^k slums which Jesus would have done. We are all, more or less, the creatures of our sunoandings, and so it is that circumstance and habits force on us a second nature. In Gordon's case the philanthropist was fr quently lost in the warrior, and all nice notions of justice in tbe military martinet. It is terribl to r«ad of the borribltliarbarities committed by the "law and order" party when Chinese Gordon conquered Huug-tsne-tsuen, the village schoolmaster who. In possession of a number of missionary tracts, announced himself to be the younger brother of Jesus Christ, with a commission from God to overturn the reigning dynasty, and to establish a better state of affairs than had been the outcome of the opium war. This Hung was guilty cf fearful atrocities, but not as great as those committed by the Imperial party, who owed their victory in such a great degree to General Gordon, wno, in vain, expostulated with the Mandarins, into whose hands the Taeping prisoners had been delivered. Well, indeed, might tbe correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph exd im, as he comments on how the English and French authorities took no measures to prevent tbe ruthless butchery of those they had lent their aid to capture—" Horror of horrors ! how am I to describe tbe fearful scene, or will it ever leave my memory ? Amongst those, wretches were young and old of botb sexes and of all ages and sizes, fr -m the infant recently born to the man of e ghty tottering on his staff; from the enceinte woman to the youngest maiden from ten to eighteen. Some of the latter had fainted, and were pulled along the ground to the executioners, who threw them on their backs, tore off their clothes, and ripped them from the lowr-r part of the abdomen to the breasts, which were cut off and dashed in their faces. After a little while, in this state of exesesive torture, the executioner thrust his hand into the chest, and tore out the reeking heart, bis victim looking him in the face all the while!" Thank God, I had no hand or part in this gory glory, for Bt that time I was much better employed making dams up in the Mallee, to store rain water, and so utilise that portion of God's earth, which was always deserted in tbe summer months. General Gordon did his work well in China, but future generations will consider such work aB unworthy of a man who proved him self capable of much better things, and they will attribute his deeds of war to the nn< civilised and unchristian age in which it was his lot to be cast Gordon venerated the beautiful, loving, gentle nature of Jesus, the essenoe of whose qniet, peaceful i-xistencn. he considered, to be solely due to His submission to God's will, and, filled with this veneration, Gordon was perhaps as much a disciple of the Prince of Peace as it was poa. sible for a man of war to be. Death had no terrors whatever to Gordon. He held that everything that happens to a man of good or evil was settled one million million years ago by a Higher Power, who is infioite wisdom, and so he writes w> bis sister from the Soudan—" No comfort is equal to that which he has who has God for his stay—who believes, not in words, but in fact, that all things are ordained to happen, and muBt happen. He who has this has already died, and is free from the annoyance of this life," Gordon was ever ready for death, and Thesbadon- cloaked from bead to foot, Who beeps tbe keys of all the creeds, had no terror for him. He knew no danger, for as George Chapman sings— There Is no danger to the man who knows What life and death i»; there's not any law Exceeds his knowledge; neither is It lawful That be should stoop to any other law. He goes before them, and cumu andsthem all, That to tilmself is a law rational. It seems somewhat coincidents! that our most eminent Gordons were all fated to be fatalists. George Gordon, best known as iiori Byron, was strongly tinged with -fatalism, and the highly- gifted and ill-fated A. L. Gordon (who composed so many of his beautiful poems by our beautiful lake and in •our gardens, whioh I hope to see yet graced with his statue) was also a confirmed fatalist, ®a many of his poems can testify, I need only refer to his soul-wrung poem " Wormwood and Nightshade," in which he ex- •claims— Tilings were to bare been, and therefore They were, and they are to be. And will be;—we must prepare for The doom we are bound to dree. Is there nothing real but confusion? Is nothing certain but death ? Is nothing fair save illusion? Is nothing good that has breath? 'General Gordon's fatalism was not as gloomy as that of poor A. L. Gordon's, but then he never experienced the terrible griplngs of poverty, which makes a bell of earth by deranging the liver and leaving nothing in the stomach but bile. General Gordon is gone, and as he fell I feel assured that as he gave up the ghost he thought in the words of A. Ii. Gordon's " Siok Stockrider"— I would live the same life over, if I had to live again; And tbe cnances are I go where moat men go. 