ISHMAEL. 4 A NOVEL. Bi M. E. BBADpON, Atthob op " Ladt Atolet's Sect ft," " VntEx," " The Golden Caep," &c.;, &xt.; Chatted julaVL — " Foe, Lo ! the Winteb rs Fast." It was nearly eleven o'clock. The lamps and Chinese lanterns of tho festival in the Legitimist quarter made a glow of light above the roofs and dormers of the sombre old houses, the lnrid glare of a conflagration ; while on every gust of summer wind there floated the music of a military hand, softened by distance. The pavement in front of the Clovaroche mansion was crowded with idlers, waiting to see the carriages driTe in through the bread gateway, idlers who remarked audibly upon the costumes of the masquers, and tried to guess their identity. The Baroness Clavaroche, gorgeous in a gown of yellow satin and point d» Yenisc, was stationed in the vesti bule of her salon of roses, an octagon room lined with palms and tropical ferns, the rich bloom of cactus, Cape jasmine and orange flowers, re- earing her guests as they filed past her to the ballroom. There were no announcements, mystification being tbo chief feature of the festival. The guests handed their cards of invitation to the groum oi toe chambers, who threw Uicm into a gigantic Oriental howl on a carved cbonv stand, which stood near iho chief entrance. The Baroness alone was nntnaskcd Bat later in tho evening, when the duty of receiving her guests was over, she too was to have her share in the general bewilderment, provided a', s ays that in sharp eyed Paris there was a single morti.I in capable of recognising that flemish torso and the peculiar setting ou of the fair Flemish head. Baron Clavaroche, a fi:h very much out of weter in the midst of ti e masked crov J, moved slowly to and fro among the throng in sober evening dress, over which, to satisfy hi? wife's fancy, he had consented to wear a small Venetian mantle of gold embroidered brocade. He wore tho Legion of Honor, with its eagle in diamonds, not long received from the Imperial hand ; and as ho crrcnlated among hi; guests, masked among the crowd of other masks, ho had tho felicity < 1" hoaring himself, his wife and b;; fortunes dis cussed in tire free and easy way in which friends talk of each other under snch cir cumstances. There is something in tho rcty act of giving a grand cntcrtuinmen: which seems to put a man and woman out of conrt. as it were. Every one finds something to criticise, something to condemn, something to grmnb'o about. There is nothing so good that it might not havo been better; there are no anangemcnts so perfect as to be with out a hitch somewhere; and then comes the chorus of complainings — " Did you ever see any thing so badly managed as the enti-anco for tho carriages ?" " IVe waited at least an hour." " That aralancho of rcsrs min t te-ve cost a fortune." "Nothing to pcojl.: who make money by tho wholesale ruin of their fellow creatures, as old Bourley made his." " Ho was at tho bottom of tho Mexican loan." "Monty." " Jcckcr." "Highway robbery under a new name." Tho 1 aron himself had not a sous." " Married him for the sako of his title." " The snpper s to be ia a marquee at tho end of the garden, five minutes' walk." "Pleasant, if tho night should be wet." "Every sign of a tauudcrstarin." " Electric light sure to bo a failure." " They, narrowly escaped a fiasco at the ball at the Tnilerics.. Rather a daring axprriment for' Madame Claravoche." "My dear, that woman's whole careet is an cxperinont." i These were the rags and scraps of conversation which greeted tho master c: tho house as he moved rertleraly from pillar to post, now gazing upward at tho festoons of summer roses, the dazzling crystal chandeliers, tlio in numerable wax candles, thinking of what lii3 mo' her would havo suffered could 6ho havo soen tho desecration of those noble old room;. this riotous luxury, this wild expenditure on flowers and caudles aud decorations which wo'tld be swept, away to the rubbish heap tounorrow — sho who had , counted every sous, yet who at her poorest had scrupulously set apart- the tenth of her income for charity, and had often exceeded that amount at tho cost of her own comfort, nay. of almost the necessities of life. And withal, she bad been cheerful, and had delighted in those gmy grave old rooms, and tho few grave ami gray old friends who occasionally assembled there. He thought of iho&e; parties of tho past, to night'. while the waltz of maskers swept past him iiko a mountain torrent, and the solid old oak floor seomed to rock under that, rhythmical tread. He remembered tho little knot of elderly men and women grouped in front of the old hearth yonder, now hidden behind a sloping bank of Provence roses. He recalled tho slow, measured speech, the political discussions, the prophecies of impending doom for ibis Imperial sitniilarreem. which seemed so fair and sound, and yet was hollow and rotten, and on the point of falling like a palace built out of a pack of cards. So, at least, the worthy adherents of Henri Cinq had gone on protesting for the last fifteen years. And now they were all dispersed, those shadows of the past ; and the children of tho Empire filled the room with their garish mirth, their torbulent pleasure. They flew in eirelcs past him, a whirlpool of color and brightness, a phantasmagoria of strange figures — Waiteau shepherdesses, Mexi can post boys, Turkish generals, Spanish bull fighters, Swiss cowherds, Chineso mandarins, gipsies from wild 6trange lands between the Dannlie and the Baltic, polichinellcs, feet- follets. dcbarelcurs, postilions of Longjnmcau, brigands, coolies, abbe's, sweeps, skeletons, harlequins, misers, Jews, sailors, demons, all revolving, circulating, changing places, like the chips oi colored glass in a kaleidoscope. The baron crept awav from iho ballroom in despair. He wandered through those lace- draped doorways, under festoons of roses, wondering where they had carried the good old panelled doors, whether perchance they had been carted off to be bnrncd, as some thing demode in the way of architecture, and whether he was henceforth to live in a house without doors. No new cllangc could surprise him, after the changes that had already taken ph.ee. His wife's taste and his wife's money had so transformed the good old house that there was not within its , walls a single spot on which the baron could rest the sole of his foot, without having his old : habits, his old associations outraged by the novelty of his surroundings. Tho violins and violoncellos, tho flutes and hautboys, sunk into aileoca within their gilded cages, and that nioelstrom of daucere and colors, gold and glitter, ceased its wild revolving. The dancers dispersed slowly in adjoining rooms, or in the garden, where the summer moon was shinit" oil a sraoth lawn, on flower btris and fountains, and on the great crimson and white marquee yonder, which was to open iis doors at one o'clock precisely for supper. ; "Do yon know if Lady Constance Dane tree : is here?"- asked a Watteam columbine of a j Mexican pote. boy. on whose arm she Irani, as 1 ihey paced the velvet lawn, j I have not seen her yet." l)o yo t think von would know her in a mask?" " Do I think L should know Juno if I met her ou the boulevard Lady Constance has a walk and an air tliut no man with an eye for hearty could possibly mistake." j "You idiniie lia very uiusii." said the I columbine, with a faint sigh. She was one oi tho prettiest littlo figures in tho sherw, dressed all in white and pale grav, j like a china figure in biscuit and gris-de- i fiaitders, pawdsred ,wig, white titles, white; j frock, white gloves, '» itii toadies cf grev- aSfciA here and there, and a grey velvet bodice/ that fitted th# phnnp supple figure as the rissd fits ihe peach. The post boy looked down at beer with A mischievous smile playing round the corners of his moustachioed lips. The black velvet mask left the mouth uncovered. " I think sho is the handsomest woman in Paris," he said ; " bnt not half so fascinating as a certain littlo woman I knew, who has much less pretension to absolute beauty, hut who is pourrit de. chic." " Sho is very charming." said the columbine, whose every day namo was Amelie Jane", re lieved by this avowal; "I am devoted to her. Is it not strange sho docs not marry?" " L'embarras du choir," answered the post boy, otherwise Armand do K4ralry. " Sh# might marry anyone, and so she marries no one." Armand and A radii c had been closer friends than ever since their adventure in the Quarries Latin. It is wonderful how a little escapada of that kind ripens "friendship. Thore was a secret between them, which served as a link. They conld not hear of tha Vienmtc's poetry without exchanging stolen glances, or hiding together in corners to lsmgh at their ease. The mere sight of tho littlo man, with his faultless gloves and boots, his mean little sallowfacc and intoler able airs, set Amelie and Armand in a mutual fever cf fun. And after a fortnight of this stolen jmisanent, Armand do KFratry rated out all r.t onco that he had had enough of a bachelor's life in Paris : that tbo existence was as bar. 7 as it was cosily ; that it would bo ra absolute economy to marry : and fhat Amelie Jarze", wbo had most of the faults and follies of her age aud epoch, redeemed by good Temper and high sjiirits, was tho one young v.-cman in all Paris whom ho would like to marry. His proposal was welcomed by. Monsieur and Madame Jarzd, who had known h:;a for vt-ars. He was not rich, but he had enough for exist ence, even in Paris ; and he had expectations. Had there been any prospect of a higher bid for her younger daughter, Madame Jane's heart wonM have hardened itself to stone. Bnt this being the best chance that had offered itself after three year.? of active enter prise in the husband hunting line, Madame Jarzc melted into tears and drew the young men to her moire" antique bosom before he was awaret " That child has always adored yon," she murmured. " Do you really think so ? " faltered Annsnd. who liked to think of a tender little soul looking up to him with secret worship, watching far his smiles, l.ving upon liis kind words. " Do you know, 1 had an idea at one time that Amclio wss very much taken by your wealthy friend, Monsieur Ishmacl." " My dear Arma.td ! How cculd you ?" ex claimed his future niother-in-law, who wax already speculating on the eorhcillc., and think ing of the letters de fain part. " A ir.'-.z cf it least, seven and thirty — nearly old enough to her father." Armand glanced at Monsieur Jarze", wrinkled, with a figure inclining to tha: of Punch, and thought there was a good deal o' differenco between the hypothetical parent and the real article. The arrangement war ratified — tho dot agreed. It would bo a -Irain upon tho paternal resources, and might involvo an appeal to the private purse of tho eatporor, a man of almost fabulous generosity to his dependents. But to See that cocklc-sh?'! barque, bis vocnger. dwghtcr, moored in a safe haven, Monsieur Jerzc woul l have undertaken a task iuf.nileiv more difficult, j And now Amelie hung upon her lover's awn j with the proud sense of proprietorship. She i was no longer a demoiscilc a mariw. with i keen eye ever on the watch for fhe chance I of tho moment, the sudden opportunity to lead I a worthy victim raptive. She had scored her J victim almost uuaw&rcs;, and he wore his chains ; as if ho liked them. T hat light nature of hers wa3 easily made happy. A month ago she had been miserable because Ishinaol did not care for her. She had told herself that in losing tho chance of a magnificent establishment sho had also lost tho one man of ill other? -"-bora she cculd truly aud fondly lore. Anu now she her- se.f that the one man whom she had truly and fondly loved from the very dawn of girlhood was tho man who was (o bo her husband, aud that her romantic admiration of lshmacl had been a mere caprice, a girlish whim, of no real sig nificance. To-night, assnrcd that her costume wss a success, sho felt that thcro was nothing want ing in her enp of bliss. Sho would not be rich a s Armand's wife, bnt she could bo aristo cratic. She wonid be Amdlio do Keratry. That " de " made urncuda for much. Sho bad always hated the plebeian sound of Jarze', tout court. Not so happ.y was poor Hortcnsc amidst the roses and the lights, the glitter and dazilo of the fete. Clad in a flowing rope of purest white, with classic sati-tals, a wreath of oak leaves on her classic head, an oak bough in her hand, sho represented a Grecian sibyl. It was a pretty dress in the abstract, and it became Hortcnsc Jarzc's style of beauty, bnt it was nol a good costume for a fancy ball. The short skirts and neat ankles, the columbines, and Pierrette?, and prtits chaperons rouges, and bcrgerts and debardeuses had it all their own way in the' dance ; and as there wss a good many wallflowers among the pctits ereves, yonng-old men who vowed that they had given up dancing years ago, tho dancers could take their choice in tho motley crowd of dantcs and damsels, all masked, and therefore all on cqnal terms as to beauty. It was form and paco that told at Madame Cfavwoche's ball. Vainly had Hortenso sought her poet amidst the throng. That small, frail figure might well be lost in such a crowd. And tho Vicoicte had left his intentions donbtfiil — would not sav whether he would or would not be present. He stigmatised the whole business as a folly, a mere parade and manifesto on the part of a vain, purse proud woman, who vented all Paris to talk about her and her house. "No doubt she thinks I shall celebrate her ball in a poem," lie said ; "send her down to posterity as the giver of the prettiest fete of the epoch.". "It would make a charming poem," sail Hortenso ; " the crowd of strange costumes of all nations — the music and flowers and summer night — the mystery of masked faces. Do go to the ball, if it were only for the sake of writing about it." The Vicomtc mused for a moment, and then shook his head. "It would not be worth the trouble, " he said. My muse is not inspired by chiffons." "Bnt chiffons role the world in our day," argued Hortcnsc, who knew the poet's thirst for renown. "Granted that such a subject is bencathj your pcu, yet you must know (hat a poem of that kind, full of personalities, would sot all Paris talking about the author." ! "It might." erased Ponchartraia, hvirlin- j the pointed fitd of his moustache with tiv- j delicately tapering fingers. » Peoplo alvcvs j, talk most about bagatelles. What a wondcr- | ful knowledge of the world you have, Madc- ; moiselle Jarze." i " J have been obligedtto endure my life in it j for the last five years," she answered wearily, j And now the sibyl was there, but had not as , yet discovered her Apollo. Tt was some time after midnight when Lady Constance Dam-, tree's conpd drove trader the porch. She had come very late, caring little about the festival, and unxions to avoid the block of carriages, She looked superb ia a Venetian costume of dark red velvet, gold brrcadc, and lilaelt fur, a rote such its' Titian or Moroni Would- have lured to paint. The ruff of old Italian point opened just wide enough to sho-.v the n-.b!.? curve of the throat, and was | Clasped by a large square vmrr.Lt <jf fabulous j value, set with black pearls, MWn«LW ff3 j K&fltry; had been right whati be+tid that « jilack velvet mask would g:hu! a ic.'-. Utti . j way towards teemting such a ndsss ft I CwtaawrJJswtaer. :v." r" IJLA-J womeiL- in - Paris whose .heads, were set up«n I thsir shoulders with such a queenliko grace- j lie figure aid hearing of this daughter of I Erin "-ere ' altogether exceptional. Ko mask :euld hide, no crn-.vd efface her. . Other masks j locked round her as soon as she appeared in ;Y". haUroom.- Every one recognised her. One r.r.i <o!d her that she' was either Titian's Queen :f C'.i-prus or Lady Constance Daactrcc. She a as entreated to dance. Venetian matrons did not waltz," she an swered. 'Jfo, their tittle amusements were of a more-serious kind. . They played at poisoning, and made Aqua Tofana, as modern children tnake toffee. . But that is no reason why Lady Constance Danctreo should not honor one of tho most devoted among her blares," urged an Ahhd, with powdered hair and diamond shue- huckles. -. . t am noi- Constance Danetrce, but a noblo Venetian of -the sixtocuth century, and I have never learnt, tie -iiauqes -of the- second French Empire, '''jhe answered, mailing past him, with a gracious bend of ctho beautiful head, undis guised by any ornament-, save a singlo striug of pearls twisted amoni;. tin- massive plaits.' She mihgied with the crowd which lined the hpllroom, leaving only a central space for the ian'/js, and moved slowly- onward, pausing from time to time to talk to friends, or to watch the waltzers. And now a new sensation made itself evident among the thrAng. A suppressed titter, sub jugated as much as possible for decency's sake, circulated in that hall of fading roses, and glit tering crystals, and myriad- wax- candles begin ning to bend.and gutter in their ssckcts in an atmosphere rapidly becoming tropical. A figure, nnwn till a few minutes ago, had inspired tho whole room with a. sudden .sense of the ridi-. calbns. It was a female figure, suggestive of Bubens and the Louvre, recalling an apotheosis of Mario de Medicis.; yet still more vividly re- calling the nearer imago; of the Belle Hclene. It . was a lady in tho full maturity cf a Flemish beant-y, fat, fair, and-i thirty, clad as. the world is accustomed .. to , see Indies did . across tho footlights— hut rarely, with-, out-that intervening rampart.. A woman on the stage is sacred as a priestess by an altar.. She -belongs to the world of. art. 'She is a figure in a picture. She loses, her indi viduality, and is . only a part of a whole. But a woman parading a ballroom on a level with the eye, nibbing shoulders with .the crowd, is only a woman ; and in her case there is no excuse for. a sin against womanly delicacy. I sfu'eHs cried a toreador, as the lady passed; leaning on the arm of. an ambassador, labtlla Ilclcr.".! Hilere, said another ; mi is pas trop helle. . Q-isJlc braJc da chair hantaittc, whispered aPisrrott C'.cst phis , Schneider qua Schneider, mut tered a Bonmaniau gipsy. The fair being sailed on tri'jmphant, bearing only a.vaguo buzz of admiration. .And now the band in the hell room- struck, up tho march from La Grande Ducli esse, and a -second orches tra-hidden in tho garden repeated tho strain. It .was a signal for supper and tee unmasking. Helcno and her ambassador led the way, and t! ; throng followed ; a dense procession of splendid and eccentric costumes, jingling hells, waring plumes, clashing armw, demons, houris, Turks! crusaders. . Lady Constance. Dar.etrcc, embarrassed by tie number of her adur.revs, all eutrcating the honor of her baud, pair ed in the midst of a littlo' .circle, undecided which mask sho should fcvor. Abbe", Pierrot, Bed Indian, Mandarin, Toreador, they all pressed round her. each hoping to bo chosen, when tho circle was sud denly-broken by a. men, fuller than -lite tallest of ih'cm by nearly half a head, a man with tho red cap of Liberty on his dark, short cut hair, ah!' his stulwarl figure, clad in tho carmagnole jacket of '93, a costume that had a strange and almost siiuster air umli' t the satin uud velvet, the gold and spangles, tho plumes anil flowers of that glittering croy.'d. ' If Sladamc will hfj-w mo — — " murmured tho. tuask, offering his arm. . Lady Gonstanco.-; accepted it instantly, and passed into tho ,moonlit garden- ou the., re publican's arm, .'.leaving her circle pf admirers picmU'n h, , », .. 1 . ; -. , ". 'Wbat a.hideous. figure," said one. . - ' i - : The ghost of revolution and bloodshed," said, another. The pnlico. ought not to allow such.a costume. It is much too suggestive for the temper of tho age." ' I thould not bo surprised if tho gentleman himself .came from the Buc do Jerusalem. The . policy of the Empire has . uot been to make us forget '93, hut to remind us what a horrible era it was, and how lucky we mo to escape a repetition of. its terrors." -. The carmagnole, the red cap, the dark hair, tho firm chin-. under. the velvet mask, tho tall figoro aad stately shoulders, the low resonant voice—not for a moment had. Constance Dane- tree doubted the individuality of this ghost of the iital year of '93. \- Her heart beat List and loud as she walked by ' tho unknown's side, across the moonlit grass — il.; ' ly, lingcringly, prolonging to tho uttermost "that ' brief journey towards the great marquee yonder, tha canvas doors of which were drawn vide apart, revealing the dazzling interior — circular tables, diminishing in diomotcr to- wardf' the centre, circles within circles, on the plan ot the Exposition, nnd all the tables fi, tiling with silver and many colored glass, Q"-a ters. . china, and all those artistic com- 'vciitions in the way of pastry and confectionery -which 'elevate cookery to a fine art. The ban- qfitt had an. ajr of Fairyland under the clcptric light. The guests in their rainbow colors and tiifsbrand gcqis were crowding rAUnd tho tables, filling inrihe uircles . J "do'hat biclicro there will be room for us in there," said Lady Constance. Do you think not?". raid the. Carmagnole 'eagerly. ''Would yon rathcx , Fit -here in the moonlight, and let mo bring, you some supper, wonld it l>e too cold ?" ... ..Cold! tho atmosphere is positive enjoy ment after thet tropical ballroom. If you do net 'mind tho trouble I had much rather sit .here."; - "'.'.There wcre.group's of rustic chairs and little Jifiinbse. -tables scattered about in the cool vertjint-garden, 'and 'already some of theso .-had pern pounced upon by those couples who oculd. always -rather sup in a quiet earner ' (f'e-i-ictc, were it never so cramped or incon- veaient./ T'lChrijigfldle'ralected thepleasantest spot, a- rustic bench sheltered' from the sight wind by '' i hTOup of iriatrnAliak, masses of dark, shining- v'erdufe. -with w'hife gobletrshapwl blossoms. ' . ...Herb' Lady Constance seated herself, while tit-.' Carmagnole went- in quest of supper. He .. hd.fipt far to go. tho attendance was perfect, and ho had a waiter at his' command in a few onanging the little rustic table, bringing dclicatcst dishes, and iced cham- paribo' Ui a great glass pitcher. ' ' Iv'MH tho'marqucc. came aBabel of-voices. . , Masks had been just jhls moment removed. La .Hclfe 'Hclcncfin ' the person of the -Baroness Chivarbrlie, w'as'jn the centra) circle.' welcoming lie? gliests: . Sonic of the greatest people in Paris were among that' motley crowd. K. t the ' Emperor,' whose declining health was a reason for his absence from any private' festival ; nor '. rial' Empress, who had never taken kindly to Madame Clavaroche. But short of the very highest, 'tbero' was no splendor of name or title wanting to the Baroness's ball. r:A' brilliant scene," said Constance, with l!e.» faqe turned towards the marquee. ' She ha n-.-t yet removed her mask, nor had ' the 'carmagnole. "And to-morrow there will be nothing left of it but a memory," be enswured gravely. Happy those for wham tho memory will be linked with a.facetiey lave, net a mere garish risen of sassga laees and tinngr finary." ."" Will it he a sweet or a bitter memory far . . tv.-.vo-- tai,n ?" asked Cajistaaee, s«u!ing 4»:-hi» hee bvde.of bv. -sutb. yj " jfou know rinej'fKkn?" hdisaidv alf sur prised.. __ ' ; - 'Do you suppose that piroe of black welvet. across yonr face can hide your individuality ? You would be a very corntnonploco person if you could disguise yourself so easily. " You know mo from the firs) moment then!" he raid, laying aside b's mask, and looking at her wl'h eves dark with deepest tc-'1 as they sat opposite each other at the litllo supper tabic, lialf in moonlight, half in shadow. If Madame Clavaroche's guests in general ha/1 been as indifferent to tho pleasures of the . I able us theso two, the banquet ' might as well have been a stage, feast of painted fruit, and empty goblets. Lady Constance bad catcu half .a peach, and her companion bad emptied his champagne glass, end that was" all. The atiejjtive waiter, seeing them preoccupied, whisked off the dainty little dishes to a tafjic on the other side of the garden, whero a colum bine and Mexican post hoy- were claiuurons for food. ; " " YciT kncw you fron; tliq first." ' t ' ' And you honored me with yont arni in preference to those gentlemen rouhji.'.'you— some of tho' most disliiij/nished- names '. in France." . ' . ' " I sec those great people every day; and you are a stranger. There is alwuys aplciisuro in novelty." Sho spoke in her easiest manner. Gracious, calm, beautiful beyond all other women in that ernwded scene where beautiful .wpm'eu w-crc many. ' But her heart was heating passion ately. But she felt that this man/Who had so long and sv persistently avoided her would not have thrown himself in her way .to-night with out a motive. The motive would reveal itself presently perhaps. In the meantime her duty as a woman was to be as calm as marble ; to ask no questions ; to reveal no warmer interest than that faint curiosity which society ' calls sympathy. " It is very good of yon to'rememher that it is long since we met," said Ishmacl ; and then, in a lower voice,, "to mo tho. time has hceii intolerably long, and I thought it was to be only the beginning of a hopeless for ever." . ' Indeed 1" exclaimed . Lady Constance lightly ; '/ yet . as. your isolation from society was a voluntary retirement, I do not see tlial you have nay right to cqfiiplaiu. I was in-; formed that you were one of.' tho few who refused the baroness's invitation for to night?" " That is quite true." ' . " And yet you are' Here? " _ " And yet.I am here. Within an hour or two of my coming I had no idea of heiug hci'e. Lady Constance, can . you imagine that the whole conditions of a man's life may be changed in a few hours ? That a man who has been a slave, .fettered and lied by an obligation of the past, may suddenly find himself free — the chain snapped asunder — his own master. . Such a change , has happened in my life. I am my own master; free to gn where I like ; to sec whom I like ; frco to love and to ' woo a nohle and perfect woman, and to win her if 1 can." Ho was learning across the natron tabic, his clasped hands resting upon it, his eyes looking into her eyes. Never had the dark finely featured face looked handsomer than under the scarlet cap' of Liberty, flushed villi gladness, the eyes shining in tho moonlight, the lips tremulous with deepest feeling. Constance Daucfree's eyelids drooped under the: intense gaze. She tried to make light of the situation, and to stave off the denoue ment. You have changed your mind then since last June, when you told Madoinoisello .Tarze that you intended never to marry?" " Yes ; for in those days T fancied myself hound by an old tie. And now I know that that tie has long been broken, and I am frco — have been free for years past, but did not know of my liberty." ' " Vou arc talking enigmas," said Constance, " Shall X speak more plainly?" he asked, draw ing still nearer to her, lowering his voice, lest tho very leaves of the magnolia, whispering gently to' themselves all tho while, should have cars to hear him, "in plainest, simplest, truest words, as befiis a plain man ? I loved you ' from . the first, Consiauco— -from tho first sweet hour when wo met amidst the frivolous surroundings of a Fnrisian salon. From that hour X was your' slave — your worshipper. I bad found my ideal, the realisa tion of un old, 'old dreatu ; the 'one woman in this world whom I could reverenco and adore. I had found her, and my heart weut to her' as the tide goes to tbo shore, impelled by a foro.o it knows not, save to know that it is irresistible. I had found her— yes, but too lato! I was bound, or believed myself bound, bv that old tie. And yet I went on meeting von — wont on worshipping you — although theso lips were scrupulously dumb ; went on trending nearer and nearer tho verge of an abyss of dishonor. . I might havo disregarded that, old bondage of which iho world knew so/ little ; miglt have ignored the past. . Yes, this is how- Satan would have argued had X lent, my car. The day came when X felt that I must go no further ; that from this fool's pnradiso I must escape at any cost to myself. And then, half hoping you wonld guess that X was in somo wise the slave ol circumstances, - X told yon that I meant never to marry ; and in that honr I left your house, meaning ' never to trust myself in yonr presence agcin. I bavn-lived the life of a hermit sinco that hour ; and now I am a free man, Lady Constance — freo to win a noble wife, if I can." lie took hr unresisting hand, and raised it to her lips. He had drawn his. chair nearer to hers in the shadow of tho magnolias, and the table was no longer between them. - ' Constance, will you givo' inc. no word of hope?" .'/Is the tie- of which yon. speak really broken ?" she asked gravely. - " Haye.yon-the right to ask for lay love ?" . . ,- i '.- " Tho tie-is broken— -by death."; "-And theroris nothing in yout past life no dishonor,, no taiul— wh;ch can lessen your, worth in the eyes of such a, woman as I?" " Thcro is no taint— mo dishonor. Com mercially, all Paris, can tell yon what I am. Socially, I will answer for myself. ' I have done no wrong." " And you really love me? " " As women are rarely loved." . " I am very glad," she murmured softly, as he bent to listen to bis fate. "I am glad you love me, Ishmael, for my heart went out to you with just the same irresistible impulso that night we first met. I knew then that it was fate. Thank God it is a happy fate anil that yori givo me love fcr love." 