Terrible Accident at Caulfield. The following is the telegraphic account of the recnt terrible catastrophe at the Caulfield Cup race : — In the history of Australian racing there is no such unfortunate accident recorded as that which occurred in the Caulneld Gup on tsaiuraay. j.ne field of horses was, with a single exception, the largest that ever started for a race in the colonies, and that was when The Ghost won the Ladies Trophy at Caulfield in 1883, when a field of 42 horses ran. All went well in the race till the horses were approaching the turn, where Too Too had struggled to the front and was 1 eading by a bare neck, with Claptrap hugging the rails on her left, and S&rdius; galloping immediately on her right. The turn, which is considered the most dangerous part of the course, was yet some distance ahead, and the horses, who were well strung out in what is really the broadest stretch of the whole brack, were crowd ing on the rails in order to get the inside running for the rush up the straight to the winning-post. How Too Too came down is not known, even the riders of the leading horses holding different opinions as to what horses were really first down, or how they fell. The mare gallops awkwardly, and as she would be tiring at tha time, the most probable theory— that favoured by many pereons who were standing hear the spot at the time — is that her front legs croEiBed with eivher those of Sardius or Claptrap, probably the former. From the stand the white jacket and blue cap — the colours worn by the rider of Too Too — seemed to sink suddenly into the ground. 1 hero was a clash of struggling horses ; silk-clad jockeys were hurled here and there in wild confusion, riderless and bridleless horacs were dash ing away, while others limped off injured, and four of the jockeys, with two horses, lay quite still upon the turf aB if they had been killed outright. The crowd extended niearly down to the point where the accident occurred, and almost before tbe last horse bad cleared the inanimate group, : the jockeys were picked up. It was at once apparent- that Donald Nicholson, one of the most popular of light-weight riders, had been killed instantly. He was riding Lord Exeter, and, strange to say, the horse was never knocked off his legs, but the shock hurled the rider with fearful violence against the white fence. His ekull would seem to hare been crushed in, and blood was also streaming from a gash across his mouth. Cracknell's chest was crushed in from a blow. He lay quite helpless, though conscious, being able to describe his injuries and take a'glaos of . water from those who helped him. Wyinan, the rider of Sardius, seemed to have been struck on the face, aud he seemed to be worse than he really was. M'Grade, who had been on Tom Brown, looked very ghastly. His nose was broken in. one arm ham; looselv. and what with the dust and blood on bis white face, those around thought . that he also had been killed outright. M'Grath, the rider of Prince Imperial, was also lying senseless, -having received a blow on the head when hie horse rolled over. Tho tiny rider Twomoy lay stretched (alongside his dead horse Urarah, who had been in stantly killed. At firBt it seemed that both the horse and jockey were in the same condition, and the com- mieeration for the tiny boy lying on the end of the stretcher was greater on account of his small size. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was one of the first down, and a3 the first horses seemed to roll on top of bim, his escape from instant death was a miracle. He. too was picked up unconscious, Suffering from concussion of the brain. Some of the riders were able to walk, and others were assisted to the casualty room, while stretchers had to be fur nished for five. At the . casualty room the injured riders were attended by Drs. Fitzgerald, Williams, O'Hara, and others. His Excellency, who had arrived not long before the race, went down to make inquiries as to their condition, and, on learniog the nature of the accident, he at once left the course. Mr. Speight, the chairman of the Bail way Commis- : sioners, volunteered to run a special train into Mel bourne, so that those who were worst injured might be at once sent to the Melbourne Hospital. They were, placed two and two upon atretehers and carried through a lane of people to the railway station, 'mounted troopers beiDg required to keep the path clear. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was taken to the Alfred Hospital, aud tbe dead body of Donald Nicholson was taken to his home at Eichmond. Nicholson, who was regarded as tbe best light-weight rider in Australia, was 27 years of age, and his parents live at Ballarat. As a jockey, he had tbe reputation of riding most determined finishes. His chief successes were the Sydney Cup, on Normanby ; the great Metropolitan StakeB, on Masquerade ; the Autumn Handicap, on Empress; the A. J. C.Plate, on the Drummer; the Mares' Produce Stakes, on First Demon - the Sydney Handicap, on Waxy; and four Eusom Handicaps on Masquerade, Waxy, Master Avenel, and Espiegle respectively, besides riding many winners of lesser events. The horses that came down were Sardius, Tom Brown, the Israelite, Despot, Prince Imperial, Im pulse, Country Boy, Claptrap, Kingship, Tarpeia, Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, Too . Too, and Urarah. Claptrap, one of the leaders, made a gal lant effort to escape by jumping over Too Too as she fell, .but Sardius as he too went down, brought him to grief. Trahan got off wonderfully well, and was able to ride tbe winner afterwards in the Wind sor Handicap, Hutcbins being the only other one o-' those who came down who was able to take a mount afterwards. T. Brown, the rider of Too Too, although in the Jvery thickest of tbe melee, escaped almost without injury, but the mare, who was gal loped over by a lot of horses, lay for some time on the ground apparently dead ; but she afterwards rose and got away with some difficulty. The first thiee horses down were Too Too, Clap trap, and Sardius. Prince Imperial was eo close at their heels that he? Beemed to fall with them : then Tom Brown, Despot, Impulse, Country Boy, King ship, and Tarpeia fell almost in a bunch, while Marie Louise, who was gallopirg with this group, was just far enough out to avoid the horses that came down in front of her. Amongst tho last to fall were Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, and Urarah, the latter -being ipstautly killed. The fearful nature of the accident:was shown in the condition of the horses as they rose.. Prince Imperial and Sardius had their bridles torn away, while the saddle on the last-named was turned completely round. Tom Brown's saddle was also broken and hanging m fragments. Some other horses came into collision, but they were able to Keep their legs. Plausible rushed violently into Tom Brown while the Sydney horse wa3 struggling to rise. The shock was so grsat that Plausible was turned completely round, aud Power, think ing that his horse was injured, dismounted. Lord Wilton was also in violent collision, and Moore, after being knocked forward out of his saddle by the shock, clung to his horse's neck, and came out all right. Amongst the horses most injured were the three who came down first, two of whose riders, as already stated, came off almost scatheless. 8ardius is (perhaps the worst of them, and it is very unlikely that he will be out again this spring. Claptrap, who was very lame, was got to the stables with difficulty, .and placed under treatment. It was at first thought that Too Too would haTe to be destroyed, but ehe . improved afterwards, and can te got round. Sirorco was also cut about a good deal, but the others seemed very little the worse for the mishap. On the arrival of the special train which brought the sufferers to Melbourne, stretchers were procured, and Cracknell and M'Grath were carried on to the Melbourne Hospital, Dr. Williams, who had come from the course with them, attending to them on the way. M'Grade and the lad Twomey followed on another stretcher. The tidings of the accident had preceded them, and every preparation was made for their reception into the casualty-room. Drs. Fitz gerald, Purdey, and Mollison were in waiting, assisted by Dr. Williams. Cracknell, who is 39 years of . age, and resides at Newmarket, appears to have fallen on his left side. His ribs have become disjointed from the breast bone, and have been driven completely under it. He is also injured in ternally, but it is not known to what extent. His right thigh is considerably bruised and cut, and the shock which he sustained was so severe that it dis placed his heart. .M'Grath, who also lives at New market, is suffering from a fracture of the base of the skull. Edward M'Grade, aged 25 years, is a -resident of Band wick, Sydney, His right shoulder- blade is fractured, and his nose is broken. Twoiney is the least hurt of those in tho Melbourne Hospital, having had his ribs fractured. He has been treated at this institution previously for injuries received in a race. Morrison, the rider of Sirocco, had his arm broken, but his case was not considered serious enough to warrant his removal to the hospital, and %e was taken koine. Cracknell and M'Grath were unconscious, when they were admitted to the hospital j hut they soon regained their senses. Tne doctors were with the patients continually until Sunday morning. They expected that Cracknell and M'Grath would not live the night out, but as time wore on their con dition improved. Having their constitutions weakened by the effects of training, the medical men considered that the jockeys had less chance of re covering than would a man who enjoyed fair health. Many of their friends, including the Hon. W. Pear son and Mr. Mayo, visited the sufferers to-day. Dr. Fitzgerald has taken charge of the cases of the four men in the Melbourne Hospital. J ust before the crash came, Nicholson oalled the attention of the jockeys beside him to the fact that Lord Exeter was pulling him out of the saddle. He had just remarked, "Haven't I got a soft thing to-day," when he went down and was killed. Robert Wyman, tho rider of Sardius, who sustained concussion of the brain, had so far improved at the Alfred Hospital on Sunday evening as to be able to converse with the doctors. 