MRS. CARNEGIE'S HUSBAND/ Br A- C., AUTUOB OF " THE THREE MISS KLNGS," kc. CHAPTER XXVIL THE DRKAKING POINT. Robert came almost immediately, as if in response to her wish. While she stood on the terrace, breathing the freshness of the night air, she heard the sound of his step on i the gravel, and waited for him to appear and recognise her-which he did as soon as he was near enough to see her at all. " Is that you, Mary ?' was an unnecessary question. " Yes, Robert," she said, answering it in a voice of gentle welcome. " I thought you were not coming." " I am very sorry to be late, dear. But I found a New Zealand mail just starting, and, when I had done your other business, 1 wrote the letters necessary to prepare them over there for Kiliston, in case we can gel him to go. It was better not to lose time about that, 1 thought Then 1 had to move myself out of the Oriental." " Yes? And where have you moved to?" He mentioned a house of public entertain ment not far from her lodge gates; a mean j and di'apidated little inn. that looked as if it had never had a guest. And she was dread fully shocked. '"Oh, Robert-nonsense ! You can't be serious. Yvu to sleep in that miserable shanty ! You must not think of such a thing. I can't allow it, iudeed." "Well, if you will let me sleep on your doormat, I should like it better, certainly." She said nothing, and he added quickly, " Never mind about me. I can manage any where. How are you getting on yourself? How do you like the nurse ? How is Hester to-night ?" She gave him a history of the day, con cluding with a description of Hester's break down and the apparent apathy that had succeeded it " She is lying there now," she said, " without taking any notice of anybody. I wish you would come in-for just a minute or two-and rouse her, Robert" He stood for a little while, leaning his broad back against one of the pillars of the colonnade that surrounded the house, think ing over the proposal. Then he said, gravely, " No, Mary, I had better not see her. Not until she and her husband both know how matters really stand between you and "LJ_t r> me. " Very well," said Mary, quickly. " To-morrow, perhaps?" " Pernaps," she murmured. " We will see." They lingered on the terrace, and Robert asked if there was anything more that he could do for her. She said no; he had thought of everything, and all the arrange ments for the night were made. " Then I had better go," he said, " as it is getting late, and you ou^ht to be going to rest You will remember your promise, Mary?" " Yes, Robert The nurse's bed is put in her room." " Which is your window?" he asked. She pointed them out-for there were two; they were open, but indicated by the glow of firelight within. To see them they had to walk down from the terrace to the drive. " Well, look here," said Robert; "if any thing happens-if you want any help, even a little help-just open one of those windows and cooey. You need not call very loud; I shall hear yon." "Not at the inn, you won't." " Oh, yes; I shall hear and come to you. You won't forget" " Robert, I can't bear you to do all this for me-when I do nothing for you," she could not help saying, out of the fulness of her compunctious heart " Perhaps you will do something for me some day," he replied. " Good-night, my dearest Go in out of the cold. And don't forget to cooey if you get frightened or want anything." With which he went away, a^ain without so much as touching her hand, in spite of the opportunity she nad given him, and his by this time raging passion ot desire to overleap the slight barrier that now held her from him. " I shall have her soon-my wife, yon will be my own wile soon!" he said to himself as he went ont upon the road, and there walked np and down and tonnd and ronnd the boundaries of her domain-always keeping his eyes upon the stately white noose that shelterei her stately head. " But I must not lose control of myself, if I can help it-I must try to hold myself in hand-until the right time comes." And when Mary went reluctantly indoors, with tears of disappointment in her eyes (be cause he had not kissed her, though she never would have owned, even to herself, that tears could be producedby such a cause), she also recognised that a crisis was ap proaching. ?' ThiB-can't go on for ever," she said, as she, closed- the lobby door behind her, wishing she had her husband inside the honse instead of out, as other women had their husbands. "He has had no sleep lor ever so long. l am sure he gets no proper meals. He is putting on at that wretched inn; that I wouldn't'send my servants to, all for me-while X look .on as if he were no more than a dog going 'to his kennel And all night hb will 6e prowling about the house, watching to see that I am all right, and get ting his death of cold J Things can't go on iu that way. 1 shall have to let him-do what he wants. By and by, when Hester is better-not just yet But by and by I must think of it It will be a dreadful business, but it. bad to come to that sooner or later, I suppose." She said it would be a dreadful business, but her face was soft and smiling as she spoke. It did not frighten her much. She remembered, perhaps, that he had under taken to prevent her being " torn to pieces," and the scruples of her own heart and con science had nearly all been laid to rest by this time. When she went in she found Hester Alone. She had risen from the sofa at last* and was standing before the fire, leaning her arm upon the edge of the mantel- shelf anaher head npon her arm. There was the same dreary air of ] collapse and. hopelessness about her, but the , peculiar symptoms that had frightened every -body so much did not appear. She seemed Hot to mind being alone* and not to think of. ghosts. She was so like her old gentle, quiet self that' Mai-jr' wondered whether ''it' were i I pUMfsWag ? "ukaintegieVHu* possible that she had passed the crisis of her attack and recovered ner mental balance as suddenly as she had lost it. " Perhaps, she thought "the long rest on the sofa has calmed ner nerves and steadied her braiiL Very likely ; it is the first thorough rest that she has had." Approaching with a little noise, anxious not to startle her, Mrs. Carnegie took up tne poker and stirred the fire. Hester looked at her and said, calmly, " Who was that talk ing to you just now ?" , ,r " It was Mr. Carnegie, said Mary. ti J-he Mr. Stanhope that you used to know. It was a rash shot, and she glanced up wnen she had sped it, thinking how unwise she was to mention that name just now ; but it she had said " It was Frederick,' Hester could not have passed the words by with a more utter unconcern. Iler face did not change. She sighed slightly, and 6aid, I thought it might have been Charlie, per haps. ' .... i Did you want to see Charlie? inquired Mrs. Carnegie, anxiously. "He came not long ago, but you seemed to be asleep and quiet, and I thought it better not to let him come in and disturb you. He will be here again tomorrow." "Ah - to-morrow !" Hester reached up her arms and was silent lor awhile. Then she said, " Poor Charlie ! poor boy !" " 1 told him you were better, my darling, and he was very pleased to hear it So you are, I am sure-ever BO much better: But now I think you ought to come to bed and rest, and then to-morrow you will be better still. Rest is all you want-I can see that" " Did he ask after the children?" inquired Hester presently, without moving. "Oh, yea, of course he did. I told him how happy and jolly they were." Did he ask whether they slept with me last night ?" " Ye-es," replied Mary, reluctantly. " Did he insist very strongly on having them kept away from me ?" " Well, you see, dear, he knows you ought to have your nights undisturbed " " Oh, I don't mind-I am glad I I am thankful that he is so careful of them," she interrupted eagerly. " It is the only comfort I have left lie is a good father-he was always fond of them. I think he will be kind to theiu, when-when " " Ah, now. Heater," broke in Mary re proachfully, " why tit11 yoa keep trying to look on the dark side, and make yourself and everybody else miserable ? Don't I tell you that you are better ? And you might soon be all right if you would only try to be cheerful You won't if you keep brooding on all sorts of horrid ideas, like this." " Yes, I am sure he wi!l be good to them," proceeded Hester, taking no notice of her friend's protest; " he will do his best for them-as far as a man can. But a man can't do much, after all, especially when they are so little. He is 6ure to marry again-sure and certain ; and, Mary, I think I would rather trust them to a step-mother than to hired servants. They talk about cruel step mothers, but no woman could be cruel to little children, just because they were not her own. I don't believe it is possible-do you?" " No," said Mary, who left off trying to tarn her from this dismal theme, seeing that she was bent on pursuing it ; 'no woman that you would call a woman. Especially to such sweet little things as they are." " Ah, bless them!" the mother cried, in a voice that shook the listener's heart Are they not sweet?" And she turned away and hid her face, while Mary sat down and wiped her eyes furtively. ; " I was so aiofuUy happy when they came," Hester went on presently; " they seemed.to ! make up for everything, Oh, Mary, if ever i you have children you will know what I mean -you can't understand it yet I little thought then that I should come to wishing they had never been born, and to wanting to take away the life I had given to them! For I did want it, Mary-Charlie was quite right to be afraid. I won't do it, because I see they mu3t have their chance-they have their right to life, and it may be a good gift to them, though it hasn't been to me; but if I could go upstairs now and find them dead in their beds-from no fault of mine or any body's-and know that they were safe from all hardships and injustices to come-that they would never be knocked about and ill used as so many are in this cruel world-then I should not mind! Then I should not mind anything f" She said these dreadful things in an in tensely earnest but deadly quiet tone, that frightened Mrs. Carnegie more than she liked to confess to herself. She had thought that Hester was returning to her normal sanity of mind and manner, but now she began to sus pect that her apparent self-possession only indicated a new and progressive phase of her disorder. For a little while she sat and thought how she should deal with the occasion. She had intended to take ad van tage of it to tell the Btory of her relationship to Robert, when she Baw how calmly Hester received the mention of his name; but even Robert was of no importance now. and would not suffice to distract the mother s thoughts from the contemplation of her children's fate. "Hester," she said boldly, rising and taking her friend's hand, "Ikixpw what you are thinking of, and 1 tell you, you may make your mind quite easy. If anything should happen to you-nothing will, if yor are careful and help as to do what is best for yon-but if anything should, I promise, solemnly arid faithfully, that I will be a friend to your children as long as I live. I will look after them, my darling, or see that they are looked after. They shall not be kriockedabout-they shall come to po harm if I can help it And I think I can. Let that satisfy you, nay poor girl-m&k;? your mind easy. You know you can trust me." Hester knew she could trust her friend and to a certain extent she was satisfied '. but there was no making that poor mind easy any more in this world. She walked round the room two or three times, not knowing what she did, but battling with a chokirig grip that she felt upon her heart and throat. " Baby is cutting another tooth," she said, looking in the sympathetic face that was watching her with such keen anxiety. And then suddenly she spread out her arms, and fell on her knees, and clutched Marys skirts in both hands, and lost all control of herself. < Mary tried to lift her up, but found her "going off " so decidedly that she desisted and rang the bell. Mrs Fraser came running in, and after her the nurse, and behind them Elise and Frederick . and they all h^ owlar demonstration of the fact that Mrs. ElliBton was mad at last, if she had not been so before. 