Dead Man's Face. O._ A ,I GHOST STORY. S* BT3 Ta A~uTrnos Or "CALLED BACK." Imaginative beings who invent marvellous tales may take what license they please, but a , simple narrator is nothing if not accurate; so, before beginning this, I looked op, old corres Ipondence and various memoranda made at the time when the following things occurred. "The first paper upon which I put my hand Swas a letter. I may as well open with a copy of it: "Dear old Boy,-Ihave met her at last my fate-the one woman in the world for me. Nothing is settled as yet; but I should not w 'rite this unless hope were a certainty. You must wish me joy, although she is a widow and an American-two qualifications which I know you will find fault with. No matter; when ' ron see her you will recant and be envious. \- ours ever, "Claud Morton." The writer was my brother-I was going to say ley only brothert but I had another once, although the less said about hintm the better. Nearly every family has its black sheep. i Ours had been a p.culiarly sable one. When he died, some years ago, I lpa?ed the sponge "I over his long list of delinquencies, and tried to think of him as kindly as possible. He died a disgra.ed man, far away from home. So I call this black sheep, Stephen, my brother, not Cloud's, the fact being that Cloud can Sscareely be said to lhve known him. I stood in age midway between the two. Cloud was :.sixteen years younger than Stephen. so that Swhen the latter wa- shipped off as irreclaim ' : able, the former was a httle golden-haired fel low of seven. The above letter made me feel both glad and sorry. I was glad that the boy-he was still the boy to me, althoough his age was seven and.-twenty-was going to be married; but I ' was sorry that Iris choice had not fallen on one ,-of his own countrywomen, and one who could haivd given him her first love. Still, all this " as his own peculiar business. No doubt he h"iad made a suitable choice, and the only \- 'thing left for me to do was to write him a S" !cheerful letter of congratulation, and hope that his love affairs would soon be happily settled. A week went by; then came a long letter from him. Hle h:a proposed in orthodox form, and had been duly accepted. His letter lies before me at this moment, and I feel sad as I read again the two pages covered with the lover's usual raptures. I am not a nercenary man, but I own I feel somewhat disappointod on learning that she was poor."' Smnehow one associates wealth with an American widow who is sojourning in : England. But, so far as I could gather from SClud's lettter, Mrs. l)espard, or Judith, as Ihe : called her, was nit well off. He slpoke of her as being all alone in London, which fact, he added, would necessarily hasten his marriage. .It would take place, he holed, in a week or S.tbo. "In'conclusion he plreswd me to run up to town in order to make the acqluaintance of Smy future snister-in-law. 'I was very busy at the time-I may say, in passing, that my business is to cure psisple'o Sailmnts, not to tell stories-nevertheless I managed to pay a flying visit to towns, and was , duly lirsentOed to Claud's betrothed. ;eso; she ,was handsome-strikingly hand Some.. Her whole apluarance was much out of the caimon. She was tall, ulperbly built on a large scale, perhaps, yet graceful as a 'suathler inlevery moveuent. Her face gave Sevideniidcf munh character, power, and deter mination, arid of' pa -ion also,, I dlecided. Her -(rich .dirk 'beauty was at that time in full bloiom; siind although I saw at 'a glance that she was some years older than my brother, I was 'not atall meliited to blame Claud for his rap turouse expressions.. So far as personal clansn .. went;I c?uld finrl no' fault with Judith Ies :' pan. t oFr the ret? it -tas easy hto o tlhat sie as e passionately in love uwith Claud, anmid for the sake'of'this I gladly overlooked all nmy .fa?ieiful nbjectiono' to his choice, and congratt "lpsted him heartily on lhaving won so beautiful a creature. Y 'Yet, strange to say, in the midst of his now ou ouud laplpness my Ibrother seemld anything but his usual cheerful self. IHe, the merriest and most talkative of men, seemed taciturn, 'moody,'and preoecpied. The curious thing was that his changed manner struck me parti cuhirly whilst we were in Mrs. UDespard's com. pany. ' He spoke and behaved in the most of fectronate and lover-like way, but there was in his general bearing something which puzzled me altogether. It seemed to, me that lihe -might perhas bho nervcro i. tIo what imlprhesi?i his fair friend might make ulors his elder brother, whorn he s, reverenced and resolcted. : 'Thlithesry of mine was strengthened by 'the fact that when, at night, we found our' selves :done and I was able to freely express my admiration of Mrs. Deolpard's good looks, \- he brightened up considerably, and we sat un til a very late hour, and talking over the past, the present, and the future. S' " "When do you mean to be married!" I "' In fortnight or three weeks. 'There is nothing to watt for.. Judith'is living alone in oidgings :" She has no friends to consult; so we shall Just.waolk, to church some morning and'g-t:it uvei:c ' " " -' "Well, let me walk withyoUa. I souldlike toliethea tsto L : " _o : "'Alfriglit, old. fellow, - But you'll be the only one- unless' ?May likes to honor ns." Iaryj was my wifd ; butas bher', time was just then fullyeeceupiedby a very young baby, .I did not think it at alllikely'she Would be able to make the long journey to town. " ".s'uahall select the earliest day I can,"added Claud., '".The,fact is," I have been feeling rather queer lately.- I want a change." Thereupon, I questioned him as to what aloed himi. So far aslcrduld ascertain, all that wi;n-the matter was his having worked too hard, iand being a little below plr. I pre scribed a tonic, and quite agreed uwith him as to the'benefit which he would derive from change of air." ': ':\Vhen I reached home my wife scolded me for, my stupidity. It seums that it was my dirty to have found out all about Men. Des pard's antecedeuts, relations, connections, cir cutnstances, habits, anddisposition, whereas all Lcould say was thatshe was a beautiful widow with i small income, and that slhe and Claud were devoted to one another. ' Yes," said Mrs. Morton, scornfully, "like all other man, the moment you see a pretty face you inquire no further. I quite tremble for Claud." When I reflected how little I really knew about Mrs. I)lnrd, I felt abashed and guilty. Hlowevir, Cloud was a full-grown man, and no fraternal counsel was likely to turn him aside frm his desire. In the cptrse of a few days he wrote me that hbiwastbeo marriod on the 5th of the next month>" iii ade arrangemento whierh would ernable me to go to Irthe weddilng; bIit thlree days' before the date named I heard again from him.1 Thie w'lredding was Ipotlred for a fortnight;" He gave no rcesoe fir trhe delay; but he said he was anxious to see me, aid to morrorw he should run down to my homne. H'ufceime as primsuised. I -as agh:it when I.saw him. Hie lo rked worn, h ggarul, ni-tched. My first thought was; that biees natteris hkd gone wrong withll him. Ilis leks might'well te those of a man rin the brink if rum ,After thIe first greceting I at sinre hek him to ny study in order to be puIt out f rie pense. Just as I was aileut to lbegirn my anxious questionsr ha turned to ine. "Frank, old felirw," he said, imlrr,,ringly, and with a faint attempt at a smile, " dlr't laugh atlme." Laughn 'That was the last tliin; I woe likely to do. I irsssed hIis hand in silenceI " YoU won't Ieieve lue, I know," hIs con tinued. "Ican't believe it myself. 'rank, I anu haunted" "flaunted!" I wses outsid to smile, nit from-rny dislsaitioni troward merrinrcrt, but in ordner to show the plor boy thie absurdity of his ide?i' "Yes, haunted. The wrlrd sounsio rirlicu Ions, but I ca-e'u no other. Haunted." "W lhat hauat youl?' He eamne clus tsr oro rrnl gresl mry arm. His voice sank to a hoarse whielser. "A horrible, gi?rstly, greue.onme thing. It is killing me. 'It nomes iretween me aid my ilhappineo. I have fIughit and struggled a-raist tlhis phantom terror. I hace reasoned simly wilh myself. I have laughed my own folly to sorn. In vain--in vain. It gins, but it momesagain." "iOen r.sr," I said, "insomnia, too iarany cigars, late homur; and had you been a dr nk-i ': :, , ing man I should add, too much stimulant, too little food, anxiety, perhaps. Have you anyvthing on your mind-any special worry?" Of cours I have," he said, pettisly. "Did I not tell you it is killing me?' " What in killing you ?" lie rose and paced the room excitedly; then soddenly he stopped short, and once more "A face," he said, wildly-"a man's face ; a fearful white face that comes to me; a hor rible mask, with features drawn as in agon- ghatly, pale, hideous ! Death or approaching death, violent death, written in every line. Every feature distorted. Eyes starting from the head. Every cord in the throat standing out, strained as sby mortal struggle. Long dark hair lying flat and wet. Thin lips mov ing and working-lilp that are cursing, al though I can hear no sound. Why should this onie to me-why to me! Who is this dead man whose face we cks my life? Frank, my brother, if this is disease or madness, cure me; if not, let me die." Iis words, his gestures, sent a cold thrill through me. lie was worse, far worse, than I hlad feared. "Claud," I said, "you are talking nonsense. Cure youv ! of course I mean to cure you. Now sit down, collect yourself, and tell mne how this hallucination comes." "Comes! How does it conic! It gathers in corners of the room; it forms and takes shape ; it glares at me out of the wall; it looks up at me from the floor. Ever the same fearful white dying face threatening, curving, some times mocking. Vhy does it come! I had already told the poor fellow why it came, but it was no use reneating my words. "Tell me when you see it," I asked; "at night-in darkness?" lie hesitated, and seemed troubled. "No, never at night In broad daylight only. That to me is the crowning terror, the glastliness of it. At night I could call it a dream. Frank, believe me. I am no weak fool. For weeks I have lrne with this. At last it has conquered me. Send it away, or I shallgo mad." " I'll send it away, old boy, never fear. Tell me. can you see it now?" " o ; tlank (Gol, not now." "Hlave you seen it to-day!" "No; to-day I have been free from it." " Well, you'll be free from it to-nmrrow, and the next day, and the neat. It will be gone for ever before you leave me. Now come and see Mary and the babices. I haven't even asked you how Mrs. Despard is." A curious look crossed his face. " I think she grows more beautiful every day," he said. Then he seized my hand. Oh, Frank," he exclaimed, "rid me of this horror and I shall be the happiest man in the world.' "All right," I answered, perhaps with more confidence than I felt. Although I made light of it to my patient, his state greatly alarmed me. I hastened to put him under the strictest and most apmproved treatment I enforced the most rigid sumil tuary laws, made him live on pla fin ,od; and docked his consumption of tolacco nnmerci fully. In a few days I was delighted to find that my diagonosis of the case was cor rect. Claud wa rapidly recovering tone. In a week's time he seemied quite restored to health. The days went by. As yet Claud had said nothing about leaving iie ; yet, unlers the date was once more adjourned, lihe was to be married on the 19th. I did not counsel hinm to Ipot pfne the ihapy day. lie wa by now so well that I thought he coulfd not do better than ad here to his arrangement. A monrth's holiday, spent in the society of the wsoman he loved, would, I felt certain, conmllete his eure,'and banish for ever that grizly intruder begottem of disorganised nerves. From the monotonous regularity and rflu minous nature of their corroosindence it was evident, delay and selparation nsotwithstanding, that matters were giing on quite semootlly between Claud and Judith lDesmlrd. Every day he received and wrote a l?ngi letter. Neverthelees, it was not until the li;th of the month that I knew exactly what he meant to do about his marriage. " Frank," he said, " yoI have Ieen wonder fully kind to me.. I believe you have saved my life, or at least my r3ason. Will you do something more for me'?" "Even unto half my kingdnom," I an swered. "Look here: I am ashamed of the feeling, but I absolutely dread returning to toen. At any rate, I wish to stay there no longer than is needful Thursday morning I must, of course, be there, to be married. You think me cured, Frank ?" he added abruptly. "IHunestly, yes. If you take care of your self you will be troubled ni more." "Yet why do Idrread Loudon soi? Well, nevermlind. I will goul by the night maihen Wednesday-then I neeid ,oly be themre for a few hours. Will you do this for me-go up on Wednesday morusng, see Judith, and explain hew it is tiat 1 shall not see her until we meet in the church '?" -" Certainly, if you wish it. But you haind better write as welL" "Yes, I shall do that. There are several other little things you must see for me. `The license I have, but you must let the clergyman know. You had better go and seemy p rtnera. They may think it strange if I marry and go away withouta-word."' , e 'Thinking it better that hie should have his own way,: I promised .to do a he wished. Upon my arrival in town on Vednesday after noon I went straight td Mr.Deslpardl's. 1 was not sorry to have this opportunity of seeing her alone.'.. I wihed:to urgeuponlher the necessity ofbeneareful .that Claud did not again get into that highly wrought niervous state, from which my treatment had so happily extricated him ? ... She wair not look-ing si well as when last I saw her.. At times her- manner was restless, and she seemed striving to suppress agitation. She made no adverse comments on her lover's strange whim of reaching town to-morrow only in tinme for the ceremony. Her inquiries as to his health were moot solicitous, and when I told her that I no longer feared anything on his account, her heart-felt sigh of relief told ime how deeply she loved hime. Presently she looked me full in the face. Her eyes were half closed, but I could see an anxiou, eager look inthem "Hsawna face," shie sad.. Has it ldt hinm?"' "lie told you of his queer hallucination, then; " "'No; but once or twice when sitting with mn he sprang to his feet and muttered : 'Oh, that face! that ghastly, horrible face! I can bear it no longer!' Then he nrushed wildly frnom the oom. What face did he see, Dr. Morton ?" To set her mind at rest, I gave her a little scientific discourse, which explained to her how such mental lphenmuena were brought alsut. She listened attentively, and seemed eatidoied. Then I ?ade her adieu until to The marriage wa-s t, be ,f the quiet kinid. I founsd that Mrs. I)Deard had nade no ar rargriusen t fsr any friend to uoom i~an y hser; ns, settisig all niles if etiquettei at ilefiance, I suggesteid that, althlsuglh the bIridegrissu's bLrother, I sholil, call for her in thie imnornilg and onduot herts the churclL. Toi this osie r;eulily onsienteld. Soimehlwc th:at evening I did niot carry arway suehI a ple:dasing imluroein if my Inther'n bridsie ia I lii ICI fir2t I uIet her. I caii givce no reasin ilr this, exceist that 1 wc: nsit furgetfiul ,f osy wife's :sccusation. that when first I Inet Judith Despard l had leucn carried away by the glahourf herlreauty, and thought oif ntlthing else. As I waliked to Clansds nrins, which I scculied fur tile night, 1 al miot regretted tlat Ihe Ilsad hn so hIIasty---Cer tainly 1 wiishel tLt we knew me oe ,,f hIis bride. But it w:as now tsc late fur regrcts ir wishes. I called fsr Mur.. )espard at tie aplsnited hfur, and founsd iher quite ready to strt. l1er drs wa llain and siiiiiFmple-I caslinnt descrilo it; hlt I saw tihat ill desllite of her exceslive pallsr ehe lssked very beantiful. In the car ria:ge isi ur wayo the church ssie was very oileet, answering my rems:arks with mnonssylla bles. I left her ill I?are, sUlusing that at ouch a mtssment every womns s umst be n s re ssr less agit:ated. Whsen thie carriage drew uip at thie church doir, the bride laid her hand uilnn my ansm. I ould feel that she wa-s tremlling. "Cland ill bIc here !" shle asked. "Nothing will ntop hiii i" "NSthino . ]It I may ay well stc P out anud see that heis waiting." Yes., Claud was in the church waiting for us. ,'e exchanged greetings. The old sexton'sum I nloed thle curate; and Judith Despard, my brother, and myself walked up to the altar rails. Claud looked very well that morning; a little fagged, perhaps, but the long night jour ney would account for that. Ife certainly looked proud and happy as he stood on the altar step side by side with the woman who in a few minutes would be his wife. But before the curate had finished reading he opening address a great change came over him. From where I was standing I could only see his side face, but that w.s enough to show me that lie was suflering from some agitation -something far above the nervousness so often displayed by a bridegroom. A deadly pallor came over his face, nmall heads of perspiration sprang to his brow, and I noticed that those tell-tales of mental disturbances, the hands, were so tightly clinched that the knuckles grew white. It was evident that he was suffering anguish of some kind, and for a moment I thought of stopping the service. But the rite is but a short one, and from whatever cause Claud's agitation might proceed, it was per liaps better to trust to him to curb it for a few moments than to make asccene. Nevertheless I watched him intently and anxiously. Then came the charge to declareanyimpedi ment. As the curate made the conventuonal Iause, Claud, to my urprpise, glanced roundl in a startled way, as i'f fering that his marriagu would at the last onment be forbidden. The look on his face was now one of actual terror. (To be concluded in our nest.) 