HIS LORDSHIP THE BISHOP OF 1, MELBOURNE AT KILMORE. c. it On Friday evening last a tea meeting in connection with Christ Church, Kilmore, was c held in'., the local Oddfellows' Hall, and a I number of youngsters as well as adults par- c took of the really excellent things provided. I After the tea was done full justice to ai public meeting was held, presided over in an efficient manner by the respected incumbent of the parish, the Rev. A. Toomath, and several brief addresses were delivered, whilst the choir rendered several sacred pieces in a creditable manner. .Amongst those who addressed the audience were the following :-The Rev. M. Brazier, of Lanceficld, addressed the assemblage, al luding principally to the character of Charles Bradlaugh, - the atheist, who after being 1 elected to the House of Commons, demanded admittance on the principle of atheism ; the Commons denied him admittance. He ad-' mitted the energy, power, pluck and deter ruination of Charles Bradlaugh, but if that man studied his own character, its weakness and strength, it would have been better for him. He invited the young people to look at the picture of Bradlaugh in its unhappy godlessness. Bradlaugh said there was weak ness in the character of Christ; the weak ness was that Christ had too much patience, too much humility, too much charity; the opposites, without those, were Bradlaugh's strength-there he stumbled-his strength! was his weakness after all. An apology for the non-attendance of the Rev. Mr Steele, Presbyterian clergyman, was here read by the chairman, who called upon His 'Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne, who was most warmly received. His Lord ship said he would continue the subject re ferred to by Mr Brazier, " Know thyself." 'The man who knew himself was the rarest man in the world. He would put the ques tion, What do you mean by bettering your self ?' Was it getting more money, or was it the consciousness of having the power of thinking and willing? If a man bettered himself it would be the wisest way. As an I illustration he would mention a lady who regularly gave a yearly subscription of £1 to a missionary society; a relation died leaving said lady a legacy of £10,000. After this when applied to for a subscription the answer was she could not afford it as she now set up a carriage; her fortune was improved but herself was made worse-the mending of her fortune had spoiled her character. Whether should a man have more or be more lie referred to two men the one, Elwis, who lived to better his fortune, the other Socrates, who lived to better himself. It may be asked why he selected characters of such extreme a type, and gave as an illustration a parallelogram of forces-they should know the velocity in each of the forces. John Elwis was a man who lived to better his for tune; he had a large fortune left him hy his uncle, a baronet ; he would trust nobody but got good investments and good interest until he gained £500,000 and two large estates, whilst the man was all the time growing narrower in intellect and colder in heart. When he passed out of this world into the next, where they did not put balances oppo site people's names, although he did not desire to judge anybody, his position would t-1J-a t ffhelowest of the city Arabs the heart of --he would not say, but related a story rather pointed' where an authoress likened a certain person to a hog, a man replying it was rather hard upon the hog. 1 John Elwis had a heart worse than any ani mal, and he related one or two incidlents to show that such was the case. Then take the other, Socrates, the Athenian, who did not care the least'about fortune; his whole ob ject was to make his life better in character and his neighbor's also. The Socratic method of catechising was the best way, and as an example of this His Lordship related rather an amusing story about convincing a lost sheep who came to him on the Socratic prin ciple of-you stop me whenever you like, I stop you whenever I like. The first stoppage was immediately after the discussion was opened, the word "phenomenon" leading to an argument which eventually led to more hopeful conversation. His Lordship referred to the mode of discussion now chiefly adopted of parties not coming within a hundlred miles of one another, and compared the Socratic method of catechising as like skilful i midwifery and made them conscious of what they were seeking. His Lordship continued by again contrasting the characters which he depicted, and remarked that Socrates could test the right of second place in all the ranks of humanity, a nobler man, a purer-hearted man never adorned our nature, and wound up a very pleasing address on the use and abuse of money-it was good when used as an instrument for righnt things, and if badly used it was a curse not a blessing, and thisl was well illustrated by a case told him by Archdeacon Crawford, of Castlemaine, where three men sold a nugget worth £5000, and all of whom died within the year by not using their money properly. He asked did you ever know a man with a clear head and too righteous a will ? What what .was good in i itself should be the great aim of humanity. To better thyself was better than all else. "Seek ye first the Kingdom of God and His Righteousness, and all those meaner things, so far as they are necessary, shall be added to you," for " What shall it profit a man if he gains the whole world and lose his immoi' tal soul." ' The chairman then called upon the Rev. James Graham, Wesleyan clergyman, who said he had much pleasure in respond ing to the call and address them in the name of the Lord. He was pleased to be present as a member of another denomina tion and as a christian, to wish prosperity to the great work they had in hand. He alluded to the power of the press, the power of the: pulpit, and the power of the teapot, and re-i marked that no doubt some were attracted this evening by the latter power, presided over by the many charming ladies. But they really were gathered together to listen tb the biographies given by previous speakers. Whilst listening to the address of the Rev. Mr Brazier regarding Mr Bradlaugh hlie could not help thinking the said Mr Bradlaugh had a religious tendency, but the course of his life was turned by a very little thing-a pebble turned the course of the current-a little thing turned the whole course of his life and turned it in an opposite direction. Chas. Bradlaugh's brother was one of the leading Evangelists of England at the present day. By way of illustration he related about two lads wiho attended Sunday school ; they were taught same lessons by same teachers; , one thought himself too big and absentcd himself- he afterwards took to bushraunging and was imprisoned; after serving sentence he took to a more desperate course, was again imprisoned, and in striving to escape was shot dead. The other yielded himself to the good influences of the Sunday school, and he stood before that audience to-night, clearly showing that such influences worked satisfac torily. The rev. gentleman referred to this wonderful age, when there was so much ex citement in the world over things scicenltiiie, religious, and political ; it was also a scepti cal age, men not being satisfied now to think as their forefathers' did-they were now dipping below the surface-they were going down to ascertain if the foundations were safe and secure, and others were going down with the view of overturning the foundations and the superstructure. But the founda tions were safe and sure; there were plenty to defend the truth; there was the noble Bishop and others ready to defend the truth. There were many different denominations, but the differences were minor matters; down about the fundamentals the denominations were one-they were one in the belief that the Holy Ghost was the great regenerator ; there were numbers of leaders of the Church of Christ who would carry out the advice given by the Apostles, the advice given by the Duke of Wellington to his men, " Stand to your arms the enemy are moving." It was for them to stand firm in. doing the good work. The rev. chairman remarked, referring to the last address, that the spirit of enquiry was correct if taken in the proper way-all ought to investigate with a spirit of humility and reverence, and in the light of revelation with God. There were many who raised difficulties with regard to religious things who, brought to the point, failed signally ; there were some who wrote simply for the money they obtained; it would be well if I with old and young regard for the Scriptures and God should be a rule of faith-if such was the case they would be better christians, better to themselves and better to the world. M[r Warren in a suitable speech moved a vote of tlanks to His Lordship, which was duly acknowledged, His Lordship stating he had much pleasure in seeing the bright smil ing faces of the people of Kilmore. IMr Whelan moved a vote of thanks to the ladies, and IMr Chester having spoken to a vote of thanks to the speakers,, His Lordship pronounced the benediction and the proceedings terminated. 