Amusements. ? Coxcekt IK AsHHEliB. ;? — An orchestral and, choral concert, under the auspices of the Bummer hill Congregational Church, waa given in the Schools Arts, Ashfield, on Tuesday night. There w»s an attendance .of about three hundred. The pro gramme was an interesting one, and the performers, among whom were Mr. Andrew Fairfax, Miss C. Fuller, Miss Embleton, and other well known Con greg&tionists;, rendered their parts to the satisfac tion of the audience. The entertainment, altogether, was a mostenjoyableone. Cokcekt rs Redfeks. — Despite the inclemency of the weather on, Wednesday evening, there was a numerous attendance at the complimentary concert tendered to Mr. G. 33. Flower by his many musical friends, and held in the BedfernTown Hall ; although, of course, the hall was not so crowded as it doubt less would have been had the -weather proved pro pitious. Apologies were received from Madame Marias and Mr. Andrew Fairfax, who were prevented' from attending owing- to indisposition, brought on by. the changeable mature of the -weather. The Eedfern Musical Society rendered, in splendid Btyle.the choral wedding- march 'Hail, happy Pair ' (Michael Watson), and in a less degree, bnt still very well, the chorus from ' Oberon in Fairy Land ' ' (Stephens), end the ' Urchins' Dance ' (Hatton). The ladies and gentlemen comprising the society showed signs of careful training and leading. Miss Cowley wes enthusiastically encored for her songs -' Thou art so Weary' (Sullivan) and ' Bid me Good bye ' (Tosti), but wisely contented herself with, merely ? acknowledging the compliment. Miss Hathaway sang pleasantly the ' Tillage Rose,' and in company with Mr. Flower received a hearty encore for her spirited rendering of a ' Sol-fa ' duet. 'The Old Brigade ' (Barri) was given in grand style by Mr. A. Edward, who for an encore sang ' The Flower of Dumblane.' Mr. Edward also Bang ' Little Jim,' ' in place of one of the absentees. The part songs by the gentlemen amateurs — ' The Dance' (Otto) and 'Vinota' (ADt) — exhibited the result of great pains in practice. Mr. Boxall received a well-merited encore for his solo on the clarionet, fantasia on themes from ' D Puritani ' (Bellini). Mr. E. Chamberlain was very effective in 'True to the Last'*'- (Adams) and ' Will-o'-the-Wisp ' (Cherry). Mr. H. J. Peir sang the ' Maid of the Mill ' ' (Adams) with -much sweetness, and Mr. W. Herbert in 'Anchored' (WatEon)j was greatly appreciated. Mr. Flower tendered his sincere thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who comprised the audience, and also to those who so kindly assisted in the concert. He felt it a great honor for so many to have attended on such a miserable night. Concert ist New Masonic Hall. — Notwith- standing the inclemency of the weather there was a large attendance on Wednesday night at the compli mentary concert, which was tendered by the choir of St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church, to Herr Hugo Alpen. The first part of the programme consisted of a grand mass in D, which was performed by tne customary quartette of soloists, and a large body of choristers, consisting of the mem bers ?: of St. Patrick's choir and other ladies and gentlemen. The accompaniments -wsre orchestral, supported by the organ, which was exceedingly well played by Mr. C. Sheppard, and the orchestra was led by Herr Kretschmann. The soloists were Miss Moon soprano, Mrs. Banks contralto, Mr. Frank Brewer, tenor, and Signor Vittorini, bass. Her Alpen conducted. All these soloists are so well known with respect- to their musical capacity, the respective quality of their voices, and their general style of sinping.l that a formal critique on their performances is quite unnecessary. The music of Herr Alpen1 s Mass differed essentially from the mutrio of other masses ; but the structure of the work was necessarily analogous to the structure of all other masses, because all musicians who com pose a mass have to enshrine the same words in a musical getting. Herr Alpen's work abounds in graceful melodies, -which are well supported by orchestral accompaniments ; but, according- to our taste, he makes too free use of the harmonica of the chromatic scale. This how ever, in the estimation of others, especially the Germans, is a, merit rather than a fault. In choral harmony we prefer fundamental to inverted basses wherever theytean be properly used; the lyrical beauty of such harmony being generally in pro; portion to its simplicity - With reference to the quality of Herr ? Alpen's music, we think the chorus ' Et resurrexit,' the ' Ave Maria ' (which was splendidly sung by Miss Moon), and the' Sanctus,' which followed it, were the gems of .the mass. All things considered, the work was very fairly interpreted,' and was very creditable in all respects to the s-anins of the composer. At the conclusion of it Herr Alpen. was enthusiasti cally applauded, and received from a young lady a bouquet as an acknowledgment of merit. In a very pretty speech he thanked the audience for the com pliment they bad paid him in attending- the concert on such an inclement night ; the orchestra, soloists, and chorus, for the skill with which they had interpreted Ms wort ; and especially Herr vogrich and Herr Kretschmann, for having permitted their names to grace his programme. The second part of the programme comprised a miecellaneons collec tion of songs aiid choral ' pieces. Miss Ida Alpen, who has not-yefreachedher teens, won a beautiful bouquet by performing a pianoforte solo. ' The Sailor's Grave' was sung very pleasingly by Mr. Dinnis. The singer was recalled and responded. Mrs. Riley eang- Bishop's ' Tell me my Heart '~with: such expression and sympathetic pathos as to entrance the house. The song was re-demanded, and the singer -responded by singing ' The Last Rose of Summer.' If the poor old blindiiarpist who, ages ago inlrelandcomposed the melody, to which many songs have been adapted, notably 'the Groves of Blarney,' and Moore' e 'Last Rose of Summer' — if, we say the shade of this poor old musician conld have heard his beautiful melody sung by Mrs. Riley on Wednes day night, he would have ' ' shook hi s plumes' ' and have gone back to Paradise a happy ghost. Herr Vogrich performed two pieces from Chopin in his usual style of excellence. Mrs. Brewer sang ' Angel's ever Bright and Fair,' splendidly, and ' O Maritana.' A duet followed, and was grandly sung by Miss Moon and Mr. J. T.. Brown. Mr. Clancy sang the ' Colleen Bawn' from the Lily of Killarney, and the concert closed with the performance of Mendelssohn's ' Wedding March,' arranged For chorus and orches tra. 