TRIP OP THE MARAROA. THE 'FRISCO MAIL SERVICE. . The splendid steamship Mararoa, belonging to tho Union Steamship Company of Now Zea land, Limited, and which is to be utilised in the carrying out of tho mail contract between New South Wales, Now Zealand and San Francisco, made a trial run yesterday, iu which a large num ber of persons in response to the invitation of tho company participated. The Mararoa, which starts to-day for San Francisco via New Zea land and Honolulu, is a magnificent vessel of Its kind, aud has already been fully described iu these columns. Tho invitation cards annouueed that the vessel would start on its trip from tho A.9.N. Company's wharf at half-past 12 noon ; and at that time a large number of the per sons invited arrived, there being more than 200 of them present. Amongst these were the following : — Tho Mayor of Sydney, Mr. H. Griffin (Americau Consul); Hon. A. Campbell, Hon. J. Lucas, Hon. Dr. Crcor, Ms.L.C.; Hon. G. A. Lloyd. Messrs. Day, Spring, Davis, Hawthoruc, O'Sullivan, Ms.P.; Captaui Taylorj(of the Wolvereuo), Mr. Dibbs (of the Commercial Bank), Captaiu Crombic (of the Port Jackson), Captain Johnstone (of the Aber- coldic), Captain Cross (of thu Thomas Stephens), Captain llixson (president of the Marino Board), Lieuteuaut Liudeman (secretary Marine Board), Captains Trouton and llvndes (A.S.N. Company), Captain Turner (I.S.N. Compauy), Mr. F. J. Thomas, (1LR.S.N. Com pany), Mr. II. D. Portus (Newcastle S.S. Com pany), Mr. Smith (W. Howard Smith and Sons. Limited), Captains Grnugcr aud Hall, Messrs. G. J. Wntcrliouse, B. B. Nicoll, Geo. Wall, M. Baar, Trapp, Ellis, Prince, T. Oowlishaw, 13. Yickcry, Fiulayson, Cnrnow, Hugh George, F. W. Ward, Gibli'n, II. G illicit, U. 11. Lang, Gillies. » Moxbam, Hamil ton, Selfe, Crmckshnnk, Josephs and W. Smyth, Aldermen Chapman, llart. Beare, Poole auu Brven, Captains Ghost, Jenkviu, Curgill, Grey, Hy lies, and Messrs. James Mills (manag ing director Union S.S. Company), F. W. Jack son (mauager of tho Union S.S. Company iu Sydnoy), M'Douald, G. Holdsiiip, \V. Frasor Martin. W. C. Robinson, W. Eiliott, J. Melli- day, W. H. Dalrymplu, V. lleaton, Garrard, Booth, T. A. Pugh, Allen, J. Moore, Skinner, J. Allison, H. Musgrovc, F. Coffee, Noill, Humphries, Fleming, Wildridge,' Newton, Clifford, Play fair, jun.,S. H. Lambton, J. Dal- ganio, A. Day, M. II. M'Donncll, Suger, G. Merrimau,W. J. Merrimau, Hon. J. Terry, Hon. J. Norton, Messrs. Neiid, Chanter, Joiies, Browue, Uormloy, Hayes, Butcher, Hog in, Vaughn, llammoud audit. Smith, Ms.P. It was nearly 1 o'clock when the Mararoa left the wliarf iu charge of Captain Edie and Captaiu Bracogirdlo (pilot). The weather was fine aud altogether suitable) for a marine picnic. The water was neither too smooth nor too rough, albeit there was something upproachiug to a swell outsido the Heads. 'But the Head# had uot been reached at I o'clock ; and the vovageurs,! if such they may be called, had ample opportunity of studying at their leisure the internal arrangements of the Mararoa. The saloons, the sleeping-berths, the smoking-rooms aud the decks were examined and praised by all. Every nook and cranny of the vessel appeared to be invaded by the curious crowd ; but not the most hypercritical of the examiners could find a peg on which to hang a complaint. The work of examination over, the gong annoifticed tlio luncheon hour ; aud a pleasant half - hour was spent iu the enjoyment of the hospitality of the Union Companv. By this time the licads were passed and the Mararoa was steaming in a southerly dircctiou, having passed eu route the Govern ment tug Thotis, which was lyiug in wait for the arrival of the members of the New Guinea expedition, who were expected to put iu au appearauee iu tho Elumung about thut time. Alter going u few miles down the coast, the Mararoa returned, aud passing tho Ut'uds, steored to the uorth. .Proceeding north, it being then about half-past 2 o'clock, the whito fuuuel of tho Elamang was discerned. Tho Elamaug was making straight for the harbor with tho little Bonitu — living the flag of the Geographical Society — in tow. On passing these vessels three hearty choers were given on both sides, aud the Bouito dipped her Hag. The cheers were accompanied by a scries of whistles eiuauating from tho Mara roa. aud resembliug in sound somethiug between the cock-a- doodlc-duo of a Purruiuutta steamer on a boat race day, aud a giantess iu distress. The Mararoa then -turned and steered for Sydney, which was readied a few minutes before 4 o'clock. During the journey home the health of various persons was drunk in bumpers in the saloon, the Hon, A. Campbell being toast- master aud chairman. The Chairman said he readily accepted tho position of cbuirmnu on that occasion because it was an office very easy to fill. The business of a chuirnuui was to keop the meeting in order, aud ho was sure that ou that occasion lie woulcl succeed in that task— (hear, hear)— aud to au- noaucc the toasts. The first toast would be proposed by an old and well-kuown colonist, Mr. G. A, Lloyd — (cheers) — who would propose "Success to the Union Steam ship Company," coupled with the name of its managing director, Mr. Mills. Ho mentioned that, iu oidcr that they might be prepared with full bumpers — (hear, hear) — to do justice to the toast, and because he thought they as dtlzeus of Sydney ought to consider themselves very proucl that day to fiud au en terprising company such ai the Union Com pauy of New Zealand making Sydney one of the terminal ports for carrying on a great enter-, prise betweeu this country and our cousins on the Pacific side. It only proved what they as citizens had always contended for — that Sydney after all was the great centre of trade and com merce and thought and feeling in this southern world of Australia, (Cheers.) The Hon. G. A. Li.qyi>, iu proposing "Suc cess to the Union Steamship Company." said he did not know whether it was by accident or by desigu that he had been selected to propose that toast. But lie thought they would' admit that it was very fairly iu his bands from tho fact that 30 years ago he was appointed by the Government of Now South Wales oue of the commissioners in London to interview the British Government with rogard to a subsidy for carrying our mails from Sydney to Sim Francisco ; and, as they knew, "the result of thai mission was that a line was established bctwccu Syduev and Panama, aud from there to SunFrauciseo. Thoy luid cuutiuucd that line under different circumstances till the present womout ; and it would have been a great calamity if any thing had happened to put au end to that service. (Hear, hear.) He congratulated this country aud the Government on having wado arrangements for a colonial couipauy to curry ou a line which iu his opiuiou was of tho greatest importance to all the Australian colonies. There was no reason why we should not be Jinked with the numerous population of the United States. He had just returned from a travelling tour aud had had an opportunity of passing through tho States, and he did not hesitate to say that was the most wonder ful placo in the whole world. Aud it was a wise thing to briug us into constant communication wirh our brothers iu America. He was very glad ou his return here from Eng land to find that the contract had been mime with the Union Compauv to carry out this service ; and lie was very "glad that he had had the opportunity of taking atrip in the first boat that was to be utilised iu the service. He had travelled 18$ knots in rough weather and ex- Eerienccd hardly any motion iu the ship during ta travels ; but he had not been in any ship since lie left here which seemed so comfortable aud so fit for the service as the vessel they were ou that aftornoon. '(Cheers.) He congratulated that company and the whole of Australasia on their being able to produce such a ship, which was a credit to tho country that produced it and to the colony it belonged to. And he hoped the company would fiud the service not only profitable but pleasing to themselves. (Hear, hear.) They all knew that steam was not the host investment iu the world ; but there were circumstances under which steam would pay, aud he hoped those circumstances would exist iu councctiou with the line boing inaugurated. The Uniou Company had conducted their business iu New Zeulau'd with great credit to themselves. He hud travelled in their ships all round the coast, aud he did not wish to truvol in a better ship than the Wakatipu — (hear, hear) — and he was glad to hear thut tho compauv itself wus a success. He proposed "Success to tho Uniou Steamship Company," aud coupled with the toast the name of its mauaging director, Mr. Mills. '(Cheers.) Mr. Mills thuuked them heartily for the cordial manner in which they lmd responded to the toast which had just beou so ably proposed. It uffordod him great pleasure to meet so many frionds on board that day, and to be able to mako the acquaintance of so many gentlemen one could uot meet in the ordinary way of business. Ho regarded that if fitting celebration of what might be termed a doubio event. (Laughter and " hear, hear.") One event was the depar ture of that really very line steamer — if he might bo permitted to dill it such — the Mara roa, the finest aud largest steamer owned by a colonial company ; aud the other event was the inauguration of the new Sau Francisco service, carried out by u colonial company. It seemed a rather bold undertaking for a colouial com pauy to take up that service, but it had always appeared to him that it should fall to the lot of a colonial compauv. (Hear, hear.) lie need not enter into particulars a to how the company obtained the contract, for they lud already bceu made public. Suffice it tos say that tno Government of New Zealaud and That of New South Wales— the latter ably repre sented by the Hon. James Norton, late Post master-General — had come to ail agreement which he hoped would be satisfactory to all coucorned. They all knew how tho Union Couipauy hud stopped in aud met the wants of the Government, according to tho means at tho disposal of tho Govormnoui. Many people had asked why thu company could /.not run straight through to San Francisco. The reason was that to run through required three boats. To run to Honolulu required only two. No doubt a through service was prefer able from many poiuts of view, and the com pauy stood in tins position : They had the con tract for the service, and woro prepared' to undertake a through service if the Now South Wales Government wished it. (Cheers.) And ne evidence of their good faith, until the matter should bo definitely settled they had decided to run through. (Cheers.) The com pauv had arranged to obtain the use of the Zeiilandia aud Australia, but the owner with drew from tho matter. Fortunately, the Union Company hud the Mararoa on the way out, and it came in at a useful time. (Cheers.) The company also hud working with theui tho Oceanic Company of Sun Francisco, whoso boats were ( wall appointed aud continued the electric light. So they thought thut with those bouts they would be able to , con tinue the service with great credit until they knew what was tho value of the service, and were able to construct larger boats for it. The company thought great advantages would accrue to New South Wales from that route. One of the advantages of the contract being iu the hands of a colonial company was that pos sibly in tho future it would be uccesaary to form a connection with the Camub'au Pacific Railway at Vancouver. That could be doue either by u branch from Houolulu to Van couver in connection with the present serv'ee, or by a through service via Honolulu to Van couver, with a brauch from Houolulu to 3uu Francisco. (Cheers.) All those things were possible, und were within the powers of a 1 company like the Uniou. Aud he thought u special reason whv tho servicu should be iu the hands of a colonial couipauyiwas that such a company were always at "hand, and could always "be communicated with by the Govern ment. The company were on the spot, and if it should be decided that the loutc must be direct, the couipauy would be able to do it. The Union Couipauy were enterprising, and could claim the sympathy of the Parliament, the people, aud the press of the colony. (Hear, hear.) He had been asked why there were uo ladies present. They had expected to have ladies, aud it was inteuded to make a long after noon trip of it, but us Parliament was sitting, it was found ueccssurv to have the trip its early iu the day as possible to enable the members present to atteud to their legislative fuuciious ; but lie hoped to be able to remedy the delect, and ou a future occasion to have the fair sex present. (Cheers.) Mr. Giuvfin (American Consul) proposed "The Uuiou of luterest3 between the two great Continents of America aud Australia." He said it was of course always a pleasure to him to speak of the uniou of the iuterests of Australia and his own country ; but he was not pleased wheu he remyiuberetl how little his own country had contributed to foster the trade and commerce which she should eujoy with the»e colonies. Some years ago in NeW Zealand he labored to bring about closer relations with that colony and the United States. His atten tion was directed to the Union Steam ship Compauy, which was then a very small company. But he had watched it develop until it had now a magnificent lleet of 33 steamers, of a gross tonnage of Uo,UUU tons ; and in speaking a very few years ago of its growth, he predicted that it was so fur-reaching iu its ambition that it would soou establish a line of steamers between the colonies and tinu Francisco. At that time he did nut think that prediction would be so soon realised. But it was seen that the company had produced steamers aud established tiiat line, which he knew would be successful, as uverytliiug had been which the company had undertaken. Cheap freights aud rapid transit lav at the foundation of commercial prosperity, and in that connection nothing stood in the way to bar the prosperity of the Union Company. (Ilear, hear.) The total result of the trade of the colonies amounted to over 100 millions sterling, and he wanted to see a redaction of American duties on wools. (Cheers.) He had labored iu thai dircctiou until lie had sometimes thought he could labor no longer. There wore wools grown here which could not be grown in the United Stales, and there was uo reason why they should be taxed. The Americans some times talked about the luugnitudu of the public debt of New Mouth Wales, but they did not seem to think that that debt had been formed by tho construction of railways aud other re productive works. (Hear, hear.) He stood amazed when lie considered what would be thu future greatness of this country. (Cheers.) Mr. d. Smith proposed tlie health of the captain of tho Mararoa, aud after referring iu eulogistic terms to the captain, briefly sur veyed the rapid strides made iu the shipping interests during tho last 40 years. Ho recol lected tho time wheu tho ships "bclongiug to the whole of tho Australasian colonics amounted to five steamers of au aggregate toiiuago of 800 tons. We had now 1100 steamers registering 100,000 tons at tho Australian ports. We had 2500 sailing ships belonging to tho Australian ports ; we had constantly employed in the navigation of ships between the colonies 10,000 num. Then, duriug the last 12 months 0800 vessels entered tho ports of Australasia aggregating 3,000,000 of tonnage, and employing 3<JO,OUO fioumeu. And iu Syduev a'lone the entries last your were double what the entries in Londou were 50 years ago. (Hear, hear.) Australians had been charged with beiug fond of blowing ; but he considered thc' hud a right to blow. He had watched the Union Steamship Company from its babyhood, and he could hardly imagine there cuuVl be a much better ship than the one they had been entertained iu that afternoon. (Cheers.) Mr. John Gilchrist replied tor the captain, whose duties at the time detained him on Che bridge. The health of Mr. Jack sou, tho Sydney manager of thu Union Company, was givcu by Mr. Hugh George aud duly respoudud to. 