Advantages of Ghostship. A Tennessee ghost comes to a house in Hamilton county, and rocks the baby to sleep every night. Now then, by all the dwellers in 4 the nether gloom,' if there is a reckless ghost of any old ancestor of ours would like to find steady employment at good wages in a quiet family and good neighborhood, we can give the perturbed spirit all it wants to do in the silent line of general housework, with Sunday afternoon for itself, and one night out every week, when he could go round and raise a ghostly racket with the neighbors, and haunt all the lonely houses in the neighbor hood. What a gem of a house- servant i ghost would be. Never ' sass' back: always invisible. The pie would come on the table as though it were sailing though the air ! the carpet sweeper would perform its noiseless functions without the howling accompaniment of ' Gnah-na-gnah-na-tha-wah— that wur the place whayre the whiskey is plenthy—whack! fol - dhe - rol - lol !' And at night it could haunt all the objectionable neighbors until they fled' the neighborhood, and property would depreciate seventy-five per cent., when we could buy it in and whack up with the ghost. No light and no fire required for the ghost's room. No private watchman wanted on the block: no dog on the premises. When a burglar climbed in at the window and felt the cold, clammy fingers of the ghost wiggling down the back of his neck; when he drove a ten-inch bowie knife clean through the ghost's bosom five times, and the spectre smiles sadly at him and showed him where his throat had been cut clear off nine years before, how the robber would drop his kit and wing his restless flight to realms beyond the farther limits of the city corporate. And when the door* bell rang, the ghost could just stick its head through the key-hole ahd see who was there, before the door was opened. And there would be no sweethearts loafing about th? kitchen Sunday nights. Ah no. Truly, a ghost would be a great boon to the home, and if any of our readers know of a ghost out of a job, send him at once to this office. Over 20,000 bushels of wheat are stored at Nairne Mill, and 50,000 are expected before the season is over, The mill grinds , about i,000 bushels a week. At the last meeting of the South Australian Bee- keepers' Association Mr. -E. A. Coleman said the honey crop was so plentiful in the Mount Barker district that some of those using kerosene- tins found bees building combs betwe.en the boxes and underneath the benches on which'they stood. 1 ' p t m w P 