INTERCOLONIAL. FROM OUR OWN COrtUESrOXDEXT3.] NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, March 2. J. B. Anderson, a civil engineer, was drowned by the capsizing of a sailing boat on Sunday last off Gosford. The Acting Colonial Secretary this morning received the following telegram from the Agent General in London 3-21 hear that the question of New Guinea is not to be referred to a commission, but is to be arranged between the Governments." Mr. Dalley received a telegram from the War Office this morning to the effect that the Imperial Government will ship for the troops twenty additional horses for regimental transport purposes, and should any extra number be required, they will be provided. The subscriptions to the Patriotic Fund still continue to come in, Mr-, Dalley to-day received the following telegram from the Hon. A. Stuart, Premier of New South Wales, at Napier, New Zealand :-" Please convey to the embarking troops my highest appreciation of the noble manner in which by willing service they responded to your invitation. The eyes of all the colonies are upon them and our confide nee is unbounded that they will not disappoint the high expectations formed, but will bring honour upon New South Wales, and show the world that England's sons are ready to rally round her when occasion requires. May every success attend them. Give my personal thanks. and good wishes to both, officers and men. Many in New Zealand would gladly join them." The work of shipping the horses on board the troopships commenced this morning under the superintendence of Colonel Roberts, and went on very rapidly and expeditiously. The proceedings were watched by a large crowd of people. This morning the seamen belonging to the various men-of-war vessels in the harbour, numbering upwards of GOO, turned, out to drill in the Domain, as a preliminary to the parade of the procession to-morrow. The Hon. F. A. Wright, Minister for Works, accompanies the expedition aboard the Iberia as far as Kangaroo Island. The weather to-day is cool, and promises fine for the embarkation to-morrow. Large numbers of visitors are flocking into the metropolis from the country. VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, March 2. Inquiries are being made by some of the creditors of the Oriental Bank when the forthcoming dividend will be paid. Telegrams which have been received by the Victorian authorities state that the list of claims as passed by the official liquidator left London to-day, and will be due here on 15th April next, and that no dividend will be paid till the list has been received. Probably a month will elapse before the payment can commence. The Territorial Revenue returns, which have been completed to the 21st February, show that the deficiency which appeared at the commencement of the year is being rapidly reduced. Further reports received relative to the destruction of rabbits in the infected districts show that good work is being done, especially by the use of phosphorised oats. The Shire Councils are generally co-operating well with the Government Inspectors. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, March 2. An inquest has been held at Gawler on the fire which destroyed the Bunyip newspaper offices and adjoining cabinet-making premises. The Bunyip a damage is estimated at £2000, the insurance only amounting to £1000. A verdict of incendiarism has been returned. Dr. Linton, the newly-appointed Bishop of Riverina, arrived here by the Parramatta on Sunday last. He was met on the steamer by the Bishop of Adelaide. Bishop Linton subsequently took part in the services at the Cathedral, where he delivered an address. The Bishop left in the Parramatta at 3 o'clock. He purposes addressing a meeting in Melbourne on Tuesday, but will only stay there while the steamer remains. He then goes on to Sydney. The petitions adopted at the mass meeting held at the Town Hall on Saturday night with regard to the depression in the labour market, were presented to his Excellency the Governor to-day on behalf of the unemployed. This morning a deputation waited on the Commissioner for Works with regard to the present dearth of employment. Several manufacturers spoke of the depression in trade, and urged that Government contracts should be given to local men. The Commissioner pointed out that the Government had not spent anything on immigration while in office, but were simply fulfilling arrangements already in progress when their predecessors resigned, and also that as far as possible they had given preference to local tenderers. A hundred men will be sent to- morrow to Petersburg, where they will be employed in sinking reservoirs near the Silverton Railway. Another hundred men will be taken up there on Thursday next. The following are the South Australian Jockey Club Autumn Meeting entries : GOODWOOD HANDICAP. Waverly Plato Shamrock Warlleld Don Quixote Lord Wilton Miles Lavington Nod o' the Julia Too Too Pailoroo Umberton Marie Louise Hazard Reginald Plausible Kingship Blink Bonny Sheet Anchor Britisher Spero Buckingham Uncas Fuvo Lord Exeter Ellington Prometheus Ironmaster Claptrap Topaz SardluB Sir Garnet Welcome Jack Helme Alphabet Gueeavvork Napier Yearly Carbuncle St. Livvroneo Chuckster Duenna Berkley Hurricane G ¡pay's Warning King of the Sirocco Agent Gipaiea Country Boy Sir. John Middlemarch Metal The Ghost Nuncio Precious Stone Dirk Hatteraick Anchorite Coronet Broker Ringwood 'Tarpeia Hecuba Ruby Lantern Madcap ADELAIDE CUP. Waverley Assyrian Lord Wilton Ned o' the Hills 'J on Too Anglesey Handel Coriolanus Reginald Plausible Quality Klnirahip Commotion Athenian Blink Bonny Sheet Anchor Britisher Buoklnghain Uncus lave Lord Exeter J'romothous Sardius Welcome Jack Helene Silver King Guesswork Conjecture Of Colour Napier Vergy Stowaway Acolyte Chuckster Hurricane Sirocco Agent lung of the Country Boy Middlemarch, Gipsies Madcap HHltop Grace Darling Coronet Precious Stone Anchorite Broken Camerino David Ringwood" Trtrpohv- Hecuba - Lantern Ruby, ! NEW ZEALAND, ( ' WELLINGTON, March 2. The Government have declined to make any offers for the Soudan, stating they would not be justified in accepting the responsibility without the sanction of Parliament, Parliament will decide next session what steps will be taken for next season's operations. TASMANIA. HOBART, March 2. n.M.S. Diamond sailed quite unexpectedly on Sunday afternoon in consequence of a telegram received on Saturday from Admiral Tryon, at Sydney, ordering the vessel to that port at once. A cheque for £21CD has been deposited with the secretary for the Immigration Board to bring out 100 immigrants for the Bangor Slate Company. A cablegram has been sent to England for the men to got ready. It is expected that Justice Dobson will leave for Europe early in March. 