SUETDAY SERVICES. ! ' ' ; AUSTRALIA'S /FIRST CARDINAL. Atvtha.., Primitive -Methodist" Chapel, ;.May- jPetots, the Hot. B-, C. Pritehard,-; P»(|kBije»lerday;evanlhg Jpreacbedon the sub-i Jeet ot "Australia's first Cardinal and hia first. offlctal.htte ranees." The rev. gentleman selected for hit text Galatians Chap vi., verses 14, 15 I Bi-M— "But God (orbid that I should , glory ttta'ln the cross ot our Lord'Jesus Christ, by whpdl the world is crucified unto me and I no the world. For in Christ Jesus neither' dtnamcialon availothjanything, nor nncircum. cieion, hot a new citoatore. And as many as walk'.- according to this rule peace bo on them and mercy and upon the.Israel of God." Ho com- rnenoed by stating that ho had chosen Cardinal Koran's utterances as the subject of his dis course, because in Ids recent official address In his Cathedral the Cardinal hod made statements wJklchtOokus back to the time wlion persecu-< tisQ'was very common in tho church. So far ak Cardinal Iforan himself was concerned, ho hM : nothing to i|say about him. He)! know nothing of him, and., would not know liiixg,if ha met him. in the strcots, unless, iudccd, his Euii- ntnoe should have on his red hat. Nor was ho conosihed in the matter of tho appointment of dtje, Cardinal by tho ltomish Church. But he Wanted to give a no to of warning, and toj point to the Word of God as being the ono great Divine aid to salvation. "We did not want to refer to. tho enactments of councils or to tho doctrines or dogma3 of any section of tho chnrch. Wo Wanted the teachings of Christ and.His inspired apostles, which should bo our rale of faith and rnlo of lifo. Cardinal Moran, speaking.' in his address of the priests ot the BomiBh. Chnrch, said : " They guard tho wliolo deposit of diviao truth." The inference was that outside of them thcro could bo no truth, tjuoting St." Cyril of Jerusalem, the Cardinal said: '/When you go to any city, do not ask merely for tho hohsc of Goo, or merely for tho. chnrch, for all heretics pretend to have this ; but ask which is tho Catholic Church, for this title belongs to our Holy Mother alone." This, said the preacher, was quite enough. When tho Cardinal uttered those words, ho knew well enough where ho was, and that no was spook ing in a Protestant colony, where thrce-fonrths Ot the people wero Protestant, and whoro no tnan could be persecuted for his faith ; and thus It . could bo seen clearly enough that tho llomish Church in this land, speaking through its head, -declared that wo had no truth, that wo were hypocrites that our sanctuaries wero not houses or.God, and- that all outsido tho pale of Home Were anathomatisod heretics. It was to this priestly assumption that ho took objection, and which he considered rather warm in a land of liberty liko . this. What would ho the natural effect of such plain speech as tho Cardinal .bad indulged in 7 If tho Cardinal reaUv believed iu Ins conscience that tmtsfde Abe' pale of Homo all people, notwith- etanding their profession of religion, wero- heretics anathematised by Heaven as well as by the church, it behaved tho Cardinal as tho representative of Christ, to do lu9 utmost to bring ns us a community over to his faith, for £0t to do that would be to bo faiso to his posi tion, false to his conviction and faiso to his Ood. After briefly referring to the action of the. Catholic officials in the colony in seeking to .introduce teachers of their creed into our public schools and private families, Mr. Pritehard went on to say that, though tho Cardinal said that the Holy Catholio Church Was,, the only church, his very utterances Showed the entire want rof catholicity that marked thoir church ; and that our duty, was to be en our watch-tower as Christians, holding firmly to the teachings of tho Bible, and taking that,-, book as tho staudardof faith. He stated that- men did not always recognise tho powers brought by file devil to keop the Bible closed. Boperjv be said, urged that the pooplo should njit . their teaching, not from Christ, not (rem the Holy Ghost, hut from tho lips of friests, who only received tho bishop's or the- 'ope's mission to preach tho truth, Mr. Prit ehard . dwelt at length on tho uocos- eify for holding on to tho Biblo npa for tho rejection of teachers whose precepts were not in accordance with scriptural precepts, arid spoke in favor of the spiritual results of direct communion with God, independently of the. agency of men who were lauded for their learning. The Apostle Paul, .ho observed, was perhaps tbo.most highly gifted man the church possessed in his day. Ho wa9 certainly ouo of the most logical reasoners, and most eloquent speakers amongst tho apostles. Tot dawn upon liis knees ha uttered the words of the' text, " Qod forbid that I should glory. »Te in the cress of tho Lord Jesus Christ. Alld how beautifully that prayer accorded with the teachings of Christ. Compare the raiment of ' John tho Baptist, of the disciplos, of ChriBt himself, with tho rich and gorgeous attire ,of. tho head of tlio "ouly Church" in- this, sunny Australia. Attcud tho sprvioes at . the cathedral — the high inass-'ifor example—' where the " prince of tho church " ministered,, and compare it with tho simple worship on tho mountain side, whore . the grandest utterances that ever fell (from human lips were made by tho Saviour ot tho world. In making the comparison it would be soen that the ono was quite the opposite of . the 'Other.. He liked good singing, hut it seemed strange our great cathedral singors Were our theatrical singors. It seemed strange that, those, stars at the 12 o'clock Saturday- night theatres should bo the stars at the. 11 o'clock Suhday service in the, house of .God. He could never understand this union of the house of the devil with the houso of . God. The Biblo, ho said, was tho only in fallible guide to heaven. No matter what posi- tlon'mcn might occupy in tho State or in tho church, if . we know that God was our father, Christ our saviour, and tho Holy Ghost our com-- fortsr, and if wo had the tostimony of an ap proving conscience, we might be assured that We' were on our happy way to eternal sal-' vajion. 