The Agricultural Society's Show. MACHINERY. The exhibition of machinery was a leading feature, and especially in the labor-saving appliances and irri- gation plant, which are becoming greatly appreciated in the sparsely populated and dry districts of the in- terior. Novelties of many descriptions were also largely shown, suitable alike for the town resident and the country farmer. Messrs. Lassetter and Co.'s exhibits oover over two acres of spaoe, and form one of the most interest- ing collections at the show. The first exhibits to catch the visitor's eye are the long range of woolpresaes, haypre83es, and winepresses, forming a Btriking background to their other artioles shown. Strip- pers are well represented, the Gawler patent damp-weather stripper, Nicholson's latest improved spur-gearing stripper, also a double front wheel belt stripping machine, whioh is quite novel. Winnowers, with elevator, and mounted on travelling wheels, aro very conspicuous. Humble and Nicholson's 4-horse thresher on wheels, now largely used in thia and the adjacent colonies, makes a good appearjmoe. The Althouse self-regulating windmills give the ground a cood overhead appearance. The re- nowned Jonn Bunde is still to the fore with a jprize collection in Laasetter's stand, of chaffcutters, ¡com- bined saw benches, bark cutters and. disintegrators, corn orushera, and malt mills. Walter A. Wood Harvesting Co. exhibits here a Btring-binder harvester, fitted with bundle carrier of improved pattern, also set up on transport wheels, j The same firm is also exhibiting Harrison McGregor's new iror^s&Qwer;, with gearing covered in, Albion tnreo wheeled reaper and mower. This make of reaperf and mowers is generally liked wherever used.^Hutchinson and Walkor.of Kyneton,Viotona,have a three-wheeled reaper and mower of 8trong construction. Stump jumping plough, sulky plough, two. three, and] four furrow ploughs, enter largely Into Lasaetter' s exhibits. Ransome's new patent selt- aoting rake,1 also three furrow convertible plouglTwith tour and six horses power. Portable engines are shown working under steam in connection with Price William's tank exca- vating plant. Grain drill for horsepower, Bickford and Hugbman, Amerioan make, is a very handy maóhino where drilling seeds of all kinds is required on a large farm. Station requirements are not overlooked, a number of earth scoopa, self-acting well-buokets, portable forges, sheep supporta, furnaces for heating branding irons, large tank-sinking ploughs, barbed wire and wire strainers of latest designs are shoym in operation. Coleman and Morton's double front wheel cultivator and drag cultivator for oouoh land, andNPaul'a three-wheeled scarifier are on view. Altogether, Messra.^ Lassetter and Co.'s machinery oolleotion.is a very important one, and undoubtedly forms one "of the features of the exhibition. { Mesará^ John Fowler and Co. are exhibiting! two 8-horae traction engines, one on the single cylinder, andê the other on the compound principle. ; The engines are constructed almoBt entirely of steel and of wroughtlpr malleable iron, and are deaignejd for heavy haulage on ordinary roads. They have all the handineas o; fixed or portable enginea for threshing, grinding, &b;," By the adoption of the compound principle, _ söfno 30 per cent of fuel and water ia saved, whioH-is of vital importance in a dry country. The balance steam plough exhibited is for working with Fowler's double engine sets of tackle, of which the firm have about 35 complete sets at work in theBe colonies. Mea8rs. Fowler and Co. also exhibit Burrell's 8 h.p. portable engine and 5ft finishing threshing machine, both of whioh are of first-da8S manufacture and well adapted for the requirementa of this oolony ; the_ engine being fitted with| iron wheela and fore-carriage, and having a large firebox for burning wood, whUe the threaher keeps thejohaff and savings at one end away from the grain bag at the other. ' ) Messrs. Hudson Bros., limited, have on view a fine collection of windmills (Clyde pattern), reaping and mowing machines, plongha, harrows^ oultivatora, horse-powers, horse-rakes, ohaff-cutterB, and joorn shellera, hand and power, and a well-boring machine. The same firm ia well represented with farm waggons, spring drays, express waggons, pony carts, lowries, and all classes of useful, strong vehicles. It has a apeoial exhibit with Clyde earth scoop, which has been found to work splendidly for excavation pur- poses, and at a minimum coat. jj j James Martin and Co. show the Hornsby String BinderB, whioh gained a gold medal at the Royal Agri- cultural Society's field trial in England; alsp the Hornsby-Martin stripper, fitted with all the latest and most valuable improvements, damp-weather drum, improved deep-tooth,comb, to prevent any poa sible loss of grain, three' spe'eds, simple in-and-out gear arrangements, &o.; Hornsby-Martin mowers and reapers are also displayed. The " windmills .have a very attractive appearance, the Reliable Solid Wheel, the Iron Turbine, and the Althotiae being the deecriptions exhibited. The Solid Wheel is an exceptionally ueeful mill, furniahing water, for household, irrigation, farm, and stook purpoaes. Among tho smaller implements of agriculture, are chaffcuttera, corncrackers driven by hand or power, cultivators, scoops for dam sinking, &o.; j Foremost among the principal exhibitors ranks the newly established firm of Messrs. Roberts, Chalmers, and Co., who recognised the value of introducing the latest labor-saving appliances, by means of which the farmer, squatter, and selector can 'most profitably carry on their various avocations. [ The exhibit, which is certainly one of the largest and moat varied in the show, consists of portable engines, ploughs by Hornsby, Howard, Ransomes,' and colonial makers, cultivators and horse hoes suitable for the field or vineyard. A large plough suited for dammaking, whioh in conjuction with earth sooopB, a large variety of which are shown, enables the Bquatter to see how, to a great extent, the losses incidental to a season of drought oan be ^boat avoided. For irrigation and woolwaahing purpoaes, sampleB of nearly every description of pumps aro shown. For the farmer, dairy untensils, 8uch as churna, cheeae preases, curd mills, and other requi- sites in profusion. Lathes, drilling machines, shaping machines by all the best makers, are exhibited. Coachbuilders' materials are also shown, such as buggy hoods, all ready for placing on the buggy; Dexter undergears; dashes, ready made; bolt cuttere of new and improved design; models of ingenuity and strength, as well as many other re- quisites' in the ooaohbuilder's department. Messrs. Briscoe, Drysdale and Co., of 397, George- * street, display a very creditable collection of agricul- tural implements and machinery, including every requisite for the farm and station. In engines they show Robey and Son's improved portable 8 h.p., specially designed for colonial use, mounted on patent wrought-iron road wheels, and fitted with several improvements, notably the extra large fire- box for burning wood. Reapers and mowers, by R. Hornaby and Sona, of England, including he well-known Paragon D and Manoheater elf- rakers and droppers, and back delivering akes, by Harrison, M'Gregor and Co., and other makers are shown on this stand, also Howard's self oting hay rakes, fitted with driver's seat and self umping gear, and the Bristol tumbler rake in everal varieties. Chaff-cutters, corn-crackers, and orn-shellers of all makes follow, and form quite a ollection in themselves. Horse gears, suitable for ne, two, or four horses, are exhibited in connection with the chaff-cutters and other machines, and are fitted with a device to prevent the mechanism from breaking, if the horses get restive. Single and double furrow ploughs, by Ransomes, Howard, and Hornsby, and a new three- furrow plough, designed BO as to admit of using it aa a double or three-furrow are among Measra. Briscoe, Drysdale and Co.'s a ttractive exhibits. Harrows, cultivators, winnowers, t hreshers, and a number of other implements too various to mention aro also shown, and add interest to the exhibition. Morticing and boring ma- chines, ciroular saw benches, and centrifugal pumpa, as well as many other engineering appliances are ßhown by the same firm. Mesara. M'Lean Broa., Rigg, and Co., of 512, George-atreet, show a large assortment of a&rrioul; tural machinery. This exhibit ÍB exceedingly inter- esting on account of the numerous artioles m motion, and the admirable arrangements adapted for displaying the various implements, The M'Cormick roaper and twine binder attracts considerable atten- tion. This combined machine comes in for more than an ordinary amount of attention on account of its speoial appliances for cutting hay. The same firm also has a large display of M'Cormack reapers and moworB, both sid« and back delivery. Halladay windmills ore exhibited in full working order. These mills are self-regulating and adjust themselves to the strength of the gale, the advantage of this prinoiple being that a uniform atrike is obtained, thereby reducing the strain on the pump. Chaff-cutters, horse gears, and corn oraokers are also shown. The new Ranks'a haypress ia a eimplo and effeotive arrangement, the proseure being obtained by block and tackle. A street-sweeping machine is also exhibited, and should not he lost sight of by our municipal authorities. A creditable display of agricultural maohinery is made by Mesara. William Watson and Co., Redfern. For a year or two this firm has been making labor saving agricultural maohinery, whioh is found to be of great service to Australian farmers. Their patent " Sydney Stripper " is a model of usefulness. It has been successfully exhibited at all the leading shows of the colony, and has been awarded many prizes. The same firm is exhibiting winnowing maohines, with patent attachments; also, horse- power, with patent improved dutch motion. Messrs. Wataon and Co. 'B stand is augmented by maohinery made by some of the leading manufacturers of Viotoria, and also by wheels, &c;, from the Australian Wheel Faotory, whioh they represent. Mr. William Ritohie, Granville, shows one of his Granville strippera, with wrought iron travelling wheela ; also a large collection of implementa, vine- yard ploughs, one-horse ploughs light and heavy, two-horse ploughs, his oelebrated match plough, con- tractors' &o.; dam ploughs, two and three furrow plougha of different kinds, two-furrow sulky ploughs of a new invention, horse hoea and oultivators of extra strength (all made of wrought iron). The "Eclipse" gold-saving maohine, mentioned in our laat issue, is made by R. T. Ball and Co., engineers, Goulburn. It is Carter's patent machine' whioh was desoribed last year by us as having been seen at work on alluvial stuff near Bungonia, i Since then the machine has been improved considerably, and is now tho best portable gold-saver we know of for washing out stuff in whioh free, light gold is present. Messrs. John Danks and Co. are represented chiefly with Monitor pumps. These are on the double-action horizontal prinoiple, fixed and portablo, and are worked by hand, horsepower, and steam. The auotion and delivery pipes are fitted with a swivel-joint, so that they oan -be placed at any angle on the banka of a creek or river. The oylinders are truly bored and highly finished, BO that there is a minimum of wear and tear with a maximum of water. There ia also a very fine di8play of other pumpa on cast-iron framea and planka. Douglas and deep well pumps, They further diaplay exhaust injectors, sight-drop lubricators, Btoam-valves, and cooks of all descriptions. Messrs. Mason, Struthers, and Co., of Christohuroh, N.Z., have the Deering and Co. twine binder on viow. It is a very complete piece of mechanism, and has many supporters in the Australian colonies. Messrs. Pringle and «Jo., Market-atreet, have a few good exhibita on the ground. They show a harvesting and binding maohine of a very useful character ; as also a eelf acting hay rake chaffcutter, including feeding web and a wrought iron water cart. Mesara. Waugh and Joaephaon, of Sydney, exhibit a complete Laval cream- aeparating plant, coneisting of a three-horaepower engine and boiler, two De Laval aeparatora, one of Finlayson's latest improved Bquare box churns, butter workers, and the new American tinlined butter packages. About 10O gal- lons of milk daily brought from the Camden district are put through one of the machines, the other being left open tor mspeotion ; and to give the public an opportunity of testing the milk and cream, both are obtainable at the stand. The ohurn, which merits Bpeoial attention, is simply a revolving square box without dashers or workine parts. .Messrs. J. and F. Howard exhibited an assortment of the new single furrow colonist's ploughs, ranging from a one-horse plough to a railway contractor's im- plement. There were also a Simplex plough and a potato plough. In multiple plougha their two-furrow and 3-furrow for light soil are suited to the plains, and T.O. two-furrow, throe-furrow, four-furrow for heavy and rough land. The CO. plough, with steel beam, is convertible into a Bingle furrow. An angle- iron beam plough called the " Otago " is capable of coping with any land. In har- rows, their diso harrows are strongly made ; there was also a new harrow entirely of steel, and consequently very stiff. The method of attaching the tines is suoh that there must be quite 2in of ma- terial at the joint. This ensures great strength where strength is required. A vine cultivator was also ex- hibited, and their famous light Anglo-American rake. On MeBsrs. Fowler's stand, attached to a thresher, one of the Howard patent straw trussers was in mo- tion during the day, and receiving the straw from the BhakerB, delivered it in trusses tied with two twine bande. The trusser is an extension of the binder prinoiple. It oonsiats of a hopper with two canvases, a table with two knot ters, the whole mounted on two travelling wheels. The maohine is fixed on to the thresher with two Bimple cup-shaped brackets, and is driven by a sprocket wheel from the shaker shaft of the thresher. The machines are entered by Mr. J, G, Howard, and are owned by Messrs. Lassetter and Co. An exhibit shown by Messrs R. C. Ghost and Co. during the term of the Agricultural Show consisted of their double automatio grenades, which are ren- dered so by a small explosive cap and f nse between the bottles, whioh contain two different chemicals. When thrown or broken in or over any fires the chemicals, coming in contact with each other, generate carbonic acid gas, the strongest fire-extinguisher known. _ The same firm also exhibited hand fire-extinguiahers, ware- house fire enginea on wheels, and a very fine chemical engine of large oapaoity, equal in extinguishing power to 3000 gallons of water. The principles corni hine simplicity with a continuous stream without stoppage to exchange, whioh can be effected during the operation, and can be tested without loss of chemicals. The larger size is especially adapted for country towns where water is so^rce. Messrs. Ghost and Co. also show a fine handy garden engine and spray pump for vines, plants, and fruit trees. Trials given at the sooietv's grounds wero very successful. Among the useful exhibits were some double cheese presses, a well-set cultivator made on an improved design ; also a 30in peg drum threshing machine, fixed with reciprocating shakers for horse power. These maohines were shown by Mr. J. Bluett, of 437 and 439, Kent-street. The cheese press in its mechanical appliances bids fair to become popular in farming districts. They are numerously used in the cheese factory at Kiama with most effective results. The design of the cultivator is as simple as it is effective. The frame is well braced together, and can be safely worked to any required depth. The same manufacturer showed horse gears, all of dif- ferent sizes and well finished, from English patterns. Some well finished samples of iron castings were also shown by Mr. Bluett. The attendance on the third day, Friday, was fully up to the average, and at 4 p.m. there were not much fewer visitors than on the previous day of the show. The business of the morning was the oattle sales, and in many oasea the bidding was lively, but num- bers of handsome animals of both sexes were passed in. The crowd was fringed round with a numbor of people, who stopped to look, and then went on -and inspected other exhibits. The Angus polled cattle created much interest. One bucolic gent, went so far as to name them the oattle of the future, and oortainly in these days of stock trucking over hundreds of miles of rails this breed appearB to have advantages over any other. The parade of oattle waB well worth seeing. The champion animals had broad ribbons of red, blue, and white, tied loosely round their necks. Most of the bulls, cows, and calvos were very quiet, and allowed themselves to be lod round by their keepers and patted by anybody. The Durhama and Devona were numeroua and good, the Ayrshires abo attracting much attention. One of the oows was guaranteed to give nineteen quarts of milk per day. The Alderney cows have tremendous udders, but the great want appeared to be a oow whioh would yield rum and milk. One gentleman who was yearning for an animal of this kind deolined to bid till he tasted a sample. In the afternoon the heavy stallions were put np to auction. The orowd was a moderato one, and the bidding was not as brisk as it might have been because, perhaps, as the auctioneer remarked, there was a belief prevalent that owners did not wish to sell. One of those burlesques on the draught horses, a "shelty," about 10^ hands high, named ." Dot," caused a diversion by lifting therail infront of her stall, and scudding through the orowd, which scattered in all directions. After a good gallop through the sand hills she was "oornered" by some boys and led back to her stall. The jumping for the society's hunters' prize attracted a good share of attention, and each horse whioh topped the hurdles, especially if ridden by a lady, was greeted with loud applause. Mr. Hawkins's New Zealand horse, Tutor, oaused quite a commotion. He crossed the first fence and then bolted, in spite of his rider's efforts to hold him. Sheehan, the rider, tried to keep him on the course, but, with a toss of the head, he plunged madly through a orowd of spectators near the fence and scattered them in all directions, and then made straight for the stables. Cries of "look out!" and "here he comes," resounded on all sides, and people rushed madly hither and thither for safety. The runaway cleared the fences in capital form, and tore madly across the sandhills, where he soon expended his superfluous force and was brought under control. On reaching the ground again Sheehan once more rode him at the first hurdle, whioh he crossed as before, and he bolted again, causing another stampede among the onlookers, and on being brought back was not allowed to try again. An interesting exhibit ia the family ice-making maohine. It has recently been landed from America for Mesara. Gardner and Co. The apparatus consists of a cylinder whioh is filled with a solution of nitrate of ammonia. Into this a tin case, 18in long by 6in wide and l£in thick, filled with water, ia placed, and the valve ia closed. In an hour a blook of ice is pro- duced the size of the tin, whioh slidea out ready for use. The maohine can be worked by anyone, and ice made in it from filtered water is beautifully clear and pure. The mode of working is explained by Mr. Rankin. At 5 p.m. a bright blaze was observed near the gates, and a larsre bell rang out an alarm of fire, while the whistles of the steam-engines were also blown vigorously, oausing a rush in that direction, where it was found that a trial of Miller's patent concussion fire-engine was about to be made by Messrs. Lassetter and Co. A orate had been filled with strips of deal and bags previoualy saturated with kerosene, and this on being lighted, burned brilliantly. The maohine is a small cylinder whioh will contain BÍX gallons of "water. When full an alkali is dissolved in the water, and a small glass bottle filled with acid is dropped into a receptacle inside, and the top Borewed on. In this condition it is ready for use, and in the event of a fire breaking out can be readily carried by a handle to the place, when a slight tap on a button outside breaks the glass bottle, and liberates the acid. The gas generated by the mixture of the alkali and aoid forces the water out a distance of 50 feet and the flames die out immediately the fluid reaoheB them. The trial on the show ground was exceptionally severe, and the maohine stood it even better than might have been expected. The show finished on Saturday; the attendance large. About nine thousand persons paid at the gates. The stewards and committee of the society maybe pardoned for congratulating themselves on the success they have achieved j to whioh the secre- tary and his assistants, and the clerk of the weather, largely contributed, A apeoial feature at the show was Raleigh's patent "Economy" cooking stove, whioh can be heated by wood, coal, or gas. A very appetisiner dinner was cooked in the one at the show. TheBe stoves are self-aoting and require no setting, and are' made any size from three feet long to twenty. ' / . < I On Saturday an addition was made to the show in the shape of a portable hut of felt on a light wooden frame, which would bo most useful to per- sons camping out. It was exhibited hythe American Novelty Company. The cabin may be easily packed up in a case for removal. It is provided Avith floor and windows, and is admirably suited for a travelling hospital, for survey cr camping-out parties, or other similar purposes. The felt covering and walls are fixed to the frame by a aeries of hooks and eyes so simply arranged, that any person can fix the cabin in a very short time. 