CONGLOMERATIONS. Onr readers were invited to supply for publica tion "Conglomerations," in accordance with the following conditions1. The poems may be on any subject, and in any measure. 2. The selected words to be used in any order—i.e., not necessarily in the same consecutive order in which they are arranged. S. At least as many selected words are to be used as one-half of the number of lines in the verses In which they are embodied. The selected words were Gate, Gentle, Ghost, Glitter, Grain, Grave. We publish the following this week :— Bow can I write about a ghost, Who never yet believed in any ? The error may be gentle, yet 'tis grave. Or so I think, although 'tis held by many. More than threescore and ten years have I lived And kept my eyes wide open soon and late, And not a ghost, not the minutest grain, Have I yet ever seen. 'Tis glamour vain; The glitter of the moonshine on a gate. E. J. C. The gentle lover standing at the gate For Mary's footsteps anxiously doth wait; When lo! as from the grave a ghost arose. Poor John stood still and meealy rubbed his nose; Remarking that to startle him was vain Since to remove would go against the grain. This said, the apparition nearer drew, And from its form a snowy mantle threw, Then drawing his sweet Mary to his breast She talked of scare intended, but soon guessed. R. H. U. Now that another year has fled, let us be thankful we're not dead, But monuments of mercy. I wonder now if we shall leave a name when we are in the grave Of being somewhat versey! Who knows, my gentle Ellie L—, but Shakspeare's ghost may near us dwell, Inspiring this our rhyming ?— That on the page of deathless fame will glitter our immortal name Long as the bells are chiming ? When I have reaped the golden grain I'll surely visit you again, And glad will be our meeting; For, as it always used to be, you'll at the gale re ceive from me A happy New Tear's greeting. Tarra. Long yean ago in yonder pile There dwelt sweet gentle Alice Lisle. Sad washer end and cruel fate. Loved by a dark and wicked knight, She fled from him; bnt in her flight Expired just past tbe wicket gate. When dewdrops glitter on the green A ghost or vision oft is seen— The knight in helmet as of yore; While Bhe, though grave, looks young and fair With waving locks of golden hair. Like sheaves of grain for winter store. 