ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [By THE GHOST.] The date announced by the Gocorament as the period at which the labours of the last session of the twelfth Parliament of Victoria are to be brought to a close is being neared without any advance being made in the legislative business of the country. Owing to the obstructive tactics of a section of the Assembly, little progress was made during last week. The lord of misrule reigned supreme, and the demorali sation which set in some three weeks ago has now reached an acute stage. On Thursday the "popular" chamber assembled at two in the afternoon, separating only during the "wee sma' hours" of the next morning, the work done being out of all proportion with the time con sumed in doing it. In vain did the Speaker threaten, the Premier implore, and the more sensible members call upon the obstructionists to behave rationally; threats, appeals, and advice were alike thrown away. It was made abundantly plain that if the Legislature is not to be turned into a bear-garden, some means must be provided for checking the rowdy propensities of certain honourable gentlemen. In order to save the time of the public regulationsin'regard to the proceed ings have been introduced into the British House of Commons. It is high time these were imported into the Victorian Assembly, where liberty of speech and freedom of debate have degenerated into license of tongue and ubseemly rowdiness. The chief remedy for the present disgrace ful state of affairs rests, however, with the electors themselves, and so long as they continue to give their votes to members of the Bent and Gaunson type, so long will representative institutions be made ridisu lous, and the finger of scorn continue to be pointed at parliamentary government as carried out in the premier colony of Australasia. Were any great principle at stake, there might perhaps be found some slight excuse for the conduct of "honosr able " gentlemen of the Assembly during the last few days. Were the wishes of a minority being wilfully ignored by a ma jority, in order to advance a policy detri mental to any section of the community, there aight be some palliative reason for the "stonewalling" indulged in. Butthere was really no question before the Assembly justifying a resort to obsolete forms, de signed in years long passed never to return, when " might was right," to protect the weak against the tyranny of the strong. The business of the country was brought to a standstill, as our American cousins would say, out of " pure cussedness." A squabble over a mining lease, said to have been unjustly withheld from a couple of Maldon miners, was the pretext seized upon for an onslaught on the Minister of Mines and an all round attack on the Ministry. For six weary hours was the debate on Mr. Levein's action ingranting a lease to a com pany instead of a couple of miners con tinued, and at the close of the discussion only some nine members were found voting against the Government. This fact alone should be sufficient to induce the As sembly, at the earliest possible moment, to invest Mr. Lalor with some of the powers possessed by the Speaker of the British House of Commons. If in the foremost legislative chamber of the world restric tions are required to check the powers of obstruction possessed by a minority, how much more are they wanted in this colony, where unfortunately the choice of the electors is not always a wise one, and row diness is not heold in check by innate gentlemanly instincts. It is satisfactory to know that the state ment made in the Assembly by Mr. Ander son that " four hundred young girls under the age of fourteen were leading a life of shame in Melbourne" has been pronoun cod, after a careful investigation by a number of our most experienced police officers, as "entirely without foundation," and that this opinion is fully endorsed by the leading members of the Salvation Army, who are certainly in a position to know whether there is any truth in the assertion. It is perhaps as well that there should be in every community people with a mania for stirring upthe noisomedepths of the social edifice, opening up its sewers and laying bare its cloaca maxima. Enquiry is stipulated by their action, and enquiry elicits the truth. It is per haps as well that the statement was pub licly made instead of being whispered about, as otherwise no authoritative denial of the slander upon the purity of the ris ing generation of Victoria would.have been possible. Doubtless the "l arrikiness" is at the present time one of the types of colonial young-womanhood, but between unchastity and rowdiness there is a wide gulf. In regard to this matter, it is assuredly satisfactory to be able to record another instance in which "the devil is not as black as he is painted." When some imitator of the elder D'Israeli andertakes the task of enditing the curiosities of colonial literature, the history of the l'ictorian Review Company will in all probability occupy a prominent position in the pages of the compilation. The recently filed insolvency schedule of Mr. Henry Henty shows that a loss of upwards of thirty-two thousand pounds is due to that gentleman's dabbling in news papers. As there are numerous other gentlemen interested in the publications issued from the Flinders-lane office, the losses incurred in providing the public with the mental pabulum must amount to a pretty considerable figure. It is certainly a matter for regret that the purveyors of news for the " gentle public" should have received such a poor recognition of their labours, and that during a long series of years they should, as it were, have been doing good by stealth and blushing to find it fame. The moral to be deduced from a perusal of Mr. Ienty's insolvency schedule is that newspaper proprietorship in Vic toria is not always "a life of beer and skittles." The members of the Geographical Society's Exploring Expedition have been afforded the opportunity, rarely accorded to less fortunate mortals, of reading their own obituary notices. " Full, true, and particular accounts" of the massacre of the swhole party by the hostile New Guinea natives on the banks of the Fly River ap peared in the Press, and the ink recording their murder was scarcely dry ere Captain Everill and his party made their appearance at Thursday Island. It is of course highly satisfactory to be able to record the safety of the party, and the re turn of the "dead" men. But now that the affair is over, one may be permitted to ask whether the results are at all commen surate with the risks encountered by the expedition, and the large expenditure in curred. The Bonito has simply done what d' Albertis, with far inferior appliances, achieved years ago, and added little or nothing to the geographical knowledge of the world. One result of the exploration of the interior of Papua is certainly to make it clear that the soil and climate of the island are both unfitted for European settlement, and that New Guinea, about the possession of which so much fuss was made, and so much "tall talk" indulged in, is very likely to prove a very white elephant to its possessors. If the influx of South Austral- ian working men into Victoria continues at its present rate, the sister colony will ere long be de- nuded of its population. Every steamer that arrives from Adelaide is crowded with " working men" allured to the Victorian "Paradise" by high wages and short hours of labour. This is assuredly a state of affairs never contemplated by the Trades Hall Committee, but one which is the in- evitable result of the "triumph of labour" in this colony. A succession of concessions drawn from the employers and "the bloated capitalist" have made the lot of the Victorian artisan such a pleasant one that his compeers in other portions of Australasia are anxious to share in the good things going. The triumph of Messrs. Murphy, Trenwith, and Co., in their "struggle with capital" has indeed been complete, and they have fully succeeded in carrying out Mr. Berry's aspi- ration of making Victoria "a Paradise for the working man." But unfortunately there is no great wall of China round the colony, and no angel with flaming sword in the shape of a Customs official stands at the gates of the Port Phillip Edén to deny admittance to the denizens of other por- tions of Australasia. The Federal Bill has not passed yet, but real federation is work ing its way in spite of dilatory Parliaments and hostile tariffs. If the stream of immi- gration from the neighbouring colonies continues, it is not unlikely that the impo- sition of a poll tax, such as is at present levied on Chinamen, may be asked for as against our Australasian neighbours. Honourable members of the Legislative Assembly are asking for a lawn tennis court and bowling green, to be prepared for their delectation at the expense of the country. What next will they require? Already has a considerate country provided them with a free library and a well equipped billiard-room, where they can retire while Mr. Mirams and the bores of the House are "orating." Stationery and stamps ad libitum are provided by a grate- ful country, in addition to a yearly stipend. Possibly the next demand of our legisla tors will be for a gymnasium, a cricket ground, and a racecourse. The appetite for amusement, like other appetites, ap parently grows by what it feeds on, and our legislators are fed fat of gratis plea sures. Have they not periodical invita tions to dinner at Government House? Are there not marine excursions got up for their benefit ? Are not the State railways laid under contribution to minister to their love of country trips ? Yet apparently they have not enough of cheap pleasure, and like Oliver Twist are "asking for more." Undoubtedly " all work and no play makes Jack a dullboy." But no one will accuse our Parliamentary Jacks of working too hard, and thus earning their recreation. Were they properly to perform the duties which the country looks for, and for which they are paid, no one would grudge them any reasonable relaxation. Indeed, it is quite on the cards that a grateful and appreciative community would not only gladly grant the tennis court and bowling green asked for by Messrs. I'Intyre and Co., but give them the skittle alley and free malt liquor into the bargain, which are said to be the climax of mundane hap piness. November 30. 