"OUR SCOLTISH ANCESTORS." This was ihe title of a lecture given in the St Andrew's Presbyteriau church, Xarra street, last evening by the JRev Alexander S. Houston, of Batesford. The JRev Mr Baird occupied the cbair, and there was a moderate attendance. The lecturer after being intro duced by the chairman, gave a description of the outlines of the Scottish character. lie theu furnished short aud interesting sketches of. some of the most prominent names mentioned iu the history of that country. Mr Houston throughout showed himself a master of the subject, aud oue who had an intimate acquaintance with Scottish history, and a genuine appreciation of the many traits of Scottish character. The lecturer was at home in speaking of the wit of the Scot, aod delivered many anecdotes in a racy mauuer. The ancient superstitious tendencies of thenatiou weie also touched upon, aud Mr Houston said that these superstitious like the Scot himself died bard. Many amusing ghost stories and witchcraft anec dotes were given in a humorous way. The tiatural-hardopga -nd bravery of.fcbe eloquently sketched. ibe social customs were also spoken of. It had to be confessed that the Scot liked his whisky, but perhaps this was all the better for the world, for if he did not forget himself sometimes he would be altogether too mnch for his neighbors. The busiuess habits of the Scotchman were referred to. Canny, shrewd, careful, aud persevering he would succeed where many others would fail. It was an old saying " take a Scotchman as your porter aud he will end as your partner." A Scotchman could save where another would think it impossible, aud none could make a bargain better. But as a rule, though keen, he was sternly honest. The Scot was noted as much for his sterling independence and manliness as for his perseverance. The political life of the Scotchman was ardent. He was noted in this connection for the stubbornness of his resistance to anything in the shape of oppression. The religious nature of the Scotchman formed the keystone to his whole character. It might be harder to provoke a Scotchman to laughter aud his mirth might be less noisy and demonstrative than that of people dwelling in brighter skies. He might not see a joke so quickly | as au Irishman or an Englishman, but | when he did laugh, his laughter if not loud was deep. It was no meie rippling of the tongue; it ran all over the body, and downwards from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet; eyes, mouth, shoulders, 1 arms, legs and feet all laughed together. This again was typical of the Scotchman ; he never believed in doing things by halves. Throughout, the subject teemed with anec dotes of the most quaint aud expressive character, which were given by Mr Houston in a genuine Scottish style. The lecture was 1 interspersed with music. Mrs Ormoud C. Smith played the pianoforte solo "American 1 patrol march" and gave the song "Ear away" very nicely. Miss Grifiin rendered " Jessie's dream " expressively, and a duet, "All's well" was correctly snug by Mr Harry and Miss Webb. Miss M. Webb played the accompaniments. At the conclu sion a vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer aud those who had assisted musi cally, aud was carried by acclamation. 