TOPICS if THE TIH1. A Bush. Incident. Since that incident of the lost children in the Vic torian Wimmera bush was beaten out so thin as to cover the whole world with a veneer of Australian interest, many greater tragedies, more thrilling events, acts of nobler heroism, worthier perseverance, and far higher quality of romance have been permitted to pass unnoticed. The last of these and greatest in its appeal to the broad human interest comes as an item of most ordinary news from Tumut. Dropped in the /toiler cfroo m ivVii/tlt /^rtvitrnrnr/ia fmm oil n n nvf Aon pying about the same space and causing, apparently, about the same concern as a publicans' race meeting, a shearers' spree, a washing up of a battery or sluicing claim, is a story whose horror and significance exceed the tragedy of the Mignonette as much as the emotions of any general -human group exceed those of any individual. The story was told yesterday. It is very brief. A woman is left in a hut with five small children. Her husband is shearing at a station six miles away. The nearest neighbour lives four miles across the ranges. The laby becomes sick and the mother alarmed. She must get a doctor; she must reach her neighbour's, and ask the good man to ride into Tumut. It is nearly evening as she starts, the baby wrapped in her arms, Freddv the capable bush lad for company, and the dog for protection's sake. Poor dog ! And now it is impossible to understand what follows unless you know a little of the ranges. What picture does the word bring to you r Great I blue mountains, cut by gigantic chasms, ribbed and barred with iron rock ? It is not like that. Neither is it like the magnificent ridge, forest-swathed and snow-crowned, which Chevalier or Buvelot has shown to you. You may see a scrap of it in Johnston's picture, ' Off the Track,' in the National Gallery, Just a scrap of it — you must imagine all the rest. Mile after mile of the. same dreary monotony, mile long wastes of box forests, aU the ground beneath strewn with dead leaves and broken twigs and whitened boughs ; occasionally a granite boulder protruding, and in the depth of each hollow a patch of fiat with long brown grass and a waterhole, black and foetid before the rain, brown and turgid after ; tracks also without end. No doubt about the right track through the first hour. The ironbark ridge appears- as it should, and beyond it the purple head of Kosciusko, or the darkening mass of the Kiandra mountains. Yes, theyare growing dark, and the sun is setting ; but it cannot be far to the neighbour's. There are three tracks now — one to the old sawyers' camp, the other to the deserted lead. This must be the one; there is a fresh horse-track on it. Hurry along 1 The dog bounds barking ahead and trees a possum. Freddy would like to climb and chop him out. No time now. Baby whines so piteously. Hush, baby ! Hurry ! hurry ! Ah ! there goes the sun. The mother can feel something like certain hope passing out of her soul as the last yellow glare rises from the tree tops, and like an actual blessed presence steals up the hill side and away — ah, whither ? Whither, indeed ! Here are more tracks, more and more. Where should the mountain be, where the ironbark ridge ? There are clouds rising, there is no mountain to be seen. The day is going ; the night comes — so swift, 'so sad, so strange. Do you know how it comes ? I will let an other speak, for I know I myself can never speak so well: — 'The grotesque and distorted trees, huddled here and there together in the gloom like whispering conspirators ; the little open fiats encircled by boul ders which seem the forgotten altars of some unholy worship ; the white, bare, and ghastly gums gleaming momentarily amid the deeper shades of the forest ; the lonely pools begirt with shivering reeds, and haunted by the melancholy bittern only ; the rifted and draggled creek bed, which seems violently gouged out of the lacerated earth bv some savage convulsion of nature ; the silent and solitary placeB where a few blasted trees crowd together like withered witches, who, brooding on some deed of blood, have been suddenly stricken horror- stiff — riding through this nightmare landscape a whirr of wings and a harsh cry disturb you from time to time ; hideous and mocking laughter peals above and about you; and huge gray ghosts, with little red eyes, hop away with gigantic but noiseless bounds You shake your bridle, the mare lengthens her stride, the tree trunks run into one another, the leaves make overhead a continu ous curtain, the earth reels out beneath you like a strip of gray cloth spun by a furiously flying loom, j the air strikes your face sharply, the bush, always I gray and colourless, parts before you and closes be hind you like a fog. You lose yourself in the prevail ing indecision of sound and colour. Yo*i become drunk with the wine of the night, and, losing your individuality, sweep onward on a flying phantom, in a land of shadows.' But not so to the poor woman. The nieht to her brings desolation, horror, despair. The clouds have covered all the stars. The wind sighs, sobs, howls. The chatter of the 'possums is hushed. There are no more noises of bouncing, startling feet. Only the curlew shrieks louder and louder, and the little voice at her heart moans in a lower, lower tone. The rain comes with a hiss, the storm with a crash. The little boy huddles in her skirts ; the boughs creak above ; the whole voice of the forest roars. Ah, night and storm and darkness, ye are wondrous cruel. The rain falls and falls and penetrates, the cruel storm is freezing her, and still the baby moans and the little boy shivers and sleeps, he is so tired. She must sit still till morning. She has been told so. Always sit still and wait for the sunrise. Sunrise comes— the blessed sun ! How it lights the wet gum leaves ! how it makes every quartz pebble sparkle ! how the sweet balsamic odours of all the scrub blos soms come out and scent the air. Baby is very still. Open out the wet 6hawl and let the dear, the blessed sun shine on her also. Yes, but baby wakes, and still moaningly. Some mysterious pain, that masters all the mother's craft. We must find the doctor. Come, Freddy. No ; no breakfast. Ah, that is good, Rover. It must be that track. On and on and on. And how hot the sun gr owe ; how different from the genial, the gentle heat of the first low rays. Gar ments are steaming, poor limbs are trem bling now, strength is waning with every step, and baby cries louder. It is not the wail of pain, it is a natural cry ; baby is better — is hungry. Sit down, poor Freddy ; we will feed baby now. * * * * * 0 I know no chapter in the history of this world dis closing a keener anguish than must have been endured by that mother as she put the parched lips of her re covering infant to her breast, and knew that the life source was dried. I can imagine no higher act of real strong, true, womanly heroism than the killing of the poor dog and the attempt to revive the fainting child with its blood. I can picture no deeper despair than followed the failure of that true maternal effort — the watching of the closing eyes, the stiffening limbs. And now where is the Australian painter who grumbles despondingly that his art is not appreciated, or who growls that the dreary monotonous bush yields him no inspiration ? Show me that poor woman with the dead child clasped to her breast, the wearied boy at her skirts, hurrying, hurrying on. There is nothing ®n your gallery walls, there is nothing in the galleries of the world, to excel the possibilities of the scene. Show me the sentiment of the second night* when every voice, every sound became personified, when curlews calling and night owls hooting, and iiidepus vermin jabbering in the trees, became spirits, ;hoste, ghouls, longing to snatch that dead cold burden whose lowest moan would now -be sweetest music that human lips could make. Is your canvas of Lenore, your thrilling presentation of Burger's, ballad, horrible, ghastly, weird ? There was far mote in the bush that night. And what when Freddy could walk no more, when hunger had ceased to gnaw and utter weariness op pressed him ; when by tbe side of the waterhole filled by the recent rain she laid the dead baby down and saw Freddy sink to sleep, and herself hurried on again, so weak, so footsore, but so full of motherhood that she could not, would not yield. On through another night, another dawn, another weary day, and in the afternoon, more blessed sight than ever greeted woman's eyes, a blue whiff of smoke — sure sign of some human companionship — yes, a hut. «**?** The starving lad wearily watching and plying his gum-leaf fan about the dead baby has a bald and ghastly horror. I would hot dwell upon it. I would concentrate all interest upon the strong, true, suffering motherhood. I would claim for it attention — re- cognition. I would mark the episode, not because it satisfies a desire to sup full of horror, but because it punctuates the dull drivel of our daily life with an appeal no less to honest admiration than to common and general interest. 