The Iiast of the Crusaders. It was in the Soudan that I first saw, o my amazement, the mail armour of the Middle Ages actually in use. Whether original or a copy, it was undoubtedly the dress of the Crusaders. The hauberk of mail was fastened round the body by the baltan, and formed a complete covering from head to foot. The long, two- banded, double-edged 6word was worn between the leg and the saddle. This appears to me an additional proof that this chain armor actually came from the Saracens, who stripped it from the bodies of slain or captured knights. The wearer of thiB mediasval garb was Sheikh Mohammed Sebekh, of the Hadawin tribe of Bagarra Arabs. I asked him where be had got his armor. He replied that it had been in his family for years. I may add the horse's head was encased in steel, and its body covered with a quilt thick enough to turn a spear. It. was ehaped like the armor one reads of in Froigsart. The man rode fully seven- teen stone, being over six feet high. The first time I met him was on tbe occasion of our first night alarm. It was moonlight, though cloudy. Hearing a bugle sound, I rushed out of my tent, and was as much astounded as though I had seen tbe ghost of my great-grandfather. In front of me was the apparition of a knight clad in full armor, lance in hand and sword on thigh. I rubbed my eyes and thought I was dreaming. But the spectre vanished not; and in truth proved to be an actual flesh and blood knight of the Soudan, temp, nineteenth century. How is it we find these " knights" clad in Crusaders' armor here, far in the interior of Africa ? The garb of ancient chivalry lingered in Spain after it had been discarded by the rest of £urope. It vanished with tbe publication of Cervantes' famous satirical romance, and seems to have crossed the Straits of Gibraltar; but who would ever have thought of going to the White Nile to find a modern representative of thw knifthts of old ?—With Hicks Pasha in the Soudan," by Colonel the HON J. COI BOBNE. 