A WESTERN LANDLORD. A Story by Mary Hartwell Catherwood Author of "Craque of Doom" "Old Cavern Days" etc and numerous serials and stories in Wide-Awake, Lippincott's, Harpers' etc. A young village doctor is a young village doctor, whether he carries a medicine case in the year 1835, or a pair of pill-bags in 1857 But all young doctors are not as large and white and full of vigorous blood as Brother- ton was. lnstead of his usual pill-bags, how- ever, he held a well-stuffed carpet- sack in his hand as the hack rumbled with him into Millport. The whole snowy country was steaped in moonlight, whioh threw back a cold, knife-like glitter from the ice over Sugar Creek. The shadow of a flour-mill fell over the hack as it jogged across the bridge, and no light appeared in the post-office where-the mail bag ought to be delivered. It was after 10 o'clock. ' Tho vehicle stopped midway of tho one long street, at oneo tho county rosd and Millport's spinal column, and Brotherton alighted with his carpet-bag, exchanging a word with the hack driver. This half-asleep and waathor-hardaned be ing thon bumped ahoad over frozen mud to tho tavern which appeared to lia direotly hugging tho north pole, for ouch timber ns inulosed Millport opened thero upon bound less white prairie. In thoeo railruadless days Chicago seemed nearly as remote an China to tbo inland Illinoiiau. Brotherion jumped a glar.ed mud loveoand mounten that ubpaved path used by tho vil lagers as a side walk. Jt -led directly 'noroBS a drug stora porch, upon which ho paused, rapping .hard at tho door. In timo a light appeared through the window, showing candy jars and.mcdiuino bottles thero dimly displayed behind the fretwork of frost; then a- tjrdy hand unfastened tho door, a man's voies growling ill tha timo on the other sido of it. Brotherton slipped into a druggy atmos-: phero and 6liook hands with hia red-headed, fr,t partner, who, acting as if tranced by sleep, refastoncd the door and took up a tin caadle stiok covered 'with stalagmites of anoient. tallow. ? - . . ?' Lsffe your folks well ?' .. ' V . 'Yes, quito. well; You didn't aspect ma to-night, did you?' . ? ; ' Yes,' yawned tho partner, ' I'vo ex pected you every eight. Wo never know when that hack will get in any mora.' ' It broke into a slew this side of the Bed Tumi) tuvorii,' said Brotherton, ' and I thought for a ooupla of honra^wo'd hava to. leave it there and ride the horses in,' ' You look like you'd been prying a hook out of a slew,' observed 'hi partner lowering his candlestick toward Br»therton's muddied and frozen trowseru. ' Well, old Vesuvius is red hot.' \- ' Blessqd bo tho devil that tends her fires,' esid Brotherton. 'Now, Doo., now.,' remonstrated the red headed man, using the Western abbreviation, which! elieara away a physiuian's dignity. Ho piloted a track betwixt clustering chairs, left just as tho town loafers wo're wont to leave them when breaking up daily and nightly court-,, to a Btova at the rear of tha store. Though muddy heel marks and tha stain3 of many mouths showed uucleansed upon its oylinder Burfaee, it glowed like a red roea from within, and Brotherton threw off over coat, hut and glovoa upon a counter and aban doued himsoli to its heat. In n secluded oorner near the stove appeared the louuga-bod whioh his partner had just vacated. A simi lar lair in the 6'pposito corner invited the doctor's weary bones at'tsr o thir'ty-milo jolt across tne sweep ot prairie wind. ' It argues well for our decency that we retain a little bit of it when wo bunk about so liko dogs, don't it E-iish?' ho observed with a laugh, using a villaga diminutive for Horatio which Hamlet in all hia musings never hit upon. . ' You're just back from them flesh-pot'a of luxury tha preacher talks about,' responded tho druggist. ' You'd turn up your nose now on oysters oookod in the can and o't out of the whito mortar.' 'No. I wouldn't,' declared Brotherton, promptly. ' So- if you've got somo in tho digging and want a single' bite yourself, put on two cans to simmer.' 'Now, listen to that : for extravagance,' observed tho partner, taking up tha oandlo and going forward in tho store. Theu ho knocked sawdust from a tin oblong, out tha top open with hia pooketknifa, and readied bobind tho ipecac j-ir for. a bundle of crackers. Tho crackers ho brought and spread open for Brotherton to munch at, whilo tho . oan of oysters thawed and then began to look and sputter upon the stove, . y .. . . 'Pepper and salt and a liunk of butter right up there in tlia whito mortar,' he sug gested. Brotherton hitnsolf lifted tha whita mortar down and blew &' little dust off its rim. ' Don't ba bo particular,' urged Secrist. ' I thought it might be tartar emotio,' ex plained tho doctor. 'But you'ro too good a housolteepor to oorvo mo that way, Seonat. Just aa I ooma back, too.' 'Woll, now, Doo., toll tho truth,', urged tho fat man, strotching himself : in a olioir at the other sido of the stove and glimmering at his friend through half shut eyes. ' When you oomo book from mvil-i-zation to a god forsakon plaoo like this, don't -you think you'ro nmkmf a fool of yourself ?' ' No, I don't,' rejoined Brotherton. Ho was sitting on tlio counter beside Ilia garments, and hia long, strong legs dangled' well toward tho floor. - 'This is exporienoa. I liko oxporionco, and I don't liko hanging by the oyolida. A man can bo hardening himself hero while ho would oollapso to nothing waiting forpraatioo in a city. It ls'nt such a god-forsakon place, either.' - , . . 'A row down at Peg-leg's whisky shop every Saturday night; - Mud and slush up to your ovos in wmtor. Aguo all fall.' ' That auitama,' said Brotherton. Seorist oncorod on : ? - ? . ? ? 'Preaolnng only onoo a month in tho ecbool-huusB ut oarly;qaridlo-lighting.'. ' There isn't a Christian in town that bears that privation bettor than you do,' laughed tho doctor. ' 0, I aiu't oaying . the ruffianly gang in this neighborhood isn't good enough for mo,'- chuckled tho druggist. ' I'm only wondering how a fellow of your stamp oan stand ili.' ' Wnat's happeued now/' \- 'Nothing,' replied. tha druggist briefly, as he went to & froirt counter aud got a' piece .of wrapping papor for tho purpose of luting the hot oan. ' Here ; hold yonr bowl.' ' Won't, you hava i soma yourself, Eaish ? Tho old tumbler will hold thorn if you givo it a steam bath first;' - . ('No, I d rather havo some sleep.' ' You'ro. not going to bunk down without I telling mo all tha news ? ' . No,'-fiaid the fat 'man, slowly.' ' What nans could wo scaro up, de you leokon, though, in tlio j two weoka- you've been gone?' ' ' / ? ' But youwew GtiMUing' p.bou&mQianly; gs»!gi. Ti-.cro haven't been any horse thieves .through ?' ' Secrist uttered a uogafivo grunt, sitting on tho sidu of bio couoVi. . '1 wan orily thinking o! old Iliram Dixpn.'1 ' No one has killed him ? ' '! No, responded SeoriEt, 'with n dicsutisfied snuille. ' .V1;--'' ? ' ' I Imo'w it's yonr silent;- oeasaless. petition that somebody; will kill, hiin,' .ohuoklal tho doctor, .dipping up his oysters from :.tbu whito mortar with a broken-handled pewter spoon. ' Eaiflby^Chcio arc a comfoit in : iidverail'y; You better havo.romu.' ' Evsiy'jcdy says ho killed a . mail- onoo;''. continued H-eiiat, leaning forward and rest ing his arms on his kncca. ' Ruby' Stirling's husband and him went north together, and Stirling never '.van rem alive afterwards.' ' Yes, I'vo heard.you tell that story a do7.cn times,' said Brotherton, applying himself to his soup with, tho zeot of .an hungry man. ' But ituby , doesn't beliovo' it., Stirling's, body web found wlioia oild lintamperod with at a hotel. Heart.disease, congestion, a man's misuse of. himself that fools don|t know how to descrifco with a name. And if yoti men suspected Dixon why didn't you haul him up beforo tho courts and investigate?' .; *: 'It was talked of,' replied Seorist, despond- ? cntly. 'But ho iiad his explanations ready. Old man Bixon is smart.' : ' ' Kuby's well, is sho ?' ';. . ' Aa Brotherton made this inquiry he throw a quick side glsnca at his parluer. ' I thought I hosrd fiomebody_ knock,' said, tha drugp.iot, tnrning hia head in hia palma and listening. .. Tho tiro whispered. Without the frosty wind swept over village and Avood and loot it self in tho vastnesa of tho prairio. Tliero was o sudden Fqnnaland scampering in tha wall behind Brolliorton., .' 'It's nothing but that old rat,' said ho. 'You'll let that old rat live to Bee his child ren's children to tho last generation, before you n give him a button. . . ?'I wish somobody'd give me a button that'd mako me sleep to-night,' exclaimed tho drug gist. ' I ain't shut my eyoD since dusk.' ' ? ' You were so drowsy you could hardly open tha door,' declared tha doctor. ? ' I was pratendin' to ba oasy.bn you, like,'- explained his partner, painfully. Jeromo, there has oomething happened sinca you went nwav.' -. ???????.- ' What? 'exclaimed Brotherton, fooling hia temples expaud -with largo pulaa beats. 'It isn't anything about old Hiram Dixon— or lluby ? ' , ??? ' - ' Was you in downright earnest about hor, Jeromo 1 ' ..'I intend to marry her, that's all,' an swered' the doctor, antagonism coming to the front- In his face.;' ' Doo., -EnbyB dead.' ' She isn't I ' exclaimed Brotherton, leap ing up. ' Dot)., slio's dead.' / Automatically Brothc-rtpn rubbed bis finger - .through tho rings which 'his soup' bowl made upon the counter. Ruby's delicate aquiline faco, flushed tho color of a bluah rose, filled his vision. Ho did not believe it was now clay white ; that her innocent mouth wsb set in death. Hn cud not upbraid his partner for suppressiisg tho news. Thero wero ao means by which Secrist oould havo. roaohed him' more quickly unless ho tmd driven out to, meet tho hack. Searist'a voice, proceeding 'in recital, grow in volumo.upon hia ear. 'v 'Blamo old Hi Dixon's pioturel He would have put her in tho ground twelve hours after if it hadn't bsen for her Aunt Euby Aari.and the neighbors.' Brotherton grated his naita against the wooden counter. ' Whan did sho Uio ? ' ' A Friday morning fiva days Ego. X said you ought to of beon hero all along,' pro nounced Seorist impressively, gazing, with commiseration at the pallid young rnan. ' They say is-was like this : She was ? playing with littlo Nats and tossisc tin a ball. When tho ball went into the rav sho was aliva and well, and whon it touched iho ilooreba was a dead woman. Doo, tuo aoltfr didn't go out of her cheiikd and aha stayed warm. -Shay put hor batweon feather bedc, and all tho other doctors in town tried chsir best to bring her to, but it wasn't no ueo. I don't believe they knew what it wae.' 11 Sue hasn't been ? 1 ' demanded Broth erton quiolily, coming forward und setting his foot on tho pedestal of tho stove. The boot leather smoked, and he watched, it aa if his hopes wero exhaling iu tha smoke, ' No, not yet. But old Hiram 'Dixon says he won t keep -her any longer tbau early to morrow foroiioon. *Ko say's liu kept her longer now than anybody ovar was kept in Millport.'- ' Ho won't havo a funeral while thera'3 tho slightest'doubt,' .- 'No, ha won't hava any' mora funeral than ho can holp. Ile'il just pon ncr in the ground and bo dona with it. He's helping dig tha grave to-night to save, expense, and sv nico easy job they havo of it tho way- the ground's froze. The women say ha got tha cheapest aoflin that coul»! be bought,' continued Secrist, dropping his foots lilts, pebbles into Brother ton's boiimg mind. 'Ituov's boy will oomo into hia hands now. And by tlio timo that boy is 21 years old, n Hiram Dixon .hasn't tha rest' of Stirling's property besides what disappeared when Stirling died, then I -ain't acquainted, with Hiram Dixon. It'a most all in land, aud easy to trustea out of the hamls of u minor heir. I ll go up with you, Doo.'. _ ' No, you go to bed and sleep,' replied the doctor, .who having muftlid himself,- was changing medicines in his pill bags' for others ou tho.shelveB.,,. ....' 'I'll go up with you,' said tho fat man, -bringing forth hia own garments. ' You'll hava a tussle with old Hiram. If iie'sduglier grave and she isn't dead he'll bury, licr any-. havi.' ? . '. ' Tha wind blow out of tho norln liko inobilo ?and invisible 100. ; Sscrist tied his red wooden comforter: in anothor 'knot .under his chin. Beforo spme bouHos lay a narrow, frosty board ua cauaowuy, and aoross this thoy walked siogly to avoid tha rough, frozen inud. A hut .of lugs, pponing by a latoh-string, and a weather-hoarded domioila, with tha door at tho roar, wero oloae neighbours. There were t wo oi three briok houass of soma protensippa, inalpsed by. 'palings,; arid a barred and ailfint goneral storo; which . m daylight divided patronage with one -at - tlio othor end ,of . tlio village. On riBiiig , ground stood the -tavern ; a halting- place:, where . the traveller might braes himeolf. for tho bleak ride northward. How many ti cutting day had BrothertouHakeu to .'that riarrow.road in his jumper, his horsa breasting an unstirred ocean .of enow. ? Than, however, he carried cosy, warm thoughts within his wraps and fura, whioh kept him oxhilaratod. - To-night the north iroad waa the bleakest track ho had over Eoou, Wanderers on tha prairie would ;ba; sure to :peri8h:; or,; Bhbuld.;tli8y' osctipo; ', what comfort could thoy find in to-morrow, anyhow? Opposite tho tavern, across a small ravine, -and upon a lull stood tiho largest housa in the town. A road ourved around it and crawled down into tho dark woods. It was, however, tha meanest-looking house in tho towu, its sizo.only omphasizing its dilapidation. . Tha i hoar frost tried vainly to ornameut with ail vei- plating eertaiu anoieiit ? garment3 bulging ; through buolteh panes, the orazy naho rattled, and 1 oo-so, unplanted woathor-boarding clappcd jresponsively. - -j- facorist and tlia ilootot, waiting lor ndmia aion befora stops on whioh thoy daro not | stand both at om:a, hoard the wind howling through this fiollow mansion aa if its -vacant | cliambern wero built only for tha't jiurposo. Brotherton'B oliief winh had been to take Eaby out of! thin plaea into o home of hin own making., Sho wr.a still so much a littlo girl that he nfiver realized lic-r widowhood on hor ?maturity. Hor child seemed ti young brother whom ho - would adopt for loyq, of hor. It forever puzzled .him that a creaturo like Buby, naturally refined and alivo'to every thing beautiful, ishouid be cast in her -lot and bound*- to tho : people who ' held her. Tbo heredity - which -gave dark-eyed, daughters with childish hands and feet and living eouln ?to Mrs. ' Dixon'q liko could not lie accounted for by medioil soience.' . Mrs. -Dixon, was still afoot and let tha young liien into lior iinfnrniahed hall. Naked atair-steps and gaunt b»nniat8Z9, against which, their '-shadows wero thrown by tho moon;.Boemcd to welcome them as congenial ghosts. ? : One disiouraged candla burned in the sqiiaro room whero. most- of the living waa done, and whero dying was to bo oonsum moted ; for thora in tho corner etood tha marble-liko oblong of Bheet3 stretohed over the tops of obitirs, conoealing what was helll haneath them upou tho aooling board. Near '- by, j also - upheld by two chairs, waitod a : blaok: cofiln, bulging near tho head, but narrowing towards the foot. A 'strong ahudder darted through tha dootor at this sight, which must havo been eo common to bitn. Two other women wore watching with Euby. One of them, tho landlady of tlio tavern, cams forward ' to meet her two boarders; and shook hands with tho doctor. She was capable and portly,. and talked in a boarsa whisper. ' Being tho dead girl's Aunt Euby Ann, sho waa thero to command. Mrs. Dixon eat down in a remotn corner with her aun-bennet ovar her eyes. Sbo was a very tWn. creatnre, having calico garments wisich hung'upon her. Tha enntemporary world seldom .' caught her featurua on account of this immovable nuabonuot, and it was be lieved she would- dio without naving ever fully shown her face. ' She was not deaf, yet when Bho made ono of her scant remarks she shouted it, and people shouted to hor in re turn.. The major- part of her time waa evidently spent in meditation, and Having Hiratn Dixon for her Becond husband was deamed a sufficient excuse for this. Aunt, Ruby Ann put a splint-bottomed chair and the ono rocker before a sooted and eave-liko fireplace where soma green sticks were weeping upon rusty fire-dogo. Tho dootor set bis pill-bags and hat upon tho aphnt-botcomed ohair, and tho landlady understanding him, took np tba candle. During- their confarenca hor voice never rose above tho hoarae whisper proper to tho oceaaton. ' Did you git word ? ' sha inquired. 'Not until Sscrist told ma, after I got out of tho hack.' ' ' - 'I am glad you'ro on hand, for he's r'arin' around to bury her whether or no.' She cast a loak of contempt at her. sister who could; keep a husband m no better, subjection than Hiraui Dixon waa kept.' ' I give her up, and thon agin' I go and try once mora', with i feathers under lier viosa and n looking glass held to her mouth. ; I can mighty near sea a dimness on tlio glosa, and yet I ain't 'sura of that, neither.' Seeing that Brotherton. did. not liit tho cor ner of tho sheot-soreophagus. Aunt, Euby Ann .roisod it herself, exposing littlo Euby by tho. yallow tongue of. tho oanale. Sbrouds were juat passing out of usa then, so Euby was clad in~ her best dress of thin, blue!; silk, tha 6lceve3 flowing away from her elbows and leaving her arms protected by muslin undor aleeyea. . A broad ooliar oi needlework- waa turned down well towards hor shoulders and fastened at her throat by a mighty brown and whita oamao pin. Her delieatA faca was not yet pinaliod or sunken, its ununnal whiteness seeming merely to dse.pen tha darkness of her hr.ir. Tha minute bluo tracory of her eyelid veins and tho network on hGr temples caught tha gaze of ona who studied her. A eug^eatioa of colour like auroral light ap peared upon her lip's and cheeks. . '. / ? ' Shu looks nat'ral, don't she, Dso?' whia-. pered tho landlady with emphatio hoarse ness. ? ? 'Yes,' replied Brotherton, getting. down unon his knaes and applying hia ear to her chsst and bear . ^'Sho didn't ray which nor t'other, but down Bho tumbled,' shouted Mrs'. Dixon from' her cornoiy turning tho mouth of hor sun bonnet upward from a trance of meditation., and having discharged this' conversational ball she again lowered it3 muzzle. Brotherton nnd tha landlady held a con ference which ended iu muoh trampling . on the .naked floor and some shifting of tha mean furmturs, at-whinh his partner and the neighbour, assisted. Mrs. Dixon aat silent, and f aw her daughter's body transferred to a table, with a pail ot ? water baskla it, and tha doctor's morocco eiso of instrumental glitter ing beneath the fueble'oandla light. Sienat poked tha fire and kept his faco strictly ohimnaywaid. - At the taole long pauses alternated with whispers and eban«es\ol position. Water onoasionallv dripped on tha floor. Mra. Dixon cnuld behold Brntliertou's haggard ex prtn^ion, and tho quick gesture with which' tha-back of his hand rubbed moieturc from his forelioad. * . . ' Threa doctors has give her up,' oho shouted, and cg,»in dropped her sunboniiet mouth, leaving tha faot.to hit its mark. Thera waB a oloolt Sorewcd to tho wall; with pineapple shaped weights hanging by chains. It had the piteous air of draining its own viscera, - and wa3 altogether Buoh an incom plete block, as tho master of Bllch 8 . houso might deairo; but its . iron hands kept pneo with timo, and thay indicated that Brother ton had bean experimenting moro than an hour when tha pat of naked feet became irregularly distract on tha naked stairs, and :? thb sittiiig-room door was thrown open so ' wide as to bump against Mr. Dixon's -knees. ' What did yon git up for, Nate?' whis pered tho landlady, moating him and lifting him to sit on tho curve of hor arm. Tho child was in alinsey-dreGS, under which scant drap ing ho cuddlejj hio legs, while ho sqarobed the group around tha tablo with large, dark oyes -and bogan to whimper. ' Hor and Nate was tossin' the ball together und singm' Lord Lovel,' shouted Mrs. Dixon. She bent her eunbonnoted head once more and sat motionlesa, aa if waiting to bo re loaded. The landlady turned her faca from tha tablo and carried him around {o tha doctor. ' How do yon do, Nate ? said Brotherton, taking ono of hiB ague-tinted claws and kiBB ing it. . 'I want my maw, wopt out Nate, putfting up his trembling under-lip, ' Call her,' said Brotherton, taking tho child upon hia own arm. 'Maw, 0, maw I' called Nate. ' 0, I'm afraid upstairs alone. Make hor wake, Docker B'utterton I' Tne young man moved' ono ono of Euby's j armB. j ' If you can't rousa her, Nate, she's beyond tho reach of lovo and despair. Call her again.' ; Doo., Doo. 1' .remonstrated tho landlady^ ' If you not him to taliin' on wo naver will git him peacafied again.' ' And out of her boaonj grew a red, red, rose, and out of hio'n grow a briar,' shouted, Nib, Dixon. Hor knuea being again threatened by the oponlng door, eho draw herself together | aa if collapsing. It was an old man who oama in. Ho fired the glaio to blua goggles irpon tho table. Hia ? iron groy hair met with fron-grey hoard upon his check-bonca and foymerd a cbaggy etirtain reaohing his Bhouldcra. ba if su'nl rain nn^ many 'seasons' woa'r ivul not dons thoic worsft for his ancient and ill-favourod clothiDg, ha was freshly ghfced with frozon miid stirfns, end hia dark paws were yellowed by clay quite to tha frayed coat fleevo. Slint.fingt.ha door oo that a ri'-ap&aaiva; ehuddor ran through the who!) house1, hu demanded at onca : ' Who's amsddlin' with that eiirj^o ?' - 'The Stat» of Illinora,' replied Seerlat from tbo firo place. ,. ' The State of Illinois can get out of my \ house then,' sahl tho old man, wagging hia. V houTV shag. ' I don't keep a medical college.' 'Hiram Dixon,' spoko out tlia landlady, ' ain't you willin' every means should bS tTied to seo if life's left in Eaby ?'' 'I mi,' said the druggist, 'and I'm tha eonstable.' ' You can't bury her to-morrow, Mr Dixon,' said Brotherton. '? I am not ready to pro nounce her dead.' ' I'll bury her to-morrow as suro as tho r.uu riaca,' said old Hiram Dixon. ' And'l knowed you couldn't tell a dead woman from - a live ouo.' Ho came forward in his usual stooped and ~ stiffened posture, and. Nate, with one arm around tho doctor's' nook, watched him fear- . fully. ' I'll bury her to-morrow, and I'll fasten her up in her noflin now, to keep meddlers out. And I'll set on it liio rest oi the time, if no thing else'll do.' ' Hiram Dison, ara you possessed ?' oried out Buby's aunt. ' Let him alone,' said tho dootorH whitening through his lips, ' only use that Bhe'a ruovod decently.' ' Keep your dirty, clayey hands off, than,' dictated the landlady, ' and let Seekers and Boo. Smith's wifo and mo p,^.- her in.' 'Thoy grew and tbey p.row to tho church steeple top, aud there tliey conlda't ^et no higher,' Bhouted JIt-3. Dixon, aiming her quotation at the ceiling ever tho head?, oi hor UiEcerdant inmates. Whatever emotion eha felt, at seeiug her daughter's body plaaed in it': loit receptacte was concealed within tho muzzle of tho 3unbonnet and mado no cx pl«sive escape. ' Nov; I hopo you'ra said Aunt Euby Ann to tho old mas, beginning to weep and wring her nose between her thumb and ono iiDger, when tha lass crackling fold of Buby's drspary waa laid straight. 'IE thoy'va all, even to Boa. Brotherton, giva her up, I s'posa I'll havo to.' ' I'll ba satisfied when tne screws la druv to place,' replied Hiram Dixen, fitting tha lid with such callous exactness that Bhe felt hersolf impelled to add with bitiag censure : 'I believe you'd lilta to havo Nate in there, too,' ? Tho old man looked up, nnd his spectacles in tha dim light seemed to flame uka wolf ayes. Ha waa exasperated to a point beyond his endurance, and Nate's lineey dress was wrthin easy reach, One of tho boy's bare feet clenched a round of tho ohair whioh supported Enby'a head, aa hs lifted himself up to loo!? down at her; ' I'll put him in,' Band old Hiram, grabbing tho boy, and instantly tho shinglea oil tha roor seemed . rent by Nate's shriek-to hia - mother. Somo mnfflsiJ sound mingled with the noise ha made, and tho doctor being first to reauh him waa.thei first to sea Eubylp open1 eyes. ? : . ' Ho was holding-her child under ono of hi» arraa and lifting her heajl with tha other, whon Mrs. Dixon fired off tho eoacluaioa of that doggeral ballad with which her mind has been so heavily charged .by Euby's lust icpo tition of it : ' And thero they entwined- in a huo lover's tmot for all t-ru'a' lovers' te admire, 'mil'e, 'miro ; for all trua lovora to admke.' \- Traditions of Ruby. Stirling's traiioQ still - linger, about J-Iillfiort. You may yet, hear how sho tried ,tu movo, bnt could, not; how Brotherton lot Hiram Dixon do hia worst ia order. to test the elfect'ol a' shock-, and how ho '? took hor away aiter their, .marriage, .keeping Hiram Dixon utterly liemote from herself and her son thenceforward. . A high stiiiool buildi-Bg; to-day oooupies, tho bill where tba old .house- etobd,- and Euby's unpleasant stepfather hoa lain for years froat- locked - and gra3s-bound,, in; tha outgrown grave-yard, his wifo — presumably with her sun boimot over hur eyes— beside him. Tho railroad-and talephone'connect Millpott with all tho world, aud: tha town, can hsrdly ba Iieva ouch ta'les told .pf ita''teirlyr, youth, U -'. ?? 