®kiHvm'$ tf oimuu. THE TWO BABIES. (From Harper** Young People.) The night before Christmas we had great fnp at our house filing ghost stories. Mr. Travers told about an awful ghost that used to live in an old house where one of Mr. Traver's friende lived. It was a tall, thin woman ghost, with her hair all down, and dressed in a white nightgown. She used to come into a room in the middle of the night witii a rope in her hand, and she would look all around until she found a good place to hang herself, and then she would put the rope round her neck and b^p iust as if she was dead, and the man that saw her would faint away, and when he woke up in the ronmipg she would be gone. One night a young man, who was a book agent, and wasnt afraid oi anything, slept in the haunted house. Well, in the middle of the night the ghost comes in, and looks around for a 'fl-iT to hantr herself to. The young man said, ' Good evening, ma'am. Going to hang yourself, I see. Let me help you.' So he helps the ghost put the rope around her neck ; but instead of hanging her, he ties the rope to the bed-post so §ue cant get away, and then he lights a lamp and reads to her oat of a book that he tells her every respectable ghost ought to buy. The ghost stood it a while, and then she begged and implored Mm to wop. So he kindly and affectionately pointed out to her that she had no rurht to t*o ami ham? herself in other people's houses, and that if she'd promise never to do it again he'd let her go, but if she didn't, he'd read the whole book to her. and it had more than a million pages. Well, the ghost promised, and the young Tna'n let her go, only he kept the rope, and nobody ever saw her again. Mr. Travers says he saw the rope hima^f, which proves that the story is true. [ went to bed pretty late that night and woke ap about 12 o'clock dreaming of ghosts. I wasn't a bit frightened, though I was a little nervous, just as Sue is «h.en she thinks she bears burglars ; but I was afraid mother might be frightened, so I thought I would go into her room and tell her it was all right, and nobody would hart her. . My little sister and the baby Bleep in the nrnii room with mother, and the first thing I saw was the baby hanging from the bead of my sister's bed* This almost frightened me, for I thought the baby had got up in the night and committed suicide. So I called mother as loud as I could, and she sat right np, holding another baby in her arms. This made ir»* sure that the baby frmj»nn.g to tiie bed-post was a ghost, and then I admit I was frightened. After a while I found that it was made of rubber, with a loud squeak in it, and was jn^artt. for a Christmas present. The rubber baby was just about the size of a real one, and I could hardly teU it from our real baby, only it made less noise. .Christmas morning we all hm? our DEgsentB, and h«J a- good time over them. My littlest, aster would take her baby to Church with her, only mother found it oat, and bid it . under her cloak, where it squeaked every time mother kneeled down or stood up. Mr. Martin ^t-tnft to ^inn^r Christmas Day, and spent the evening with us. He was very good- humoured, and brought me a .knife, and I forgave him everything, fie waa very pleasant to mother, and said he did so want to see the baby. After din'^r we all went into the parlour, where it was rather dark, for oue of the lamps didn't born very well till it was turned up. Mr. Martin dropped into a big chair, and eat very quiet, tH'ring, as he said, only I believe he was more than half asleep. Mother had gone upstairs to see the baby, but presently she came down, and said to Sue 'Where on earth is the baby? It isn't in the nursery, Susan ; do you know anything about it ?' Mr. Martin said, very politely, 'What's that ? Baby imaging ; pil find him for you.1' And with that Mr. Martin gets up and turns around, and gives a most dreadful yell. There was a baby lying on the chair just as still as if it was d-ad. Mr* Martin was sure that somebody had left our baby in the chair, and that he had sat on it and smashed it, and of course he supposed he would have to be hung, and that father and mother would be offended with him. Then mother and Sue they shrieked as if a mouse was after them, and rushed to pick the baby ap, and found that it was the rubber baby, and that it wasn't hurt a bit, except that the squeak was spoiled. Just then the nurse brought the real baby in out of the L-if/»hpn| and every body was happy again. That is, everybody but Mr. Martin. He got angry, and said he knew that it was one of that boy's infamous tricks, and he took his rubber baby in the chair, and I don't case what he says. Says the Qw*n*Uuuler ;— The well-known papaw tree [Carica papaya) which can be seen growing at all our farms and gardens ustended and despised, yet always healthy, ami tropical -looking with its large handsome leaves on u palm-like stem, and its curious clumps of fruit embracing this stem, has lately been honoured by an illustration in the G'onZ'iient'* Chrauide (London) with the re marks that, ' more important than the well known fact of its juice having the property of dissolving albumen and fibrine, and hence rendering tough meat tender, is the discovery tbat it is useful in cases of diphtheria : ' papain,' as the juice is called, has been used successfully to soften and loosen the mem braneous outgrowth from the skin of the tbroat which is attended with such fatal re sults in tbat disease. The important state ment is also made, on the authority of M. Volxexn, that fig leaves have similar proper ties.' 