SPORTING NOTES. By Newmarket. So far, the Autumb Meeting of the V.R.C. has been the most successful ever held at Flemington at the present ee&eon; of the year. This most be especially gratifyiDg to the eiub, seeing that the elements were not verv favourable. True, the. weather turned out particularly fine on St/Leger day, but in the morning it looked as if the afternoon would be anything but suitable for outdoor Bports. The meeting of the cracks, Com motion and Ig&luaj; in the SBeendon Stakes, was looked forward to eagerly by their respective admirers. The Brighton candidate, however, was decidedly off, and, moreover, was very lame. Commo tion, on the other hand, was in rare form, and the style in which he disposed of the Cop winner evoked hearty cheers from the spectators. Metal displayed a stood dash of toot for about a mile and three-quarters, and, considering that he was leading such dis tinguished opponents, he must be a eolt of more than average, ability. Moore was not particularly haid on Off Colour at the finish, bat I suppose that he thought that it was nc good punishing hie horae when he saw that Commotion had the race in hand. Verily, popularity hangs on a very slender thread, for, though Hales did not ride in anything like professional, or even- moderate amateor, form in the Ascot Vale Stakes, no allowance waB made for the faot that he had only just recovered from a jseVere illness, and a perfect volley of groans was uttered when the orach light weight returned to tbt weighing enclosure With Monte Cbristo. To those who were familiar with the relative merits of Mr. J, .White's pair, the victory of Uraila was by no means a surprise, for it ie well known that she could always heat the colt in their preparatory spins for the Mari- bynong Plate. This fact however, must not be taken per se as a reason for the defeat of Monte Ohristo, for I am satisfied that he has improved more in the interim than his stable companion. Though I am quite satisfied that Hales did his best to win, ftnd did not deserve the m'eeling demonstra tions accorded him by a public with whom be has been held in suchhigheatimationforaolong a time, I could not shot my eyes to the faot that the eolt was badly ridden. When in the enjoyment of good health, Hales is a most accomplished horseman, but, in common fairness to the public, who lay odds on a horse, it is only fair that jockeys should not ««u>n . : t-i . ouuvpa ona ui wiuou inure IB Ally UOUDS OX their pbysieal oapaoity to perform. On public form, the at. Leger quartet were not a very seleot lot, but Silver King proved himself a lot above -his opponents,, for he ran all over the shop during the first mile or so. Whether the son. of First /King approaches first- class could not be determined by his Leger essay, but a better line will be obtain able to any when there hi a probability of him measuring strides with Oommotion. The . Kingston party: made ho mistake with Coronet, who won the Newmarket Handio»p very easily, and landed his party a very large stake, about £4a,QQQ finding its way to the pockets of the followers of the stable. Just before the horses weigfcel in there was some talk of a protest being entered against Coronet for oros&irg; Sheet Anchor, bat nothing, was heard- officially about the ma' tar- Tbe Ghost ran well forward, but, like Sheet Anohor, was skid to have been interfered with oy the winner. The Australian pup day passed off very successfully. Mr, J. O Inglis, bo never, was- unfortunate in losing Breuda, wio fell at the second hurdle from home and broke her neck. At the time of 'the accident the mare was leading, and, if alf had gone well with her, she would no doubt have been up with the leaders at the finish. Hales made no mistake with Montge Qbristo in the Sires' Produce Stakes, and, keeping tbe eon of Chester at a pice pace from the start, he won very easily. " Always hack the rider more than the horse in an amateur raot" has borne !tt> be accepted as golden advice ; and, without wishing to reflect upon any of the gentleman jocks who were up in the Coiinthian on Thursday, I must Bay that those who backed Merry Thought and Achilles displayed go d judgment. The great uncertainty of horee- racing was once more illUBtrated in £he Australian Cap, for :the -favourite, who- went on t. nf. AOen moMen a a we wvvu WUipuuUUCa M RMUUt two miles, and mcished last. Beyond a feeling of disappointment, the defeat, of Coronet at first was regarded as only another instance of the instability of favourites, but gradually it came to be known that Coronet's collapse was oocasioned through the horae injuring his loins through slipping. Great difficulty was. experienced in getting the eon of St. Albans baok to his box, aud it ib thought doubtful if hp, will ever raoe again. My seleotion, Bingwqdd, ran splendidly, but though I was fortunktfe in tipping the vrinner,' it most be said that tke ez-huirdle taeer waa ably aseleted to orj bj pie qkilfal; riding" of Roberteon, ptbeet Anchor's perform ance in getting ? second in the .New market Handicap and Australian rinjp stamps him as a most versatile performer, and conclusively proves that his party made no mistake when they baoked the Tasmanian for both evbnts. lt is deridedlv an uriuBual thing at the jpteeerit day 'for a horse to fall in a; stefeplechase at Fleming- ton and then vfih, and Echo's per- formance on Thursday is not likely «o be forgotten, npr iii tbe second of Norven, In the Bourke Handicap. Masoofcfce displayed a rare: dash of fobt, »nAat one time it looked as if the grey marfi. Wpuld win, but ehfi euo- cumbed to St. John, who Is a full brother to Trump Toss. Several1 persons w re anxiously looking t ver the saddling paddock at Flemington on ! aturday in search of tbe Brighton rf pre sen tat! ve Salvo. 1 Fo-J'shyui, however, saddled the ton of fiotnr oe at tbe Riceuourse hotel to ceep him quiet and away from ths crowd. It is somewhat of a cotuoidetce that for ihtee yi'firi in soooession the last horse to arrive at the post for th Newmarket Handicap las turned out to be the winner. How does ihis circumstance agree with the proverb " Delays are dangerous." Quite a pleasant afternoon was experienced at Wyndham on Monday last, and, though the fields were small, considerable enjoyment appeared to be derived from the racing The attondanee was fairly good, but the gathering would have been mnoh larger only that Mon day was settling-day over the Newmarket Handicap and the other events decided at Flemington on Saturday. As is nsnal with tVerribee officials, the arrangements were well carried oat, and as the last event was run off by 5 o'clock, and the train was in readiness to make the retain journey, visitors lost no time in taking their seats in carriages, and, sharp to tbe appointed time, the " iron horse" drew away from the racecourse platform. Angler ret the ball going by winning the Selling Hurdle Race. Pe&coek;, one of the competitors in the race, struck me as an improving sort of customer, fox, after running all over the " shop" in the raoe, he came out in the Handicap Hurdle Race, end ran very well indeed until about a quarter of a mile from home. There seemed to he some donbt about tbe ability of Hesperidee to stay the distanoe in the Mambonrin Handicap, but she cut speculation short at the outset by going to the front at the start. and never giving her opponents a ehanoe. Indeed, she established such a commanding lead that it was generally echoed, " Bhe'll come baok to 'em before she gets six furlongs." Tbe friencs of Miles were very sanguine, hut the son of King of the Ring seemed unable to set on the hard ground, for he finished last. The up-country mare Royal Maid figured in the Hurdle Race, asd though she was hauled about a good deal during the raee, she won easily. Sir Charles won the Selling Race after a good finish with King Charles, and on being submitted to auction, was sold to Mr. C. F. Fraser dirt ohoap for £25. Mookra was thought to b8 a good thing for the Flying Handicap, but alas for hie backers, a better candidate turned up is the Taem&uian; horse Waverley, who won with a bit n hand. Capital entries have been received for the V.A.T.G. meeting to be run at Caulfield on Saturday next, the 14th inet ; and if the weather is favourable, the gathering ought to be very successful. Owners and trainers are reminded that entries for the Eleternwick Park meeting to be ran on St. Patrick's Day will be dne with tbe secretary, Mr. T. Haydon, on TneBday ncxt, the 10th inst C. Ivemy, who steered Welcome Jaok in the Australian Cup on Thursday, unfor tunately had his collar bone broken by tbe New Zealand representative falling at the river side. Goriolanus has been re-purchased during the week by the Messrs. Robinson, and the son of Tubal Cain will he transported from Oanlfield to Qaeenscliff. The Moonee Valley races passed off success fully on Tuesday. The afternoon proved beauti fully fine, and the raring was fairly interesting. Angler opened proceedings by winning the Hurdle Race from Canute, Defiance being third. The Trial Stakes fell to the favourite, Surprise, Orista and Warina making a good struggle for place honours. St. Law rence carried off the March Handicap, after a good race with IOU. The Railway Stakes proved an easy thing for Primus, and Our Visitors' Handicap resulted in an easy victory for Honora, the New South Wales filly Claudine being second, and Hopetown third. Before the starting of the Railway Stakes, Mr. Miller disposed of The Flyer, and the colt ran in his new owner's interests in the race, but failed to get nearer than third. An important sale of trotting stock, the property of Mr. J. J. Miller, was held on Tuesday by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., in conjunction with Mr. Stratford Strettle. Contractor and Honesty, Hie two well- known trotting stallions, were passed in. Mr. T. M. Cornow paid 200 guineas for Daisy Oliver 115 guineas for Molly Daly, and 70 guineas for Nell Gullan. Mr. H. K. Kerr paid 95 guineas for Surveyor. These were Hie highest prices. The other animals realised prices ranging from 5 to 90 guineas. S.Floyd,the cross ooontry riderontribnted in no small degree to the success of Coronet on Saturday. Floyd was commissioned to stand at the horse's side at the start in ease he should break away. The eon of St. Albans, however, stood perfectly still, and when the word was given to go. Floyd, at a most opportune moment, gave him a slap tinder Hie belly and another on the quarter, whioh sent the Kingston representative off like ft shot out of a gun. I understand that Floyd re- oeived £109 for each slap from the owners of the winner. 