Novelist. \- HIS ONE MISTAKE, '? By BERTHA M. OLAY. — o — — — .. rv;.^V CHAPTER XLVII.— (CosTiifUED.) ; r: Ho stopped quite abruptly before her, and ? he spoke so abruptly that both ladies looked quioklyatbim. . ?_ ' You will tiro yourself, Miss Derwent,' he .-said, kneeling there. Lot me give you a ..chair.' . ' Lady. Ethel detected the strange tone in his voice : Ailie thought only of the kindness . v which prompted tho words, and the face that i Bha raised to hia was beautiful in his passion ato love. ' - '.I could not fasten theso flowers if I were Bitting, Lord Oarsdale,' she replied, Bimply ; ' but indeed it does not fatiguo me. Iam : quite pleased to do it.' Can I. do nothing to help ?' he askod, im patiently ; and Lady Ethel believed that his ? imiiationee was oaused by his desire to take her back into the ball-room. Ailio thought the same. .' . ' I will not ba long,' sho said. 'I will be as quick as possible.' Lord Carsdalo had seen his young wife in attendance on his mother, and it had not oaueed him the least fooling of annoyance, but his sense of honor and justico was touched now. j . ' Thia is tho last leaf,' said Ailie, with a smile;?' and Lady Ethel, I think thia ar ? ' ; rangement even prettier than tho other.' They both felt some little surprise at sud ' denly seeing Lord Carsdale quit the room. He returned in a few minutes, bringing with him an ioe-oream. . : ' Pray take this, Misa Derwent,' ho said; ' you must-be tired.' Ailie was too much surprised even, to ., answer ; than the tender heart beat high with joy, and the sweet eyes grow dim with a rush of happy tears. 'Now, Lady Ethel,' he said, ' we Bhall be i.7:; ?' in time for our waltz yot.' / - ' ' The beautiful heiress murmured some words , ' of thanks to Ailie; but tho girl did not hoar her. Sho was lost in a maze of happy thoughts ; it seemed so wonderful to her that _ her husband should have been so solicitous for her— that he should have eared whether she was tired or not— that he should have ?;( troubled himself to bring hor refreshments ; it was so wonderful she oould not forget it. She stood thero with a happy brooding smile on her face ; the ico-croam seemed to her far . ?' , too precious even to be oaten, while Lady Ethel walked away, saying to Lord Oarsdale, with a gentle laugh : 'loan never understand whether you like Miss Derwent or not, you speak to her in such a tone of suppressed irritation always.' ???'. ? 'Do I? I do not intend it,' ho replied, \- oarelossly; but LadyEtliol's answer was: *. ' Yes ; your manner is not the same with hor as with othor people,' which was not / quite a pleasant speech for him to'hear. ? ? CHAPTER XLVIII. A WIFE'S HOPE. . If a beautiful woman sets to work to win a man's heart it is not often that she fails. ? Lady Ethol had made several mistakes that ovening ; for one thing, she had mistaken his _ impatience at seeing Ailie watohing for her for a desiro on his part to bo with hor, and ? perhaps with some littlo encouragement, some ? . few kind wordB from her, he would toll her so. : If ho had not liked hor he would have married before this, sho thought. His mother wanted him to marry ; the earl openly declared that tho one great wiBh of his life was to seo his son married ; so that there was no reason, no obstaolo, nothing to prevent it. Lady Ethol made herself very oharmingto him, ond Bhe was aiways irresistible ; the faot that she lnado herself more attractive, made it almost impossible for Lord Carsdalo to escape his fate. * ? Ho waltzed with her for tho third time, owning to himself that after all it was a species of delirium wliioh would soon bo over. I am tired,' Bhe said, looking np at him with a half -wistful glance. 'I have hardly stopped danoing since tho ball began ; I am . . tired, Lord Oarsdale.' Without a word ho took her through the brilliantly-lighted rooms, through the long, bright corridors, until thoy reached the pic turo- gallory ; it was woll lighted and fragrant with the breath of ohoico flowers. 'It is oool and pleasant here,' ho Baid ; ' rest awhile.' He placed her on ono of tho most comfort nblo lounging ohairs near tho largo western windows, from whenco alio oould soo the lovely silver moonlight as it lay on tho flowers. Sho hold a fan in her hand, with a jewelled handle, ono mado of tho white plumago of a beautiful ond rare tropical bird. lie took it from her hand and oxaminod it, ho asked lier Bomo trifling questions about it, and itsoomed to hor that ho was ill at ease. ' Thero was no ono elso in the gallery, al though it was often usod oil ball nights as a promenade, l'rom the distanco came the soft, sweot music, that, oven when most gay, lias in it a current of sadness. Tho marblo statues gleamed from the background of crimson, tho gorgeous pictures on the wall, th e jardinieres, with thoir costly flowers, all mado up a beau tiful scene. The magic of tho hour omboldehed hor. Sho raised her head, and, looking with sweot shyness at him, shesaid : ' Do you reniembor the last time wo danced together beforo you left England, Lord Oars dale ? ' She had asked the question suddenly. Sho saw his faco flush hotly, and a quiver of pain pass over it. Hor heart bea^ as slio saw it. ' He lovos mo,' sho said. ' ' Ho is 'not in different to mo, or ho would not look so.' ' Yes, I remember it, Lady Ethel,' ho re plied, in a low voice. ' Do you romembor that we walked down to tho sea ? Wo had a strango desire to say good-byo thero. 'Do you remember how tho stars shono and tho waves murmured on tho shore?' 'It is not likely that I should forget, Lady Ethol,' ho replied. 'Nor havo I forgotten,' sho continued; 'you said you should think of mo ovory time you saw tho sea. Havo you dono so ?' ' Yes, I havo,' ho replied, in a low, pained voice. ' You called mo your dream by tho sea. I should so muoli liko to ask you a question, Lord Oarsdale.' * 'Ask me anything you will, Lady Ethol,' be replied. She was silent for a moment ; her beautiful face drooped ; all the swoet, noble impulso of her womanhood rose in rebellion against tbo question Bhe was going to ask — but sho must know. She had waited for Cvo long yoars in suspense — loving him, and him alone — living for him, and him alone. Her faoo flushed, and ho saw her lips trembled. 'What is tho question, Lady Ethol?' ho asked. 'Surely you can have no foar over anything that you wish to say to me. We are old friends, tried friends, true friends.' ' I have no fear,' Bhe said, proudly. 'I want to aBk you thia question. You re member all that you said to me on that oven ing? I — I sit mi Id liko to ask you if you oare less for me now than you did then ?'_ She gained courage as sho went on. 'Do you like me more or less than you did then ?' 'There was a moment of terrible silence, during which it seemed to her she could hear the beating of her own heart. Thon in a low voico, he answered : ' For Heaven's sake do not ask mo suoh a question 1 I oannot answer it.' ' Why ? ' she asked, looking at him with olear, proud eyes. ' I oannot, and it tortures me. Perhaps, at some time later on ; but not now — not now.' There waa silence again for some minutes, during which sho beat baok her emotion with a strong hand. She said to herself that every thing in life was at stake for her now. 'I havo rested,' she said, in a calm voice, in which ho detected no trace of agitation. ' Shall wo go baok again ? They ore playing the ' Blue Danube,' and it is my favorite waltz ; we shall be in time for it.' He tried to imitate her self-command, her self- possession, but it was impossible ; his face in those few minutes seemed to have grown white and haggard. ' Lady Ethel,' ho said ' will you toll me why, during these five years, you have not married ? Will you toll mo ?' 'No,' she replied, ' that is !my secret ; it ooncorns no one. Let.us go ; the ' Blue Dan ube' i3 oalling us.' But it ia nono tho less true that though she looked the same as usual, though she talked to him and walked with an air of unconcern by his side, yet she never saw where she waa going, or hoard ono of his replies — there was a mist before her eyes, a rush as of many waters in hor oars, but sho never betrayed herself by oven one word or look. ' You will not toll me, Lady Ethel ?' ho said, as they entered the ball-room. ' I make tho same answer to you that you made to me, Lord Carsdalo— I cannot.' Then, looking at her, he understood it all better than if she had Bpoken. He read tho secret of her love, of her waiting, of her silonce ; he knew that ho was tho chosen love of her life; and, strong man, bravo soldier as he was, his lips turned white with pain. Ho under stood, and ho felt himself now face to face with the great difficulty' of his lifo. Yet, strange to say, it was the first time that he thought of Ailie without impatience. Some thing, that was neither irritation nor anger, stirred in his heart when he thought of hor— when ho remembered the fair face and tho golden head bowed in such sweet humility. ' I have made a strange, sad mistake in my life,' he said to himself ; ' the time has oomo when I must settle something or other.' It was almost a relief to him when Captain Moore claimed Lady Ethel and led her away ; ho longed to bo alone, but thero was no such luxury as solitude for tho heir of Bosonooth,' No sooner did Lady Waldrove bob that her son was disengaged than she led him to young ladies who had begun to consider themselves aggrieved because he had not danced with them. It was not until the greater part of the guests had disappeared that ho found ten minutes for himself ; then he went away to the littlo quadrangle, where orange trees grew in groat green vases. He sat down there with his favorite friend and confidante — a cigar. What was he to do ? He had bound him self for life, he had put love out of his power, and now he saw with tho clearest certainty that Lady Ethol loved him — that sho had wasted all theso yeara in the hope, or rather expectation, that he would make her his wife. What must he do 1 It seemed to' him that two courses lay open to him — either ho must toll Lady Ethel the truth and avow his love for his wife, or he must seek a legal separa tion from the girl who bore his name. Just as he reached this point in his thoughts, he heard a light footstep, and a gentle voice said; ' Lord Carsdale 1' The next moment two soft hands had olaspad liis, and, looking down, he saw the fair young face of his wife. She knelt on the green sward by his side. ' Do not bo angry with me,' she said, in a sweot, low voice. 'I will not stay ono moment, but I could not rest until I had been to thank you for your kindness.' Then with her warm, sweet lips she kissed the hand that she held in her own. ' What kindness,' ho ' said, too startled to remember to what sho alluded — ' what kind ness havo I shown you, poor ohild ?' 'A great deal,' she answered, raising hor faoo, so beautiful in its passionate lovo, to his. 'A great deal, Lord Carsdale. You interfered when you thought I waa tfced, and you brought mo an ice-cream. Do you know that ico- oream seemed to me far too precious to cat. I oould not make up my mind to touch it. I could not rest oither without coming to thank you. Whon you speak kindly to mo, or look kindly at me, I feel as a flower mast feel whon the sun shines full on it. I have not tbres minutes to spare — Lady Waldrove will bo waiting for me.' 'Lord Carsdalo,' slio continued, ' you will not bo nngry if I toll you something— it ia but a foolish triflo. I havo hoard tho story of Patient Grisolda, and I could almost bcliovo that it wan written purposoly for mo— and I — you will not think mo vain or prosump tuous ?' ' I could never think you either, Ailio,' ho replied. ' A hope camo to mo ; I think that I lovo my husband juut as much as Grisolda loved hers, and I am quito Buro that I oould do as much for him.' Ho started ; it seemed so strange to him oven now, that ho should be hor huBband, whilo Lady Ethel loved him, and ho lovod her. ' I havo been wondoring and hoping whother, if I am patient ond loving as she waB, you will over loam to oare for mo. I must not wait to hoar your answor ; I only camo to thank you. You are not angry with mo?' ' No, I am not angry ; how oould I bo ?' Again the warm, swoot lips touched his hand, and the next momont she had left him as quiotly as she oamo. He stood up in des pair. ' Whore, from earth to heaven, am I to look for holp ?' he said. ' I oannot break that loving, gontlo heart. I oonnot always aot a lio; I seo no way out of tho diflioulty into which my own folly has plunged mo.' CHAPTER XLIX. ' no TOU LOVE ME.' Lord Carsdalo was tossed on tho sea of doubt ; ho Buffered more bitterly for this ono act of folly than somo people suffer for a ter rible sin ; ho could find no rest, no rcfugo for his thoughts, no comfort ; he stood a3 it wore, between two women, each young and tender of heart ; ono he loved dearly, tho other I had tho greatest of ? all claim3 on him. His heart was sorely troubled, his whole soul was distressed ; ho was at a loss what to do. He loved Lady Ethel, and, as was natural, hia lovo pleaded for hor ; he pitied his young wife, and pity pleaded for her. Ho was miserablo with his doubts and fears. Tho 'plan which seemed most foasible to him was that ho should get a divorce from his wife, a legal separation, and then marry Lady Ethel. Was such a separation possible ? Ho did not know. Ha had, as a matter of oourse, no charge whatever to bring against bis wife ; far from that, he had tho greatest esteem for her. Tho only possiblo grounds on which ho oould seek for a soparation would be that ho was married before he came of age, without the permission of his parents, and that tho marriage was in every way unsuit able. Thon he said to himsolf that tho very Bound of thoso reosons was absurd. Still ho would see what was the legal view of tho matter. He was perfectly ignorant of the law of marriage, only ho imagined that in tho exist ing stage of the marriage laws it was easy to got a divorce, or to procurc a legal separation, if it were desired. He did not quite know if he wished it. Ho did not like the idea of causing Ailio any pain ; ho could not boar to think of it; nor, on the other hand, did he like to think that Lady Ethel should suffer. Of the two thero was no doubt which he pre ferred — life with Lady Ethel would be one grand dream of delight; life with Ailie would — well, ho had not thought of it. His mar riage, that Quixotic aot of folly, was the one thing which of lata years he had so earnestly tried to forget. It seemed to him that the first and the most just action would be to see if his idea were really correct — it Lady Ethel really loved him. Yet how oould he find that out ? Her proud reserve of the othor evening showed him that sho would never give any sign of her lovo unless he asked for it. ? 'I must osk her if it bo true,' he said. 'Yet how can 1 ? — in what words ? She will think mo a ooxcomb. Still ic must bo done. I can decide on no plan, Bottle no action, ar range nothing, until I know whether she loves me.' Having formed somo kind of plan was a relief to his mind ; ho would wait his oppor tunity, and then quietly, without any pre amble, in brief words, he would ask Lady Ethel if she oared for him. With all his faults there was suoh a vein of straightfor ward earnestness in his aharactor that he saw nothing strange or singular in such a course of proceeding. He felt somewhat at ease. Just as he crossed the lawn, for he had been smoking in tho grounds, he met the earl, who asked him if he would join him in a ride round the park. A few minutes afterward Lord Carsdale entered the morning-room, where his mother, Lady Ethel, Lady Gertrudo, and Ailio were. He laid one of his riding-glovea on the table. 'I am one of the most unfortunate of men,' he said ; ' every button belonging to me comes off twice as often as those be longing to other mon. Seo, theso are both gone.' He laid the glove down upon the table. ' I will do it,' said Lady Ethel. But beforo Bhe oould reach it Ailie had raised the glove from the table. 'I have my work-box here,' she said, quiotly, going over to the little Btand on which tho box stood. Lady Ethol would have given anything to have Btitched tho button on the glovo for him, but thero was something in Ailie's mannor, in tho determined air with whioh slio took possession of it, that forbade all interference. No one had tho oourago to go to her and say : ' I will do that instead of you.' Lord Carsdale saw it, but said nothing. When it was neatly stitohed Ailio brought it back to him ; she never oven raised hor oyes to his as she gave it to him, so that any half formed suspioion in the mind of any one present soon died 'away — she had dono it to save them trouble thoy thought. But in Ailie's mind there waa a sense of quiet satis faction — sho had mended her husband's glovo and prevented her rival from doing it. Thon Lord Carsdale went off for his gallop, but more than onoe he looked at that glovo with thoughtful eyes. 'The same little incident dwelt in Lady Ethel's mind, and disquioted her, small as it was. Sho fancied that Lord Carsdale would think sho had not beon so quickly anxious to serve him as his mother's companion ; so that when he returned from his drive, Bhe was there to welcome him. Sho talked to him moro kindly than she had for somo days, and Ailio saw it all. She saw that her husband at first almoBt seemed to struggle against the oharm and fascination that tho young heiress evidently had for him, then that he yiolded to it ; and they spent the evening over some books and photographs. Whilo Ailie watched wfth a jealous heart, she showed no signs of it. Onoe or twice, when Lady Waldrove sent her with different messages to her son or Lady Ethol, Bhe de livered them with a smiling faco, and in her eyes no shadow of disoontont lay. Sho said to hersoll that it was quite certain that Patient Grisolda never looked cross or impatient — that if Bhe was to win her husband's heart at all, it must be by alwayB looking bright and cheerful, no matter what happoned. In her heart she felt it, and oho made no outward sign. She could not help seeing that Lady Ethel had a most supremo influence over her husband, and she was powerless to counteract it. Lord Carsdalo had deoidod upon a course of action, and he said to himsolf that now tho sooner he brought his oomplioatod matters to Bome kind of settlement tho belter. The first objeot ho had in view was to boo if he was right in his suspicion — if Lady Ethel really loved him ; tho Booond was, to tako legal ad vico and boo whether tho soparation was prac ticable or not — ho could think of no othor plan. As it was, throo people worounuttorably misorablo, throo people wore leading tho most unhappy lives; tho uuliappiness might bo lessoned. Ho wishod that it were possiblo. Oould ho have taken it all, he would willingly havo Buffered it to havo aeon La'dy Ethol and Ailio happy. Ho resolved that ovening to know something. The earl and oountess wero busy ovor a gamo at ecarfe. Tho visitors woro engaged oaoh ono in different fashion. Ho did not soo Ailio; bIio had left tho room. Thon ho took Lady Ethel to tho other end of the long draw ingroom, whero tho groat glass doors led to tho lighted conservatory. 'How beautiful tho flowers look,' sho said. Had any ono olso boon with hor sho would havo suggested that they should go through it ; as it was, sho refrained, and he did not mention it. Thoy stood at tho opon glass door, whero tho swoot breath of tho flowers camo to thom liko a fragrant messago, then he spoke. ' Lady Ethel,' ho said, ' your friendship and mine has beon a strango ono, so.unlike all others, that it justifies mo in asking what would otherwise bo a strangely insolent ques tion.' She looked up at him. ' No question of yours could over desorvo that name,' sho said. ' This will. I want to ask you, and I al most hate myself as I do so — I wont to ask you ? ' Then he paused. It seemed easier to dio thore than to aBk that question, whioh he oould not follow by an offer of marriago. Ho paused, and tho brave, handsome face grow white as death. She laid ono hand on his arm. 'You need not fear mo,' she said, gently; ' wo are, as you say, suoh old and true friends. I should not have thought that.thero waB any thing on earth you would havo feared to say to mo.' ' I would sooner face a regiment all with drawn swords than I would ask what I have to ask,' ho replied. 'Before I ask, will you forgive me, Lady Ethel ?' 'Yes,' she replied, quiotly; 'you know that I will.' 'Lady Ethel, tho question that I want to ask is this ; Do you love me ?' She made no answor, nnd he continued : ' If I could toll you all— if I could give you the history of the last five years — if I could tell you tho story of a — a terrible mistake, you would understand that no light, mean, or unworthy motive prompts me, but a terrible anxiety, the result of which is lifo or death. I havo no vain thought ; I ask yon tho question with tho gravest anxiety a man can feel. You aro too true and too noble a woman to rotuse mo an answer. Lady Ethel, do you love me?' ' I will answer as frankly as you hare asked,' Bhe roplied. ' Yes.' And then thero wa3 o lorn; silence; across the white, haggard pain of his faco came oven in that moment a gleam of rapturous delight ; yet, even in that moment, tho thought crossed his mind that if sho had said ' no,' he need not have broken Ailie's heart. ' Yes,' she repeated. ' 1 do not know your motive in asking me ; perhaps somo woman would have declined it, would havo said 1 no,' and saorified everything for pride. I am proud, but in owning that I lovo you I do not lose sight of this faot — that fivo years ago, whon oircumstances throw us together, you left nothing undone to win my love, and I have loved you over sinco.' Ho bent his head with a low murmur of pain. ' As you say,' she continued, ' I do not know oil ; I havo always thought that thero was somo mystery in your life — somo Btory whioh tho world did not know — you will tell it to me in your own good timo. Shall wo go back ? Lidy Waldrovo evidently thinks our tete-a-tete a long one.' ' May God pardon mo 1' he said. ' If I have not been wicked, I have been a reckless man.' They went baok again, and Lady Ethel, without another word, left blm ond joined a merry group just finishing a round game at cards. Lord Carsdale looked as he felt — un- happy. Ailiewasnotpresent. The countess called him to her. ' You have found something very interest ing to talk to Ethel about,' she said ; but, to hor surprise, he made her no laughing answer. ' I do not know that we have eithor of us been very muoh amused,' he roplied; and Lady Waldrove, seeing that he looked both dull and gloomy, said no more. (To be Continued.) Hilary's Husband. Hilary Btood leaning againat a rugged old oak just.outBide the farm-house gate, watch ing her lover as he drove away from her for ever. It waa a lonely road ; there were neither neighbors nor passers- by to peer curiously into her face, and Aaron nover once lookod round aa he went ; ulie need not have pressed back the tears so rosolutely. But she stood perfectly calm and still, looking fixedly down the road after tho retreating wheels, though feeling as if sho wero watching a hoarBe that boro oway her heart to burial in some far-away graveyard beyond roach of toars. When thollast flutter of dust had laid it self in the road behind the gig, like a sorrow momentarily lulled to Bleep, but ready to start into life at memory's first broatb, the girl raised her clasped hands abovo her head, and closed her oyes tightly as if to shut out the vision of tho long dull years to come, stretching themselves aimlessly into tho dis tance, empty, lovoless, and hard like tho blank road before hor. Then sho turned and walked steadily into tho bouse, and up tho narrow stairs into her aunt's room, and sat down by tbo bed, folding hor Blender hands in her lap, and looking down at tho invalid with tired grey oyes that seemed Buddenly to havo disoovered tbo ond of all things, and to know that henceforth thoy must ,alwaya look back instead of forward. The paralytic neither saw nor heard whon Hilary oamo in. Sho lay as sho had lain thoso many months, — past seeing, past boor ing, past Buffering, yet living still, though as utterly dead to her old lifo as had tho Be guiescat in pace alroady been written in let ters of marblo abovo her. For o long timo Hilary sat by tho bedside, absolutely motion less, save when Bho mechanically leaned for ward to brush a fly from her aunt's brow, or smooth away a crease in tho oountorpano, or straighten some small crookedness that un oonsciously arrested her oye. One's outward Benses are never so peculiarly alive to trifles as when a great orisiB o£ fato holds all tho spirit Bpell-bound. So now the various consecutive sounds of ovory-day farm-lifo atruck Bharply through to Hilary's brain, and sho roso obediently from her scat at the first stroke of tho bell ringing in the men from tho fields to thoir ovening meal. She lingered a moment boforo going down, to look ouriously at herBelf in the glass. No; this ohange that had como was all in hor lifo — not in herself. Thero wero no wrinkles amid the faint horizontal lines that crossed her forehead, no hollows in the smooth, pale cheeks, no faded threads in tho blonde braids that covered hor head in suoh profusion. Sho looked the same now as when sho had run down so blithely to bid hor lover weloomo only an hour before. Sho pressed , her thin, sweet lips together, and shook her head an if to feneo off memory, and then slowly descended to tho dining-room, whero Farmer Perkins and his wife, with whom alio and her aunt had boarded over since sho could remember, were already seated at tho table, which was set for four, and had that air of elaboration^about it whioh tablo3, like people, put on for an oxpeoted guest. _ ' Why, whoro'a Aaron?' anlted Mrs. Per kins, in evident disappointment. ' I made sure ho would stay, and opened a jar of my best strawberries, though young men aro that ignorant, I boliove he'd all as soon havo had orab-apples.' ' Ho oouldn't wait,' Hilary answered quietly, as she took her plaae and busied her self with hor napkin. 'Ho had o great doal to do.' Farmer Perkins raised hia bushy brows without lifting his oyes from his plato. ' Had ho, then ?' he said, with good-humored doubt. ' I'd bo''gIad of tho day when Aaron Johns had a deal to do.' ' Yes,' answered Hilary, lifting hor head with o desperato feeling that it was beat to got through tho worst at once. ' Ho had ao littlo time. Ho leaves to-night for tho West — for Omaha.' ' What 1' Tho exclamation came from Mrs. Perkins. Her husband merely suspended his opera tions with tho waffles, and stared at Hilary sideways. ' Yes,' sho oontinuod, in a perfectly quiet, unemotional voico. ' Ho said ho had failed long enough hero, and he was sure to got a start thero. It's a poor opening a young lawyor has in a littlo country town liko this, ho says.' ' IMght enough there,' assented the farmer, resuming his knifo and fork and appetite. ' We ain't so dishonest about hero yot, that many folks can earn a living swearing black ia white for us. He'll do a sight better in that lying country where he's going. Ha's a smart enough fellow too, is Aaron. Give him a start, and he'll not eomo in with the hindmost.' ' Well, I am took back,' said Mrs. Perkins slowly, quite forgetting to spread her bread in her surprise, absently oating the butter in little lumps off tho end of her knife, ao if test ing it. ' I oan't seem to settle down to it. Who'd have thought he'd go off so sudden, for all the world like a rocket beforo tho matoh is sot to it 1 And when is he eoming back to fetch you, Hilary ? ' ' He is not ooming back.' 'Notover? ' 'No.' The girl answered steadily enough, but her oyes foil. ' Hilary,' said Mrs Perkins solemnly, lean ing forward to look at her, with both olbowa on the table, ' you don't mean you've been keeping company with Aaron Johns this twelvemonth baok, for him to give jou the go-byo like that in tho end? ' ' Thero isn't any go-by about it,' replied Hilary quickly, a hot orimson spot coming to each cheek. ' We've broken with each other — that's all. He wanted me to go with him, and I wouldn't. How oould I leave aunt, when she's only me in all tho world to stay by her and close hor eyes decently when sho dies ? ' ' Come, come,' said Mrs. Perkins sympa thetically. ' I don't know as your church is stricter than ours, though it's truo Episcopals have queer notions ; but I do think thero oughtn't any religion to expect a yiung girl to let go so likely a fellow as Aaron, and tie herself down to a hulf-dead body liko yon poor, unknowing creature upstairs, that can't tell porridge from cider.' ' I don't tie myself to her,' Hilary an swered. ',God tied mo to hor when he left us two all alono in tho world, and I oan't un do a duty of God's making.' Thero was silonce for a time, during which Mrs. Perkins gazed fixedly at tho girl, occa sionally giving Bome tempting dish an abrupt push in her direction, and once going to the pantry to out off a slice of particularly suc cessful eleotion cake, which sho silently put on Hilary's plato, aa if wishing to offer Buch alleviations of destiny as were in her power. 'Don't you feol bad, Hilary?' she brus quely asked, at last. ' Very true, my dear,' said Mrs. Perkins approvingly, considerably cheered by the an swer. ' That's tho only propor way to take afflictions. That's just what I said myEelf when the black hen wouldn't set, and all tho eggs went addled. And I dare say there'll be some other young man along all aa good as Aaron, and a stay-at-home besides. There's Nathan Taylor, now. He's none so bad when you get uBed to his squint. Oh, you needn't think you've had your last chance yet, Hilary. Thero's many a hook slips a fish that lands its second eaay. Hilary shivered ever so slightly. ' There'll nover bo any one elso for me, Mrs. Perkins. Don't let's talk about it. Are you going to look over those currants to-night 1 Shall I holp you 2' ' Well, yes, if you liko,' answered the good woman briskly. 'Four hands is always better than two at a job, and there's nothing like picking over ourranta for diverting the mind. It'a the most distracting thing I know of. I set myself right to it tho night after my little Jim was buried, and it conaolod me wonderful. It waa really providential that he died in currant- time. I'll fetch 'em j right in.' They all left the table together, and the farmer took up hia straw hat from the ohair whare ho had thrown it upon entering, then turned baok awkwardly to lay a heavy hand ] on Hilary's shoulder. ' Hilary, my girl,' he said kindly, ' you're made of pretty doccnt Btuff. You'll do.' i By ton o'olook that night all apparent lifo had ocasod in tho littlo farm-houso. . Save in Hilary's room every light was out, and all but she wero sunk in the dreamless sleep of tho hard-working. But Hilary still sat by hor aunt's bed, lost in thought and taking no note of timo. At last she rose, with the look of ono who has como to some solemn decision, and, going to a tall chost of drawers that stood square and ungainly in a corner of tho room under tho sloping roof, she took out a white muslin dress that had lain thero undisturbed since her first and only ball, and which was still very fresh and unrumplod. Sho shook it oarofully out of ils ereasoa and laid it by whilo sho Bought lor various other dainty artioles of apparel, — her ono pair of sillt stockings and kid slippers, a white ribbon sash, a bit of rare old laoo, — and then, taking off her plain stuff dress, she proceeded to mako a fresh toilette from head to foot, even robraiding her heavy masses of hair and arranging them in a way that Buited hor bettor. Sho stood at last fully dressed in tho soft whito muslin, — very fair, very brido-liko. But something was still wanting. Brides wear veils. Ah, sho must borrow hers. That little Shetland Bhawl, soft as spun silk and cobwebby as lace, which had beon hor aunt's pride in bygono days, — what could belter fit her need? With trembling bands she un folded it from its many wrappers and threw it over her head, fastening it deftly bore and thero to her shining braids. It fell fleecy and light over her shoulders and floated far down . over her dross. It waa tho finishing touch. Surely all was complete now. But no ; did over bride go to tho altar without a flower upon her ? Hilary hesitated njci inBtant, then gathering her whito skirts closoly around her, with her long veil flung over one bare white arm, down she went, noiselessly as the ghost sho seemed, to the tiny hall below. She list ened anxiously. Had the oreaking woodon stairs botrayed her ? Thore was not o sound indoors save the old clook ticking weariedly in the corner, where it stood like a sentinel at his post wticg to bo relieved, Another step I and sho reaobed tho front door, slid baok tho bolt, lifted the latch, and passod out into tho dark and dowy garden. Hor heart beat high as she otolo softly down between tho shrubberies. Thero was but moonlight enough to- mako tho darkness visible, and to show hersolf a misty whito spot upon it, strango in the midst of strangeness, as if a cloud had fallen to earth and gathered a somblance of human shnpa in falling ; the rustling of tho leaves was as so many faint spirit-voioos asking in frightened whispors who and what sho was that had thus oomo among them ; the tan folt cold and un acoustomod beneath hor feet; the air was damp and heavy with too sweot odors ; bats flow low acrosB her pathway with ugly, flap ping wings, and her ears tinged with o thou sand littlesounds that she seemed nevorto havo heard beforo. It was a gruesome hour for a girl to bo out alono, but she kept steadily on her way, down between tho straight, Btiff flower-beds. Tho lilacs were long since dono blooming, and the lilies and the Byringas too. She thought of theso last with a sigh ; thoy would havo boon quite liko orange-blossoms. Thero wero plenty of white balsams and whito phlox and candytuft too, on either side ; but sho passed them swiftly by, nover pausing till she oamo to tho very end of the garden, whore a white rose-bush, laden with half-open buds, seemed to have bloomed purposely for this hour. Hilary broke off the flowers with haaty hands,— a few for her breast and a few for her hair were all she needed, — and thon, with an exultant thrill at her heart, Bhe turned and retraced her steps through the Utful moonlight and the mysterious shadows, that seemed to turn when she did, and to chase hor with gliding, dusky footsteps, as though loath to let bo fair a vision go. But the hoiiso was reached in safety, tho doors reclosed upon that strangely unfamiliar world of night outside, and Hilary stood once moro in her room beforo the glass, smiling a sad little smile of triumph at herself. Yes, it was all complete now. Thero lacked nothing save only some one to say that Bho was fair. Sho glanced shyly at her own image, ashamed of her involuntary pleasures in its sweetness, and turning away went to tho bod to bend down over tho poor invalid, who was no far ther from her now sleeping than waking, and Boftly kissed her forehead. 'Aunt,' sho murmured beneath her breath, ' I take you as my witness.' The oloclt in tho hall below struok eleven ; the lamp began to flicker and turn dim ; Hil ary saw she must not delay. From some hidden nook that held her choicest treasures she took out a daguerreo type and placed it open upon the table. It was the likeness of a good-humored, oturdy young fellow of about three and twenty, with a beardless face and honest blue eyes, and big, awkward hands, brought into bold relief againBt the uncomfortably fitting Sunday coat. It w.ao not altogether admirable as a work of art, but Hilary looked at it with loving eyes as she knelt by tho table in her bridal dra peries, and opening her prayer-book laid her right hand upon the picture and repeated aloud in a grave, hushed voice, firm with re solve and sweot with unutterable lovo : ' I, Hilary, tako thee, Aaron, to bo my wedded husband, to havo and to hold from this day forward, for better for worso, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love, cherish, and to obey, till death ua do part, ac cording to God's holy ordinance ; and thereto I give thee my troth. The strango rito was not ended yet. Should she not too wear a marriage symbol upon her hand, like all women who havo sworn thia vow ? Still on her knees, Hilary reaohed out for a spool of yellow silk in her basket, and, knotting a slender thread firmly about her wedding-finger, slipped over it a littlo ring whioh she had heretofore always worn on the other hand. Now sho felt wedded indeed, and bending forward she pressed her lips against tho unresponsive pictured face, blushing all over hotly in sweot ehame. ' And so the weird midnight ceremony came to an end, and Hilary rose, folded up her wedding garments one by one and laid them tenderly away for ever with tho whito roses that had scarcely yet lost their dew, returned the picture to its hiding-place, blew out the light, crept Bilently to her couch, and lay there motionless as the sleeping figure in the bed beyond, but with wide, bright eyea that refused to close, though all waa so dark and still. From that night a new life began for Hil ary—a life unshared by any, unknown to any, and of which the only outward sign waa that tiny silken thread upon her finger, which she replaced as often as it loosened or showed dim, and whioh, safoly hidden as it was be neath the littlo trumpery garnet ring, pro voked no manner of comment. Or if occa sionally it caught a curious oyo, her simplo answer — ' It is only to remember something by ' — was a quite . sufficient explanation. But everything was changed to hor from that night. Sho wore only the ribbons that he best liked her in ; every new gown was chosen ond fashioned wholly according to his taBte. Every Christmas, every birthday, alio worked him presents that none Baw save tho poor to whom she gave them in his stead.1 ' Aaron's handkerchiefs must be nearly worn out by now,' sho would say soberly to herself. ' I must hem him some more.' Or — ' Aaron'a shirts can surely bold no longer; I must make him another set. Hia wife must not neglect him.' And tho needy oreaturea who received her gifts littlo knew what pure and perfect lovo had aided in their making. Once a year upon her wedding anniversary, aa she oalled it in her thoughts, sho always mado a little feast to mark out the day from its uneventful fellows. Waa it not natural enough some timea to call a few frienda togothor ? And no ono thought of noticing that on thoso occa siona she invariably woro o bunoh of white roses at her breast. And so tho years went by. Tho poor old aunt quietly slipped away altogether out of tho lifo upon whioh Bhe had so slight o-hold ; tho farmer and his wife became old ond in 3rm, and upon Hilary, who had grown to be more daughter than guest in the house, now lovolved muoh of the real management of the aomestead. But who, seeing the quiet, niddle-aged woman moving methodically and prosaically about her work, slurring no lomely part of it, negleoting no wearisome lotail, would have guessed that sho hid suoh i bright fresh romance in her lioart, and was ilad of it and comforted by it through all the onely days, and through all the tedious lommonplaces of tho monotonous routine? laron JohnB had beon heard of but onee iinoe ho drove angrily away through the sun shine and tho dust, never turning to look oaclt at the girl who could bo lightly let him 50 ; and that once when Farmer PerkinB wrought home word from town that Aaron had ;ono on from Gmaha to Denver, and Bottled ihere, and had married a wife and was doing well. Hilary listened with no deepening of jolour, no quickening of her even pulees, but ivith a curious sense that Aaron had com mitted a crime, and that she was responsible tor his sin. But even that feeling wore off soon, and Aaron remained her droam hUBband still, lier secret counsel in omergen jieo, her daily director and helper and com iorter, while uho tried to think of him aa teeping pace with timo, and to imagine him jvery year with hair a littlo more gray, ond jyes a littlo less blue, and cheeks a littlo more lunkon and furrowed. ' I should know him inywhero if I saw him,' Bhe often said to herself. Of course ho would not recognize cue now; but my lovo has kept Btep with his changes, and he could not have grows away !rom it.' And ao tho years slipped softly by, until 1 one day Farmer Perkins returned from town bringing a wonderful bit of nows with him. ' Hilary,' ho said, an he sat down, resting the palaia of both hands on his knees, ond looking solemnly at her over hia apeotaolea, ' Aaron Johns is baok. He's pioked up ft tidy bit of monoy ,'and buried his wife out there, and now he's como on a visit to Bee how the old place looks. I told him he'd find you here the same as ever, only that the old aunt waa dead. Ho wanted to know special if Bhe wsa alive still. I always said ho was a smart fellow, was Aaron. I know he'd get on.' 'You don't mean Aaron's baok I' Mra. PerkinB exclaimed, all in o flutter of exoite ment at once. ' Now I shouldn't wonder if he'd really oomo for Hilary at laBt, and here she's been a-waiting ready to his hand all these years I' She went about all day aa if stunned, and when at laat word was brought her that Aaron was there and asking for her, ahe went to meet him like one walking in a dream, ' Ha will never know me,' ahe repeated to her solf. ' I have changed, and so of course haa ho ; yet I feel that I should know him any where.' And then ahe hoard a voice saying heartily, ' Why, she's positively not altered through all these twenty years I Hilary, I should hava known you the world over I' And raising her eyes shu '.aw a stronger standing looking at her, a large, stout man, with a bald head, and bushy, red-brown whiskers, and not a wrinklo anywhere on all his round, good-humored face. Was this Aaron? Waa it possible that this was he ? Not a look, not a tone, not a gesture seemed familiar ; even hia smile seemed strange. It came upon her liko o shook and took away hor breath. She could only give him her hand in silence. 'Yes, the very, very samel' he oried de lightedly. ' Nothing is changed. No one ia changed. The same place, the aame house,, the same people. It is as if the whole town had been sleeping an enchanted sleep. There are no improvements, no innovations, no alterations anywhere — not bo muoh as a sign board torn down. Everybody seems just to have become hie own grandfather. I oould swear I saw some of the very hats in the street to-day that I saw twenty years ago. It's delightful. You can't think how it resta a , man, after he has lived so long in the midst of perpetual newness and stir and ohange, to step back to some spot where time is at a standstill, and whero there is really nothing now under the sun. Should you hava known me, Hilary ? Forgive mo ; I could not call you by anything but the old namo.' ' She hasn't any othor hereabouts,' Baid the farmer, patting her shoulder affection ately. ' Our Hilary is Hilary to oil the townsfolk still, just as she was in her young days.' Sho has never outgrown her young days,' said Aaron, looking with pleased eye at the slim figure ond gentle, lovable faoo. 'Tima has stood moro still with her than with any thing else. But I'm afraid you haveforgotten me, Hilary.' She flushed deeply all over her delicate pala face, and her eyes dropped. 'No,' she answered, ' I have not^, But— but you do not seem the same.' ?And try as she would, through all the days, that followed, she could not think him back ' into his own place. Ho was a new Aaron al together, not the old Aaron whom she had so loved, and to whom she had been .'so faithful through tho years. She oould not get used to him. His preBenoo was a continuous shock to her, aa if his real and his imaginary self were always ot war with each other. This Aaron was too stout, too noisy, too careless, and in too exuberant good spirits. His clothes fitted him too well, and she missed the blue neoktie, and the limp collar, and tho big flapping silver chain. And ho carried silk handkerchiefs now, and wore shirta beyond anything her simple skill oould fashion. He was very nice, very pleasant ; aho found no fault with him aa he was ; it was only that he was not the Aaron of her dreams, And when one evening, aa he was bidding her good-bye, he oame nearer and said, gently, ' Hilary, will you go WeBt with me this time when I go baok?' Bhe trembled violently, and caught away her hand, looking up at him with eyes full of perplexity. ' Oh, Aaron, give me time, give me time,', she faltered. ' I do not know, — I oannot say, ' — let mo think,' She sat up late in hor own room that night, as Bhe had sat there once so many years be fore, thinking it all over with a disquiet heart. There wa3 no helpless form stretched on the bed beside her now. There was absolutely no one to keep her baok — nothing to. keep her from him. She had been true to him all these years ; she had shut out all other love from her heart because of that lost love of his; and now he had brought.it back to her to be hers, and hers always, if sho would. How could she do else than reaoh out to him the' hand that ahe had given him so many years ago ? She looked down at it, fingering the little gold thread nervously. Must she part with that ? Could any shining wedding ring evoi be dearer to her than that had been 2 It would be like unsaying an old vow, like casting off an old allegianoo, to take this - thread away. She went to her desk and took tho little daguerreotype from its hiding-plaoe. A faint odor of rose-leaves olung to it, like a tangible emanation from all the gentle and sweet associations with which it had enriched her life. A tranquilizing sense of peaoe stole over her as she looked down at the dear familiar faee that had smiled ahangelessly back at hor for so long. Oh, this was the real Aaron, — this was the Aaron to whom Bhe had given hor heart — this was the Aaron who had been with her till he had grown into every fibre of her being. How oould she be faithless to him now, giving herself away to that other and different Aaron who had so boldly come in to olaim hor ? ' Oh, no, no I ' she oried aloud, olasping the pioturo to hor heart with a sudden paroxysm of foolish tears; 'I oannot — I . _ cannot I Aaron, my dear pioture-love, you . , - have beon my all when I had no one else, and I will not give you up. This now Aaron is not the sumo, and if I took him in your plaoo, it would be like divoroing myself from you to marry him ; and I should misa you, oh, I should miss you till I died 1 ' And so, merely for sake of a dream whioh she could not banish, Hilary sent her lover away once more, and stood at the end of her story as at the beginning, watohing him as he drovo disconsolately down the road, knowing that sho should never see him again. But he turnod this time to wavo his hand to her iu friendly farewell, feeling vaguely, perhaps, that aho waa right after all, and that the Hilary he loved would cease to be the same transplanted to foreign Boil. And when he had disappeared and tho dust had settled quietly down behind him, Hilary turned with a smilo on her lips to re-enter the house. Farmer Perkins stood upon tho threshold, watohing her somewhat anxiously. She went up to -him and laid her hand upon his shotilder. ' Aaron is going baok to Denver to-morrow,' Bhe said, still smiling. 'And — I shall Btay behind again.' ' Hilary, my girl,' ' Baid the old man earnestly ' I've always said it, you'r made of pretty decent stuff, and' — he took off hiB spectacles and wiped them oarofully — 'and I ' think you'll do, Hilary — you'll do.' Grace Denio Litchfield, in the Century . 