The Miner's Partner. I? FOUR oHAPTErs .-OONCLUSION. Never before had Ben from mental excite ment-passed a sleepless night; his seasoned, iron'nerves had borne him through a multitude of perils-friin hostile Indians, from 'white enemies ; fbom the bear, the wolf, the snake ; -from fire and flood; and when the time had come for him to sleep, he slept soundly ; when his roughimeals were prepared, he ate well. But it was different now. The recollection of the face which confronted his own at the res taurant, haunted him, broke his sleep into fitful dozing, and filled these unrefreshing snatches with terrible dreams. Yet, when the bright morning came, he persuaded himself that he must have been mistaken-that he had exaggerated some chance resemblance into the identity of his dead partner. Ben's reflections touched upon what-was growing into another dreadful form of mental .;excitement. He began to fear that he had not seen the man at all, that it was merely a delu sion, a vision of the brain. And that such a delusion should take the form of Rube Steele was not surprising, bearing in mind the fact, which was never long absent from his thoughts, that he had given this man a blow which, if it had not, as he formerly supposed, caused the man's death, must have very nearly done so. No doubt the blow was struck in self-defence; 'but even murder in self-defence is not a thing which a man can in his calmer moments recall without some sense of remorse. He was early at the hotel, and tiMking his regular seat, waited with a nervous anxiety, such as he had rarely experienced before, the appearance of the stranger. He had not long to -wait. Almost as soon as he was seated, a ° figure entered the saloon which therq was no mistaking, and all Ben's consolatory theories as to a casual resemblance deceiving him fled on the instant. The stoop of the long body and neck, the crafty glance the man threw around on entering, his very step-these were 'all Rube Steele's; and to the dismay of Ben, the new-comer evidently glanced round the saloon in search of him, for the moment hesaw him, his face lighted up with a smile, and he came to the table. " " Glad to see you again !' said he, extending a hand which a horrible fascination :compelled Ben to seize and shake; but the familiarity of the touch was more horrible still.: He felt 'he knew for a certainty, he had touched that hand a thousand times.. [ :'?'thought'. niebbe you m~iade' tlhis your regular dining location," contiiiued the 'other; S: and I have kinder taken a'fancy to you." ::- "iideed !" i gisped. Ben, wondering - as to ,what would come-next :: : - Y" es, I have ;thit is so,'! replied the stran : ger, " I reckon you have not hbeen located in ::this city very long 1 .." . ..-. ,. s c'Not very long,' said Ben, who had not once removed his. eyes: from the :other's face. : I caime from': the West,-from the mining country. "Possible !" ejaculated the stsranger. ''Wal,. Snow,, I take a great initerest' inh the 'mining countries,:and like to hear tell of them.' Were you'from Californy or Nevady, or " . S " Froin' Colorado, gasped Ben, who almost, began to fancy that he was losing his senses, so certain was he that the man was Rube, and yet so inconsistent with this belief was the whole of his conversation; especially his liking for Ben, and his anxiety to hear of the mines. When they separated, it was with another 'shake of the hand, and a strongly expressed 'hope on the part of the stranger that 'they :i:t might meet again the next 'day. "Either the -:.critter is a ghost," thought Ben--" and in that -case there are ghosts-or I am going crazy; or ,he is Rube Steele; and I know that is impos sible. I woi't go to this hotel any-more; and soon as we get married, Rutfr/and. I will live out of the city?iand that is a comfort.'. - "' Fortified by this reflectioiin,, he was' able to 'i- bkruiisomewhat'better on this day, and 'to accept ,Mr. Showle's invitation with a calmer -' iiii'd.: He arrived early at the merchant's ,J hlouse:? :'Ruth came in soon afterwirds; and he' :1 ;-was pleased to see that she, too, looked more ,. cheerful. "Ruth' had relieved her mind, as "she confessed to Ben, by telling him her trouble ; a;,,and: now he knew it, she felt that the worst a was over. It was to avoid her half-brother, she owned, that she had wished Ben to- live so "far from town, -and as he had now really arrived, he was glad they had agreed upon this precaution. . * They . were conversing cheerfully, enough, o hei a knock'was heard at the outer door, and Mr. Showle, rising, 'exclaimed : "There is } Morede II know his knock. -Indeed, he takes care we shall hear him.-I am sure you will ,like him, Creelock, and he is very anxious to see you.--Ah, Mr. Morede I you are punctual \- :then I. Come in, and let'me introduce you to .our friend Creelock." Saying this, he shook .hands with the new arrival, 'and led him to Swhere Ben was standing.. " I think," said M. Morede, 'as he took Ben's hand with a sinile, "I am.not entirely a .stiranger to Mr. Creelock:. I have had the Spleasure of dining with him more than once at the Ocean House.' " " - ' .i:.Yes, hehind-; of course'i he had. Of course. .-he was not a stranger'to'Beni-far:from it, and SBen knew it well; for here was his mysterious Scompaniion at; dinner, .the new partner in .Showle and Bynnes, and Ruth's half-brother, iall-tirng out to.be not only one and the same P'ersooi but -ier6 also each and -every one i.Tiub ~teele' his treacherous partner, Whom he iha'd'lefi fordead in' Colo?ido! And why did -heanot irecognise Ben; as Bdn had recognised : hinx? Of allthe strange features in this be ':-wildering matter,.this was the strangest. -!: ;Ben' shook hands, 'as inn automaton might have done, and spoke as though in a trance; Sthe odd tone and characterof his replies, and his fixed stare, evidently attracting the notice IofiRuth and Mr. Showle. ; - . - - .. C ome, Creelock 1" cried the latter present l y ou? :?o& are not yourself to-night. i Where .are yourinn mng stories and your prairie adven -ties ! I liave been praising you all the time t'oour friend Morede here,: as a sort of live vol?ime of e'intertainment on these matters, and : yo are not saing a 3word' abouit them." . Mrf Shi wle is entitirely right; he is so," said a Morede-; ' a"idI recko6I shall' be quite pleased to sit aroiiud aid hear isomethin! about the western mines. I always do like to hear -tell of them::''., a ',,, "Do you ?" exclaimed Ben, rousing himself to. aspecies. of desperation, and resolving to 'bring this hbirible torture to a finish, "Shall I tell you an adventure of my own?"' ': ' "1 Just so," retirned Moredei with a pleasant si.nil. -' I should like it above all things." "Then," said Bean-and his answering smile * was of a somewhat grimmer character, in spite .of'himself, than Morede's had been-" then I \- will tell you how my pardner at the mines in troduiced a stranger, who robbedme of fifteen hundred dollars. This stranger came, I should tell you, with information about Indians bn the war-path who were likelyt6 be around our camp. But it was an arranged plot. He was a mean cuss, this stranger; he or his friends robbed the placers and broke the_stamp-mill. It was either him or my pardner that shot at me from a gully; and the buillet went through -my? iaitand cit away sonie of my hair. That was not the only time iiy-pardner got his des -peradoes to shoot at me; so:I will'tell you about him." ? •I: Thereupon, stimulated by the desperate im ,pulse we have alluded to, Ben proceeededto re liute a part of'the plot which had been devised :for his ruin by his crafty partner;. the irici dents a~ttendant on which greatly excited, aniid sdmetimes almost appalled his hearers, none among whom listened with more palpDable in terest than did Mr. Morede. Ben told all, up to the action of the Vigilantes, but could not bring himself to speak of the final scene at the pool; there was something too horrible in the idea of describing that to.his listeners. :When Ben. had finished, which he did by saying, '¶"What do you thiik' of that, MrT. Morede ?" sad looking 'his newv pa~tier straight in the f~ace, the latter exclaimed, in what seemed the most genuine manner? possible: "First-rate, Mr. Creeld6kcl'I adminire you. isee you have -the real grit; and-Iwvish!I had been there to iLelp you irsuch a fix.:- But, to my thinking, ,our prt?aier 'was the worse of the two.', \- "He was," said'Ben drily. "'And he ought to have lhad his reward," conitinuied Moreded' "' He had it," said Benj'iith iricreased dry ". o God lGood !" cried Morede; and. other commenti. being made the cohversation be M.. orede bore his part all thrbugh the evening withbist 'a single aIusioin whiici could induce .Ben tb suppose that he had the slightest re mintimbrance of him, or had ever before heard a ,syllable'relating to the dangerous stranger or -i!~ 2i *· -- - the robberies. When they parted for the night, too, he was particularly demonstrative in his friendliness to Creelock, making quite a "smart oration," as Mr. Showle afterwards re marked, on the agreeable evening hie had passed, and the pleasure it would give him to be associated in business, and 'as he hoped, in still closer relationship with a- main whom he admired and liked so much at first sight as .he did Mr. Creelock. Ben went home after this speech in doubt as to whether it was himself or every one around him that was going mad.; Day after day passed, and the new partners in the firm met frequently, with no diminution in the friendship which Mr. Morede had from the first professed for Ben. They did notmeet at the hotel, however; the strain. on Ben's nerves was bad enough when they met as part of a group. A tete-a-tete was more than he could stand with a man whom he believed to have killed, but who was now walking about as unconcernedly as though he had never been stretched by the side of the Colorado pool. So confounded had Ben been by the appari tion that he had never thought of asking the Christian name of Mr. Morede, and it came: upon him as a: new shock'when 'he received a note from the warehouse on-some businessmiiat ters signed "Rueben Morede," while he could have sworn to the handwriting in a court, of justice. This did not increase' his certainty, for it could admit of no increase; he was cer tain, and couild not go beyond that; but: it' seemed to make the position mbre dreadful and complicated. Now and'then, too, he would' find, if he turned quickly around, Mr. Morede gazingfixedly'upon him-an earnest gaze, as though he were striving to recall something to his memory; and. this was not agreeable to Oreelock. , He askeScluth, as guardedlyas possible, about her brother's past career; but she' knew nothing of it'since he had left home. He had gone West, she'knew; but he would: not now utter a syllable in ekplanation, or even say how he had been employed.: Beni could not press her very much upon the subject, as it was evi-` dently a painful one. His departure from nihomne had been causedhby somei:disgraceful, possibly, fatal broil-that was clear; so Ben forbore to question her. The day of his weddin .drew nigh. Ruth had left her 'school; `their homie:was so fari advanced in its improvements thatit i Would be quite ready by the time .they returned from their trip; and then--to: add still greater plea sure and eclat to thd' festivities-tli?e gallant energetic old gentleman Mr. 'Bynnes paidai' short visit to Cincinnati. Like the restless: 'Yankee he was,' he had already sold his new estate at a very considerable profit; so was now; at'seventy years.of age, looking out for some fresh investment for his dollars, and em ployment for his time. He had seen Benbefore leaving Cincinnati, and appeared to -like him more. The bluff, straightforward, perhaps rough. manner, which Creelock could never shake off, seemed to please the old man mightily, and he was never so happy aswwhen in :his company. Ben, with his nightmare always oppressing him, had asked a little about Reuben Morede, who he knew was a connec tioni of Mr. Bynnes.: But the latter was not communicative about the new partner, 'although' there'was a tantalising hesitation in. his 'man-: ner, which made Ben think he could a tale un-i fold did he choose. i Well, the wedding-day came ; and the simple ceremony performed in Mr. Showle's drawing room made Ben and Ruth 'man 'and wife. Then came what answers to the wedding-break. fast of the Britisher, and this was on a' scale, for variety and display, to put the old'country on its mettle, although'it was only given byan' American storekeeper. After the first part: 6of the feast was over, Mr. Bynnes got Ben by himself and insisted upon having a final' lass of champagne with him. ,:'"I know you have got just.the bestwife in the States," said the 'old gentlemai ;' "and'you are the kind of man to make a good husband, I can see. Ilfeel as glad to see little Ruth Alken happily settled: as if she was a gal of my own--I do. After all these years,'too, to think heir brother is going to' clear up and quit his'tricks ! I alivays liked the boy; but he has had some real. bad ways. You asked me about him, you know."' " Yes,' I did," said Ben. . "Wal, I'did not like to let out agen him," pursued Mr. Bynnes; "but it can't do harm now anyway, that I can see. He has been: mining in Colorado, and has been up to some queer tricks there. He was nigh killed by his" partner-he was ; that is so." "Nearly killed I" echoed Ben. "Ah I most oncommon nigh," said 'Mr. Bynnes. "Also he was nigh upon lynched by the Vigilantes. His partner found out that he was--Rube was, I mean--playing himi false, planninig to rob and perhaps murders him; so itis supposed from the mark on his head that he hit him down with some blunt instrument, possibly a club, and left him for dead at the mine. He was found lying by some of the miners, who carried him to'Flume city, and I heard all about it from the doctor who attended him. It is' a real extraordiiiary case. He re covered, as you see; but his memory from a certain time has entirely gone. ' His boyish days he remembers quite well; but does'not appear to have the least idea thfithe ever went to the mines or was ever injured. We have tried him in every way; but his inind is a'per fec blank. Strange, is it not ?' "Very stranrge," assented Ben, who, we need hardly say, was listening with breathless in terest.. "His brain is injured, no doubt,' continued the eldeir; "for his skull was fractured. The doctor says it is to he hoped that he will never recover his memory; for .if.he does, he will probably go mad, and do some more mischief before he dies.' It is a strange case.-Here we are Ijust :having, a friendly drink'at.parting.' This was in reply to .one or.two of the party who came to interrupt the lengthened gossip, and the conference was broken:up. Often, during his easterii tirip, did Ben recur to the strange storyhe -had-heard, and ofteni did he debate with himself whether or not he should tell his wife wihat he had learned; but he thought it better on the whole to be silent. It was with a"great feeling of relief however, that he.found; upon his return to Cincinnati that Morede was absent, having just left to accompany Mr. Bynnes:in his inspection of a property in Colorado. In about a'week atter this time, Mr. Showle received a letter from Mr. Bynnes announcing the alinmbostsiiddien death of Morede ' "And we had a bad time with him," said the writer. "'!Perhaps' it was becauise we calie to Colbrado that he all at once got:back hiA: mind; but whatever it was, he woke one morning like a 'fieid or a wild Indian. ' He iraved about the minestalked' of horrible things he had done saidthe rellows here would tremble even now at Rube St'ele's 'name; and we have found out :tiathbe, or somie onelike hmii, was lkiown in these parts as RUbe Steele, ayear or two back. GTell Mtr. Creelock, that he was frantic against him. I He was sensible enough in 'ther things; but he 'was 'always calling for his pistol, anid vowed that. he would shoot Ben Creelock on sight! Told me that Ben was the man who had broken his skull and had set the Vigilantes on his.friends. I tell you; Abel Showle, it was real' frightful,and we were all glad when he died;: though siy: heart' ached for himn when I recollected ;the bright,. clever boy he was; hiii mottiher's' oly sotii tob. But he is gone now;: and bad-a s'lier?iiy have been, I don't.think we will tell: Ruth of his later life, as'h'e lad calised ber a deal of misery,. and she don't need'to thinli any worse of him." * " ' The kindly, shrewd old n'erchant s advice'iras followed ; and Ruth Creelock,.although she did not feign passionate grief for the half-ibrother who had so injured 'all Who ouglht' to have been dear to him,. yeti spoke: of him with a softened fueingp,.which must have been changed had she known' o' the'deadly enmitywbichi once existed between'the dead mae and her husband. * For a simiilar case of lapsed memory, see Car penter's Mental t'hysiology, 4th edition, pp. 460-465.' 