NO ALTERNATIVE. BY THE AUTHOR OF 'DENIS DONNE,' &C.; CHAPTER IX. — MR. DEVENTSH SEES A GHOST ! (Continued.) * His name ? she interrupted, impatiently. ' Did you never hear his name ?' ' No ; I'll tell you how that was, for though it's Claude's secret, not mine. I can trust vou witn a runt ot it : Claude made a special re quest to me that I should never try to indentify the man ; he had been an intimate friend of Claude's ; in short, I more than half suspected tiiat he was a brother or some sort of relation to a girl who Claude was in love with. There was no object in paining my living friend, for die few who knew of the accusation against my dead brother knew also that it was a false one, and die poor wretch who had wronged him was punished enough already ; besides, just tiien die acheme of Claude's life was smashed up, and it wasn't at all die time to choose to oppose a single wish of his, was it ?' ' No,' she said hoarsely ; ' but I think I should have found out die man ; it would have been better if you had,' she went on wearily, ' because then in die white heat of your sorrow and anger you would have done ? ' ' Something rash that I should have re pented all my life long,' he interrupted. ' No, Miss Carlisle, it's better so ; no amount avenging would have brought the boy back, and Heaven knows the other one's conscience must be a sorer punishment than any that one of his fellow men could devise.' ' It's not better so,' she said- imperiously ; 'in white heat you would have done what was rash very likely, but what was right at die same time. But now when you find him out — and you will find him out one day — you'll be perplexed, hampered, fettered, bothered by a number of cenflicting feelings and circum stances, and you won't know how to act' She spoke in an earnest, excited tone, that showed him how thoroughly she had grasped all die conditions of die case, and flattered him into the belief that it was for his sake solely that she flung herself into die subject with such ardour. . ..\ ' If such a difficulty ever should arise,' he said with some emotion, ' I'll come to you for guidance ; I know you would advise me well.' ' For mercy's sake don't,' she stammered. ' Avoid me of all people ; indeed, it would be a very good tiling for you if you began avoid ing me tiiis minute.' He stared far a moment in wonder and annoyance at her capriciousness, tiien he saw that tears were dimming her eyes, and that her flexible mouth was quivering painfully, and he knew whatever the sentiment that had seized her and stung her into speech that it was real, and not assumed for die purpose merely of making him diink about her. -.'Avoid you ! that I'll never xlo! willingly,' he said in a low voice. ' You bad better, indeed, indeed you had,' she said, imploringly. ' Only misery will come of it if you go on seeing much of roe,' she wound up with a rush, and die colour swept over her face. But no man, looking into her brave, honest eyes as she said die words, could have misconstructed diem into a bold avowal, or a tempting suggestion. ' I have got to like you already, die mis chiefs done you see,' he said, half laughing, but die real genuine look of pain and perplex ity that crossed her face like a cloud checked anything like an exhibition ot mirth from him. ' Really, Miss Carlisle,' he remonstrated, 'you take impressions rather too deeply: you're saddened now into a belief that ever thing will go wrong all round, because you havebeen hearing a melancholy story. Claude was right I oughten't to have told you.' ' Claude was wrong she answered in a blaze of excitement ' I tell you Claude was more than wrong, he was -reak not to have told it to me before.' ' What do yo mean ?' «?! can't tell you yet; I may never tell, you, or I may say it all out to-morrow,' she said, panting. 'I don't know quite what I ought to do i for I i-n-,.- .; secret, Mr. Fcrrier. ' You. ! A szcedt 1' h«j said, looking .down in utter disbelief into her mobile face. ' Why you couldn't keep one for halt an hour ; your tongue wouldn't tell it perhaps, but I'd read anything off from your face within half an hour from die time of concealment set in with you.' 'Concealment set in with me about ten minutes ago,' she said, sadly, 'and here we are in the Dillsborough inedows ; no, you shall not cress die Leeth : let me keep my secret a little longer ; I really wish to go home alone, Mr. Ferrier ; I know when I tell you dlat, tilat you will let me*' ' Is there no appeal ?' ' None, none,' she said, impatiently. . ' I want to be alone with my secret ; do say good bye,' and she held her hand out to him. He saw that she really wanted him to be gone, and so he made no further protests against going. 'We haven't been much troubled by the cows, have we ?' he asked, smilingly. ' Nevertheless, I bless Mrs. Powers for her timely remembrance of your horrible dread of them ; good-bye ; I shall come and read your secret to-morrow.' ' Good-bye till to-morrow, arid when you have read my secret it will be good-bye for ever,' she replied, sadly. And then she crossed die Leeth homeward bound, and Jack Ferrier went back to die Court. Believing partly that it would please Claude, and feeling partly that he had no right to keep any part of ' diis business,' as he was begin ing to term it, from Claude, he exercised Claude's spirit terribly that evening at dinner by free and frank mention of his walk home, and of the companion thereof. But before Mrs. Powers he reserved statement of die fact of having told Haity about Frank. But when they were unfettered by her presence, when curling wreaths of smoke from their cigaretts made a hazy atmosphere arouud them in which it was easy to say anything, when all die relaxing influences of wine and night were upon them, Jack Ferrier spoke. ' I think I have found die right girl at last, Claude ; if Harty Carlisle really means as much as I do, as much as she seems to mean it, I shall ask you to be my best man very soon ;^ by the way, I told her about poor Frank's business, and I never saw a girl so cut up in my life ; she realised it all with terrible intensity.' ' Did she say anything, did she assign any reason for her excess of emotion ?' Claude asked, speaking coldly, though he was raging in his sout. His Harty ! bis own Harty ' seeming' to like another man so well, that die other man was justified in presuming she was ready to be his wife !' ' No, but it's easy enough to know why she was cut up, presupposing that she cares for me,' Jack Ferries said, wi\h anconscious con ceil ; ' she'd naturally be upset at the idea of my brother having died in that way. I showed her his likeness, too, and she really cried over it ; and said his eyes seemed to look at her re proachfully.' ' Let me look at Frank's likeness,' Claude said, stretching out his hand for it. He wanted to gain time, and something like command over himself before he spoke again about Harty. Jack Lfted up his chain, and saw that the locket was not there. ' She forgot to give it back to me,' he said, quietly, and ic tiiat forgetfulness of hers, and the matter-of-course way in which Jack Ferrier regarded it, Claude found ample themes for most miserable reflection. What intimacy was implied by it all, and what con fidence and full understanding And through all the pattern of his love thoughts ran one black thread of fear. 'Supposing Devenish sees and recognises it, what dien ? Poor Harty, poor little in nocent instrument of more misery and illfeel ing being worked.' Harty, meantime, had gone home, burdened with her recently acquired knowledged, and bitterly dubious as to what she should do with it. Had gone home to find Mabel sweetly, suavely describing the doings of the day to an audience diat was interested in spite of its sense of injury. Mr. Devenish was in his usual, place, stretched on die sofa, affecting to indorse his wife's openly avowed expressions of delight at her girls having 'a little pleasure now and then.' ' I used to be so fond of a shooting luncheon when I was a girl,' she was saying, jn tones of yearning, retrospective regrA for he lost delights of youth and 'long ago,' twhen Harty came in. ' ' Harty doesn't look as if she had enjoyed the shooting luncheon of to day,' Mr. Devenish said, promptly, fastening with lelight on a fair excuse for badgering the girl nrho had suffered die mast through him. [* Why is it, Harty, that you won't take the simple pleasures that come in your way as Mabel does ? Why cavil at fate ? I have :eased to do it, I have got used to unfair ? ' His assumption of injustice being dealt out :ohim by his fellow-creatures was too much 'or her in her present overwrought condition, she grew reckless, pitiless, careless even of ler mother in a moment 'The simple pleasure of to-day has been ioisoned to me by the sight of that,' she said, linging the open locket down on the table. And when Mrs. Devenish crowded forward to look at it, Mr. Devenish requested his wife to ' give him a sight of Harty's' last folly,' and, as she obeyed him he looked and saw a ghost ! He fell back among his cushions, crushed, smitten down, shaken out of his normal state -f exacting, seifpitying peevishness. 'Take t away !' he cried, feebly, ' keep it away. (Vhat devil brought it here ?' . ' I did,' Harty said ; and he flung die ocket from him as if it had bitten him. (To be Continued.) 