E7BKINGS AW) KOBHINflS IN 1 THE BtJSH. ' By "PeorarM." \- : [Bailed np by a flook of sheep—Bt. Paul *.. dead against a Latin. sermon or Mass— ,, An unexpected Greek Testament—The "gift of toDgnes"—The "interpretation * «f tongues"—Miss Stannery's blissful hignoranoe—The Clunaman at Mass.] BEFORE the Rev. Edward Stannery oould reply to my question we had come faoe to . faoe with a large flook of sheep, so densely !.• packed together across the whole width of the " road that the driver of the mail-oart was obliged to draw off to one side and rein np till the pattering, panting, bleating " mob" of moutotu had passed. They did not seem in any harry to let ns advance, many of them stopping to nibble at a 'tempting tuft of grass growing close in to the fenoe, and thus my landlord from Wool* ; cumfturifer was enabled to take observation of their brand and breed and fleeoe. They were 'all marked SW in cirole, and their ' dominant strain was Leioeeter crossed with • Spanish, and promised well for the next olfp. My landlord took the opportunity of Interrogating the driver oonoerning their ..,. ownership and destination, as if " Charley," , by virtne of his office, was expeoted to know . all about the proprietorship and peregrina- [ tions of every four-footed animal whioh we oasually enoonntered on the high way through the bush. "They're Wilson's ' sheep," said Oharleyj "and they're ohanging them from The Spun to the WeBt Swamp." We all then sat in silenoe after ' receiving this pieoe of nsefal information until some four or five thousand of the vellifioated: travellers had gone, discordantly protesting with loud bleatings against their vexatious removal from their native pastures on The Spun, where ^ they had been born and bred, to a run of whose herbage they knew nothing. When the tfoad was clear we resumed our Journey at Bn inoreaBed speed, to make np for the detention, and presently the Be v. Mr. Stahnery, turning round to me, "said: "Yon were asking me just now something about Paul's condemnation of the use of an unknown language in the worship of God." ".No," J replied, "I didn't say anything about " unknown" language, or about the ApoBtle'B condemnation of unknown tongues; I aBked; you what had the miraoulons gift of tpngnes conferred on the twelve apostles on the Day of Pentecost and bis remarks [1 Oorintlliana, xii. and adv.] to do with the .una of a Latin liturgy." "Paul" [the Bev. Ed., like so many Irotestant ministers \- of varions denominations, frequently omitted the epithet of " Saint" when speaking of the holy apostles]—" Panl oertainly oondemns .., the use of an unknown tongue or language in the jpubllo worship of God. That is quite clear on the faoe of the Epistle to the Corinthians." "{Now," I said, " I beg of you to'take notioe of what I am going on to say, and what the words of the Epistle will prove. I Bay that the holy Apostle Paul, in the chapter to wbioh you evidently refer, is sot at all speaking of iba worship of God. H© is speaking of a very different tiling. . The Apostle is not at all alluding to solemn or public prayers in time of divine service, consequently your view and exposition of the passage are utterly erroneous." "I wish, he .'said, "that I had a Bible hare, and you would soon find that it is you who are in error; lor the Apostle speaks of the congregation, and says that they eannot be edified or instructed if the mnaster shall \- apeak to them or pray with them in an unknown tongue. The Apostle deoidedly oondemns [praying or preaching in a tongue whioh . the people assembled cannot . understand, and therefore oaxmot join in it, nor know when to say Amen. I wish I had a Greek Testament here; it would confute you." "Have then thy wish," I said, •'here is a Greek Testament;" and at the same time I drew forth from a ride pocket of my top coat, whioh lay across my lap, a very neatly bound duodecimo volume, the gift of a dear Mend, which I was for some years in the habit of carrying with me, and had some - limbs rather astonished rash disputants accidentally met with in my highway and byway wanderings. " Here's the book, sir," I said, bowing politely and presenting it. He looked other disoonoerted, I thought, by the apparitionalBLnnexpeotedly starting out from its iniking place, and for a moment hesitated about taking hold of it. The oompany now seriously' affeoting our saholagtio honour, and my worthy landlord, whose general tattg froid was undeniable, began to watcih the progress of the debate, and eyed the pretty vellum-bound, gilt-edged, and gold-clasped Greek Testament With a curiosity and respect mioh as the landlord©! a fixBt-olaasbush hotel could be expe&ed; to manifest towards a book eo sacred, and yet BO email. "Ah," eaid Hhe Bev. Mr. 8tannery, "do you readGreek 1" He eaid this with the tone and look of .ope who would aeem to insinuate that I could not. "It is jgnito enough atpreeent," I replied, "if you «ia r^ad it. Will you please tna to the add dt^pter of the AcU of the Apoitlei, and laVus near what took' plaoe on the Ih; of ;Pfflrt®obist whenthe 'Gift of Tongues' was fi^tesfcowedon the twelve apostles." He ; took the ¥wuneat In a •hrtntri. lg and suspicious, way, as if he was taking hold of someihUyr infectious, or which might perhaps Into liU^vThto bit of Protestant affectation -often fcmcttoed by Froterfxnto wfcen theyare required to tonSi 04tholio -books, bemU aal trass and silver ernoifixm. *Ehey •»fll lookirtsnnea nA^bf, and reach oat their hands towards the popish object with the appearanoe of timidity or fear, which is, of course, all grimaoe and dissimulation, to make Catholic bystanders feel oontemptlble, and as if they were unolean and defiled whatever they had handled. However, he took the Testament,and turned t» the ohapter. He examined ithe passage in silenoe for e short time, and then read it in English; how the apostles and perhaps the 120 persons who believed in Christ were sitting together in a house in expectation on the 60th day after our Lord's ssoension, and how a loud noise like the roaring of a hurrioane was suddenly heard, and the Holy Ghost descended upon them, and gave them, among other graoes, that of speaking all kinds of languages; pud the noise was so loud and so long continued that it wae heard over the whole city, and a great orowd ran together from all parts of Jerusalem to see what the fearful noise was; and then the apostles, who were natives of Galilee, spoke to the wondering multitude in the Persian, andParthian, and Arabic, and Egyptian, and Abyssinian, Oarthaginian, and other languages; and some in the orowd ecognised the hand of God in this new ower conferred on the twelve apostles, but others eaid that the apostles were drunk nd talking gibberish. After considering he passage, Mr. Stannery candidly aditted that|;it^did not at all bear upon he question as to the use of Latin in he celebration of Mass. Mr. Stannery lso admitted that the «« Gift of Tongues" ontinued in the Catholic Church for at least 0 years after the Day of PenteooBt, and was xeroised by some Christians at Corinth. Mr. tannery wouldn't allow that the Oburoh t Oorinth should be oalled Catholic, but Christian," and, in this funny peculiarity, hiB Protestant Anglican minister is followed y some Catbolios, who are in the habit of peaking of the " early Christian Church " s if it were not;the. Catholio Churoh—just s if the Christian Church was not the atholio Churoh from the first day of the hristian Penteooat. I.suggested that he hould now turn to 1 Corinthians, chapter ii., in which St Paul deals with the whole ubjeot of the gift of tongues. Mr. Stanery found the plaoe, and read in the first erse that St. Paul waB speaking of " spiritual ifts," and then, in the tenth Terse, that God granted different spiritual gifts to different ersons—" to one the Spirit gives the power of working mirades, to another the gift of prophesy, to another the power of discerning of spirits, to another the gift of speaking divert tongues, to another the power of interpreting the tongues" [verse 10]. "Now," I said, "does not the Apostle here expressly deolare that the giftof tongues is a power given by Almighty GodP» " Yes," eaid lb. Stannery," I do not deny it." - "Well, then," I said, "in itself the gift of speaking foreign languages was from God; was it therefore sinfulP" "No," replied Mr. Stannery, "in itself It was not sinful; but it was abused at Corinth, a&d; Paul oondemns the abuse." "Well," X said, " that is nothing to the point. Every gift of God to man may be abused; but we are not at all permitted to give np the use of what is good because some people abuse it Men may abuBe their health, their time, their money. Must wa therefore take away health and money and time from all mot f" " But the Apostle," said Mr. Stannery, " says that speaking foreign tongues did not edify the Churoh, and he dedans that he would rather speak five words in the time of divine worship which he and the laity understood than to speak ten thousand words in a tongue whiohneither he nor the laity could understand, and by whioh, therefore, no aae oould be instructed or spiritually benefited. And this," continued Mr. Stannery, "just meets the case of your Latin Mass, which is a foreign tongue, and is not understood by the laity." "Now," I said, "you tax St. Paul with blasphemy in your eagerness to dander the Catholio Churoh. For the gift of tongues was a gift and graoe of the Holy Ghost, and you make St Paul censure the Holy Ghost for conferring a gift which hindered edification. In striking rashly at the Catholic Church and her wowhip, yen charge God with foolishness in giving the Christians at Corinth a power which destroyed their growth in aptri The truth is you aadly miwtalra the Apostie'a argument and teaching. He tolls ns that God gave some of the clergy at But He did ^p^tkn^i^el preting or translating those tongues into the Greek language, mioh was the mother tongue of the people of that c*ty. Bet God gave otherB of the ttegr Che power to interpret or translate into Gredc those foreign tongue* which He gave other* of thetfaq^y the power to apeak. We leant bote chapter xiv. that thoee who spolm the toHigntangnee and did not understand them wetften with these foreign languages without waiting tot the interpreten to "ri*^* (hem, WN thus the laity wete left in the dark as to the meaning of the foreign languages, and derived no benefit from the jgift of tongwe. But there is no aadh gift in our day. It has long been withdrawn by Him who gave it and *o yowr whole objection lapeee and xeeoives itaelf into a cavil and aperveraouof Scrintme." "But eurrty," said He. BUmky, "jw fe w* mean to t» that all the Boman OrttoHns who go to Mass ni>aaitWifl Ma. fhf want an intaxpteter. V totzaadate Ufor them, when to say i4nm, for juuj/itg in a language which tttywHi^ nf the you answer leone^siBHjaT" auditaitt. Stanne^; "4id yuaav ' — tlitor laughed at the quwUon and t T W T "Well," I eaid, "the who!* matter hinges just there. Ton are not familiar with the order of the MasB. You know nothing of the oeremontal. You couldn't tell what the priest to doing at the altar. The OathoUo service is as perplexing to you as the Chinese system of writing, one letter of which you wnldn't read if you got £1000 for it But Chinese penmanBhip and handwriting axe no punie to the Chinaman. He can read it at a glanoe. And just so is it with the Catholic and the Mass. He is brought up to it from his childhood. He knowB all its parts. He is at Hem when at Mass, and knows what to going on. He has his prayer book in hb hand. The directions axe before his eyes how he to to aot, and what he is tony,and when he is to sing, and when to Bay Amm. He knows when the Ofnersl Go*fmim to to) be made " " Oh I" eaid Miss Stannery, "have you a General GonfistUm in your servioe as we have in our 'Morning Pray erf" "Yes," I repliedwe have the Bame General Oortfmie* which Creamer erased when he put your Gswral Oonftuxm in its plaoe; Mid every Catholio well understands whatthe priest, to doing end saying when he bows down end repeat* the General Conftssion just as well altera know what your reverend brother to aaying aiM oing when he goes into his " SeadingDesk and recites Mr. Oranmer'e Otmr/tl and the Psalm, and the Collect, and the Creed, the Trtoagion, the Consecration, the LoriP* rayer, the Epistle, and Gospel "—" Excuse me," said Mies Stannery to me, with a look of moBtenchanting rimjmdty, "but are ou allowed to read the Bible in your «homh services P I have always understood that the your forms of worship." "I oughttolangh at such an inquiry/' I replied, "but ite blissful innooenoe disposes me xather to cagh. Oar eerrioes, or worship—or, as they are mostlycalled, the divine office—are very nearly day in your Anglican Sunday morning prayer book service, and what he reads to nearly the same which toread in the Catholic Man. Your Mr. Craamer retained oar epistles and gospels at the time of what ywa o«ll • the Reformation.' He translated them into Bnglish; We keep to the Latin text You have also our Catholio Collects and the Gloria, or Angels' Song; and agwatpsitol your < Communion' Servioe to taken from ours. You have also several of the psalm which we use at Yemen, or evening eenioe; and our Holy 7F«*fc devotions axe almost wholly the words of Scripture, and the eervioes of that W«Sr—which yon call * Passion week, * — are no loo* that we have a separate prayer book for them, whioh is for one week alone, as large as your whole prayer book. Bat we adhere to the use of Latin, which was the language of ednnted aid <tane Europe 1600 yearn ago, and to still the language of theeduoated portion of society—of the olefgy, and <4 the ministers of all denominations, «f phynoians, surgeons, barristers, college-professors, newspaper editors, echoclaiMten, members of Parliament, peers of the teaba, statesmen, of military and naval effieen, «t the geutxy in all oountriea, the am of the wealthy mercantile class, and a host of others. T^theOaihoiiepopalationofGathoBe nations the Latin language is ao endeared by use and by traditional ties thai theattanpt, or even the nropoeal to translate it into vulgar, or mower tongue would be met by a universal ontburst of borrw and iaffignaticn, becanse any ench attempt could only hatha treacherous pretence to alter, ^abort, %wah vrtlirih^BCrttholiB and enshrines in its authoritative, and w*flchosen, and apptupriatoUngausc; townijii weighed and choeen by apoedes and fay General GoateOs of the Ghurch cknonkaBy assembled. All Cathode Europe, and Catholic America, and OathoBo AuetwKa have the nnt intethgexit, alfariftiiaUs »e> vtrential, and enthmai dk 1cm tor fteir Latin rite, and wocild npl with man, and terror, andreeolutian tBfmtatt^iimM for translating it into mnter ttotofta.** "Bat just eosader," «ud the Be*. Mir. 8taanecy,{"that noignonat MMngaa can poeeibily foQow a poet* who to Km inLUzn,even thowh ittoasitm of Scripture, as you «y. "But yea, ^ X rescinded, "way also oouftor that them axe tons of ttwaah d the poor, O* labouring Asg&an; Pntatat pgadation at B^nd, who emnt foJlafw yon throagh ttt way ieu>|Bfiett inn if yonr An^faan jaayur hook, andtbewton tt^ toave yon and ^o to the Wedhyaa hoeaea asdfatfmto va artn to atffl moie ebuk, lMt more wmw^UrJ, ttata^ — OoBeoto [etotec], Lttaay, and You know way atDAttftt illliuisliii tan lainmt smagt to get n n w year ajg smwwhyMt iii|i—g pcayer book, awl km to lettCbe ^Jmmht Um, and «be •OoBeot fur te < £itaay> withyaata year t»lftg*M ftrtftsiqiuss imw kak " be in Latia (tw« tha««9 goes into Oft pulpit—w ought to wads tte epfawe and wr «««ia to English, and thw preaches the atmea in Englidi in all piaoes where TTiallih language to ^oken. la Fwrn priest would preach in Reach." mid the B*v. Stannery. " it appear* to yon might as well have all E&gttih.;" "Bm, m Ranoe," I rejoined, "you weald h«te all in French. In Ireland you woaHhave all in Irish. In Wales m would h«v«t3 in the Weiah tongue, and titea see what tfc« oonsequwese would be. A&B;^thMtoit oouldn*t officiate in Wale^_for ha coridat mad or speak Welsh. A Weteh tietgyma couldn't preach «N*d themonlac mmc in Engtoad. An Bag&h; eterte preach w madprayem in Irish; and co«a over the whole world. It was, tot we reason, to meet this v**y difficulty that ft* •gift of tongues' was watort oa tteOay of Puatoooet, and continued mere or keen die Church for three « four ewaUike, <« ooessionteqmwd. Besides,"I hexe; ev«®oo"your own gwsndiwhakdojt* plith by throwing away w Is&t; fir your English F Down them hUtftum there ate, nay, 1000 Gkamsn Cithdies, If the Oathclto service was in Sariafc iaeteai of Latin, how oouW these 10W OuMwajat inthatBagK^haerrioet They cosMaH. ft would be an unknown tongae to 1W could not understand it." "But bow yOQ CBtod OlA ttlttWf! by having Lattor adced Mr. Staaneiy- " Then it eemw to this," t replied, "that yea hare aenr opened a Missal or hook «t the Mass. If you had you might have haw very easily we meet the difficulty. print tto L»«b Maes cn one half of thepape, and tke mmMaliMs taanttofted iato€tonam«a the other halt el the page, with the tuhris of direotiwe for the G«ra»an to follow, tfcea he oomes iato the Gadwfic oUhedr^lIto prayer boek, and at once eaten iato (be Ml and intetieetnal appeeheetiee of the im> tioaaldaty inwUebhoto to And w with a Chinese or a Rosas* Gatoetie. The Latin to printed oa «h ade «t the pipe, and then trax^eted into Qtom, er Bbhub, or Itafiaa, or ^wUk; ui by this plan, ia ow instant, the CMbefe CSiurth can bring sll (tatkms into communianwithGod intteet^eaut tratk^ whkh «e otter Him in Oft Maw wt by up the Lttn words «l ttt Mum into 600 difieceat tsngaagw., bat brpoktfeg ttoewt Mwe and miwiias «t "» latia iato the SSeteat hMaage*, *lwtoe thmihag^totltelwa. fhwttavetters from every nation, «r people of way aa&* under thebeav«n,«aa mto wayCatie«fi» OkURhwadanitetncMand tkaaoattl adoration wift the OaAeBesotaayaMfea to whkdi dwdil; a»d Aas, as St. Psaai «> hotted (be Gmathtoac, glorityQod wttktfea heart, the mrit, aid the wiflMU—akife [1 C5OR. aii, awl." April V.1&5. 