The Extravagant lindu Legend. Of the Hindu legends the most striking feature is their wildness. Is it a protest against the dull monotony of life in India? Or is life lees monotonous to the native than to the European? Lal Behari's tales, any. how, are wilder than the wildest bits of the "Arabian Nights." A young man puts an egg of the toontoonia bird into a cupboard, and out of it comes a babe that grows into the loveliest girl the world ever saw. The mannik stone in some snakes' heads is worth the wealth of seven kings. In a certain city an elephant is king maker, but the king of his choice only reigns a day, for out of the queens mouth comes a threadlike snake, which slays him in the bridal chamber. A long-lost son, who had fallen in love with his mother, and has mounted the oow.house roof that he may break in and carry her off, happily hears his life's story from two calves that are quietly discussing him below. A wife going out of doors on a dark night aeit. dentally knocks up against a Sankohinni, white lady ghost, that eat on a low branch. The revengeful creature at once took her by the throat, thrust her into a hole in the tree, and went in, taking her shape so completely that the mother-in.law, that universal inmate of the Hindu hut, was deceived. The only difference was that, whereas th wife had been weak and languid, the ghost was briek and active. " She has turned over a new leaf ; so much the better," said the mother-in-law, when the errands and the cooking were done in next to no time. But one day the old woman caught sight of the ghost fetching something from the next room ghost fashion, by stretching'out a long arm-for ghosts can stretch their limbs a great way, though not as far as Bakshasis can. She said nothing, but told her son, and they watched, and beo fore long they saw thh kitchen hearth ablaze, though they know there was no fire in the house. Looking through'a chink thoey saw that the wife had thrust her foot into the oven, and that it was burning like a bit of wood. " She's a ghost," they whispered, as they went for the ojha, who tested her by burning tumerio under her nose. She proved her ghoatship by screaming, and was then beaten with slippers till habe confessed and showed where the real wife was, and was again beaten till she promised never to do the family any further harm.--Al the Year Round. A esaored burden is this life yo boar : Look on it, lift it, bear it solemnly, Stand up and walk beneath it steadfastly. Fail not for sorrow, falter not for sln,' But onward, upward, till the goal ye win. 