Tothe Farmers and Orange men of Argyle. Per favor of the Evenina News. Gentlemen, — Sir Henry Parkes has offered himself as a candidate for your suffrages, and his friends are straining every nerve to get him elected for the im norfcant B.o-rii»nlfcnra,l -lisfcrififc of whinii von ara resi dents. As one who has for a considerable period been fighting the battle of the selector against the squatter — as a member of the Free Selectors' Con ference—-and as the founder of the Land and Industrial Alliance, which has for its object the overthrow of the Stuart Government and the Land Act— I would earnestly warn you against returning. Sir Henry Parkes to Parliament at this juncture. I do so, not on the ground that he was the creator of the Kiama ghost, the persecutor' of Webb, or the trifler with parliamentary government, but on the broad ground that his^ presence in the parliamentary arena would be 'a serious obstruction to the repeal of radical revision of the iniquitous Farnell Land Act. Sir Henry Parkes has never been a friend to the agriculturists of New South Wales. During the 10 years that he was Premier of New South Wales, he allowed the land laws to be so administered, solely in the interests of the squatters, .with the result that up to the time he left office, no less than 14 million acres of land had been sold to 4159 of their number, and hundreds of struggling free selectors had been ruined by the foul and partial manner in which the machinery of the land laws was worked against them by corrupt officials. If Sir Henry Parkes was not aware of the proceedings of his officers, he was unfit for the position he held ; if he was aware of it, he was as ' much to blame for it as they were. In either- case he has proved himself no friend to that class whose votes he is now soliciting. The need for a radical reform in our land laws was made manifest more than a decade before the attempt was ma.de to accomplish it; bnt Sir Henry Parkes, instead of boldly facing the matter, shunted the question by raising racial cries and sectarian issues, and succeeded in evading the re sponsibility till it became too urgent to be longer denied. What was his action -when at last the' battle between the people and the monopolists' had to be fought out in Parliament? Did he then stand up for the right of the farmers to an equal consideration with the squatters, and endeavor to settle the most' important of all questions on a sound and equitable basis? Nothing of the kind. Whan the crisis came, he sneaked off like a craven cur to Europe, and allowed a land law to be passed, wholly in the interest of the squatters and bankers. Farmers of. Argyle, is such a man fit to be intrusted with interests so important as yours ? Notwithstanding hia haxy and hsA-haarted utteranoa in oppoiition to tha Farnall Land Aot, is he likely to take any -tap toward ita repeal or radical revision? B» not dec«iv«d, h« will do nothing: of the kind. No man ia ao inaincare in our public life »s Sir Henry Parkes. He has tha fatal faculty of being able to ' keep the 'promise to the ear and and break it to the hope.' We are utterly sick and disgusted with such political charla tanry as he has exhibited, and we are determined now to take the matter in our own hands. Ths Land and Industrial Alliance, of which many of you are mem bers, has now branches all over the colony, and at next general election w« ahall be able to return euah a ntunbsr of bona fide farmers' candidates aa will givo us the power to alter the new Land Act as we desire. While Sir Henry Parkas ia in P*rli»ni«nt he will be an obstacle to the attainment of thia ob ject, for he will be eternally intriguing for power, and probably split up our forces. As one who can claim to have proved himself your friend and ally, I again urge upon you to rejaot tkia political charlatan and selfish parliamentarian, ao that tha course may be clear for our own reform. When the present Miniatry. «om« before tka. country they will have to confront the serried and compact ranks of the producing- classes of the colony, and before such a phalanx they must go down. We do not, therefore, need the aid of Sir Henry Parkes, even if it could be relied upon. He is our opponent on the question of judicious and discriminating' protection ; ho is opposed to us on payment of members ; he is an advo cate for the juvenile idea of a titled autocracy and a council of advice for the colonies, instead of federa tion ; and he is ignorant and unreliable on the land question. Farmers of Argyle, by returning such a man you would strike a blow at your own interests, and render abortive all our attempts to inaugurate a more liberal and progressive policy for New South Wales. Now, a few words to the Orangemen of Argyle. Though they come from one who differs from them in faith, they are written by a native Australian, who is desirous of serving: his country to the best of his ability, and there ought, therefore, to be no objection to hear him on material matters. I _ have worked side bj side with 'Orangemen in political, labor and social movements ; and, I think, they will give me credit for sincerity and a desire to serve all classes, irrespective of the creed they profess. It matters very little what road we take to Heaven, provided we get there in the end. The struggle is not now between religion and religion, but between religion and the cold and callous negation of atheism. But, as a large num ber of the most intelligent and respectable electors of Argyle are banded together in tha ranks of Orangeism, I would ask th«'.n, as a- patriot and soldier of humanity, why they should allow them- selves to be utilised by Sir Henry Parkes and hia wire- pullers for the purpose of xeturaing him to Parliament ? There ia no religious question at stake just now. The only matter before the electors ia the Soudan war, and every Orangeman is bonnd by bis oath to take the view of this subject taken by the opponent of Sir Henry Parkes. L.O.L. stands for Loyal Orange Lodge, and, the cardinal principle of Orangeism is loyalty to the empire. If than, tie Orangemen of Argyle vote on pnnoiple, thvj trill poll agamst Sir Henry Parkes to a man ; but unfortunately they hare in their ranks a number of wire-pullers, who have only entered the institution for business or pobtioal purposes. Theaa man flourish whan Sir Henry ia in power, and they are naturally amdous^therefoxe, to see him back in office again. These are the men who hare brought Orangeism iafco discredit by filling the Civil Serrlve witti their relations and tha Legislators witk 'un cultured incapablea. Orangeiara aa worked at 'pre- sent is a good thing for them, because it gives ikea a power and importance vrbish they never oouid achieve by their own. efforts ; but how about the cask and file of the party, who h»ve joined the order from sincere . and disinterested motirea f Why should they be used as stepping stones for the designing and unworthy? Why should they sink all their political principles for the purpose of returning some clever humbug or harmless noodle to Parliament? Orangemen, be true to your own interests, and refuse to follow such man any longer. What you, in common with all tho producing classes of New South Wales, want, is a state policy, founded upon the golden principle of 'the greatest good for the greatest number.' Democracy means government of the people, by the people, and for the people .;\ but we shall never realise this in New South Wales it the people .allow themselves to be split up in religious factions and return only men of a partloular creed or color to Parliament. The day the producing classes of New South Wales will it, they can grasp the reins of power for themselves, and initiate such a policy as will develop the great and varied resources of this magnificent country, and place her far in advance of her sister Australias. ' Let us, then, sink all religious differences and- endeavor: to create a sound political opinion; A healthy politi cal opinion is the soul of the body politic, without which a community is but an inert, unprincipled, and grovelling rabble. The heart of auch a community is ulcerous, and the transparent robes of humbug, cant, and hypocrisy fail to conceal its festering sores from' the gaze of honest criticism. In such a country we might well exclaim with Cato, ' Where vice pre vails, and impious men hold sway, the post of honor is a private station,' Orangemen of Argyle, you have now a magnificent opportunity of ostracising from public life one who has done more than anyone else in the colony to demoralise it/ 'Show by your votes at the coming election that you will not be driven to the poll like sheep by the wire-pullers who assume to speak in your name. Show also that you do ' not approve the damnable principle that ultimate success obliterates all the offences committed in the achievements of it, and clear the path for the real triumph of the people at the next general -election, by relegating Sir Henry Parkes to the self -constructed political tomb from which he should never have emerged. .'Electors of Aigyle, vote for Wallace. It is a name of happy augury and significance, for Wallace.' was the hero of Scottish' freedom and independence, and Argyle was the scene of some of his historic achieve- ments.— Tours, fcci, E. TV. O'SULLWAN- * 