ECHOES OF PALL MALL PUOM A CORRESPONDENT. J LONDON, 24TII JULT. Tlio proceedings of Parliament are utterly devoid of interest, oxcopt iu so far as they tend to afford a clue to the tactics which. are likely to ho adopted by the respective political parties at tho general election. Indications are looked for, hut they are, few. iii number aud notveryj luoiil. Ono thiug is .certaiu-r-that the Conservatives, will pluy tho part of Opportu nists without much regard to their party tradi tions uud superstitions. Thoy hqvo already gone over to tho Paruellitos without securing their support. More developments will follow, and there ore a good many surprises in store. Oil the other hand, Liberals, or some of them, arc deluding themselves with tho idea lhat the union of Whigs, anil Radicals .may bo. per petuated. . This is not likely to bo realised. Tho union is only possible iu two ways, and these are. only hypothotically possible. Tho Whigs will he delighted to. re ceive the Radicals, provided thoy turn Whigs, and if tho Whigs will only turn Radicals, thoy wlli bo received into the Radical ranks. One of the papers declares that the union of the Liberals is quito possiblo, but when it proceeds to an oxplanation it is found that the idea is to unito all the Radical forces to drivo tho Whigs into tho arms of tho Conservatives. The plau may provo successful, hut tho result will certainly not bo a restoration of the union. It is difficult to sco how tho fight can he anything olse than a triangular duel. In Ireland the issuo will boloss complicated, but this, simplicity wiU only last till tho elections are over. When tho Nationalists meet tlio other three parties tho confusion will bo dire. Almost any complication of parties will bo possiblo. Even thoToriosmay uuito with the Radicals, but they ore more likely to. come .to terms with the Whigs. Tho present Government is not likely to have a long life, hut that of the next may. bo quito 03 briof. "When tho news of the death of the Mahili first arrived nobody believed it; now, every-' body does. Tho evidence is by no means com elusive, but it is convenient to specidute upon its absolute truth. At n glnucc, the ovent looks like a lucky windfall to tho new Government, but it is questionable if it is regarded iu that light by tlieiu, for thoy will now liavo In formu late a policy of their own, which may be a more difficult task than that of merely carrying out the designs of their predecessors. The difficulties iu tho way of raising tho now loan, too, have boon easily ovcrcoino, seemingly auollier lamp of luck, but it remains to bo seen whether the advantage has not been purchased by somo sacrifico to the powers previously playing the part of obstruc tives. There is always room for a. suspi cion of the kind in such mattors. The new policy should certainly provide for ono thing — tho retention of Suakira. It will be 'a valunblo possession, and all tho more so because tho natives have shown that thoy are possessed of " grit." Tho price paid for it lias been high, but for that very reason it may be retained with a clear con science. H OsmanDigna should don the mantle which has fallon from tho Mahdi's shoulders; he will havo an opportunity of trying to regain the prestige which his many defeats around Suokim had somewhat tarnished. But neither ho nor tho Mahdi were fond of exposing themselves to tho risk of being sent to Para dise by a stray Bhot — a circumstaueo which Ehows that their own faith in Divine protec tion was not very deep. A good deal of non sense has been uttered about the death of the Mahdi by sinall-pox affording a proof to his followers that ho must have been an impostor. Fuith is not so easily shaken, and little acci dents of that sort are easily explained whete there is n clear motive for doing so. If tho re volt subsides it will be for other reasons. The future of South Africa has been, dar ing tho lost year or two, looked upon with anxiety and even distrust. Tho prospect now looks clearer. Tho occupation of Becliuuna- laud by nn Euglish commissioner with a suffi cient forco to givo emphasis to his decisions has settled a great many questions It has put a stop to any more "trekking" to tho west of tho Transvaal ; has emboldened Metabcle to adopt a similar policy on tiro north ; has cut off tho Germans at Augra Pcqucua from throwing out lines of communication with tho Boers across country, nnd lias thus pat everything and everybody in their proper places. The stationing of a vessel of war at St. Lucia Bay has served as a warning to the Boers that they nrc no longer to go on filching territory from the Zulus. The late Government deserve credit for initiating these strokes of policy, al though so long as Lord Derby was at tho Colo nial Oflico there was always a danger of his yielding on somo sido or another. Whether his successor will do better remains to bo seen, but it is scarcely possiblo that he con do worse. Ono of tiro most beneficial results is the strengthening of public opinion at tho Capo, whore people's faith in tho advantages of tho English connection was beginning to waver. It is not to he supposed tlia't tho Boers of the Transvaal ere particularly well pleased with tho courso affairs are taking, hut they arc more likely to exhaust their contentiousness in grumbling at their ovm Government than iu getting up communities to rnako themselves troublesome to their neigh bors outside their borders. Such internal communities are certainly very disad- vantatreoualv situated for their own comfort. They cannot obtain .assistance by sea, and thoy havo to encounter a difficulty in raising a revenue through tho custom house They are thus compelled to levy direct taxes, which are always uupleasant, and parliculurly to the Boer, whose nature rebels, against the exaction of taxes in any form. When tiro Boer finds himself hemmed, in on all sides, face to faco.witli.liis own collectors of revenue, he will begin to ask himself whotlior, after ail, the pleasures. of seU- gpvemmont are worth its drawbacks, aud he will be apt to fall, into - tho sanro wny of thinking , as - ho . vras," in when he quietly gave up. Us . independence ' to... Sir. Th'eo-. philus. Shopstoue..,,. ,11110 result', will .'not be the same in tiro future as it was then; but it is quite likoly that he will becomo suffi ciently purified to soo tho advantngo of living on tho best terms possible with the . English nnd the natives. He may even go so far as to admit the advisability of : joining with other South' Africana in a ; confederation of the colonies and statos, It is certain that tho Boers of the Orange Frco State are already well disposed to join Buch a confra ternity.: It should bd a very easy thing to perpetuate the prosont stato of affairs— tho only thing nofdful heiug to hold firmly oyery inch th$t has. been gained, and be careful not to relax the grasp in which Uro various contend iug interests are now held. Such a policy will lie by far tiro cheapest in tiro end, and in no other way can tho shedding of blood be minimised. For twelvo mouths or more after the ac quisition of Cyprus, it was assiduously do- nouueed as a pest-house. It is now in regular use as a sanatorium for .tlio troops from Suakira and Upper Egypt. Wheu an nouncing tho acquisition, Lord Bcaconsdeld described it as a " place of arms," and tho very lust act of tho lato Government was to send tiro Guards there from afi Alexandria. If the ghost of tho Conservative leader ever revisits tlio glimpses of tho moon it must feel appeased by a good many things that havo luippcucd lately. Bcaconsfield was anything hat a great man, but he had sagacity. Gladstone is really a great man, but ho is deficient in the lesser quality possessed in abundance by his opponent. It is a pity that there is no process for Uro amal gamation of such diverso characteristics. A vory spiteful attack has been made by the A'eio York Herald upon the Kongo Frco State, and infcrcntially upon Mr. Stanley, the King of the Belgians, and tho InlernaUoual Association. Tho State is a " vast swindle," and of course thoy must be swindlers who are managing it. Three-fourths of the money sub scribed has boon improperly spent, embezzled perhaps. The mortality in tho splendid climato depicted by Mr. Stanley is de- scribed as appalling, the hardship's undergone by the Europeans havo been terrible and un necessary, and tho ontlook is regarded as threatening. AU these things may he true, and yet they may amount to Tory little. Indeed they have been already related by Mr. Stanley himself. Ho lias' told us about tho mortulity aud the number of Europcaus invalided, hut .he still has faith in the salabriousness of tho climato far . inland. Ho has never said that it is good every where, under all circumstances, and it may be that those who suffered most from it had themselves to blame, for at- least some of their misfortunes. Some allowance should always be made for tho enthusiasm of leaders tempting them to exaggerate, aud they are only simpletons who are deceived by glow ing word painting. Mr. Stanley has himself told us of the improper wasto of money, for on ono occasion wlion he returned from a visit to Europe he found that one of his steamers was gono, and tho treasury empty, hut if this was a theft it was Sir. Stanley, the King of tho Belgians, and the Association who were the victims, not tiro thieves. The man who is garotted is not the ruffian. Tho New York Herald has mado a mistake. It accuses somebody or everybody of suppressing these matters; hot they are' not suppressed. There is, it 6eems, a system of secrecy enforcod, , This may bo so, and yet there may be nothing wrong. Diplomacy is guarded by 6ecrecy, and oven the new; State must diplomatise. Tho Brussclls oiTico is accused of puffing tho enterprise. , Be it so. This is what most f offices of associations do. Tlrat is their function— tiro end for which tlioy are appointed. It . is tho duty of the public to ho unbclioving. Tiro International Association nnd the Kongo Stato may ho no better than other associations and states, hut that is no reason why they should not bp treated with tho courtesy that is duo to all such enterprises. The Hew York . Herald has had its infor- .ruation from tho contents rof a cpufidcntial Jbj fcifrora Africa-tlio very worst authority that j:an ho conceived. There is, very likely, a good many reasons why the Kongo Free State and everything connected with it. should ho viewed 'with' distrust, lind yet each of its managers may bo individually honest. - Tiro confidential letter chiefly- blardes Mr. Stnnley for all. that is wrong, aud declares that it is his duty at once to clear himself from the chargo of complicity in a " fraud. " This is really too bad of the Herald, aud it will find that tho public gene rally will bo disposed to place more reliauco on tho word of Mr. Stanley than on that of the confidential correspondent. A rumor is current that tlio Russians are making arrangements with lho Government of Korea for the occupation of Quclpart, a largo island lying to tho south of f ho Korean Penin sula. As a ureliiuinarv, tho Russians havo expressed their willingness to send officers to drill tho Korean array, and it is even added that tho offer has been accepted. There is a clumsiness about this story that repels credence. It lacks tho ele ment of likelihood, and is defective in tho absence of any assignable reason for the move ment. The Koreans arc not fools, and ajy; allegation, which impugns their warinesii against fulling' into a trap should be well au thenticated before, it can ho accepted lis verit able. The rumor must acquire more coliorcuco before it can be credited.' . . .." Tho Indian and Colonial Exhibition of 1835 is, taking tiine, distance and accidents iuto 'ac- count, near at' baud. ' Tho ' Royal'' COmmis- 6ioners orej or .ought to "be, Very birsily' at.WWlf with their preparations, and it is to tro Hoped that tho representatives of tho various ; colo nies are on tho qui vice. Tho council of tho Royal Horticultural Society; not a1 day too soon, have notified their readiness to lend as sistance nnd co-oporation to .tiny, colony .do- eirboB of profiting by. their advice and help. Somo of the colonics have, it seems, alrcqdy expressed a desire to exhibit illustrations. of tho flora, indigonous to their territories, and tho council is prepared to assist all of them to do the same, as woll as to give advico and practical assistance in preparing and arranging collections of ornamental and cponomic plants ta a growing — . . state. With theso ends in view tho colonial commissioners are invited to communicate with tho assistant secretary nnd the superin tendent of tho Society's Gardens, in order that the necessary stops may be taken. Whether there is time to make an effective show of this kiud it is for the colonists them selves to detcrmino. Of course all this has already been made known to them by tele graph, and it is only noticed hero because it is advisable to err on tho side of giviug more publicity than is necossary, rather than to fall into the mistake of giviug too little. It would not be a surprise to hear that Bis marck is by this iiino thoroughly disgusted with his two earliest colonial acquisitions— Angra Pequeiia and tho Kaineroons. . They are ugly, misshapon brats, nnd do. not . grow a hit. He will never bo' able' -tb' bring them up so as to be a credit to him. Even the German papers, publish letters from the Kaineroous containing complaints of the way in ' which enormous quautitics of German spirits of the very, .worst quality, if not absolutely poisonous, are imported into the colony, and do not conceal the fact that the effects of the traffic on the natives are ruinous. What lias become of all the beneficont clauses of the docu ment drawn up by the colonial conference oi Berlin? . 