A DEAD MAN'S LOVE. The mill h;ul come so suddenly that tho Countess Elsa Arcon could nob possibly, OVOll l.y putting spurs to hor horso, reach tho Castlo Lancut boforo alio wns wot ' through and through, so she and her old groom, John Drim, drew rein under the imrtc-cociierc ot a uuipateu ouuunig, tiiat seemed uninhabited as well. Tho countess . sprang froin her horse, saying : 'Here is .shelter, at least, John. Is not this one of our farm-houses ? Put up tho horses, and wo will wait in one of the . rooms for tho storm to pass.' - ' Your ladyship forgots ? ' ' What? Aro all the rooms shut up?' ? inquired tho countess, now half-way up the stops. ' Not shut up ; but your ladyship knows that a dragoon regiment was stationed hero a weok ago, and your ladyship has givon thom ono of your farm- houses for quarters.' 'Oil, was it this ono ?' laughed tho countess, and as oho knocked at tho door with hor riding-whip, it opened, and an ollicor stepped out. He was tall, slender, yot strongly built man, tho personification of tho Greek Mars; in figure, strength, and carriage, but withal so deadly palo that tho baholdor could not decide whothor his . beauty was greater than his singular pallor. ' Oh !' ho oxclaimcd, as ho saw tho lady, ' ' pardon mo. ' 'I camo to beg for admission. Tho old houso belongs to mo, but you aro tho ownorat present ; will you givo me and my bid John shelter from tho storm ?' 'You will bring my poor room good fortune, mademoiselle,' and sho .found liorsolf in a room hung with epaulettes and uniforms ; tho tablo was a cliaoB of books, lottors, cigar-cases, gloves, cravats, ink-stands, and small cliango. Ho swept the table clear, and Bhe seated herself and looked through the window at tho howling summer storm. ' You must keop us for a couplo of hours, lieutenant,' sho remarked, 'Will you ? I am tho Countess Elsa Arcon, of Cas.tlo Lancut.' He bowed politely, but with slight in differonco, almost mechanically. In every thing that ho did thoro was something measured, almost soulless, as if he went through tlio customary forms of lifo by routine. ' I am -Lieutenant Kaymonct bterntolu. You spoko of my keoping you j but, as you let mo know, -the house is yours.' ' Not tho room, though.' Sho turned as sho spoko, and for the first timo tliey looked each othor in tho faco. For tho first timo slio marked liis youth, his ex ceeding beauty, his unnatural pallor, and shivered as if with sudden cold. And as his eyes rested on her he seemed to fear lior, lovely as slio was. Ho betrayed a sudden discomposure, and caught at his heart as ono docs when overcome by sudden terror or sudden grief. But tho little scene lasted scarcely a second, .and tlioy continued bucIi a conversation as gonorally follows a first meeting. Sho glanced -out of tho window again, and watched the effects of tho storm with an artist's interest. ' Does not tlio beauty in all this wild ness iihpress you deeply ?' slio asked. f No,' lie said ; and again sho noticed tho torriblo quiot of indifference in him, iis if ho were strango to tlio world and tho world to him ; as if ho could feel neither joy. nor Borrow ; as if ho wore a handsome, powerful automaton, in whoso faco his maker had forgotten to put a touch of I Jiving color. No ; I see nature's boauty II jruxl wildness, but I can not saythoy im aro fortunate,', said . the lady, » .slowly. - . ' How .comfortable it must be for you.' r» 'Do you think so ?' ho re plied, staring 7 at the raging stomi; thon, with apparont . , ; effort, lio turned to liis fair guest. 'I .»m-di*gniccfuUy. negligent ; lot iho draw r» \tHo »-tfa to tlio window.' V' No, thank you ; I am a littlo cold.'. ?» ?: \' Your habit is damp. Wliat can I j( . doT' . „c ''Givo mo a cigarette.' , ill . . ' ivttin sprry that I havo only Virginia. . . Jd»i, )\iy Cossack, shall get you some , itobacwrand. rice-paper.' ' Wouul you havo liim drown on tho way ?' cried tlio countess. ' But you can not smoke Virginia.' i- 'I hope not. Do you. take mo for a -Wpornl t' slio cried, with hor own pretty . Wacity. - 'I only wondor at you Bnwking iinoU poison,' Jf' Xpu cpMkeiKSur,' ' I havo tried all kinds; My father wa3 an invotorato smokor, and my hus band, General Arcon, waB ill for fivo years before his death, and I was his only nutso. I learned to know my cigarette well during thoso long nights of watching and waiting, in tlio closo, bad atmosphere of a Bick rooin.' Sho spoko simply, and Stomfold threw her a glanco that seemed to ask pardon for an injustice dono her ill liis thoughts. ' But you havo tea and a samovar, I see,' slio added ; ' will you give mo.acup of toa ? You seo I invite myself.' ' I will mako it for you, countess.' ' What ! an officor mako toa, with a lady, in tho room !' laughed tho pretty woman, taking tho old Chineso tea- caddy and tho samovar into hor own hands. ' Bezerdyi belongs to your regimoiit, I bolievo. Ho usod to bo in tlio Uhlans, and is a son of Field- Marshal Bo:'.ardyi, is lie not ?' ' You know everything, countess.' ' Oil, you wonder that I am well versed in anny matters. You must ronicmber that I am a soldier's daughter and a soldier's widow. Otherwise I should not have flown so straight to a soldier for shelter from the storm,' sho finished with a smile. There wns pride and dignity in her smile, cliildliko as her oyos wero. Thoy drank thoir toa, tho clouds broke away, and tho countess rose to go. 'Thank you,' she said, as sho gave him her hand, ' nnd do not let mo remain your debtor long. You aro invited to come as a friend to Castlo Lancut. I and my aunt, tho Countess Odoscali, will bo delighted to see you. Will you come ?' He bent his handsomo head. . ' Your permission is an honor. Our major, Count Lettwitz, will shortly wait upon you with liis officers.' 'Gooii-bye, then. I shall reach Lancut in sunshine. ' As sho rode away two officers mot her and bowed. One was the captain Count Linski, a tall, slender man, with aprojee ting chin ; tho other was Count Dobski, ugly, and small, with freckles, red hair, and littlo, false, grey eyes. ' Look, that is tho countess from the castlo,' said Linski. ' She was talking with Stornfold. How did Stomfeld, who is an iccborg, get mixed up' — Tho ugly littlo red-liead smiled maliai ously. ' Sternfeld and a love-affair 1' ho said, scornfully. ' Not so impossible,' returned Captain Linski. 'Will you go with mo and speak to him 1 ' ' To Stornfold ? No!' said the little count, sharply, and tho Captain went alone. 'You have had a visitor I see,'hoBaid, as he entered the room. 'Lord knows, such a piece of fomnity makes a bachelor's den more home-like, even if'slio is gone. Tho tea is hot still . Yes ; thanks. It was tho Countess Arcon. Havo you known her long ? Or is she a relative V I' ' I saw hor to-day for the first time,' answered Stornfold, in his indifferent manner. 'The rain drove her in.' 'You lucky dog ! Then you will not be sorry when tho major takes us all to call upon licr to morrow. She must bo a peculiar creature. Scandal has never breathed her namo. Sho nursed an old husband on his deatli.bed, vegetates hero with a half idiotic old aunt, plays tho piano magnificontly, and will not hear of a suitor. What ia Bhe like ?' 'I really did not notice her,' said Stornfold, in hio lifeless way. Tho major and five of his officors mado their visit to Castlo Lancut. Tlio Countess Elsa and her aunt Odescali received them charmingly. Tlio Countess Odes cali was sarcoly more than a cretin who always smiled and ato, but sho was a sort, of a chaperon for tho young widow, and, with tho oxcoptinii of the necessary retinue of servants tlioy wero tho Bole occupants of tho, castlo. 'As a widow,' said tho CountesB Elsa in farewell, I havo no reception day, but I hopo whenever you aro riding by you will como in for half an hour wlion you have tlio timo to spare — and ns many of you together as possible.' Thoro was a charming air of command about lior last' words. As a soldier's daughter and a hostess, sho wished to be on good terms with all tho officers but to none intimately. Whon thoy wore gone sho said to hor aunt ; 'Well, dear Mona, how do you like thorn ?'— But sho did not ask tho question for tlio sako of any answer, for Madamo Odescali's livolicst means of expression was an eternal,' goutlo smile. Sho was treated by hor cheerful young niece liko a poor orphan' child, and tho Countess Elsa talked with her only to oxpress her own opinions and givo lior monologues an acccpiauie uuin. 'You don't care much for the major, you would say,' pursued Elsa. 'Ho tries to bo moro martial than Mars. You like that long Count Linski tho best ; ho is nut handsome, and lie seems to havo a wickod tonguo, but ho lias somo sense, you think, liezerdyi is a nico boy ; yes, you are right. But I cannot enduro that hideous Count Dobski, nor you either, aunt*' He has never dono us any harm, but wo understand now tlio proverb : ' Rod hail- care.' All in all, we are raging, are wo not, aunt ? Isn't it shameful that ho did not como?. It is unpardonablo 1 Of course, the major said to thom : Gontlo nicn, wo must pay our respects to .the countess on whose ostato wo are stationed, and she will invito ub to dinnor on sun days,' So thoy all camo oxcept liim. I care nothing about it, but it would havo been polite to roturn tho visit I was forced to mako him.' The Countess supposed that Aunt Odes jali, as usual, heard little and understood less, So sho started when tho Odescali, ipaning her heavy mouth a littlo wider, said, thickly : 'Who ?' ' Tho man who gavo mo sholtor in tho rain. How do I know what is namo is J ' ' Ho is a count ?' ? 'No.' . ? : 'Is ho liandsomo ? ' 'No-' '} What is ho, thon ?' „.,!,1 41,.-, tnan u'Sfl. (1, ml, nil cheeks, then slio laughed, and added: ?What silly things wo are to got so angry, Mona.' Aunt Mona smiled, as usual. The countoss did hor duty ; Sho invited tho Officers who hatl riiuted hor : to dino at: Lancut. Tlio dinners passed off as such dinners; do. Tlioy told military anecdotes, talked politics, paid a fowcom plimonts to tlio lady of the . houso, ate, drank and felt completely iit easo.- In one of tlio anecdotes Lioutonant Stornfeld'B name camo up. .; 'You know liim, Countess?';, inter rupted CiptainLinski, involuntary,'..' 'Ho is a member bf your rogimoiit who givomo shelter m tlio last rain-storm,'.' said tlio countoss tranquilly- .''Why WM be nut MJtli you jpu collcd ? ' ^ ' V i a- « ' A % ' Oh.' cried Dobski, shrilly, ' Sternfeld is a littlo toque. Ho is a misanthrope of tho dcopost huo. You must not measuro him by the rules of society. Havo you not seen him? He is as white as tho mill. I beliovo ho eats lucifer matches.' Linski gavo the littlo man a contemptu ous glanco, and, in his deepest voice, said to tho countess : ' In fact Stemfold is shy. Ho used to bo moro sociable, but for tho last six months he has apparently been ailing, Yot ho is ono of the bravest officers in tho army — a man of honor through and through, and a hero.' ' Until ho had that rencontre with Princo Toko, in Vienna, about a danseusc of t'le wor3o reputation, ' cried Dobski. 'The advantage was all on Stornfold's side, count,' said Linski, raising his voice, 'and you aro tlio Inst person to refer to tlio affair, for tho sako of your friend Princo Toko.' ' Gcntlemon,' said the countoss in a mocking voice nnd a haughty faco, ' you aro disputing about tho right and wrong of a man in whom I havo not tho slightest intorost. Pray finish your former story.' ' And when hor guests ha-J loft lier, Countess Elsa, who hnd tnlked, laughed, and played her best, leaned her lovely head on Aunt Mora's shoulder as if deathly weary, and said, faintly : ' it 1ms been a stupid day, Mona. For :v danmisn, they said, and lie looks like Byron iu liia Borrow. I. was vory silly, Mona. Heaven bo praised, 1 am cured.' Aunt Mona sniiled and stroked tho cheek of her nieco, who in that instant buried a something ns yet formless and nameless in hor stillest soul. So the summer passed away. Tho countes3 passed her days, as formerly, at the piano, or with her embroidery, in monologues with Aunt Mona, or receiving visits from tho officers or from the ladies of tho neighborhood. Sho was naturally too proud over again to mention Liou tonant Stornfold's namo, and she hnd probably quite forgotten liim, ns it nevor appeared in hor monologuo with hor aunt. But ono chance throw her with him. It was on tho high road. A lovely summer day was changing into a disagreeable afternoon of angry wind and dust. The CountessElsa was sitting in a littlo pavilion at tho park gates, where sho had brought her work, and now sho rose and leaned over the balustrade to watch a littlo caravan that was boing Bwopt along the road. It consisted of a bearded Italian carrying a littlo child on his back ; beside hiin ran a littlo boy with threo pots, and a tiny girl wnipped in a coarse cloth, liko a scarecrow, rind tho rear was brought up by a young man with a bass viol, a violin, and a bundle of clotlie3. They trotted by, poor children of tho south, driven forward by tho raw wind of tho north, aud tho Countess Elsa's eyes followed them with the shadow of tears. Ono moro came after ; but no, ho did not belong to them, this tall man in the faultless military cloak, aud cap pulled far down over his brows. His eyes and hers met so directly that he could not but pause and bow. 'Did you see tho poor peoplo?' she asked, as she lcanod over tho railing. Tho palo ofliccr neared the gates nnd rested ono foot oil tho lower step of hor pavilion, but slio did not invito hiin in. 'Poor peoplo?' ho inquired, as if astonished. 'I saw none.' ' Oil, you aro up m the clouds I ened tho countess. ' Tlioy wero just in front of you, and at first I took you for one . of them.' He did not smilo. Such a thing seemed impossible for his quiot fentures. ' Oh, you mean tho Italian mus:ci ms. Why do you call them poor? Thoy are two, they havo children with thom. I call them rich. What does your tender heart find to pity in thom?' There was slight irony in'his tone, not that of a desiro to wound, but that which springs from a bittorly roused heart. 'Do you not soo that thoy havo no mother, and noliome ?' cried the countess. ' ' ' Home ? Why, they have tho lovoliest in tlio world — Italy.' ' Italy 1' sho exclaimed, angrily. ' Every man has the land of liis birth, I suppose. But thoso poor peoplo must wander, wander, wander among strangers, misunderstood, earning their bread from day to day, never seeing the next stop boforc them, going back to their Italy with gray hair and weary hearts, and knowing that she may grudge them ovon theii graves. ' ' And thoro aro pooplo who nover may hopo to see thoir nativo land again, coun tess,' answered tho palo ofiicor, sharply. ' Thoro aro many quite respectable people who wander among strangers, staiiimcrinj! another tongue, or grown quito dumb, but they find 110 pity, becauso thoy do not parado thoir loneliness. Do you think an oak tree may not bo lonely, helpless may not die of neglect in tho midst of a forest of oaks 1' Sho bent her head and roso. ' You should know that better than I,' alio said; 'but tho storm iB increasing and I am growing cold. Good night. Sho bowed and vanished from tho pavilion. .' Ho pursued his liomoward way against tlio wind, llllt, niU'P Tin ofnnrl Rf.ilT nnrl looked back. ' Sho must liato mo,' he said to hiin solf ; ' ' and why ?' Thon as ho walked lio murmured, ' Is it worth while ?' And when he reached homo ho said to his Cos sack : ' JiSsi, lay out my parado things to morrow. I Bliall make a visit.' Tho Countess Arcon was on tho point of making a tour of hor field, when sho heard tho boll announcing a visitor. It seemed to ring like a call for help in tho cars of tho mistress. ' ' Poor Aunt Odescali and poor visitor,' alio murmured, and turned back from the liodge-gato to tho front stops. Thero sho found Lioutenant Stornfold. She bowed, but stood still instead of ontoring the liouso. Tho beauty of the day might be hor oxcuso, though hor reception was not, cordial. Ho stood boforo hor as before his general, and said, coronioniously : 'Madanio.la cointesse, I havo como to pay you my respeets. How boautiful your park is !'? It was a beginning, and; thoy walked togothor along tho gravelled path and around tlio fountain in front of tho houso Ho answered moro than ho talked, but sho folt conversational with him in Bpito of liorsolf. Slio Bliowcd him tho two pavilions that lior husband's parents had .built, and spoko of lier own childish fancies. 'Yes,' ho replied, 'youth is irrepres sible. It is past and gone, and wo givo it up, but it always scorns to bo standing boliind us. to keop a soft hand on our sliouldor, and its Bweot mouth says, ' Thank God for mo.'' ? ' Ah, I liko you now 1' cried Elsa ; 'you would look on those poor musicians of yostorday with different eyes to-day. You nro ono of those, people on whom tlio , weather lias n great wJluvuco, liko plants.' ' Do you think so, countoss ?' ho an swered, with a Bad glimmer of a smilo. But it was a smilo. 'I think you. aro mistaken. Every heart longs for joy aud gladness ; tliare is nono that finds pleasure in melancholy only becauso tho weather oliangos. Tlio sunshine or storm that makes our souls light or dark is within us, and not easily altered by force of will.' ' If peoplo havo heavy burdens to boar,' said tho countoss, ' they must not isolato themselves ; they must ocok cheer ful peoplo and try to lead a cheerful life, else thoy will find existence poor and wrotchcd.' 'Doyoumcar mo?' he asked, softly. 'Yes' she returned, heartily. Pardon mo, but I think you aro a littlo unsym pathetic and unsociable. Of courso it couserns no one, least of all a woman ; but I am not a woman — I am a neigh bour.' He answered her smile, and there was something liko gratitude in his glance and the light that camo into his faco liko a wintor sun on a snow-field. ' Havo you novor heard, countess,' ho asked, slowly, 'of a woman who in a time of opidemic avoided hor own child, a id shut tho door on lier wcoping trea sure ? — who died alone, without a hand to ?vipe tho death-damp from hor brow, that sho might savo hor child of infection ? Or say that a man knows lio is poisoned through and through — that the touch of his hand, tho breath of his Hps will bring his own enrso on others — will ho not Bay to thoso who love him, 'Back'? Or, rathor, will ho not avoid ovcry opportu nity to lovo, whon he knows that his lovo .will bring destruction to its objeot ? Or, tako a wretched vagrant on whom rests tho curso of some crime, and who expects ovory day to feel tlio hand of ignominy oil his shoulder ; lot some loving boing — a friond, a wife, a brother — opon tho door o? a home to liim on his weary march, warm as the hearth may glow, soft as the lamp may burn, lovingly as tho lips may smilo, will ho enter to bring liis curse across that threshold ? No !' 'Perhaps not' said Elsio Arcon ; 'but what courage, to bo wrotchcd, dying, and to push away tho hand that would succor! But where have you learned that dreary way of looking at lifo ? Is not this earth beautiful ? Look nt the roses. See how ???ho sun sends pearly lights across the spray in the fountain. Is it not glorious ? Ib it not bliss to bo alive ?' 'Who could say no to you?' he an swered with shining oyes nnd a faint tremulousncss of tho lip. ' You fill evory ono that hears you with your joyin life. It is a blessed gift, and ono that scatters blessings. Cod protect you from all sad ness !' Sho blushed, but without embarrass ment, and their oyos' met. When tho glanco of two pure and noblo souls meet and hold each other, a moment of restful pause from tho storm of lifo comes to both, oven if what the world call love novor has oxisted betweon thom and nevor is to oxist. Sho only thought how glad sho was that at last ho Beeinod happy. Suddenly something seonied to separate hiin from hor, as if a horriblo recollection swept over his soul, Ho turned deadly palo, his mouth grow distorted, but only for a second ; then lie regained his self control, tho terrible quiet that Bhe had just succccdcd in breaking. Spirits may look so when thoy hover ovor tho cradlo of an orphan child and hear the cock crow. 'I quito forgot,' ho said, . presently , 'that 1 am undor ordora to-day, and must go back. Pardon mo for having trespassed on your time so long, madamo. Had sho dreamed that this apathctio statue that spoke so mechanically and moved so wearily hnd been but a moment before a thinking, fooling human being ? No. As sho looked after him, Elsa said to herself that ho was no misanthrope, ho was not unfeeling, he was only mortally tired. Ho had a heart. A few days aftorward there was a fair in ono of tho great mavket townB, and Elsa Arcon, with hor Aunt Odescali and eight or ton friends from tho neighboring estates, drovo over in a party to look on. Lato in tlio afternoon they set out for home, but tho evening was so lovely that it seemed 'a pity to separate, and what plensantor than to accept tlio invitation of tho pretty Countess ' Arcon, and have suppor and spend the night at Castlo Lancut ? Aftor supper, as tho moonlight was bril liant, they all wont out on tho torraco, whoro the night air wa3 heavy with tho porfun'io of flowers. ' It is just the hour to listen to some tli'n' thrilling,' said ono of tho ladies. ' Who knows a ghost story ?' ' Or a murder story ?' said anothet. ' You always have a story ready, Dobski,' cried ono of tlio men to the freckled little count, tho only officer present. ' Yes, I know a stoiy, but not tho.Bort you want. ' It iB true, though ; I liavo it on tho best of authority.' ' Oh, toll it ! When did it happen ? Do wo know tho lieroino ?' 'That I can not say, but it happened about a weok ago in PariB. Tlio lady's name was Felice Franois. Her father was a gonerai in tuo cavairy, ana sno was ont of boarding-school. Tho old genoral, though he was much beloved by tho anny, was really rather a common sort of advon turer. Ae was oxtravogant to tlio laBt degree, guzzled champagne at breakfast, ana liis wife was a milliner's doll, and nothing moro. So ho wont on making debts, though ho know ho nover could pay, and ovory ono lent because ho gavo liis word of honor. But a day camo when he -must either break liia word or go to tho Jowb. Well, ho had a friond, an old man, who said to him : ' I will pay your debts on condition that you soli mo your daughter— I bog pardon — I mean that she will marry mo. So tho fatlior spoko to his dauglitor, and sho clung to tho old man with both liands, and to secure silk drosses and diamonds fur lifo she soldhorsclf liko a bale. of goods.' 'Is that all tho story?' said a Polish count. 'Thoro iB nothing unusual ill that.' ? ? _ ' Yes,' grinned Count Dobski, ' it isa vory simploBtory, but suppose tho heroine woro one of our friends ?' 'Oil, it is too disgraceful I' cried tho ladies. At last tho moon sot, and tlioy separated for tho night. As Dobski kissed his hostess's hand, sho said : 'Thank you, count, for ontortaining my gucBts so kindly when I wns tiled.' 'Oh, countoss, you flatter mo,' ho answered, modestly. But if ho had seen hor heart ho would have trembled, ro morsolesB as lie was. Early tlio next morning tho guests assembled for ? breakfast and departure. The ludv of the liouso Bent lior excuses. Slie had caught cold oil the terrace, and was unable to appoar. : Aftor tho guosta woro gono, Aunt Mona knocked at tho door until al.o opened it. w:.,, : mm red, with sleeplessness or crying, ns she said : 'A littlo headacho, auntio. I am bettor, thank' you.' Then sho went back to her chair, and sat down with her head in hor hands, supposing hor amiling aunt would go away. But suddenly sho folt Aunt Mona's hand on her shoulder, and hoard he say : ' ElBa, I will tell you whnt is the matter. Will you listen ?' Elsa stared at her. Tlio stereotyped smilo had gono from lior faco, and her eyes wore dim with tears ; and sho spoko dis tinctly, though slow and heavily : ' You wonder to hear mo talk, and to know that I can think. A voilsoeined to fall from my mind not long ago, and iny head began to live again. But it was hard for mo to talk, so I kept still, and 1 heard peoplo say such ovil things, that I did not caro to open my mouth to them. But you novor laughed at me, Elsa, and I must speak to you, for you nro unhappy. That foul-mouthed man wounded you to the hoart yesterday, and you arc alone. I can only comfort you, not help you ;you must find a friend to do that. You have oiio in your' heart, and he is bravo, but you would never call him, so I have sent for him, and ho will bo here to-day- Who is ho, do you ask ? Could I mean any one but the man who this moment is riding to your door ?' And she pointed to tho window, and tho man that Elsa Arcon saw was Lieutenant Sternfeld. She went down to receive him, and motioned him to sit beside her. Ho said, in his weary yot courteous way, that she had sent for him, and that ho had come to know in what way ho could bo of service to her. She tried to answer with coldness and prido, but sho looked at hint and trusted liim. 'Pardon my sending for you,' she an swered ; 'I need a friend.' ' Who has moro friends than the Coun tess Arcon ?' ' Friends who would liko to be suitors. Do you think ono of tho men who como to my house, if I called on thein in this way, would not feel justified in taking advan tage of it? Fer that reason I sent for you.' ' For mo ?' 'Yes; because you are indifferent to me si a woman, because you aro indif ferent to the wholo world, and because I feel that you are an honorablo man.' She was almost ns pale as he, ns she con tinued : ' So, in this moment of niy life when I need help, will you be my friend?' She seemed rather to confer than ask a favour. ' Your friend,' ho murmured. ' It is a simple thing that I ask you to do ; only to read this letter from my dead fatlior on the day of my marriage to General Arcon.' -' Cuuutess, I cannot road your letter, I cannotaccept tho honor of your friendship, nor ask you to roly on my befriending you. ' Sho roso, with rago and shame. 'Becauso 1 am nut a tlamcusc!' she cried. 'You know about that?' His eyes woro unnaturalli and his lips grew n3 white as his cheeks. Sho was frightened at what sho had said, but hor prido camo back. ' I have heard it.' ' That daitssxisc, madamo lacomtesso, I havo nevor spoken, to, nover even seen,' lio said, with a return of his customary indifference to her, to tho world, to him self. ' Prince Toko was her avowed lover. Ono evening at mess, when ho had beon drinking, ho gave an infamous description of his inamorata, with whom ho had quarelled. 1 did not know the woman, but the thing enraged mo. I told the princo my opinion of him. That was all.' Sho drew a long brenth. 'Cnn you pardon mo ? I was hurt at you refusing to defend me. And so the thing blew ovor ?' His lips formed tho word ' Yob.' ' And you forgive mc ?' 'For what?' ' I was afraid I had wounded you,' she said, almost shyly. He made lio answer, only took the letter, and said : ' I am to read' this ?' ' If you please.' It ran as follows : ' My nr.Ain.Y rklovkd Ei.sa: Will you, indeed, tako this step ? Think that he ia an' old man, nnd you are still almost a child. Truo, lie once did mo a great service, and spared mo a deep sorrow, but was lie not my old friend and companion in arms ? Now that ho is sick and alono ho needs caro, you say, and you will pay my moral debt and fottcr your young lifo to a sick old man. Don't do it Elsa, 1 imx-lore you. Arcon is no longer rich, and we are wealthy onco moro. Wo will make him ono of ourselves, and teach him to forget his pride, but not through your solfsaeri fice. There is still timo to say no, Elsa. \- Say it !' ' I was an ovorstrung, eccentric girl,' said Elsa, as ho finished, ' but I havo never regretted my step. I gavo my fathor's benefactor a happy old ago. The world judges only by appearances, and yostorday a wicked man said wicked things of mo to my faco, without naming names. But how often will ho name that at moss nnd in gossiping visits? So nil. I. ask- la- titat a friend who is not a lover shall say with authority, 'It is not truo.' Will jou say that ?' ' What do you require of mc, countess?' ho ouclaimed. ' If you only know 1' 'What do I require !' she cried, in a stifled voice. 'Ia it so much? Am I not worth oven a word ?' ' Yes,' lie groaned. ' You must not spoak bo. You aro tearing my heart out. Pardon mo for leaving you, countess — I am ill. You shall learn whether I can bo your friend or undertake this mission, but not now. ' Ilia words rang in hor ears, but lie was gono. * *. * *,** Lieutenant Sikunfei.d to the Countess Ancox. 'Madajie la Comtksse: I do not know what I am to say to you in'thiB letter. I only know that I must tell you all that struggles iu mo. Yon will tako these words for what tlioy aro, tho cry of . a heart tliat would givo tho last drop of its blood to spare you a sad moniontj to wiii a smilo from you, to linger for tin hour by your side. I am young, my heart is full to overflowing, and I shall never soo you again. From tho . moment that you road these lines I shall havo vanished from tho world for you. Do not be angry that I dared not accept tho honor of being your brother. My unhappy fato forbids mo to livo with lifo, to count upon to morrow. But ono thing it does, not for bid— tho courago and tlio power to tell you that I lovo you with tho first; holiest, and oh,- indeed, tlio last lovo of my heart. I lovo you with ovory fibre of-my being, with ovory thought of my soul, withoveiy :. Vpulao of my body that in a fow. momaiw* ??R. J is to moulder in tho grave, whoro it lias long boon due. I lovo you unutterably. God bless you. Farewell forever. S.' * * * * * . * A starless night hung ovor tho Lancut estates, oppressive, damp darkness, through which a woman knocked at the lonolyfami-houso whero LioutenantStorn fold lived. Tho door was oponed by tho man himself, with a light in his hand. Slio entered ; her old servant, John Drim, stood Oil tho stops outside. Tho Cuuntess Elsa Arcon pushed back the hood of her watcrpropf and said, as she stood within tho threshold : ' Lieutenant Sternfeld, you aro a wicked man. ' Ho placed his light on the window-sill with trembling lingers, only say ing : 'You hero, countess?' and then stood with folded hands before her, as if sho were a saint. But alie looked at liim with breath less anger. ' You terrrified mo to death by your lettor. Heaven bo praised, you aro here.' ' You wore alarmed about mo ?' 'Yes sho answered, honestly, though the glanco sho gavo liim was indcscribablo in its reproach and prido ; ' now it is ovor. I was alarmed about a human being in deep distress. I was stupid enough for that. No ono ever cared for my grief.' Ho caught her hand and hold her from going ' Elsa, do not loavo mo !' Ho cried. I told you that I was wretolicd, and you' — 'I ouly wished to tell yon to bo bravo,' sho struck in. ' You have a wifo you do not love, or you are in love with some one you cannot marry, and you whimper liko a child. Is that manly ?' ' Lovo anyono , but you ? I can bear it no longer in this last hour when I must return to tho gravo in which I have been lying for a year. Elsa, I dared not tako or return lovo, because— I am a dead man !' She took a sudden stop backwards and stared at him as if ho was lhad. ' Yes, ' ho continued, with his oyes fixed despairingly on her faco; 'Have you nover felt it ? Listen. I am only a ghost ; to.morrow's sun must not seo mo on earth. Do you think I am mad ? Listen. My parents wero poor ; I was always lonoly and ambitious, and I would not dissipate my youth as othor men do in my profossion. 1 told you of my quarrel with Princo Telco. A duel natu rally followed, but our colonel interfered and it was stopped, at least apparently ; not really, however. As wo could not fight openly, wo arranged a secret duel. Wo drew lots in tho prcscnco of two witnesses, Dobski and Linski. Tlio one oil whom the lot fell was to die by his own hand before tho end of a year. It fell on mo, nnd to-morrow is my hist day. Why should I not havo died before ? 1 could lake care of my niothor so much the longer ; and I lived so litvlv always work ing for my fortune. So I havo lived my year, but how ! Day by day, hour bj hour, death crept towards mo. I dared bind myself to no one. I must stamp out all longing for lifo and lnvo. Tlion you camo into my lifo, and I loved you. ] saw heaven, and dared not stretch out my hand towaixl it ; I saw tho highest blessing of lifehcldout to mc,and had to dash it from my thirsting lips. I must die — and you stand before mo tlio image of tlio beauty, glory, and blessedness of life, hopeless!; lost to inc. ' His oyes closed, and ho fell full length boforo hor, catching a fold of her dress in his fall. Slio sank beside hint, took him in hor amis, and begged him, as if beside liorsolf to say it was nut true ; she cried that she loved him, and huw was it pos sible for him to din when thoy could be happy ? 'It is well I took the poison bofure you came, 'he said, at hist ; 'now Ishould not have the courage. ' His eyes did not closo again, but rested on her faco with an expression of unspeak able love. She saw tho end was near, and neither spoke nor moved. Hor lips received his last breath. Tho wholo corps was at first horrified at tho 'legitimate' suicide of a bravo com rade, who an hour before his death had written to tho colonel setting forth tho reason, but thoy all declared ho could not havo dono otherwise. The Countess Elsa Arcon withdrew with her poor aunt to some quiet Italian baths. Tho great world thought tho countess was acting nobly in tending her poor imbecile relative. They did not know it was tho relative who was nursing a dying woman. For when the Spring camo Elsa went out of lifo as a flame goes out. A maladic de languor, said the physicians. Sho was buried in the sweet Italian convent which bIio had ondowed with hor fortune, nnd in which AuntMonalingorcd out her last days, without a wok! nnd without a smile. — Translated from the German of E. M. Vacano by Helen, Lake, 