TTJEF GOSSIP. Br AUCHJB. The second day's bill ol fare of the Sooth Austin* Jockey Club would, hftvc been con Biderably improved had the Maiden Plate been framedI so that hdrses of three years old and ahoo,d receive allowances, and had the Selling Race been on the flat instead of over hurdles. It was .pleasant indeed to Bee Mr. IJ. t>. Wallaces colours in front in the Maiden Plate, and his colt made such an example of Gohanna and Hampstead that they can hardly be reckoned third-class animals. It is possible, however, that they may improve. I wasn't at all surprised to Bee Remus win the Nursery Handicap, for he had Bhown fair form in the Produce atakes. Mr. Cook has a most promising colt in this son of Gang Forward and Romula. one which will, perhaps, ripen into a Derby horse. When the betting on theNnrsery first opened, it was thousht Solowas going "abon dance,' but forsoineoccult reason he suddenly receded to 10 to 1 I presume his owner dis covered that he coiilan't score a trick, and went' niisire." Arsenal didn't shape well, for Powerwas hard at him below thedistance, yet he couldn't obtain a situation. Although the South Australians changed the venue from Morphetville to Flemington, they had the satis faction to see both the Dig races of the meet ing won by horses from their own colony, and this makes the conduct of the legislators who drove them out all the more deplorable, for it would have been highly gratifying to the inhabitants of Adelaide to have seen their own horses victorious at Morphetville in the principal races of the South Austra lian Jockey Club. I'm rather surprised that the visitors from the sister colony did not support Lord Wilton more freely. By his tunning in the Goodwood Handicap he had proved he was in form, and his second to Blink Bonny in the Caulfield Cup was good enough^ to follow, seeing that it 'was a most meritorious performance^ inasmuch as the mare in front of him is about the best of her sex in the^southern hemisphere. I confess I was surprised to see Anchorite play such a prominent part in the great straggle. At Randwick he ran indifferently, but Mr. D. M. Robertson has certainly improved him, and he just missed another Coronet coup by a length. Sardius ran like a racehorse, but the New Zealander Welcome Jack was never dangerous, and Conjecture conclusively de monstrated that she is the queen of jades. To young James Wilson she has probably proved the most expensive animal he ever had under his charge. Britisher ran like a faint-hearted one, and didn't prove worthy of his name. He is one of those horses that can astonish you in private, but when he is Sinched he retires as gracefully as Gladstone oes when the Russians make an advance. Prometheus was suffering from rheumatism, and as Mr. Crooke had not been able to do much with him he was not fit. Plausible, about the distance, presented a bold front, but it was only a flash in the pan, as was the rush of Hazard. Lantern I did not expect to see ran it out, as the ground was hardly 8 luted to one of his make and shape. That Middlemarch is a brilliant horse over bis own distance he once more proved by the manner in which he.vyon the Flying Handi cap, and I was glad to see a deserving trainer like A Davies have a winning turn. The tfind-up to the meeting on Tuesday was a very pleasant oncv and it is somewhat remarkable that althoi^gh the attendance was not so laige as on any preceding day, the re ceipts were in excess. This is accounted for by the fact that members of the V.R.CL were less numerous. ? The facing was moderately Sood... The Eallatat party landed the jumping ouble with theTaari^auian-bred horses Echo ind Colebrook^ and1 pejieve they appropiated a good stake. I thought Tattler should have won the Hurdle Rape, and Echo's victory was solely due to a splendid effort on the part of Corngaii. Mr. , Talbot .well deserved the Win, for "he , lias stuck to the old Tastpahian most loyally. Echo has ex perienced the yicisajiuSes of life during his career. He hag been hack, spring-cart and generally useful horse, flat-racer, hurdle racer, and qteeplecbasec: It was while riding him that poor '^iddy .Carey was killed at Hobart. but It was ino fault of the horse's thit he fell, aa a jhuhile rebounded and caused the toouol^. Hemus proved what a really good colt ho U by winning the bracket handsqmeVi gOtt I suall not be At all sur prised if Mr. Cook has j& Derby cqlt ip thu son of Gantv Forwjud and Romtua. ,First Pop bad no difficulty in winning the Chanty Plate, and Colebrook mote than recompensed Mr. Loughlia for,the money he gave for him in Tasmania. The, chesnut is a splendid jumper, and Will he heard of again. Poor old blackthorn was ridden most resolutely by M'Leod, bat he had no show with Colebrook, to whom he was conceding no less than 2sL . Colebrook narrowly escaped a serious accidept through wrenching one of hia hihd phpeg partially off. Had it not been for jthiYiie .wpulaliave won even easier than he did., Stjohh's performance over the mile and a quarter was the fastest ever made in Australia. It was in Btrikirig contrast to his previous running, but horses, will roji"ih. and ont, and I suppose , this brqther toTrunm Yoss is one of the uncertain tube.' Th'ti meeting was fairly successful, much more so pecuniarily than it would have: been at M6rphecvill& and if the members of theSb^fch AuitraUa^ Jockey Club.afe com-; pellijd' ^lexlj ; Mur to hold their' meetmg at Flemingfcok fta^Onbt. a revised programme will be'ptavidMi B&dL; the minor events will be mote atbwsbivp,, -, '? ' The prercnee tif the Engliah horse Cheviot ' baa induced me to look up the doings of bis rite and dam, as veil as .some of his relatives, and theyare of a character that should re commend this horse to Australian breeders. Eis sire, Adventurer, was by Newmioater from Palm, by Emilias from Francesca, and as a stud horse he was one of the most famous in England, and in his time he could lay claim to Pretender (winner of (he Derby), Apology (winner of the One .Thou sand, Oaks, St Leger, and Ascot Cap), Wheel of Fortane (winner of the One Thousand and Oaks); and many other great winners. Cheviot's dam, Grey Stocking, was not a brilliant performer, though she won the St Lie Handicap and other races; bat her sister, Athena, was one of the beBt fillies in Eng land as a two year old. She was the property of the Marquis of Hastings, and commenced her career by winning a Maiden Plate at Newmarket, beating 20 others, and on the following day ehe beat Grimston in a sweepstakes of 500 sovs. each. At Stock bridge she ran a dead heat with Leonie in a sweep of 1,000 sovs. each, but was beaten in the run-off ; and at the following Stockbridge meeting Bhe won a sweepstakes of 200 sovs. each. At the Newmarket July meeting she met Grimston again in the Exeter Stakes, and beat him four lengths. At Goodwooa she won the Levant Stakes ; at IDoncaster the Filly Stakes; the Hopeful Stakes, For lorn Stakes, and a sweepBtekes at New market Altogether, as a two year old, she won £5,8G0 in stakes. As a three year old she won the Badminton Stakes at Bath, ran third for the Oaks, beat Greehsleeves in the Coronation Stakes at Ascot, won a sweep stakes at. Newmarket, won the Park-hill [Stakes atDoncaster, won the Grand Duke Michael Stakes at Newmarket, beating the great French horse Mortemer. The Spy, See Saw, and Restitution at weignt-for-age, and walked over for a sweepstakes at New market, winning that year £5,665 m stakes. Asa four year old she became the property of Lord Kosebery, and won twice. Athena won nearly £12,000 in Btakes during her career, and if some descendant of her nephew Cheviot can at some future time win halj this snm in Australia his fame as a stud horse will be pretty well established. Everybody who takes an interest in the turf will rejoice to hear that Mr. Blackler has settled the little difference he had with the South Australian Jockey Club. At the Madras Gymkhana races the St David's Cup was won by Violet, the Pittapon Cup by Glamis, the Trotting Race by Phyllis, the Civil Service Cup by Harkaway, the V.C. Stakes by Pericles, the High Court Cup by Satanella, and the Merchants' Cup by The Dude. In the High Court Cup the English mare Sweetheart was second. The winners of the above races are all Australian bred horses. Referring to a jockey who was once a fair performer on Australian courses, the Indian Planter's Gazette Bays " William Green halg, Esq., is nowadays, in spite of size, a very great man in Bangalore, for not only has he entire charge of the largest racing stable there, but he has recently won a dogcart and horse in a raffle, so he now aims the aesthetic swell and drives swiftly round the station every evening, dressed to the' nines-he no longer answers to the familiar nickname of ' Cornstalk,' and never plays whist save with the civilians of the station. Gerard Bays ' Sir' to him now now whenever they meet" This lad ought to make his way in the world. Mr. W. S. Cox has determined to add 300 sovs. to the Moonee Valley Cup, which is to be run at the spring meeting. The distance is to- be a mile, ana the first horse will re ceive 200 sovs., the second 75 sovs., and the third 25 sova The nomination-fee will be a sovereign only, and therefore I expect to see a very large entry. If the Duke of Westminster missed the Two Thousand Guineas through selling Paradox, he fared better in the One Thou sand, which was won by his filly Farewell, by Doncaster from Lily Agnes, by Macaroni Her sire is a son of Stockwell, and will be remembered as the highest-priced racehorse the world ever knew. It is with extreme regret I have to an nounce the death of Mr. Albert Selman, who for many years was the proprietor of the Willow-vale breeding stud. For some time he had been a martyr to rheumatism, but I believe the actual cause of death was an accident he met with by a fall from his horse, and he Buccumbed on the 8th of May. In the district in which he resided no man was more respected, and among racing men he was esteemed as a straight forward and honourable man. Years ago, when the " sports" of Tasmania enjoyed what onr American cousins would term " a high old time," no man was better known than Mat Wilks, who had an interest in two or three horses, ana played the game with spirit He fell into bad times, and latterly he had great difficulty in making both ends meet Never very robust, he got thinner and thinner, until he became a mere skeleton, and died last week at the age of 58. From the Tasmanian I learn that Mr. A. M'Bain has purchased from Mr. John Field the yearling filly by Lapidist from Blink Bonny's dam. The same authority states that Mr. M'Bain intends to bring his four year-old colt Bonnie Dundee to Melbourne, to dispose of him by auction. If he should not succeedin getting his price, he will pro bably leave him with some Victorian to be trained- for the Melbourne Cup. Mr. John Field ibtends to shortly ship MalUa's half sister to the care of Mr. T. Wilson, by whom she will be trained at Ballarat It may interest Victorians to know that, as a yearling, the highest priced among Mr, John Field s horses that nave since become famous-as racehorses was Blink Bonny, who realised £85. Bingwood was sold for 35 guineas and Maloa for 40 guineas, Stockwell £51. Sheet Anchor £40, and Tasmari£35. Mr. Alfred Page, who formerly owned Horatio, and now has a number of young horses by the son of Haribyrnong, intends to bring a draft to Melbourne to submit to 'public competition. Denmark, Cole brpok, Morven, and Minerva have shown us how perfectly the descendants of Horatio can jump, tod if these young ones of Mr. Page's breeding are well grown, he should have no diffimilty in finding purchasers for them. The announcement that the New Zealand champion, Welcome Jack, is to be sold by auction has created quite a flutter among racing men. V phaeton," of the Auckland, Weekly News, says " Mr. J. Bennett informs me that it is his intention to forward the. Piscatorius Yatterlaa colt to Sydney at an early date, there to undergo- his preparation for -two-year old engagements, of which he has; I under stand, a good many on the other side. I had alookttt this youngster during thte present week, ajid if make and shape, combined with good looks, are to make a racehorse of him, then il.will cettainly not be veryJo% before : we hear of his name in connexion with a big race. He is undoubtedly a great colt lor Ms age, and it is a. thousand pities he is going out of the country. It is. I understand, quite likely -thai Rosebud, the two-year-old daughter of Musket and, Roearina, will also gd oVer to Sydney, though not juBt at ptg&ent; The Piscatoiius- Yatterma Colt is ttirauffe faia^repara$fon at the hands of Mr. & Victorian-bred horses played a very pdo* put in the S.AJ.C. meeting. ^The Soa$i Australian bred horses very appropriately carried off the. chief honours, Lantern, Lord Wilton, Joanna, Remus, and St John having been raieed'in the western «olony, and to these feu the Goodwood Handicap, Adelaide Cop, Sues Produce Stakes,, Nursery Handi cap. Ladiea'Bracelet, and S.A. J.Q Handicap. New. South Wales juoduced The Broken Auddlem&reh;, and Capri, who won the St Leger, Flying Handicap, and Maiden Plate; aad Tasmania claims Echo and Colebrook, who won the bardie Bace and Steeplechase on the lest day, the other winners being Sir Patrick, Pyrette, Fusilier, and First Pop. who were bred in Victoria. After Jahcheoo in the stewards1 room on the last day of 4hpjS.A.J.C. meeting, Mr. C. B. Fisher expressed regret that toe South Australian Jockey* Glob should have been compelled to bold its meeting at Flemington. The chairman of the V. K.CL also ventured a hope that wise legislation would once more establish the grand old sport in South Aus tralia. Let the totnlisator be again legalised, bat tinder restrictive conditions, so that it can be used upon no coarse more than four or five days in the year. Racing will then flourish at Morphetville as well as the old course, and the -numerous tradesmen and farmers who have suffered so much by extreme legislation will no longer have to complain of hard times. Some surprise was expressed at Middle oaarcn finishing absolutely last in the Ladies' Bracelet on Tuesday, but this was easily ex plained when he returned to the enclosure, tot then it was Been that he had broken a small blood- vessel. Robertson noticed it and, of course, eased up at once. Ji.r' A?ch.ie YuiIle experienced another slice of bad luck on Tuesdny, when his colt Car tooncle dropped down dead while exercising on the Flemington training groUud. The colt was purchased by Mr. Yuilie after his running at the Jast Moonee Valley meeting, and his new owner was about disposing of him to one of the Indian trainers. As the colt appeared to be in excellent health up to the time of his death, it is supposed that heart diseaae was the cause of his death. Messrs. W. C. Yuilie and Co. held a sale at their Flemington yards on Monday last, but buyers were few and far between. Capri was sold to Mr. T. Coffey for 200 guineas, and Colstoun was disposed of for' the small Bum of 50 guineas. Messrs. Robertson's year ling colt Claudian and Lapidist colts were submitted, as also were St Lawrence and other horses, but they were passed in with out changing hands. A case which must be interesting to book makers was disposed of by the Supreme Court of New South Wales on Monday. Mr. J. D. Cox, a bookmaker, had been fined for betting in the St Leger enclosure, and he applied to _ the Supreme Court to set aside his conviction and fine on a charge of using a certain place within the St Leger en closure at Randwick for the purpose of bet ting on a horse race. The Court unanimously reversed the conviction, on the ground fh^fr the evidence did not show that the defendant was using any specified place within the meaning of the act for the purpose of carry, ing on his calling: Excellent entries have been received for the Shepparton meeting, which is to be held on the 25th May. They are the best ever received for the winter meeting. While re ferring to Shepparton, I may as well remind breeders that foals must be described for the ioal Stakes on or before Friday next. May 23. There was a most successful meeting at Elsternwick-park on Wednesday. The Coronet Cup resulted in the greatest surprise of the season, for Yellow Hammer was the rankest outsider in the race, yet Mr. Brad shaw has often declared that on the training ground the horse has several times shown him wonderful trials. He was in splendid condition, and once he got in front he never gave his opponents the ghost of a chance. The members of the fourth estate were glad to see one of their craft successful, and I hope this may be the forerunner of a long line of similar successes, for no man better deserves to win than my old friend "The Professor." Through a continuous run of ill luck he hag stuck to the game with all the ardour of a true sportsman, and it is gratifying indeed to see him victorious. Another member of the fourth estate was successful during the day. Derision, who won the last race, being the property of the gentleman who owned Den mark. The club was fortunate in the selling races, and netted a nice little sum by the ««We of Walhalla andStudley, the former of whom was purchased, I believe, to go to Western Australia. A great number of our South Australian visitors departed for their homes on Tuesday night G. O'Brien will leave to-day with Lantern, Ruby, Miss Merlin, and the yearling filly by Zelplia. M'Netmara will also go with Lord Wilton and Manfred, and EL Tothill will be accompanied by Sardius, Surprise, and Topaz. The conditions of the A. J.C. Metropolitan Stakes appear this week, and it will be seen that the added money again is 500 sova, but the forfeit is 5 so vs., little enough, I think, for so rich a stake. Entries close on Monday. June L And, while referring to entries to be made on the 1st of next month, I would remind owners of horses that the conditions of the Maribyrnong Plate, Melbourne Cup,, Derby;, and other great races of the V.R.G, also appear this week, They, too, close on, the 1st of Jane, upon which day Mr. Moors and his assistants will be kept pretty busy in the V.R.C. secretariat Messrs. Yuilie and Co. announce that they have for.' private sale the stallions Argus Scandal and Chatterer; and Mr. M. Fennelly advertises that Bargo and Tremando also are for private sale. I .notice, too, that Mr. Frank Bobbins has for sale his two handsome roadster stallions, Manhattan and Powhattao. The Hon. \Y. Robinson shipped from New Zealand his horses Vanguard, Oudeis, and Liverpool in the steamship Wakatipu, which left for Sydney a few days aco. They will form a portion of the New Zealand sports man s string which has been sdecced to re present him in the ensuing Australian cam paign. Vanguard,, who has' been successful upon several occasions in his native country. is by Traducer from En Avant, by Lord Lyon from Lady Mary, by Orlando. His dam is. therefore, three-fourths sister to Gang For. m v k!VC£po°l King of Clubs from Idalia, CambuBcair fwmJDufcibella by Vol ^therefore, half-brother to Sir Moored, one of the best animals ever Aiha southern colony. Oudeis is by Albany from No. Name, hy Tladucer, and he won the Canterbury Derby last year. I hear ^ another colt named Manchester, whmh may be the cal^ by St George from Jlifc. who, is epgtoed in theV.lLC. Derby. If Tin. when be brought Lurline here, and after running at the A. J.C. t spring meet ing. they will probably visit Victoria for the purpose of running at the \\.A.T.C. and V.R.C. meetings. With "Welcome Jack and Mr. Robinson's string out of the way there will be a chance for animals of more mode rate calibre in New Zealand. The southern colony's loss, however, will be our pain, and Bhould our visitors succeed in winning some of the good things dispensed by the V.R.C. we shall be delighted to find that their enter prise has been deservedly rewarded. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. will hold several Bales of horses next week, com mencing on Monday with several of Mr. J. Calverrs, amongst them being Mossiface, by Wollomai from Daphne. This ia a very fair performer. Jack Roach is also included, on Tuesday they will sell a useful lot for Mr. David Bourke, continuing on Wednesday with some useful horses belonging to Mr. Little, of Benatla; and on Thursday they will dispose of a number of thoroughbreds, principally by the imported horse VMCO di Uama, who was one of the best-shaped sires that ever was brought to the colony. The Tribune Hunters' Plate, to be con tested at the New South Wales Agricultural Show, in September, should be worth winning. The trophv will be valued at 25 sovs., ana to this will be added 100 sovs., which will be divided into three prizes, £60 and the plate for the first horse, 25 sovs. for the second, and 15 sovs. for the third. The contest will be open to horses that have never been first, second, or third in a steeplechase since August, 1884; they are to carry 13st, and must be. in the oninion of the judges, up to that weight They will have to be ridden by amateurs in hunting or steeplechase costume, and each horse is to be tried twice round the jumping ground. ... , . Mr. James Mitchell, of Tabletop, has in structed Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. to sell a number of well-bred horses on 'Wed nesday next, at Kirk's Bazaar. Most of them are by Glorious, and are reported to be well grown, serviceable animals. j Sir William Clarke has purchased the year ling colt by Piscator from Melanie, a very fine youngster that was bought a few days ago by Mr. W. E. Dakin. Sir William has also leased the yearling colt Damocles, by Gan<* Forward from Queen of Naples, and the half Bister to Tyropean. These ought to prove a powerful addition to the string of the Sun bury baronet, and, should his colours be the first to catch the judge's eye in the Maribyr nong Plate, there will be a ringing cheer from the multitude on hill, stand, and fiat. The colt by Gang Forward from JoBephine has been rechristened First Consul While paying, my usual weekly visit to Flemington this week I had a look at the new training track inside the course proper. It is now pretty well finished, and appears to be one of the best jobs ever effected at Flemington. Sardius and Lord Wilton, both looking well, were cantering round the outer track, and the former should win the Adelaide Birthday Cup. I noticed a very nice year ling brother to Middlemarch cantering, and the good-looking and well-grown V.C., by Grandmaster from Victorine, has been broken in by Morrison. Further afield I saw old Commotion, enjoying himself ina well- grassed paddock. The veteran champion looked won derfully well, and the short spell he has been treated to seems to have had a marvellous effect upon him. I believe Fryingpan's leg is sound again, and both of these horses will resume slow work in a few days. The gentleman who races under the nom de course of Mr. W. Neil meditates a trip to the old country, and before leaving intends to dispose of his racehorses and thoroughbred Btock. The entries for the Sydney Tattersall's winter meeting are in every way satisfactory. For the Hurdle Race there are 21 engaged, and for the Flying Handicap 48 names appear. The Grand National Steeplechase has filled with 24 nominations, and amongst them are the Victorians Echo, Songster, Granville, Sir Patrick, and Mernder, though as Echo is reported to have been sold to a New South Wales sporting man he may represent the sister colony. For the Selling Plate there are 22, and in the Contingent Stakes there are 44, including several Victorians. There is no pleasanter resort around Mel bourne than Moonee Valley, especially at this time of the year, and if the weather be fine this afternoon Mr. Cox Bhould have a large number of visitors. The Trial Stakes may go to Sister Unice or Fernside. Gymk hana, Gipsy's Warning, and Footman look be3t on paper for the W est Bourke Handicap; Tandstickor, Pride of the Hills, or Studley may win the Steeplechase; Primus or Gold Top the Selling Bace, and Gymkhana, Ariel, or Derision the May Handicap. King of the Gipsies has been scratched for the Birthday Handicap, and Achilles and Wanda for all engagements at the M. H. C. meeting. The following have also been scratched for the Birthday Handicap Sandal, St Lawrence, Acolyte, The Teacher, Dnnlop, and Dirk Hatteraick. Welcome Jack was submitted to auction on Thursday, bnt was passed in at 1,250 guineas, 1,500 being the reserve. Messrs. Yuille and Co., however, disposed of Forlorn Hope to Mr. Whitty at 85 guineas, Miles to Mr. H. Haines for 55 guineas, and Patchwork to Mr. Cripps for 75 guineas. Mr. J. J. Miller, jun., has Bhipped for Queensland a very fine trotting colt named Builder, by Contractor, whose Btock are very promising. A. Clark, who came from India in search of a couple of maiden horses, has purchased ConingsDjr and Gohanna, through Messrs. Yuille and Co. If possible they will be de spatched by the mail boat next week, when Uphill will leave with four, including The Flyer, who won a couple of selling races at Moonee Valley. If all goes well with Coningsby I shall not be surprised to hear of him being champion of India, for be has brilliant pace and can carry big weights. Mr. D. M. Robertson left for Sydney last evening, and was preceded by Anchorite and Cincinnatns, who have gone over to fulfil their engagements at the Sydney Turf Clnb Meeting. The brother to Coriolanns has im proved of late, and as Anchorite ran like a good colt in the Adelaide Cup, we should be well represented. P. Kelly, the Brighton trainer, who has been an ^inmate of the Alfred Hospital for some tiiae,^srasable to leave the institution this week. Et^haa been suffering from a very severe attack©! rheumatism. From New Zealand I learn that the brood mare llalvina and her filly foal have been shipped to Melbourne, and that the yearling Cbltby Apremont from Aglaia has also been sent here. The latter is the property of Mr. JL & Blackwood, whose colours I hope to see first in a big race some day. It is said that the S.A.J.C. will have a surplus of about £200over the late meeting. C. Bartholomew, who served his time at Newmarket, England, is anxious to obtain a: situation as bead lad or jockey. He has had and I believe tho- j i business. >f the Victoria Racing Jjlbe found among the '.'The.Audrdatian. It increased by upwards of £2,000, the winter meeting alone showing £400 more than last year. A weight-for-age hurdle race of 200 BO vs. has been added to the first day of the spring meeting, and a weight-for-age steeple chase of 300 BOVS. to the third day. A Nur sery Handicap ha3 been substituted for the Darling Stakes on the Becond day. and the Criterion Stakes, for two year olds, has again been added to the New Year's Day pro gramme. I'm glad to' see that the Royal park Stakes and Canterbury Stakes have been increased to two miles and two miles and a half respectively. The Btakes in various events have been increased, and the forfeits altered to meet the views of racing men. I'm glad to seethatbytheconditionsoftheMaiden Stakes, to be run at the Autumn Meeting, the competitors will have to carry special weights; three year olds, 8st; four years, £st. 51b.; five years and upwards, 8a. 71b. 