[?] : ' >. , (rnoK. jlAnwin'n MAOAZijtB). : ; , .. Yoii.wouhlii't bolinvcmo lit I told you what ah axoilomOiit if. mined .when -Abnor. \- - .gutAimt Fir, roll's; lottor.. Baying how tlio doctor had onlurcd'hor.nwny from tho Now England -climate, and that slio was -.coming to 'Poiiusylyninn, hnd wanted ; y.jnm i/uiuotuup a qmoi.,iii;iaucniiiwryi)oiiao; ' ; foi' hcr nuar up to Ghistajf. , Nothing ox- : . traviigant/. alio mild ; ..jusbi.lt httlo iioibo , -yU- , whore nllo could oiid hot.days within -call. :.\U of hor .-liYothorfs children, and fool that ' i\'t" '"ho 'wasn't alono -in tlio, worW. -Slio \ \ .'wouldn't want to pay over 20,UD0d0l. she a» ' f-itd. ' i. '/Law rao ! tho buzzing thoro was in tho , v .family, whqn wo nil learned tho nowsl ; vAml it won nearly a wliolo day hoforo wo ,know anything about, it, Jonnio Powell \- , ? always was1 mercenary and colfiali. I Daw that, .and raid no too, . long hoforo Abuer . . married hor, ami sljo persuaded hor'hus- . band to kcop that letter o Bccrot,. so. ns to . lmvo Aunt Powoll'o affair, w tltoir, own hands. . Just as though. Aunt Powell . ' wasn't no dear to tlio other children as alio ; could ho to a woman who never bo Much .1.111 heard of her until sho married into oui . .family. - But Jennie was just 113 gossipy and talkative us slio waa mercenary, and . inoro too, and sho couldn't go to hcd witli . micli news as: that and hvo through tho / night, and slio know it. So, before sun- . - net,' out it all canio, in solemn confidence, . .' to half a dozen acquaintances and threo 1 or four relations. . . . And thon lipw we raced from liouao to . house, and how our tongues run' and nra, . and how wo tiled to find out everything nnd toll nothing 1 Anil tho family; con- : aultaUuno hold m ovoryPowoll houso that ; . night after tho children wcro put to bed t_ . And thp showers of letters tlint; fell into thoGloster post-offlco tliatjiightaftercll : . , tho town was asleep, addressed to Hist \- ..Luanda Poivell, Skenadoquonookms, ; , Sfairio 1 Iami Said hb wasjtoo sleepy to » write for 1110, hiit X niodo him do it, and posted him off with ih And what should !io do bnt go over to Abner Powell's and , toll Abnor ho. was' going to tho.poat-officsy ami ask bun if ho led any letters I10 could carry down nud post /or liim 1' Aimer sat thorn at tho table, up to his eyes in ink and paper, Ha stared ntLom, ami then bogftri to stairinior, and finally, . looked at Jennie. " No," mapped Jonnio, "wo haven't Any letters you can post for ua. What did you wont to know tor?" And Lorn laughed, and said ho only wanted to be neighbourly, and went on, \ And if that aggravating man didn't sib down on thu oliieo steps nnd slay tliore in : tho dark until past midnight waiting for - \- . tho others to camo ! And thoy canio right .-. along, Abper Powell first 0110, and Jasper Bilk" Ilnuior Powell and 'Siah Bralfoy : ; and Warder Martin. . And ovory timo ono of thom men; camo. along srid , began ... fumbling and feeling in tho dark tor tlio box, .Lent would coll' him by noma and . say, " Good ovoning. . You will find tho letter-box (11 tho lower right-band ipraol of tho door." ' ........ Abnor Powell. jumped ro when I10 called to him that hp knookod nff his lint and' , v. broko Ins .spectacles; /against tho door. ; Abnor's a littlo riohr-siglitod. ; and nuno of 'om thanked Louiforriinking' thbin look . 00 'ridiculous : but whenltold liim l didn't ',..tluiik>it.wna just tho. thing/to aggravate v. , ..tho restof thom nnd got-thoiu '.down on . . .. UO, I10 paid ho, was, only. ;a, /brother- in-law. ,.. : to. this family nnyhpw, nnd lio yvaa willing - : to lako Ills tntrdsout iltfun,. Aml'noxt ; av/iuonnng if, old -Bort , Cramer; tho; post-,, ,;o.' minster, didn't ftskYHamorrighfibeforonll; .//(li.tlio .louugora of tlio. otoro, if tho Powell' :>, ....fiimily. hadigot'.spooinl/ratoa on lettors'to : ; rSkunadoflupnooksis I ' Aa though it ,wns- . v. v'My ' of rJus'! busmnes hows, many letters pcoplo, wroto pj their father's /only nistor I 0 ' To tell tho. truth/ 170 hadn't .nono of' un' . corresponded .much': with , Aunt Powoll, / ; 1 only tor soiiio fivo or six yearn hack. Slio and father, you see,' wore only phildrcn, / . -r./aml v.-oro Jeft orphans, nt : nil early ago-. :: vPnthor canio to Pennsylvania when ho : wnaquitoa youngmnii, marncd lioro, and , settled down mGlostor. Ho didn't nceu- \- - iriulato iimoli, of anything but. a fnmlly, and. ho novor fob; nblo to go back- to sue '. Iho.flistor ho.loft.tonolung school down' 111 , Mnpio./. j\ftor inqlhor. ilied . ho wroto to Aunt iPowell,' ciUor.iig. hor .a homo with > Jinn, .-It.wna voiy.gonoroiia 111 father, for .. .'/.'.ho wna nOta rich limn— far from it; : But Aunt X'owoll . .wroto < a Yory...r,yiiipat.Iiio - . , letter and kuuVof incidontollyiiakcil how ; innily. cluklien'ho liud j mid. whou ho told \- ,iior civ, hor.noxt lottorwas justnoklnd as ,./ ;. at could ho, nud olio tliankod linn for find- . 1 ".>. mg timo, . ui 'tlio. midst of 'his numerous. \- -household nnd hiijuneon cares; to romomber -. hor, andtliuikofhorsuhiiullymconncction ' ' Willi I1111 own dear ones, but oliq was vorv .comfortable, nbo unul j alio needed nothing; I'.ohoiproforod , school- teaching to- house - ; ' /koupiu», auil woo too busy to toko tlio tSntp" .v. v - for ouch a long jounioy.' So wo novor , , saw hor ; .hut I dunt think anybody- was . :,yory much disappointed nt tho timo. ox/ cept, father. : r- „ Buthy-muUby a.mo.otorlo.Tof n vory romantin chapter 111 Aunt I'owull's- his- ..- tor y. iWo ikdu't hear anything nbuub it ,. . v. untilloiig. nfter father died. . .a ; „&ho; was lonaigoil to 11 young, sea-cap- i tain , uud that was hoforo oiu< mother died- ' ... Onu.day lio cpiiio to bid Aunt :Pp\yoll' , , ,. good-by. - Ho 'w.-ia going to India and : / Australia boforu horutimied, nnd whon ' »/:" 'bp camo back thoy .woro'.to/bo limrriedi.. \- As lioiyalkod nway down tlmlittlo gnnlon path that led from tlio eottago door 'lio otuniud, and lOoauig'-.tho hluo koreluof \- : :-,froin;ahoiit;l'.i»ribck, tiiMcd it back toward. ./. 'hor, wiion oho BtowV ti'ying in vain to- .. . . light buck hor; tents,- mid. called,-. "Dry- vuiir.bluu eves ivith tlim wjulo I'm gono, k . avrtietheavt. " k :k.,l ii Bat a breath of wind cauglit tho dvift- '"/ kit of. i/ill: away from her ouistrotohed /old i(/./:;e;l it into iho . clmilnng hr, iiq!it:,-i «>r P. roao-U-ci,. flint nrched above tli) window, w\VOh, niy lovu- lokcn !" cried Amit , "Tlio wind lakes, r.v.'.'.y my wid JUon siistchva Uio'-.koopsiUo r.tvay from me,!'.' . 'f Hover mind, !' ho called -haul;, in hill , cheeryVi'tiy — never mind; heart (if initio ; . . . let it/ lliittor aloft tlieru.lill I come back;',' And Aunt Powell threw him A hurt, niul then tho lonra in hcr bluo eyes i/hut out ': hoc lover liho a.misig aml' tho ininfc 'never , elcined away. ' For 'summer - hurt winter ; oinio niut woiif, and thu ldim kerchief in . . thii lusii-trco p;ded in the mm niul faded in t!m i/mi. 1 lie ',/llik! vent /old l/'.'.tered if, ihe came mid hid it. and /lie witt- fur d/iy,i rdenved it '11 nigged . signal of f.-ded blue ilutlnring liko a (lag of ilii.i ie.i.-. irop.i r.11110 litiiini-l.e.lleii alilp : hut . tile i- i'.d that pet t!io mgn/d v.'.'a eU/aming white down in. (lie -red' coral. 'I'lie angrr ' '..-in I/; that -bed .driven; her lover's, ship .--in/ou the pi/'ih./2 rocljd' camo in tlio. Juhii daya and kisscd tlio-fnded korchiof noftly, nnu caressed it tenderly, - 03 though in sorrow for what thoy had donu ; and- in ..HeCombor tliey snatched and, tore nt it- \- angrily,' as though tlioy would destroy 1 ovesy traco of tlio sailor froin off tho fooo of tho earth. But Aunt Powell <\- never- toiiohcd- it. !'Ut it ware thcro till , ho comes lutok,'! sho said: '-'ho may see it yct/nomo day, and kncw.lhnb I am waiting for bun." And so it tliittorod nnd faded, and little by httlo tho winds toro it away, nnd tlio blue in lior oyea fsdwl with the. silken / token, and . their light' grow dim as tlio' liopo m her.heart went out. \- All that lior sailor luul m tho world ho lmd left fo lds - Hwcctiicart. IXo- wus an only child, -atid whon his heart)- broken nld- father followed him, in a to ur years, .ho too . left his fortune, which was an ntnplo one,- to tlio girl ho lovingly called limcluiglitor, .in his will. And so our.dcar AuptPowcH was very. rich. . But slio never murped. \- hovers .knoifc at hor foot, tor slio ' was ctdl beautiful; but thoro was only ana iinsga in hor heart.; And 00 she grow old nnd rich and lonely. . : But wfion, littlo by little, this etory como to lis, our hearts wanned to our father's only sister. Wo wroto .to hor often and ninstaffictionatoly.' Wo learned her, birthday, and always rotuombcrcdhcr witli - loving nfsssugon ami such lptlo prcsunts as wo could affonl. I ancoutngod tho children to ivnto to her, and Lcm went and told Abnor about it,, hifd if Jonnio didn't kcop ovory one of hor four/ children nway from timulay-school, tho vmy lioxt Kumjay aftoriioon, to ltisko thom write to Aunt Powell ! I told Sire. Itobcrts I thought sho ought to bodis- ciplincd tor it, if oho was my uwn brother's wifo.. Tho idea tlrnt any wimisn could imperil tho souls of hor own children tor her own mercenary schemes t Fur my' own part, I loved Aunt Powoll honestly and disinterested. .Tcimio, I know, was mercenary from tho very start, nud so was Hauler's wifo, but they wasn't neither of them Powells; When -Jnspar Ilhko hiiilt his now homo 011 Wnyns 'Street : Maria wroto to Aunt Powell that tbty h ul built.the largest, room 111 the house with n big bay-wluilow especially fur her; it would nlwaj-s l>o cnllnl . " Aunt Powell's room," and tvliothcr r.ho over camo to olay. In it or not, no ono else would evcr'neeunv ft. And for a very good reason too : thoy weren't nhlo to furnish it ; mid thoy didn't even paint it, tor that matter, tor nearly two years alter thoy lived in tliat house, and thoy used it for n gcnonil lumber- room. A nico thno Aunt Powell, or any- body clso, except the rata, would lmvo hod living in that ,rnico lArgo n«uu Well, at last Aunt Powell came, with soven trunks and a French maid. Abnor drovo over to tho station to bring lior homo. Ho and Jonnio had it all fixed up to tako liar right to their huitso, and shut all tho roat 'of us out 011 tlio plea that Aunt Powoll was fatigued and needed, rust. But Jennie, lis usual, confined hor littlo plan to threo or four conlidentlal friends optsidoYtlio ' family. Sho soeme<l moro surprised than dehghtcd to, soa 11s as ito camo dropping in about, fifteen or twpnty minutes . ooforo stage - time; -'.and when Abnor cismei loading, Auiit Pbwbll into a parlor just iftill to tho , windowo with liis brotlioro apd sistore ami (heir children, , hli' faeb'was a otudy for. a pliotosraplier.' : Eo didn't oven liayo flie plcosiu'e, of lioing . miuitor of. coremionics ito his. own' house'. oithof.' fur botoro'-'ho could l-ccovcr from ' his vnmnsoraont wo .liad ./Oapturiil'; 'Aunt PopoU,-; introduced ouraolycsikohd liiiule flio niost of qur firet opportunity. -- 1; 1 E over Aunt Powell had boen bcautifui, it was a long tnno boforo'p-o' stiw hot-, jHe't , pyes were bright as. diamonds, but' olio' of : thom -wua a littlO " sotj' aiul tho cpitld pin' you with thot oyo liko q'giailot. Shoaras tall and.nngnlar j drodsed like jy lady,:liut .yory quietly, and rworb 110 'jewelry, iiiyb an elegant poarl urn at Ijor throat/ . Her maid woo tho uglfost and orussesteroatiirb: m all this worlu, .Idol)olioyo,,niid ita norio ' of us Uiidcretooil n wold of Frclicli, the /bits; of . convei-sation tlioso ' two iisod ' to have wlion wo were with them YfOtb fairly ' .'maddonmg, ,;05pcoially ,if. Aunt iPowoll happened to tmnofix yiiu witlilibr '.'bet" oy oj . whilo slio looked .'at lior maid avitli-' tlio other. , ' In about a inonth ; Auiit Powoll- fblt: otrong enough to look at tlio places Abnor, had ccicotod for liUr. ; But nono of tlicm suited, nnd at last slio grbw weary pf liiw-, yeramid agents, and began' to tnlkmourn-'' fully, about going , back to her 'homo in Maino. ' . v M -." Wlicro l kriowi'I VUl'dio/ofkhbib'b-' sickness," alio oaid;:".becau30'Hiavo;;fbi;'' tho fimt timo in my life, learned libw; . sweet/ it - is to hvo among tlioso of your/ , own blood.".:-. , ." Aunt Powell," I opoko up, quick, a? to flash, ".why should you vcar. yourself out, looking for n homo whpii you always, spem, 00 contented. m tho littlo blito rooiii at pur; houso ? It isn't v,h:it 3'ou'yo bccil cccu.;- . ; tomcd to, I kiioWjibUt if/ you 'likb'.it, or, ivilL endnro it, I 'can't, toll you how glnd; wo wilLulI lio to call lt yoursi arid all tho . . rest of your days you can—"- . . Witli; thnt.-.Aunt; Ppwoll stopped my: words 1 with kisses, rind began, to cry. Wicn aho coiild ccinmnnd her voico she: blessed ino, nnd nnid my diomo 'should; lib hum "tor tho littlo- timo,!' bho fttltorcd; f'.tliat I want a Imsin.", : . - '1 , a And that very: afternoon- AuiitPnwclii and tho. seven trunlui- and .ytho French ; maid Avovo moved to our houqo; anii I was . hated pio.it conlmlly ; and politely by nil tho sisters and 'brotliors ,m tho .Powell fallllly. .. , , : Oiico /settled, I am' f roo. to say, Aunt Powell wiis- aiiythingbut' .n-plensant ,'com-:'. panioii,: Slio, lmd her- hreakfaat.'at all Iiouia.of 'tlie ' morning, nphietimca ip tlio diiungrooin, sQiuotiuics-dn lier 01m room, mid sometimes in niy sittingioom.. Slio .was gcnondly milabloaiid.imporiouoVand acted ns thougli the Juuiso belonged to her. At otliuV times she hiul a vvoiulorfully .Hv.'e'j!.,1 Y.'kmhig v.'/iy v/ith her that, charmed you in. snito of yum-. i'lf. The chiidun liover Ill/ell hor, hoivovoi', and an alio do- te./leil tobacco, T.em's on" liltlu vvoahm'.::!, hi: afici'-auppei' ciga'r was refnnned in iiliori: oi'iler, . " a/arl: (lie pe/rect iimn," said Luiu ; but 1 caught him ones or twice pufliiig away at a great, black pipe out in,' tho .wood-shed,, so jX wasn't miiclr.afiaid ' that his reformntioii wa/l going to striko in on him. And. Almt 'Pbwoii " couldli't. tihidp ajgrcat hlindiiig glare of ; light,"- so , oiir oliocry little lioino, was almt lip until it win Us diMiial as ii ajaub room. Sho slept the greater part of the iiioiiiliig, anil :wo Ii.'td Ao sit up ami' entci tain; hei: lalo every night, sn that wo vim heal to lb.o v.ith the lark nearly. died of aluajiintre. It vvna very weaving, but wo bore it .iil-evi'ly. . " \ve can work a great deal havdet' thrill tin:; fur /ill. Ui/ll d«l, " J,vm used to groan us he toll into bed at nigbt, nnd tho 1111- migi.'.Hiod'eiivy of my hrothuru'wid r.iitci.t , kujil. mo htiivcly uji,.1 " 1 ACtcr wo hiul eniluivd thii. for tv;o full 'I".'. '- years, If Aunt Powell didn't up and go to 'Aimer's 1 : 1 wns so mod I hroko down and cried." . , . ' . i" "Don't bo no heart-broken about it; my 'dear child;" said Aunt Powoll, tenderly. And then alio put her arms about mo, and told mo'liow aoriy alio wns to go nway from tlio littlo blue room that luid become so dear to lior ; but some talk had reached her cars, she said, tlmt conviiicerthor tlio iothor eluldron wore jealous of her staving so long with me, iind shu could not near to- lio. tho cause of any contention. Sho was going to' stay with Abnor for a littlo while to pacify Jonmo, (Jonnio, 1 knew lnj-solf, wns really outrageous, anil talk-, log dreadfully).; "But it's wiily. tor n httlo .while," Aunt Powoll said. "Kcop ilho littlo hlito nmniforino." . . And nway : wont Aunt Powell,. French maid; nnd tlio sovou trunks-' t tho -Pleia des,',' Loin called thom; / /And voxed Us I Was about it nil, tlio children wcro so de lighted, Lcm lookcd no comfortnblo. with his cigar— tor ho toll from graco . tho minuto tho restraining causa was gone — and the houso was oo bnght nnd clicorj-, that I' felt half reconciled to it. : " IjOt'n go to bed before supper," said. Lcm. f I Jmvoii't had asijuaro ration, of sloop in two years." Aunt Powoll led Jennie n dance, and I was- glad of it. Jcnnio, whatever other faults sho had, and I do not screen he?, oven though sho is my own brother's wife, is o model housekccnor. EvcryOiniggoes by eloofc-work m that houso. Tho voiy est goes to bed at nbio o'clock, nnd knows belter than to get up hoforo tlio alarm- clock rings at half post fivo 111 tho morn ing. Jonnio wouldn't put off her regular sweeping days not for <v funeral in tho house. But Aunt I'owelJ, oa.iaon as she found what wore tho "sweeping days, settled upon tlioso very days for taking her morning nnp in tho parlor. Abnor Powell was on afraid of n borso as a cat is of water, and Aunt Powell modo hhndtivo her out twico n, weak. I wondor the man didn't turn gray. I don'tbeliovonsuiglo wash-day jswsed whilo sho una living with. Abnor that slio didn't insist on having smno of 11s to dimior, .although that was nearly nahnrd on tho rest of us as it was on Jennie. ' ; I think slio. Jived at Ahiioris for twq yeara, nnd then slid went to AVnrilcr Mar tin's. Sarah's husband. Tliey refurnished tho parlor for her, and gava up their own room to that hateful French maid. Aunt Powell ruled thom with a rod of iron tor ton months, and thon actually quarrelled with Sarah Mortin, tho sweetest, best- tempiered woman in tho world I It was tlio first quarrel, I behove, Sarah ever had . in her life. Nono of us aver thought she know how to quarrel, hut Aunt Powell managed to goad her into it somehow, and . thon went off in n hnffto HnmerPowell's, leaving poor Sarah heart-broken, and Word Martin so mad that ho tumbled tho seven trunks out into tho initldlo.of. tho stwotlnbroad daylight, and lot tlioin stand there, a spcotaclo for tlio goaiipingc.it street 'in Ulostor, until Hsmor ' Powell heard of it, nnd caiiie with h dray to got ' tlicm. Hauler went to "Word whilo tho man was loading on tho trunks, and began , to' talk to him, n littlo covcrcly. T guess, about tlio why ho had noted ; but Wnril roared out'that if I10 said a word to him lio'd/ stand him nnd -tho whole Powell family on their heads alongside tlio trunks, to tho'great delight Of tho whole street, ' nrid tlio unboiinuod wrath of AuntPowcU,. who lichrd. 'of It. .' . iTIiatvcly night slio. sent, for a lawyer, lihd, bef Oro elie went to- bed wo know tliht. a now will hnd bccn nuule, :nnd Sarah nnd :Yarfl .'wero loft put. of it. - Of course Aunt 'Powell folt sb strongly - in the 1 matter we CQuldn't ivoll.gongainst her. : / She refused to) sbp Satnll .or her Inisband, or go where tlioy vvoto, - and ho -wo hod todcavo' them oi|tipf idl'.tlih: fauuly gatliovmgs,- and cut .thpiii dcad on: tlio street if-wo mct'lhcm Ayliori' Aitn't iljowoll; was with us. Thoy, ahted vory nnreasonablo about it; and ig- . hored tho .wit of ua. ovcrywhoro : all 0X7- copt' Betai,': 'Lom visited thoro just ns usiinl,'"hnd !fold Wnnl -ho intended to - divido his portion of the Powoll fortune 'witli'liiin. . Well, ; opr : aunt lived with Haiuor Powell ay ear; Hainerwas atelier in tho Glostor blinki and it was through him -wo . learned rtliat. Aunt Powell hod a big tin box! locked alid senlod; deposited in. tlio vault of 'tlio' b.ink.. She got along pretty well tliat yoar, for Hnmor and Alieo were youug'peOplo, vory lively, mid liad. lota of- young company, and didu't mind; Aunt Powdl'a ways vory liiuoli," Thoy hiul no sottled ways dk tlioir own to lio rooted out. of,- and no" children for Auht'-IWoll to traiii. mul nll tlio -wliolo tliey ecomod to .lniypnii easy tjnioivith hor. From Hanior'tt silo went to Ellen Bradloy's, quarrelled with Ellen straight along every day .for mputlis, nnd, tliou lived quiotly enough tor tlio roat of tlio year ; and thoivwentto hhii'ia.Blako's, Mvolutionised overythmg about tlih / liouao,. molded' the . children, quivrcolled; with Maria, and bulbed Jasper, Olid jtint'as Twos bvgummg to bond sho was :co'uuhg..lmck to un, sho melted 'into, her yoryi'sweotout'tompor, lived like mi oiigol/ : for. in'fow; months, and died 0110: morning With hor head pillowed ln Mana's ni-nis/ 'AVull, tho day aftcg / tlio - fitnci-al wo, all : gathered at Abner Powoll'o to hear tlio' will iead.vyl know my heart wno full Of i-eju sorrow, out lt.tlioro was 0110 throb of gohiiuib - gviof in, another heart in that room ; tlicir facta didn't show-It. , Jonnio . Powoll'o countoiianca was - tlio , voiy nn- '.poreoiihtipii 'ok grocily cagorncsa, and I thought .'Siali Bradley was going to oiiatoli Y tho will put of tlio lawyer's hniids. Loni Diit with his face buried ill his' hnndlcdr-Y '.chief, nud t was riiidly dolightcd witli, tlio: , wpy' lio w.ui . holinving.'.until I snv/: him- wink - at ' 1 Y/ard Miirtui---fof. . Ward : and 1 tianih .wore 1 botli Witli; us now — over tlio top of hia linuiikdrchiof/ For My part, ? "tlunk oucli mi occasion as that is fully as l.olcnm'aa the fiip.cr.'.l. . IVnrd and Bar/di, r.s v.o all l;now, gut olio dollar ajiicci'. 'i': : .' ,/ven tnnd.'s, with uM their Ciiu'/.nt.i, wcro left to tlio French maid.' The vratpf will (icviced ail her properly InSWup.- . Ahnor Powell -got/' camo; pine hmdi:, lior clone cinir.gc and hlaok homes, ami Jennie got a pearl iiecklaco and- 10,00.0 diil. in hank stock. Hanier got 180 acres of pine laiids on tlio St. Croix Rivor,."nnd 4000 dol. in. mining stock, and. Alieo 'was Jett . two. houses in Bangor and 500 del.. Sho gave to mysolf and Lem <10,000 do). ; 15,000 dpi; in money , and tlio rcat'iii Boston and Maine railroad stock. . Iillon 'Bradley: niid 'Slab gut tho Manor hiiiiKi and ground? nt .Sl- iamilmpio-' lioiiksis, with all the .content.! and .".ppiir- ( c tl tow timket i i-.nd laiiu., tnii of ti.iinit.iiro espccildly. . hi:queathed to old. aci rants. ?hiriaJltakuj!»llOjOijOdol.,Mid .toapavgot the yacht inul four town Ion m a. 'I 1 ' II ' ml thought -of thb dear, hiving a'uiil who hnd planned all Dii a hai,pitie«tor «:=, and wbilnal .1 could have kti.iwjihor.md hived lief . ill- Uio'rnrilcr yean of her Iom-Iv life, . Tho 1— it of fliom liul to cry, but it wni cosy to -sop tliat 'itr.wna/n false/ slroincd offurt, and- nono of thom. succeeded very well oxuopt Sarah. .' Poor Sorah t wo Wpiro nil no/sony for her. They nil seemed to think I elieuld do something -for hor; bub .,1 didn't, seo.how I could sparo 10.000 dol, from --what wo.got, when we hail such n- family, on our hniids.- Our. lust- duty wns to our children,- of course. Haiuor and he couldn't nay what ho could do until-lio .found wlmt liui pmo lands and .mining stock , woro worth. Ellon and 'Slab liad no ready -monoy, nnd thoy couldnlt tell ybt ivhothor tliey would soil tho manor-housp oi-Uva.m.it; and Jsspar said ho could lot tliom lmvo ono of his town lots 111 Bangor for a rcasennblo prico and on long timo, if thoy wauled to go thoro. ond build 011 it. . And no V/nrd, got-up hy- and-by, anil took Sarah -homo with -I11111. nnd Lcm stopped to tlio front wuidow mid fired n wmk nt tlioin as thoy went down tlio stops that brought a grntoful nmilo through .Sawui's tenni and a griinnco toAVnrd Mar-. tin's, rough- face. All' tho Bnmo, I mndo uji my niiiiil' that Lcm Wnsson wasn't ming to rob my children so long ns thoy liad a mothor to lovo and caro for tlipiii: - And, niter all, it wns IVnnl Martin's own fault: wo nil agreed that if lio hndn't noted- tho way ho did about the trunks; Aunt Powell could hnvo boon reconciled. . Then, sftor AVnnl nud Sarah wont nway, the French maid camo in. Sho. protested and stormed and vowed olio would contest tho will, nnd threatened all sorts of dread ful things, nnd nt bi&t; slio bccaino hysteri cal, and screamed, until thu neighbors began to Tun out into tho street. .Finally tho boys hnd us .pack nil Aunt Powell's trunk/, and thon thoy gqvoitho maid fifty dollara to tako thomawnyaiid ho satisfied, nnd Co thoy sent tho hatoful thing uwny, and wo saw her no more. / In due timo Abticr Powoll nnd Lawyer Bontioy started nway for Bfnino to take pracssion of things". . I wanted Lom to go too. hut ho said it. wasn't tho tiling forre-. croits to ho too fresh, nnd ho would stay liotuo nnd sit up witli- Wanl. Tlio rest of us whiled nway tho long days of Abnor's nbsonco by planning mid quarrelling in "the most excited manner, now mid tlicn tormented by tlio sight of Samli's disap pointed face, although slio aoldom met. ivith ns now. Before Abner went away ho resigned his place ns superintendent in tlio paper-mills, and Ward, who needed it so much, was appointed in hia jilnce. "Bo that, after ali," said tiirr.Ii, " wo hnvo got something out of Aunt Powell's will." Seven long, long, weary days, eight days, nino days, nnd 110 Aimer. Wo be gan to sneak darkly in separate groups, .and watch Jcnnio closely, for wo suspected that Abnor liad embcxzfednll tho prupurfy and ran away to Europe, where Jennie and- Uio children would join him. .But on the tenth day, wlitiu most of the fsiuily was assembled in Aimer's house, tlioatiigo drovo up from tlio Btatioiinnd Abnor stag gered into tlio houso. / : Hagganl, jialu as a ghost; hm bcanl un- sliaven, liis oyea suftk' in his head 'and' glaring liko a inmu'ab's, his hair tangled,: . his clotMng rumjilcd and aivij'l . mid hjs wholo apncarahcu rougli and unkciiijit.. tho innn looked so gray and ghastly wo wcrosfrnid. : - : " What 1.1 it?" Ioercamcd, sicxcd witli / nl homblo fear. ; t-Ahnor; Powell, wlmt /hnvo yondono Witli niy forty 'thousand dollara ?" ' ' \- ! " Whore is my bank stock r Bhriekcd hfaria. .-- i. , 1 " Whore is- my wifo's dollar ? !. roared' WawlMiutm: . : v, " . . , " Manl". shouted Hiimor Pciwoll; sioriiig him. by tho collar, "don't toll 1110 you lmvo boon giimbhngjon tho cam, for I'll otwko yon dead if j ou dqj" : . i ".Wlioro is . our; aunt's lqgaoy ?". roared . .'Siah Biadlpy, cohering the Jinggard . man on tlio otlior sido. . '. ', 1 . / Tho wrolohod creature gasped twico.' or thrice, and them said, in- -a lioarac, otnmge voice, ." Tlicro ain't none." i"Then what, hnvo. you1 dono with it, , you wretch? ,' wo all iicrcauied, / gathering closo nrouml linn: , , . , Tho very life seamed to dio out Of his fncp, apil only, the glaring oyea tui'iicd to ward iiaashpgroahcdt"tlioreiiuvci'was any. "Liar !'' everyliudy shouted. Oh, you 1 aivful linr I You j-ohbor 1 You thoif ! Oil, you iniHoi-.tblo scoimdrol 1 rYou dreadful tilled".': .- . . lAiul Xianiov Powell iitnTted Alieo's boy- oft 011 tho run to bring a policeman unci , tlio -buivossor. and tho.- hanfc iivatchiiiaii-to - \- niTBst tlio hraaoii-fuoed oinbozalor- . " /. , But juBt hoforo tho jiuliconiiiu limdo tlio nrrost, Lawyer Bomioy, who liadintojiped. ;nt tlio bank oiilns jvaytoge.t Aunt Powell's tin box, camo in and tohl us every-: -thing, tor Abner was- now lncapablo of' \- colioront spoccli, % > Aunt Powoll s "manor house " at &I10-; nadoquonooksis was a littlo four-room cot- ' , tago, swallowed up clear out of sight, Law yer Bomioy Bind, :by-two mortgages and a : tnx-utlo, and that was all. .Sho novor had a dollnv 11; tlio.world. hoyond hor 'savniga , from fhor salui'y. ns a" Bcfiool-teaclior; and , tlioso wore all spoilt, slnoo .she caiuo''to, Glostor. Tho puio lands oil tlio St. Croix; :tho railroad and milling stock and Bangui- toivn Mots described m thu will , were plcnaaiit hotiona of Aunt Ppwoll a br.1111. , Thoro wiui ono liopo loft.' Tlio coaled unci ornan-iooKea tm uox. ./ .Wiulo wo sat," stunned anil dumb, looking at oacli otlior, tho box was opened. It contained nil oiir letters' of years past, written to lior wlion wo thought sho was voiy wealthy. Only theao niul nothing, moro. "i'hoio wns a hollow- groan rim all round 1 thq room. For liiuicy'o sako," said Alieo, " do pull down tlio liluida soiito- body !" . , ! . : V Alid thon tlio libyn.tmd IJaw j-or Boiiney ' counted. lip. airtho oxnomicr, of tho funeral Vaiid Abnor's- tripandtlio law vor'noxpensoa itiul toes, and ivo liaii in throw'- in and ir.ako up thu. amount. Alt iml; M/y.-nhY, Imahaud, ho -duly grimicd when ILiumi' told him what is ulu- ' - v. , : h .-. "iiiit. aeent," he I " .Vitr: hi.-: iv::ului.o he.yl. '' "Y. ' "Y , - /.,: i didn't hj/ivo mo anything in in,; v;Ui." ' ' " it ceems in; ;,10, " /.,: id L-'m, b.v-ai'-d- j by 'braking an av. ud, aiicucii- with Uw i ..welcome sound of ilio luiiium . -voice, j that our aunt Pov-ull kind of played -it. j Oil IM." , ' ' 1 " Tliat ain't tlio v/otr/fi -if ",t, " gi'tiaued | Abner, rolling hia hollow cyaa tip lowanla lis— "That ain't the .'-.(. Y of <" i AYo caught oiir ore.wi and >("> (! : . "Tell lufUioVorrt, ..imi," M Jlambr. J '"'Ghc.hin'fc our atmr. IVivcll,' and 'miver j .wan," said Aimer,, bp .-.-.V-isj-r fries a .dyim.; | 1 ) I 1 h 1 i tetnyc/imB'fo, and »U'» Hvi..«!'.Mrow''V.. j This .womau'wau he r 'ii-'.m 'F-.m't'cr v.'li-'.i iihi; lived in—" I If lie !mi.:h(,l!h-/ " M.l ody that rouw /i/iMmnvxninm :« i t'unvcre.jtioii. ; ' Will Lcm was tendor ns a iiiotlior' to mo that night, Only unco, after lio had put iuq to bed and got 111c (puoted down, nndvrns siboOthuig down My headache,- ho said, , "IVollp I'm only a T'owoll by brevet., ami. I novor. can tako full rank; but-'' . Biit .I guess I looked too nlinornblo to bo teased, for lio cmilcil, stooped to kiss 1110, aud siidilcnly ohangmg his tone . " A)i(I attoi all,!' he. said,. " Ward and Bamh avo tho onlj- ones U'ho got anything out. of Aunt. I'mvcll o wtll. Tlio gipw- rillua nvo in luck:" - v -/ ; ' 