OUR CALIFORNIAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] San Francisco, December 20, 1884. The event of the month was the opening of the World's Exposition at New Orleans. I refer to it, of course, in order that I may speak of California's contribution to the show, and the manner in which the state was represented there. At one time it was thought our display vould be meagre, for California, like New York, has not been liberal iv subscribing money to strengthen the hands of its state commissioner. It is due only to the wonderful energy of the man, a wholesale jeweller, named Colonel Andrews, _ whose diamond palace some of your visiting people may have ad mired on Montgomery-street, in San Fran cisco, that President Arthur, on the lljth current, at the White House in Washington, formally opened the great fair in the crescent city and set its vast machinery in motion by tiniply touching an electric button. The s;?ce allotted to our state was completely tilled, and unoccupied portions of that assigned to Nevada and Arizona encroached on as well. I had a talk with Commissioner Andrews y?-s -terday. He had been recalled from Xe\v Or leans by the sudden death of his business manager, but would return to the scene, of his duties in a few weeks. He told me California's cereal, fruit, aud wine exhibit would be the ever seen. More than a thousand ?varieties of grain will be shown, nearly all the Sands of grapes grown and the wine made therefrom, and the Xaglee, Baldwin, and Guiliaros brandy, now- pushing the French article for a place iv the 3flections <>f those who like P"re cognac. Tuere are mure titan .ninety varieties of almonds and nuts, and the native frrasses and numerous foragie plants of the coast command attention. The fittings, tables, &c;, are of redwojud—a tree indigenous to tLe Slojie, and I notice by telegraph that this feature alone is already attracting notice, especially among the southern lumbermen. Andrews worked hard to gain the consent ?f the legislature to transport the state Collection of minerals to the exhibition; but icing unsuccessful turned his attention to private cabinets. He has secured one or two valued at 15,000 dollars, so the mineral pro duction of the coast will not go unrepresented. Careful computation has been made from re liable reports of all the gold and silver mined since the American occupation, and the re spective quantities wQI be shown by imitation golden and silver pyramids. The "sericulture of the state will also be represented by silk and cocoons from Lodi, San Joaquin county, and there will also be specimens of our paper manufacture. The general Government gave Commissioner Andrews 5,000 dollars to work en, but the whole amount contributed by the business men of the city and state was only 350 dollars—a most beggarly sum, considering the advantage the exhibition was likely to Ije to California. "It will increase immigra tion, certainly," insisted the commissioner, "and be a splendid prospectus for a universal exposition, which some of our busi ness men contemplate will be given in San 3?rancisco three or four years hence." As your people are fatllHng of a World's Fair in Ade laide about that time, the facts in connection with California and the New Orleans Exposi tion may interest them. We have struck an unexpected "snag," as the Mississippi river boatmen say, in the voyage of the ship of the Union. That is, the probable collapse of a Pacific state. Nevada, irbkh was forced by the Republican folly of an ?-n*Mfng Act into the sisterhood of states in 1864, is in such a condition of retrogression and -depletion that its extinguishment is talked of, sad the partition of its territory between Cali fornia and Utah. Since the subsidence of the mining excitement and failure of silver output from the Cornstock lode, in Vir ginia city, little Nevada has gone from bad to worse, until now there is .nothing left but a few cattle to fatten ion the sage brush and bunch grass—for this feed Tn^Vpq excellent bocf a sparse population to take care of them, and some who have yet faith in the development of apocryphal mines. It .was never much of a state, says one journal, discussing the situation, and should never have been admitted. It swindled the other states by giving senators and representatives an Congress to a mining camp among barren mountains. Is it just that the other states should tolerate the monstrous political power Xfevada exercises in Congress and in the 3Slectoral College any longer? But how to get rid of it is the question. The ?T*jn£rnighnn?nr. cf any state is a serious matter, but the con 'tumance of any state in the false position jSevada occupies is a very serious matter also. A constitutional amendment will be necessary vader the circumstances. The case of Nevada is somewhat analogous to that of the Fngifetti rotten boroughs, fifty-six of which were dis xtanchised by the Pj*rli?ra??Tifary Tfefarm BHI ?fISS2. A suit has just been decided by tie Supreme Court which is of great importance to oar etate, as it is based on tile old English doctrine of riparian rights, and denies the legality of of the system of irrigation sought to be pur sued in some of the lower counties of Cali fornia. Lux and Miller, millionaires and cattle monopolists, are the plaintiffs, and Haggin and Te vis, also heavy capitalists and landowners, the defendants. The case, in brief, is this—Lux and Miller own about 2,000,000 acres of land in Kern county, on the lower i>art of which Keru river sinks in two marshy hikes. They propose to utilise the marsh —where there is a dahse growth of .tules —as a hog-ranch, and therefore need all the vater they can set. Hoggin and Tevis, with about ninety other defendants, have organised a system of irrigation, tapping the river above for the purpose, which was rapidly bringing the arid lands of the county under splendid cul tivation, and inducing settlement in every direction. Most of these lands are owned by the defendants, but Lux and Miller own the lands bordering t'je stream for some distance. They therefore enjoined the canal men from taking the water to irrigate the back country, Slid tile Supreme Court has made the injunc tion perpetual, saying the natural flow of the river cannot be diverted. The consequences villbemost disastrous to the settler if this decision be not set aside on a rehearing. A rapidly-growing country will be given up to the railing of hogs and cattle; for the defen dants, who have 7,000,000 invested in irrigating canals, threaten to fence in their lands ana convert them into a cattle run instead of farms. The Keru river and the irrigation it yttfrV.t-. afford under other circumstances were the. sole dependence of the farmers to raise a crop, as only four inches of rain falls there in a season. Applying tie English doctrine of riparian rights to tile case means therefore irretrievable ruin agriculturally. MTTngband-killing is among the events of the jnonth in onr city. Two cases are recorded. TLne first that of a one-legged man, of whom his wife tired on account of not having the full complement of lower limbs, procured a divorce And married a brewer named Felix Matter. Poor Levieux, the uniped, always hoped his wife would return to him, and after the divorce and before the second marriage, on a promise to do so, lent her 350 dollars. Then she mar tied the brewer, and when Levieux, failing to restore title in his former spouse, sought at least to get bis money back. Matter shot off the cap of his right elbow with a pistol ball, while the cripple, not to be outdone, changed ins pistol to the left hand, and shot Matter dead over his divorced wife's shoulder; the ilitortec, be it remembered, having her bands on her first husband's throat all the while. Hhe other case was more dramatic A father quiet, well-disposed young fellow named Daniel W. Kennedy, "an Irishman, jnade a mesalliance, for certainly the union ?was not judicious, with a Jewess, Bertha Friedman, one of t&ose; ill-assorted marriages that occur in our heterogeneous community, more frequently perhaps than in any other American city, and which generally bring then own punishment. It was so in tins case. Kennedy kept a sort of refreshment place, and Mas a good deal away from home. His Jewish ?rife chose to believe the charms of other women, and not business, was the cause of bis absence, and the condition of that household may therefore be imagined. At length there was an open rupture, the pistol and a dead husband on'the pavement in front of their dwelling. The body was brought into the houte and bud on the bed, and the three children stood by and wondered what it all meant. Their had a fit of hysterics after realising the bad removed their protector ana the prop of the house hi a moment of insane jealousy. She moaned out, looking at the bleeding corpse, " Poor Dave! it is too bad— too bad." But she regained her mental poise when the officers were removing Kennedy to the morgue so far as to remark that "what die had done would no doubt be an example to wives and a lesson to husbands." Is it any wonder that, considering the population, wed dings are infrequent in San Francisco ? The newspapers say .the murderess is enceinte; this increase the grim horror of the situation. If there be a law of foetal sympathy, as some phytiotofrists insist, what marks will be shown by this poor babe, born of a mother whose bands are red with its father's blood ?—what characteristics be developed if it reaches adult years? It is not a pleasant subject on which to epeculate. On examination an effort was made by her counsel to have the woman held br no higher charge than manslaughter, but the jndge refused and held for murder, with 30,000 dollars bail. Depressor in general business is the Socialists' opportunity. AVhen operatives are constantly employed, their families and themselves well boused, fed and clothed, the antagonism to the aggressive insolence of wealth does not make much headway among them. It is only when these conditions are reversed, when the oppor tunities to earn a living are narrowed, and workmen are being discharged in numbers, as is the case now in ail the manufacturing centres of the United States, including CalF forma, that the pessimism of the Socialist miasu.iuuy obtains a hearing from the working classes, and the doubtful remedies he proposes tor exutmjr evils are entertained. Nothing so emphasizes Jack Cadeism as emiity |K>ckets and the pinching of hunger. Therefore, we presume that when Mr. H. \V. Hvndinau. the celebrated English leader of the Communistic school, visits San l-"ranciuco, as it is announced Le will do shortly, we may expect some excite ment in tlie community, and the capitalist who boasts of two shirts will be on the alert to guard liisextra lrncn againsthiniwhoUas none. TitI.* Hyudiuan, according to report, is a character, and singular withal. He is said to l?a wealthy man, with an income of lf>,ooo a year, the pi l-'rietor of Jvst<ee y a weekly journal, and of To- Dati, a monthly publication, both used a-i propagators of bis"peculiar ideas ou political, social, and other questions affecting communal interest*, lie is also a constant contributor to the Contcmjxirf.rii and E'linhimih ~ leading reviews in the old conntiy. One would s>ut>- I>oge that with uioner and such inftupiice at command he would be a power in his way and will known, V?it I am ashamed fc> confess havinsr hi-ai-d nothing of l,im tiil th- pie-ont writing. Hi* jmri"'--?>, I believe, is lo canvass the wli.-k- Vniuti Nfcttes in tUe interest-) of SociauVin, and to hold met-ting* in conjunction with the various lal?>r nrxauii^ation,.. A- a con.--?nience, an international conw-MtiiHi wil be a?->-iul >lvd iv tlii- city iv March uerct. at which it is ( .xi>ectfd over 300 deK-spitcs will bs | present. Tliat will b;- the time for California capital to show its mmiM timidity and for Uib sorrow of tii<\- borrower to increa-e. A 1-Vein-h idea canu-1? grief lieivla-t uwk in the winding-up. ignobly, of tv? 'Hlr^at Matrimonial I'romotion ?v.-heni!1, or the Uni versal IVm-voleut Association of California f..r Unmarried Females," a title that ought to fill with hoj-t; every spiustf r's heart. The sc'fl>nie was on the plan of au insurance company, where unmarried persons, by inv?-stin:j a smAll amount as a sort of premium, received, or were to receive, if the plan worked, a certain amount of money on marriage to start them in life. Agents were sent all over the eouutry. and latrops taken in by the hundreds. It was a X>opular institution till a call was made ou the management for the amount assured, and then thecoilajfre came; the concern was found to be only the airy fabric of a vision. The scene in court, where the army of victims repre sented almost every station in life and every county in the state, wa-s one cf the best illustration!) of the boundlessness of human credulity that could be given. The proceedings were in insolvency, and it was shown the claims against the concern amounted to 250,000 dollars; the assets were a com bination-lock safe and a few pieces of office furniture, valued altogether at about 300 dollars. Ido not know, after all, but that the object of furnishing lone females with hus bands and endowing them when they were mated was a good one and a usefu if it hsd been properly carried out; but in this case it was a transi>arent fraud. t-?t me mention an incident bearing on the difficulty of getting a wife in California some years ago, when society was in a much more inchoate state than it is at present. There entered the editorial room of a leading journal one evening a middle-aged, respectable-looking man, who said to me with some hesitation of manner, "I beg your pardon, sir, but I am about to prefer what may appear to you an unusual request; I wish toadvertise for a woman to bs my wife." "Nothingwrongifyou are acting in good faith." "11l tell you what it is," he rejoined, placing his ricu£a bat on a chair; " I'm a justice of the peace away np in (mentioning the name of a remote county); I'm well fixed, but I'm kinder lonely, and I want somebody to look after the house—a good sensible woman. I'm a stranger here; know nobody. I take your paper, and it sort o' struck me yon might help me find the kind of woman I want." "Well, friend," I said, "we do not keep a matrimonial bureau; but I think your pur pose of advertising a good one." He accor dingly stated his wants and address in a few words, and the advertisement was published. Nothing more was seen of him till a week afterwards, when he entered my room with his face-wreathed in smiles, and-iaid down an elaborately-adorned bride-cake that must have weighed ten pounds. "Married, of course?" I -said to him. " I should think so," lie replied -witha self-satisfied chuckle; "got a widder; the best woman in the world, / think. Off forborne to-morrow. Much obliged to yon and the paper. The advertisement did the thing np slick." The gratitude of the jndge was a business benefit, as be sent in the names of more than a hundred subscribers friom bis section of country. A notable death occurred here on the ICth instant, when Frederick Marriott, proprietor of the well-known Heat Letter, passed into the world of shadows. He was an Englishman, born at Enfieid, near London, and at the tone of bis decease within seven months of eighty years of age. I knew the man well during his California career, for he had been in SanFran casco engaged in mercantile business before he took to journalism since 1849. His life was one of adventure. It was said that he founded the London JllwdraUrt Xevx—l give the story as it was told me—and sold out lie interest in that popular weekly for £45,000, with which be went merchandiEJiig in India ami China, before gold was discovered in California. He started the San Francisco News Later in 1855 or 1856, a mere compilation of news at first, bat as his means increased, and he felt the material of which the community -was composed, be made it one of the mo3t trenchant, unscrupulous sheets that ever : left the press. "So character or cause was i safe fioni attack by the incisive pens of his writers if there was money enough to move them; and it was well known his editorial ' columns were open to all comers who chose to pay for making a parade of their antipathies and personal grievances. There could be no mistake about this, in fact, for tile cut of a cash-box was placed at the head of bis paper, with the motto, " Our principles," and kept there for many years. He laughed at all things, eacred and profane, and took particular pleasure in attacking the Catholic Church. He recruited his writers from the clubs, men of leisure, who wrote more for the gratification of their own feelings, or to get even on an enemy, than for pay. He would pick np an unfrocked priest occasionally, well educated, but dissipated and irresponsible, and work his brains till exhausted, and then coolly bid him good morning. What became of him he knew not nor cared. What became of any of bis writers was a matter of no consideration to him. A more cold-hearted, unscrupulous, thorough business man never undertooktiietask of money-making. He succeeded reasonably well, and considered the several floggings he received by parties assailed in his columns as incidents of journalistic life. He despised tile world'sopinionjuEtasmuchastheworlddespised him; and the sharpest among them 'when they undertook to use "the old man"generally opened their eyes on the fact that they were fooled to the top o' their bent. Marriott must have have had some good qualities, but you .cannot find any one to admit them, and there fore no regrets follow him to his grave. He died of a disease not uncommon at his years called settle gangrene. A curious and cruel case of spirit delusion came to light last week. The deluded woman is an aged and wealthy widow, worth 100,000 dollars, and the deluder a female medium. The widow, whose name is Sleeper, was made to believe that her daughter, who died, aged six, had grown to woman's estate in the spirit world, and now desired to revisit her mother. If tiie latter would call at the medium's rooms the long- lost daughter would "materialise" so that the aged i>arent might see her in the flesh again. Wpl it be believed that this poor old woman fell into so plain a trap, and that she nightly visited the medium's den to em brace and hold conversation with the suppositi tious daughter, who was no other than the medium herself disguised. In the course of time the daughter informed the doting old woman that she intended to marry a spirit called Prince Otto, and she must " pat up" for a wedding feast, the guests at which would be composed equally of spirits and those yet in the flesh. The fond and foolish mother did so, and the scene at this spirit wedding beggars description. Among the noble ghosts repre sented to be present were the queen mother of the groom, tile Empress Josephine, and Albert, Prince of Wales. It was an awful farce; and sensible people are beginning to enquire if these "spirit mediums" cannot be suppressed as a common nuisance. On investigation it was found the medium had Mrs. Sleeper so com pletely in her power that the old lady intended to make her sole heir to her property. Hie Christmas season, now upon us, is not as busy a one as expected for shopkeepers and business men. The number of those who pur chase seasonable gifts has, as I am informed by some dealers, fallen off materially, and the articles bought are generally inexpensive. Contraction in business is ths cause assigned for this and the scarcity of money in the hands o^ the general public Of course costly i~esents will be made by a few plutocrats in the community, but as a rule diamonds and gold and silver trinkets are avoided by persons of narrower means in favor of- articles of utility that minister to more useful purpose than merely exciting pride and vanity. It is surprising how many long faces one meets on the streets at this festive season, and I never before realised so fully how utterly without interest is Christmas tide to disap}xrinted and moneyless men. I say disappointed, because I am convinced one cause of the trouble is the recent change in the national administration. It lias blanked tbeinrapects of a great many. The theatres have not done much during the month. "Nana Sahib," a version of the romantic military spectacle produced in Paris by Sarah Bernhardt and M. Damala, the text in this instance was written by Mr. Barnes, of the Call, and was produced at the Grand Opera House. It is a noisy, florid spectacle, founded en Kana's adventures at Cawnpore in 1857-58. The trouble is that in staging the piece; it was overloaded with business, and its story obscured in places by the smoke and blood. "Private Secretary" did a good business at the Baldwin, and will be revived for. Christmas week. The next attraction will be the Emmi Abbott Opera Company. liea-vitt's Gigantic Speciality Company is at the Bush-street Theatre, aud. the Standard Minstrels at KmersonV Knierson himself, with h!s World's Show Company, will ojien the Cali fornia next week for a short season. He tilts of makii'g a tourmt of the Australian c.il.Miie.-; with a good company in the near future. 