Protestantism, Romanism, andiRituaiism. i (Continued.) I have, now established, the fact of com plete communion and sympathy between the Church of England and other Protestant churches up to the eve of the Restoration, Her position towards those churches since that time is at least equally clear. No doubt the Act of Uniformity of 1662 prescribed, in general , terms, that, for the future, no one should hold any benefice in the Church of England who had not received Episcopal : ordination. The alterations then introduced into the preface to pe Ordination Service, which are sometimes insisted upon, are of no appreciable significance. The old preface, during the existence of which, as we have seen, non-episcopal orders were frankly recognised , stated th at — it, ib requisite that no man (not being at this present Bishop, Priest, nor Deacon) shall execute any of those offices, except he.be : called, tried, examined and admitted accord ing to the form hereafter following.' In 1662 this expression was changed as. follows : — ' No man shall be accounted or taken to be a lawful Bishop, Priest, or Deacon in the Church of England, or suffered to execute any of the said functions, except he be called, tried, examined, and admitted thereunto,, according to the form hereafter following, or hath had formerly episcopal consecration or ordination.' , V If the practice to, which /Cosin boars testi mony was consistent with the -former preface, 'it is hard'to see why it should be inconsistent with the latter. If is . to the Act of Unifor mity itself— that is, to one of those acts of ithe civil Legislature which , the Ritualists: ! ropudiaite— that recourse must be had if the . irulei ' and practice of' the. Church of England 'are to' bo shown . to, have;been rendered more stringent in 1662. It is unquestionable, as we 'have said, /that tyy/tliiri authority, episcopal jordination was for the future rendered prima Indispensable in. . the case of all persons who Were to 'be admitted to the cure of souls, in" h/i'agilshOhnrob..' . . But at the very moment of insisting on :this qualification as a,, general' rule1, 'the /Act' makes ah exception in; favour/pi: '/the/ /members of foreign Protestant. b%diIn|mediateiy after the clauses which, ih'En'glahd,'ty'ale8, and Berwick- upon-Tweed, require' episcopal ordination as a preliminary condition to the tenure of a benefice, and to/ tlie, administration of Lord's Supper, the Act proceeds : — i 1 ''Provided that the Penalties in' this Act jsKall'riot extend to tlio Foreigners or Aliens jojE the Foreign Reformed, Churches, allowed, jor tb he allowed, by the King's Majesty, his , Beirs. and Successors in England.' . ;/. The Act,' in fact/ appears to draw a dis tinction, ,'whioh bad been previously drawn !d'uripg the1 reign of Elizabethan the case of .Traversj between irregularity and invalidity. Trayers was silenced, not because his orders Iwere Presbyterian— for that, as we have seen, ;was ;not in itself regarded as a sufficient objection— but because, being an English man, he had refused English ordination, and had' gone abroad to be made minister accord ing, to the Genevan system. Similarly, it was thought proper, in 1662, that for the future, epjscopal ordination should be established as the rule of the English Church for English men ; but care was expressly taken to guard against its being supposed that, by . making this regulation for ourselves, we denied the validity of other forms of ordination in Pro testant Churches. Thus the very Act which is sometimes assumed to have finally cut us off from communion with other Protestant Churches, contains a clause which expressly reasserts that, communion. : It is, in, short, the' authority of the State, and not that of the Church, of England ;whicti requires episcopal orders as a 'condition for th'etenure of a benefice in the English Church ; , and . even this, as we have se'en, is accompanied by an express recog nition of the right of the Sovereign to dis- pehse'wifh this requirement in the case of the | Ministers' of 'foreign reformed churches. Such considerations leave ho doubt that' the stringency with which episcopal! ordination has since 1662 been required as the ordinary rule in the English Church involves no denial of the validity of the orders of other Pro testant communions. There is, accordingly, no sign whatever that Bishop Cosin, and high churchmen like him, took any narrower or less friendly view of our relation to other Protestant communities after 1662 than we have seen lie took immediately before that date. A remarkable testimony to this effect is furnished by a passage in his will, which bears date 1672. In what part of the world soever,' he says, ' any churches are extant, bearing the name of .Christ, and professing the true Catholic faith and religion, worshipping and catling upon dod the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost,, with one heart and voice, if I be now hindered actually to join with them, either by distance or countries, or variance amongst men, or by any hindrance whatsoever, yet always in my mind and affection I join and unite with them ; which I desire to be chiefly : understood of Protestants, and the best reformed churches.' — Works, vol. i. p. xxxii. Had a Church Quarterly Reviewer psnned the last sentence, it would probably have run, ' Which I desire to be chiefly understood of ! the Roman Catholic and the Greek Churches, i whose religion does " not vary essentially ' fi;om our own.' The High churchmen of the Caroline period claimed to be staunch Pro testants, The Ritunlistic School of the present day are equally staunch Romanisers. Much is'. sometimes made of the fact that the bishops who were consecrated for Scot land in 1661, and who have not received episcopal ordination, were first ordained deacons nnd priests. It is doubtful whoAher this preliminary ceremony was necessary, even according to the strictest traditions of ecclesiastical discipline. But this is of very slight importance, compared with the far more conclusive fact which followed upon the consecration. These bishops went to Scotland to preside over Scotch Presbyterian clergy. Is there any evidence to show that they required those clergy to submit ;to episcopal re-ordination? If not, then the: whole body of Presbyterian clergy in , the neighbouring kingdom were at one stroke rocngnised as in valid orders, and the strongest and most Calvanistic Protestantism in the world was, at the very moment when episco pacy was triumphant in England, recognised as compatible with the episcopal principles of tbe English Church. Very similar measures had been taken in 1610. Scotch Presbyterian priests were then consecrated without re- ordination ; they wenjt to their dioceses to preside over a Presbyterian clergy, and when an attempt was made to introduce the Eng lish liturgy into Scotland, it was upon a Presbyterian clergy that it was enforced. Other uqually instructive and conclusive facts might be adduced, did time permit it. For example : after the period of the Reformation the Bishops of Winchester, whose diocese in cludes the Channel Islands, continuously re-, cognised, as under their jurisdiction, and aB competent to exercise the functions of parish priests, ministers of the French Protestant Churches. The first episcopally ordained minister of the Island of Sark was appointod , in 1820. For generations those islands were: in the position of Scotland in the seventeenth , century, except that in this case Presbyterian, ministers and congregations formed part , of , the.diocese of an English Bishop. Now, how could this be? Only because, in the language, of the present Bishop of Durham : The king-/ dom of Christ, "above all, has no sacerdotal f. system. It interposes no sacrificial tribe ;or class: between God and - man, by whose inter- ; vention alone - God. is reconciled and. man(for- giyeu. . Each ' .'individual! member , lipids pet;- sonhZ communion with the Diviue Head. To Him immediately be is responsible, arid from j Him "directly ho obtains, pai/dom and draws', strength." ' Who is Paul and .who Apollos., but ministers by! whom ye believed."? "/W,e, preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus as Lord, and ourselves as your servants for. Jesus'/sake." .. '.!/,,// Hence the abolition in the ordination ser- ( vice of the giving of the chalice and. oF the, i commission to the priest to offer sacrifice. Hence the removal of altars from. our chui, dies, and of the word altar from our Prayer:, book. For, as Archbishop Parker. well puts, it'. —'' the form of a table is most agreeable to, Christ's example, who instituted ', . the . Sacrament of His Body and Blood, at a. table, and not at an altar. The form of an altar was convenient to the Old Testament,, to be a figure of Christ's bloody sacrifice upon - the cross ; but, in the time of tho New Testa-, ment, Christ is not to be sacrificed, but His. body and blood spiritually to be eaten and drunken in the ministration of . tlie Holy/ 1 Supper. For representation whereof, jthp; form of a table is more convenient than an/- altar. The Holy Ghost in the New. Testa-,, ment, speaking of the Lord's Supper, doth ' make mention of a table, ' the table of the , Lord,' but in no place naraeth it an altar." Nor is it so named in any document binding upon ministers of- the Church of England. What is her intention in all this ? It is as Bishop Ridley says, to ''turn the simple from the old superstitious opinions of the Popish Mass, and to the right use of the Lord's Supper." As the Judicial Committee has said, " The distinction between an ' altar ' and , a communion ' table ' is in itself .essential, and deeply founded in the most important differences in matters of faith between Pro-, testants and Romanists. The altar, was . the place on which the sacrifice was, to be made.. The Reformers, on the other hand, considered the Holy Communion not. as a Sacrifice,. /but as a feast, to be celebrated! at the Lord's table." | Further, it is in harmony with tho exhorta- tionof theOhurcli of England, in the Homilies " take' heed: lest, of a "memory it be made, r a sacrifice," that the fourth rubric before, the Communion Service reads thus : — " ThetablOj at the Communion time, having a fair white linen cloth upon it, shall stand in the body of the church, or in the chancel." Our Com munion tables might even' now, by the will of the ordinary, at Communion time, stand "in the body of the church." It wsb Laud who first introduced the custom of their being kept during Communion time where the altars stood. He defended, himself on his trial "By quoting these words from Elizabeth's Injunc tions, "The Holy tables in every church shall be decently made of wood, and set in the place where the altars stood." They might stand where the altars stood, but that did not make them altars. And it was due to the Privy Council influenced by Laud, who, in his day, did what he could to undo the Reformation that they were placed in their present position. It was. he, too, who illegally, railed them in. But all this cannot create a sanctuary and an altar in the Christian place of worship, which St. James calls - "your synagogue-" There was no altar in the synagogue; and the Church herself is the house, sanctuary, and temple of God. " Ye are the temple of God." And Jesus Christ —I say it advisedly — has his real presence in the heart of the humblest believer, not on a man-invented altar. Before suoh a temple and sanctuary I come with the deepest revem once. " Despise ye," says Paul to some irreverent communicants, ".the church, the. congregation, the assembly of God ? " "No. adoration," says the, Prayer Book, ought/to' be done unto any corporal presence of-Christ's. natural flesh and blood." " There is no, room,//, says Bishop Thirlwell, " for any adoration, though directed to Christ, himself, through any visible., object. He is no more present on or at the altar than in the pulpit. The, wicked and unbelieving, who do not share the benefit of Christ's death, cannot partake of the Body and,. Blood." " If the Church was to ;be saved," said the Bishop, of Peter borough, , as . reported in ; the Times oi Oct. 20,. 1875, . % from, her . present, difficulties land ;from unbelief,! her deliverance! would. : riot', , come ! '.f roth; vestments , and . lights; .and, !incense,1 norV, from.,, the erroneous doctrines which ... these, ;were . made,, , to. symbolise'.; They would never conquer materialisnp in philosophy by importing it into theo-- logy." Thank God, therefore, , the. massing " veatmonts arid lights arid incense " ' Have all beeri declared illegal. The Protestant character of the Church and her services has been established all round. The attempt to prove thata Bervice approved by Martyr and Bucer,and with the doctrine of which the.early Puritans also were fully satisfied , did not.adiriit of the explanation which Dean! Goods has proved was universally given of it, till after the rise of Laudianisra, has failed, "I was not prepared," says Mr.. Markell,. chaplain to the Bishop of Exeter and his adviser in the Gorbam trial, — " I was not prepared to learn, as I have: learnt, that ;per-> haps, without two exceptions, all the divines,', bishops arid archbishops, doctors and profesr/ sors of the Elizabethan age — the age, be it remembered, of the present Common Prayer ; Book in its chief particulars, and of the Book of - Hotnilies and of the 39 Articles held and taught- doctrines |nconsisterit (I write adyisedjy)' with' J 'tlie true doctrine of baptism.'' . This nis! true j doctrihej was the Roman doctrine of . the/upi- ; versal, spiritual, regeneration of all /baptizeq ./ infants.'. /He. did not find it iu.the Prayer/.!, book, ; arid . went to. Route for V.TIm,, laie , :Carion.;M6zeley, too,./: went jintppthis/, trial, 'on,, the Rbmariist,.side,! and .wasjconverted/dufing \ j6!, prqglw/.r.V!,8B8!.t .view, j. His . books have yet to be fefuted,.>n-",, Seeing no.w// !that these iiwns., us/gif® thahkri''spqken of adults, whose profession ... of faith'ia'nd-.repentanpe /pari only, be; charita/j /. bly assumed, and 'cannot',certainly .be;known . to be genuine— must be a charitable supppsi-/, :tion.;„and the yery , saute., words, used .plii- f arits.a/tob'e, ; understood in .the sime why.;; For /thqfCliurqii, ,of /.England 'Jbae rejected the f tlieorypf '.the ' efficacy/:, of . the ' sacraments .by : '!' the work wrjpug'lif.'f. And ,de'inarids of, us('.'the;;i same/'faith'Ain. tSe o'!oa'r j -in',, farits as partakers iwitli(us. of,; the.jCoyeriaritT,' as she doesjin their prmtfveceptance .by/God ' ."lEarnbsiiy.ljeiie've receiye"thib(presentjirifM give'hiin.the.bles-f .'ofl.|Hi8V®?,®H«i-0%,v-!; tmifd " ;of - oft,/ .qf l'oif' ' i- bqi',. I /cannot , makp 'a .'dogmata positive ' cer tairiiy, j of of /it. . ./fjV /r: .a; : , .''.Nothing, .doubting fb.ut that God ; f ayourr, , ably Z/'aUoweih;'! , . pur| chafitable .'.work in bHririgT,tliis!irifan£.i;q/jii8bapti8mi" psseiraii7i!,iri/!the. part'will/.inraVjBuie|y keep land / perf ormi?' arid/:, w.e.'rely upon/tiie/fulfilment f>fr'th'e/ epqiUjdqnBv upon/ '.which, that /promise'/ /can! ,Mpne,(bp'',fuif/)i filledj yiz/Veperitancej,'. faith, .and , obedience > / on/the I'partof ,the child, .wheri/cocne.qf /.age.;,j Tlie ' bringing of / the > infant is ( a, Ifihafotabi t , work,'; /that- isj! pne'/ in /which .it. is/ charitably, supposed .arid Hoped, that /he,, will, fulfil/ his-) part. of the. covenant. /And .whereas the asser/,/, tion/ is the/ same //'with './reference to /.Gbd.'s./'. giving, . the,/ infant' V'/the. pleasing of eternal//; , life .and .making/ him .par taker, of hiseyerlastr-,,/ iug kingdom," as it is with referencq/to Gqdls/c " favourably , ;receiying f him " /now, , it/, is" equally urif air /'./-iripist/, upon th/e doctrine/of- nniye'spiarfgnioir iii , fba'ptisui, / as .. it wouid be to insia't.upori/uriiver'sal salvation ; as its result.; The fact is, ,this service is hypo- ; thetical, :j iist /as tlie/ adult/ baptismal:, serr. , vice,' andf indeed every other " service/in C'tHe':-/ Prayer Book, is hypothetical. , In/ all /of >! them .the. principle of charitable, Bup- ! position .finds a place. . Moreover, ! , / as . Archbishop Musgrove has remarked, " those . very . expressions in our Baptismal Service which have been interpreted, in modern times, as exclusively admitting the sense of the universal spiritual regeneration of infants in baptism, are borrowed from a service (mean ing the Baptismal Service drawn up by Bucer, for the Liturgy published in 1543 by Her mann, Archbishop of Cologno) in which the known sentiments of the author will not allow such a meaning to be fixed to them." Thus in the following quotation from the Cologne Service by Bucer, we have the original of th6 exhortation after the reading of the Q-ospel in our own service : — " Believe these words, arid this deed of our Lord Jesus Christ upon them, and donbt not but that he will so receive your children also, and em brace them with the arms of his mercy, and give unto them the blessing of eternal life, and the everlasting communion with the kingdom of God. The same Lord and our Saviour Jesus Christ confirm and increase this your faith." Here, as in our own service, the present acceptance and final salvation of all baptised infants is a matter, not of dog- rriatic certainty, but of " the assurance of things hoped for, the proving of things not seen." Bucer distinctly limited the full blessing of baptism to the elect and true riaembers. He says : — " Men ought by bap tism to be cleansed from their sins, to be regenerated and renewed to eternal life, to be incorporated into Christ the Lord, and clothed with him! All which things belong to none but . the saints and those elected to eternal life ;" and again : — " It is plain thut the true mem bers of the Church are alone regenerated It may be added that Peter Martyr, who entirely repudiated the doctrine of universal spiritual regeneration of baptised infants, made no objection to the language of our baptismal office ; on the contrary, he testified his appro bation of the book. He says : — "All things are removed from it which could nourish superstition." And even the Puritans of the times of Queen Elizabeth and James I., while objecting to the sign of the cross in baptism, made no demur on the subject of regeneration, which thej- certainly would have done had they had the least suspicion that the doctrine of universal spiritual regen eration was taught in the service. For more than a hundred years no objection to it was made on this score. For no one had as yet tried to turn " the assurance of things hoped for," the inferences of faith into dogmatic cer tainties apart from faith. When it is said of adults, " Seeing now that these persons are regenerate " — this is not the assertion of a fact, but an assumption by way of inference from what has gone before. It must be so in the case of adults. But in truth it betrays ignorance of the use of language to call this an assertion in any case; an assertion is never put in this form ; it is the common form of expression used when drawing an inference. " Seeing, then, that these things cannot be spoken against, ye ought," &c.; (Acts xix. 36), means, " As therefore by just inference we may assume that these things cannot be spoken against, ye ought," &c.; Simi larly in the Comraination Service we read Now, seeing that all they are accursed (as the Prophet David beareth witness) who," &c.; And the ineaning is : " Since we may iiow infer that nil they are accursed (as the Pro phet David beareth witness) whoj", .&c..; Apart from his 'consideration, to interpret the whole baptismal service from this one ex pression, " Seeing that this child is regene rate," without any reference to what has gone before, , is like interpreting a will or trust deed, by the absolute expressions in one part of it without reference to the conditions in the other, and is to act like an uneducated person who cannot put written statements to gether as a whole. The entire service is drawn up in the form of a covenant, in which all depends upon the fulfiment of .the condi tions. When these, have been promised, and not before, the- Church, in the language of faith, hope and' love, speaks of the baptized infant as ! regenerate. . So far f roria teaching that every baptized infant is, by the very fact'pf its baptism,' dead to sin and alive to righteousness, spiritually regenerate; the Ser vice' distinctly pays:' "Baptism doth represent unto us our profession, which is to follow the exatriple of our Saviour' Christ, and to be made like unto Him ;'tbatlas he died and rose agriin for us', sp"should we ''who are baptized die" from sin and rise agUin unto righteousness." Richard Baxter; 'the . great Puritan' divine, speaks of that which Canon Mozeley terriis the baptismal character as sacramental regene ration, and says All that the minister war- rantabiy baptizeth are sacrarrientally regnerate and are in foro ecclesice (iri the judgment of the Church) members of Christ, children of God, arid - heirs of heaven ; but it is only those tliat' are sincerely delivered up in covenant to God in Christ, that are spiritually and really regenerate, and 'are such as shall be owned for members of Christ and children of God inforo creli (in the judgment of heaven); therefore it is' .not unfit ''that'th'e' minister call the bap tised regenerate' mid pardoned members of Christ 'and children of God and heirs of heaven." Arid Baxter's own' form of thanksgiving runs thus :-p" We thank thee that thou hast now received' this child into thy covenant and church as' a. member of Christ by this sacrament of regeneration." And that which, without having any sympathy with the Roman dogma -of the universal spiritual regeneration of all baptised infnnts, we ourselves assume and act upon, we of course teach our children by faith to assume and act upon with reference to themselves. On the same principle as we treat adult professors as brethren, we treat our children as members of the family of our Father, wo speak of them and to them as being Christians, truly led by God's Spirit, unless tbey clearly prove they are not so led and we use what they are by profession as a ' lover to raise them to- its realisation. " In my baptism I was made a member of Christ, the child of God,- and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven." And that these blessings of the covenant may be mine, " I think that I am bound to do and believe as was promised for me. And verily, by God's help, so I will ; and I heartily thank our heavenly Father that he hath called me to this state of salva tion," to this covenant condition in which I may be and am being saved ; " and I pray unto God to give me His grace that I may continue in the same unto my life's end." "For I learn to believe in the Holy Ghost who sanctideth me and all the elect people of God." Now, it would be ab surd to take such words as- affirmatory of the state of mind of every, child, and to deduce precise dogmatic teaching from them. The child is taught- to speak of himself as a Christian child should do. He by faith ap propriates with a believing, grateful and obe dient heart God's salvation as conditionally made his at baptism, declares his determina tion to fulfil those conditions, — and, in full assurance of faith, speaks of himself as one of God's elect people and as being sanctified. Such language is raanfestly applicable to some only, and not to all, the baptized children in the visible Church. (To be Continued .) 