WESLEYAN CHURCH ANNIVERSARY SERMONS. THE anniversary sermons in connection with.the Tyrrell-street, Wesleyan Church were delivered last night. There was a very good attendance, though not so large as could have been wished for. The chair was occupied by Mr. Wihliam Arnott, and the following clergymen were on the platform -Rev. C. Wayte, M.A. (Congregational Church). Revs. W. G. R. Stephinson and J, Jlffies (Wesleyan Church), and Rev.. J. Foggon (Primitive Methodist Church). The choir sang several anthems during the evening very creditably, and Messrs. Ray and Ross and the Misses Smith and Arnott also sang solos which wereloudly applauded,. and peremptorily demanded encores. aIiss Arnott acted as accompanist, and gave every satisfaction, whilst Mr. Cheek conducted the choir. The benediction having been pronounced by the Rev. W. G. R. Stephinsos, he said it was the birthdy of the Wesley?a Church, and they were paying due reapat toit. iHe had to announce that Mre Wil liatm rnott had consented to preside on that occasion, and eulogised that gentle man highly. The Rev. Messrs. W. Uain and T. A. Gordon were unavoidably pre vented from being present. The CHAIrrna , having suitably acknow ledged the very filttering way in which the previous speaker had referred to him, stated that twelve months had rolled away since they last assembled to celebrate the occasion. With regard to the financial condition of the church it was satisfactory that the debt was being reduced, a result. after all, of the fulfilment of a mere duty, sieing they they had received so bount ful blessings at the hands of God. Letthemn persevere and endeavour to do more in the future than they, had in the past. How much they owed to God was a question they might very well ask themoulves. They owed to him everything, and they could nob do too muoh in the iuterest of Christ's cause. The speakeir had rdmeinbered when he came to the Church about. 20 years a~go, and hb then determined that he would attempt to propagate the work..of God in his own humble way. He, had been en abled to be some) little help in the church, and the morehe had todo with it the more he loved it. He believed in the'. do'ctrine that the more they gave the more they re ceived. He was plessed tosee so many pre. sent, and to know they had so much towards the church, which he hoped soon to see in possession of £1000, and then when they obtained a loan of another £500 from the loan fund they would be in a very com fortable position. Mr. J. Mas?ss said he was not going to speak long, as he was suffering from a s?evere cold. Ho would remind them that. at the last anniversary they undertook a great responsibility in renovating the church, although their pecuniary position at the time was scarcely all that couldhave de. sired. They incurred a large expense in building a retaining wall, in fencine the place, and in other improvements, which left the church in arrears. They had to pay £144 for doing up the church and pareonage; the brickwork cost '.38, and sunday other matters 10, which amounted in all to about .£20u;, It ~eis found neces-. sary to draw upon the .bank to the extent, of ~£1609, and Mr. Arnodtt did so upon hia own responsibility. There was very nearly SS200 to meet current expenses. The anniversary of 18S5 was, however, a very satisfactory one, and he was proud of the' results of the previous day's collection. He never feared one iota about what had been undertaken in the true interests of the church, and he hoped the liberal spirit tha. had characterised her would not decreae, but expand ancording to the individual wealth of the congregation. • The Rev. Mr. .TEFFRIEs said that he had been given to understand there would be a few ministers on the platform, and did not kno>w that he would be required to address them; but he would not detain them long, as there was some good singing await ing them.. Some people were very irregular in their Httendance nt church, which could not fail to beget a ten dency to carelessness; The more they absented themselvese from divine ser vice the less interest they would manifest in it. He had seen this exemplified while he was in the country districts. He had wended his steps 100 'miles for the purpose of preaching to those who had not seen a minister for perhaps twelve months. Some would. come to listen to him, but the majority treated his presence with indiffer ence. After further addres.ing the con gregation on general matters appertaining to the welfare of the church, the rev. gentleman sat down. The Erlcv. Mr. FOGGON was exceedingly happy to. be present, and some pleasing thoughts had run through his brain whilst he sat looing on at the proceedings. He was astonished and highly gratified at the noble way in which the congregation had contributed towards the church the previous night. MIethodism had effeotedmuch good. and would continue to do so. He was pleased at the prayer offered up that night for the good work done in con :.ection with exalting the church. lie prayed that prosperity might attend their efforts. The Rev. Mr. WnrTE said he needed not to introduce himself, as he had preached to them the previous night. lie was ve:ry glad to congratulate them on r. aching ano ther anniversary, and also on the handsome collection that was made on Sunday night, and on the general prosperity of the church. The reason he did not reach the meeting earlier was because he had to attend another elsewhilere, and he did not want them to misconstrue his remarks, and think that he showed indifference to wards the proceedings. They must be imbued with a proper spirit of grace, and know the extent of the power of th?loly Ghost.: It was incumbent on them to. do some solid workir in connection with the church, and labour .earnestly to effec-? good. Mlr. MtRTIN proposed a vote of thanks to tbe ladies of the choir, and to IMr. Bay, his sisters, and diss Smith, who'had come all the way from Maitland to render assistanc,. The proposition was seconded by Mr: XW~oN, and carried by acclamaItion Votes of 'tan.es were acoordedto the 1Rvs M'essrs. Whyte,.Foggoc, and Jefferies, and the chairmac, and thc proceedings termi nated. 