: our iri^h letter. : ?.;. - ?»- ? — ? Dublin, Thursday - March 12th, 1885. As I anticipated when writing to you a couple of weeks ago, the Most Eey. Dr. Walsh, President of Maynooth and acting Vicar Capitular, has been placed by the Canons and Parish Priests of the \- diocese ab the head— by an overwhelming majority — of the list of ecclesiastics considered worthy to take the late Cardinal M'Cabe's place in the Archiepiscopal chair. The Mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated the day* before yesterday in the pro-Cathedral, Malborough- street, after which the ' laity withdrew to allow;the members of the priest hood to deliberate on the solemnity of the oc . f casion for which they were assembled. The votes cast in the sacred urn were accompanied by an oath that the voter was free from fear and favour, and was influenced only by the interest of God , and His Church. With the exception of two, all the members of the Chapter and parish priests of ? the diocese were 'present. 'About half -past one the doors were again opened and the voting anr. nounced: — Dignissimus, .Dr. Walsh— 46 votes; Dignior, Dr. Donnelly, Assistant Bish op to the late Cardinal, 12 ; Dignus, Dr. Tynan, Secretary to his late Eminence, 3 ; and Dr. Woodlock, Bishop of Ardagh, 2. The result was a foregone conclusion. Everyone knew Dr. Walsh was sure to be -the popular selection, for had not the vote of the ? ? Bishops made him President of Maynooth ; and had not the vote of the Metropolitan Chapter chosen him for their Vicar Capitular P The : Diocesan clergy followed in a becoming manner so impressive an example by giving him more votes ' than were ever before cast for an Archbishop of Dublin. Cardinal Cullen headed the, list with exactly half the number ; and Cardinal M'Cabe fellshort of it by three. I believe the recommen dation for a bishopric differs materially here from: ' that which obtains with you. In Ireland, parish , priests, canons, and provincial bishops all. take a parb in the election ; while with you, if I am rightly informed, the privilege is confined to the bishops of ecclesiastical provinces. These are the laBt to be consulted here, and as yet they have made no , declaration ; but there is no doubt whatever that they will vote in a body for Dr. Walsh, whose dear and powerful intellect, immense capacity for work, unbounded interest in Ireland's welfare, and strong. ' grasp of the duties arising from his position, are ? almost as well known to those who do not profess the Catholic* religion as those - who do. The English papers approve without hesitation of the voting on Tuesday, the Daily News maintaining ' ,' That the look-out will not be any the better so far as Irish agitation is concerned if the Pope should ' refuse to accept the nomination of Dr. Walsh and i should appoint one; of the other ecclesiastics. ] The result of this would instantly be that the ' ' great mass of -the Irish population would at once regard the setting aside of Dr. Walsh's name as an insult to the National Cause and to them.' ? However, there is not the slightest fear that his Holiness will contemplate such a refusal. In per , ? sonal appearance the Archbishop-elect is of i medium stature, with a strong face lighted up ! with keen intelligent eyes, which strangely oon 1 tradict the expression of his long upper lip. He , does not look more than forty-five, if even so much, and when he speaks his manner is simple, ? homely, free from ostentation, yet inspiring .thorough confidence, and Ms ideas flow forth as clearly and as logically a3 though he were reading them from a book. Albeit his admirers are ?..; legion, still, like every man of sterling merit, \: some' of his : views— those on Intermediate and I University Education- in. particular — -meet with I ,; opposition f rom many not less zealous and earnest \ than he. .: : ... Yesterday this nomination was the. talk' of the \\\ city; before then, and now again, we are carried , away by the prospect of the proposed Eoyal visit. \- It is. enough to stun the people of this isle— the . announcement that on the 8th of next month: no . less distinguished personages than their .; Eoyal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales; ac . cbinpanied by their two sons, will set foot on Irish soil- !; i' ? The official statement had the effect ? of ..arousing the nation from a conditiortof lethargy, v and exciting it to an extravagant degree of en thusiasm, which manifested itself in .two totally ?I different forms. On the one hand, arose the' . Nationalists, , with the . determination to be ;?'?', sternly and uncompromisingly democratic' on .- the occasion of the visit, and to prove byapassivo .indifference that/the time for sneaking gratitude ;in return for gross injuries inflicted ona country's .?welfare is gone by for. ever. On .the other ? hand, the ' loyalists arose with every./protesta ; tion of .delight that could well: be imagined :xm their lips* and at present: they are ' meeting here ; arid :thero and' everywhere for ' i the purpose of drawing up addresses of welcome ?,.- and preparing rejoicings.. Setting aside every i political view of the question, it is beyond a doubt ?/that the visit. will send. a current of; trade activity throughout the land which it has not known for many a long day ; and even if this be only transitory, it must be acknowledged that it will be a God-send to a number of half-starved artisans '?.' and workers of all . elasses . This much advantage may: be easily reaped without in any way com promising tho independence and. dignity of ' Ireland ; for, without in the least earning ' 'Cufran's simile— that like ' a bastinadoed ' 'elephant, it kneels down to receive its rider'— ' Irelandinay adopt such an unmistakable tone of 'neutrality as to impress the Eoyal visitors with 1 the idea that the country recognizes, no tie bind i iii » it to , the British Go v ernment . The pro ; gramme of Events to' be carried out during the fortnight's visit grows more extensive evbry day, ''land already includes: A Levee and Drawing-rooni 1 ; in' the Castle',, at which no lady can make a pra 0 sentatiik ; to 'the Princess who, :' herself,; has. not (ibeen presented to the' Queen1!— -a state dinner 'and:;ball,! the opening of. 'the Eoyal Dublin s'Sbciety's Spririg Showj a flower show,' a dog show,: v, ;the laying of 'the; foundation-stone of the new ?^Museurnl, a' military ^tournament; a* grand ball; !- given'by the .principal clubs of the city, Pitnches ''?town ' races,V visits to^ Carton,: Powersoourb,, Gowran Castle, a few days with the Earl of Listowel and. in Eillarney';: then- back again to Dublin and on to Belfast, Londonderry, Barons-; court (the seat of the Duke of Abercorn), and Newry ; and home to England by the Larne and Stranraer route. This is only a brief sketch of the proposed arrangements, and if it be carried out I cannot but see that much good to the com mercial interests of the country will be the result. Of course, threats of all kinds are floating in definitely on the air, and the rumour goes abroad that should the Eoyal party allow itself to bf- accompanied on its provincial tours by the Viceroy, hisses and hoots will greet its progress from south to north; Connected with their intended visit we have no end of gossip of a municipal character. The ever memorable and highly sensational Lord Mayor's melodrama will not easily be forgotten for many a long day ! I remember telling you a oouple of . months ago that our Chief Magistrate is Alder man O'Connor, vintner, and that a largo number of. the citizens were opposed to his election to the prominent position ha now holds. He began office under an evil star by paying a compliment ary, visit to the Lord Lieutenant, for which he was duly censured by his Nationalist friends, who seized the opportunity for intimating to him that such a thing as attending a levee was not to be thought of. From that time he remained politi cally quiet until Sunday week, when a mass meet ing was held in the park to protest against the tyrannical treatment of William O'Brien, M.P., by the Speaker of the House _ of Commons. Over that immense gathering the Lord Mayor presided. Naturally, the member for Mallon's speech was a clever and scathing denunciation of the autocratic conduct of the British' Government in enforcing the Cloture, and as he advanced with the subject his power of invective increased until it burst forth into something like eloquent passion with a state ment to the effect that the Prince and Princess of Wales would be sure of a welcome here if they came to kick Earl Spencer out of the Castle. Everyone knowing half as much about the secret of that 'Palace of Truth' as Mr. O'Brien can understand how easy it was for him to say that, and as few in the city are quite ignorant of the state of affairs there, Mr. O'Brien's vigorous lan guage produced no very great shock. ? Different, however, was the result of the Lord Mayor's speech at the close of the meeting. It astonished all and delighted the majority, by whom it was legitimately construed into a .pledge of his future conduct. What other conclusion could they have come to when they heard him declare, bQcca aj?erta,th.a,t the moment their Eoyal Highnesses should setfoot on Kingstown Pier, that moment would the Lord Mayor haul down the civie flag from the Mansion House flag-staff ! Great was the talk next day concerning this re velation of the inner man. The Nationalists were, of course, ready to swear by him; and the non Natibnalists were ready to make mince-pie of him;! In. any ease, Lord Mayor O'Connor was in every man's mouth, leaving the Mahdi ; and Gladstone absolutely nowhere. Judge then of, the exquisite quiyer of delight, and the agonizing thrill of hor ror, which took possession of the city on Thursday morning when the dailies canie forth with a very humble|apblogy from the Lord Mayor, in which he asked the people to believe he regretted sincerely having given expression to disloyal sentiments when 'under the excitement of a mass meeting.' Poor man; he meant no harm ! He only meant to convey/ by|hauling down the flag, that he could not, as the Chief Magistrate of the city where the Coercion and Crimes Acts hold rule, receive Lord Spencer's guests !' Then there was howled forth from nine-tenths of the population a groan of con tempt for the Lord Mayor, as well as for the Freeman, which backed him up in his ehange of front. Arid what do you imagine were the feel ings of Mr. O'Brien, whose spirited weekly, United Ireland, appeared that morning lauding his Worship to the skies for his outspoken speech, and his determination to treat royalty according to its deserts, and for his courageous example to the people of Ireland ? For you must know that when the apology was sent round to the ne'wsr paper offices the previous night, the Nationalist organ was left out in the cold! However, it ap peared next day. with a second edition— a Ebland for.the Lord Mayor's Oliver— nor did it forget to bestow ori 'the popular daily' a little . of its mind. To-day's United Ireland calls on its readers to remember that the Lord Mayor's pusil lanimity does net involve a retraction of his de termination to keep the Prince at arm's length from the Mansion House. Nay, it goes further than this V'it states its belief that the Lord Mayor sincerely regrets his regret— that he is extremely sorry ho was coerced to write an apology for his speech in the Phoeuix Park ! This latest does not help to elucidate matters .!. , Before leaving all .mention t of the royal visit ??until I record the devolopmerit of opinions in my next, I must tell you a very significant ^private meeting was held yesterday by. the Nationalist members of the Corporation on the same subject. There were twenty to eight! votes against a motion that an address should bo presented to the. Prince. A manifesto was read by Mr; Clancy; T.C., sub-sheriff, ptu-porting to come from Mr. Parnell as a declaration of his opinion concerning the attitude to be assumed by the; people of Ireland towards royalty. The docu ment was the subject of a very wordy war, and as many doubted its authenticity, the consideration of ' Address' or 'No Address' was postponed until. Saturday, by which time Mr. Parnell would be ' ebmniunicated with. It is reported that Mr; Harrington, M.P., gave it as his belief that the leader of/the Party had nothing to say to the manifesto,' and certainly United Ireland— that Party's organ— makes no mention of it to-day. ; Passing away now from the great, subject of discussion here, I shall move on to another mat-, ter, dovetailing it with the last by means of the statement that when the Lord Mayor went on Sunday night to meet the remains of Dr. Cahill at: the Kingsbridge Terininus, he was treated with sucli contempt that he had to leave the pro cession on its way to Arran Quay Chapel and. return to the Mansion House. This Dr. 'Cahill, of, whom the fading generation kriows'more than the: .rising, .was the great controversialist who stood ( up for Ireland when clouds hung over her head, and1 famine arid fever stalked ruthlessly through the; land. Born in the Queen's County closeon ninety; years ago5,' he entered Maynooth when only' eighteen,!and thence he issedi'ully armed for the: fight which' every Catholic priest had then to make against bigotry and oppression. His pro foniid erudition secured for him the Chair ' of Natural Philosophy in Carlow College, which he held for nine years — even the Times acknow ledging that no teacher of his time so clearly revealed the deep truths of science. Then the character of the day drew him forth from the study to occupy a, prominent place on a public platform as one able and willing to defend before a mixed audience the national religion against the attacks of proselytizers. From this he found himself called to help the. people during the ter rible sufferings of '47 and the following years; and then we find him opposing singlolianded England's tyrannical government of Ireland. He was a strong, powerful advocate of a just cause, and when he died in Boston twenty years ago Irb land lost a true and warm friend. His last words— ' Carry me to Ireland when I die '—were not forgot ten, though years passed before it was possible to gratify the wish they contained. On Saturday his body was landed in Queeristown, and conveyed to St. Colman's Cathedral, where High Mass was celebrated. On Sunday they were removed to this city, where the coffin lay in state in St. Paul's until Monday morning. Then, after the Dead Mass, they were brought to Glasneviri, accom panied by a large number of representatives and delegates from religious and political societies, i Probably you have heard, as well as we, of the death of the Archbishop of Bucharest — Monsignor Paoli, known to Eoman Catholics as the Father Ignatius who was so dear to Father Ignatius Spencer, uncle of our Viceroy, and also- to Cardinals Wiseman and Newman. He was \ a prominent figure in the Oxford movement of '46 towards Eorne. : The women of Ireland still, advance ! A Lon donderry lady, Miss Welsh, sister-in-law of Pro fessor Leebody, of the Magee College, has been appointed head, mistress of Girton, where she had held for some time the pot of lecturer in Classics, as well as the position of assistant mis tress. The troopB, 18th Eoyal Irish, departing for the Soudan from Waterford last Saturday, behaved no better than the troops, 5th Eoyal Irish, which left us for the same place a couple of weeks ago. They came into contact with the police, and broken heads, to say nothing of fractured helmets, were the consequence. The priests had to inter fere, and command the military to be off to the ship which was waiting to convey them to genuine war. It was a lively scene and worthy of the pen of a Charles Lever if there were such a one now existing. I have written up to the last moment, and no more news of any kind comes in, unless you would care to learn that, notwithstanding ja; severe frost last night, the sunshine is bringing us a promise just now of the near approach of real spring weather. Every place that can boast of a little green is looking fresh and bright ; the trees are budding all aroiind; and as I take a peep out of my window, I see a grass plot all covered with, the ' green immortal shamrock ' ready to do duty on Tuesday next, St. Patrick's Day. , 