AMUSEMENTS. ! THE DRAMA, &C.; Under tho portentous title of The Shadow of a Groat City, n drama now to the colonics was produced at the Theatre Royal ou SaW day evening last. The piece is, as its name im plies, of the essentially sensational and niclm-M order. It seeks to compensate, like most of its class, for literary and dramotic shortcomings bv stago carpentry and scenic accessories. There is in it really nothing novel, striking or inter- csting. It is vulgar, commonplace and utterly improbable. It satisfies the dramatic pr0. ' prictics in no single particular. It simply em bodies a phnso of gutter literature adapted to tbo stage, and, without any wish to reflect upou tho audience, wo must say flint the readers of tho penny dreadful journals could alone take an interest iu the entertainment. Tho manage- inent, it must be admitted, havo done their ut most os regards tlio mounting to make it go, aud, artistically speaking, it claims commondation, 'but, beyond the labors of Mr. Hennings and his assistants, tlio per formance is only worthy of a very minor theatre. It is supposed to illustrate crimiuul life iu New York, and it iutroducos a varioly ot characters, mostly those with the taint of felony oil tlicra. The first scene represents a pawnshop with nu merous customers in attendance. The pro prietor is, of courso, the inevitable Hebrew much ns wo find represented iu alt the sensa tional dramas of tho day. His name is Nathan, nnd a more consummate scoundrel it would be difficult to conceive. He is coarse, fibred, grasp ing and cruel, capable of- any villnuy, and swayed nlonc l>y mercenary and sclf-iuf crested motives. The pawnshop is utilised as tlie arena in which to introduce tlie several dramatis personal, : Wo have thus presented the fast young man who has just robbed hisdyiug uuelo of some' valuable diamonds, iu order to prolong his dissipation. We. have shown the good, bad aud indifferent characters brought together by the levelling process ot poverty, and assembled to do business with tho . Israelite, who preys, . not unnatur ally, upon , tho misfortunes of fliosi who seek bis business acquaintance. The' j drunken loafer aiid wife bcator, tlio youngster of 6ix years who presents some household .utensil in lion of n few shillings to be devoted to the purckuso of beer, the guy yonug lady, tlio jolly tarwho' offers his last change of attire for the means of paying his- landlady,' tbo modest seamstress, tho liardworkiug mecbauic — iu fact all sorts aud conditions of men and women, assemble under tlio regis of the Lom- liardic symbol. For the purposes of the drama the habitues of the pluco rendered prominent are Geo. Benson (Mr. Catcs), the profligate nephew of a wealthy New York citizen, a sailor named Tom Cooper, a funny thief named Ferreri, n demonstrative Irish washerwoman, and others too numerous to mention. Gee. Benson is n sort of nristocratic scoundrel, through whose machinations his uuole has driven away an only .daughter to. dio of poverty, aud bas discharged a faithful prole<<5 named Cooper, tho : ; 6ailor ; lad aforesaid. Re appears at tho pnwnshop in the opening of the play Buffering from tho last stages of debauchery , and desirous -of raising .£1000 upou diamonds pilfered from his dyiug uncle. Tim discards! daughter also appears, accompanied by her little child, both suffering from waulofthi common necessaries of existence. A tbrevv detective named Arkwriglit coincs upon the scene, togctbor with a number of constables, aud by means of a little persuasion, baeke with a bribe, the woman and; child aro carried off to the lock-up preparatory to being removed to the prison hospital.; The question is as to who; shall inherit old Benson's inouey-tM wicked . nephew; 1 .or tho helpless oipuni of : the poor creature who has been driven from her home by a. father n o could not .brook her marrying' against las wishes, however respectably, Geo. Benson ou Natlrnn secrelo the stolen diamonds in _'11 bundle of clothes' offered in pawn by Torn Cooper, nnd he too is carried off to tbo vvate houso. The amusing hirccnist, Jim larreu, is secreted in the shop when the diamonds na placod iu Cooper's handle by Nathan, aud i becomes nwaro of iho scheme to get rid o sailor. He i too is arrested, and all are carried nway to prison, Biddy Kowau, a honest, kindly old Risli washerwoman, interest in Aunie Stamlisb, the poor cas-to t woman, and visits her in. tho prison . Benson nnd Nathan conspire to ohhun Jiu. Farrcn's reloase, provided ho undertakes to y off and drown tlio child Helen, who is to old Benson's properly. This.is ilulyarraug Fairon nnd Cooper, aro iiimntcs of cells n<J iug each other, nnd both contrivo to escnp gather, the former taking with him the girl, who whs sleeping iu tho room " iinhappy mother Jay dead. : In ho rtte l drown the child Barren is frustrated by CwP J who dives after the infant and. cues t, « the police in pursuit contrivo to rccapui Faiiea. A period of fifteen years is supposed to elapse. When tho. next scene opens, the old Irish woman, Cooper anil Ileleu, who Pas grown to he ft handsomo young woman, are found residing together and cnrningftlivclih'ood by letting hosts. Cooper is, of course, in love with Helen, who warmly reciprocates his affec tion. Their dream of hnppiness is, however, rudely disturbed by the sudden reappearance of Geo. Benson, Forron, tho thief, and a detective. Benson, who has been appointed trustee of her i uncle's estate, claims tho custody of tho young i lady, who is still under age, and exposes the an tecedents of Cooper, who is taken into custody, while Helen declares that sho wiU devote her fortune to prove her lover's inuoceiice. In tho next act Benson is found residing in his uncle's house in New York, with Helen and the old Irish woman acting as domestic. Ho offers to inarry Helen but she iudignnntly declines to accept him, aud further intimates her inten tion to require from him a strict account of her properly. In this extremity Benson falls back upon Nathan for advice and counsel, and from their conversation, which Helen hears while secreted in the room behind some hang ings, she Icarus her lover's innocence of the crime imputed to him, and immediately de nounces the two villains, who seize and thrust her into tho strong room or vault where the family silver is stored for safety. ' Jim Farren, ia pursuit of his vocation as a thief, steals into the houso and socks to carry off tho pinto ; but as soou as ho oponB tho door, the young lady falls forward in a . faint; upon which the intending robber,' mistaking her for a ghost, beats a hasty retreat. The ruffians, Benson and Na'than, are about to seizoHelen a second time, when Tom Cooper, having escaped from prison in the meantime, rushes in and saves his sweetheart from further insult The polico next arrive on the scene. Tom Cooper is exonerated from all culpability, nnd lakes the pretty Helen to his arms, while the Tillains, Benson and Nathan, are carried off by the myrmidons of tho law to meet their well deserved fate for conspiracy to murder. The piece affords only very limited scope for really good acting. Mr. Catcs, as Benson, was quiet and gentlemanly, nnd got through the business with nn npparcut contempt for tho diameter no less than for tho drama. Mr. Bed- wood's Nathan was the least Israelitish of any impersonation of tho sort wo have witnessed on the stage in Melbourne. As Jim Faircn Mr. Williamson in the first act, gave hopes of ap pearing in something fresh, something which was neither John Stotfel nor Kerry, but he fell off in the second act, and towards the close he had got into tho old aud well worn grooves, out of which ho cannot pull himself. Miss Maggie Moore makes an excellent, albeit vulgar, old Irish woman. Some of her by-play was very amus ing, nnd tho display of tho regions of the ancles brought dowuthohoascin appreciative applause. Miss Bishop makes a very interesting heroine . on nil occnsions, nnd her Helen formed no ex ception to tho role. Mr. Vincent, who took the part of Tom Cooper, is a very conventional actor aud inclined to be melo-dramatic. Mr. A. H. Lawrcuco makes n capital detective. The other parts were fairly filled. The Magistrate pursnes its successful course at the Bijou, drawing largo and appreciative audiences nightly. At the Opera House Tho Lights o' London continues to occupy the boards. Billy Emerson's season at St. George's Hall terminated last evening. During his stay in Melbourne his minstrels liavo done excellent business. The Federal Minstrels are still performing at the Victoria Hall, Bourkc-strcct, to very good honses. Mr. C. N. Anson, a new English actor, ap peared for tho first time in Sydney at tho Theatre Iloyal last Saturday night. Mr. Dampicr is playing Bclphegor, an old favorite character of his, at the Gaiety,' Sydney, good houses. ' - Mr. Wybert Hecve is maintaining his ground, satisfactorily in Adelaide. Mr. Dion Bnucicault is said to have had ti Tciy indifferent company to support him in Dnaediu, Tho Juno-Taylor compnuy ate itinerating Now Zealand. .... Geo. Dnrrell is advertised to' appear in Duiiodin about Christmas. Tbcro is said to he quite a superabundance of shows at present in Maoriland, and tho business is consequently very much distributed, which means financial disaster all round, M'llalion the youthful cntroprenucur, re ceived an offer from Mr. Boucicault to accom pany him to America, but tho favor was de clined. The Syitncy Bulletin referring to a late visit c the Norton Minstrels to Auckland states at as a big "boom" was wanted, tho strength he company was increased by tho enrol ment of fourteen local stars. Tho first local ear came out with what is describedas '"a sic ly smile." He stayed singing until a good e furniture was brotcn. 'l'hcn tbc second star appeared. He stayed singing until someono threw n white-washed brush at him. en caino tho third local star. Ho prefaced a song with tho hint that if ho was intcr- l!i'w,IlaU won fly- Mo was interrupted, r i i comply aroso 1 < on its ,.m . "S5 ' and hurled tho balance of 0 cal stars down the back stab's, toJl)0 Horaco Lingard is getting win fi a "rs' '"ss comic opera company, i ubicb bo intends travcUing through America and Australia to India. EonJ" J" B' ®owe» w1m) toured these colonics V..1 ,7,Car, or two ogo, is now back in London, he dubs himself the Irving of tho East. Ho is playing leading parts at tho Britannia Theatre. . By " peculiarity of American copy wriglit law a distinction is inado bolwoen copyright in a musical and in a dramatic composition.- Tho author of a dramatic work is protected in the exclusive right of representation of -his work, while no such provision is mado in tho case of musical pieces. Tho author of a musical com position is entitled to tho solo right to publish and sell copies of his work, hut there is no sole, right of stage representation specified. This peculiarity will very, likely upset Gilbert aud Sullivan in their Mikado litigation. Clement Scott, in his best fiery vein, writes in tho Ihealre a rcmarkablo nnd oxcoodingly readable notice of Hoodinan Blind, in wbicb ho takes special oxcoption to tho final scene, wherein the hero, Juck Yculett, confronts the villain, Mark Lezzard, and ends .by hurling' him amongst a crowd of infuriated rustics to re ceive Iris punishment at their, hands,-. This Mr. Scott terms " as rank an- exhibition .of cowardice as has over been applauded upon tbo English stnge and he proceeds to denounce this side by sido with tho latest dcvclpmcnts of Salvation Army Christianity. . "I sympa thise," ho says, "with tho sinner of this play far mora than with tho hero. And why? Be cause -tho one at least is penitent and repent ant, and because tho other is merciless and un forgiving. I think of Mark Lezzard .with pity, hecanso I soo him with his poor, white face, imploring for mercy from his stronger rival, who, instead of showing it, calls up a pack of wolves, casts a battered carcaso into their yelling midst, and in the melee, strikes nn attitude as a Christian martyr 1" 