the v.bec. spring meeting. THIRD DAY— THURSDAY, NOV. 5. Although Thursday is looked upon as au and the raciog, as compared with that on the three other days, causes but little interest, there was a fair attendance on the course to-day, 'and the whole of the pro ceedings, the weather being splendid, were thoroughly enjoyable, especially by those who did not no oat to see merely spectacular effects. The ball was opened with Tee Mjjden Plats. A sweepstakes or 10 soys, each, with 250 added, second horse to receive 50 a ore. out of the stake. Weight for age. One mile and a- half. "Winchester (Derritt) 1 Cyclops (Sanders) 2 Parwan (Trahan) ... 3 PercnEsion also started. Betting ; 3 to 1 on Winchester, 5 to 1 against Percussion, 6 to 1 against Cyclops, 1(J to 1 against Parwan. Cyclops came with a rash opposite the stand, and nearly caught Derritt napping, bnt he had calculated his distance, and won by half a-Iength. Percussion three lengths behind Cyclops, Time, 2 min. 54 if sees. The Flti>g Stares. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 200 added. The second horse to receive 50 aovs. out of the stake. For two-year-olds and up wards. Weight for age. Three-qnartera of a mile. Blairgowrie (Flannagan) I Maddelina (O'Connor) 2 Cheshaxu (M'Dowall) 3 The following also started : — Halcyon, Acme, and Gemini. Betting : 3 to 1 on Acme. 6 to 1 against Maddelina, 10 to 1 against Blairgowrie, 20 to 1 against the others. Won by two lengths, Acme fourth. Time, 1 min. 2 0 sees. Spring Handicap. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, X ft., with 200 added. The second horse to receive 50 sots, grc of the stake. For o yr olds and upwards. One mile a quarter. Cerise and Blue (Gorry) 1 Velocipede (Burton) 2 Livington (T. fleet) 3 The following also started : — St. Lawrence, Honeydew, Chuckster, Camerine, The Ghost, St. John, Merrimu, Lantern, Gratitude, Merman, Arsenal and Lesbia. Betting : 2 to 1 against St. John, 6 to 1 against Lantern, 7 to 1 against Merrimu, 10 to 1 against Chccksterand Cerise and Blue, 20 to 1 the others. Cerise and Blue was first into the straight, then came Laviugton, Chuckster, Veloci pede, and St. John. Cerise and Bine held His own to the end, and won by two good lengths from Velocipede, who in turn beat Lavington by a head, on the post, for 2nd place, Camerine 4th, Merrimu 5th, Honey- dew 6th, St. John 7tb, Merman last. Time : 2min. lOsec. The Koial Park Stakes. A sweepst&ktE; of 5 sovs. each, 2 ft. with. 200 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stake. Weight for age. Two TTlilPB, Trenton (Kobertson) 1 Remus (Sanders) 2 Duniop (Food) 3 First Chester and Isonomy. Betting : 7 to 4 on Trenton, 3 to 1 against First Chester, 5 to 1 against IsoDomy, Rn'"g began in earnest at the sheds, where Duniop con tinued in front. He showed the way too into the straight with Isonomy on bis right, and Trenton on the rails. Below the dis tance, Duniop retired beaten, and Trenton came on with the lead, but just then Remus made a great effort to catch him. The favorite, however, had plenty in band, and won easily by two lengths, Remus second, Dnnlop third, Isonomy fourth. Time : 4 min. 19 sees. Weight fob Age Steeplechase. A sweepstake of 5 cove, each, 1 ft., with 300 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stake. About two mil and a- h&lf.; Trickett (Clone) ... 1 Banker (T. Wateoa) ... ... ... 2 Denmark (Kilduff) 3 These were the only starters. Betting : 4 to 1 on Denmark, 5 to 1 against Trickett or Banker. Very little straight out betting, mostly on doubles. Denmark and UraUa were backed at even for Steeple and Oaks. Denmark (says the Herald) went off with the lead, followed by Trickett. Denmark showed the way over the first fence, followed by Banker and Trickett. At the second fence Trickett was second, there being about ten lengths between each of the three. The fence at the abattoirs brought down Den mark, the horse getting up and escaping from his rider. Trickett had now a lead of about thirty lengths. Denmark, bow- ever, was caught and re-monnted by Kil duff, and set sail after the others, Trickett being about half-a-mile in advance of him. Denmark fell again at the first fence in the straight, but Kilduff was once more speedily in the saddle again. Trickett, in turn, fell at the Railway Bridge, and Banker at the next fence. Tricket however, was re-mounted, and after Banker's accident was again in the lead. Banker also was re-mounted, but Trickett had a tremendious lead, and would have won by nearly a quarter of a mile had he not taken the wrong course and avoided the last fence. He passed the post first, followed, after a long interval, by Banker, Denmark third. A protest was entered against Trickett by the rider of Banker, and aUowed, the race being awarded to Banker, Denmark second. Time — Tcnin. 25sec. Some very rough things were said, and public feeling ran very high over the rnnmng of Denmark. He came down twice, and finished last in the Steeplechase. The Oaks Starts, A sweepstakes of 25 6ovs. each, with 375 added; 300 sovs. aud all the sweepstakes for the first horse, 50 for the second, aud 25 for the third. For 3-year-old fillies, Set 101b (61 subs.). One mile and a half. UralU (Hales) 1 Parody (Power) 2 Lady Claudia (M. O'Brien) 3 Buttress and Violet also started. Betting : 5 to 1 on Uralla, 5 to 1 against Parody, 5 to 1 against VioJet. Uralia won easily, and never was pushed. Time — 2tnin 44£sec. The Vetekax Stakes, Of 5 sova. each, with 200 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. oat of the stake. One mile and a half. Britisher 1 Cerise and Blue 2 Metal .-. 3 The other starters were — Grace Darling, Tom Brown, Welcome Jack, Acolyte, Kit Nubbles, Coriulanos, Lord Wilton, Plausible, "Wing, Chuckster, Knby, The Agent, Comet, Boswortb, Tempe, Anglesey, Ravenewortb, Doncaster, Mentmore, King ship, and Gence. Betting — 100 to 30 against Britisher, 4 to 1 against Cerise and Blue, 7 to 1 against Grace Darling, S to 1 each against Metal, Mentmore, and The Agent, 10 to 1 each against Plausible and Tempe, 100 to S against Coriolanua, 20 to 1 against Ruby. Wing bad the best position on the inside, while on the extreme outside were Coriolanns, Tempe, and Ment more. Chuckster kicked about amongst the horses, and there was a good deal of delay before the flag felL For so large a field of horses they were got away well together, bat an unfortunate accident happened before the horses had got 50 yards on the journey. Grace Darling near the front fell, and in an instant Doncaster and Kingship tumbled over her. Williams, the rider of Grace Darling, was carried away insensible, and apparently badly hurt. Doncaster, fell on his head, broke his seek, and was killed instantly, a crowd jumping over the fence to drag him out of the road before the horses came round again. The rider of Doncaster clung to the fence until the horses passed, when be was assisted away. As the field went up towards the bridge, Tom Brown was leading, with Bavenswortb dose to him, and. Anglesey, Plausible, and Welcome Jack next to him. Hearing the back Welcome Jack moved up a bit, and was running in the third place, and passing the abattoirs Lord Wilton bad taken a four lengths' lead from the New Zealand horse, the others being hidden in a dense cloud of dnst. At the torn in Lord Wilton aud Welcome Jack were still at the head of affairs. The Agent was coining to them on the outside, while Tempe and Coriolanus, both sweeping wide, made a dash at the leaden. Fairly in the straight Britisher and Cerise and Bine came out together, and the race was between the pair. For a moment the result was uncertain, bnt at the distance Britisher bad the little mare beaten, and . galloped borne, winning by a length. .Metal was third, Chackster fourth, Kit Nubbles fifth, Anglesey .sixth, Wing seventh, Tom Brown eighth. The Agent next, and Tempe last lime, 2 min. 38f«ecs. 