ORIGINAL POETRY. KEVERIES. S one who on the shore I,as fun<1 some pebble, deeming it a gem — V®|W But flings it by to think of it no more, When proved unfitting for a diadem— fllm% So, weakling heart, do I, too, fling thee by, VJUUU I Ah I fickle soul, and poor I Did'st deem that I should sit me down and mourn, Should's'. wail and sorrow for thee evermore ; And quail before thy pity and thy scorn ? Look on me now — both cheek and eye are dry 1 Good bye ! I have great faith in life ; . The wide-world is not thronged with such as thee ; I deem time's waves despite their angry strife, Will yet cast on life's shore a gem for me Hand clasped with thee, I might have let it lie. Good bye 1 Alone I stand— for now With an uncertain sorrow in thy tone, And with, perchance, a somewhat troubled brow, Thou hast passed on. Ah, well, I vow I shall not groan, nor weep, nor sigh. Good bye ! The day may come, lost friend When thou sbalt stand where I am standing now, Brooding upon our friendship and its end. There may be in thine heart a yearning glow, "Too late! too late 1" I say it sorrowingly. Good bye 1 No longer, rose-embowered and bright, Pale memory flings her portals free To fairy scenes of golden light, And sparkles of the summer sea. The arches grey are overgrown, The trellised vines are sere and thin, Where through the vision marks alone The shadows of the " Might Have Been." Where once the jocund hours in troops Sped lightly on, with jest and laugh, The pilgrim form of Sorrow stoops, Ana iaiters on nis ieeuie sum. Dark troubled Care a-m uttering sits, And Folly hand in hand with Sin, Now ghost-like o'er the threshold flits To mock us with the " Might Have Been." From ruined tower and shattered fane, Regret, the solemn raven croaks ; And bat-winged messengers of pain Beat the dull air with ceaseless strokes. The fatal gulfs we blindly crossed. Again in all their woe are seen And phantoms of the loved and lost Smile sadly from the " Might Have Been." Close memory, close thy portals grey, And o'er my soul oblivion cast, Or send a brighter gladsome day To blot the vista of the past I Wild, wild regrets, ye are in vain, For that surcease we ne'er may win 1 Oh I speechless heritage of pain — Thf> anguish of the " Might Have Been." " ATHA." \- A 