ECHOES OF M3ELBOUZABE. IBr TiE GHOST.J To members of former Victorian Mini stries Sorrento has proved a veritable Capua. To record the names of the Proe miers, Chief Secretaries, and Attorney Generals, who have perambulated the sultry and breezeless sands of this most dreary of sea-side resorts in search of health, and have returned to the cares of office more debilitated and unfit for work than before they wandered by the sad sea waves that lave Point Nepoan, would be simply to compile a list of his Excellency's advisers that have come and gone since the days in which the enterprising Mr. George Coppin first conceded tihe idea of deposing Queenseliff from its pride of place, and starting an opposition on the other side of Port Phillip Heads. But Mr. Service is apparently able to resist the enervating influence of "the back beach," or the dreary stroll to ' London Bridge," and to come back after his " sniff of the briny," as refreshed as Antosus after each contact with mother earth. Nay, more, the honourable gentleman is apparently able to get over the disgust and disappointment which the conduct of New South Wales at this important crisis, in Australian affairs is certain to have caused him, and to tackle the task of annexation with an amount of energy which, if it does not command, will at all events have deserved success. In the course of next week Mr. Griffith, the Queensland Premier, who it may be remembered caused the Union Jack to be raised in Nosew Guinea, with the consent of the Governor, Sir Arthur Kennedy, and whose action, if approved by the Colonial Office, would, as it now turns out, have saved a world of trouble, will be in Melbourne, and will be able to take sweet counsel with the Victorian Prime Minister in regard to future contingencies. As a result of the interview, it is not improbable that a meeting of the Federation Con ference may shortly be held in Hobart. The South Australian Premier will, in a few days, start for New Zealand to recruit his health, and may not, perhaps, object to as short detention in Tasmania's pleasant capital. Mr. Berry will already be there, inrugurating freetrade between Vic toria and the "tight little island," and if New South Wales can be induced to get over her "fit of the sulks," there is nothing to prevent a full gathering of colonial delegates. Even General Scratehley might be invited to be present at the meeting, and thus save the circumlocutory process of communicating separately with each of the Australian Governments, as directed by Earl Derby. As for Mr. Service, he would be ready, not only to cross the Straits at a moment's notice, but to dare the passage of the Styx itself, pro viding it lay between him and his desire to keep New Guinea and the New Hebrides for Australasia. If recent cablegrams are to be relied upon, negotiations are at present in pro gress between England and Germany for the cession to Great Britain of the portion of Papua recently seized by order of Prince Bismarck. It is asserted that the island of Heligoland, that " English thorn in Northern Europe's side," commanding the entrance of the Eider, the Elbe, and the Weser, is to be offered to Germany in ex clange for the part of New Guinea recently annexed. Has England, under Gladstone, fallen so low as this ? Has she come to the pass of having to barter her territory, because she is too timid to assert her rights, and, if needs be, to fight for them ? if such huckstering tallow-chandling policy is carried out, we shall next have France seizing the New Hebrides in order to be offered Jerseyand Guernsey; and Gibralter sad Malta exchlnged with Spain and Italy for territory which is already England's heritage in virtue of the enterprise of her sons. but which will be annexed for the purpose of enabling ia quid pro quo to be demanded. Should the disgraceful rumour of the humiliation of the mother country turn out to be true, the time will assuredly hIave arrived fol Australasia to act for herself. In the words of the patriotic song We've got the esn, we've got the ships, We've got the m~aoy too ! And we have, moreover, the consoling knowledge that Heaven helps thiose who help themselves ! Wonders, apparently, will never cease. Had any person, some dozen years ago, prophesied that a late and a present memn ber for Collingwood would have been found sitting, clothed and in their right minds, eas the chosen delegates of .Victoria at a conference held for inaugurating a system of intereolonial freetrado with Tasmania, the prophet would have been treated with as mudsch derision as was Elisha of old, when adjured by the harrikins of the period to " go up." But the age of miracles-Achilles Comto and the Posi tivists notwithstanding-has not yet ceased, and Messrs. Berry and Langridge. the formerof whom in days pas- was, and tihe latter in days present is, tile chosen of the dwellers on the " flat," are actually on tlheir way to Mobartto initiate s system they helse often denounced in good round set teinis. tles age to them brought wisdom ? Have the "wicked Conser vatives," with whom they have perforce in a Coalition Ministry been forced to rub shoulders, contaminated their pure politics ? Have the pair of astute gentle men discovered that the times ore changed since they wielded at will the fierce demo cracy of the Glass-hou'se division of the electorate, and the cat does not perform its saltatory exercise in the same direction as in bygone days? These are questions which the two travellers are alone com petent to answer. Whether any querist would obtain any reply ere he to interrgate Ithe Chief Secretary and the Commissioner of Customs is, however, ex tremely doubtful. Has the oft vaunted civilisation of the nineteenth century succeeded in refining the tastes of the masses ? The question may with some propriety be asked in con nection with a "go-as-you please" walking match, which terminated late on Saturday night at the Athletic Hall in Lonsdale street. Six competitors started on a trial of human endurance. The one who covered the greatest distance during a week-pro viding he traversed four hundred and seventy-five miles-was to be proclaimed the victor. How intensely elevating must have been the scene ! "As the hour for the termuination of the contest drew near, it was seen," the report states, " that Raynor would have to make strenuous exertions to cover the required distance. During the lastmile Ie repeatedlyfell from exlhaustion, but struggling to his feet staggered gamely forward, completing the four hundred and seventy-five miles one lap, at 11. 30." The pleasure derived from seeing a fellow creature, hour after hour, and day after day, walk round a wooden platform, per forming his weary journey to the strains of an atrociously discordant German band, must be left to the admirers of pedestrian feats to define. But sensible people may be apt to ask themselves why the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals should not interfere to save the noblest of them all-as he styles himself-froem the unnecessary amount of bodily pain inciden tal to an achievement that could easily be beaten by an ordinary donkey. What will he do with them ? The question is put in relation to tile Chief Commissioner of Police, and the two constables who used their revolvers " at large" upon the people of Numurkah, during an affray that occurred in that bucolic locality, injuring two or three in nocent persons. Mr. Chomley may per chance think that a "reprimand" is sufficient punishment, or a fine of a few slillings atone for the offence, or perhaps leave the aggrieved persons to seek their own legal remedy against theoffenders. But meanwhile would it not be well to protect her Majesty's liege subjects against the sporting proclivities of "the force ?" The close season for hares has quite recently been abolished. Might it not be wise to institute a close season for members of the human race, during which no constable should be allowed to fire at men, women, or children between certain dates-say from January lst] to December 31st, both days inclusive ? " Syndicates" have in the past, and doubtless will continue in the future, to he formed for all sorts of purposes. One of the newest developments of the com pany mongering mania is the proposal to establish a syndicate to construct "armed cruisers." What these vessels would find to occupy them during the present piping times of peace is somewhat of a puzzle. Where would they cruise ? Whom would they fight ? Would each, like Hal of the Wind, fight for his own hand, or, like the Buccaneers of old, would they share and share alike, and place all their plunder in ac common purse ? Do they contemplate "annexing" islands in Polynesia, and ex changing them for others in the North Sea or English Channel? These are matters one would like to see set forth explicitly in the prospectus.of the proposed association before becoming a shareholder. If to their other "legitimate business" the proposed armed cruisers would, however, add that of kidnapping cowardly Prime Ministers and untruthful and treacherous Colonial Secretaries, landing them in some locality where they would be powerless to work any further mischief,l it may be safely guaranteed that all "shares reserved for Australia" will be eagerly taken up, and the scrip soon be quoted at a handsome premium. "What may happen to a woman in Vic toria" is illustrated by the case of Mrs. Jenkins, who for some six months was kept a prisoner in her husband's house never allowed to leave the premises ex cepting in the company of her lord and master, who was brouglht up beforq a Supreme Court judge in the morning, and on the same evening she obtained her tem porary release from marital control swas made free for ever by the death of her quondam gaoler, who was killed while grooming a horse. Few ladies are indeed as lucky as Mrs. Jenkins! January 9. 