Cricket. Cricket Notes. [Secretaries of clabs will cbftrt by sending items o£ puolic Interest, addressed " Bat," Tekyraph office.] 05 taking another look over the names of those picked for practico I 'notice the absence of Gardiner/ The morning paper referred to the number of young colts who had been picked, but, although I cannot see particularly the force of that remark, why is not young # Gardiner included in the list ? He gives good promise, and he haa already practically demon strated that fact, aud be certainly deserves a place among the team, let alone among those picked for practice. - However, it is not too luto even now to add his name to the list. I attended at the first day's practice, but I cannot say X was at all pleased with what I saw. In the first place, out of the twenty-two or twenty-three local players who have been ', picked only some fourteen or fifteen put in an appearance. Batting seemed to be the prin cipal attraction, if X may to use the word, and i the endeavour was to stay there as long as pos ; sible and then gO away. This' was the way . with ilie majority of them; . there were of i course some few exceptions. The way the | practising is done in England is for each man • to be-stationed in practice jn the position he is to occupy in the field at the match. It is true that the Queen's Park is somewhat limited as regards the room, but a wicket might very easily be prepared go as to allow the longrtop to field close to the fence, and that would allow more room for the fielders, because a single wicket would be quite sufficient. It seems to me that pur men are practising, hard hitting. This may. be right enough in its way, but what'good form is put aside as* quite a gecondary consideration, and sensa tional hits the only object in view, it shows a great want of sense and judgment. The cry is 4 * still they, come." This" would ha very appropriate for the English cricketers to say, with regard to victories. They have met and defeated Australia, although not by any means a thoroughly representative team, still it* was'the best that could be got. The match was commenced on the 1st instant, in Melbourne"; in the presence of about 11,000 spectators, by"the Englishmen going to the wickets. The Australian team must have had a nice lot of leather-hunting, for at the close of the day's play 303 runs had been scored for the los3 of nine wickets. This they increased on the following day to 401 rdns. Large scores seem to have been the order of the day, Briggs topping the lot with 121 runs. This player is short, and thick-set, and hails from Lancashire. He has gained the repu tation of being the finest fielder at cover point in the world. He may be styled a pigmy com pared with Bonnorand others of similar height", but bis hitting power is very little behind them; Shrewsbury came next with 72 runs, to his credit: Barns, 58 : Hunter, not out, 39, were the next highest contributors. The Australian representatives began well as they had 151 runs to their credit for thelossof three wickets, at the closo of the second day's play; but, alas 1 on the resumption of the game the next day, the wickets fell somewhat rapidly, the score being 279. Being 122 behind they were obliged to follow on for their second innings, but in this they were not so success ful as in their first innings, as they left the Englishmen five runs to get to win, which they obtained without the loss of a wicket. _ At a meeting of the Victorian Association, held the other evening, the refusal of Messrs. Blackliam, Boyle, Seott, Bonnor, Macdonnell, and Palmer, to play against the Englishmen in the intercolonial match was considered, and it was decided to call upon those gentlemen to give an explanation of their conduct. It does seem strange, to say the least of it, that these players should object to play. It gives the Englishmen the privilege of saying that they have beaten a representative team of Australia, whereas if these Victorians and other New South "Welshmen had taken part in the match a somewhat different result might have been chronicled. I ^ "Felix/' iu the Australasian, in comment - I ing on the recent intercolonial match says:—' "In the long list of intercolonial matches there ! is not one which came to a more abrupt and unexpected conclusion than that which termi nated at throe minutes to 4 o'clock on Tuesday in favour of Victoria by an innings and 5 runs. Everybody was completely astonished at the result. Thb Sydney men were 79 behind on the first innings, and though the wicket was somewhat worn when they started their second innings, most of us thought a total score of up wards of 200 would be realised. Great was the surprise, therefore, when man after' man fell before PalmerandBmce, until inonehour and40 minutes the wholeof them had fallen for the very poor total of 74. On all sides you hear the . questions. 4 How did it come about?' 'What was the matter;' and so on. Perhaps the best answer is that Pahmr 'struck a pitch.' and when he strikes a pitch the batsmen, as we all know, have not much chance of doing big tilings. For instance, that ball which floored Jones was goodonough to beat any batsman in the world. It was a splendid length, and pitching on what Palmer him -elf termed * a lovely little spot *—that Ls to say. a spot which had becomewworu. crumbled, and dmty—the ball bioke lv.uk fully three inches, and easily got through even the streug defence of the batsman mentioned. Alick Bannermm was sent to the rightabout by an almost similar ball, and Moses also came to grief, clean bowled by Palmer, who had this fine lcft-hai.ded Katsman completely in a knot during the time he was nt tlic wickets. G. Bamterman was caught and bowled by Palmer, owing to a defect 111 the pi toll, whieh caused the' l«aU to rise suddenly just us the batsman played hai-d forward at it; and lUnrr was caught by Walters, also off Palmer. Mnrr, however, was not. beaten by the ball, h> ihfnrlnro being caused simply by n miss-hit- Brace ably aided Palmer. and irot j-id 01 Murcich -v\:o p'Mytd o ;\ Ganvtf, Ii;d OlcsTou, and 0*Haiikm. Tito New South "Welshmen themselves say they ought to have made moro runs, and that the pitch wag not | nearly so much in favour of the howler as the \ ti&all; total would seem to indicate. This may j he so, but it is none the leas a fact that scarcely one of them seemed able to piny Palmer, and that he and Bruce sent them to the pavilion in rapid succession, so that if the condition of the wicket had but little to do with the fiasco, then either Palmer and Bruce must have been in exceptionally fine form, or the Sydney men must, for the time being, have lost their bat ting powers. Palmer could get no work on in the first innings, when the wicket was as amobth as a billiard table.** The same writer says:—" That the members of the fourth Australian Eleven have since their return lost all the good opinion they gained by * their splendid play in England is patent to any ordinary and impartial observer. On all *ides their action as a team has been condemned in the strongest terms. And now that thev act not as a team but as individuals they are pur siung exactly the same course which called forth the well merited censure of the Press. Mr. Major, the selector of teams, acting for our as sociation, asked each playing member of the recently-disbanded team* if he would play in the combined match against the English men. In each case Mr. Major received a refusal, and so it is to be placed on record that these moo, which have all their time at their disposal, and could easily play, deliberately slight the association and the cricket public of the colony. The public desire to see the best team in Australia meet the Eng lishmen, hut rather than please the public these men prefer to vent their petty spite by doing all in their power to keep a few pounds out of the pockets of our English professional visitors, who make their living by cricket. It is even . alleged, on good authority, that not content with keeping out of the match themselves, they, or some of them, in the worst possible spirit, have used every endeavour to prevent other Aus tralians from playing. It is much to be re gretted that in one or two cases they have been successful, but generally birds of a feather fleck together. Our association should show some backbone in this matter, and take notice of those refusals. If every member of the recent Australian team disappeared from the country to- morrow, cricket would still flourish in the laiul. Indeed, according to their action since they came back, it would be a good thing for Australian cricket if they never played here again. Thev have done all they . can to destroy the good feeling between Eng lish and Australian cricketers, and to injure the good name Australia deservedly enjoys for extending kindness and generous welcome to visitors They have shown no manliness, no courtesy, no spark of kindly feeling whatever to our English friends. I wonder how our men would feel if they were similarly treated in England. What would they think if W. G. Grace and the best men of England refused to meet them at Lord's or Eennington Oval r" Ont of the 33 intercolonial matches played Victoria has won 12 and ISew South Wales 14. A. lev days ago. relates a Jtietoourne paper, • tome passengers or one of the ocean-going steamers were afforded the opportunity of ob serving some of the distinguishing features in the young Australian character from an athletic point of view. A few of them returning to their vessel after the customary survey of Wiili&mstovn; and its surroundings, invariably • indulged in by new arrivals, came on two juvenile emulators of their renowned Austra lian countrymen in the cricket arena, clo.se to the Williams town Railway Pier. The one, who evinced Murdochian tendencies, essayed his best to cut and drive: while the other, with equal assiduity, delivered puny rouud arroers with all the Spofforthian style he was competent of. One of the passengers being of a sportive turn playfully offered to bet the youngsters a shilling that they could not bowl him out in six balls. The poor urchins were without the necessary mone tary equivalent to cover the wager, but an older countryman, jealously patriotic, dived . his hand into his trousers' pocket, and the necessary twentieth of a sovereign was soon planked. The " new chum'1 handled the willow, and the elder of the native pair the " leather." A break to the off, with a sudden curl to the .wicket, disposed of the Britisher's \- money. Determined not to be beaten, he renewed the wager, and was again defeated. This put him on his mettle, and, to curtail the story, these two representatives of Australian \- cricket repeated the dose so often thAt the pas ■ senger at length left the scene minus over a • • • sovereign. It is satisfactory to learn (says a Melbourne paper) that the managers of the English cricket . team have agreed to allow the committee of the V..2forth Pitzroy Cricket Ground 10 per cent, on 1 the proceeds of themAtch proposed to beplayed on the 28th and 30th March between the visitors and .18 juniors. The money will be • devoted to the improvement of the ground, which is held under trust from the Fitzroy Council. In view of the interest taken'in -junior cricket,.' the venture should prove a . decided monetary success. - :• ■ It is stated thatBonnor and Palmer intend to y settle down in Sydney and Brisbane respec tively. The latter cricketer will be a decided loss to the bowling strength of Victoria. ■* "What everyone says:— ' That the Queenslanders are going to lower • the Englishmen's colours. . That nobody believes it but the local players. .That the Selection Committee will have a lot <. of trouble to givo satisfaction in tlieir final \- - selection... ' . ; ■. That Gardiner ought tr> have a place in the _• . team. ■ . ; ^ That both Gympie and- Maryborough ex pect to top the Brisbancs score against the \- professional*. - That the Brisbane* tliink they won't have a j. ghost of a chance. That some players are vowing vengeance against the Selection Committee for the omis sioa of their names from the practising list. • ,That the wicket on which the' great match ■ will be played ought to be "receiving attention; j . . That the long grass in the Queen's Park j pught to ^ cut down. * " ' * . I Thiit the Q.N.B. Club will shortly ho noil est. That 'other .clubs will , bo strengthened thereby.' . • V' i '' ' 