FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1885 ================================= WE have received the Progress Report of the Irrigation Commissioners, which is in reality Mr. Deakin's report of Irrigation in the United State's. From it we learn that in Colorado, Utah, California, Arizona, New Mexico and Kansas there are no less than 2,500,000 acres irrigated by means of 12,000 miles of rough-and-ready made canals. In Victoria we have dropped into the State loafing system ; and water con- servation, or irrigation, is looked upon as a purely Government work. In America, republican principles have created a more independent spirit, and the result is that, with two exceptions, the enormous irrigation works of the West are carried out by private persons. Those amongst us who hold up their hands in horror at the very mention of anything in the shape of an innovation on their mill horse principles, say that irrigation cannot pay in Victoria until the rate of wages is reduced ; but Mr. Deakin exposes this fallacy in pointing out that in the States unskilled laborers get from 6s. to 8s. per day, while mechanics earn from 10s. to 16s. The rainfall is pretty much the same in Victoria and in Western America ; the soil in many respects is similar ; and in fact everything goes to show that if irrigation pays in the one country, it must be equally profitable in the other. In the States the works in the majority of cases appear to be carried out in a primitive manner. A rough weir, also answering as a bridge, is run across a creek or river, turning the water into canals, which in their turn feed the ditches or furrows used for irrigating. The latter are made to overflow by having small dams thrown across at intervals ; and in this manner the great majority of the districts are irrigated. Reservoirs are also made use of ; and in one instance 8,000,000,000 cubic feet of water are stored by the construction of a brick embankment 60 feet high and 300 feet long. In referring to the latter, Mr. Deakin observes that the War- ranga basin in Victoria, by the mere addition of an embankment at the lower end could be turned into a reser- voir sufficient to hold 3,600,000,000 cubic feet. By means of irrigation in the States referred to, wheat can be grown with a profit at 2s. 6d. per bushel, an acre of lucerne can be made to run 10 sheep, and fruit of every description can be produced ad libitum. Of course this is only a mere outline of the report ; but it tends to show the almost incredible results of a system which must force itself on the farmers of this colony at no distant date. =============================== " A strange and voracious bird says the " Geelong Advertiser, " is said to have made its appearance in Newtown lately. It attacks all birds detained in cages, which are allowed to hang under verandahs. A number of persons com- plain that during the past week or so many of their favorite feathered songsters have fallen victims to the stranger, canaries and parrots being attacked alike. It is said that the enemy on the wing is neither eagle nor hawk, but that it is a large sized bird, with a long beak. The birds destroyed in the cages have been found headless during both forenoon and afternoon, showing that the marauder is fearless in its visits. " The editor of the " Advertiser " ought to make himself acquainted with a little natural history before he again attempts a sensational bird paragraph. The " strange and vora- cious marauder " referred to is the well known butcher bird, whose habits are familiar to almost every lad in the colony. A man who had lately been working on the railway line near Tungamah was on Tuesday last found dead not far from his own hut (says the " Yarrawonga Mer- cury "). It is supposed that he had been drinking at a shanty on the works on the night previously. When found he had nothing on but his shirt, and the im- pression is that after going home he must have returned to the shanty, and became so intoxicated that he was unable to reach his home. He was known by the name of Darkey, and was about middle age. He was found by some of the men when going to their work. " Hugh Kalyptus " in the " Adelaide Observer " says : — Bushmen when they shuffle of this mortal coil are not, as a rule, honoured with any elaborate tomb- stone and inscription to mark their last resting place. Generally a piece of rough pine with a bit of raw hide for the name to go on does duty for a monument. " Many years ago, " said Raddle, " I was coming down from the Namoo, and hap- pened to stay at a bush hotel for the night. Now it happened that the day before my arrival a resident stockman had been laid to his last rest in the sand hill opposite the shanty. In the morning I was walking up and down in front of the hotel preparatory to making a start (the blackboy having gone for my horses,) when a man advanced, and after bidding me ' Good day ' asked me if I could do any printing. I answered with a smile, saying that I used to be pretty good at that sort of work when a boy. ' Well ' he replied, ' I want you to put a few words over poor Tom there. ' Certainly, ' I replied, I shall be most happy if you will only get me the materials. ' He went away and soon after came back with some lampblack and kerosene, in lieu of paint. ' And now, I said, after we had walked over to the grave, ' what was your friends name ? ' Tom, ' he said. ' Yes. I know it was Tom right enough, but what was his surname ? ' ' Oh, blow'd if I know ; that was all the name he went by up here. ' ' Well, what shall I say except Tom ? ' ' Oh, anything you like, ' he replied ; and then after thinking a bit, said, ' say he was a darned good sort. ' I did not say exactly what he asked me to, but I put the date of his death, and that he was re- gretted by at least one friend in the bush. ' Mr. Wm. Mackay has been gazetted a trustee of the Tallarook Cemetery in room of Mr. A. Laurie, who lately resigned the position. Nearly two years ago there died in this district a respected resident, who was assured in the Colonial Mutual office. Immediately after probate was granted, the sum assured was paid to the executors, and no more was thought of the matter. A couple of days ago, however, a communication was received from the office, intimating that the actuary calculated that a sum of £10 12s. was due from portion of bonus at time the assured had died. It is quite evident that this sum need not have been paid, the policy having terminated between bonus years, so that some of our assurance offices are managed on strictly conscientious principles. Mr. T. H. Moyle held his usual monthly stock sale at Guild's yards on Friday. The entries were not numerous, but the lots put up were disposed of at satis- factory figures. An examination of candidates for employment under the Public Service Board will be held in the Seymour State school to-day, commencing at half-past nine o'clock. Mounted rifle corps have been formed at Colac and Geelong ; and cadet com- panies at Chiltern, Beechworth, Taradale and Smythesdale State schools. The Railway Commissioners are adver- tising two hundred and eight vacancies for employes (sic) in different branches. Can- didates must apply in the usual way, after which an examination of those selected will be held. Household Furniture. — A large variety at E. O'Callaghan's at less than City prices. A very elaborate cedar bookcase, £5 10s. cash. Bedsteads, single and double, very cheap. [ADVT.] The residents of South Reedy Creek ought to be a happy community. In last issue of the ' Gazette, ' South Reedy Creek is proclaimed a township ; and of course such an important epoch in the local history must be followed by a great tidal wave of wealth and prosperity. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the committee of the Seymour Rifle Club was held at Perron's Hotel on Friday evening. Present : — Dr. Ray, and Messrs. Bishop, Gully, Tristan, Butler, Madigan and Buggy. Minutes having been read and confirmed, Mr. Tristan, treasurer, reported that there was a balance of L1 18s. 3d. in bank. Mr. Bishop then handed in £1 9s. 6d balance of account to date of general meeting and 15s. subscriptions were also paid in. An account of 12s. 6d. was paid to Mr. Gully, and treasurer was instructed to settle a disputed item with J. Sims, Messrs. Ray, Tristan and Bishop were appointed to wait on Messrs. Wallder and M'Lachlan with reference to new butts, and hon. sec. was instructed to arrange return matches with two out- side clubs. Following notices are from last issue of the " Gazette. " — New licenses. — H. Barron, 217a, Avenel ; C. Florentine, punt site Mitchell : Ah Chow, 3a, Tabilk ; Ah Lip, 3a, Tabilk. New lease. M. Kelly 106a. Murrindindi. Literature even in the publishing de- partment is a rather risky undertaking. A few days ago a general meeting of the Victorian Review Publishing Company was held at the office in Flinders-street, Melbourne, in order that the concern right be wound up. The new regulations for the Victorian Defence Force are published in last issue of the " Gazette. " — The uniforms are as follow. — Cavalry. — Blue tunic, blue pants and trousers with yellow stripe and forage cap with yellow band. Artil- lery — Same dress as Royal Artillery. Engineers. — Serge jacket red, with blue collar and yellow lace, cap and trousers as in Royal Engineers. Infantry. — Scarlet jacket ; Glengarry cap, black trousers with red stripe. Mounted rifles. — Drab jumper, pants and hat. Douglas B., W. Sladden is still hurling his soul maddening, heart rending " poetry " in the clenched teeth of a long suffering public ; but he had better be- ware. There is a limit even to the patience of the Australian reading com- munity ; and when the mask is thrown aside, bloody streaks will disfigure the fair face of the moon, and Douglas W. B. Sladen will be numbered amongst those who were. His latest infliction is entitled a '' Summer Christmas ; " and one of its brightest gems is a sketch of a kangaroo hunt, of which the following are fair specimens. " Seeming sleeping in the heat, A huge iguana 'neath his feet ; The insect world was everywhere, Flies and mosquitoes in the air, Tyrannical and trumpeting. " It will be observed that there is a reck- less disregard of metre throughout, while wild statements are hurled about with a lavishness sufficient to make the reader ask himself is he mad ! It is scarcely necessary to point out that there are no iguanas in Australia, while trumpeting and tyrannical flies are even beyond the wild fevered imagination of a man in the last stage of delirium tremens. Give it up Douglas. Give it up, or by the ghost of the mighty Horace a day of reckoning will come ; and the mighty shades of long departed giants will stalk forth from their hiding places to join in the universal slaughter. G. S. Ferguson, of Riverina writes as follows : — " After using a number of so called remedies which seemed to make her eyes worse instead of better, my wife was persuaded by our clergyman to try the Egyptian Eye Salve, two boxes of which I am thankful to say have com- pletely cured her after years of suffering. ================================== 