YOUNG MEN'S ' CHRISTIAN' ASSOCIA , TION.. O' " ? DEDICATORY SERVICE. A dedicatory service in connection with opening of the new building of the Y. M. C. A., comer of Pitt and Bathurst streets, was held on Sunday afternoon in the association hall, at which the Primate delivered an address on ." Christian Unity." The hull is not a very huge one, and its seating capacity was strained to the utmost. Among those present, in addition to those who took part in the service, were Mr. W. Foster (president of the association), the Revs. Chas. Bright, J. D. Langley, W. G. Marsh, Joseph White (of Dunedin), H. C. George (of Adelaide), and Principal Doctor Kinross, Messrs. M. H. Stephen, Q.C., R. E. A. Allan, - M'Clonn (president of the Melbourne Y. M. C. A.), D. Bectho, T. H. Maddock, W. Herbert, D. M'lNought, Alexander Walker (secretary of the Adelaide Y. M. C. A.), - Fleming, J. Robertson (of Auckland), Wm. Jones (secretary of the Brisbane Y. M. C. A.), - Summer (of Brisbane), and F. Ranson (of -Newcastle). The proceedings commenced with the singing of the hymn, " All people that on earth do dwell," in which the choir of 100 voices from various churches, conducted by Professor Clampett, did good service. Then followed a prayer by the Rev. J. H. Fletcher (president of the Wesleyan Conference), and the reading of a portion of Scripture by the Rev. James Jof foris, LL.D., of the Congregational Church, Pitt-street, after which the anthem, " God is a Spirit," was sung by a quartette. The PnntATn then rose to deliver an address on A' Christian Unity," based on Ephesians iv., verses 4-6 "There is one body and one Spirit, even as also ye were called in one hope of your calling ; one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all, who is over , all, and through all, and in all." ' ' This passage described the whole essence of Christian unity in terms which united all the glow of prophecy to the clearest precision of a creed. Taking his inspiration and guidance from this text, and with humble prayer to God that He would both teach him to know what he ought to do and give him grace and power to fulfil the same, he would say a few words that afternoon-tea st on Christian unity in itself, and next on the degree in which the members of the Young Men's Christian Association might work together to further that unity. And first he would speak on what he might" call the invisible and spiritual unity which bound all Christians together. St. Paul spoke first, as it appeared to him, in the text quoted, on the grounds of that unity One Spirit, one Lord and Father of us all." The apostle next spoke of the Lord's appointed means of calling men in the corporate life of the Church into the enjoyment of Christian unity-the one baptism. St. Paul then went on to describe these tempers which were at once. the conditions and the effects of Christian unity the no hope of our calling, the one faith," and, as was" understood from the, previous verse, " the one bond of peace," or charity. Now, what were the grounds of Christian unity F A communion with the one Spirit and participation with the one Lord, both bearing upon the sonship of the one God, who was our Father in lion ven. All who had communion with the one Spirit the Holy Spirit of God-and knowledge of the one Saviour, and rested by faith on the double grace of His atonement and sanctification, all who grow up as children by adoption of the one Father, and claimed- their sonship in Jesus Christ, all those rested upon the divine, imperishable, eternal' grounds of the Christian unity, in which, as St. Paul said in his epistle to the' Colossians, the individual life of every Christian is hid with Christ in God, and, as was taught in the text, the whole body of Christians have really one body and one Spirit, the one Lord, who is the one God and Father of us all. there, under all the division, under all the varieties of faith, was the ultimate eternal rock of Christian unity. Until the souls of men were separated from the one Spirit, until we ceased to acknowledge and rest upon the one Lord., until we had imagined that prayer which was the prayer of humanity, and yet especially the Christian's prayer, to "Our Father who art in heaven," we must all I have, thank God, in spite of our own folly, and, weakness, and son, we must all have the imperishable and eternal ground of unity the unity which depended not on man, but on God. The Apostle went on in this same passage to speak of the appointed means by which men of all ages have been brought into unity with the Lord-the one baptism in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Men might differ as to what the baptism signified, they ? might vary through all the vicissitudes of thought about it, but it was what it was as Christ himself ordained it, and there was hardly any sort of those who called themselves Christians who had not here obeyed the commandment of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by the one faith, professed at the one baptism, in the one Lord and Saviour brought men into this Christian unity and made them members of a visible Church of Christ, and so members one of another. But besides the Divine grounds of unity, and besides the appointed means of entering into the unity of God of which the Apostle spoke, there was something, of course, on the side of man. Man was no more instrument. God was a beginner and leader of all good works ; but man was, and must be, a fellow- worker with God. St. Paul spoke of those spirits and dispositions which in their germs were the conditions, and in their full perfection were the effects, of living in Christian unity, and first he spoke of the " one hope of our. calling." He spoke, of it in connection with the one Spirit, because the Holy Spirit was the giver of that eternal life of holiness and love in conformity to the image of Christ which was incapable of imperfection, or of being broken by death. And therefore the Apostle spoke of that which be longed, thank God,' to them all-the one hope of our calling" What was that calling? It was simply that perfection of conformity to the image of God up to which we must be continually growing. In spite of all that might seem dim and obscure, was noMhis one hope of our coming perfectly, clear? When wobtood face to face with death, that shadow beyond which - there was a glimpse of an unearthly light,, then surely the one great distinction between the Christian and him who knew not the Lord Jesus Christ was that sure and certain hope, the bone in a present Saviour, which went with us through all the trials that beset us, went with us through the shadow of death; and would be made perfect in the great day. There were many things which divided us on earth. But stand by a Christian's deathbed, it mattered not to what denomination he belonged, and there they would feel the power of that " one hope of our calling,'' which is founded, not our merits, but on the all-sufficient and universal merit of our Lord Jesus Christ. But St. Paul went on from the one, hope of our calling to speak of the one faith which laid hold on communion with God in the Lord Jesus Christ; and here, for the first time, we began to see that there were certain blemishes, certain defects in our Christian unity. The sight which the Christian Church presented nowadays was widely different to that which it presented in the apostolic days. Probably it would have been beyond the conception of any early Christian not gifted with apostolic inspiration. The Churches were separated in some respect by defects tiny confessed it with sorrow, with shame. But at the same time for not the defects obscure from their mind the enormous preponderance of that unity in therewith which, thank God, they still possessed. He had found, as a minister of Christ, that when he had been preaching, and preaching without the slightest reserve, on any of the great festivals of their Christian Church, on the ineitnintionatt Christmas, on the manifestation of our Lord Jesus Christ in word and power on the Epiphany, on the atonement on Good Friday, on the resurrection at Easter Day, on the ascension to the right hand of glory at the great Asoousion festival, on the gift of Pentecost, on WhitSunday, and then on the ultimate mysteries of the Godhead on Trinity Sunday, he could have preached the very same words with, securely an alteration in induction the, he had almost said ninety-nine hundredth 2, of all places devoted to Christian worship. And again, when they looked at the actual creed of Christendom so it was contained in that simple and venerable document which had grown up from an immemorial antiquity the Apostles' Creed they saw that on the great articles of faith, belief in the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, great masses of Christians in the East and West were still one, and where they differ and it was rather on that subsidiary article which dealt with the Church and the application of the creeds to the salvation of the Christian soul that they had to trace the borneo of those great divisions which had distracted Christianity. He was bold to my they too little esteemed the great importance of unity even in respect to the one faith, which, in spite of all our "follies, we Still possessed and for that po..bCs.sion they must offer up their profound and heartfelt thanks before the throne of God, who had overruled even their own follies and sins flora breaking up the majestic unity of the one faith. But they and not only of the .' one hope of our calling and the one faith, but of the one bond of peace charity. This brought him to the one thing which really marked their Christian unity-tile one thing against which every Christian bud to strive. The one thing wanted was not the ground of the unity in the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, or that they already possessed, and they could no more destroy that than they could destroy the homes of some great river in a glacier hundreds of feet above their heads whence the river came down from the eternal snows. Nor was it, again, the one hope of our calling which was wanted ; but what they did want was that bond of peace of Christian intercourse, of Christian mutual understanding, and of Christian love, from want of which beyond all other things, as for as he could see, they were playing into the hands of sin- and unbelief and delaying the victorious advance of His kingdom over all nations, and languages, and tongues. So far he had spoken of the inner spiritual unity. And now to (such a subject of great delicacy and of great difficulty. What should he say of the breaches of the external Our istiau unity in the Church of Christ !' He was not one of those who" over made light of these things. He thought they should recognise these breaches of unity no great disasters against which they had to strive, and with regard to which they had to pray that God in His own good time would heal them, and bring the great body of Christians together as worshippers of one Faith. Was it quite impossible in those critical days, when Christian faith was face to face with systems of thought that actually denied the very possibility of the knowledge of the existence of the living God; which actually taught us to believe that we were the creatures of three score years and ten, and they were to pass away, absorbed into who know not what, us if we never had been at all ; systems which denied or questioned even those fundamental laws of Christian morality which he had thought were the imperishable treasure, of Friday- <-uil¡wi_o_ was it impossible that those Christian bodies, which were separated by no irreconcilable differences, was it impossible that they should strive and pray for some comprehension, for something that might bring them back attain and make (them one body outwardly, as they ought to be, one in heart and spirit, They know that their religious differences bad partly arisen from varieties of Christian thought and feeling, unduly checked by an over-rigorous system of government, but also, he thought, from schismatic temper, whether' in those who went out or in those who remained, which if it could not have flint which it seemed to require, if it could not have precisely that form of worship and that form of action which it decreed the best was content actually to break up Christian unity and to form into separate bodies sure to become antagonistic, when by sinking at, least some differences the unify night have been maintained. It was not for him on that platform for shadow out, even in outline, any comprehensive scheme to restore the unity which had been lost, but he could not look at the chief of the Christian bodies hero-with perhaps one great exception without perceiving that in some cases those principles for the assertion of which they originally seceded had been now universally recognised, and that the division remained when the cause had passed away. It was enough for him that afternoon to suggest how greatly the experience, even of this young colony, had shown that these religious divisions were a gain to the unbeliever, a source of per- plexity to inquirers, and a deep sorrow to the Christians of all denominations. It was something at least if they learned to mourn, over these things, and if they resolved iii the very depth of their heart that, God helping them, they would never be of the number who made for division, but of those who made for peace? If in the meanwhile, he were asked what he would advise them to do, he would venture to say, "We are divided unhappily into various Christian churches ; let every church rejoice not in the failure, but in the well-being of' others." He had no idea that they would ever bring about a unity by ignoring the real point of the difference, or by meeting in a kind of beauty atmosphere of sentimentality, M about a solid ground on which to base their feet. While they were what they were, let oven' church have the courage of its own opinions and while they did so, was too much to ask that the various Christian churches should let one another alone ? He did not say that it was possible for a church to flourish and hit vital power without drawing men to itself, without in foot proselytising ; but he thought the various churches should seek their proselytes, not from one another, but from the enormous mass who' unhappily were outside of churches, and who had no conception of faith in Christ, or of a knowledge of spiritual life. It was not necessary to go it stone's throw to see how many there were who would not go to the church, and whom the church had to go out and see, who would impart a fresh influence, as it were, to the kingdom of the Master, and who should be offered simply and solely at the footstool of Christ. Thorn was one marvellous uniting power in common work, and surely there were many things in which they might all well under together. There was a crusade going on, thank God, against the gigantic evil of drunkenness, and the still more gigantic evil of impurity. Surely here all Christian churches might stand shoulder to shoulder as brothers and learn to know and love one another by helping each other in this common war, . Were they not called to a crusade against that nega- tive godliness, that spirit of self-indulgence, and that con- tenement in unbelief or suspension of opinion upon things which would no more wait than would life or death? On the platform of their recently instituted Christian Evidence Society no distinction was made as to Uto sections of the Christian Church to which the witnesses belonged. There was a large amount of common work to be done, and the more they did, whether through organisations of their own or through other and more independent organisations, the more they would learn to be drawn" together and conte to below the doctrine and person of our Lord Jesus Christ. It seemed to him that any minister of Christ would wish an organisation such as that of the Young Men's Christian Association God-speed, not only for the take of the common Christian work which would be met with within its walls, but because it might draw together more and more those who might otherwise be strangers to one another, time forwarding the cause of Christian unity. The young men would learn to know and esteem one another by consorting together as members of the association, and he confessed that it was with infinite pleasure he looked on the large gathering present in the ball to express their sympathy with the object the young men had in view, and he sincerely hoped that the association would contribute in some degree to the realisation of that thorough Christian unity for which as yet they could only hope and pray. At the conclusion of the Primate's address the hymn, "I gave my life for Thee," was sung by the choir and congregation, after which The Rev. Dr. STEEL, of Phillip-street Presbyterian Church, delivered a short address on " Clubs lion Work." His first word, he said, would be one of gratitude for the splendid building which the members of the Young Men's Christian Association of Sydney had erected, and which seemed to contain everything which the young men could want to enable them to carry on the good work which they had in hand. His second word would also be one of gratitude, for the work which the association had achieved in the past. He remembered the difficulties they had had to contend against the obstacles they had had to overcome, and the small beginning from which the present noble building had arisen. He could not but note the immense progress the association had made during the last seven years, especially since it had had the benefit of energy and zeal of Mr. Somerville, who had done as much and worked as Fund has anybody to secure the present successful results. He looked upon the association as a great means for forming character among the young men of Sydney. It was not a Church-hill an auxiliary thereto. One of their best statesmen had observed that we went through character to power, and it was as a means for forming character among the young men of Sydney that the association deserved their heartiest sympathy. It would, he hoped, drive the young men a help in overcoming temptation ; besides which, it would give than an arm and a work, which many of them locked. The association, therefore, had a noble work to perform, and he hoped it would succeed in its efforts. The work of the association was in harmony with the intellectual and physical wants of the young men. In the library they could get intellectual culture, in the gymnasium they could display their strength, and recreation would also Co provided for them. The association was also in harmony with the philanthropic movements of the day. Meetings of various kinds would be held in the building, and the young women would be invited to share in the entertainments that would be occasionally provided. At the rooms of the association a young man would be able to meet with friends of his own age,' who would be only too willing to assist him by their counsels and sympathy in an honourable and straightforward path. The assistance which young men should render to each other, in this way was often very great. The mere converse with one's neighbour frequently smoothed over difficulty, and enfeebled a young man to gather strength to overcome temptation, and in joining an association of this kind the young miss would therefore be enabled to improve themselves in every way. In conclusion, he related an anecdote of the friendship of two famous young men Ignatius Loyola and Francis Xavier's illustrative of the influence for good which a warning voice uttered in due season might have upon a friend. " What will a man profit," was the constant cry of Ignatius to his friend of hen carried away for the moment by his enthusiasm for the beautiful in art, "what will a man profit if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul '<" Pro vor was then offered up, a hymn, "Jesus shall reign wherever the sun," was sung ; a collection was made towards the building fund, the benediction was pronounced and the congregation was dismissed. 