Sports and Pastimes. Br. " Veiulx." Towhsville races appoar to have been a buoccss, but, as usual in these degenerate days, there were one or two inoidont* that tended to eomowhat mar tho proceedings. Tho Cladou Park Course was in good condition, and tho arrangements were wol) carried out by Mr. "W. Ackers, the secretary. Small fields wcro tho order of tho day, but still somo of tho races wcro clo.-c and interesting. Tho Maiden Plate was tbo first roco on tho card on the oponing, and, as X anticipated, it proved a good thing for Mr. Jolt's IdJo Girl, whilst California was second, ami Sweet Hawthorn third. Tho Hurdle lUco was eomowhat of n fi isoo, as such races often uro. Oscar, Tanvin, and Soldier Boy started. Tho latter rofufod to jump, ana Tar win camo down a cropper, severely Blinking his riior (Hondrick-). A young fellow named Burko caught Tarwin, ^mounted, and re»do after 0*oar, but pursuit •was hopelcs«, and Osoar won a blood Uess victory. Tho Townsvillu ('up was tho principal fiico of tho day, and ftvo starters turned out for it—namely. Potroucl, Medusa, CtraJeew, Sutton, tuid 2ftm*boU. Medusa hud a slight ndvantngo At tho start, then oamo Potxonol ami Nowl»olt, with Careless and Sutton following. At tho turn Carehss went ahead, Pctronol playing a waiting game. At tho second turn Nowbolt camo up, challenged Cureless, and wrested tho loid from hiin. Sntton afterwards made a rush, passed Medusa, and went alougsido Nowbolt, but afterwards felt back. A grand raoo homo ensued. Ou entering (bo straight Pctronol, who hod l>eeu carefully nursed, modo a great spurt, closely attended by Medusa, and won by half a length, Careless being third. Time, 3 mins. 19 booh. The result fully justified my sekotion, as X plaood Potronol 1 and Medusa 2. «To«t*H pony is a wonderfully ginxl ono, and although ho looks small if well oxamuird ho will bo found to bo anything but a email mado animal. Ben Bolt oneo more provod liimsolf by scamper ing away with tho Merobant's Cup, whilst tho Patriot Plato was scoured by Major. Tho ddy's; racing -wound up with the Separation Handicap, for which five started. Klainore, My Love, Wetherondalo, Orestos, and Gold* finder. . Wetherondalo ran forward for some distance, but Goldfinder eventually won, beating Wotherondale by a abort length, with My Love third. If Elsi noro was in form I cannot account for tho poor show ho made in this race. The second days sport commenced with theBourko Handi cap, for which seven hones faced tho starter. Major repeated Ms victory of the previous day. Tho Culden Plate proved a regular sell for backers, and on paper it looked odds on Wetherondalo instead of 5 to 4 against. Bosey and Selector were bis only opponents, and Selector won, Bosey being second. No I wonder there was an inquiry into the running. Boacb, tho rider of Hoacy, was re primanded, and Munroo^ explained that Wetherondalo was very, stiff and sore. Tho horse limped after the race, and the explana tion was accepted. Tho account of the race says:—"Wetherondalo, although whipped at the last was nowhere." Now, if Wetheron dalo was "nowhere," why on earth was he wmppoa at tno last, wnen he had not the ghost of a chance ? If the horse was - stiff and sore, I should have thought that Munroe, who is suppceod to know his business, would have eased the horse up instead of " whipping at the hist," The ways of jockoya, as welL as ordinary mortals, are indeed occasionally wonderful. The Town Plate produced a good race. I certainly thought Jost meant the double with Petronel and Elsi nore, and it looks as though be had gone for it. At the first turn Goldfinch took the lead for a motnt nt, Medusa being third. Id'o Girl took her jockey on an excursion amongst the timber at tho back of the course. Cureless | then took the lead, Goldfinch running between i Sutton and Medusa. Sutton increased the ] pace, and appeared to be a good third. Gold finch made an effort without avail, Elsinore leadiog tho bunch, Sutton making his colours attractive by travelling through the mob. Entering the straight, Elsinore appeared fourth, andjrunning up, almost caught Careless. Sutton heat all his horses, and passed Elsinore, but Careless won a length from Sutton, who had little enough to spare from Elsinore. All the field were well up. Time: 2 mins. 151 sees. Herod won the Ladies* Bracelet for Mrs. Davidson, Nimrod being second and Soldier Boy three. Ben Bolt beat Goldfinch by a short neck for the Pnb beans' Purse, but I hear from one who knows and saw the race that it was a much easier win than it looked. Sutton again beat Elsinore in tho Consolation Stakes, so that the running in tho Town Plate was pretty correct, and Care less winning it makes Petronors performance look quite brilliant. The settling over the races took place at the Albion Hotel last Satur day night, when the amount of stakes paid away was £1,379 17s. Mr. Jost took the prin cipal share of tho cake, with £316 to his credit. There was a largo attendance at the Too woomba Amateur iurf Club races held on the 14th instant, during the Exhibition week. Seven , races were down on the card, commencing with the Hurdle Bace, which was won some what easily by Archer. The Clifford Plato went to Bory O'Moore, with Kildare second, and the Don third. The Amateur Tnrf Club Plato produced a good race. Sailor beating Ace of Hearts by a neck, with Elastio next. The Don turned the tables on Bory O'Moore in tbo'Bracelet, which ho won by half-a-length from Special Train. Response beat Vestal by a neck for the Novel Race. Waterford took the Open Handicap, and Kil dare the Consolation Stakes. I hear that " Tattersalla" are going to give a couple of race meetings this season instead of one. I hope that such is the case. The members of Tattorsalls are good sportsmen as a rule, are not afraid of planking down their money. Tho prize list will probably be in advance of that for the Q. T. C. spring meet ing. Rivalry is beneficial, and there is plenty ; of soope for both tho Q. T. C. aud TattersalL*. Mr. Phillips, tho popular landlord of the "Met.," will givo a hundred guinea trophy at the M. T. meotiog. This is a good example to sot, and I hope others will follow it. I have to acknowledge the receipt of Oxen ham's " Monthly Turf Register" for August. This is an exceedingly handy little book, and is I indispensable) to sportsmen. It is one of the best eompiltd records of sport that I have seen j lately. "Augur" writes:—"Last week I paid a visit to tbo Caulfield course, just to sco how the improvements were progressing. The shilling stand to the left of tho principal enclosure is beingrapidiyprocccded with, and so is tho addi tion to tbo grand Btond. Tho new j>ortion of tho steeplechase course is now so well set that it bus been determined to run the Grand National upon it next Saturday. Tho fences in front of tho stand consist of a post-and- ; rail, paling, and log, tho latter a vory substan tial obstacle. Mr. {fiirrio Sin'th represented tho stewards, ami ho and Mr. Martin LoughUn, who also was present, made a few suggestions n3 to tho positions of othor fence*, which will probably be agreed to. Next year, if Mr. Bond's proposition to carry tho course proper out to tho fenco is acted upon, tho back stretch of the V. A.T.C. will bo something different to what it is now. - Aiuotig other additions in tho grand-stand enclosure, I noticed a now bar for tho oonvomenoo of the members of tho olub, who will doubtless appreciate this attention on tbo part of tho oommittoe. Wliilo on tho ground I-had a ohat with two or tlnoa of tho trainers, and they seemod to think that if some of the scrub was out away nt tbo back portion of tho course, they would havo better ground to work upon The lute ruins have made tho various tracks vory sloppy, but I'm sure Mr. Bond and tho ranger will do all in thoir power to meet tho requirement* of trainers." ThoEngltshsorting writer, "Rapier," says: —"Tho lamented death of Captain H. I Coventry removes ono of tho most brilliant of amateur horsemen. Just twenty years hare passed ninco ho won tho Grand National on Aloibiado in a fiold of twonty-threo starters. The suooosa waa entirely due to tho ridor's admirable judgment, and the victory over Hall Court—also brilliantly ridden—Btt the bob! on Captain Coventry's fame. Two years after wards he won the Grand National Hunt Steeplechase at Bedford on Mr. Chaplain's Emperor IH. There were not a few admirable amateurs at the time, hat none better than Captain Coventry. It must have been this example that inspired his younger brother, Mr. Arthur Coventry to tako to the saddle.- Cap tain Coventry's red and blue sleeved jacket was to tho last occasionally seen on the race course He always had a few horses in train- I ing under Tom Cannon's charge. Portnellan, tho best of those ho owned at the time of his ; death, was a very smart two-year-old last season, bat since the speedy Vjridis he has not had anything of exceptional merit. By many, 1B. Coventry,' as he was called by his friend?, will be sincerely xaouraed." Mr. Gordon's splendid stallion Dnrebio had no difficulty in winning first prize and cham pion at the show this w«ek. The Sydney Cup hero looks wonderfully well and in the pink of condition. He was a cheap purchase to Mr. Gordon, and will be a useful animal at the stud. Lord Lisgar took second honours, bat ho has not the muscle and power about him that Darchin possessed. Ihe blood horse3we«*e decidedly up to form, and there was a tot cla^-a show in this departroint. " Augur" writes " Australia ia to bo re presented in the list of nominations'for tho .Eclipse Stakes of 10,000 sovereigns, to be mn at the Sandown-pjrk meeting in 188S. By the last mail Mr. L. L. Smith forwarded to the proper authorities the entry of his yearling colt by Liberator from Pritcesa of Bras-la. In appearance this is a very promising youngster, and on the Bcorc of breeding there is nothing to be desired. His sire, I ibewter, Uby Irtish Kiig from the imported mare Moble, by ilonarque, Biro of the great Trench horse Gladiateur, "winner of the English Two Thousand Guineas, Derby, and St. Leger. The colt's dam, Princess of Prussia, is by South Australian from Cora, by Jersey from Queen of Trumps, who runs hack to famous old Whizgig, maternal ancestress of a long line of equine heroes and heroines, many ot whom have, during tho past season carried tho co'onrs of their owners to the front. I need mention only Coronet, Ring wood, Blink Bonny, and Tasman to show what a successful family it is. The colt nominated is a fair specimen of the Australian thoroughbred, and if he should happen to prove a clinker, his spirited owner will doubtless send him to England to measure j strides with the cracks of the old country. The ' race is to be run at the Sandown- park Summer I meeting of 1888, and the distance will be a I mile and a quarter." The mysterious July is thu3 referred to by t aBeacon" in the Otago Wilms*i —'"The Australian papers to hand report that July has already left NW Zealand, hut in this they are considerably in error, as July has not, up to the time of writing, departed from these shores. "Whether he will take part or not in the Melbourne Cup is, ftt present, a mystery, ! for while he has accepted for the >ew Zealand Cap, and been entered for the Gere Wine races, he has also accepted for the Melbourne Cup. Ah I happen to know that his ultimate destina tion is Queens Laud, where ho is to be located as a sire after his racing career is over^l should not be surprised to see him sent to Victoria to i | take part m the approaching Melbourne Cup; i still, in the face of his being entered for the 1 j Geialdine races, it would not be wise for any ! one to back him for the blue riband of the Aus tralian turf. The * commission * said- to hap been executed about him over the other side may have only been a speculative mood on the l part of some one who fancied he was going °VIn the Victorian belting market business bp not been altogether dull during the week. For tho V.K.O. Derby Newstead stdl holds the prido of place, hut ifonte Christo, rforden feldt, Dunlop, Thunderbolt, and Isonomy all havo their friends. Uralla has met with con siderable support thiB week at 10 to 1, and for the double, Derby and Cup, has been backed to win a good stake. Hurncane is now an established favourite for the CaulfieM Cap. The chief transaction in connection with the Melbourne Cup has been the working of a commission in favour of tbe New Zealander, Trent®, who has been backed to win about £20,000 at too to 2 and 100 to 3. Coronet is still best favourite for money, and St. John has met with more attention, 1.000 to So having been booked. July is still nibbled at. Rockbampton regatta was a decided success, and was wituosscd by a crowd of spectators. The junior sculls was won easily by W. I Poole, of the Central Queensland Bowing Club. Tho champion four-oared race proved an ea»v win for the Maryborough Rowing Club "(Alma)—F. W. Barrymore, H SI-Crcad:e, D. Bartholomew, D. M'Taggart (stroke), and they spreadeaglod all tho others. The Rockhtunpton Club won the junior fours, and tho Maryborough Rowing Club won the senior pairs. W. Poole won the senior sculls and the Central Queensland Club the maiden fours. H. S.lva, of tho R.R.C., was success ful in the champion sculls Central Queensland B.C. won the senior fcur fours and tho junior doublo sculls. ... , _ The Bicycle Sports, to be held at Toowong early next month, are likely to prove a big success. Several southern riders of note will enter for the principal contests, and there should be some close racing and fast times made. A good programme has been got out, and the committee are sparing no effort to make the affair a success. The result of the Five Miles Amateur Cham- pionship of England has just reached us, giving Webber, of the Vectis B.C , as the winner. In Webber a flyer of the first rank has come to light and one upon whom the cloak of Cortis is expected to fall. His performances during theseason have been excellent, and in one event he easily disposed of Illston, who was defeated for the one-mile championship by just one foot. For the five miles Webber won his heat with ease, and in the final he matched against Laing, R. Chambers, W. F. Ball, and R. Milthorpe, who. with the exception of Milthorpe (fastest loser) were heat winners. The positions were Laing inside, Webber centre, Chambers outside, and Milthorpe and Ball on the second line. Webber went at once to the front, Laing falling in next, Chambers third, Ball fourth and Milthorpe last. Then came what, perhaps (says "Wheeling"), has been the finest display of wheeling the Northerners ever saw, and, for the matter of that, such as has been but rarely equalled anywhere. The whole five miles was a race pure and simple from post to tape, the men having to do all they knew. Bending over, Webber, with the pluck of a bulldog, went with the sole idea of getting to the finish first. Right through the pace was such, and the last two laps were such, that, strange to say, the starting order was not only main tained, but the finish was in like order. All. had quite enough to do to be with Webber yet alone to go to the front. Entering the last lap Webber was riding at a very fast pace, and at all points held his own, eventually coming in a winner amidst the wildest enthusiasm of 10,000 spectators. Laing was second, four yards behind; Chambers, two yards behind Laing, third, Ball, half-a-dozen yards off, fourth. Time, 1 mile, 2 mins. 51 sees.; 2 miles, 5 mins. 45 1/5 secs.; 3 miles. 8 mins. 41 2/5 secs.: 4 miles 11 mins. 36 4/5 secs.; 5 miles, 14 mins. 22 2/5 secs. Thing's -worth knowing.— That .Newstead is.reporled to be owned by a couple o! well-known bookmakers. , . - That Durebin wa3 the best'horio at.. the Brisbane Ehow. ... That the judges of horses gave some eratio decisions. That the If .S.W. football team had a hearty welcome to Queensland. . That thry visited the "Academy, and also interviewed " Wilder O'Brien." That they tossed up as to which was the hat show, as they couid not decide otherwise. That "'Atry" m-de a dead set at " Masher " Coltmin the other night. That the immortal "George" fled prc ciptately out of the Hall, and was not visible for the remainder of the evening. That its not the "Remenyi Rye" that is to be played at the Town Hall fo-night. That Bemenyi the celebrated violinist has no connection with "Wilson Barrett, bnt is ender the wing of ftignold and Allison. That the Bristol has been crowded this week. That fomebody wanted to pass into the circle with a tram ticket, bat " Billy " did not see it. That "Harry," with his accustomed good nature, gave a free entertainment to soma eminent literatures on 8a tor day night last. That the TJ.A.C. if going to pat a paling fence half ronnd their ground in view of the forthcoming bicycle contests. That those who want to fee without paying had better keep away this time. That the drought is playing the d—1 with the newly top-dressed cricket crease at Too wong. 