'Shows and Pageants." , A LECTURE BY MK 0. A. SALA. ??? ; (From-a Lady -corresjiondent;)?? (Concluded'from Hurt imtc.) A. P. ?-??'?After.eight minutes' interval Mr Salo connncncod the second partoflns lecture by describing the fnne'ral of tho ! Dnke of ?Wellington,"-who was called to his rest in ? 1852; This great man, who was gathered ? to his fathers >nt the ago of eighty-four. , ' wns ono of tlie 'simplest minded of heroes ; . but Ihu nation decreed that ho should bo interrod with tho' grandest funereal honours. Tbo ceromony was delayed for many 'months, in ordor that tho requisite 1 preparationa could bo nindn. Ho' was'buried in St. Paul's, in tho crypt Uu- eido Nelson, another of England's heroes' nnd glories. It was'nil inexpressibly grand. First I there was tho lying in state 1 at tbo Cliolsrn Hospital, where at the foot of tha coffin wero placed all tho dead man's batons nnd decorntions. Decorations of Spain, liuesin,. Prussia, Austria, oven of Franco; there lay his Order of the Garter, and hie ducal coronet. Tho hnll was lined with guards, their arms' reversed, and in tho throng of'spec tators tho crowd and confusion wore so great tbnt moro than one life was lost. Then camo tho day of the funeral itself; evory regiment was represented, and overy variety of uniform. There walked tho Chelsea pens'oners in their scarlet gaberdines and medals won on many a field under the dead hero. They nuinlicrcd eighty-four, thus exactly cor responding to the number of years their hero had lived. All tho mourning coaches of all tho undertakers in London had been gathered together for the occasion. Tbero wero present the Lord Mayor, the Speaker and other great dignataries, tho Chaneollor, and tho Ministers. .As tho lecturer watched this procession, ho wuh reminded of tho funeral of Napoleon 1., who was conquered by tho Iron Duke. The immense funereal , cor, with its great wheels pf solid brass, was built from drawings by the students of the now School of Design. In every drama there is ai> element at tbo com. mon-place and giotesque, and in this a very embarassing circumstance nrose. No horses, no undertakers horses, could bo found strong enough to draw this huge caravan along. AVhat was to be dono? The Lord Chamberlnin could not Buy, the Master of tho Horso did not I know. A Mr Smith, a distiller, name t.o the rescue, he possessed a stud of the most powerful horses in London, and offered to lend them. 'Thus far all was well, thesosplendid animals when draped with blnck velvet and silver trimmings wonld present a fino appearance, and draw tho car splendidly, but a fresh difficulty aro6o, no undertaker could be found courageous enough to lead theeo fiery sieeds ; then Mr Smith lont the men, who had b("?n accustomed to mauago them. These men were giants, on an average six foot two or three inches high. They could lend tho horses, hut thoir clothes would scarcely grace the pageant. So forthwith nn army of tailors was set to work to furnish mortuary garmonts for theeo mighty men. Gloves (size about fourteen and half), boots, and hsts, were also required on n colo?sal scale, but yheh tho' pro. parations wero complete they looked well in them. Tho funeral was the saddest, and most moving he had ovor witnessed. On the way in various places bands wore stationed, which gavo forth the touch ing ruu?ic of the Dead March with muffled drums. Saddest sight of all, Uetiind £ho funeral car, led by a groom in deep inourhjn'g,' came tho dead man's horse, the boofc of th,e rider rey'ereod. The intelligent animal seemed to know nnd feel thy grief and gloom around him. Tho procession entered the Cnthedral by the Western Portal, lined with reverends, and tho body was met by tho Dean, and after tho short and beautiful burial ser pigo waa buried in peacp. Since the death of Wellington a total change had taken place in the uniionns of the army and aleo in their weopont) and arms. All is nltero'l except the British Soldier \ himeelf—he is the eamo oa whon ho | fought ftt Malplaquot and Blenhoim under Marlborough or at Waterloo and Talavera under Welliugton. Wo must now glide over a few yearsj find bore the lecturer allnded to the exhibition of 1862, daviaed by the Prince Consort and a band of caltnred men he had gathered round him. By this timo (he Daily leleqrapk had sprung np and Mr Snla was the special correspondent, sometimes at home and sometimes abroad. He was then living in a queer old house, six hundred years old, called Upton Court, in Bucks. It had a great ancestral hall with a music gallery, and of course a ghost. Every Friday evening tho white lady need to walk with her head undor her arm, for the servants had all distinctly seen her. There were rats too, though what they found to eat was a mystery, however they made cheerful noisos as if tbey wore well fed ; perhaps they lived on one another—as men do. At this time Mr Sala was working vory hard, often for ten hours a day, and on a certain Sabbath intended to tnke a holiday. A journaliefc seldom enjoys the Sabbath rest, and only when the public ct-aee to demand their newspaper on Monday morning will the journalist cease to break the Lord's day. On this Sunday he had made arrangements to spend tho day with a confrere, bnt their holiday depended on a mournful contingency; the Prince Consort was lying grievously ill at Windsor castle, and it depended , on bis recovery or the sad reverse, whether they should enjoy the proposed recreation. Mr Sala rose very early, and ns soon as it was light, looked over to Windsor Castle, and from the keep bo saw the standard floating, half mast higb. Of course tben he had to speed away to London and pay his tribute to the memory of this wise, beneficent, end well beloved prince. The lecturer also attended the funeral and here gavo a vivid description of it. Of all similar ceremonies he had ever witnessed, it was the most touching. The prioca was in terred in tho chapel of St. George with the simplicity befitting an ordinary 1 cchntry gentleman. The chapel was hung with black , , and a carpeting like a black river wound round tho sides of the white msrble floor. The stalls of the Garter were filled with the knights in simple black withont any decorations. The reporters wero placed in tho gallery of , the organ loft from whence they had a fine view. Throughout the ceremony all pomp was dispensed with, even the pall covering the coffin was of plain black. The remains however were to remain there but a short time, for they wore after removed to the mansnloum built by the widowed queen at Frog auore. Mr, Sala had onoe seen some dissolving views—not the ' ordinary panorama, whero one picture is shifted on to make way for the next, but where one picture seemed.to melt invisibly into another. For instance, you might be looking at a view of Siberia in winter, and slowly the snow would begin to melt and crumble, tho steely blue of the frosty atmospheio to brighten into more tropical tints, and gradually would grow upon tho sight n view of tho Bay of Naples. Or you might be looking at a scene in, sny, Kentucky, full of dark Rembrandt shadows, which by degrees would yield to tho gorgeous hues of, some Eastern palace. So, looking back through pnst years to this sad scene in St. George's Chapel, viewing the coffin slowly sinking down, down, and the gloom, darkness, almost terror, on nil aides, the view began to dissolve. It was the same Go'-hic edifice, bnt not the samo procession ; the costumes are widely different; all was light and hap piness and joy, A crimeon river ran round tho white marblo floor, in place of the black ono ; nil tho ladies of England wore there, and dandies too in the gaye?t of costumes. The stalls of the Gartor wero filled with the Knights, not in simple black, hut radiant in robee and decorations. There is a bride groom, too, the Prince of Wales, dressod with tho robes of tho Garter over the costume of a general of the army. The brjde is most beautiful in robes, of bine velvet, and what is more she looks both kind and good. Near by are the Princes of tho blood royal and the ladies of the Court; and when tho " WeddiDg March" poals forth, it is o pageant good to look upon after tho last. Thatecene melted, and the next was a sad ono ; it was a chapol still, but thorn were no stalls, no grained roof; it was at Chisle hurtt, in tho Roman Catholic Chapel of St. Mary's ; there was a vast assem blage of mourners, each woaring for decoration a single violet. All was hushod os through the open door sweeps the funeral cortogo of him, the once Emperor of the French. The chief monrnor was a little lad with pale face and eyes rod with weeping, wearing the brood rod ribbon of iho cross of the Lrgion of Hononr. This fapora} of Niipoleoa HI W ns an inexpros?ibly melancholy spectacle, but in a few years one more mournful followed. Into the samo chapel, a rnoro illustrious deceased was borno ouo Spring morning, by tho Cndots of tho Woolwich Academy. The coffin was hoaped high with fragrant flowers ; there were present the Princes of Uoyal family in full uniform, nhd out side a volley of musketry was fired by more Cadets, tho comrades of the dead man or rather boy. Thus was buried tho gallant, hapless, accomplished 1 nnco Imperial, slain in a savage land, by grossest treachery, fighting our battles. Wβ should never forget, what &vef;' civ- opjuion or ariticinm of this hap less race, that one of them, a lad, laid down his life in the cause of England. But na must not imagine from theae gloqmy pictures that Mr Sala enent hi I life in attending fnnerals ; iv bis duty as special correspondent he witnessed many cheorlul scenes. He had been present at the mnrriages of the Duke of Connaught and Prince Leopold. Ho had also hcon abroad in Spain, and pro ceeded to recount some of his adven tures there. Spain was a remarkable country for many reasons, one of whioh was that one could seldom get anything to eat thore. Tho chief articles of diet were tobacco, chocolate and cold water. The lecturer proceeded thither to report on the rovolntion, hut finding that it bad in a measure subsided, was travelling sooth when stopped by floods. ? hey were all stranded in Don Quixote's country, and underwent a fourteen hours' fast; while in o hovel on tho verge of -jtarra tion, having bought up and eaten all the chocolate procurable, a train arrived with passengers from the South, who had boen fortunate enough to get plenty to eat in tho town they had left. Amoug them the lecturer recognised a French commercial traveller with a large loaf of bread, in his arms. Mr. Salt approached him gently, spoke him kindly, and asked him to sell him the half of his loaf. He refused in godless terms, then Mr Sala took stock of him, and then was not ashamed to say that he took tbe loaf from him, dnd ran. Ho ran only to a convenient distance where he divided the loaf, and returned, giving the traveller half— not tiie larger half—back and also a five franc piece. He took the half which was not the larger half, also tho five franc piece, remarking that the English were the mo?t impolite and unmannerly nation under tho sun. Mr. "Ala saw the inauguration of Alphouso ; the popnlace were glad to see him back, and cheered, like tbe chivalrous people tli?y wero, as he passed through the streets on n great white charger which bo most elegantly bestrode. Mr Sala aud his colleague, the special cor respondent of the Times, were presented to Don Alphonso and allowed to follow in hia train to Saragossa. The caravan placed at their disposal was a large saloon railway carriage, splendidly fitted with satin, gilding, mirrors, and was —do not forget tbe wax-candles. It was very cold and the water was all frozen in tbe lavatories. At 10. 80 a. m. their consternation was great on receiving an invitation to breakfast with the King. They were in dress suits and their white ties though somewhat limp, might pass muster, but their faces were dirty with railway travelling, and there was no water to wash them. But 'Mr. Sala'a companion was equal to the occa sion; he deliberately took onu of the war candles from itsbrakcet nnd proceeded to rub his countenance with it. Mr. Sala watched him speechless, bnt in n short time he had succeeded in imparting to his faco a thin veneer of wax, and though not preEenting exactly the aspect of tbe Veiled Prophet of Khorasan, presented a fresh and cheerful aspect. As the case was desperate, Mr. Sola followed his example, and then they were prepared to encounter Royalty. While travelling from Barcelona to Madrid their train suddenly came to a standstill, a posse of red caps appeared over tbo embankment, and they became alive to the fact that the train had been captured by Carlists. The door of the carriage in which Mr. Sala was soiled oponed, nnd a ir,an with a sabre doraanded to know whohiB KingwaF. Mr. Sala re plied that his King was' Victoria, by the grace of God, Queeu of Great Britain and Ireland, etc., and that she was quite king enough for him. Tho man retired with a low. bow, und Mr. Sala found bin-self neither molested nor robbed, though the other passengers suffered in their pockets according to their degree. The first-class passengers were, I think, required to yield np a napoleon, five francs were wrung from all the second class travellers, while from all the third-class the Carlists took whatever they could get, a sous, stick of choco late, n rope of onions, or a cigar, That was tho last of tho lecturer's experiences with Carlists save one. Next day they fired into the train. It was pleasant to sit helpless in n railway carriage with the rails barricaded, and an enemy pop ping away from either side, especially pleasant when tbey aimed low. There was a great wealthy candlestick manu facturer in the carriage with Mr. Sala, and the number of candles and candle sticks he vowed to his own particular 6aint vyag (something prodigious. "Alas!" ho cried, with bis hands clasped, " That I should die so young, and I have not even ha. my break fast. However, holp arrived in the shape of a body of infantry, who cap tured tha Carlists, and hung sixteen of them to the telegraph posts. That was Mr Sola's final adyenture in Spain. Tho last show to which he introduced his audience was the funeral of Lord Beaconssfield, 'That gentleman had risen, despite scorn and derision, by his genius and patriotism until he had be come a knight of the Garter, and premier of England. We all knew his achievements, how he foil from office, nnd how ho died. This was the olosiug scene at Hugbendeii, Hnghenden was not a palatial structure but the residence of an English country: gentleman. It Wns furnished in exquisito taste, but there was nothing overpoweringly stately and grand. Though death abode there, all ghastliness was banishod from tho mansion, savo in one room where tho coffin lay. All was pleasant, almost chuerful. On tho mnrblo terrace overlooking tho bsautifal Itali&n; gai'deu was a notable gathering. All his colloogucs, party, aud friends, his rivals—not his enemies for he hnd none left—were there ; the Senate, tho Bar, tho Studio all wore represented After a light and elegant repast, very different to the most of ghastly funeral feasts, the procession passed on foot to the Church yard, the simple coffin heaped high with flowers being wheeled through an English Country lane to its lust resting place. Over the hedges on either Ride the squirearchy of the neigh bourhood who lud driven there in their carriages, nnd the peasantry who'had found in the dead man a just landlord and a kind friend, watched the funornl procession. By means of an ingeniously devised inclined plane the coffin was gently, almost imperceptibly lowered to its place without the ghnntly, and un seemly accompaniment of ropes and shovels. All through it might be des cribed as a cheerful funeral. Throughout Mr Sala was listened to with rapt attention, aid frequently ap plauded most hpartily. 1 know and regret that T have not done anything like justice to his eloquence, lint I Have just told you in the best way, I could all I could remember of what he said. 