TEE MASTER OF TIIE CERE MONIES BY G. M.4NVII,I,H FHXN. Author of ' Tiie Roskry Folk." " The Pah- son o' D err ford," > Hard to Win," "Eli's CntLDREx," " Tin: Vicar's I'eoi'lb," " Dirrcir the Diver," &c.; Chatter VH. — After the Storm. The ' ghastly serenade " it was called at Saitinville as the facts became known. That night Richard Liniicil was standing with his teeth set, his throat dry, and a feeling of despair making his heart seem to sink, watching the white band that was waved as soon as the sash was opened. Half blind with Uic blood that seemed to rush to his eyes, ho glaretl at the window. Xhuu a sudden re vulsion of feeling eamc over him as a familial voice that was not Clairp's. cried, "Help! — a doctor !" and then the speaker seemed to staggci away. Tho rest was to Richard LimicH like soma dream of horror, regarding which lie recalled the next morning that ho had thundered at the door, thnt he had helped to carry Claire to liei rooms, and lhat he had afterwards been oue of ths group who stood waiting in the diuingroom until tho doctor came down to announce thai Miss Dcnvillc was better — that Lady Teigne was quito dead. Then they had stolen ont on tiptoe, nnd in the stillness of tho early morning shaken bauds ull round and separated, the major re maining with them, and walking with Colonel Mellcrsh and Richard Liuuell to their door. " What a horror !" he snid, hoarsely.' "I would not for tho world have taken yon two thero had I known. Good niglit — good morning, I should say and he, too', said those words — perhaps originated tho saying — ' ' What a ghastly scrcundo?" Nine days — they could spare no more in Siil- tinviUe, for it would have spoiled the season- nine days' wonder, and then the news that 11 certain royal person was coming down,' news blown by the trumpet, of famo with lier attendants, raised np blast, enough in sweep away tlio memory of the iiorror on the Parade. " Sho was 80 if sho was a day," said Sir Matthew Bray, " and it was quite tiiuo the oid wretch did die." " Nico way of sponking of a lady whoso rela tive yon nro seeking to be," snid Sir Harry Payne. " Sweet old nymph. How do yon make it fit, Matt ?" "Fit? Somo scoundrel of a London tramp scaled the balcony, they say. Fino plunder, the rascal! All those diamonds." " Which she might liavo left her sister, ami then perhaps they would come to yon, Matt. " " Don't talk stuff." "Stuff? Why yon aro besieging the sister. Bnt, I say, I havo my own theory about that murder." , "Eh, havo yon?" cried tho great dragoon, staring open mouthed. " Egad ! yes, Malt. It was not a contempt ible robbery." " Wasn't it ? Yon don't say so." "But I do," cried Sir Hurry, seriously. " Caso of serions jealousy on tho part of some lover of tho bewitching creature. Ho cnine i' the dead o' night aud smothered trie Dcsdc- mona with a pillow. What do you say. Rock- ley ?" Tho major had strolled across the mess room, and heard theso words. " Boh ! Don't ridicule Hie matter," lie said. Change the subject." " As you like, but tlio feeble flnmo only wanted a momentary touch of tho extinguisher and it was gone." At tho houso on the Parado there had been terrible anguish, nnd Clairo Dcnville suffered painfully as slio passed through tho ordeal of the examination that ensued. But everything was Very straightforward aud plain. There were tho marks of sumo one having climbod up tho piUnr- an easy enough task. Tho window opened without difficulty from -without, a pot or two lay overturned in the balcony, a chair in the drawingraom, evidently the work of some stranger, and u valuable suite of diamonds was gone. Tlio constablo arrested three ' men of the street tumbler and' wandering vagrant tvp-e, who were oxaminod, proved easily tlmt Hiey wer e elsewhere, mid after tho vote of condolence f.u our estcoaied fellow "townsman, Stuart Dan ville, Esq., which followed the inquost, - th&re; seemed notiiing moro to bo done lmt to bnry Lady Teigne, which- wai accordingly done, and the principal under taker cleared a hundred pounds' by the -grand funeral that took place, though it wits quite a year before Ludy Drcliucourt would pii y tlio wholo of his bill. So with Lady Teigno Iho iiorror was burit -d too, and in a fortnight tho event that at ot w time threatened to interfere with the slioip. keepers and lodging-letters' scuson was - f< ir- gotten. For tlmt space of time, too, the familiar fig nro of tho Master of the Ceremonies was not isoe" upon tho Parade. Miss Denvillo was very/ ill, it was said, and after tho funeral Isaac liiid to work hard at answering the door to recoivu iliu many cords that wcro left by fashionable people, till there was quito a lieap iu tho old cliina bowl that stood in the narrow lial!. But tho outside world knew nothing of H10 agonies of mind endured by tho two principal orcnpimts of that house — of tho nights of sleepless horror passed by Claire ns sho km -It and prayed for guidance, and of the hours dur ing whicli the Master of tlio' Ceremonies sat alone, staring hiaukly beforo him as if at sot no scene which he was ever witnessing, and wliii Hi seemed to wiUier him, mind and body, at a ua stroke. For that fortnight, savo at tho inquost, fath or and dangiiter had not met, but passed the it limo in their rooms. But tlio tiino was glidit ig on, and thoy had to meet — tho question occc ,r- ring to each — bow was it to bo ? " I mnst leave it to chance," thought t'lio Master of tho Ceremonies, with a shiver ; ti nil after a fierce struggle to master tho agony lie folt, lie know tlmt in future ho must lead t,i .vu .lives, and putting on his mask, ho ono morhb ig walked down to the breakfast room and took.1 lis accustomed place. Outwardly lie seemed perfectly calm, and, savo that, the lines about his temples nnd tho corners of his lips soemer deepor, he was Ir ttlu changed ; hut as he walked he was coanciou s of a tremulous feeling iu the knees, and' even when seated, that the curious palsied sens itioii went ou. On the previous night, Morton had crane in from a secret fishing excursion to find thr, house dark aud still, oud lie had stood wfith liis hands in his pockets hesitating as to whf d.her he should go and take a lesson in smoki rig with Isaac in tlio pantry, go down on. the beach, or go upstairs. He filially decided on tho latter conrso, and going up to tho top of the house on tip-too,- lis tapped softly at Claim's bedroom door. It was opened directly by. his sister, who Had evidently just risen, from an old diinity-covtsred easy chair. Sho was iu a long white dressing- gown. aud, seen by tho. light of tlio ono tallow caudle on, tho tabic, she looked so pole nud ghastly that the lad uttered au ejaculation and caught hold of her thin, cold hands. "Clairo ! — Sis!" They were the first warm words of sympar.ihy she bud hoard since that horrible night; and iu a moment tho icy horror upon her face broke up, her lips quivered, and, throwing her arms arouud her brother's neck, sho burst into such a passion of hysterical sobbing that, as ho held licr to his breast, he grew alarmed. Ho had stepped into the little white room where the flower screen stood out against the night sky, and as the door swung to lie had felt Claire sinking upon lier knees, and Imitat ing her action he had held her thero for some time till tho attitude grew irksome, mid then sank lower till he was seated ou lb.e carpet, holding his sister half-reclining across his hrcast." r ®b don t — don't, Claire, Sis," he whispered rem time to time, as he kissed the quivering lips. mid sfrovo in his boyish wny to soothe her. " Sis. dear, you'll give yourself such n jolly headache. Oh, I say, what's the good of cryiim like that?" I'nr answer she only clung the tighter, the pent-up agouy escaping in her tears, though sho kissed him passionately again and again, and ucstlcd to his hrcast, "loti'II make yourself ill, you know," he whispered. " I say, don't. Tbo dad's ill, and you'll upset him more." ®till she sobbed on and wept, tho outburst saving her from some more terrible incutal strain "I wanted to come and comfort yon," ho said. '< I did not know you'd go on like this." She could not tell him that he was comfort ing her ; that she had been tossed by n horri ble life storm that threatened to wrock her reason, and that when she had lain long ing for the sympathy of tho sister who now kept sway, saying it was too horrible to come there now, sho had found no life buoy to which to cling. And now her younger brother had come — the elder forbidden the house — and the intensity of the relief she felt was ex treme. " Here, I can't stand this," ho said at last, almost roughly. " I shall go down and send Deo for the doctor." Sho clung to liirn in an agony of dread lest lie should go, and hor sobs grew loss fre quent. " Come, that's hotter," ho said, and he went on in his rough boyish selfishness talking of his troubles and ignoring those of others, uncon sciously strengthening Claire, as be awakened her to a sense of the duties sho owed him, aud giving her mental force for the terrible meoting and struggle that was to come. For sho dared not think. Sho shrank from mentally arguing out those two questions of duty — to society aud to her father. Was sho to speak and tell all sho knew ? Was she to bo silent ? All she could do was to shrink within her- solf, and try to make everything pass out of her thoughts while sho was sinking into the icy chains of idiocy. But now, when she had been giving up com pletely, and at times gazing out to sea with horriblo thoughts assailing her, and suggestions like temptations to seek for oblivion as the only cscapo from tho ngony she suffered, the life- rnft had reached her bauds, and she clung to it with all the tenacity of one mentally drowning fast. There was something soothing in the very sound of her brother's rough voice speaking in n hoarse whisper; aud his selfish rcpinings over the petty discomforts he had suffered came like words of comfort aud rost. " It has been so jolly blank and miserable down stairs," ho weut on as ho held hor, aud involuntarily rocked himself to and fro. " Ike and Eliza have been always gossiping at tho back and sneaking ont to take dinner or tea or supper with somebody's servants so as to palaver about what's gone on here," A pause " There's been scarcely anything to eat. I've been half starved." " Oil, Morton, my poor boy !" Tlioso were the first words Clairo had uttered since the inquest, aud tliey were followed by a fresh burst of sobs, " Oh, come, come. Do leave off," ho cried pettishly. " I say it's all very well for tho old man to growl at me for fishing, but if I hadn't gone catching dabs and a little conger or two, I should havo been starved." She raised lier face and kissed him. Someone else was suffering, and her womun's instinct to help was beginning to work. " What do you think I did. Sis? Oh, you don t know. I'd been up to Tlurnott's to see May, hut the beggars hail sneaked off and gone to London, Just like Franky Sneorums and wax doll May. Pretty sort of a sistor to keep away when we're in trouble." " Oh, don't, my dear boy," whispered Clairo in a choking vnico. " Oh, yes, I shall. They're ashamed of me and of all of us. Just as if we could help tho oldwoninn being killed here." A horrible spasm ran through Clairo. "Don't jump like that, stupid," said Mor ton roughly. " You didn't kill her." "Hushl Hush!" "No, I shan't hush. li'U do you good to talk and hoar what people say, my pretty, old, darling, Sis. There, there, hush-a-bye, baby. Cuddle up cluso, aud let's comfort you. What's the matter now ?" Clairo hud struggled up, with hor hands upon his shoulders, and was gazing wildly into his eyes. "What — what do people say?" sho panted. "Be still, little goose — no; pretty little white pigeon," he said, more softly, as ho tried to draw her towards him. " What— do they 6av ?" sbo cried, in a hoarse whisper, and sho trembled violently. " Why, that it is a jolly good job tho old woman is dead, for sho was no uso to anyone." Claire groaned as she yielded onco more to his embrace. " Fisherman Dick says — I say, he i6 a closo old nut, there's no getting anything out -of him I — ho says ho don't see that people like old Ludy Teigno are uiiy use in the world." " Morton i" " Oh, it's all right. I'm only telling you what he said Ho says too tbut tho chap who did it, — I say don't kick out like that, Sis. Yes, 1 shall go on; I'm doing you good. Fisherman Dick and Mrs. Miggles, too, said that I ought to try and rouse you np, and I'm doing it. Vou'ro ever so much hotter already. Why your bands were like dabs when 1 camo up, and now they are nico aud wurm." Slie caressed liis cheek with them, and he kissed hor as she laid her head on his shoulder. " Dick Higgles said that tho diamonds would never do the chap any good who stole 'am." Once more that hysterical 6tart, but the hoy only clasped his sistor more tightly and went on. "Dick says bo never knew anyone prosper who robbed or murdered, or did anything wrong except those who smuggled. I say, Sis, I do feel sometimes as if I should go in for a bit of smuggling. There are some rare games going on." Clairo clung to him as if exhausted by her emotion. "Dick's been in for lots of it, I know, only he's too close to speak. I don't know what I should havo done if it hadn't been for them. I've taken the fish. I'vo caught up there, and Folly Higgles has cookod them and we've had regular Icods." " You havo been up there, Morton?" " Yes ; you needn't tell the old man. What was I to do ? I couldn't get anything to eat here. I nursed tlio little girl for Mrs. Miggles while she cooked, and Dick has laughed at me to see mo nurso the little thing, and said it was rum. But I don t miud ; she's a pretty little thing, and Dick bos taught her to call me uuclo." Ciuiteu VIII. — Tin; First Mramxa. It was the next morning that the Master of the Ceremonies mado bis effort, aud went down to the breakfast room, where he sat bv the table, playing with the newspaper that he dared not try to read, uttd waiting, wondering, in a dazed way whether his son or his daughter would come down to breakfast. 'lite paper fell from his hands, aud as he sat there ho caught ut the table, drawing the cloth aside uud holding it with a spas modic. clutch, as cue who was iu danger of fulliug. For there was tho creak of a stair the faint rustle of a dress, aud he know that tho time had come. lie tried to rise to his fret, hut his limbs re used their office, aud tho palmed trembling that had attacked him rose to his bands. Then he loosened his hold of the table, and sank buck in his chair, clingiug to the arms, and with his chin falling upon his breast. At that moment the door opened, aud Claire glided info the room. She took a couple of steps forward after closing the door, and then caught ut the back of a chair to support hcr.-elf. The agouy and horror in his child's face, as their eyes tnet, galvauiscd Donvillc into life, aud starting up, he took a stop forward, ex tending his trembling hands. "Claire — my child," ho cried iu a huskv voice. His hands dropped — his jaw fell, his eves seemed to be starting, as lie read the look of horror, loathing and shame in his daughter's face, aud for tho spaco of a full minute neither spoke. Then, as if moved to make another effort, ho started spasmodically forward. "Claire, my child — if you only know." But she shrank from him with the look of horror intensified. " Don't — don't tottch me," sho whispered in a harsh, dry voice. "Don't, pray don't." "But, Claire — " " I know," sho whispered, trembling vio lently. "It is our secret. I will not speak. Father— the- should kill me first ; but don't — dout. Father — father — you havo broken my heart." As she burst forth in a piteous wail in these words, tho terrible involuntary shrinking he had soon in her passed away. Tkestiff angularity that had seemed to pervade her was gone, and she sank upon Iter kn cs, holding by the back of the chair, and rested her brow upon tier hands, sobbing and drawing her breath painfully. lie stood there gazing down at here but for a time ho did not move. Then, taking a step forward, ho saw that she heard him and shrank again. " Clairo, my child, ho gasped once more, "if you only knew." " Hush t — for God's sake, hush I" she said in a whisper. " Can you not see ? It is our' se cret. You are my father. I am trying so hard. But dou't — don't — " " Don't touch you 1" ho cried, slowly,, as she loft hor sentence unspoken. "Well, bo it so," ho said with a piteous sigh, " I will not complain." " Let it be like somo horrible droam," she said, in the same low, painful whisper. " Lot me — let me go away." " No," ho cried, with a change coming over him, and lie drew himself up as if her words had given him a sudden strength. " You must stay. You havo duties hero, and I have mine. Clairo, you must stay, and it must ha to you — to me, liko some horrible dream. Some day you may learu the horrible temp tations that beset my path. Till then I accept my fate, for I dare not confide more even to you. Heavon help me in this horror, aud givo inc strength 1" l,o muttered to himself with closed eyes. " 1 dare uol die. I cannot — I will not die. I must wear 'the mask. Two lives to live, whan heretofore only one bus been so hard." Just then there was a quick step outside, and the tall figure of Morton Denviilo passed the window. Tho Master of the Ceremonies glanced nt Clairo, who started to her feet, and then thoir eyes met. "For his sake, Clairo," he whispored, "if not for mine." " For bissako — father," she answered, 6lowly and reverently; as if it were a prayer, and thou to herself " aud for yours — tho duty I owo you as your child." " And I," ho rantterod to himself, as he stood with a white hand resting upon tho table. " I mu6t hear it to tho end. I must woar my mask as of old, and wilt Thon give me pardon and the strength." Morton entered the room fresh and animated, and his eyes lit up as ho saw that it. was oc cupied. " That's better," he cried. " Morning, father," and ho clasped tho old man's band. "Good morning,' my dear boy," was the answer in trembling tones ; and then, with the ghost of a smile on tho wnn lips — " have you bee — " Morton had boistrously clasped Claire in his arms, and kissod her with effusion ; end as he saw the loving, wistful look in his child's face, as she passionately returned tho caress, one that he told himself would liovcr again bo bestowed on him, a pang siiot through the old man's hrcast, and the agouy seemed greator than he could hear. "So — so glad to seo you down again, iny dear, dear, dear, old Sis," cried Morton, with a kiss at almost every word. Theu, half hold ing Iter still, he turned to the pule, wistful face at the other side of the room and ex claimed : " Yes, sir. Don't he angry with me. I have been down again catching dabs," 