"VICTORIA RACING CLUB. AUTUMN MEETING. Etbst (St. Legee) Day. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) ] The Autumn Meeting of the V.R.C. \- commenced to-day, under somewhat un favorable circumstances so far as the ■weather was concerned. Rain fell almost . without intermission through the night, and up to about 10 o'clock in the morning heavy showers continued to come down at short intervals, so that it became doubtful whether the racing would not have to be postponed until another and a finer day. As the forenoon advanced, however, the sky began to clear up and things took a decided turn for the better. By 12 o'clock or so a still further improvement had . taken place, and a large number of per sons, who had been hesitating as to risking the chances of a wet ting, made up tlieir minds to take a run down to the course. But notwithstanding the improved aspect of affairs overhead, no doubt a great many persons who would otherwise have visited the races, were deterred from doing so by the fear of another downpour, and the attendance—ihat of the fair sex especially —was somewhat smaller than is usually the case on the St. Leger Day. His \- Excellency Sir H. B. Loch was present, together with his suite. Tha first item on the programme was the Essendon Stakes, and for this event six competitors took the field, the chief favorites being Malua and Commotion, the latter, although the less fancied of the two, proving an easy winner by nearly four lengths. The Ascot Talc Stakes, which came on next, brought out an even half-dozen of candidates, the prize falling to Uralla, a comparative outsider, after a very close finish i against Monte Christo, who had been made a hot favorite. Between this event and the next on the card came an interval of an hour and a quarter tor lun cheon, to which refection full justice was done by a large proportion of the visitors present. The next race on the list was the St. Legc-r Stakes, for which only four competitors put in an appearance, the fortunate winner being Mr J. Wilson, junior's very pretty colt. Silver King, who led almost from start to finish, and beat Sir G. Davis's David by about a length. An unusual degree of interest was ex cited by the ^Newmarket Handicap in consequence of the large number of horses which it bronght into the field, the whole of the 30 colored on the card going for the stakes. After a capital con test and a grand finish the victory was gained by Coronet, who was the first fa vorite in the betting at 5 to X. Middle march was a good second, and Sheet Anchor a fair third. For the Hopeful Stakes, the fifth event on the day's pro gramme, there was a very good contest between the two fillies Juanna and Girofla, the former proving the winner, but so far as the others were concerned the affair was rather a hollow one. The concluding event was the Brunswick Stakes, which fell to Grace Darling after a Tery pretty race. Subjoined are the results of the various events:— Esssxdox Stakes.—A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, h-ft., with 250 added. 200 sovs. and all the sweepstakes for the first horse, 30 for the second, and 20 for the third. * Weight for age. One mile and a half. Hon. W. Pearson's b h Commotion, 6yrs (Power) 1 J. O. Inglis' b h Malua, 5yrs (Robert son) ... 2 £•. Martin's b c Reginald, 3yrs ' (Bowes) ... 3 The following also started—Plausible, Off Color, and Metal. Betting: 5 to 4 against Malua, 6 to 4 against Commotion, 3 to 1 against Off Color, 4 to 1 against Reginald. Off Color got a slight advan tage at the start, bat Metal led past the stand, with Plausible next, Off Color coming third. Metal kept bis lead till past the turn, Off-Color falling hack, and Commotion going up. Very little change ensued until the trainins ground was reached, -when Malua, who had been lying last, made a grand but unsuccess ful effort. In the meantime, Commotion went to the front, and conld not be -canght, beating Malua by-three lengths and a half. Reginald an indifferent third. Time, 2min. 47sec. The Ascot "Vate Stakes, a sweeps tabes of 20 sovs each, £0 10s ft, with 050 added. 500 sots and all the sweep stakes for the first horse, 100 for the second, and 50 for the third. Por two years old. Colts, Sst 10st; fillies, Sst 7st. The winner of the Maribyrnong , Plate, or Xormanby Stake, to carry 71b extra ; if both these races, 101b extra; if any other race (not a handicap) of \- the value of 500 sovs, 51b extra; penalties not cumulative. (120 subs). Three quarters of a mile. Hon J- "White's h or br f TJralla (Ellis) 1 Hon J- "White's bl or g c Monte Christo (Hales) ... 2 A. R. Robertson's b c Dunlop (Morris) 3 The other starters were—Antonio, But tress and Lady Claudia. Betting : 5 to 4 on Monte Christo, 5 to 1 agst TJralla, G to 1 agst Dunlop and Lady Claudia. At the fall of the flag Antonio and TJralla got off upon nearly equal terms in the front, but Dunlop assumed the lead shortly afterwards, and cut out the running for a good part of the distance. On coming home. both TJralla and Monte Christo struggled hard for the place of honor, the -former securing it by half a length, Dunlop bring obliged to content himself with third place. Time, Imin 21isec. TVr Si. Legeb Stakes, a sweepstakes of 25 sots each, 3 ft with 375 added ; 300 sovs and all the sweepstakes for the first horse, 50 for the second, and 25 for the third. Por 3 years old—colts, Sst • . 101b,-fillies Sst 71b, 10S subs. One mile and three-quarters and 132 yards. J. "Wilson's junr. b c Silver King (Moore) ... 1 G. Davis' b c David (Power) ... 2 Mrs M- A. Brown's b c Mozart (Braith waiie) ... 3 J. w lute's n c xremantlo (Hales) ... 0 \- 2so others started. Betting—Even on Silver King, 5 to 2 against Mozart, 3 to 1 David, 10 to 1 Tremando. David and Silver King led almost side by side for the \- greater part of the distance, with the other pair lying about half a dozen lengths behind. This state of things having con tinned until near the sheds, when the four got into closer compass, and a good race ensued. The Silver King who was i then leading, managed to maintain hi3 , premier position, although not without a ] hard struggle, and beat David by a length with half a length between the latter and Mozart. Time, Smin 321sec. Kewiiakket Handicap, t. handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs each, 10 ft or 3 sov3 only if declared, with 200 added, lor 3yrs old and upwards. The se cond horse to receive 50 sovs and the third 20 sovs out of ihe stake. 103 subs. Three quarters ef a mile. D. M. Robertson's b h Coronet, 5st 71b (Cracknell) ... 1 A. Harvey's b h Middlemarch, 4yrs, Sst 41b (Flanagan) ... 2 R. G. Talbot's br h Sheet Anchor, Cst 71b (Williamson) ... 3 The following also started :—Welcome Jack, Garfield, Battalious, Sir Garnet, Blink Bonny, Prometheus, Conings'oy, Duenna, Topaz, The Ghost, Mistake, Amelia Victoria, Salvo, St. John, Alpha bet, "Velocipede, Mascotte, Town Moor, Lavington, Xantippe, Bohemian, Hanni bal, Surrey, \\\ estbury, Marie Louise. Leporello and Claudine. Betting : 5 to 1 agst Coronet, 7 to 1 Prometheus, S to 1 Sir Garnet, 10 to 1 Sheet Anchor, 12 to 1 Welcome Jack, Battalious and Salvo, 15 to 1 Middlemarch, Benorello and Bohemian, 20 to 1 others. Jlr Watson had a good deal of trouble in getting the lot away, but after three or four false starts most of the 30 competi tors went off on pretty even terms with a grand rush, Coronet having a slight ad vantage, Sir Garnet, Middlemarch, Lav ington, Mascotte, The Ghost and Sheet Anchor were also well to the fore. By the time the grand stand was attained, Coronet had got through all his hor3es, and could not be dislodged from his lead ing position, notwithstanding the gallant efforts of Middlemarch, who was only beaten by three-quarters of a length, with about the same distance between Middlemarch and Sheet Anchor. A grand finish. Time, linin 19isec. The Hopeful Stakes.—A sweepstakes of 5 sots, each, £1 15s ft,, with 175 added. 150 sovs. and all the sweep stakes for the first horse, and 25 for the second. For 2yrs old that have never won 50 sovs. of public money— colts. Sst lOlbs ; fillies, Sst 71b. Five furlongs. H. B. Tothill's b f Juanua (Hutckins) 1 A. Boyle's b f Girofla (Devany) M. Jacobs' b c Sunny Days (O'Brien) The other starters were—Abner,Match lock, Remus, Fernside, Manchester, Antonio, Wildrake, Warma, Mountain Lass, Meeschaum, and Brella. Betting 5 to 4 on Matchlock, 5 to 1 against Man chester. Fernside, Matchlock, and Meerschaum made the running at the start, but soon fell back. Juauna and Girofla going to the front, and having the contest all to themselves, tlie others all struggling far behind. Juanna finished a winner by a bare length, Sunny Days making a bad third. Time, lmin. 4ysec. Buttsswick Stakes.—A handicap sweep stakes of 5 sovs. each, £3 5s ft., with 325 added ; 250 and all the sweepstakes for the first horse, 50 for the second, and 25 for the third. For Syrs old and upwards. The winner of any handicap race, value 100 sovs. after the publica tion of the weights to carry 51b extra. One mile and a quarter. J. G. Reid's eh m Grace Darling, Syrs, 7st 41b (Ellis) ... 1 : J. Redfearu's ck m Madcap, 4yrs, S3t 91b (O'Brien) ... 2 G. Glasscock's ch h Distiller, aged, Cst (Johnson) ... 3 Sardius, Odd Trick, Little Sister, Ang lesey, Sirocco, Duration, Stationer, Happy Thought. Mentmore,Warfield also started. Stationer led most of the way, but Grace Darling came in the straight and beat Madcap by a length. Distiller wa3 third. Time, 2min. 12tsccs. 