DEDICATION OF A NEW. CONVENT AT , I " \ BURROWA. " [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) BURROWA, SUNDAY. The Archbishop of Sydney, accompanied by the Bishop of Goulburn, Dr. O'Haran, and Mr T. M Slattery, M L A ; arrived at Geelong yesterday, and were the guests of the Hon J A Ryan, M L C. The party drove In here from Geelong this morning, and were met outside the town by a large concourse of horsemen and vehicles. The ceremony of the dedication of the new convent was performed by the Bishop of Goulburn The building is two stories high, and is constructed of brick on a concrete foundation The front of the building is ornamented with a verandah and balcony, the latter being supported by neat cast iron columns and protected by handsome railings of the same material The ground floor contains four large rooms, a chapel, and a hall six feet wide The balcony is approached through a hall of the same size as below, and commands a fine view of the town and its surroundings The outbuildings contain all the latest improvements. The convent ground, which is 40 acres in extent, is the gift of the Hon. J. N. Ryan the buildings were elected from ] Uns Supplied by Messrs Gor don and Gordon, Albury, and the contract v. as faithfully carried out by Messrs. Bell and Briggs, the cost amounting to close on 2000 It is intended to erect a large school- room near the convent shortly At the conclusion of the dedication ceremony mass was colODratod Dr MORAN then delivered a short discourse, basing his remarks upon the words-" Glorious things are said of the City of God "-Psalm 46 He said they every day reported in the Apostles' Creed the solemn profession of their 11th I believe in the Holy Catholic Church." The Church of God was in truth endowed with sanctity as a heavenly gift from her Divine Founder Her children from ago to care should show forth the fruits of holiness in their lives, and as they were associated with the chorus of the angels around the altar of God, SO might they look forward with firm hope to be one day partakers with them in the eternal joys of the blessed. Ino Apostle spoke of the Church as the chosen spouse of Christ, and should they not say that sanctity was the golden robe of bor espousals. He thought, then, that Christ loved the Church and delivered Himself up for it, that He might sanctify it, cleansing it by the laver of water in the word of life, that He might present it to Himself a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish ' the Church this sanctified would continue till the end of time to be the depository of the sacred do trained revealed by their blessed Lord the treasury of the riches of God 's mercy and love, the overflowing fountain of the blessings of heaven He who was the Only begotten of the other, full of all grace and truth, had set the seal of Divine truth upon her lips and had promised to be with her all day to aid her in every combat and to guard her against every OBiuult 1 through his Divine gift the Holy Ghost abides in the Church, and her children of every tongue and every crime, from the rising to the setting sun, enjoyed the same blessed light which He brought from heaven upon earth, believed the same truths, were enriched with the same sacramental graces, governed by the same authority, guides and com- forted by the same power, and quickened by the same supernatural life which He purchased for them as the fruits of redemption It was little indeed to say that the sacraments of the Church were holy, but how portly they corresponded to all the wants of their poor fallen nature ' Baptism regenerated them into spiritual life, cleansed the soul from original sin, adorned it with the very comeliness of the angels As they advanced in years the sacrament of confirmation imparted to them strength to subdue their passions and to battle against the temptations of life. The sacrament of the altar made the poorest of their churches a very heaven upon earth, whilst to the faithful soul it was the life-giving food, the true manna, the living bread which came down from heaven the prophet announced to the Jewish people that by the presence of the Redeemer, the glory of the social tempo would infinitely exceed all the glittering splendour of the first Even BO the true, presence of their Saviour under the sacramental veils communicated to the poorest of their churches an Eunice tmrably higher degree of dignity and majesty and holiness than the proudest works of man could claim that possessed not this heavenly treasure the pillar of light which guided the Israelites to the land of promise was a cloud of darkness to their enemies, SO, too, tun Bactumont of the Redeemer's love gave light and life to the children of the Church, but it was a stumbling-block, a rock of scandal, to those who rejected for teaching. the sacrifice offered on their altars vines holy, year, the very source and centre of all holiness It was the true sacrifice of Calvary, which by God's wondering power was perpetuated amongst them. The supernatural fruitfulness of sanctity had at all times been a distinctive feature of the Catholic Church The trio was known by its fruits, and the fruits of j city and by virtue which had never ceased to adorn the Church revealed to them the ibidiugprcBoucooi the Divine Spirit of sanctity. The Spirit of God is was a spirit of truth, end with what rich abundance had the trials of wisdom combined with holiness been multiplied in the Church ' the Apologists, und I rather and Doctors succeeded each other in an unbroken line from St Clement, and bt Justin, and St Augustine, and St Gregory the Great, to St. Thomas of Aquin, and St Francis, De Sales, and St Alphonsus And it was precisely when heresies sought to corrupt the faith that these great men were raised up by God is bulwarks of divine truth The spirit of God was a spirit of virtue, and they saw that every heroic virtue from age to age had blossomed in the Church, and put forth the brightest flowers or perfection Even those who did not belong to the Church had not failed to admire the genius greatness thus displayed in the lives of the saints. The learned Protestant writer Leibnitz did not hesitate to say that the Catholic Church had every reason to point with pride to the heroic virtues of her saints in proof of her in t h birth as the Church of Christ Nor was this heroism of humanity a mere matter of the past in our own times, in every quarter of the globe, and in every walk of life, the Church continued to raise up saints worthy of the primitive days of Christianity It was true all were not saints, many were found within the Church who were Catholics only in name, whoBO lives discredited the holy faith which they professed Lho children of the Church were not deprived of their free will, for thus their merit was enhanced and their reward was multiplied At each stage of God's dealings with man it would seem as if she had bullied His merciful designs It was thus in the Garden of Eden. It was (due to when one of the obopon twelve betrayed his Divine Master But again God's ways were not a man's ways, and all the wickedness that endeavours to counteract His decrees must in the end be subservient to His glory 1 brough the betrayal of Judas the Saviour was cruenfloJ. but the cross became His the no, the throne of His profound wisdom, of His mercy and Hialovo The Church extended a special care, and show, ed a special love to the pt ur i be Saviour rumour d to the Apostles that the poor would be UIWUVH with them He even do clared that it was a. distinctive feature of Illa own divine unmentioned tim 1 either to instruct and to console the poor "1 vouchsafe prescribing must the And the poor were still found by the state of 61 nut in the Catholic Church, and she lavished on their her interest due on the of that club on portion of her inheritance time, in wonder for variety, also perpetuated the mission of her 1 under the spirit of God was a spirit of ml, of fortitude Obi 1st proclaimed that the muscles which he himself had wrought, the Mine and you more wondrous miracles would be by cr formed by those who believed in Him >o Pi testant Church had been advanced a claim to such miraculous power It was only to be met with in the Catholic Church be true it was that the spirit of start they, are proved by miracles, over lived in the Church, and that the abiding presence of the Holy Ghost was shown forth in the varied forms of holiness which had never ceased to adorn her But whilst they reflected that the Catholic Church was the fruitful mother of saints, might they not for a moment turn their thoughts to the fruitfulness in sanctity of which that Island of the West so dear to many of you had given abundant ports For centuries the Church of Ireland was honoured throughout Christendom is the secure refuge of learning, the sanctuary of pell, the beacon light of civilisation and religion was, the spirit of he lines was shown forth in its richest fruits among the children of Lrm Her countless tons within her christian emulated the austerities of the western distorts and spent their lives in the most fervent put ticeB ot pray. or find penance Her schools end in his tones were famed alike for learning and piety and the name of Ireland were every where levered us the land of sages end of saints The privileged sanctity of the apostles and missionaries of Christ was given by Many of the great chairing of the Continent continued to the present day to li mour IrixU points among their chief patrons, and it would be difficult to find a dog a is, not alone in Scotland and En - fund, but in France, Germany, and Rely unit, which had in it been described by the preaching and the virtues of Ireland's devoted sons And w ills what spiritual fruitfulness was the Binctityot the virgins of Christ bestowed on her From the days of St. Patrick to their own time innumer able bands of Ireland's devoted daughters had chosen as their portion the arduous path of per- feet! n, and had walked in the footsteps of the saints How abundantly had the mercy of heaven been extended to the Irish late He would not speak of the fruits of Irish piety in their own days at home, and in England, Scotland, the United States and elsewhere But had not the angel of Ireland sanctity air jelly begins to spread his wine over thuLinplio Cole Hy of the South ? It was only 50 y oars Sim of the first bishop landed on the efforts of this fair land He found only five priests in the whole of the Australian continent but they had I laboured with zeal and devotedness, cultivation the plant of divmufaith which had already been BOWl unnd the loins and nervous of the first colonists Already this hidden j hint had grown into a majestic tree, and though Btoruia had never ceased to rage around it, it had sore and its branches the behind the length and breadth of the tar el, A helding every fruit of blessedness to the children of Christ in UKJ 18 bishops and more things parents ministered to the wants of the faithful and they saw churches, conv outs schools, religious astuteness, and 6 llwssprcudiug around them on every side And when he looked to their own last town, with its church of St Patrick uni Ho convent where thoSisteiBof Morey, on starving in their devotedness, were gathered under the Thistle at St Bridget, the school's, (ho Total Abstinence Aunt chin in the in and the faithful people, it seemed to him as though some privileged town of the dear old Land of the West was by magic wand translated to this new world to be set as a brilliant gem in the crown of sanctity of Holy Church beneath the bright Southern Cross The Convent of Sisters of Mercy, which they don't intend that day, should henceforth be a source of untold blessedness to their important district. Their children would be trained by the devoted sisters in every practical and useful branch of secular knowledge ; whilst at the same time their hearts would be moulded to virtue tend their needs enriched with the salutary truths of divine faith, that they might daily take up their cross and follow in the foot steps of their blessed Lord. Truly happy were the children who were thus trained from infancy to love and serve their Creator. " Blessed is the people whose God is the Lord." And yet the great work of Christian education is only one of the manifold works of piety and mercy in which the pious sisters would spend their lives. Pho convent would be a sanctuary of religion, and the prayers of the community as fragrant incense from golden censors should ascend before the throne of God. They would see the sisters go forth at intervals from the convent walls ; but was it in pursuit of pleasure or the amusements and vanities of this world ? Oh, no, but to visit too sick, to comfort those that are in sorrow, to bring to the desolate homes the blessings of Christian piety and the consolations of religion. He trusted that by their generosity they would show that they rejoiced in having the devoted sisters among them, and that they would prove their resolve to strengthen their hands in their holy work. Thus they would be worthy of their fathers arid faithful to the traditions of their race. They would show that they cherished with fondest affection the priceless heirloom of the true faith handed down to those at the cost of so many sacrifices; and it would be their privilege, even here in the fairest continent beneath the Southern Cross, to reflect in some way the piety and generosity of the other land, which was so dear to them, and which was no less today than it was of old, the home of religion, the island of saints. The collection at the close of the service amounted to upwards of 300, including the following donations: 'the Hen J. N. Ryan, 50 guineas , Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, 50 guineas ; Dr. Moran, 20 guineas and Father Birtmugham, 20 guineas. 