MR M'MAHON AT MANLY. Mt M'Mabon additiEed tbe electors last night in tbe. Oddlcllows' Hall,' Manly, Sir Edward b'tiickiand presiding. Mr M'Mabon commenced by refining to tbe shortness ot tho approaching setaion of Parliament, tbe chief business of which would be to pasu tbo Estimates, of which it woulu b.- his mission, if elected, to see that Bt. Leonards gi t its fair share. His view, he eaid, on tbe Ecuoation Act were very soond. It wai doing good work, end he should be no party to disturb ing it. A bill to give tha people local eelf-goveru- out — a most important right— would meet with bis mott earnest auppoit, Tbe conservation of water wis a burning queation ot the day, and ontil they saved water from the htaven for pur pose of irrigation, and of supply ot towns and cities, tte oniony would never prosper perma nently. (Hear, hear.) His remarks testifying to hi warm appreciation of the dispatch by the Gov ernment or tbe Hood- a contingent, evoked loud applanse. The enthusUvm be said that was evoked on tbe day of their departure would bo repeated on the otcasion ef their return ; and their tsoops wonld bo received with the bigheat meaiura of public honour and general respoot, (Applause ) By that aot Mr Dollar had raised bimseif .o a fore- moit position in tbe laud, and was entitled to ail tbe praise bestowed upon him, because he had riistd thrir country from a colony to an Em pire, so to speak, (Ghosts ) And they oould not is their wildest dreams realise Ihe good whicn that aot had done for them. Io tbe matter of our debenture alone they might rest aisuted that when next they went to the English money mark.t oar securities would ba looked upon as the first eenritie in tbo world. (Hear, hear.) Referring to pressing eleotoral wants, he reminded them uf the faet that he had bsen on ot the fore most promoters of tbo building of a bridge from North Shore to tha city doting tha lart ten yean, That work wat generally admitted to be a ptersing need, and, if elected, be would asriduously advocate the connection of North Shore with Rydney by a high-level bridge, and, further, hii efforts would b direoted towards having a bridge thrown across Middle Harboar at say the Sptt, to that the people of Manly might have regular oommuniaation with the atty by a high road. (Load applause.) There was n plethora of money available at home at a low rate of in te real, and he wm positive were a million ef money borrowed now thot the bridge aeroia Sydney Harbour would be completed at the end ot two yoars, He etrongly favoured tba extension of commnnieatioa to the fortifications, thsnce ovm to Manly, cither by tramway or light rail way, and on to Pittwater. (Hear, hear.) Ae by the peratstent (Herts of one man, the Hon, John Moors, the bridge across tbe St. Lanrence river wm bnilt, so ha intended to be equally an- oesiing in hit advoscoy of the North Shore bridge. It wss nothing bnt pereeveranoo that aeonied for electorates their rightful share of publio expendi ture, m for instance ihe Maoleay elsotorate, where, in faot, every rlvor and creek hed been bridged by tbe exertions of the now lionised Mr B, B. Smith, nt a coat to the Treasury ot some £200,000, in the course of two years. He promised to Imitate the example of that perseveriog number if he became the sepresentative of Bt, Leonards, and to know the reason oi the great delay in completing the survey ot the line of railway (12 miles) from Pearoe's oorner to the Great Northern, line which bad been goiug on now nearly two vears. Tbe question of water supply wm of deep interest to the whole electorate, Though the Government were promising them aa early regular supply from the Nepean, yet he would urge that North Shore cd Manly also ahonld beauppUed at once by the Government with an ample supply from tbe magni ficent natural watershed at the bead at Lane Oove River. Such a supply should bo provided if only tor purposes of irrigating tha orchards in Lane Oove in dry weather, and so render them quit indepen dent of tbe elements, (Hear hear). The matter of drainage and sewerage too affeoted them all, and must he oarried out, not on a niggardly seals, but by a grand scheme whish he would urge ths Government to take up and so ensure the public health, The smells of Bt, Leonards were simply abcminable, snd he wa fearful, of an epldemlo arising from them, He held that it wm the duty of the Government to bring into prominence tha 40,000 acre of publio land in Manly Oove, by the formation of one of tbe moat beautiful drives in the world, from Boyal Park, at the north of Sydney by the north. end of Middle Harbour, on to Manly Oove, in tho electorate, from 160,000 to 200,000 acre of land atlll remained nniold, and ba believed that ths construction ot the North Shore bridge would so imptovo tho value of the land that it ivould go fAt towards paying for tte coat of that work, ILi object in entering Parliament wm not to sa> k salt iBgrsndisemant ; he bad no axe to grind, ba - wou'd go there as tn independent member to advance an electorate which had beeo so loa< nigltcted, Be wm a firm supporter of the eight- hours movement, of the const-notion of paolic wharvss Et North Shore, Manly, and GircuUt Quay, of tbe principle of not increasing the number of public- houses, and of tbe immigration of agricultural labrrarers from abroad, Sydney, he read recently in a newspaper, w.s increasing in wjalth and population at a greater »'e thou Chicago ; therefore, the greater need for tha electorate of St. Leonards to have an aetive, energetic, intelligent, and thoughtful man to represent them, and he believed that he could honestly do ta (Applause.) It was moved by Mr John Woods, seconded by Mr S. B, Bailey, supported by Mr 0. A. Aitcfaieson, aad nnanimoutly resolved, "That Mr M'Mabon wm a fit and proper person to repra sent the counotitoency," and the large gathering dirpeteed with the usual compliment to the chairman. 