DEDICATORY SERVIOE. Held in tho largo hall of the new building yesterday afternoon, tho dedicatory service was numerously attended. Every Ecat was occu pied, and many people liad to content them- selves with standing room. Others luul to bo refused admittance at tho doors downstairs, for so great was the number of those ' desirous of ' taking a part, liowovor small, in tho interesting proceedings upstairs, that tho hall was crowded soon after, tho congregation liogan to ussomblc, . and comparatively late comers had thoroforo to , return homo disappointed. (Thci president of the' association (Mr. W. J. Foster) occupied tho .chair, and among those aieo on the platform there, wore Bishop Barry, . Kov. ;Dr.' Btool, ,Itov. , Dr. : Jofforis, Bov. J. H. Fletcher, Rev. Charlos I Bright, v Principal Kinross. 'Bov.' 3.' Dx. Lan'gloy, ilr.ll. . H.T Stephen' Q.O. j- Mr. H. Eg 'A. Allan, -Mr.NDavid AVulkor (general secretary of tho association), ic. Tho . following delogates from Young Men's Christiau Associations iu. this and otlior colonies "were 'present, some on tho plnlform and others in the body of the ball — Melbourne : Mr, M'Loau (president), Bov. AY. G. Marsh, Messrs. David Death and J. H. Maddock. Balln- rat : Messrs. W. Herbert Jones and David M'Naught.' Adelaide: Hon. David Mnrray, Bov. H. C.'GeorgefMr. Alex. Walker (secretary) .and 'Mr. E loining. Brisbane : Mr. Win. Jones (gongral secretary) and. Mr. Summer." Dunedin : Itev. J osoph White. Auckland : Mr. J. Robert- son. Newcastle Mr. F. Ranson. Conducted by Professor Clampott, and accompanied on the organ by Mr. H. 0. Kent, M.A., a choir of 100 voices (from various city and suburban churches) sang the hymn " Sowing the Seed." after which all present joined in- singing " All people that on earth do dwell." Prayer was then offered np by tho Rev. J. H. Fletcher (president of the Avesleyan Conference) for a Divine blessing on the members of the assooiation and its work, and also in behalf of the young men of the city generally. Tho Rev. Dr. Jofferis haying read the 12th chapter of the Epistle of St. Paul to tho Romans, tho choir sang the anthem " God la a Spirit" Bishop Barry gavs an address on " Christian Unity," and a collection in aid of the new building fund wus made during the singing of the hymn " I gave my life for thee." An address by the Rev. Dr. Steel on " the Christian Work of the Associated" was followed by prayer, offered . up by the Rev. Charles Bright. Another hymn, " Jesus shall reign where'er tho sunj" was sung, and after Mr. David Walker had announced that the formal opening would take place this after- nooa and the reception of delegates this even ing, tho Primate pronounced the benediction, and the service was brought to a conclusion. CHRISTIAN UNITY. In .his address Bishop Barry said : I am called upon to speak to yon, my brethren, oh tho subject of " Christian unity," and I snail take for my text a passage from the -1th chapter of St. Paul's Epistlo to tho Ephesians — the fourth to tho sixth verses — a passage which describes to us the whole essence of Christian unity in terms which unite fill tho glow of pro phecy to tho clear-cutting precision of a creed. " There is," says tho apostle, " one body and one Spirit, even as ye are called in ono hope of your calling ; ono Lord, one faith, one baptism, one Gou and Father of all, who is above all and through all and in you all." Taking our inspiration and guidnnco from this text, and with humble iirayer to God tlmt He will both tench us to mow what we ought to do, and give us grace and power to fulfil the same— taking, 1 sar, this inspiration and guidance, aud trusting iu this blessing, I slmll say a few words to you to-day, first of Christian unity in itself, and next on the degree in which, as we trust, by G oil's mercy this Christian association may work together, as for the energy of Christian work, so for tho spipt of Christian unity. And. first lot me speak to you about what I may call the invisible aud spiritual unity which binds all Christians together. Tho apostle speaks first (as it appeurs to me) in this text of tho gromide of that unity— one Spirit, ouo Lord, ono God and Father of all. Ho next speaks of our Lord's appointed meant of calling men into the corporate fife of tho Christian Church, into tho enjoyment, that is, of Christian unity — tho one baptism. Aud lio than goos on to describo those tempers which are at oncu tho coiulilious and tho effects of Christian unity— tho ouo liopo of our calling, tho ono faitli, aud (as wo may understand from tho previous verses) tho one bond of peace or charity. Now, first of all, let us look at tlio means of Christian uuity. What are tliey? They are tho communion with tho ono Spirit ; they aro tho participation in the salvation of the" one Lord; thoy bear upon the wor ship of the one God, who is our Father in Heavon. All who have com munion with tho one Spirit — the Holy Spirit of God — all who noknowledgo the one Saviour, and rest by faith on the double cross ot His ntonomout and His sanctificatiou ; nil who look up, as children by adoption, to tho one Father, aud claim their sonship iu Jesus Christ ; all that rest upon tho divine, imperishable eternal grounds of Christian unity, in which- us St. Paul says in tho epistle to the Colossians, the indi vidual Ufa of uvory Christiau is hid with Christ in God, and, as ho teaches us hero, tho whole body of Christians form really ono body, in tho ono Spirit, tho ono Lord, tile ono God and Father of all My brethren, hero, under nil that divides us, under all varieties of thought and action, is tho ultimate eternal rock of Christian unity. Until tho souls of ineu aro sepa rated from the one spirit, > until we ccaso to acknowledge God und rcstnpon the ouo Lord, until wo have unlearnt that prayer, which is tlio prayer of humanity and yet especially the Christian's prayer to "Our Father which art in Heaven," we must all have, tluiuk God, In spito of our own folly and weakness und sin, tile imperishable and eternal grounds of \mity — the uuity which depends uot on man out on God. And the Apostle goes on, if you remember, in this same passage, in dis tinct connection with tho one Lord, to speuk of that appointed moans by which in all ages men liavo been brought, according to His last charge, into unity with Uiai — the otto baptism, in the mime of tho Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Mon may differ as to what tliat baptism signifies, thoy mat vary through all the vicissitudes of thought about it, but, it is what it is, as Christ Himself ordained it ; and there is hardly any section of those who call themselves Christians who huvo not hero obeyed the command of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by the ono faith, professed at tho one baptism, in tho one Lord ami Saviour, brought mou into this Christian unity and made tlioin members of the visible' Church of Christ, and so "members ono of another." Bat, besides tho divine grouuds of unity, and besides tlmt appointed means of entering into the unity with God of which St. Puul spoaks, there is somothiug, of course, on the side of man. Man is nut a more instrument. God is the Beginner and Endor of all good work, but man is, aud must be, a " fellow-workor together with God." And, therefore, St. Paul speaks of thoso tempers or dispositions which in their germs are the condition, and in their full perfection lira tho effects or fruit- of living iu Christian unity. And ho speaks, first, of the one hope of our calling, and you will obsorvo he speaks of it ill distinct con nection with the ono Spirit, and, I apprehend, for this reason — bouuuao the Holy Spirit is the givor of that etornnl lifa of holiness and loro in conformity to tiie imago of Christ, which is, from the nature of tlio caso, incapable of being touohed by imperfection and incapable of being broken by death; and, thoroforo, ho speaks of that which belongs, thank God, to us all— tho ono liojio of our calling ; und what is that hope ? Tho ono hope of our call ing, my brethren, is simply that perfection of conforinitv to tho Image of God which we call Heaven, up to which hopo wu must as Chris tiana bo coul iiiualiy growing i u this life, up to which, it may bo, iu tbo unknown possibili ties of God's mercy there mav bo growth aud odu cation in tlio unscoii world ou the other side of tlio grave. 'i'lio ono hope of our calling — my brethren, is not that, in spite of nil (as I liavo said) that may seem to dim it or to obscure it— is uot that ours mill ? When we stand faco to face with death— that sbudow bo- vond which there is the glimpse of the uuenrthly life— when v,-o stand face to face with death, then surely tho ono great distinction between tho Christian and him who knows not tlio Lord Jesus Christ is that sure aud certain hope— tho hope in a present Saviour — which goes with ns through all tho trials of life, goes with us through the shadow of death, and is to be luade perfect at the Groat Day, There are (in I have said) many things that seem to divide us on earth p but stand by a Christian's death-bed. and it matters not to what section of tho Christian Church ho belongs— stand bv a Christian's death-lied, and there you will feel the power of that ono hope of our calling which holong to us all, not through our own merits, but by the all-sufficient aud the universal merit of our" Lord Jesus Christ. But St. 1'aul goes on from tlio ono hopo of our calling to speak of tho ono faith which lays hold, in the communion of God, on the Lord Jesus Christ; and hero, for tho first tiuio, wo bogin to see there aro certain blemishes, certain defects, in cur Christian unit v. UEl'EOTS IX ClIltlSTlAX tl.VITV. Tho sight which tho Christian Church pro- cents now is widely different to that of tho Apostolio ago. It would probably have boon boyond tho conception of any early Christiau not gifted with apostolio perception. \Vo aro soparated in soma reapocts — by the defects and prejudices — in tlio unity of tho ono faith. Wo confess it with sorrow, wo confess it with shtuno. But; at tlio came tiino, my brethren, let uot tho defects that exist obscure from our minds the enormous preponderance of that unity in tho faitli which, thuuk God, wo still possess. I havo often thought, as a minister of Christ, that when I have boon preaching— and preaching without tho slightest resorvo— on any of tho .Christian festivals of our Christian Church — on the incarnation, at Christinas; ou tho manifestation of the Lord Jesus Christ in word and power, at tho Epiphany ; on the Atonement, on Good- Friday ; on the Resurrection, on Easter-day; on tho ascension to tlio right baud of glory, littlio great Ascension festival ; ou the gift of I'ouie-, cost, on Whit-Suuilay ; ay, and oven un tho ultimate mystory of tho'God-hoad, on Trinity- Sunday. I might have preached the very tamo words with scarcely an alteration iu nine-tenths' — L had almost said ninety-nine, hundveths— of all places devoted to Christiau worship ; und, again, to nso tho samo illustration which I gavo before, when wo look at tho actual creed of Christendom, as it is contained iu Unit , simple aud that venerable document which has grown up freely from immemorial antiquity, and wldch wo call tho Apostles' Creed, ivo see clearly there that on the groat articles of faith — the belief in tlio Father, tho belief in the Son, the bciief iu the Holy Ghost — the groat mass of Christians in thr.cust aud west are— thank G oil 1— still one, and where thoy diffor it is rather on that subsidiary article 'which deals with, tho clmrch and the application of graco to tho salvation of the Christian soul ; it is rather in that that we havo to traco' the sourcoof those .great divisions which havo dis tracted Christendom. I am bold to say that we , too fittlo citlinuto tho- 'great iiuians . of " unity . even in , ' respect of tho one faitli which.' hi finite I of all our faults, under. God's o varrullng , blessing, vim v still pos sess, uud for that possession stiff wo must offer up, I think, our profound nud heartfelt thanks before tho throne of Him who has ; overruled even our own follies and our own sins, mini has prevented them from really breaking up the uuity of the one faith. But once more. Wo read . not only of the one hope or our calling which is, thank God, ours absolutely, andithe one faith which; thank , God, is' ours substantially" ; Tint St. Haul speaks of' the' one' hond' Of ' charity,' the' one bond'«( unity. . ' THE OXE RATAL DEFECT. ' Ah, my brethren, there we come to the one fatal defect, the . one thing which really mars our. - Christian unity, . the one thing against which evqiy Christian has to strive and to pray. What we want for Christian, unity are (if 1 may glance back once more), hot the grounds of unity in the Father, Son" and Holy Ghost — those, thank God, are in Heaven, and we can no m6re destroy them than we can destroy the. source of some great river in the glaciers, thousands of feet abovo onr heads, out of which tho river comes down far from the eternal snow and, as it were, from under tho cyo of heaTen itself— it is not here that we have any defect ; nor, again, in that entrance into Chris tianity which Christ ordained, nor in the hope of our calling, nor in the one faith; but what we do want, my brethren, is that ono bond of peace, of Christian intercourse, of Christian mu tual understanding and of Christian love, from want of wbioh wo are all of us so greatly mar ring the purposes of God, and, beyond all other things, so far as I can Bee, playing into the hands of sin and nnbolicf, and delaying tho victorious advent, of His kingdom for all peoples, nations and languages. So much; thou, as to that which is tho all-important thing— the inner spiritual unity which belongs to Christians; And now to touch a subject of great delicacy and of groat difficulty. DJIKA0HE3 OF KXTEllNAL OHIUSTIAX TJX ITT. What shall I say ns to the breaches of external, risible Christian unity in the Church of Christ? I am hot one of those who go for making light of these tilings. Throughout my whole fife I have seen bow very greatly they do (as 1 havo said) mar the power of the Gospel over tho world and the divisions on our Christian faith ; and what I think we have to do with regard to them is this — to recognise them as great disasters to Christian faith over which we have to sorrow, and with regard to which we hut-o to pray that God, in His own good time, will make 'up the breaches of our Eion, and bring us together in worship end together in action, as we ought to he together in faith and together in the spirit. Is it quite impos sible,- fin these Critical days— these days when Christian faith is face to faco ' with systems of thought , which actually deny the very possibility of our know ledge of the existence of a living God, which actually teach us to believe that we aro hut creatures of three score years and ten, and- then uro to pass away and be absorbed in I know not what, as if we had never been — systems of thought, moreover, which deny or question even those great fundamental laws aud forces of Christian morality which we had thought were the itnperiehablo treasures of modern civilisa tion — is it, I say, qnito impossible that at least those Christian bodies which arc separated by no irreconcilahle differences — is it impossi ble they should dream at least that they snould strive nud pray for more comprehension, some thing that might bring us together again, nud (ns I have said) make us one body outwardly, ns we ought to he one in heart and iu spirit ? I know that okr religious divisions have partly arisen from the varieties of Christian thought and faith, unduly checked, perhnps, by un over-rigid system of thought and worship and government; but I believe uUo that that arises— let me speak plainly — from that schismatic temper, whether in those who go out or iu thoso who remain, which, if it cannot have precisely that which it seems to require ; if it cannot have precisely that form of worship, nud that form of action which it deems the best, is content actually to break up Christian unity, und to form into scperate bodies, and so become antagonistic those who, at least, might hale sank sumo dif ferences in order to won: and to pray together. It is not for mo— it is not certainly for me on this platform — to shadow forth even any scheme of comprehension iu the future; but, looking through at least tho chief of our Christian bodies here, and perhnps, with one great excep tion, I cannot hut sec that in some cases those principles for the assertion of which division began havo been now universally recognised, and that tbe divisions remain when the causes of those divisions have passed away, and, if this 'be so, it is enough for me to-day siirely to sug gest to you this : How greatly the experience even of this young colony has shown — how greatly the experience, I say, which is 'within the knowledge of those whom I address has shown — that these, our religious divisions, are the occasion of the unbeliever, are the perplexity of Stntesracn, and are tho deep sorrow of all Christian hearts who understand what tho prayer of their Master meant — " That they may he one, even as thou, Father, art in me mid I in tliee, that they may- also be one iu us." It is something, ut least, if wo learu to more look over these things, anil if we resolve in the very depths of our hearts that, God helping us, we will never he of the number of those who make the division, that- we will be, as far as we can, among tho numhor of those who make for pence and for the things wherein one may edify another. WHAT BUOULD BE DOXE. And if I am asked, in the meanwhile, What shall we do ? I think I should venture to answer thus— We are divided, uuknppilv, into various Christian churches. Lei every church cultivate itsowu internal, spiritual life, und let each re joice, uot iu tho failure, hut in tho wellbeing of others. I have no idea that we shall ever bring about u unity by. ignoring real points of difference, or meeting in a kind of hn/.y atmosphere of sentimentality, without the solid ground of the creed "on which to place our feet. While we are what we are, let every church havo the cour age of its own opinions, rise to its own mission and cultivate to the utmost its own internal and spiritual life, and while we do so is it too much to ask that the various Christian churches, as much as they may, shall lot one another alone. I do not)' see. myself that it is possible for a church to flourish and to have vital power without drawing mou to itself, and, in thnt sense of the word, without what is called proselytising ; hut, for my part, I think the various churches should seek their 'proselytes not from' ono another, but from thnt enoriuons mass which unhappily )ic3 outside all the churches, and which needs to bo won to tho very conception of the faith of Christ, to tho very dream of the knowledge of a spiritual life. Surely there i3 room for. us all ? You need not go a stone's throw from these very walls to see how many there aro who will' not come into us, to whom we must go out to seek, aud from whom we may surely be most anxious of nil to win converts, who shall have a fresh untmnge, as it were, to the Kingdom of' our Muster, and who shall bo laid simply and solely at the looutoolof onr Lord Jesus Christ. COSlllOX WOllK. There is otic last thing on which, for a moment, I will dwell. There is a marvellous uniting power, my brethren, in common work, und 6urely there are many tilings in which wo miiv all well unite together ? There is n cru sade going on, thank God, against the gigantic evil of drunkenness, nud that still more gigantic evil of a festering impurity. Surely, here each Christiun Cliurch ill its own organisation, aud nil, so far as thov can, iu common action, may,' stand shoulaer to shoulder us brothers and learu to know ono another mid love one another by achievements in this common war? And is there not equally n crusadu against tlmt negative I'agan godliness, tlmt spirit of n worldly self- indulgence, nud that hazy, self-coinphicent con tentment in unbelief or in suspension of opinion upon things which will no more wait than life and death will wait? U ntil can we settle thoso matters, I say, is there not here also it common crusade for us all? On tho platform, for instaucc, of onr recently instituted Christian Evidence Society havo we known any distinction as to the section of the Church of Christ to which tlio witness' for Christ belonged ? No. There is here, surely, a large amount of common work, and tho (more wo do that work — whether, as I havo said, through tlio organisations of our own churches, or bv other and still more common action— wo shall learn to bo drawn together, be cause we shall be drawn closer to the very centre of nil tilings, and by doing tlio will of Goil wo shall come to know— anil to know prncticaliv nnd to know vitally — the doctrine — nay, the person — of our Lord Jesus Ciirist. ' This scorns, to me what any minister of Christ may say to yoit on a day like this with regard to. Christian unity, nnd all'that ho need -say finally is just this : that hetwishes earnestly Godspeed to this Chris tian Association, uot oulv for tiio sake of that which nir friend Dr. Steel will speak of — Chris tian work — hut also because it may draw to gether more aud more those who otherwise might bo strangers to ono another and further tho cause of Christiun uniou,or rather Christian unity. The young men who are drawn to gether hero will have a Christian intur- coursu by which they will learn to know, io'estcem, to love one another. They will have. I know.that common Christian work by whicli tliey will he, as I have said, drawn together by the very enthusiasm of a common service ; nud I confess that I dwell with infinite pleasure upon tho gathering which I see before mo here to day to inaugurate this building, iu tho humblo and hearty prayer that those wire are here broughtitognther may be brought together, not only for thoir own mutual benefit, and not only for common work, but may be brought together to contribute iti some degree to the realisation of that thorough Christiau unity, which at ouo time, substantially, Christians might enjoy and tlmuk God for, but for which as yet we can oulv hope and prav. THE CIlitrSTUN WORK OF THE ASSO CIATION. The Ilov. Dr. Steel, speaking ou this subject, said ,My first note this day must be of grati tude to God for this noblo building erected und opened for the Young Men's Christian Associa tion. It is u visible evideuce of Christian work. It was r. great and arduous undertaking, and . required nil tho wisdom nnd faith developed throughout. Tho site is well chosen. The ' edifice is well .designed. , It is admirably adapted to its great object, aud tbo business-like arrangements for sbopi..l#iks and .offices on thobiiBemcnt-avo creditable 'lo.tlio forethought of those who wished tlie institiitioiikto bo self- supporting; We nll hope that by the Divine blessing on ; the work this, building will bo crowned by entire f rceiloin from debt. My next note Is one of gratltudo for' tho Chrisliuu work already done- tiy . this association. -1 bin c watched its progress from'its infancy, through its early straggles in yoath, to' adolescence'and. <o this grand development.' Thave'SjihpIthised ' with it in all its stages. I rejoiced when the . first effort was iaado to get a secretary entirely devoted to its work", and plways had pleasure in giving him countenance and encouragement amidst his difficulties. And I'was happy to ob serve that Christian work became so engaging to him that ho dedicated his life toone of its higher forms, and is now an active minister of Christ in North Willoughby. The work of tho association dnring the past seven years, since the visit of my old and esteemed friend Dr. Bomerville, has beon- remarkably progressive and yory useful among young men in this city. The indefatigable secretaiy, who had long been in my own congregation and an active member of tbe association, was carriod la to his presont office, I may say, by popular aoclamation. With singular unanimity the Christian young men of this city requested his appointment, ana their choice has been amply justified by tho spirit ho has Infused nnd tbe work he lias dons. Supported by 'like minded men in the various honorary offices tho work has gone forward most usefully. It has commended itself to tho Christian community, and has evoked tho liberal gifts which have warranted tho erection of this convenient and commodious edifice. It has been eminently Christian work of the very highest vnlne to society. It has been building np tho very, host tnnterial for tho service of Eociety, that of good character in youug men engaged in business. Thnt was a noble saying of the great statesman, Mr.i Canning, "My road must bo through character to power ; I will try no other, this is surest." Young men in business sliould be intelligent, skiltnl, pushing, but without sterling priuciple and good character these will all fail to gain confidence. ' This asso ciation has aided tbe best social virtues. It is not achnrcb,bntit is an efficient auxilary to the Christian Church, as all Bible, Tract, Missionary, Temperance and Purity Societies are, auxilaries. The SToung Men's Christian Association has a great and noble work to do to improve these staple workers of the community in thoir most impressible age. Young men are in their for mative period, rand they are preparing for con ducting what will soon be all their own, the trade, commerce, finance, politics, education and religion of the rising and extending com munity. This association seeks to take nold of them and to do them good. Its first work is among its own members nnd associates, to help to build up their moral character and religious principles, to fortify them against temptations, to afford them congenial sympathy, to give them moral support In welldoing, and to in crease their enjoyment of lifa by being useful as well as good. Young men .want sympathy, fellowship and help. They arc susceptible to influences of this kind. It is ou this side that temp tations are moBt insinuating and effective for mischief as well as for good. The Greek comic poet Mennnder, whom St. Paul thought worthy of quoting in his Bublime chapter on the Resurrection, said, " Evil company corrupts good manners." Young men in every ngo have felt this evil. But good company is as mighty an influence, and can innd does 'operate to the ad vantage of youth.. It is like tbe influence of comrades in a regiment standing Bhoulder to shoulder. It is tho very kind of strength a youn" man wants to enable him to overcome the Wicked One, Probably, no one can be more helpful to another than a young man to another, or than a company of well-principled youths to one another. Such friendships are among. the very highest felicities of life. They have had noble illustrations in history and poetry, nnd they sparkle in Holy Scripture like constellations in the heavens. This friendship is promoted by this association to belp young men to be true to what is right nnd good, and to urge them to keep up character, in saying to one another ns Polonius said — To tlifnc own self bo true, ' Ami it Mill follow ns the tluy tbo sua T'bou canst uot then be false to any inaa. , Iu proportion as this association elevates tho moral. tono and Christian character of young men so will society in Sydney bo richer and stronger and more virtuous. Merchants, bankers, employers, will havo their confidence in their various subordinate young men in creased, the efficiency of their business pro moted, nnd their very capital at stake made more secure, This work in improving character and good principle is in harmony with intellec tual culture. Tlio association cannot and will not neglect this. Its library, reading-room, classes, debating societies, anu lectures are for the purpose of promoting intellectual culture. So aro its biblical studies which aim more directly at forming the religions life, yet do so tlirongh intellect and heart. Goodness makes intellect itself more honorable, and enterprise more worthy of respect. Tho work of the asso- tion Is also in full harmony with tbe enjoyment of recreation aud athlctie exercise. Exoursious to the numerous resorts of onr beautiful harbor aro frequent, ns half or whole holidays afford the time; Musical entertainments are provided for evenings to recreate the mind and improve tho taste. Asplendid gymnasium, with all proper apparatus and a competent master, lias been provided. Young men will have ample opportunity of combatting the effect of confine ment in business by taking a urn at gymnastic oxerciso for strengthening muscle. As an en couragement to such exercises among Christiau young men, I observed in the gymnasium of the Now York Association portraits of ntbletes of character — around tho walls, und nmong them that muscular Christian so highly re spected for his athletic skill at Cambridge and for his courage and efforts in Melanesia — the late Bishop of New Zoalaud. He was a noble example to place before young men; bo heroic, so tender, so good a man, The work of the association is in full harmony with the great philanthropic movements of tho times, especially as they hear upon the regula tion nnd control of the appetites and passions in their connection with physical health ami moral charoater. It encourages temperance und seeks to prevent resort to publichouses. It pro motes social purity; and honestly welcomes tho gentler sex to entertainments and meetings to aid iu keeping up tho purest affections of youug men and that respect for female virtuo so im portant alike to tlieir manhood au-1 their morals. The aim of the association is to exhibit in Its members and attendants that wliicli gives the highest excellence to character. All who be long to tbe association share those advantages, and may contribute to enhance theui. Besides the number sent by such means to pttrifv society in business, M of the members have boon' ministers of the Gospel But the Christian work of this association is aggressive also. It only admits to its full membership young" men con nected with evnngelical churches, and of decided Christian character and approved morals ; but it admits to its charity youug men of all kinds. Hence it has been malting efforts to reach those who have entered into business, und who are exposed tp all tlio dangers incident to the city. To help those imperilled ; to win back the wanderer ; to rescue the perishing, and to restore tho fallen is its great and godlike work among young men. There is a great field for this kind ot' work in the city of Syd ney, as iu all large cities. Temptations to sin aro so many and varied, tempters are so insinu ating, company is so iiutiring, and there are so many facilities for indulgence in vice, that young men whose passions are strong are constantly iu dangev of corruption and of ruin. Many have broken loose from parental restraint : have lost good morals, nnd become addicted to vice. Such need a sympathising triondin their misorv. But none can reach them with so much effect as a wiirm-lienrtod young man. Every earnest member of the Young Men's Christian" Associa tion has here an opportunity ot' useful work, The general secretary has orguniseiUoperations and made most'' successful efforts in this verv fine of usefulness. It Is urgently needed to recover imperilled ami often friendless young men. The way is now open to pluck such brands from the burning, nnd to snow how a young man may cleanse his way. God speed the efforts of tins association in its ne\v sphere, and make this building a place of attraction and of benefit to the young mou of Sydney in genera tions to come. 