Ladies Page. Gipsy's Notes. Balmain Regatta. Considering the lovely day and good programme of events the flagship Gladstone was not nearly so crowded on Monday (9th) as was expected. Sydney people are upon tho whole somewhat economicaly inclined, and they seem to have made the subject debate as to whether, with the name sum (5s per head) more pleasure could not have been extracted from the holiday in other ways than of leaning over the side of a vessel watching sailing and rowing boats got in front of each other, and the debate endod in favor of the other ways. The ladies who were present had taken trouble to array themselves in proper boating trim, and very nice they looked : but envious were the glances they threw at other girls who had seats in sailing boats, and were evidently having a "real good time," flying before the wind. Even the spice of danger that the after- noon's freshening breezes brought them, as it blew their fringes all away, but added to the enjoyment. The Balmain Coldstream Band was selected for har- mony, and helped very materially to render what is truthfully a very tame amusement bearable. Rags and Stumps, The title is not in the least pretty or sugges- tive, yet for some time back it has been very industriously kept before us by the medium of the daily press. On Monday night, how- ever, the mysterious words were made to form the subject of a lecture, given by Mr. A. Miller, in the new Masonic Hall. "Rags and Stumps" were treated from their slang meaning, the first being used in the valgar sense for newspapers, and the second for speechifying (stump oratory). The lecturer made a very interesting discourse, holding a sort of debate on the merits of both, and seeming to incline towards the speechifying line. Our far away country readers will not, I think, go with bim all the way, for if they were to depend for the week's information upon the "stumping" process, such information would necessarily be of a very limited nature. Some editor or newspaper proprietor must have dealt harshly with Mr. Miller in days of old, and now that the chance offers he makes the most of it for letting folk know in what light he views newspaper scribes and their " rags." Pianoforte music by a clever young lady, Miss Lily Garton, had a place in the evening's programme. Picnic. Sir John Robertson has issued invitations for a harbor excursion on Monday, 16th, when the steamer Leveret will convey his friends to Clontarf. It is sure not to be nice, though ; only gentlemen are to be of the party. Metropolitan Liedertafel Had another of their selfish but very much enjoyed nights on the 5th. They entered the New Masonic Hall in the comfortable attire of everyday life, and their friends did the same-friends all of one sex, not the prottiest sex either, and the Liedertafel mem- bers sang, and their listeners smoked, and as smoking induces thirst, it was necessary then to secure an antidote, the antidote was forthcoming. None of the music was quite novel, but none the less acceptable on that account. Mr. Raintord took Mr. Hallewell's place as soloist, and when one cannot have the rose, the next best is to have one who has been near the rose. Mons; de Willimoff not only played charm- ingly by himself, but joined in a string quartette with Messrs. Fisher, Kollmann, and Deane A zither trio-" Barbara Tyrolienne " was enthusi- astically received. So was a solo by onoe of the Liedertafelmen, " Here upon my vessel's deck," and all the choruses were more than acceptable. Frank- lyn's Dogge, Chínese March, and Frog's Cantata provoking much eye-wrinkling and teeth showing; while Werner's War Song," "Bonnie Doon," and "I heard the bells in distant greeting," appealed to the more sentimental side of human nature. The Oaks. On Wednesday, October 28, St. Aloysius' Church, The Oaks, was the scene of a gay assemblage, when Mr. Maurice Hayes, of Charleville, Burragorang, claimed Miss Marie Mitchell for his own. The pretty little church was thronged with spectators, who thought the bride looked charming in a rich dress of pearl grey silk, tastefully trimmed with eidleweiss lace and natural orange blossoms, wreath of the same, and embroidered tulle veil. Her three sisters, Miss Maggie, Cecilia, Harriet, and Miss May Simpson (niece) looked pretty in bridesmaids' costumes of cream veiling and lace with blue sashes (two), cream and cardinal, with straw hats trimmed to match. Each carried a bouquet of flowers. After the ceremony, accompanied by a numerous circle of relatives and friends, they adjourned to Lela House, the residence of the bride's father, where a sumptuous repast awaited them, after which the bride donned her travelling dress of bronze surah silk, bonnet to match, and, amidst the good wishes of all, proceeded to Picton on the first stage of their wedding tour. The bride, who was a great favorite, received many handsome and costly presents. A dance in the evening, which completed the festivities, was kept up with spirit until the small hours. The fair sex was well represented. Picton lent a charming contribution. A pretty pair of sisters from Eastview Villa received much admiration; so did the dancing of a young lady in black silk. A tall girl in fawn and ruby satin looked well, and a handsome dress of black velveteen adorned a sweet faced girl whose nice dancing and quiet manners were fully appreciated. Among so many fair it would be difficult to say who was fairest, but the bellship was unanimously awarded to Miss Maggie Mitchell. Gentlemen proved good partners, many of whom came from a distance. Mount Hunter sent the best male dancer. Lake George. His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales adding another to his years was the excuse local people offered for getting up a nice picnic on Monday. About 200 assembled, played rounders, &c.;, went boating on the lake, and favorably criticised the military manoeuvres. A slight draw- back was the absence of music; but it must not be inferred that harmony was missing from the gathering. Ballimore Inhabitants were socially inclined lately, and by arrangement got up a very nice ball and supper on the 6th. Guests came in from miles round, and danced till daylight to the music of the bush orchestra, violin and concertina, and Mr. A. Gillie was M.C. Like a wise man, my correspondent says all the ladies were belles, and they came from Elong Elong, Spider's Crepk, Piambong, Mitchell's Creek, and Beni. Fashion Jottings. The Clelia overskirt, shown in our fashion plate this week, is simple, graceful, and when arranged over a kilted or flounced dress, admirably suited for ?ght woollen or washing materials. The bodice worn therewith may be pointed or full and round, according as the wearer is slight or plump. The Marise skirt is well adapted for heavier draperies, and the braid used may be of matching or contrasting color. The central figures are very smart and dainty, and the costumes worn by them may be exactly copied by our industrious readers by the aid of cut paper patterns, obtainable at 237, Riley-street, Surry Hills. Measurement of bust and waist, and ls 4d in stamps, should be sent with the illustration. Tingha. Residents invited Mr. Moore, M.P., to a ball on the 6th, by way of taking farewell of him. At- tendance was large, and a good time spent. To Correspondents. H. J. M'Cooey—Both words and music are obtain- able at any music sellers. Price 2s 2d by post. G. H. R. —The lines will be found in "Hood's Bridge of Sighs." Dorothy (Urana).-Here is a simple receipt for pie and tart pastry : Into a pound of self-raising flour throw sugar to taste, and about a quarter of a pound of dripping, lard, or butter. Rub all between the hands till the mass looks like grated bread crumbs, moisten with milk or water, roll out, working lightly as possible, and bake in a quick oven. All the care and trouble are thrown away unless the oven be at a proper heat. Quarrelsome Kate-It is certainly very hard that your sister should have all the good looks and ad- miration you esteem so highly, but just see if you cannot rival her. Of course in the handsome line, as you tell me, you cannot ; but try if a bright, cheerful manner, and honest endeavor to make the very best of life as you find it, will not make for you as many trusty and worthy friends as your pretty sister reckons. Jane Smith-You told me all about the bazaar, and the ladies and their pretty dresses, but forgot to say where the whole was seen, consequently your nice little item was useless. Anonymous is fair, blue-eyed, and stout, and wishes to cause mischief at a ball. Her complexion is ready for light colors, but then a plump figure is not. She had better don black tarlatane with pale blue or pink ribbons and flowers. Anxiety-Be very sure the "cut" from your old friend was intentional before you return the favor. Offence is often taken by ultra-sensitive people on this point when the offender is really innocent. Myra Osborne (Grenfell)-Why seek to make the gentleman's acquaintance ? If he wishes for yours he will speedily contrive to gratify that wish; while if the contrary, hw will by no means say " thank you" for thrusting your friendship upon him. It is very gratifying to a man's vanity to learn some silly girl "is dying to know him," and from that fact you may be sure he will extract no small amount of amusement for his fellowmen's edification. John's Wife (Glenroy)-Rock cakes are made thus : llb of flour, ¼lb each of currants, butter, and sugar, rubbed through the hands till every particle of butter is worked up, two eggs well beaten, and milk enough to form the whole sufficiently liquid to drop from the spoon. Butter a sheet of paper, drop the mixture in tablespoonful on, leaving rocky as possible. Bake in a quick oven. A Constant Reader of " Gipsy's " Page (Moruya)— Kid gloves are worn ; but long silk, either of tan or to match the dress color, are preferred, and are generally drawn over the dress sleeve, (2.) Crinolines are gradually retiring from the field; but steels in the back of costumes or dress improvers keep the draperies sufficiently bouffant. Jack Folingsby-The story of "Fisher's' Ghost" belongs to the early days of the colony. It is too long to relate here, but according to tradition Fisher was seen after he was murdered sitting on a fence (I think, on the Liverpool- road), in the immediate neighborhood in which, after a search, his body was found, and the culprit was tracked and executed. Charlie V—What possible use can old postage stamps be to the Postmaster- General ? Do you think he has a process of boiling them down, and making them new again ? No ; your £2 worth of used colo- nial stamps is just so much waste paper. Regina (The Oaks)-Yours received. Charming Girl-You have chosen an inappropriate pseudonym. " Forward girl " would have better suited you. You were very impertinent to ask for the gentleman's ring, and his message to you was very likely intended as a return piece of impertinence. Accidental breaking of the ring means nothing, un- less you accept it as a hint to break off your line of conduct and start afresh. (2.) For pimples, take a teaspoonful of cream of tartar and sugar, dissolve in boiling water ; add cold water, and drink. Fuschia-(1.) Henry moans a rich lord. Anna is a Hebrew name, signifying grace. Emma, a Gothic name-mother. (2.) The piece of music called "Rous- sean's Dream " is merely a fanciful title. There are no words to it. Pansy May (Easton)- (1.) You cannot have the water color picture copied for needle-working ; be- sides, it would not come out nearly so satisfactory in cross-stitch aa in your sketch. (2.) Lime with brine keeps pretty well as a rough wash for outside walls-but good oil paint is best. Frank's Darling-(1.) Dark colors-navy blue, seal brown, black, garnet, claret, &c.; (2.) Hobbles, not hopples. Mary (Queensland)-(1.) You may turn sugar into a form of treacle by boiling it with water and a little vinegar ; but ordinary treacle is cheaper bought than you can make it. (2.) Have not the article you ask for. Mignonette-Verses not up to the standard. Laalyriæ (Stanmore)-(1.) It is not necessary to state your age when your friends offer birthday congratulations. (2.) Could not advise you unless I knew something more on the matter. (3.) Your writing is by no means suitable for a governess. GIPSY. Communications for Gipsy may be addressed care of Editor T. AND C. JOURNAL. Social items especially welcome. Latest Fashions.-(See Ladies' Page). 