3P9&TIKO; S0TB3. BY N FWMABXET. — — _ If there i one Ctos of spo.-t for wh'ch Ausfcrn'inn h-- a ionoue»6 than another, 1 ehuuld eay it is juropiig races, for Whatever these evtnti an Included in a this feliio for steeple afidburdleraorag ia engendered by a knowledge IP0' baa a spioe of danger in it, woaid be difficult to say, Hit that the average racegoer wcnld sooner ere a "ash .u0!er k ? etcks among moderate company tban a buret or the flat with some of oar beet borees need irt be doafcteii. The opportunity of sharing in the eport will be afforded to-day, when the winter meeting of the V.R.O. will bo decided, and those who make the journey to the banks of the Saltwate' River may rely on an enjoyable outing. Hia Excellency the Liu .Einor and Lady Loch will pre b ably honour Flemington with a visit, and the presence of the vice regal party is bound to lend attractiveness to the gathering. As usual, the racing will bs inaugurated with the Maiden Hurdle Race, for which a large 111 rhnri.-kLf the, hrtut rtf Whltih neio Will C' iAitJ IU tux ' I uko to be IRR LBiE. and next to him I hare a fancy for Deringa a d Hippogriff, All going well in the Maiden tiieepleebeee, I "hall look to RBllCENf to win, and of tbe others I have a fancy for Wymltt and Devihboof. 6Jo far the Baii&rat; division fcate made no move which would indicate whioh will be their ohosen representative, though market indications seem to point to Sheet Anebor. In the absence of any reliable information as to the ability of the ex-Tasmaniau to negotiate the obstacles successfully, I most pass him over and go for THE AGENT, and assign the place honours to Huntsman and Ghatswortb. Tbe Grand National Steeplechase follows, aiid, without any hesitation, I shall plump for MOBVJEN, : who, I imagine, will be folio « ed home by Progress and Sailor. ECHO Bhould appropriate the Selling Hurdle Raoe, and the Fiat Raoe may be won by THE GHOST, though I should think Yernet and Too Too may prove very troublesome. Baaing men will rendezvous at Oaulfield on the 15th of next month, when a highly in teresting bill of fare will be preambled. The programme on that occasion will comprise the Sapling Stakes, of 100 so vs., three furlon e, for two-year-olds, colts 7st 12'b, fillies 7et ; the Handicap Hurdle Rroe, of 200 sove , two miles ; Selling Race, or 50 sove., four furlongs ; the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase, of 350 «ove., about two miles and a half, and the Bilaclava Stakes. f 100 sove. In the programme of the V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting, which appears in our advertising columns, the prinoipal alteration in the familiar bill of fare I notice is that tbe race which was formerly called the Findoo Harriers' Vase has been named the Australian Hunters' Stake, in which a trophy value 150 sovs. is to be given to the winner, nd trophies of tbe value of 50 sovs. and 25 sovs are to go to the second' and th rd borsss respectively The stake iB thrown open tobona fide hunters, which have hunted with either the Melbourne, Ball&Tat;, Sydney, or Adelaide bounds or Findon Ha tiers, and will be a welter handicap, the lowest weight to be 10 at Tib. The oonbiciona as to riders are the same as those of last year, and gentlemen intending to ride most send in their names at least three days prior to the race. On looking over tbe programme it will be seen that the o'ub has increased the value of tbe Maiden Plate 50 sovs., whioh will bring the added money up to 150 sovs The scale of weights, which proved so popular last year, have again been reverted to, and as a sweep of 3 sovs. is added, the event is sure to fill well. Tbe First Hurdle Race is the same as last year, and the Great Foal Stakes and Caulfield Guineas are items on tbe bill of fate whioh are quite familiar with racing men. The first day of the meeting will, as osual, conclude with the Toorak Handicap. On Cup Day the pro gramme is precisely similar to that of last 3 ear, save 'hat an additional 50 sove. has been given to the Windsor Handicap. Indeed, except by increasing the monetary value of the stakes, it is difficult to suggest any improvement in the racing menu just issued by Mr. Bond. Reposeful as the town of Geelong n, a very pleasant afternoon can be spent on the onnewarre ccutse on tuce days, and as capital entries have been received for the ensuing winter meeting of the Geeloog Racing Ciub, a trip to the banks of the Barwon on the first d»y of next month ought to be well worth undertaking. The tram runs right throng to the oour e, and to the credit of trie railway authorities it may ba said that this journey is invariably done at a good rate, aud chose who go from the metropolis to the races oan always rely u being brought bach to Melbourne in good iime. In looking over the entries, I notioe that owners have responded liberally to all the events, and with u good handicap there are Bute to be laipe fields go to the post. Ihe Hurdle Race has closed with an entry of seventeen, fend niuetecu youngsters have been nomi> ated fc-r ihe Two-year-aid Stakes. Pot the Winier Handicap twenty-nit?1 &rg; engaged, if eluding Mooustiee, Silver King, St. Lawremj-, and Anglesey. There are eighteen of all sons ana conditions" in the Trotting Race, eieven in the Selling Race, eignteen in tbe Steepteohase, and twenty-five in the Railway Stakes Mr. Sutton has every reason ii feel sanguine of the proi-ptets of the winter meeting of the Wilttametown Racing Ciub on Sato day mxt, as all the events attracted large entries ou Monday last. Twenty-five u certainly a b»g field for tbe Hindis Raoe. The Epsom H andicap has filled with twtnty- tour, the Steeplechase with fifteen and the Railway Stakes and Selling Race have an entry of eleven and seven respectively. Mr. Oox had another pleasant meeting at rnoonee vaiiey on Saturday last, but backers bad a decidedly bad time of it; In the ! opening event, the Hurdle Race, Dunk&ry; was the chosen one, but the favourite could get no nearer than third to Vulcan. The Western | District horse Amateur made a very i j creditable d but at tha meeting, and ' fbough he only had Sst op, his second S & ywy prediuWe performance. ' T. Ooffcy furnished the favourite faiLI July Handicap in Honeycomb, but, thon 9 Senders trhd hard to get the filly hooT? B had to be content wfth second B PrimuB.whowfcntoutatsfitoI chance. B in the Steeplechase an outsider toxnei Bp-J B Studley, who experienced little aiffioohlj m disposing of Granville and Union. AlbiZ I and Goldtop were io equal dem M for the Selling Race, but only xhZ H who supported tbe first-named appeared u H be justified in the seleori n, as Gold Ton Pi finished away in the rear. Violet w&r; i up n as real jam for the Latest Handicap f| but she failed diema lr io rcwardiag h» friend- for the string confiJenct ihey d:s, played On ber heba'f. Overtures have been made by Mr. g & Barnard, on behalf of a company that hn S been formed under the title of the Amain, B Racing and Courting Compauy 0j M South Australia, to tbe lessees of the H Adelaide racecourse to sell their 1 H as to make one large racing clui? iu » co'ony. They could not come to ' although a substantial sum wss offend f« E the lease. A m; etiog of sporting tnfD Wa> held by Mr. Barnard on Monday afternoon ; - when it was decided to form a plumptqu a| L Morphettville, and carry on racing coursing there. A strong and influential i committee was formed, including maoy leading racing and coursing supporters It is intended to purchase the freehold of the Morphettville course. The booths, gates, and other privileges in Connection with tbe V B.C. Winter Meeting were aold on Tuesday last, and realised £ug 10s. Meteor and St Leonards will be exposed of on Monday next by Messrs. A. Yuii.e and ; Co. I have reeeived Otenhams ' Moiitfe'y Turf Register" for Jure, and, as bis fjif correct reooid of the performances 0f horses are particularly valuable to racing men just now. no one who affects fuat.trb hcreey ibonld be without s copy of thi« .u.Ie work. Mr. Gordon's 8andal won ihe Pert Augusta Cup on Tuesday last. On Tuesday last, Mr. E. Weeks purchased the well-known steeplechase horse Union for 110 guineas. The racehorses Student, Mmerva (tUt racer), Omadbann, Coop d'Etai, Favour, asd Letitia arrived from Wagga duriog the week. Writii g of the Derby prospects of last year's Maribyrrong Plate wiener, " Trna« pator" s&ys; : — " Newstead is deai edly oa the big eide after his long spell, aud his fors- hg» do not look to be of the ' eerr; enable kind' necessary for a horse who uiut go through an excrpti anally tieavy prepartitica, Melton, it is true, was aiway onorr u-piciOT on account of a weak kg. and yet bie? irica ? as enabled to get bim enough to fight opt very -severe r&oe; at Spraat 1 he eaw f aboot Newatea«i may prove no better founders tk&a; were tbe objeciiona to the English Deror favourite ; but, without wishing to di count the colt's Dei by chance in &Dy; way, 1 ehali unhesitatingly efpfeas my opinion that Mr, M'Donald has a very anxioos and trouble some time before bim in preparing the preset! favoorite tor the V.BC. Derby, aa if bs succeeds in landing him at the post fit to rou he will have performed a taek which fcsa? persons just now regard as very difficult of accomplishment. In writing this I do mt for a moment wish people to undent bi that I am one of those croakers who »y - ' Newetead cannot win the Derby,' but the colt has ail his trouble before bim, and eotil he gets into fast work and is going cn satisfactorily, backers will be osing a vise discretion if they forget bis brilliant form last year and let bim aiooe for tbe lerhv,1 Gold Top was churned after runntDg iu he Selling Race at Moonee Valley, and knocked down to Mr. T. Learmou.u hi £& Mr. Weeks, wbo gave £80 for Alfrno« after the son of Proto -Martyr and Ldy ) Avenel woo the Selling Race at Movⅇ | Valley cn Saturday, was rewarded for hit $ purchase by winning the Latest Handiirp | with the oolt. 1 The other day I dropped into tbA studio of ; the well-known artist Mr. F. Woodhocaf, sen' or, and was shown an excellent oil paint ing of the steeplechase torse Marquis Waterford, whioh the veteran has just com pleted to the order of the gentleman «ho races under the nom de plume of Mr. VT. "Neal." The gallant little grey ie represent d j with P. MGowan in the saddle, sod ; 1\. A . « . . Lift Aft 4 arsisi u to oe oongratniateu lor naviug w ; the likeoess of both horse and rider adiuiistk Mr. Woodbooae has also just competed » j capital portrait io oils of the celebrated hounds Capri, Kingfisher, and Rent Charge, j and tboDgh dogs ain't my game," e George > Watson says, I venture to state that this work is one of the attic's happiest efijri5, Tbe canine or brities are depiete 10 a striking group, i.< . he natural surrounding8 of the pietote have ucen wrought out finish whioh would c i credit to some ct oar best landscape paimers. Tbe p cture h"8 been executed to the ord?i cf Mr. u- M'Qnade, of New Booth Walea, and is novo® view in the office of th- Victoria Coutpio? Club. Those who have seen it 418 unanimous in its praise. Lord Wilton's half-sifter Sandal. astonished the Mohicans by the style ebe ct2 down her field in tbe last Caultitld Game®8' | ; showed the return of her spring (0. | : Tuesday laet by oarrying 8it 10ib | winning the Port Augusta Cup, one ®ile i three qaarters ; The Lawn (7«t 4;b) wrf I eecond, and Bails (8st 101b) third. OakP g rings (lOat) won the Hurdle Race, The g (6st 7 lb) the Flying Handicap, Sir Ewao II Steeplechase, and Randal tbe Shorts H»"a' || cP ' On the second day, Tbe Lawn l11" f d b) earned ofi the Paetoral Cop, c»e 1 at,fi three qnavtere, beating Briac® t1 a 12lb), Onkaparinga. (iOst 41b), and 'bt. 3 Chrysalis, with list up, appropr. L U| Steep ttchase, Sworofitb being seconfi, ft8® j Bwan third, „ Brown K«»k ;n the !,Sl Steeplechase to-day, arrived farm 8 Monday in oharge of Nt, C. Fx1h». S will probably steer him for that evect . The English lookey Club have 9 Lord Marcos Bereoid to succeed tot £9 Mr, Sf'fioorgs, and H. Onstancft, H know ex jockey, is to be deputy slut .p, || An Indian paper strs : Tte M «reer of the gallant gdffing Cemtami 19 was so triumphant at the Caloatta meeting j three seasons Bgo, bas, we regret to betf,! come to an untimely »nd. Since the horse s I name was changed io Loyola,/ his previous 1 saocess and good fortune seem to haver dtparied from him. It may be remembered that b6 was pjicbaeed by the ttah&r;&jah; of .Todbpur. after a euocsefui season in Calcutta. I i .i the large turn of 22 010 rupees — large sum, I cay, c'.uideii g itm he was only al gtlciiigi and ttat his form had been 1 thoroUf hlv exposed. As Loyola he has I never diet guiched himself, and perhaps the piajperit.fi which he received at Jodbpar jay have something to do with thia. A I special marble stable was built for him, in I whioh be roamed about in greater ease and ooinfort than any lord o the harem, the ceeu.t cf which was that, soon after his arrival, be got a severe attack of fever, whioh, tboufih be was cured lor a time, ultimately earned him off. Loyola was bred by Mr. eisb, of New Sonth Wales, and w is got by The Friar (son of Maribyrnong) from Btlhaii. After performing wit g me success in New Zealand, he was br ught bick Victoria, and. after being beaten by Lord Earry in the Robinson Stakes at the oo mplimentary mee<ing held at Flemiogton in honour of Sir Iierouiee Robitson in 1880, he turned the tables cn the son of Angler in t le Flying Handioap at the same meeting. Ia Mr. H. Haines's hancs be also won the Corinthian Race at Caulfield. and afterwards appropriated the Flying Hsndioap at tbe S A J.C- Autumn Meeting. In India he was 1 viry successful, and often proved himself to- j good fur bis opponents in races over all! distances. I The Ballarat horses Sheet Anchor, Flam J birough, Wymlet. Mcrvr t>, Irr&lee;, Insolvent, j Assegai, and Sailor arrived at Flemington on Thursday, The lot all look well, and tbe J general impression is that our friends of the J Golden City hold one of the strongest hands j they ever brought to head- quarters. 1 With a view of furnishing an after noon's sport oh the 2Dth inet., when Snow- 1 drift and Dandy, two well-known Bendigo j trotteis, will try conclusions for £50, the! Sandhurst Trotting Club have instituted a couple of trotting races and a Handicap Bracelet, cf 15 soy?., for local hacks. The Victorian Tio tir g Club balance-sheet for the half year ending in June, 1885 has b eu printed and circulated among share- holders, and it is satisfactory to state that the four raoe meetings held during that period i have resulted in a profit of over £560. Tbe winter meeting in connection with the j Mansfield sportsman's blab was held on j Thureday last. The weather was very pleasant, and the attendance w&b; quite up to | expectations. Young Camden won the j Hurdle Race, beating Jaok of Clnbs and Bertie. The Ladies' Bracelet fell to Kudos, I Jack of Clubs again being second. Kudos I was also sucoessM in the Sportsman's Cup, j and Plevna won the Selling Race and Trophy Race. Tbe meeting concluded with a Ladies' j Saddle Raoe, which was won by Jack of Clubs. During the visit of a party of gentlemen | to tbe Flemington raceocuree on Thursday to j inspect tbe improvemnt8 being oarried out I on tbe course, it transp red that when the I proposed alterations are completed, the Railway Department will be able to transport 8,600 persons to the course every eight minutes. Such a facility, it is confidently anticipated, will amply provide for the large attendance on Cap Day. V Ii C. Scratcbings.— Maiden HurdlejRace i Balmoral, Gcnos, Mabooehal, Cluny, Bar. rinphug, Fairplay, Galatea. Coriolanns, Dsrings Sheet Anchor. Maiden Steeple- ohase : Deringa, Dundee, Tanglefoot, Banye- noag, Scobeloff, Patchwork, Olnny, Mabon- chal, Misfortune. Fingal, Leo, Phenomenon. Grand National Hurdle R ee: Hunter, Nntlad, Lady Teazle, Hazard, Gasalier, Agitation, De spatch. Grand National Steeplechase : Union, Blackthorn, Gilderoy, Bwocdfish, Reticent, Coiebrook. Bard of Erin, Oiarenoe. Selling Hurdle Race : Despatch, Flyfisher, Scobeloff, Trobl-ra, Waiter, Saleyards, Agitation. Flat R\«e : Licai Option, Honors, Phantom, Sun stroke. Masoa, Hobart, Minerva, Tissue, But tress Baron, Ntoker, Bristol, Gipsy's Warn ing, Matoney, Montrose, Pailleroo, Chucketer, Heotor, Galatea, Claptrap, Unea?, St. Odille, Albicore, Gasburner, Stornaway, Bathurst. All engagements — Royal Maid, Buzza, Sea Horse. 