THE KIAMA GHOST. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — In my former letter I gave you a brief account of the five hundred special constables sworn in as a body guard to the Duke of Edin burg'h, on his arrival in Sydney, and the figure ij they and Mr. Henry Parkes cut on the day of public entry by Prince Alfred. After this won derful feat — so skilfully carried out by Mr. Parkes and the New South Wales Life Guards — nothing could exceed the impudence of some of those fellows, and I regret to say, of men who should have known better, but who forget themselves during the days of thia fulsome, frothy loyalty, and openly insulted men who were far more loyal than those who indulged in tall talk, calculated to bring into contempt the very cause which they espoused. To be an Irishman in those days, unless you wero an Orangeman, was a crime ; and even then, unless \ou hailed from the North of Ireland, you wero looked on with suspicion, as not being the pure type of all that was loyal ! But such was the case, and on every occasion possible the most insulting and irritating speeches were delivered, and articles of a similar descrip tion written in the leading daily paper, until every Irishman in Sydney, who was worthy the name, and not a thing, was driven on many occasions to make a bold stand against the outrageous conduct by which they were pursued. It is well, sometimes, that people and nations should be attacked, and if a man be true in his love of country, or if a nation be sound in its nationality, every storm of adversity, every trial, every attempt to shake a man's nationality, will tend to make him more patriotic and firm in his conduct when attacked. Nothing tries a man like the fire of affliction. I have seen some men in Sydney, who called themselves Irishmen, and would be annoyed if any man doubted their na tionality, but when they were piit in the crucible, they left nothing but dross behind — whilst others, I am proud to say, were true men, and came through the trying process like pure gold. The storm came upon them, they were staggered for a moment by the attack of their' enemies ; but they stood steadfast and became like the oak, and we know, ' Tlio oak strikes deeper as its roots by furious blasts are driven.' This should be the aim of every true man, to be come as firm as the oak becomes in the land of its birth, and even when storms of adversity come, let such storms only tend to make him more firmly rooted in his love of kindred and country. Although there were a great many heartburn ings and insults to be put up with by the Irish people in New South Wales, from the day the Duke of Edinburgh arrived, nothing up to this time occurred of any moment more than a few rows at public-house bars, where some fellows got punished for their offensive loyalty. But now came a great day when Prince Alfred was to be publicly presented with a Bible by the Protestant children of New South Wales, the presentation to take place in the Inner Domain. My children brought a message (more like an order), from the master of the school they went to, that they were to be at the school such a morning, dressed in their best clothes, to march in procession to the Domain to take part in the presentation of this Bible. When I heard it, I told my wife that my children should remain at home on that day, and gave her my reason for my refusing to let them go, with which she agreed ; in fact, I had too great a reverence for the Bible to see such an exhibition made of it as was made on that occa sion, and for the stand I took, I was attacked right, and left, but being a straight hitter, I gave back what I received Avith a trifle added, until, by-and-by, my would-be assailants gave mo rather a Avide berth. At this presentation the poor children suffered greatly. The day was dreadfully hot, and the ground AAras saturated by the late rains, and Avhilo the sun was blazing above their heads, many of the children, if not all, were ankle deep in mud and water. An aAvning was provided for the sailor Prince under the shade of the trees, Avhere he was presented with tho Bible, but the delicate children had to put up with the broiling they received while this presentation was going on. I may here state that a great many children never Avere the same after that exhibition. On this occasion also the opportunity was taken to indulge in language calculated to irritate, if not to wilfully offend, the Eoman Catholic portion of the community, and one would think the presen tation was purposely got up to give an opportu nity to some men calling themselves ministers of the Gospel to indulge in their abuse of those who differed from them in religion. This to me is de testable conduct for any professing Christian to indulge in. Many of these men havo since died. Notwithstanding all the bickorings, all the offensive language used, everything was passing off fairly Areil, although, any man might seo that people on all sides Avero almost at boiling heat, and any moment a row might take place which might end in terrible bloodshed. In the midst of all this excitement a picnic was announced to ?t 0i7i)«i i \ hi ?mtrmm-tsmtn * i mi'jiiwi pirn' -imi' im'nu' ' i' — .ia ~ii: WZ*-E8i take place at Clontarf in aid of the Sailors' Home, and on those grounds an unfortunate occurrenco took place through a man suffering from mono mania firing at and wounding the Duke of Edinburgh. This man was tried in a few weeks after, while all this terrible exitement prevailed9 he was found guilty and hanged. His brother since fired at a Eoman Catholic Archbishop in Victoria. He was proved to suffer from mono mania, and, as the gentleman fired at was only a Eoman Catholic Archbishop, O'Farroll was im prisoned for some months. As this brings me to a terrible period of this subject, I will defer S&J-; I ing more until my next letter. Yours truly, TIMOTHY' FOG-ARTY. Sydney, January 2(5, 1885. 