welcoujl to the he v. h. robinson. Last ovcmng a to» mid public meeting was held at the rnmitivo Methodist Churh, Rowan-street, to welcome the* Rqv. H. Robiuson, the new pastor h .mrch. The tea, which was provided by ?? i i 3 ^ie congregation, was largely attended^ about 150 people Bitting down to it. v r tables were presided over by Mesdames ^''oP .estone, Hall, Aldereon, Thirwal, Ivnuckoy, the Misses Bunting and Ditchburn. At tho public meeting which was hold afterwards, Mr. T. | JSgglestone occupied the chair. There were also I 'present—Mr. Barrass, representing Brown-etreot : circuit; Mr. Bowden, Wade-street circuit; Mr. Davey, Buckley-street circuit; Cr. Hall and the Rev. \V. J. Bray, of Kaglehawk, and Mr. Falking ham. The Rov. H. Robinson *at on the right of the chairman. All the jjentlemen above- mentioned congratulated Mr. Robinson upon his advent among them, and expressed the hope that God would bless his labors. Some of the speakers dwelt upon the necessity for the members of tho congregation working heartily with their minister for tho good of the church. Tho Rev. "\V. Bray, in speaking of tho good done in tho past by tho church, pointed out the advantage for its future in having plenty of faith in God. During the evening the following letter from Mr. : H. Robinson, father of the church's new pastor, was read by the chairman to tho meeting :— Lilac-street, Sandhurst, 22nd April, 18S5. Mr. Chairman and Christian friouds,—TIioBkndioo Advkr tisbr, in kindly words, having introduced tho successor of the Hev, M. Clark to the pastorato of the I'riwitiTO Methodist Church at Sandhurst aa my son, and, I being known as an old minister, it would seem hut natural to i grace that I should bo found amongst the speakers at yonr meeting for welcoming your now minister. But, a« age and infirmity forbids, by the lips of " Brother Egglestono " please accept of those lines nscxprossivo of a heart o'erfiowing with Christian sympathy with the design of your mooting. My soul now moves my pen in the spirit of 44 Oh \ magnify tho Lord with mo and let us exalt His uamo together " in connection with the Lord making my son religiously what ho is and placing him where ho is to-night. When quite young, while learning the printing business with "Mr. George Young," his health completely failing compelled him regretfully to give up his employment. Through this enforced leisure he was, observe set free to receive in connection with this church the religious instructions of the Sunday school, and the different classes and meetings. Then in due order it pleased God by His spirit and grace to call him to spiritual life after a time to the local ministry, and at the close of the usual course of study he was accepted by "the conference" and subsequently ordained. Since which, for several years, I am informed that by both efficiency and marked success ho has made "a full proof of his ministry." And upon it being felt that the church needed the "revival" which is alone to be found in a re-baptism " with the Holy Ghost and fire," and an opportune remouibranco of iny loved son by nature, aud their "loved" son by grace and gift, sug gested the inviting him to accept tho pastorate, though at the time ho was filling a very happy, success ful and prosperous ministry at Creswick, as his testi monials certify. Along with the consideration of this j proposal, if the words " a prophet hath no honor with his own kin or country " did naturally at first show him " a lion standing iu his path " to Sandhurst, after tho perusal a^d rc-perusal of your letter so full of Chriatly love, and calling to mind the diviuo, holy, aud undivid able ties oxisting between you and him, aud a realised senso of his evcrlastiug indebtedness to this church, through God, for till ho is'spiritually; and na looking at the mutual love and confidence oxisting between you and him, together with your added pledges of faith, prayer and full spiritual and matorial sympathy with him in his work to tho full of ability, when again his mental eyes looked upon tho path to Sandhurst, ho found that agreeably with Isaiah 35,9, " No lion nor any ravenous beast was to be seen there." Then, with his full consent, 44 the conference prayerfully and heartily . endorsed your call! And, as a result, you have your pre j sent minister, and I may say his deservedly bolovod wife and their three dear littlo ones in your niidBt to night. " Such are God's schemes of Providence And methods of his grace. That we may safely trust in Him, Through all this wilderness." Therefore, I again say to tho beloved of Jesus: " Oh! magnify the Lord with me, and let us exalt his name together." Now may the Three-One Jesus, tho Lord of Life, Grace, and Glory, by permeating you all, soul and body, as with the waters of a baptism "with the Holy Ghost aud fire," so abundantly bless this union of 2>astor and peoplo, and tho esteemed ministers and members of sympathising sister churches present, that "Tho Lord's way may bo known" in our district, and " His saving hoalth " through out the length nnd breadth of this tho city of our adoptiou. I will now only trespass upon your valuable moments, which I had great hesitancy in occupying at all, to express tho prayerful liopo that wheu we all have done with living iu Jesus, living with Jewjii*, nnd living for Jesus upon earth,-wo for au oternal hereafter may bo privileged to roalize that— " f ho Light of heaven is tho Face of Jesus! The Joy of heaven is tho Presence of Jesus! The Melodv of heaven is tho Name of Jesus! The Harmony of heaven is tho Praise of Jesus! Tho Theme of heaven is the Work of Jesus I The Employment of heaven i3 the Service of Jesus Tho Fulness of heaven is Jesus Himself!" aud— "Bid but His worth tho nations know, Sure tho whole world would loveliim too!" Unsaved soul, only believo! only boliovoll only "believe ! ! 1 Dear fellow Christians, thaukinpr you for patience in listening to these lines, in Jesus, t he God of Love aud the Love of God, I am, affectionately yours, HENRYK013INS0N, (seuior). The Rov. H. Robinson said that whilo ho felt pleased at coming to Sandhurst, ho felt sorry to , leave Creswick. Friendships formedunderspiritual j influences in that town wore firm and endurable, i Ho proceeded to refor to his long experience of Sandhurst in earlier days, and said ho thought that Primitivo Methodism in Sandhurst had tho strongest claim upon him. He went on to speak at length, dwelling on the necessity for each and everyone giving himself to God. The usual votes of thanks wore accorded at the closo of the mating. 