True from the First AND : FA:LSE ,I0 TlE LAST. , CEIAPBT ER V. A DANGEROUS POSITION--A' USELESS ROBBERY PERPETRATED. WALTER BODINE reached the villiage .*in safety, and his excitement subsided suficiently before he entered it to enable him to appear as tranquil as nsual. He rode up to the only tavern the-p'ace boasted, intending to send his horse back to the stable by one of the servants. But on dismounting he found Catlin himself, who came forward at once with a singular expression on his face, and said- ' So you've got back safe, stranger. I hope the place was all right. People say the old man does walk, and so many have, seen. him that one can't help believing something of the story.' Bodine had made up his mind on the way back that he would say nothing about his adventure. It 'miight .lead to detention, as he believed he had either killed . 'or seriously wounded the pretended ghost, and he might be held accountable. for the crinme ; though he apprehended no very serious results to himself, beyond going before a magistrate, and stating the circumstances under which he had used his pistol. \- Hewished to get away before any . stir could be made in the affair, for.it was important to him now to place S his newly acquired wealth in a safe place. He was also impatient to make a visis to Oak Cottage; and make his arrangements for setting a snare for Guy Archer, which would be so baited as to insure success. To get Aimde's lover in his power,! and ship him off to China, was the plan that had occurred to him; and he did not dispair-of succeeding in it. Before Archer could return and :explain how he had been spirited away, Aimde shouldl be his wife. 'Explanations' would then be useless, even if an opportunity would ever be afforded for offering them; this was doubtful, as he intended to live in England. after his marriage, and it would be. easy to prevent a meeting between the wronged lovers. Elated by the easy accomplishment of his important errand, Bodine imagined that the remainder of his programme could be carried out with as little difficulty, since he would have unlimited command of money --money, 'which; according to his creed, was the great lever that gives vitality to all the interests of.life. He now coldlyreplied to Catlin ' You seem very curious about my p:roceedings, sir. I visited the property I-came to see, found it un snited to my purpose, and have returned in safety. I have no wish .to meddle with the ghost. He may walk there to the end of time for all I care.' Several loungers had gathered round the speakers, and a rapid glance was exchanged between Oatlin and a lithe, wiry-looking mian with a red nose. Some telegraphic signals were made, and the man started offin the direction of the livery stables at a quick pace. SBodine had dismounted, still holding the valise firmly in his hand, and he lifted the saddle bags while he was speaking. A negro boy rushed for ward toassist him; clutching at the first thing that presented itself, he Ssoized on a handle of the valise, and with a chuckle'exolaimed ' Golly, how heavy! -You's got a ,load of sufin since you went away, mister.' 'Take the saddle-bags, boy, and let .this alone. I do not require any assistance to carry .it, I found some curious botanical specimens as I rode out of the villiage, and they may have added something to the weight of the #alise. though I fancy it is no concern :of anybody what I may have put in it since I went away. All it contains is certainly my own property.' He 'strode into the humble reception-room, and asked for the landlord. After .some delay he appeared, and inquired if his guest would have supper.. •' Of course I will, and the best you can get,' was the reply. ' I Vwant it served as soon as possible, too, for I am hungry as a wolf, and I have a long night journey before me after it is eaten. ' Going away, air? We can give you a room and make you comfortable,' and the keen cyes .of the speaker glanced from Bodine to the valise he been so unwilling to permit- anyone to I touch. T''he look was not lost on his guest, and he coldly replied 'I haveno use for a room, as it is my fixed purpose to proceed on my journey this evening. I suppose there will be no difficulty about getting a conveyance ' SWell, stranger, that ain't for me to say. I don't keep kerridges and hosses myself, but Catlin ba hsa spring.cart, but it ain't at home, nor won't be afore to morrer morning.' If I must stay, I suppose I must; but you are"to make sure of that cart for me as early as possible to-morrow morning. ' i'll send your supper min as soon as it's ready, sir, and when it's over I'll show you whtr you are to sleep.' His supper was at length set before him on a soiled table cloth much the worse for the usige it had gone through. Hlis appetite was keen, and he found that the coffee was clear and strong, and that there was thick cream and fine sugar to prepare it with. SHe drans several cups, knowing from its former effects upon his nervous sys tem that it would help him to keep awvake, and he intended, if possible, to keep watch ovei- his treasure through out the njight. When the. tray was removed the land lord came iris; followed by a negro boy bearing a tin? candlestick with a gutter. ing candle in it, and announced that his room was ready. The man made a dive at the valise,.: but Bodine coolly circumvented him by tar'ing it up himself, at the same time saying 'I shall be obliged if you will take the saddle-bags. I am careful about carrying the specimens of plants which I have gathered on my way here.' The man looked sceptical, as he mut tered 'I dunno what anybody wants with dead leaves, 'cept the old woman what makes yarb tea out'n 'em.' He preceded his guest to an upper room very barely furnished--in fact, there was nothing in it but a bed with a blue yarn coverlet spread over it, a single chair, and a pine trble, with a tin basin and a stone pitcher filled with water upon it. The two disappeared, and Bodine examined the lock on the door, and found that it would not fasten. He took out his penknife and thrust the large blade into the woodwork, as a defence against too sudden an intrusion. His niext step was to examine the walls i carefully, to discover any loophole for observation that might exist. He did find one in the partition wall, and after; carefully stopping it up with a wad of paper, sat down to examine the roll of securities he had found in the casket, to see if they corresponded with the amount named by Calderon. Having ascertained this to his satis-, faction, he took from his saddle bags a morocco case with which he had pro vided himself, in which was found needles, thread, and a pair of sharp. I pointed scissors. Taking off his coat, the breast lining was soon ripped open, and the bonds awkwardly btit safely1 stitched beneath it. He then loos ened from his waist a money belt,. nearly emptyi in which he bestowed the gold coins and the jewels he had ! found in the casket. Blaving accom plished this to his satisfaction, he filled the "empty valise with the bota nical specimens and a few pieces of stone he had picked up on his way, for he had also a taste for geology, and intended some day to coll'ect a cabinet of minerals. Bodine's next step was to examine his pistols, and reload the one he had discharged. Prepared now for any emergency, he thrust the empty jewel case in the saddle bags beneath the clothing, and placiog them under the pillow, threw himself upon the bed, dressed as he was, to watch and wait. He was fatigued with the day's travel and excitement, but 'he felt no inclination to.sleep. The strong coffee had done its work, but it had not made him nervous, and he lay there several hours listening for the lightest sound which indicated an approach to his room. More than once he fancied that he heard cautious footsteps out side his door, but no attempt was made to enter. The tallow oaridle :burned down to its socket, shot up a few tremulous gleams of light, and then expired. But the room was not left' in darkness, for the moon was shining brightly and its rays poured through the small window which had only a cotton curtain drawn over the lower sash. As the night passed on, the house became profoundly still, and Boeline began to 'think his fears unfounded. The people were honest, after all, and he might dismiss his misgivings, and try to snatch a few hours of repose before dawn came. He was not a heavy sleeper, and the fall of the knife he had thrust into the frame of the door would certainly arouse him, and find him lirepared to defend himself to the last extremity. Placing his pistols where he could lay his hand upon them, he assumed a more comfortable position, and in a few moments he had lost all consciout ness of his surroundings. "He's fast enough,' whispered Catlin, outside the door. ' Get out your nippers, Slater, and I'll hold the lantern while you slip down the fastening.' In a few minutes the door was free, and'so dexterously was the feat accom plished, that the sleeper on the bed was apparently undisturbed. The two stood lat least a moment: waiting for some movement in the room, but hear ing none, Slater moved forward with the stealing step of the' panther when preparing for a spring, casting his keen eyes round td find the object of which he was in search. For a few moments he was baffled, but he soon discovered the valise on the floor near the head of the bed. As he was about to grasp it, he thought there was a slight movement of the figure of the recumbent man, and he paused and shrank back against the wall. The next moment Bodine's breathing was as regular as before, and with one swift swoop the intruder had secured his prey, and left the room, closing the door behind him. As he disappeared, Bodine slowly lifted himself from the pilluw with all his senses on the altrt, and with a sardonic smile, placed himself within a few feet of the door, holding a cocked pistol in each hand, ready to deal death to at least two of them at. the first hostile demonstration. A CHPTER VI. A TERRIBflE DISAPPOINTMENT-A NEW CONSPIRACY-YOUR MONEY OR YOUR LIFE. PERFECTLY secure that the prize was won, the three men gathered round the valise with eager faces, and after some trifling difficulty, succeeded in opening the lock; but when they found it filled i only with dried herbage, and a. few stones, the faces of the robbers would i indeed have been a study for the painter who delights in the grotesque. Open-mouthed amazement, followed by rage and disappointment, that so much risk had been incurred for nothing ended in mutual recrimination. 'If it had not been for what you told me, Slater, I should never have ventured on such an attempt as this,' said Catlin, in suppressed tones of intense anger. 'The feller told the truth when he said he had only such rubbish as this in there. All tlhat can be done now, is to take the valise back as silently as you stole it.' ' You've a fool, Catty, and can't see beyond your own nose. 'It's only a blind. He's took the treasure out of this an' put in the saddle-bags, maybe; or he's got it stowed away about his self. He'd never ha' held on to this porkmanky, as Skinner says he did, ef ther hadn't been somethin' better wuth havin' in it than them ere dead leaves. We can't git it from him to-night with out makin' a row, but thar's other ways of gittiu' ahead of him. I, for one, ain't goin' to let him git off with what's been took from us, as one may say.' ' I agree with 5ilater,' said the land lord, 'that he's hid whatever he found about him, and this is no place to try to take it from.him. I won't have no fightin' in my house. It'll be easy enough to settle wi' him when he's on the road to-morrer. Let Slatgr shut up that thing, an' slip back an' put it whar he found it.' S' That's the only thing we 'can do now,' replied Catlin, grimly. 'I only hope he hasn't been roused up by the sound of our voices. If he has, what's to be donel' ' Nothin', as I know on, but to fight it out,' said Slater, clenching his fist in: a'belligerent manner. ' i'd sooner kill. him myself than let him gitoffwith all that plunder.' ' But I won't have nothin' of that .sort done in my house, I tell you.. Gi' me the valise, an' I'll watdh out side his door till he is quiet, ef he should beawake, I'll put it inside on the sly. You see, Slater, I an't afraid to go in thar, if you did insinivate I was a while ago.' The two bolder villains were still in favour of an attack on Bodine, for they hated to be toiled in any attempt they made ; but the landlord finally over-took them, and sent them back to the stable to plan the attack they intended to make on the following day, while Skinner remained, to slip into the room of the traveller and restore the valise to its place from which it had been taken.. In the meantime Walter Bodine had reflected on his position and had come' to the conclusion that 'discreti6n was the better part of valour.' If he could avoid a collision with the robbers, it would be far better for himself and for tae safety of the valuables about his person. From the stealthy manner in which. his room had been entered, he began to believe that an attack on himself would not be hazarded in the midst of the village, as the noise .of the conflict must inevitably bring others upon the scene. The mumur of voices had ceased in the next room, and his strained ear detected the sound ofretreating footsteps as Catlin and his companion descended the stairs. 'Safe for the present,' he muttered, wiping from his forehead the cold drops that had gathered on it, as he realized .the dangerous position in which he was placed. He moved softly back to the bed, and again lay down with his arm thrown over his face watching for what might follow, and ready to use his pistol if the necessity for it arose. Half an hour passed away in breath less silence. The house seemed pre ternaturally still, but at length the creaking of a board in the floor in the narrow passage on which his room opened, warned him that someone was approaching. There was another long pause, and he could hear the pertured breathing of a man who stood on the outside listening for any movement in the room. Finding all' still, believing that his guest .still slept, Skinner ventured to push the door open, and gliding in his bare feet placed the valise on the floor near the bed. He disappeared as rapidly as lie had entered, and Bodine felt as greatly relieved as the man himself did at the accomplishment of this retreat. It was clear that he had nothing more to dread for the remainder of that night, and in the day that approached, he thought he could easily take eare of himself; He did not sleep 'again, but sat up on the side of the bed, and watched for the approach of day, anxious to get away as speedily as might be. That this would not be the only attempt made to rob him he felt very certain. He began to fear that he must have left behind him at Dead man's Olearing some olne to what had taken him there, besides the ostensible motive he had alleged. He remem bered the diagram given him by Cal deron, and bastily examined his pockete to see if he still had it about him.' ' ' . (To be Contiued.) . 