TURF GOSSIP. BY AUGOR. The second day at Caulfield will be Ions re membered by all who experienced the thrill of horror that ran through every spectator's frame. But for that catastrophe which de prived poor Donald Nicholson of his life and maimed several others the meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club would have ended in a most satisfactory manner, and I could have taken ray retrospective glance with pleasure. Sportsmen care for no pas time which hasn't a spice of danger in it, and they, love to quote the lines of one who fear lessly took part in many of the exciting scenes at Flemington and Ballarat " No same was ever yet worth a rap, For a rational niui to play, Into which no accident, no mishap, Could possibly find its way. " There's danger even where fish are caught, To those who a wetting (car, For what's worth having must aye be bought. And sport'e like life, ana life's like sport, It oint all skittles and beer." Gordon, like the heroic soldier who sacri ficed himself in the Soudan, was insensible to fear. When he mounted his horse for a burst across country, or on the Hat, he felt that he carried his life in his hands. So does every jockey who faces the starter. It is this disregard of danger that has made the Britisher and his descendants famous; and we all admire the pluck which characterises the English-speaking jockey in Australia, just as it does in France, in Germany, or in India. Were the Australian to show any disposition to shirk the responsibility at tached to horseracing, hunting, or any of the field sports of Old England, I should feel that the bregd was degenerating. A broken arm or leg is a mere circumstance in the hunting-field or upon the racecourse, but the loss of a life we must all deplore, and, with that scene of carnage still vividly before me I take up my pea with a heavy heart to record the doings of the past week. The racing at Caulfield on the second day was not, perhaps, first-class, but it would have been very interesting were it not that such a damper was thrown upon it in the J Cup contest By the manner in which Scaramouch disposed of Primus in the Selling Race I should take it that the old gelding has regained something of bis old form, and Coffey made no mistake in buying him in. Duration's performance in the Hurdle Race was first-cuus% for he was giving a fair horse like Uavenaworth 2st. 31b., and it] is quite certain that had be not run into a: hurdle before teaching the turn he would have have won pretty cleverly. Batty, who, rode Ravcnswortn, thought he bad won, but Duration came'so wonderfully fast in the last few strides that he made a dead heat of it,, and in the first stride past the post he was a neck in front. In the Nursery Handicap Damocles again tan a little green at first, but Flanagan roused him up, and managed to score a victory for Sir William Clarke, who has a capital string of youngsters to his name. Damocles belongs to a rare family on the dam's side, for it runs back to Queen of Beauty, whose name occurs in the pedigree of the English celebrity Geheimuiss and the no less distinguished animal Panic. The colt j was leased Irom 21c. Matthew Bryant by Mr. W, K Dakin, who transferred him to Sirnil- j liam Clarke, and as he will know his business in another fortnight he may carry the white and red into a prominent position in the Marihyrnohg Flaw. , What the result of the Cup would have been had there been no acci- j dent is only matter of conjecture. Most of ti.e jeckeye I have spoken n. f-wm iu f: l ev that Prince Tmperl;:! was lii-. ?"<: dungdrou* tlu,'J ouylhing else, though 'IV. 1W, ; 3iu>tru, Satdius, Lard j Piaiaibkv and Grace : though the latter was in good form, the report tuat sue was a stone better than when ebe won at Flemington was all moonshine. Velocipede may, as is alleged, have been in terfered with by the scrimmage, but nobody anions the pressmen ever noticed him in a foremost place. How Coriolanus got to the front was a mystery to some, but it was not generally observed that Colley saved a deal of ground as he left the straight by hugging the rails, and he adopted the same tactics along the back stretch. This in a measure accounts for the position he held at the turn, though he must have made a wonderful run to get where he did. Colley, however, should know that races are not won half a mite from home, though possibly he found him self with an unexpected advantage, and he wished to make tfie most of it. The effort, however, exhausted Coriolanus, and he hadnt a straggle left when Britisher chal lenged him. Mr. Lougblin's horse, too, collapsed very suddenly when Grace Darling got to him. A gamer animal than thedaugliter of The Diver never trod a racecourse, and Mr. C. M. Lloyd may well feel proud of hav ing bred her. Her pedigree is not, perhaps, so fashionable as that of many other good performers, but her sire was a well-bred one, and her dam con Id claim relationship to more than one horse with a character. Mr. Joe. Duffett, who trained the mare, is one of our amateurs who has taken to the sport from a pure love of it, and he has shown that he is just as capable of training a racehorse as any ot the veterans of Flemington, Randwick, or Caulfield. In days gone by, when the tackle he had was not anything like first-class, he seldom gained a winning bracket; but last Benson, with The Ghost and Grace Darling, he picked up several useful crumbs, and fairly crowned his efforts with this victory in the Caulfield Cup, thus proving that the two years he studied at the college of veteri nary surgeons was not spent in vain, i Sailor's Steeplechase was one of the I Hakes of the meeting, for had Lady I Ashton not been run off by Stud ley, the Hal-; larat horse would have been a moderate third.? Merrimu made some amends tor previous disappointments by winning the last race of the meeting, and a good sportsman was re warded. Mr. Thomas Watson started fairly well throughout the meeting, but he under took a great task when he marshalled the Cup field at the post Even his father would have found it difficult to get such a field off on anything like even terms. With practice, however, he will be a worthy successor to Mr. George Watson, and I'm glad to find that several of the suburban clubs have engaged him. Diverse, indeed, are the opinions respect ing the first horae to fall in the Caollield Cup. Even the jockeys who were in the front rank wben the accident took place disagree. T. Brown, who fode Too Too, declares that it was Tom Brown who brought him down, and others are just as certain that Sardius was the first to fall. There is one thing which appears to have escaped general observation, and that was the ci ange in the colours of Tom Brown's jockey. His owner mislaid his jacket, and obtained one very similar to the rose and primrose stripes worn by Colley on Coriolanus. At the time of the accident Tom Brown was in a good position, but suddenly disappeared with the others, and Coriolanus instantly taking the lead most of those who had notifced the alteration in colours imagined that it was Tom Brown in tront. From what lean glean and what I saw, I believe that Sardius, in try ing to get through, cannoned against Too Too, and Tom Brown being interfered with at the same time, the whule . three fell almost simultaneously. Clap trap, who was also in a goc«l position, stumbled over them, and tlausible, whose head was on Sanlius's quarter, was turned half round towards the outer portion of t!ie course. This deprived Plausible of his chance of winning, but at the same time it may have been the means of saving Power's life, lor had he been turned towards the rails ii5 would probably have collided with something else and been thrown amongst the others. Claptrap fell close to one of the posts of the rail, and Uarah, who was killed on the spot, rolled up against Mr. Whittingham's horse, and before the latter could be removed the dead body of Uarah had to be pulled out ot the way. Sardius was so badly injured that he had to be left at Caulfield, and it is doubt ful if he will race again for some time. Prince Imperial had sojne of his teeth broken, and was injured in the stifle, but was able to walk to Flemington, and has since been exercising. Too Too was one of the most seriously hurt, and as she remained motionless for several minutes it was thought she was dead, but she gradually came to, and on being assisted to her feet was able to hobble to Mr. G. Davis's stable, which is close by the course. Claptrap is another whose injuries are of a serious nature, and he will not put in an appearance at the V.R.C. meeting, but I am glad to hear he is improving very fast. Kingfish did not escape scathless, and he still shows the effect! of the accident A lot of twaddle has been talked about the dangerous nature of the course. As a matter of fact the Caulfield track is quite as safe'as that of Kandwick. There are few courses in Victoria where 41 horses can compete in com fort, none certainly in New South Wales. Even at Flemington, one of the bestcourees in the world for a large field, there would be some danger in starting 41 horses, but for tunately it is seldom tint such an immense body of horses face a starter. Since Mr. Bond came into office as secretary his great aim has been to improve the running ground at Caul field. Every year has seen some addition, and before the next Spring meeting the course will be made as perfect as possible. It is a lucky circumstance, perhaps, that the acci dent occurred at a point where there was; room for 50 horses, because had it taken | place at one of the tpms there would then j have been some grounds for taking exception j to the course. The public and owners oi horses may rest assured that the members of the V.A.T.C. desire to reduce all chances of accident to. a minimum, and those racing men who declare that they will never again run a horse at Caulfield because it is unsafe Anight just as well refuse to contest a race upon auy course except that of Flemington, j for it is the only one in Australia thai is superior to it. . The friends of the jockeys injured in the Caulfield Cup will be pleased to hear that they are progressing favourably, and that there is every prospect of a recovery on the part of Cracknel! and M'Grath. Although many owners last Saturday failed to get a line for the Melbourne Cup, more than one fairly tested the capabilities of their horses. For the great event of the; V.R.C. Grace Darling has incurred a penalty, of 71b., which will bring her weight up eo 7st. 121b., or 21b. more than she carried to; victory in the Caulfield Cup. and as she finished like a real stayer why shouldu t she id! important part in the arama to be ! at- Fiei: 'ngton? Britisher ia&fc; have. 1 riven Mr. JUu-jhlin some estimate of.Sheet ? Ancl. vr s capabilities. It is said, that the i Tatmiuiiaa-tiedhorse can easily .eetUe ths ] pretensions of thfe son of Jolrn Bull over fujgrj I cHhUu:co, a rumour which receives some chelation from the support awardfcattr mtia by his owner and friends. That be can stay we had ample proof, and if lie nave a real good horseman upon bis back he niay avenge bis defeat in the Australian Cup, which at one period ot the race looked a good thing for him. When Coriolanus loomed up at the turn, I thought it was all over, for he has more than once won over a long course, the Champion Stakes and lat tereall's Cup to wit. What a lengthened career has he had on the turf. He was one of the first ot Tubal Cain's descendants sold by auction, was trained for the Maribyrnong Plate, and . here we see him an aged horse running into a place for a fast-run race lake the Caulfield Cup. On this running Kit Nubbles, who beat him so easily at Elsternwick-park, should have somethiug to say in the Mel bourne Cup. Winchester ran so well until he fell that he must.have a rare chance of paying his way in Victoria, and if Thun derbolt be his superior, as is generally sup posed, then the Derby prize may be taken to New Zealand. I've a preference for the son of St. George, and when he is thoroughly wound up I think we 6hall find him a first class colt. Hilltop seemed to be running ! very fast at the finish, and we may see fi® some day displaying form equal to that which bo showed in New South \\\ales. What Prince Imperial, Plausible, Tom. Brown, and Lord Exeter would have done had they stood upon their legs it is im possible to say, but one of the quartette would, I think, have been returned the winner, and it will not surprise me in the least to see the Melbourne Cup won by one oE Mistake has been purchased by Mr. J. D. Robertson, and the speedy son of Dante has joined the Kingston string. Mr. G. Glasscock has sold Distiller to Mr. J. Leek. . , , , . ,, Maurice Griffin, who is now located at tue Cheltenham Hotel, has again commenced training, having leased a St. Albans mare from Mr. E. Weeks. Griffin trained Welling ton when he won the Derby and Champion Stakes, and Columbus when he won the Australian Cup and Town Plate, so that he knows his business thoroughly. With next week's edition of The, Aus tralasian will be presented a coloured supple ment containing an excellent portrait of the celebrated jockey Tom Hales, and several sketches incidental to the turf. _ Hales is represented in the blue and white ot the Hon. James White, and the artist has been most successful in his portrayal of the popular jockey. I may mention that tue country edition, containing the latest news from the various training grounds and the prophecies for the Derby and Cup. . obtained on Thursday at the office of this *°There should be a good attendance at Messrs. Yuille and Co's bazaar at Fieniing ton on Friday next, when Mr. De Mestrea yearlings, the Bundoora-park two year ol& and Mr. D. S. Wallace's lot will be disposed of. Among the Terrara yearlings there are many very highly- bred youngsters, and there will be some spirited competition for some ot them. There should «ome rare bargains amongst the Bnnd^tS tot*, ft* they all come from good families. -oMhe sound looking wer.r and tear sort One seldom sees a grander colt than theuon 01 tubal , Cain and Caste, and Calumny has never had a liner colt than her eon by Angler. A co.c by Angler from Ace of Hearts looks like a rucin^ gentleman, find others V»y 1 ubsil Lain from^a Shell, by Angler from Fortress, by Tubal Cain from lie-petition, and by the same sire from Lady of Lin tie and Crumbs are rdl strong useful-looking colts. lhe number only two, one from LiUihnc and t*ic other Topaz, which is sufiicieuc recommenda tion in their favour. Tbe recent successes or The Diver's stock will cause attention to be turned to Mr. Donald .Wallace's contingent. Kit Nubbles and Grace-Darling are both uy The Diver, and there is a full brother to the former that ought to be worth buj ing, to say nothing of the other well-bred animals to be Jl"Tjeacon'' o£ the 0«X?o THf/ifs*, has for warded a copy of his Turf W,1TJ contains a most carefully-compiled account; of the past season's racing in I\ew Zealand. From a glance at this use tut work 1 should say that racing is in a very prosperous con dition in the southern colony. The brood mare Melesina, by Maribyrnong from Paramour, by Indian Warrior, bad to be destroyed on the 15th inst. She was found in one of the Mathoura paddocks with her hock smashed and her thigh dislocated. She was all right on the previous day. and it is not known how the accident happened, but it is supposed that she slipped np whilst galloping about Melesina was & very line mare, standing nearly 17 hands, and at the time of her death had an Alarm colt foal at ^Scyllahas joined Tully's string at Flemiug t0(jn Saturday last Lurline, the dam oi i Darebin and Prometheus, presented a hue colt foal to The Marquis. Another distin guished little stranger is a colt foal by Argus I Scandal from Lady Ellen. This is a fu»l brother to Plunger. Mr. W. Brown informs me that Talkative has a filly to Napoleon. The friends of Mr. George W ntson will be glad to hear that he was well enough oa Saturday last to take a drive to Caulfield and see the Cap. Mr. Thomas Henty, who had only' just recovered from a serious illness, was also present, and Mr. John Crozier, with his broken arm and shoulder in splints, also managed to get round from Adelaide to see the great event of the V. A. T.C. Should the Hon. James White start Nordenfeldt for the Derby-and I sincerely hope he will-the held wilj be a very strong one. The blue and white will probably be carried by two representatives, and even should the AJ.C. Derby winner be an absentee, New Zealand interests will be well cared for by Winchester and Thuuderbolt The former gave ua a taste of his quality last Saturday, and though he was, 1 feel satisfied, beaten when the accident took place, it was only becau-e be was not strung TIP to coucert-pitch. There was no better-locking horse in the pad{ fuid the style In which he took the field xsg was sufficient r-ropf of liis ability to gallop. . Anting Tvew ?:. inH"y it is the general qrfoiov. tUatThr* 3 his master, and^ii ibis be sb isict ?. year olds will have to- koi ; .(h: ?' laurels. First Chester *\ OS ? ... New Sooth Ww* vc.ooej\ tot wit ? - ' . : n sectionof theBO r- .-... ; more p6pular.tm>n >?o;de.nfelSfc ,.* ) ^ been doing '80'; well fiitiira be ' Guineas hi>. fricftds boglr.t . V"' agaiiv*tod shotVs, HinKfasater * ? :-u see bii > :u::-snfe» a <;i; ifSouih Australu.Juw flve&ttn;*.' .rs' .mhiidihir eennesciiUUvv ;Uas, Tsoi fixate liiv' r ai &£,? and » likc- v weU -1* -V £ ft UMiqrr races in which he will have much lighter weights to carry, but should he stand wind ing up his owner niiiy finally make up his mind to send him for the great three-year-old event, Mr. T. llennison ln\9 a Btronsi, use ful-looking colt in lronrace, by Tubal Cain from Caste, who has been trained at Mor dialloc, and his sporting owner tells me that lie intends starting him for the Derby. He iB a big, pood-tempered colt, likely to require a tremendous preparation, but I doubt if he lias had it. and we shall not see the best of him until the end of the season. The AVil liamstown stable will send one representa tive, I suppose, but First Prince is one of the doubtful division, albeit he is a very fine colt, and should pay his way this season. The public blindly rush on to Nordenfeldt, though Mr. White threatened to scratch him if he fov.nd that Uralla or Monte Christo was good enough to win. I don't think cither of the latter pair has much chance of appropriatethe blue riband of Victoria, but even with Nordenfeldt a certain starter I should be dubious nbout accepting such short odds as 5 to 2 about him. The lield he lias to meet is something different to the weak lot that opposed him at Randwick, where so li:tle was he thought of that 5 to 1 went bepying. Next week I shall endeavour to select the winner, but though I still have a preference ior Nordenfeldt, it he Btart, I'm not nearly kd sweet upon him as I was at llandwi;:!;, where he had a lot of non-stayers to tackle. Admirers of the Maribyrnong Plate are anxious lest its prestige should be dimmed by the many two-year-old races that precede it, and even in the interests of the throughbred. as well as the great two year-old nee'of the V. R.C., they suggest that there should be no race i'or juveniles until October. It is hardly likely, however, that now the New South Wales folks have es tablished early two-year- old racing, they will care to revert to the old system without giving it a fair trial. Notwithstanding the numerous defections from the ranks, I think there will be afield of 20, and, for my part, I ?should be quite content if no larger field ever started. The fact is Acme didu t win easily enough at Caullleld to frighten Victorian owners, and I'm quite sure the Caulfield division believe Louise Derta is her mistress, fjir William Clarke may start his whole fleet, and Lamond'e three are so good that he, too, will probably go with the lucky number, while there are others not at all dismayed by the performances of Acme, or the private re putation of Phillip Augustus. If Uralla were not in the Oaks, the "ladies' race " would be a most open affair, but with the daughter of Chester well it looks like a moral for her. I'm not so certain, how ever, that Mr. White's filly may not go off a bit after the first day's racing, and shouldshe do so it should be worth Lamond's while to get even the moderate Magnifier over. Percussion, I thought, was engaged, but on consulting the list I find that she is not 'J'hi3 omission must have been an oversight on the part of the owner, for had she been eligible to carry the blue and white, Uralla*6 presence would not have been altogether essential to victory, for the Musket filly is, I vhiuk, quite capable of holding her own with tue others. Mr. Cox has made great preparations for tl e reception of his patrons at Moonee Valley this afternoon. Since the last meeting held there he has made extensive alterations and improvements to the course, and grandstand and hill enclosures. On the course the abrupt rise down the home stretch has beep cut away, and the dip at the turn and the hollow in front of the stand have been filled up, so that with the exception of the hill past the winning post the track is now almost level. The home turn has been greatly im proved, the alterations having increased the distance of the track by one chain, the course now beim; seven and a half furlongs and nine yards. The hill has been improved by cutting the face off it, and filling up the low ground near the grand stand ep- . cioaure, BO mat tnere is now^ r 20,000 peop'.e in /,or ground aloue- " -bortl°'1. of . tlie enl"*io..Y'« iiic weighing yard has been ..urged, and the fence has been extended to the back of the judge's box, 60 that the judge, stewards, and other officials will have no difficulty in getting back. The track is in excellent order, and though the newly-marle ground has not a thick coating of gross, the other portions of the Valley course are most luxuriantly clothed with an emerald mantle. As. it is the prettiest of all suburban courses, and the programme to be run through this afternoon contains the Moonee Valley Cup, there is bemud to be a monster attendance, provisionally that the weather be fine. It is ticklish work venturing a prophesy about Moonee Valley events, but I fancy REPOSE or PrRErrE should win the All-Aged Stake ; DONCASTER ought to appropriate the Ngar veno Stakes; and Pnnius, SCARAMOUCH. and ACE should iill the places in the Selling Race. The Cup will attract a very large field, and tf'HANTOM, BOHEMIAN, MERRIMU, and DR IMSIOK may fight it out for the places. I like GBANVILLE and KULKYNE in the Steeple chase ; and HONORA, DEIIIBION, and AXABCHT in the Phoenix Handicap. After the accident at Caulficld, M'Grade lost a diamond ring from one of his fingers, end it is believed that it was appropriated by Borne scoundrel while pretending to assist the injured jockey. Nicholson's diamond pin also was missing. Mr. Barnard was on time with the weights for the V. R.C. meeting, and having recent running before him was able to put the horses together in a satisfactory manner. Off Colour beads the list in the llotham Handicap, and next to him comes Tom Brown, who will probably be reserved for the Cup. Among tnose down to 8st I like nothing better than Chuckster, and below liim Comet, The Andes, Minerva, andSignor. In the Coburg Stakes Chuckster, Dirk Hatteraick, Wing, Lavington, 13igrior, Jocular, Tcinpe, Bohemian, Mentmore, Recall, and Phaon all look well upon paper; The four top weights in the liurdle Juice strike me as being us well in as anything, and Mistake. Student-, Gasaller, Ravens worth, t.ad r.r ;ii.t should aleo have a chancp. . V * ' will win die. no mishap, Vymlet, Bob all seem to .ker will be . >le to get to > regret to Bay tition. A^ck\».nd an -uikets death {?.VNiyii tnoa-i! M Cooper, t, have ucb' The fr: fjleased U Kirk's iia, lit' FfiP St? . A scor nottiK'd M'is top tut v*ter t1i ' <??' J i evening, a GStajjieid *%£<.<w.l :tnd'"IMg i>%\, being , r " ai.d a-verat . Mid S!u?» <H the Caulfield accident several owners forgot to nominate. A'elocipede having been leased to Mr. J. Patterson, of Kensington, the horse lias gone into S. Mahon's stable at Flemington. St. Andrew Im9 joined Kelly's string. As Mr. F. F. Dakin required sometliing to work with Arsenal, Gasburner has joined his string, and Trishna has gone to Caulfield to be trained by Sir. R. Gray. The NVilliamstown events have filled very well. No less than 28 have been nominated for the Hurdle Race, and there arc 23 in the Steeplechase, and 29 iu the Truganina Stakes. All who have horses engaged in the Mel bourne Cup are reminded that if forfeit is not paid by 4 p.m. on Tuesday next they will be liable for the whole of the stake. Those who, have horses encaged in the Derby will also bear in mind tnat, unless they scratch by 11 a.m. on the day before the race, they wll be liable for the full amount of sweepstakes. King Charles, by Talk o' the Hill from Pirate s Daughter, is announced to stand at Boxhill at the moderate fee of four guineas. Full particulars of the railway arrange ments for the Cup week will be found in the advertising columns of 'The Australasian this week. Donald Nicholson at the time of his death was 24 years of age, having been born in Scotland in 1SGL Three years later his parents came to Australia, and took up their abode at Ballarat, where the tiny Donald learnt the rudiments of his profession under the tuition of Mr. Robert llowie. He soon began to show an aptitude for the business. Tiie first race in which Nicholson's name is returned in the Turf Register is the Comer Handicap at Ballarat, in which he rode Mr. King's Thalmosa, and carried 6st 61b. I then find him figuring upon the back of Mr. Howie's Dred in the Ballarat Midsummer Handicap, but he failed togetaplace. He next appeared at Majorca, where he won his first race on Mr. n. Webber's Lady of the Lake, who carried 6st., and won the Majorca Handicap. At Ararat he carried off the Rail way Stakes on Dred, with whom he won other races. By this time Donald had fairly got into the good graces of his employer, and travelled with his horses to the various country meetings. In 1876 lie rode Mr. Howie's Mermaid in the Heller Skelter at the V. 1!.C. autumn meeting, and I fancy this was his iirst appearance in the metropolitan dis trict. Subsequently he entered the service of Mr. E. de Mestre, and won his first race at Randwick on Mr. A. Town's Tradition, who got home a neck in front of Dilemma m the Squatter's Stakes, run at the A. J.C. Spring meeting of lS7t>. Reluming to Victoria he had the mount on Nunnykirk, who ran second to Troy in the Hotham Handicap, and was on Tradition, who ran a dead heat with Deacon in the Darling Stakes, but was beaten iu the run oft. He rode Timothy when he finished third for the Melbourne Cup, and Calamia when he ran second to Sibyl in the Australiau Cup. Nicholson was now recog nised as one of the rising lightweights of Australia, and was eagerly sought after by owners of horses, and few meetings in New South Wales took place withoutthe "midget" appearing in somebody's colours. From Mr. be Mestre's he went into Mr. Thomas Ivory's service, and in the colours of his new owner he was successful Beveral times with Sweetmeat aud others. He was Masquerade's pilot when he won the Metropolitan, and was particularly successful in the A.J.C. Epsom Handicap, which he won five times. For the lion. James White he twice steered Morpeth to victory, in Tattersall's Cup and Anniversary Handicap, won Tattersall's Cup on Tom Brown, and two of his most recent successes were on Lantern in the Goodwood Handicap, run at the S.A.J.C. meeting, and on Normanby in the Sydney Qmw "til was not particularly su/M£.~v"i toria, 11 and wick hei*^*£*1T "nT As a jockar.'T^fa\ouriteground. f(VV}Ur Ayne had few superiors, having ? L .iinds. was a eood iudsre of nace. and a I most determined linisher, one of hie most ! artistic triumphs having been achieved upon Normnnby when he eat down in pursuit of Vclocipede, caught him, and beat him in the last few strides. Having watched Nicholson lioiu his boyhood, I have no hesitation in saying there was 110 better-behaved jockey in or out of the Baddle. Several times he met with serious accidents, and only a few weeks ago at a small meetiug in the sister colony he was nearly killed, but delicate though he was his heart was in the right place, and no matter how numerous the field might be he was always ready to take, advantage of any opening that might present itself. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. have received instructions to dispose of the train ing stables, cottage, &c;, of the late Ilichard Rowe. The sale will take place on Thursday next at the Btables, Malvern, and on the same day they will sell lloderick Dhu, and portraits of .Sussex, Larrikin. Quicksilver, Robin, and Sheet Anchor, upon whose backs he gained numerous eucc?sse& The same firm, on the Cth November, will sell, at the City Horse Bazaar, a number of well- bred mares, and horses suitable for India, and on the 18th and 19th of November they will officiate at liairnsdale, where they will sub mit to auction no le38 than 150 of Mr. Alex ander Smith's Lindenow horses. Dr. Lern priere has always been famons for the excel lence of his trotting horses, and as he shortly leaves for England, be has instructed Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. to sell the wholeof his stud, consisting of 30 trottera. The mares have visited such celebrities as the imported Americans Len Rose, Von Moltke, Boccaccio, aud Ajax, and those who are fond of the trotting horse, should not lose sight of this sale, which takes place on Wednesday, November 4.. The respective owners of Lady Ash ton and Studley held different opinions respecting the possible result of the Steeplechase at Cauhield had not Mr. Miller's gelding in terfered with the mare. Mr. Pearson ex greased his willingness to make a match for £1,000 aside, and eventually offered to lay £1,000 to £900, but the owner of Studley ex pressed himself averse to making a match for so large a sum. lie, however, was quite prepared to come to terms for £300 aside, and at one time it was thought that a match would have been made for the two horses to ran under similar conditions as on Saturday with the exception th^t the brush hurdle should be removed. It was stipulated that each owner should hare till Thursday at 3 p.m. to decide, and at that time Messrs. A. and E. Miller, on behalf of their brother, were prepared to go on for £300 aside, but Kr. Pearson refused to run for less than £1,000 aside, as the mare had valuable en gagements, in which her trainer, Mr. H. Connolly had an interest. The matter there *5®pell through. gates, booths, outer carriage paddock, aua rlfcUt tp eeii refreshments at the forth ? spnHg wieeting of the Victoria Racing W^ill be disposed of by Messrs. Camp *.». form since he came here that the lion. James White determined to send him home, and he started overland on Friday morning. This is another blow to backers, for the colt was very freely backed for the Derby, and also in doubles. Malone, who had a nasty fall while riding Despatch in the V.A.T.C. Hurdle Race, had hid face disfigured, but he seems to be all right again. Mr. Bond informs me that the profits on the late V.A.T.C. meeting will be about 30 per cent above those of last year. Scratchisos.-V.R.C.-Derby Stokes - Nellie Far rcn, Cairo, Algerian, Fenisidc, I&go;, Favo, Childere, Derision. Melbourne Cup-Clarendon, Calma, Astrsea, Espcigle, Happy Thought, Commotion, Vcrgy, Wil loroo, logo, Little John. Monuatch, Snip, Mad cap, Lantern (Hainb'e). All Engagements-Coronet, Claptrap, Monte Cbristo, The Andes. 