NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIA- MENT. . In the Assembly on the 2nd December the debato on the address in reply to the Governor s speech, and Sir John Robertson's amendment thereto, was resumed by Mr. Want, who said he would have gladly refrained from taking part in the debate but for the unfair tactics of the Opposition. lie did not, however* attribute any unfairness to Sir JohnRobertsouor Mr. Garrett, who had met them fairly. It was, however, not only unfair, but unconstitutional and unstutesman- Uke, to make an elaborate attack upon the conduct and policy of the preceding Ministry the grounds of want of confidence in the present, as a reference to Tod's Parliamentary history of the time Mr. Addington succeeded 3lr. litt would show. It waa there laid down tbat the Houses should have waited a reasonable time in order to judge Ministers on their merits. That was what Mr. Want claimed for ihe present Ministry. As to the personal attacks upon himself, Mr. Abigail, whom he would take first iu order of demerit had accused him of being elected by a majority not equal to the number who personated at the Gundagai election. [Mr. Abigail: No.] The information was obtained from a paper against which there was now a verdict of ,£700 recorded for gross and wilful libel. Mr. Suttor had said it was reported that he (Mr. Want) was not bound hand and foot to the preseut Government. What he had said was that he was not bound hand and loot to the measures of the last Government; but ho was prepared to support them. The case of the Opposition against the Government was unfair, because there were only three members of tbe old Ministry in the present, and only two of them had been attacked. Sir John Robertson bad made a direct charge upon them in reference to thein. He made no charge against them in finance about Sir Saul Samuel, and other things excluded from Sir John Roberto's speech, and consequently Mr. Dibbs ly replied to the direct charges of Sir John, who fixed the battle cry, and the ground on which the combat should take place. But after Mr. Abbott had finished speaking, and silence and dismay waa apparent' in the Opposition as they saw their battle cry useless and their fUg hauled down. Then a complete acrobatic performance was executed, and when only tbe now chums of the Ministry were left to answer charges, all sorts of accusations were made. Mr. Parkes attacked them on fiuance, Dr. Wilkinson because a personal friend had not been appointed to the Upper House, Mr. White because the Goment had shifted the banking account from the Bank of New South Wales. Sir Henry Parkes made^ a Jong list ot complaiuts, abuse,' and suffering directed from beginning to end against Mr. Dibbs, when that gentleman's mouth was* closed for answer. Every other Opposition member who followed these tactics of indiscriminate attack was most unfair. He (Mr. Want) had a particular right to complain that this should be called the old Ministry. At the same time not one of them desired to repudiate the acts of the oil Ministry, and Mr. Ruid was iu error if he thonght there was. If Mr. John Davie?, Mr. Suttor, Sir Henry Parkes, and Mr. George Thornton had beeu chosen in this Ministry could it still have been called the old Ministry ? Sir John Robertson and Sir Henry Parkes had been virtuously indignant over what Mr. Bolton and Mr. Fitzgerald had said. As to the accusation of Mr. Bolton's eating his words he (Mr. Want) had listened the night before to the barefaced rnauner in which Mr. Hey don had eaten his previous words as to the late Government and their Lind Bill, whom he had supported through thick and thin until after the second reading of tbe Land Act. It was complained of tbe Land'Act that it required amendment. The Act of 1861 (Sir John Robertson's) required amendment 12 times. [Sir John Robertson: Iu 20 years.] Mr. Hcydon's statement that he left the Stuart Ministry when he found they were doing things in regard to the Lwd Act that would not bear the light of day ; would not hold water, for every amendment in the Land Act after the second reading was in favour ol the selector. Mr. Want defended the action of Mr. Dibbs in changing the Government account from tbe Bank of New South Wales, and asked members to believe him, saying that no. one could at present tell whether a'loss had been sustained by the transaction or not. He also defended the changing of the rates ol interest on the loans from 4 to 3^-per cent, which had been done on the advice of the ablest financiers in Eogl&na;, and would result great advantage in the future. He denied that Mr. Dibbs had treated Sir Saul Samuel improperly, which. Mr. Dibbs could have explained had he had an opportunity. For himself, he thonght that up to a certain point Sir Samuel had.been properly treated, and gentlemen in the position should obey their instructions. Sir Siul Samuel had deserved the treatment he received, and no improper motives had been imputed to him ; but he had allowed the brokers to prevail on him, weakly trusting that they -were giving him good advice. 'He was dircctod to reply to some improper attacks by the Standard, but replied that, advised by the bank and brokers, he had not done so. The papers did not show that the brokers who advised him were the bank ; brokers. On the contrary, it seemed a3 il these brokers were the gentlemen who held so much of the previous loan.' When the Bank of England had offered to advance ,£1,.'500,000 at 3A per ceut., with permission to fliat the loan at 94, a mistake in the telegram had made the latter figures £4; and-it was no wonder, therefore, that under the ell-Gums'.ances Mr. Dibbs should have declined the offer made by the bauk. Sir Saul Samuel, too, had refused to treat as confidential communications which he had been instructed to treat as such. It had been alleged that the present Government were not the right people to amend the Lind Act. They might as well expect to get figs from a bramble bush as to get good amendments of the Land Act from Sir John Robertson. Sir Henry Parkes had been absent from the colony when the Liud Act was being passed, and useful amendments Could not be expected from him. Tbe late Chief Justice and Mr. Darley had said that the Land Act of 18G1 should have been burned by the common, hangman, so fruitful of litigation was it Mr. Want at some length criticised the Land Act of 1861, and defended tbat ot 1684. In reference to an accusation by Mr. Heydon, Mr. Want said that every amendment to the Land Act shadowed by Mr. Slattery at Burrowa, and mentioned by Mr. Abbott in the House, bad been cirefully discussed and decided on in Cabinet before the meeling of free selectors' members. Sir John Robertson would repeal every portion of the Lind Act of 1884, except those which he could not help leaving untouched. His speeches and his letter when Mr. Harley was contesting St. Leonards' election showed this. What then could they expect from Sir John Robertson if tbe Land Act of 1884 was handed over to him for amend* ment 1 In conclusion, Mr. Want accused the Opposition leader of simply striving for the loaves and fishes of office. He warned members not in direct opposition not to be carried: away by the false issues which have been raised, but to think of the issues submitted by Sir 1 John Robertson, and on these not to condemn the Ministry without a fair trial. He demanded members' votes as a matter of fair play alone. He demanded for himself and colleagues the opportunity of showing whether they were fit to administer the affairs and promote the progress of this great colony. Mr. O'Connor (Mr. Waut not being present when Mr. O'Connor began to speak) commented on the absence of the Attorney-General ; but he refrained when Mr. Want took his seat on the Treasury Bench. He regretted, not the presence of Mr. Want in the Assembly, but the tone and character of his speech. If he wanted to make name and character for himself, be would have to dissociate from bis present dangerous companions. His speech showed that he was defending men convicted of some crime, but recognised the gravity o! the situation in the dignity of his surroundings, Mr. Want had reproved the Opposition because they had gone beyond Sir John Robertson's indictment of the Government on the Land Act. Mr. Dibbs bad previously complained that Sir John Robertson had confined himself to the Land Act, which he termed a matter of history, and of the amendment of which he gave no indication. What, then, became of Mr. Want's statement that tbe amendments of the Land Act indicated by Mr. Abbott had been discussed and agreed upon in Cabinet before tbe meeting of free selectors' members ? Mr. O'Counor maintained that the present was a continuation of the iniquitous Stuart-Farnell Government. Ho described the condition of land legislation in New South Wales before 1861, and maintained the great good accomplished by that Act, as well as the claims of Sir John Robertson to be considered a specialist in land legislation. He condemned the flippancy of Mr. Want in treating of these things, and the uncultured attack of Mr. Abbott on Sir John Robertson. Duiing the debate nothing had been too mean for Ministers to resort to in order to damage the characters of those who were endeavoring to vindicate the honor of the country. Tbe Land Act of 1884, it had been promised by its authors, would briug into the Treasury between £1,500,000 and i2,000,000 a year. Mr. Abbott, a week a40, said that they should not look to the lauds as a source of revenue. And Mr. Abbott was right; the revenue from the Act would not pay the cost of ite administration. Mr. O'Connor, at considerable length, condemned the Lind Act of 1684 ; t.he conduct of the last Government it its passage ; and his own action in reference to it. tie animadverted on the treatment of Mr. Farnell by the present Government. He insisted tbat the late and present Government were the servants of the squatters. In reference to Mr. Reid'a sneers at Sir Henry Paikes's poverty, be reminded that gentleman that he was not content to write about a humble stream, but wrote about the great ocean. Neither gentleman was or would be a poet, uor would their productions be worth 5s. a ton. But Sir Henry Parkes, who had been foremost in the public life of the colony, had thrown nwar his opportunities. The people at the last elections had said plainly that Mr. Dibbs should not be Premier, bat they had equally said that the man who was tobe Premier should rise above sect, and should govern for mankind. It was on these points that Mr. Reid should have attacked Sir Henrv Parkes. But if Sir John Robertson took officc, the country would have confidence in the greatness'and lofty justice of bis administration. He challenged- any man to say that , he opposed Government from a desire to obtain office. He would support any Government tbat were men of integrity and justice. Office should be the reward of ability, and should only be obtained by men for their services and ihelr capacity, lie regarded the present Ministry as the continuation ol Mr. Stuart's Government; and this Mr. R;id had proved conclusively. As such he (Mr. O'Connor) opposed this Government. He did this though several of its members were his personal friends, and stood as high as possible in his esteem. But they had allied themselves with the most corrupt Government tbat had ever existed in the country. Not 20 of the members returned at tbe general election had dared to uphold the Government action with regard to Mr. Wright j and the appointment of Mr. Badgery as Minister of Works was worse eveu than Mr. Wright's case. The people of the country had condemned the Standard paint aud tbe barbed wire business. Tbe iniquities of the Tammany Ring in America were nothing compared to what would have happened under the fostering care of the Stuart-Dibbs Government. He had one clear duty before him, namely, to give his vote to displace the Government. It would be for the House to say who should succeed them. If men came in they did not like tbey could displace them. In voting to displace the Minis ry bis chief was Sir John RobertsoD. and tbey had some occasion to be proud to sec tbat gentleman whose sole wealth was his magnificent reputation back in the House, and ready, if tbe Government were displaced to take office. There were cries of Divide." % t Mr. Levien thought, in reference to Mr. O'Connor's speech, that they had heard tbe same from him for the la6t seven years. Mr. Levien humorously and sarcastically criticised tbe speech previously made in the debate by Mr. Ncild, but was called to order, when he designated bim " the Parliamentary masher from Piiddington." Mr. Ntild had been astonished at the comments made npon him in the Daily Telegraph, but had explained it to him (Mr. Levien) b}r saying tbat the writer and he, when boys, had stolen fruit together, had quarrelled over its division, and had never spoken again. He thought most of the measures which the Government proposed to introduce would be found satisfactory to the country. In the Insolvency Bill they would have the benefit of the valuable assistance ot Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Lloyd. When Mr. Suttor charged the Government with cowardice he mu :t have seen the ghost of Mulhoi land. Mr. Suttor bad blamed the magisterial appointments of the Ministry ; but forgot that his Government had made the barber at Goulburn a magistrate. It was humiliating to Sir Henry Parkes to have to play third fiddle in the Opposition orchestra. He derided the sympathy of Sir Henry Parkes for Sir John Robertson. If Sir Henry was a sporting man, he would put off going to the races to attend the funeral of Sir John. Sir Henry Parkes had advised the electors of St. Leonards to put in the devil instead of Mr. Dibbs, and the electors bad responded by putting in Old Harry. Mr. Levien gave a history of the caucus meeting of free selectors' members, and defended the honesty of Government supporters as compared with those who supported the Opposition. Mr. Abbott's recent speech had converted into his supporters his most bitter opponents at the late election. He himself had. been returned as a supporter of the Land Act, and would support the present Government, whose condemnation, without giving them an opportunity of bringing down their measures or explaining their finances, he thought unfair. Mr. O'Sullivan was not there to turn the Assembly into a school for scaudal, but to give a reason for the faith that was in bim to serve New South Wales and to introduce politic3 into the House. He believed in true government of the people by the people and for tbe people. He did not recognise in the Government people capable of giving them this, and he would vote against them, letting tbe land question guide him in the matter. The colony was too rapidly drifting in the direction of Ireland and land monopoly ; and if this waB produced under the new law the old law intensified the evil. The L*nd Act of 1884 gave everything to the fquatters, and there was very little land left now to select npon. Though the present Government had rid themselves of Sir Alexander Stuart and Mr. Farneli, they were the same Government that passed tbe Land Act. Whilst giving Mr. Abbott credit for his promised amendments, be could not, as a free.selectors' member, accept them, to vote for Government, as they merely resembled a Barmecide's feast. Outside the land question he saw no bold and vigorous policy in the Ministry. There was no payment of members, the keystone of the democratic arch. There was no progress in education. The' University was kept a close preserve for the sons of tbe rich. There waa no consideration for the agricultural industry. The day will come when protection would be tbe policy of the country. Nature taught us that New South Wales should be the workshop of the southern world. There were loud cries of " Divide." Mr. Hammond wished to.give reasons for his vote. He would vote for the amendment, but for reasons other.than that given by Sir John Robertson, which was the Lind Act of 1884\. That Act, he thought, was the work of the previous Parliament, nod no heritage of tbe present Ministry. Undoubtedly it required amendment. He did not see.that puttiug out the present Ministry would prevent the Act being properly amended. Whoever took the Government's places would have to sul ject themselves to the control or Parliament. He looked upon this Government as identical in every respect with that of the past. If it were not eo, a Government, after committing all kinds or faults, might prorogue Parliament! reconstruct, aud thus disembarrass themselves of all faults. And the present Government, when speaking of the past Ministry, always talked of " what we had done." The Premier, at Wagga Wagga, said the Ministerial policy was prepared. Now all the bills bore the imprint of Sir Alexander Stuart. The cry was raised if Government were defeated who would take their places. The same cry was raised during the last days of the Parkes- Roberteon Government, but when they were beaten there was no difficulty about their successors. He would like to know who was responsible for the attempted diversion of the Ill&wara; railway. He blamed the late Minister for Works (Mr. Wright) whoBe action bad caused an enormous loss of money. The Governor's address promised the construction of 1750 miles of railway that included the Graft on-Glen Innes railway, which had passed the House by a small majority after the use of extraordinary influence, and it had only passed the Council by the casting vote of the chairman. The lines from Sydney to Bathurst Sydney to Goulburn only cost what was proposed to spend on the Grafton-Glen Innes line. He was strongly opposed to that line, and would turn out ell the Governments iu New South Wales sooner than have it constructed. But now it was proposed to construct further a line from Dubbo to Coonamble, and from Narrabri to Walgett. He wanted to know what had become of the St. Peters to Liverpool loop line, and why a band of surveyors bad been kept sixteen months surveying different lines of ratlway over a distance of twelve miles, He condemned the dump-car business, about which Mr. Dibbs had broken a promise. He also protested againBt Hudson Brothers' contract, and the principle of accepting public cootracts without competition. Worse, however, was tbe paymeot made to Hudson Bros., after Mr. Wright had stated that there would be no payment until the work was completed. The Soudan expedition, fortunately,did not proceed to a ruinous extent; but that was no credit to Ministers. He bad voted for the cost of the expedition to eave the credit of the colony, but opposed the expedition and promised to support a vote of censure on the Government for it. In accordance with that promise, he would now vote against tbe Ministry. The thing had been done in an autocratic way. He did not stand there as a party man, but he advocated the principles of good government. He blamed tbe Government for nearly doubling the indebtedness of tbe country, which had been obtained in a costly manner. There was no security given by the inscription of stock, and no magic influence about it. The loans would have been floated through tbe Bank of New South Wales at a gain of .£414,252 as contrasted with tbe cost of floating them through the Bank of England. The change in the rate of interest from 4 to 3£ per cent., too, caused a loss. He would vote against Government with a clear conscience, not voting for party but for the interests of the country. The Government had done things in tbe past in an arbitrary manner, encouraged by having only a weak Opposition. Mr. Lysaght, though he had condemned the Government when elected, had no faith in the Opposition, and recognised that the Government were not now those in office when he was elected. He would move as an independent member on this and on every other question. Taking a constitutional view, he would leave things as they were, and vote in favor of the Government. Mr. R. Barton thought the House bad divided itself into two personal parties. Tbe squatters were all, to judge by the Opposition cry, rascals. There were quite as honest and capable men who were squatters as those in Opposition, though they arrogated to themselves all the patriotism and all the virtues. Sir John Robertson's speech in moving his vote of want of confidence, consisted mainly of castigation of a new member. Mr. Barton supported the Land Act of 1884, which he declined to put Sir John Robertson in a position to amend. That Act was calculated to settle yeomanry on the land In a way the Land Act of 1861 was never calculated to do. It was not usual for men of g iod business habits to appoint their enemies their executors or trustees, and therefore it would not do to put Sir John Robertson to administer tbe Lind Act of 1884. What a mockery would that be I Sir Henry pArkes had said that the Land Act of 1884 should be wiped out of the statute book of New South Wales. What an admirable administrator ol the Act he would make as a colleague of Sir John Robertson ! There was no man in whom as an administrator of the Act the country had as much confidence as in Mr. Abbott, and it would be little less than a national evil and a public calamity if anything came to disturb the even tenor of that Act. For that reason he would vote for the Government. Mr. W. J. Watson evinced a desire to address the House, but yielded to the lond and repeated cries of " Divide." The division was then taken amidst considerable excitement, the numbers being—For the motion of want of confidence 56, agaiost £8. The motion was, therefore, declared lost by 2. The following is the division list AYES, 66. Robertson Gbiran Moore Born* O'SulHvtn Clarkr, W Smith. It B. Wisdom Cot tor Foster Tonne O'Connor Deydon Shepherd Kenwick Itosi Darles Kidd Sutherland De U. Brown Smith, J. F. Ioglle Garland Clarke, II. Judd Hawthorne Chanter Tait HcDson Spring: Wilkinson, W. C. Gould Parkei, V. Garrard Lee Forsyth Smith. S.) T r f l < l M Flctcher Abigail Burdektn J A C" C" Parkes, H. Hammond. NOES, 58. Want Sawers Gorroly Dibbs Taylor, B. Thompson Jennings Bowman "oillns Abbott Fitzgerald Bolton Lyne Lloyd, L. Hyam Slattery Coon an Dny Lysaght Ferguson, D. A. Ewlng Baker Hogao Barton, It. Quia Humphery Stokes Purvee Campbell Held liutcher Ferguson, W. J. Young, J. D. Barbour Scott Wilkinson. B. B. Smith. T. E. Stephen. S. Williamson Hayes Tarrant Ives Copcland Tarcctt M'Grcgor Toohey Olliffc * ' M'Culloch Burke fceftlte)™-- Cramsle The announcement of the numbers was received with loud Opposition cheers and waving of hands and handkerchiefs, and cries of " Resign." FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4. In the Assembly Mr. Dibbs, the Premier, rose and said that he trusted the House would pardou him for an omission on his part on the previous day in failing to notice the untimely death of Sir Peter Scratchley, The deceased gentleman had been connected with tbe colony for many years, and had taken a very active part in supervising the defences of the colony. He thought it due to themselves that they should take some notice of his death. He moved, by the consent of the House, that the House records itB sorrow at the untimely death of Sir Peter Scratchley, and expresses its condolence with Lady Scratchley in her deep affliction. The motion was carried unanimously. Sir Jonn Robertson moved that the House at its rising adjourn until Wednesday, tbe 9th inst. He repeated his previous arguments against the Government and against the press, which lie said was inspired by the Government. He would move the motion, but he would be glad to withdraw it if tbe Premier was willing to meet the house in the matter. Mr. Dibbs assured the House that the financial statement could be made on tbe 15lh inst., and that the necessary noticcs wonld be given on the 9th inst. Mr. Garertt and Sir Henry Parkes conciidered that tbe financial statement should be made on the 11th inst., whether tbe Colonial Treasurer was ready or not. The motion of Sir John Robertson was carried. Sir Henry Parkes then rose, and asked if the Government were going to allow the business of the House to be taken out of their hands. He pointed out that when a similar motion, moved by Sir John Robertson, was carried against himself, he resigned the next day. Tbe Government must have consented to the motion of Sir John Robertson in a fit of madness, and it could mean nothing else but that they wanted to continue in the enjoyment of power and place. He contended that the Premier was now holding office in defiance of the constitution. The Government ought to be impeached, and brought to the block, if the House had- power. He moved the adjournment of the House. Mr. Dibbs replied that the Government intended to rest their case entirely upon the financial statement. Mr. Copeland contended that Sir Henry Parkes had not acted fairly in quoting the case of hie resignation, when a motion for adjournment was carried againBt him, without quoting the surroundings. At the time in question two previous motions had been carried against the Government, and tbe case quoted was not a parrallel one as against the present Government Many members of the House were prepared to give the Government a fair trial upon their measures. He thought that the Opposition were showing undue eagerness for office, and he claimed fair play for the present Government. The House adjourned shortly before 10 o'clock until the 9th inst. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9. In the Legislative Council this evening Mr. Thornton, the Minister of Mines, drew attention to tbe death ol Sir Peter Scratchley, and moved a resolution similar to that passed by the Assembly. Mr. Dalley alluded in feeling terms to the high character and great ability of the deceased general, and the serious loes which the colonies and tlie Empire had sustained by his death. The resolution was agreed to. In the Assembly Mr. Dibbs, the Colonial Treasurer, announced that it was his intention to deliver his financial statement on Friday. The intimation was received with cheers. Mr. Inglis drew attention to the ravages of phylloxera, and appealed to the Colonial Secretary to take some action in the matter. Mr. Garrett took the same view, and said a few hundred pounds now would suffice to stsmp out the plague* Sir Patrick Jennings assured the House that tbe matter had engaged the attention of tbe Government, who had quarantined 15 acres of vineyard?, which was all that was known to be infected, and that would probably prevent the spread of the disease. If it were found nrccssary he would take heroic measures, and trust to tbe House afterwards for indemnification. Several Bills were introduced and read a first time, including a bill to amend the criminal law by the abolition ot the punishment of whipping. The Minister of Justice, in answer to a question, said that the Government intended to introduce an amended Licensing Bill this session. The House adjourned till Friday (to-day), when the financial statement will be made. 