EOHOBS OF MELBOURNE. (Br Te GIIOHT.) The martial ardour which a week ago blazed throughout Victoria from the Mur ray to the sea has quite subsided under the dopressing influence of the announce ment that at the expiration of six months the military authorities in the old country would "consider the offers " of Canada and the Australian colonies: Six months hence people will have had time to think, and to realise that services grudgingly accepted, and then only as a matter of favour on the part of the recipients, cannot after all be worth tendering. According to the aphorism, the woman who hesitates is lost, and so with Ministers. Mr. Service after his first burst of " gush," which induced him to follow on the track of New South Wales, began to count the cost. He had the fear of Parliament before his eyes, and Parliament might not have been disposed to be sentimientally patriotic. And so while Mr. Dalley acted and tendered the services of New South Wales Mr. Service dallied and lost valu able time. Which of the two statesmen is now the happier may, however, be it matter of speculation. If the volunteering for the Soudan had no other good effect it has at all events the merits of having fir the time quite diverted public attention from the annexation question, and given people something to talk about, and newspaper scribes something to write about besides New Guinea and the New Hebrides, mercies for which all should be duly thankful. Moore tells us that "spring would be but sorry weather if we had nothing else but spring," and nothing but Papua and Samoa and German aggression, served up day after day in ponderous leaders, was just beginning to become a little wearisome when the patri otic offer of New South Wales afforded another string upon which gossips and journalists could harp. Ere these lines are in type the Australian contingent will have sailed for the seat of war, and be un dergoing that rocking in the cradle of the deep by means of which Neptune exacts his toll from "all who go down to the sea inships." Many of Australia's "heroes" by this time present anything but a heroic appearance. Mrs. Taylor, a lady disciple of Malthus, who, thanks to the police, has had her occu- pation and residence advertised so effect- ually throughout the colony that every deluded female who has loved " not wisely but too well" is as familiar with Waxman's cottages in the Richmond-road as with the Melbourne Town Hall, has again been placed on her trial for successfully pre- venting the addition of another unit to the population of Victoria, with the result that for the third time during the last twelve months the jury have acquitted her. Per- haps it is entirely in accordance with "the eternal fitness of things" that the proceed- ings in cases of this kind should prove abortive. Any way, Victoria is not likely to suffer any diminution in her population while she has in her midst ladies who, like a Mrs. Matthews, present their liege lords with three infants at a birth. Statisticians have busied themselves in finding out how often this dire affliction is sent to fond fathers, and have ascertained that while the odds against twins are 111 to 1, the chances against triplets are 12,706 to 1. Actuaries of accident assurance companies ought to be able to calculate to a nicety what amount of premium parents should pay in order to entitle them to receive a given sum on the occurrence of the unfor- tumate contingency. On similar occasions in the mother country her Majesty the Queen invariably presents the happy parents with five guineas. It remains to be seen whether the Governor, who repre- sents royalty in the colony, will follow the example set by his Imperial mistress. Some curious revelations in regard to the conduct of the guardians of the peace in lelbourne were made during the hearing of a case in the City Police Court a few days ago. Proceedings were instituted by the authorities to root out one of the dens of immorality with which the vicinity of Lonsdale- street cast unfortunately abounds, when in the courseof the enquiry it transpired that constables in fulluniform might frequently be seen enjoying an al frasco dance on the pavement with the priestesses of Yenus, whom, in the execu tion of their duty, they were then appear ing against. The soft imputation was not denied. The mere wearing of a blue uniform evidently does not place a man beyond the allurements of Terpsichore or the Paphian goddess; but the disclosures made in regard to the conduct of our seven shilling-a-day guardians of the peace not unnaturally suggest the old question, Quis custodlic ipsos cusiodcs ? Melbourne is at the present moment crowded with visitors, who have arrived to be present at the Autumn Meeting of the V.R.C. Some of the best known members of the bookmaking fraternity were, during the races, conspicuous by their absence. Some of them are "piling up the agony" consequent on the Coota mundra railway accident. The king of the ring, Joe Thompson, as the privileged intimes of the great man designate the proprietor of Don Juan House, has already sent in a claim for £5000 as some slight solatiusm for his six weeks confinement to his domicile, his broken ribs, and his loss of business. The Strong embroglio is for a time settled. His friends and admirers have secured the Temperance Hall, and there on morn and eve of every Sunday he will conduct service. The reverend gentleman has been guaranteed £1000 for one year, as hopes are entertained that some modus vivandi inay ere that time be found by which he may once more occupy his old position and re-enter the fold of orthodox Presbyterianism from which he is at present excluded. In April next, however, when Mr. Strong's pulpit will perforce, in accordance with the law and usage of Presbyterianism, have to be filled, the unfortunate quarrel will, unless a great deal of mutual forbearance is shown by both sides to the dispute, be renewed with increased bitterness. It was reported during the week that the whole of the Victorian police intended to volunteer for the Soudan. It is hardly necessary to state that the report is devoid of truth. The rumour originated owing to some members of the force having been heard to say, in reference to instituting a prosecution for selling opium against a Chinese merchant, thlat they intended to proceed to sme Ah Kim. hMarch 6. " War don't you call in aphysician ?"is the common interrogatory propounded to almost every patient labouring under some trivial affection. The result is, the physiciauis summonoed, medicines aread ministered, and often more real hurt is done than would elsewise accrue from the ailmuent itself. Now, if the paticnt would only consult his reason and accept from ex perienes such a prescription as Udolpho Wolfe's Schiodam Aromatic Schnapps, much suffering would be savedand ex pensive bills avoided. 