Xhe nominations for tiie Rockbampton and Port Coitis Handicaps were made at the end of last veek, and are very satisfactory, being in excess of those received for some years past The preseiniiVcantaina twenty-seven name! in atefa race, sad it is pleasing to notice this nnuibei iiuiLStuito no fewer than nineteen owners. Among the prominent racraginen of Queensland, the only stable not represented is that of Mr. James Williams. Uessrs. Mooney. M-Gill. Finnic, Jost, Ponatasy, and other well-known sootfaem sportsmen have all nominated two each. Amnnjr mmera nearer ^**™. I notice the names of Messrs. B_ Lyons, B. Ross, P. Dm% Morgan .Brothers, Dslzell, tc Weights are prootisea-ontbeiSthMay, andltmst they wiH'be''*6 arranged' u to induce a large Bomber at owneni to send their horses to Ttostoacfct, or aorae other cause, has had rathar a bad eOsct on. the Bnrlrhaniptnn Sires' Pndaaa Stakes of 18S7. the Coals for which srniiaTriharia few days since. Only ten foals .havebeen described, and fire of these an \fcoam Mew South Wales, from mires owsad. by -Mi. F. Bevnolds, and served by The.Bruianer. Messrs. Hatfield Brothers havetamtotts by The Bake, one oat of the GoUaUasudijn&re; Decoy, and the other out otl*Bdle. Mr. A.Knuuignames two by Chtcftaiav«lie out of Vesper, and therefore hall brother to Velocipede, and one ont of M.-T'(1' Air. W. H. Kent's hay colt by Epigraaa oat of Iilla, closes the list. Oa* bandied and ten mares have been ~~. — -i-j for tne Rockhamptnn Sires' Pro duce Stakes of 1888. These have been stinted to twelve diSerent sires, viz., 25 to Newbold, IS to Maribymong, 12 to Respite, 11 to Melbourne, 10 to Mistletoe, 10 to SpeoaAataon, 8 to Foiborough, 6 to The Bxkaj, -S to Forerunner, 3 to Chieftain, S to Maortfaorpe, and 2 to Orphan. Such a list most 4le 4wtm4 very satisfactory, more partiemlarh/-ias many of the mares named are of superior quality and breeding to the bulk of those nominated in past years. By way of comparison, I may mention that last year only-67 mures were entered, representing From M Hermits ' notes in the Sportsman I see' the farnurite doubles for the coining Cop and lTareton Hsndicsp races are : — CsstawayandCastB-way, Careless sad Careless, and Sir Joshua and Sir Joshua at 1000 to 30 (taken) ; whilst Sarabonda, in conjunction with other horses, has fonnd several takers at 100D to 20. From the same source I learn the following nags are doing good work at the 'Farm':— Sir Joahua, Castaway, First Water Adamantea, Malvern, Morion, Friend less, Acrobat, The Don, tc. In referring to a sale of blood stock by Mr. Sum Harding, ' Hermit' says : — A sale of thoroughbred horses, by Sam Harding, took place at Tattersall's yards on Monday last, when several lots changed bands. Amongst the yearlings a well grown colt by the imported Blink Boy, out of a Yattendon mare, was the highest priced one, being knocked down at 53 guineas, and a bay colt by King Cole, out of Fratemite, was cheap euough at 52 guineas, but to my thinking the cheapest lot Bold was the colt fay Newbold, out of Sound, who was knocked down to Mr. Boae at 42 gdineas. He is not a big one, but looked as ™iu*h like racing as anything in the yard. A taking looking youngster by Kpigram out of Coquette was passed in at 58 guineas, ajid the auctioneer stated that a hundred was his price. A very forward, well grown colt by John Bull, ont of Sagacity, was also p* tt'^ *'. tiie reserve on him l**-tur 80 guineas. On Saturday last the ?*'*'?* meeting of the South Australian Jockey Club was com menced on the Flemincton racecourse. It was continned on Thursday, and will be con cluded to-day. -o far the meeting has been attended with very f»ir success. On Satur day the First Hurdle Race brought five to the pout, and after a Bplendid race Sir Patrick -(list. 12 lbs.) iron by a neck from Old Soul (9 St. 5 lbs.) and Echo (9 Bt. 10 lbs). The St. Legcr »as left to three com petitors— TLe Broker (Gotdsbrough— Melody), SUver King (First King — Seuorita), and Sandal (Winterlakc— Instep). After » fine race The Broker robbed Silver Ki)tg of his third St. Leger by a bare held, rime, 3.21}. The Goodwood Handicap induced a fine field j of twenty to start. At the finish lantern (6st 121 be.) won easily by three lengths from Lord WQton (7et 5U».) and The Ghost (7st lllbs.), in 1.44. Only the placed horses started for the Sires' Produce Stake?, Joanna winning easily by three lengths from Remus and The Teacher. Time, 1-20. Thirteen started for the Victoria Handicap, which Pyrette (Sst Tibs.) won by half a length from TnliMiripx (! Meander), and Honors (7at. 71bs.), in 49| sees. BarttTu races commenced on Thursday, the weather being showery. Navigator won the Trial Stakes very easily, and Sir. Graham's GreyBldn, who always runs like a good one, defeated Wombat very easily for the Publi can's Purse. Can-lwa won the Ladies' Bracelet. To-day an amateur race meeting will be held at Gympie. The prizes offered are not particularly huge, but no doubt the sport will tie of coosidfiraJblft local interest. The Toowoomba Amateur Club announce that their annnal meeting will be held on the 14th August next. A list of events has been arranged with added money amounting to £200. September 2 and 3 are the days chosen by tile Cairns Jockey Club on wuich to hold their tTmiml race meeting. More than half the horses nominated for the Brisbane Cup and Moreton Handicap have «^*'*li*n*-^ to accept. Many of those scratched really had good cause to be dis satisfied with their weight, notably Glescoe, Goldfinder, Medusa, Wheatmeat, and Ada mantes. As I stated when the weights first appeared, the handicapperi! started much too high to give the top weights a fair show, and I shall be surprised il more of those at the head of the list do not decline before the day arrives. It is satisfactory to see the general entaries ore good, and -f-nf'ann**n*^y a successful meeting may be predicted. The following are the acceptances : ? HOBXTOX HANDICAP. st 1b st lb Elslnotc .. .. 10 i nrat Water.. _. 7 4 PRafam — .. S s Adam ,. .72 Bioter ? 0 7 Cosaaet .. ..7 0 w»^iaf-. .. .. g 3 *im»m . e 12 Velox ? 8 8 Qiaaby .. .. 6 10 LornUsgar .. ..8 8 Acrobat ... ... ft 9 Idneer .. .. « * Olem .. 6 7 Friendleaa _ ..8 0 Qusmbooeaon .. ' « 7 Sauhmda .. ..7 12 Outanj .. ...6 5 llenyjlf .. ..7 12 Bingtet .. ..6 3 Caleb* .. ..7 9 Wetberoudsfe ... 6 S SrJoanaja .. _. 7 S BB1SBAKS CUT. aclb atlb Preatoo .. _ t I Cknleas .. ._' 7 7 Kioto ? g 5 nretWaler.. ..7 2 Lotnllagar.. ..8 7 Adam.. ? t u Petrood .. .. 8 - Cosoek ? « 11 Veloi .. ..8 0 rauical .. .. 6 - lancer _ ..8 0 Oranbr .. .6 9 FrienJJeai .. .. in AngdCni .. ..6 8 Pin1-!'** .. ..7 8 Qnambooeaon ... 6 7 Herryjle; .. .. 7 H Castaway .. ..0 4 Halran ? 7 8 WetnemuUk ... 6 1 sirJoahua .. ..7 5 The annnal tnw-Ung of the Surat Jockey dab took place last week, and resulted as folloan :— First Day:— The Shorts: Beuia min, 1 ; Abdallah, 2; Statewnu. 3. Trial Stakes: Yakba, 1; Ughtfoot, 2. Jockey Oub Handicap: Vestal (7st 10 lbs.), 1 ; Myrtle (7 st 2 lbs.), 2 ; Gift (6st--. 3. Prince of Wales Stakes: Fly, 1; Jackaroo, 2. Town Plate : Benjamin, 1 ; Zut, 2. Second Day ;_ Maiden Plate : Harkaway, 1 ; Light foot, 2 ; Rupee, 3. Warroo Division Welter Stakes : Blucher, 1 ; Settler, 2; Quitter, 3. Novel Race: Settler, 1; Mnstapha, 2; Exchange, 3. Flying Handicap : Gift, 1 ; Myrtle, 2 ; Vestaj, 3. Consolation Stakes : Zut, 1; Statesman, 2; Myrtle, 3. Hurry Scurry : Comet. The «**''' events on the y-wglinh turf have commenced, and the race ? for the Two Thousand Guineas was run at Newmarket on Wednesday last. The result was a win for the favourite Paradox, better known, per haps, as the Casuistrv colt, being by Sterling out of Casuistry. Mi. Gerard's bay colt by Kisber out of Cbopette was second, and The Child of the Mist (Blair Athol— Ma Belle), third. Paradox only ran twice as a twoyear old, winning the Dewhurst Plate very easily, and running a dead heat with Royal Hump* toD for third place in tbe Middle Park Plate. Paradox will prob&bly; be one of the grcatebt favourites for the Epsom Derby that ever started. Hie following item, written by one of Sir Peter Lnmsden's staff, at Penjdeh, to the Calcutta Eaytixhmaii, will be interesting to Australian horse breeders and others : — ' The horses of the II th Bengal Lancers are in capital condition, although they have had nothing bat dry grain and bhooea since they left Quetta. It may interest some of your readers to learn that the young walers {i.e., Australian bred horses) piirchased by this regiment in Calcutta have proved themselves if anything better able to undergo the changes of climate and the hardships of the march than the country-breda. We have not yet come across anything p&rticnlArly; *»lrj»ig among the far famed Turkoman horses. I think that travellers in these parts have been a little too lond in their praises of them. I would infinitely prefer a third-rate waler to the very best of them that 1 have seen.' The following is from Fvjaro -. — Thatveteran and genuine sportsman, James M*GUI» has just added a splendid horse to his stable, in the shape of an Epigram colt out of Lilla. The dam was a good performer in her day, and was generally considered one of the best mares the late Sir J. P. Bell possessed. The breeding of the colt, which is a bright chest nut, is undeniably high class, as the strain I runs through Silver Koi, Legend (dam of ' Legrand), Pompey, Velocipede, and other great borees. Judging by bis present looks, and rare fettle, this colt promises to add another well-deserved laurel to the Orange rtcon.e. M*Gill has also another chestnut yearling in bis stables by Epigram, out of his w til -known Mid favourite mare. Sunrise, the winner of the Brisbane Cap in 1877- Both of these yoanevterB are bound to give a good account of niemaelvea in any events for which they mn. 11*631 has always been known as 1 a true lover of the turf, not for money, but ! for the honour of winning with horses that 1 have been kept under his own eye, and have ' ran to win *' whenever fit to do so. All the rest of M*G ill's horses are in good form, and will make their mark in any of the fcrtb coming events in May for which, they are Following are the acceptances for the Q.T.C. Derby, to be run in November next, and nominations for the Q.T.C. St. Leger of 18S6:— Q.T.C. DEBBV, 1SS5. T. Souwby's Bunminite C h. Palne'i Coutaace A. F. CortkV-j Zenobim t bu. Baker-* P«ri J. Finnic'* Golden Stone J. Finnic1- My lUn T. Bnyford'ti Bt-edio J. P. Josf-cbx. J. P. Jtwf ? bite i.V. Jo«t'» bi. Q.T.C. ST. LEQER, 18S6. C. H. piinVs brX Coustuice, ituibyrnonfiSpiD J. F^nie's cb.c Golden Stooe, Kewbold-Lidy E*Jd-vin J. FinDie'ij Itfc Mf Han, Kewbold-Uknd T. sowmrhg'm rfi-c. Bammit^ Bine Colt— Lemnal A. Court's ixc Zambia, Glorioiu— Neadle Chas. Habei'x chX Peri, Melbourne— Ptueb* W. H. Kent* s bi\c Argyle, Laureate— Cadeta W. H. Kent's bx. Froude, Newbald-UInerra J. WUliiuns' bt. Emotion. Melbmune - KTpwtiHnn J. Williams' bi. Zaba, Uelbourne- Zeleoa J. P. Jobt'edLiZ. Zibba, Enientu -Encore J. P. Jost's I.-E- Zabtw, Epigrun- Encore J. P. Jtwfa txf. Zabb, Epienra-Gnce T. Bnyfotd'E chJ. Re-«cho. Exccdor— Echo. Twenty-seven nnTninafariTiB of «TTa.rpp were received for the Mares' Produce Stakes of 1SSS, none of which were from Rockixampton. BdJC« Lift in London is now published daily. Lord Falmonth, the prince of English sportsmen, has been seriously ill, but at last accounts was recovering. Commotion has been thrown out of work and will be treated to the epell he should have had after the V.R.C. autumn meeting. The racehorse Santa, Glaus, who ran second to Darebin for the V.E.C. Derby, died the other day at Caulneld. An exchange says : — Fred Archer is 28 years old ; Tom Cannon, 39 ; and George Fordhamt4S. Velocipede and Inglesidea are both in Vic toria. 'Hipparion' has beard that Velocipede has been -sold for £1250. It is «aid Fred Archer was offered £2000 to atop in America to ride one race. Fred, how ever, preferred to cross the 'henioffpond' and pass the season, in England, He rides Helton in the Epsom Derby. Vkso. 