[?] Camiola: A Girl witli a Fortune. By Justin' M'Cartiiy. Author of ' Miss Misanthrope,' ' Maid of .Athens,' &c.; Chatter XVII.—1 'BUT THERE REMAINS A SCRUPLE.' Camiola had gone home! . Mrs. Pollen £e turned to her music-room, and, according to her custom when alone there, was playing on her organ. She was delighted at the result of her experiment thus far. She thought she had brought Camiola to a point from which the girl could not dr« back. How the engagement with George Lisle was to be got rid of Mis. Pollen did not know and did not mnch care ; but she was determined that it must be got rid of one way or another. Her interest was all in Camiola and Romont; . she had the poorest opinion of ueorgie, ana was not in the slightest degree concerned about his feelings. 'With full recognition of Mrs. Pollen's many generous and some noble qualities, we cannot profess to believe that she was rigidly scrupulous as to means when once she had convinced her- . self that her ends were all right. The music-room was but faintly lighted as yet. The twilight had not wholly faded from the skies, which could be seen through the small uncurtained windows. Mrs. Pollen, absorbed in her music, did not hear the door open or see her Albanian come in. She started when she heard his voice in the dim light, The voice spoke in remarkably good English this time, although with much emotion. ' Is 6he gone ?' The voice, we need hardly tell any reader, was the voice of Albert Romont, although the complexion was still the complexion of Albanian Joseph. ' Well ?' Mrs. Pollen asked, exultingly. She had risen from her scat at the organ, and was coming towards hini with both hands held out. ' Are you satisfied now ? Was I right? Do you begin to see your way at last r' ' Look here,' Romont said, passionately ; ' I can't have anything more to do with this ; it seems a dreadful thing— ' we two to find out all about this girl's feelings — it's like acting the part of a spy. I won't play at this game any more.' ' Isn't that being a little too scrupulous ? Have you not a right to know how the girl feels to yon ? Have you not a right to save her from a fate worse a thousand tunes than death to a girl with such a heart and brains and soul? Death ? 'Why what is death to any woman with spirit enough to make her worthy to live F' ' Still, I can't do it any more ; I feel as if I were doing something which would wound her to the heart if she came to know.' 'What about the wound to her heart when she is married to that young man and finds 6he has to live a long life with him, tied to him, chained to him, and knows she never, never, con love him ? What about her heart then ? Stuff and nonsense ; Bertie Romont, you talk like a child. If I were you I would cany her off by force rather than let her sacrifice herself to him. Yes, I would, and, more than that, I would kill her ; I would,- indeed, kill her with my own hand rather than let her give herself up to him; and I should feel certain that I had done a good and a righteous deed. Oh, you men; what spiritless creatures you are !' ' But I so love her,' he pleaded ; ' I so adore her. I hate the thought of hurting licr feelings. Evcty moment I sec her or listen to her I only love and admire her all the more. You don't understand, and you couldn't understand how'I feel ; there is a sort of terror in my love, I am so afraid of offending her. You see a woman can't feel to a woman as a man docs. You can't have any of the sort- of goddess notion about any woman ; but men con— I can. I feel to her sometimes as if she were a sort of divinity.' ?' All right,' said hire. Pollen, coolly ; ' I am very glad. I don't think any the worse of a young man because he is a little crazy about a girl. The fault I find with you is that yon are not half crazy cnongh. But, anyhow, my very sensitive and scrupulous young man, don't your scruples come rather late? There is nothing more to find out, is there ? You can't pretend to have any doubt on your mind a9 to the state of her feelings now ?' ' Oh, no, I can't have any doubt now. If I had only known, or thought, or guessed before ? But what is the use now ?' ' There was no watching nor spying needful on my part Mrs. Pollen said ; ' I knew it all before. I suspected it from the beginning. I knew it just as soon as she did ; the very same moment that told it to her told it to me. Later on she tojd it to me herself.' ' Told it to you herself P' ' Yes ; I gave her to understand that I had found out her secret, and she didn't deny that I was right — she couldn't ; she has been in love with yon this long time, but not so long as you have been in love with her.' Romont looked at her with quick surprise. ' How do you know that ¥' he asked. ' How do I know anything ? Because I use my eyes and my senses. You were m love with her the very first day you saw her. The moment I saw how your eyes rested on her, even when you did not yet know who she was, I felt sure that you had found your fate, in the matter of love making at least; so far as^ that sort of work makes up a. man's fate. I tried you with one or two questions as we were driving away— as we passedGeorge Lisle on the bridge, and even before we saw him; and your answers made me quite certain that I was right. I dare say you didn't know it yourself then ; but I did. I didn't find, her out until the might we saw her stooping over him and kissing him.' ' But surely that ought to have made you think she was in love with him. It made me think so : it made me sure of it. I made up my mind to leave England at the first possible moment — after that.' ' Men are so dull in these affairs. As if a girl kissing a - young fellow whom she had known like a brother — a young fellow wounded, who had just fallen in a faint under her very eyes — as if her kissing him was any proof of her being in love with him ! ' ' Well, but anyhow it surely wasn't any proof of her being in love with me.' Mrs. Pollen smiled. ' Directly, no, indirectly, yes ; yes. The moment she saw you your name came out in a cry from her lips. I saw the way she looked at you and to you and then away from you; I saw that for the moment doe was only thinking that. you must have seen her kiss him, and then 1 bnw; 'IT told her so that very night.' ' Then, in the name of heaven, my dear, kind, and mysteriously-gifted Mrs. Pollen, why on earth did you not tell me?' ' My dear, kind, and by no means mysteriously-gifted, but on the contrary remarkably dull and stupid Mr. Romont, why should I have told you anything at all about ' it?' ' Since yon professed to be my friend and her friend,' he said gravely ; ' since yon are so anxious now to save \- her and me from a life of wretched and cruel mistako — ' ' I don't know that I had professed any great friendship to either of yon at that time, although I did like you both ; but in any case how was I to suppose that a young man who appeared to have plenty of spirit, and haddonc all sorts of |£mky thiiws for people he neverspoke to, would venture pnflriqg- to find out whether the girl he was in lore with was inlorewifhhimP HtrwwasI to suppose that you would quietly let the matter drop ? How was I to suppose that ! she would never make the slightest use of her eyes to ] encourage you ? If I were she, I would have contrived with one little quiet lialf-glancc that her mother, if she were living, might have seen and failed to understand — I would have contrived to make you understand that you were wel come to say something to me. No, though*; I am not so sura. about that: I doubt, after what has happened, whether I could have made you understand ; but I would have tried.' ' Oil, .but she wouldn't ; shd couldn't do anything like that,' lie said hastily. ' Thank you very much ; such a nice graceful compli ment to me 1 She couldn't do such a dreadful thing ; no, of course, not; but I could.' ' I didn't mean that.' ' Well, no matter ; I forgive you ; I quite admit that there arc things I would do and your divinity would not do. But to come back to the point. How was I to suppose that you would have acted so absurdly as you did, botn of you ? Of course, I wasn't gcing to betray the girl's secret to you, or to any man alive.' ' But you have done it all the same,' he said. ' Yes, I put you in the way of finding it out, certainly. But I wasn't going to say to you, Dear good generous young man, take pity on this young woman who has fallen in love with you, and if you are really in love with her piythee be kind enough to tell her so.' ' Well, we have muddled it among us.' ' Excuse me ; we have not muddled anything ; at least, I. have not muddled it. You and she may nave done a good deal of muddling between you ; but I have not. I nave done my best to counteract the effects of your muddling, and wifl still do it.' ' What would you have me do now ?' ' Go to her, go to her at once, this minute ; and tell her all. Tell her that you are in love with her, and that you know she is in love with wou.' ' And she will say I am too late ; she will say she is pledged, and promised, and engaged, and all the rest of it, to Lisle.' ' Tell her she must break it off. Tell her she shall not marry him. Don't hesitate or allow her to think for a moment that you would hesitate. Prevent her from making herself unhappy just as you would prevent her from throwing herself out of the window. I suppose if you saw her going to throw herself out of the window you would not scruple about putting your aims round her waist to hold her back ? Take my word for it you would do a much kinder thing to a girl like Camiola if you were to let her throw herself out of the window than if you were to allow her to marry Georgie Lisle.' ' We don't live in the days of young Lochinvar, Mrs. Pollen,' he said; ' I wish to heaven we -0d. I wish I might' take her up on my saddle and gallop off with her. But I am afraid Camiola, ' he felt his cheek grow hot as he spoke out her name in this way, ' is not the sort of girl to stand being carried off in that kind of way. And, then, don't you know, I am very much inclined to believe that she will think I have played her a shabby trick by getting her secret out of her in this wav — this absurd disguise. I didn't think of it before in that light, but now it does seem to me an awfully mean thing to have done.' ' ' There!' said Mrs. Pollen. ' I might have expected this. I put you in the wav of knowing for certain that the girl you love loves you; and my thanks is to be told that I have done a mean trick, which a woman of better bringing up would despise. I wonder any woman ever goes into any sort of en terprise with a man. Why, you pitiful creatures don't seem to understand even the principle of honour among thieves. Since Eve was fool enough to try to please her shabby hus band things were always just hke that, Tory good, Mr. Romont; I have my* reward. Settle the matter for yourself.' 'No; no; don't be angry with me,' he pleaded; ' I didn't mean that or anything like that, but what was only kind and friendly of you to think of for our Bates, hers and mine, may not have been quite right for me to do.. You see she's not a woman of the world?' ' Well, well,' Mrs. Pollen Baid, impatiently, cutting him off in his explanation, ' nevermind about an that. I don't care whether you include me in your vote of censure or leave me out of it I am quite willing to admit that both you and she are far too lofty in yonr natures and too refined in your scruples fortius rough world altogether ; and I don't feel myself by any means at home in such very superior company. Perhaps after all she had better marry Georgie Lisle. The boy is a very nice boy, in his way: and I dare say she'll get to be awfully fond of him, in time. Anyhow we can't do anything more, can we ? Now to come to a practical matter, what is to become of my Albanian Joseph? Does he disappear from this moment, and how am I to account for his coming like a shadow and so de parting ? Must I say he' was a mere ghost; or shall I give out that I have packed him off to Albania again ?' 'As if it mattered,' Romont said; 'as if you or I cared about that! Come, Mrs. Pollen, don't be angry with me ; I can't stand it ; I must have you for my friend and on my side. You see how outspoken I am with you. I don't keep any of my thoughts from you.' 'All right,' Mrs. Pollen said. 'I am not easily offended, and 1 am veiy easily appeased. Now, about your scruples. Must vou tell' your divinity the part you nave played?' ' Oh, yes,' he answered quietly,, but very firmly ; ' I could not keep that from her. If 1 tell her what I know I must tell her how I came to know it. Why, the whole strength of my position is that I know it from her lips, almost. Yes, it was really from her own lips. But in any case I would tell her.' ' Must you tell her now?' ' Now ? Why, of course. At what other time could I tell herif not now r' ' After,' Mrs. Pollen said coolly. ' After what?' 'Oh, you most stupid young man ; after you are mar ried, to lie sure. It would be all right then.' Romont positively coloured lite a girl. ' Oh, no, that would never do ; that would be a marry ing under false pretences. Besides, I think it is very, very doubtful whether she will ever many me at all. She isn't like other girls.' ' No girl ever is,' said Mrs. Pollen. ' Ever is lite what?' ' Ever is like other girls. At least, I never yet heard a man admit that the girl he was mashed upon was one hit like other girls ; and I never knew a girl who would admit or believetiiat she was lite other girls. Well, you must only throw yoursfelf upon her mercy. I wouldn't if I were you ; butthat's another matter.' 'What would you do ?' ' Tell her that I loved her, and that I knew she loved me, and that we were to be married, and not listen to a single word to the contrary. Show her that you meant what you said and were the master. I wish I might do the lovemaking for you.' ' No, thanks,' Romont said, with a brightening smile. ' I mean to do my lovemakiiig all for my ' Very well ; but do it.' No one could have been more surprised than Romont himself if he had been told that while he was arguing with Mrs. Pollen he was not perfectly sincere. He thought he was sincere ; he believed that he was giving expression to the truest feelings of his heart. But the moment he had left her, the moment he found himself alone, then the real feelings broke out and overwhelmed all others. In the sublime egotism of the lover he yielded himself to the mere rapture of the thought ' she loves me ; she loves me ; come what will she loves me ; nothing can ever alter that.' He did, indeed, feel alarmed and a little ashamed as to the part he had played ; ashamed on his own account, alarmed at the thought of how Camiola might take it. He felt a little like another Claude Mel notte playing off a shabby trick at the expense of a beau tiful and innocent girL He began to think he had no more right to find out her secret by means of his mummer's dis guise than he would have had to act the part of a spy on her or to open' her letters. How would she take it ? Mrs. Pollen, of course, was absolutely unscrupulous in such a matter, and could hardly understand Romont' s scruples ; hut would , Camiola take that view ? Sometimes he felt certain that die would not — that she would resent the trick played off on her. ' All the same, he was determined that fhe must know it. But for that, he thought, she might be | induced to break off her engagement with Georgie Lisle ; the disguise and the discovery would make her pause, he feared. ' Still she loves me,' he told himself again and again; 'she will never marry him.' 