JEALOUSY: A True Tale of Modern Life. CHAPTER XIII. Next morning Mr. Peyton was up betimes in his character of Host, and ordered the servants about, , and was in high spirits ; only they gave place to amazement when Griffith Gaunt came down, anc j played the Host ; and was in high spirits. Neville too watched his rival, and was puzzled at his radiancy. So breakfast passed in general mystification. .Rate, who could have thrown a light, did not come down to breakfast. She was on her defence. She made her first appearance out of doors. Yery early in the morning, Mr. Peyton, in his quality of master, had ordered the gardener to cut and sweep the snow off the gravel walk that went round the lawn. And on this path Miss Peyton was seen walking briskly to and fro in the frosty, sunny air. Griffith saw her first, and ran out to bid her; good-morning. Her reception of him was a farce : she made him a stately curtsy for the benefit of the three faces glued against the panes; but her words were: incongruous. 'You wretch,' said Ehe, ' don't come here: hide about, dearest, till you see me with E ather Erancis. I'll raise my hand, when you are to cuddle him ; and fib. There, make me a low bow, and retire ' He obeyed, and the whole thing looked mighty formal and ceremonious from the breakfast -room. ' With your good leave, gentlemen,' said Father Erancis, drily, ' I will be the next to pay my re- : spects to her. With this he opened the window and stepped out. Rate saw him, and felt very nervous: she met him with apparent delight. He bestowed his morning benediction on her, and then they walked silently side by side on the gravel ; and from the dining- room window it looked like anything but what it was — a fencing match. Vl'mM M J. i.1. . I " » t - maimer x-xttucio wua Liiu wju htbu to orea& eiience. He congratulated her on her good fortune, and on the advantage it might prove to the true Church. Rate waited quietly, till he had quite done, and then said 'What, I may go into a convent now, that I can bribe the- door open ?' The scratch was feline, sudden, and sharp. But alas, Eather Erancis only smiled at it : though not what we call spiritually-minded, he was a man of a Christian temper. ' Rot with my good will, my daughter,' said he ; 'I am of the same mind still, and more than ever. You must marry forthwith, and rear children in the true faith.' 1 What a hurry you are in.' 'Your own conduct has made it necessary.' ' Why, what have I done now ?' 'No harm ; it was a good and humane action, to prevent bloodshed; but the world is not always worthy of good actions. People are beginning to make free with your name for your interfering in the duel.' Rate fired up. ' Why can't people mind their . own business ?' ' I do not exactly know,' said the priest, cooly ; 'noriB it worth inquiring: we must take human nature as it is, and do for the best. You must marry him, and stop their tongues.' Rate pretended to reflect. 'I believe you are right,' said she, at last ; 'and indeed I must do as! you would have me ; for to tell the truth— in an unguarded moment — I pitied him so — that I half promised I would.' ' Indeed !' said Eather Erancis. ' This is the first I have heard of it.' Rate replied that was no wonder ; for it was only last night she had so committed herself. 'Last night!' said Eather Erancis; 'how can that be? He was never out of my sight till we went to bed.' 'Oh, there I beg to differ,' said the lady. ' While you were all tippling in the dining-room, he w=s better employed; making love by moonlight. And, oh what a terrible thing opportunity is; and the moon another. There ! what with the moon light — and my pitying him so— and all he has suffered for me — and my being rich now, and having something to give him— we two are engaged. See, else: this was his mother's ring; and he has mine.' 'Mr. Neville?' 'Mr. Neville? Ho. My old servant, to be sure. What, do you think I would go and marry for wealth, when I have enough and to spare of my own? Oh! what an opinion you must have of me.' Eather Francis was staggered by this adroit thrust. However, after a considerable silence, he- recovered himself, and inquired gravely, why she had given him no hint of all this the other night, when he had diverted her from a convent and advised her marry Heville. 'That you never did, I'll be sworn,' said Rate. Eather Erancis reflected. ' Hot in so many words, perhaps ; but I said enough to Bhow you.' ' Oil!' said Kate, ' such a matter was too serious for hints and innuendoes : if you wanted me to jilt my old servant and wed an acquaintance of yester day, why not say so plainly ? I dare say I should have obeyed you, and been unhappy for life; . but now my honour is solemnly engaged ; my faith is plighted ; and were even you to urge me to break faith, and behave dishonourably, I should resist. I would lieve take poison and die.' Father Erancis looked at her steadily, and she coloured to the brow. 'You are a very apt young lady,' said he ; 'you have outwitted your director. That may be my fault as much as yours ; so I advise you, to provide yourself with another director, whom you will be unable, or unwilling, to outwit.' Kate's high spirit fell before this : she, turned her eye3 full of tears, on him. ' Ob, do not desert me, now that I shall need you more than ever to guide me in my new duties. For give me ; I did not know my own heart — quite. I'll go into a convent now, if I must ; but I can't marry any man but poor Griffith. Ah, father, he is more generous than any of us. Would you believe it ? when he thought Bolton and Hernsbaw were coming to him, he said if I married him I should have the money to build a convent with. He knows how fond I am of a convent.' 'He was jesting : his religion would not allow it.' 'His religion!' cried Kate. Then, lifting her eyes to Heaven, and looking just like an angel, ' Love is his religion ! said she, warmly. 'Then his religion is Heathenism,' said the priest, grimly. 'Hav. there is too much charitv in it' for that. retorted Rate, keenly. Then she looked down like a cunning, guilty thing, and murmured, ' One of the things I esteem him for is he always speaks well of you. To be sure just now the poor soul thinks you are his best friend with me. But that is my fault : I as good as told him so : and it is true, after a fashion ; for you kept me out of the convent that was his only real rival. Why, here he comes. Oh, father, now don't you go and tell him you side with Mr. Heville.' At this crisis Griffith, who, to tell the truth, had received a signal from Rate, rushed at Eather Erancis, and fell upon his neck, and said with great rapidity, 'Oh, Eather Francis, 'tis to you I owe her — you and I are friends for life. So long as we have a house there is a bed in it for you, and whilst we have a table to sit down to, and a wel come when you will.' Having gabbled these words he winked at Rate, and fled swiftly. Eather Erancis was taken aback a little by this sudden burst of affection. First he stared — then he knitted his brows — then he pondered. \- Kate stole a look at him, and her eyeB sought the ground. 'That is the gentleman you arranged matters with last- night ?' said be, drily. ' Yes,' replied Kate, fainty. 'Was this scene part of the business ?' 'Oh father!' ' Why I ask, he did it so unnatural. Mr. Gaunt is a worthy, hospitable gentleman; he and I are very good friends ; and really I never doubted that I should be welcome in his house— until this moment.' / ' And can you doubt it now ?' &&!? 'Almost : his manner just now was so hollow, so: forced: not a word of all that came from his heart, you know.' ..... , 'Then his heart is changed very lately. The priest shook his head. ' Anything more like a puppet, and a parrot to boot, I never saw. 'Twas done so timely loo ; he ran in upon our discourse. Let me see your hand, mistress. Why, where is the string with which you pulled yonder machine in so pat upon the word ?' ' Spare me !' muttered Kate, faintly. 'Then do you drop deceit and the silly cunning of your sex, and speak to me from your heart, or not at all.' (Diapason.) At this Rate began to whimper. 'Father,' she said, 'show me some mercy.' Then, suddenly clasping her hands : ' Have pity on him, and on . me.' . This time Hature herself seemed to Bpeak, and the eloquent cry went clean through the priest's heart. 'Ah!' said he; and his voice trembled a little: "'now you are as strong as your cunning was weak. Come ; Iseehowitis with you ; and I am human, and have been young, and a lover into the bargain, before I was a. priest. There, dry thy, eyes, child, and go to thy room :. he thou coulast not trust shall bear the brunt for thee; this once.' Then Kate bowed her fair head and kissed the horrid paw of him that had adminstered so severe but salutary a pat. She: hurried away upstairs, -right joyful at the unexpected turns things had. taken: . . Eather Erancis, thus converted to her side, lost no time : he walked into the dining- room- and told Heville he had bad news for him. 'Summon all your courage, my young friend,' he Eaid, with' feeling : ' and remember that this world is full of disappointments.', . Heville said nothing ; but rose and stood rather pale, waiting like a man for the blew. Its nature he more than half guessed : he had been .at the window. it feii. ; ; . ' ' She is engaged to Gaunt, since last night : and she loveB him.' 'The double faced jade!' cried Peyton, with an oath. 'The heartless coquette!' groaned Heville. Eather Erancis made excuses . for her :—' Hay, nay, she iB not the first of her sex that did ,not know her own mind all at once. Besides, we men are blind in matters of love : perhaps a woman would have read her from the -first. - After all .she was not bound to give us the eyes to read a female heart.' He next reminded Heville that Gaunt had been her servant for years. ' You knew that,' said he, ' yet you came between them — at your peril. Put yourself in his place: say you had succeeded: would not his wrong be greater than yours is now ? Come, be brave; be generous ; he is disinherited; only his love is left him : 'tis the poor man's lamb ; and would you take it ?' ' Oh, I have not a word to say against the man,' said George, with a mighty effort. 'And what use quarreling with a woman?' suggested the practical priest. ' Hone whatever,' said George, sullenly. After a moment's silence, he rang the bell feverishly. ' Order my horse round directly,' said he : then he sat down, and buried his face in his hands, and did not, and could not, listen to the voice of consol ation. How the house was full of spies in petticoats, amateur spies, that ran and told the mistress every thing of their own accord, to curry favour. And this no doubt was the cause that, just as the groom walked the piebald out of the stable, to wards the hall door, a maid came to Eather Francis with a little note : he opened it, and found these words written faintly, in a fine Italian hand : — 'I scarce knew my own heart till I saw him wounded and poor, and myself rich -at his expense. Entreat Mr. Heville to forgive me.' He handed the note to Heville without a word.. Heville read it, and his lip trembled ; but he said nothing, and preaently went out into the hall, and put on his hat, for he saw his nag at the door. Eather Francis followed him, and said, sorrow fully, 'What, not one word in reply to so humble a request ?' 'Well, here's my reply,' said George, grinding his teeth. 'She knows French, though she pre tends not. " ' lie "bruit est- pou le fat, la plainte est pour le sot, Ii'honndte homme trompd s'eloigna et ne.dit mot.' " And With this he galloped furiously away. . He buried himself at Heville's Cross for several days, and would neither see nor speak to a soul. : His heart was sick, ins pride lacerated. He even: shed some scalding tears in secret ;. though - to look at him that seemed impossible. So passed a bitter week : and. in the course of it- he bethought him of the tears he had made a true" Italian lady shed; and never pitied her a grain till now. He was going abroad :. on his desk lay a little1 crumpled paper. It was Rate's entreaty .for ;for- giveness." He had ground it in his hand, and ridden away with it. How he was going away, he resolved to answer' her. He wrote a letter full of bitter reproaches ; read it over ; and tore it up. " He wrote her a mawkish letter : read it ; and ' tore it up. The priest's words, scorned at first, had sunk into him a little. He walked about the room, and tried to see it all like a bystander. ; "'.h '-" ; He examined her writing closely : the pen had scarcely marked the paper. "They were tbe.timidest; strokes. The writer seemed to kneel ; to -him. _ He , summoned all his manhood, his fortitude, his -gene rosity, and above all, his high-breeding; and pro duced the following letter ; and this one lie-sent : — : " Histbess Kate, — I leave England" to-day for ' your sake : and shall never return unless the day shall come when I can -look on .you .but,:.as - a friend-- The love that ends in hate, that is too sorry a'jjhjng . tb come betwixt you and me.. ' If you have used me ill, your punishmentr is this: you have given 'me the right to- say: to you- — I forgive you. "Geobge Neville." .... . And he went straight to Italy. . . . . Kate laid his note upon her knee, and sighed deeply; and said, 'Poor fellow! How noble of him ! "What can such men as this see in any woman to go and fall in love with her ?' , Griffith found her with a tear in her eye. He: took her out walking, and laid all his radiant plans; of wedded life before her. She came back flushed, and beaming wit-h complacency "and beauty. Old Peyton was brought to consent to the mar-, riage. Only he attached one condition, that Bolton and Hernshaw should be settled on Kate for her separate use. To this Griffith assented readily ; but Kate re fused plump. ' What, give him -myself, and'then grudge him my estates!' said she, with a Iqok of lofty and beautiful scorn at her male advisers.- But Eather Erancis, having regard to the tempo ral interests of his Church, exerted his'strength and pertinacity, and tired her out ; so those estates were put into trustees' hands, and tied up as tight as wax. This done, Griffith Gaunt and Kate Peyton were married, and made the the finest pair that wedded in the county that year. As the bells burst into a merry peal, and they walked out of church man and wife, their path across the church-yard was strewed thick with flowers, emblematic no doubt of the path of life that lay before so handsome a couple. They spent the honeymoon in London, and tasted earthly felicity. Yet did not quarrel after it ; but subsided into the quiet complacency of wedded life. ' CHAPTER jay. Mr. and Mrs. Gaunt lived happily together - as times went. A fine girl and boy were born to them ; and need I say how their hearts expanded and exulted ; and seemed to grow twice as large ? ; The little boy was taken from them at three years old ; and how can, I convey to any but a parent the anguish of that first bereavement? Well, they suffered it together, and that poignant grief was one tie more between them. For many years they did not furnish any exciting or even interesting matter to this narrator. And all the better for them ; without these happy periods of dullness our lives would be hell, and our hearts eternally bubbling and boiling in a huge pot made hot with thorns. In the absence of striking incidents, it may be well to notice the progress of character, and note the tiny seeds of events to come. Neither the intellectual nor the moral character of any person stands stock-still : a man improves, "or he declines. Mrs. Gaunt had a great taste for reading ; Mr. Gaunt had not : what was the conse quence? at the end" of seven years the lady's under- derstanding had made great strides ; the gentle man's had, apparently, retrograded. How -we all need a little excitement, and we all seek it, and get it by hook or by crook. The girl who satisfies that natural craving with what the canting dunces of the day call a ' sensational novel, and the girl, who does it by waltzing till daybreak, are sisters ; only one obtains it like a young animal and a pain in her empty head next day. Mrs. Gaunt could enjoy company," but was never .dull with a good book. Mr. Gaunt was a pleasant companion, but dull out of company. So rather ..than not have it, he .Would go to the parlour of the " Red Lion," and chat and sing with tht yeoman -and rollicking young squires that resorted thither : and. this was matter of grief and astonishment to Mrs." Gaunt. -.-It was balanced' by good qualities she knew how to ''appreciate. Morals were much looser then than now ; and more than one wife of her acquaint ance had: a rival in the village, or. even among her x>vm. domestics ;. but ' Griffith had no loose inclina- i'iSns of that kind, and never gave her a moment's uneasiness. " He was constancy ancL fidelity in person. r ;?Bab$riety had not yet been _ invented. But: Griffith -wSs not so intemperate as most-squires ; he could always mount: the. stairs to tea and generally' without staggering. : He was --uxorious, and it used to.come out .after his wine. This Mrs. Gaunt permitted at first, but by-and-by says, she, expanding her delicate nostrils, ' You may be as affectionate as you please dear, and you" may" srnell of wine, if you will; but please not to. smell of -wine and be affectionate at the same moment. I value your affection too highly to let .you disgust me with it.' And the model husband yielded to this severe restriction, and, as it never occured to him to give up his wine, he forebore to be affection in his cups. One great fear Mrs. Gaunt had entertained be fore marriage, ceased to haunt her. How and then her quick eye saw Griffith writhe at the great in fluence her director had with her ; but he never spoke out to offend her, and she, life a good wife, saw, smiled, and adroitly, tenderly soothed ; and this was nothing compared to what she had feared. Griffith saw his wife admired by other men, yet never chid nor chafed. The merit of this belonged in a high degree to herself. The fact is, that Kate Peyton, even before marriage, was not a coquette at heart-, though her conduct might easily bear that construction : and she was now an experienced matron, and knew how to be as charming as ever yet check or parry all approaches of gallantry on the part of her admirers. Then Griffith observed how delicate and prudent his lovely wife was, with out ostentatious prudery ; and his heart was at peace. He was the happier of the two, for he looked up to his wife, as well as loved her, whereas she was troubled at times with a sense of superiority to her husband. She was amiable enough, and wise enough, to try and shut her eyes to it; but not always. Upon the whole, they were a contented couple ; though the lady's dreamy eyes seemed still to be exploring earth and sky in search of something they had not yet found, even in wedded life. They lived a Hernshaw. A letter had been found among Mr. Charlton's, papers explaining his will. He counted on their marrying, and begged them to live at the csstle. He had left it on his. wife's death ; it reminded him too keenly of happier days ; but, as he drew near his end, and must leave all earthly things, he remembered the old house with tenderness, and put out his dying hand to save it from falling into decay. Unfortunately considerable repairs were needed, and, as Kate's property was tied up so tight, Griffith's two thousand pounds went in repairing the house, lawn, park and railings, and walled gardens ; went, every penny, and left the bridge over the lake still in a battered, rotten, and, in a word,, picturesque condition. This lake was, by the older inhabitants, some times called the ' mere,' and sometimes the ' fish- pools ; it resembled an hour-glass in shape, only curved like a crescent. In mediseval times it' had no doubt been a main defence of the place. It was very deep in parts, especially at the waist or narrow that was spanned by the decayed bridge. There were hundreds of carp and tench in it older than any in Cumber land, and also enormous pike and eels ; and fish from one to five pounds' weight by the million. The water literally teemed from end to end ; and tbi? was a great comfort to so good a Catholic as Mrs. Gaunt. When sue was seized with a desire to fast, and that was pretty often, the gardener ju'Bfc went down to the lake and flung a casting-net in some favourite hole, and drew out half a bushel the first cast ; or planted a flue- neb found a patch of weeds, then belaboured the weeds with a long pole, and a score of fine fish were sure to run out into the meshes. . ' The ' mere ' was clear as plate glass, and came to the edge of the shaven lawn, and reflected flowers, turf, and overhanging shrubs, deliriously. Yet an ill name brooded over its seductive waters. For two persons had been drowned in it during the last hundred years : - and the last one was the parson of the parish, returning from the Squire's dinner in the normal condition of a guest, at that epoch. But what most affected the popular mind, was not the . jovial soul hurried into eternity, but the material circumstance that the greedy pike had cleared the flesh off his bones in a single night ; so that little more than a skeleton, with here and flinra o Itlonlr wo rr lianmnrr fft if. Viorl Vioon vonATPrpn "urugiug WW next morning. This ghastly detail being stoutly maintained and constantly repeated by two ancient eye-witnesses, whose one melo-dramatic incident and treasure it was, the rustic mind saw no beauty whatever in those pellucid waters, where flowers did glass themselves. As for the women of the village, they looked on this sheet of water as a trap for their poor bodies, and those of their children, and spoke of it as a singular hardship in their lot, that Hernshaw mere had not been filled up threescore years agone. \- The castlo itself was no castle, nor had is been for centuries : it was just a house with battlements ; but attached to the stable was an old square tower that really had formed part of the mediae ral castle. However, that unsubstantial shadow, a name, is often more durable than the thing ; especially in rural parts : but, indeed, what is there in a name for Time's teeth to catch hold of ? Though no castle, it "was a delightful abode. The drawing-room and dining-room had both spacious bay windows, opening on to the lawn that sloped very gradually down to the clear lake, and there was mirrored. On this sweet lawn the inmates and guests walked for sun and mellow air, and often played bowls at eventide. On the other side was the drive up to the house door, and a sweep, or small oval plot, of turf, sur rounded by gravel ; and a gate at the corner of this sweep opened into a grove of the grandest old spruce firs in the island. This grove, dismal in winter, and awful at night, was deliriously cool and sombre in the dog days. The trees were spires, and their great stems stood serried like infantry in column, and flung a mighty canopy of sombre plumes over head; A strange, antique, and classic grove — nulli penetrabilis astro. This retreat was enclosed on three sides by a wall, and on the east side came nearly to the house ; a few laurel bushes separated the two At night it was shunned religiously, on account of the ghosts. Even by daylight it was little frequented, except by one person : and she took it amazingly. That person was Mrs. Gaunt. There seems to be, even in educated women, a singular, instinctive love of twilight; and here was twilight at high noon. The place, too, suited her dreamy, meditative nature. Hither, then, she often retired for peace and reli gious contemplation, and moved slowly in and out among the tall stems, or sat still, with her thought ful brow leaned on her white hand : till the cool, umbrageous retreat got to be called amcg the ser vants, " The Dame's Haunt." This, I think, is all needs to be told about the mere place, where the Gaunts lived comfortably many years ; and little dreamed of the strange events in store for them ; little knew the passions that slumbered in their own bosoms, and, like other volcanoes, hided their time. BETUBN OF THE. CONTINGENT. 1\. — The Girl They Left Behind Them at Suakhn. 2.— Parade of the' men . who ate the other fellows' rations. 8.— Authentic portrait of the Sphinx. 4.— The natives seeing the Contingent off. 5. — They came home on theArab, bringing prize money and prisoners. 6\. — He was offered Knighthood ; but refused it. 7. — The Camel to the Kangaroo : " Get out of the ring." 