FICTION. trttia English, America«, »»il Oilier Periodicals, LOVE AND HATE. CHAPTER XL VII. " IT WAS NOT I." " However this may be, Gomfort her, comfort her, all things good !" " Perhaps," it went on, " v lion the trigger caught for a second my hand wavered. As I have said I was almost positive I heard a second report, but fhis could not have been. Who would be around there-a lonely place-at that hour. No, it was not a stray shot. No one was in sight when I looked around. The idea was all my excited imagination. But there he lay ! Oh, I must not-I will not sadden you with my thoughts at the moment when I real- ised that he was dead, and that I had killed him. The position of the body, location of the bullet would go to show that I had given him no oppor tunity of defence, but had shot him down like a dog. And did J? I did not mean to-I swear to heaven at that moment only regret for tho rashness which had brought us so together there filled my sold. Only that, and no thought of murder. I " But who would believe me-who credit this ? That other report which had been almost one with mine-did mine, my bullet, only pierce the air ? Was there another-or was I mad-had I been dreaming? " Yes, yes, yes ! I had killed him, and there he lay. All these thoughts swept through me like a whirlwind, making of my brain chaos. I sprang forward and lifted his head in the vain hope that life would look up at mc out of those familiar eyes. I dropped it with a groan. Alas, no ! " And then one thought took possession of mo, one, and that cowardly-flight. They would find it-find me-take me to prison. And I-I could disprove nothing. Life-life-I would save my life. A suspected criminal was one tiling, a con- demned criminal another. I fled. Do not blame mo child. Intentionally and before God I was as innocent as are j ou to-day. " I sent word secretly to Inez. She disposed of my business affairs and deposited the receipts to the credit of Mr. Esmond-Ethelbert Esmond-at a London bank. The estates are yours to claim. You are not Ethel Esmond-you arc Lady Ethel Lyndhurst. You are the daughter of an earl, the daughtci also of a man for whom fate has been too stiong. Wise jjeople would shake their heads over this story-would smile knowingly, and call it an impossible tale, and beyond the credence of sensible men and women. But now I am not appealing to the sensible or the wise. Such I have found as a nile to be logical and stern. I appeal for faith and mercy to the dear girl-heart which throbs only to the highest and best philosophy-love. "For a few^-lato years one chimera has haunted me, troubled me. A shozt time before her death, which occurred three years after she joined me in Madrid, talking together of old days Inez told me how Ke'rston had once when a tutor in the house in Devon importuned her with his love. At first she had simply told him no. But later when he had persisted, annoying her to the verge of insult, she had spoken to him plainly, telling him were he King of England death would be preferable to life as his wife, and that if he ever dared to speak to her on the subject again as he had just then spoken, she would have him horsewhipped for his « impertinence. She would never have said these words were she not driven to it, and even thpy were more merciful than would have been telling a cou- sin or friend who loved her. I can imagine though how her beautiful dark eyes blazed out upon the scoundrel in their grand scorn. " You would ?" he had answered sneeringly, 'and whom would you deputize to do it, pray ?' " He, whose wife fam to he !" she had replied. "Lyndhurst!" he had laughed sardonically. " Well, we'll take the will for the deed, and time .will prove how well Griff Kerston can pay back, if it takes a year or if it takes a life. " All this I had not known till thon. "You wondered why I disliked and shunned him so, when I found you had employed him,' she said to me the day^she told me the above, 'that was why. But had I told you then you would have turned him out, and I knew how very poor he was, and all that his place meant to him, so I was silent. I thought his threats were merely the outcome of the moment's anger, and void of purpose.' , " But all this set me thinking-thinking. Could he have had aught to do with thefts of which he had accused Glendennon ? Robert I had never known intimately, he was much younger than I, hut he had the face of a man above dishonorable deeds, while Kerston's was the very personification of craft and evil. Why had I credited his state- ments ? And was it not possible that ho had been near where we met on that awful morning. CHAPTER XLVIII. CA8TJALTJY TOLD. " I had often wondered what became of Agnes and her son-often strove to trace them. Once only I succeeded, 'and that by accident. Then I sent her anonymously, a cheque for all I could raise at the time. Later I heard casuiUly they were "?one from London, so again lost sight of thom, and, though willing was powerless to aid. "If ever in the strange paths of life you meet Agnes Glendennon or her boy, try and tell them the truth as written by a dying man. For this heart-trouble has a sudden ending, dear, and at any hour I may be called. Then-go to Mr. Copploston, at Carlsbad-street, and give him the inclosed papers. They will establish your claim to the estates ia Devon. The accumulating revenues of so many years must aggregate a large sum. Ho is a good man, a stanch old friend of mine. Bo advised by him. "Here I give ¡you also the family jewels. I Attached to the necklace is a locket which con- tains the most priceless gem of them all-your mother's picture. You resemble her in features, child. Let not the likeness there end. " üavo 1 wearied you, my darling í Well, I will pause. It is past midnight, and you-how uncon- scious you are, dear, sleeping like a child. " On your wedding-eve you will read this. And you will will show it to bim- whoever he may be God make him worthy you ! And perhajis you will both, dear, give out of your great love-a little I with the pity you accord a man to whom the grave can be no darker than Ufo has been." And there the letter ended. Ross had read it before indeed, but now, as then, a mist clouded the keen gray eyes. Suddenly ho started up. Where was she now, Ethel ? Since that night when he had gone into the hotel to make some inquiries, and there seen her, ho had not been in the city. He had then resolved to return and seo her nest morning, when both would bo stronger and calmer for the meeting. But, on coining back to the house on the out- skirts of the city, to which address at his bidding Kerston had gone, he had found the man lying down, flushed, and muttering incoherently. He had gone for a doctor, who had pronounced the case one of malignant fever, then raging in London. He was very violent at times, and it waa difficult to procure a faithful male nurse ; so from that day to this, and it was almost two weeks, Ross had slept in his room, the little time ho did sleep, and except for a turn now and then in the old fashioned garden, had not been out of the house. To-night his task was ended. Ethel, he had supposed, had gone to Lorraine. Of the motive of her fight from the abbey he had at first been in ignorance, but later had decided that the reading of the letter wherein her father half acknowledged the murder of Glendennon had shocked her into seeking her old convent home. How long had he sat -there ? What was that creeping in through the unshuttered window, and making the gas-light garish--dawn ? And the doc- tor was still here. It was good for him to have stayed. Ross rose as he came up the room. " You are looking fagged out, Mr. Campbell. You must ti y and get some rest." Ross, catching a glimpse of his thin, worn, un- shaven face across the room, smiled assentingly but absently. He was thinking that now he must find Ethel discover what that arch-fiend Clarinda had substi- tuted for the letter he held, and restore her the one really written by her father. "How long since you've been out of the house ?'» demanded the physician, kindly. "Beyond the garden, I mean." " Oh, not-not for two weeks, I think. " Dear mo, one can ge fc a century behind the world -'-world of London in two weeks." " Has there boen much of interest ?" listlessly. He asked it just for politeness* sake, as his friend seemed loquacious. " Yes, indeed. There was the foundering of tho Atlanta, off the west coast, the arrest of Irish sus- pects, the burning of the Belgrade Hotel. By the way, what was that name the deceased had men- tioned-Ethel ? Ethel Esmond?" "What of her?" Campbell was on his feet in an inetant, a sudden wild terror tugging at his heart-strings. "My dear sir, you know her? A young lady of that name lost her life in the Belgrade Hotel fire on the night of the 25th." " The-Belgrade-was burned ?" "Yes, yes. I thought every one knew that. And-" "You got the name wrong," huskily. " It isn't she! It-" He reeled heavily. "Why, man alive !" The doctor caught him as he swayed heavily. He loosened his collar and clapped his hands. In a moment or so Campbell staggered to his feet and pushed past his detaining hands. In the hall he mechanically took his hat, put it 'on, and went out. It was a lie, a mistake. He wos going to provo it-to seo her-to find her. ' He walked on aimlessly, apparently, but with one desperate thought, purpose, beating in heart and brain. Up the clear blue sky sailed a yellow March sim, The fresh wind blowing in his face was delicious. And in the air was a scent of spring. CHAPTER XLIX. THE DEAD ALIVE. " Up so early, dearie ?" Though still young, her niatronhood has given her quite a protecting air, this good Janet, and Ethel, with all her lonely heart, revels in her motherliness. It is so inexpressibly soothing and reassuring when one is too weary to take caro of one's self, almost too weary to pity one's self for being so forlorn. For, since that awful night when, finding her- self alone in the London street, alone in all the world, she had-this time successfully-sought out Janet and sank down at that bewildered woman's feet, weak, sobbing, fainting- she had lain like one tranced in the plain, cozy little room up stairs. " Don't tell any one I am here," she had en- treated Janet, frantically. " Remember, no one ! If they seek me here-they might, some one might have seen mo coming, hide me-don't ^ell them. They think I was in the hotel when it burned. They think I am.dead. Let them-oh, let them think so. I must be dead to them. Promise promise ; oh, Janet, promise !" And Janet had promised, and soothed her with gentle words and kindly caro, and brought out for her inspection her big, pink-cheeked, solemn-eyed baby. And then she had comforted and coaxed her to sleep as she might have comforted and coaxed a grieved child. But all the next day the girl had lain in a sort of stupor, " like decline," Janet said, ominously, to Thomas. She spoke no word. All the misery, the excitement of that fearful time passed had been too much for her. Her father- that letter-Max ! And then Max-that letter-her father ! over and over again they rang their changes in her soul while she lay there, pale- cheeked, white lipped, dry-eyed, and still-painfully still. She could not cry that was the worst of it. There was no place no one to turn to. That dreadful secret she had learned barred every bright door in the future. For three days past she had crept down stairs at noon and sat there with Janet's crowing baby in her lap -such a slight, lily-choeked young creature, with such great, mournful, shining shadowy eyes, that Janet's heart had quite ached over her. She had had trouble-Miss Ethel. Of what na- ture she knew not. That was all she need know poor dear child. So she started with delight this morning, as just at sunrise (she was not herself long risen) tho girl carno slowly into her sanded, tin-sparkling kitchen. " It is early isn't it ?" sitting down by the win- dow-ledge, quite filled with flower-pots and over- hung by trailing " Wnndering Jew," but I could'nt sleep longer-I had to get up. I havo boen a lag- gard so long," with a wan little smile, " Its time for mo to reform. Besides I must go away soon." "Now, Miss Ethel!" Very deliberately Janet turned her back on the stove, at the risk of tho por- ridge making for Tom's breakfast thereon burning for want of stirring. " You're a nice one to talk so-you are ! You'll go away to your friends" Ethel winced at the innocently spoken word-"just as soon as you arc strong enough. But just now you are about as helpless as little Bartholomew An- drew in his crib beyond, and not a step will you stir for at least a week yet-begging your pardon, miss, for my himpudence, for this is but a poor i place, I know, for tho likes of you !" " Now, Janet !" laughing, " it is my turn to scold. i You have been good, good, so good to mo ! Did I not come to you and give you a shameful amount of trouble when I was ill and miserable ? But now, ' when I speak of going, it is because I have grown quite well and strong again-indeed I have !" " Indeed you have !" echoed Janet with a dis- dainful grunt, and wreaking her displeasure on. the unoffending porridge, which she stirred quite vigor- ously. " What would your poor, dear father say, miss, to hear you tell such a great big story as that?" "Don't, Janet!" She had risen, and was leaning against the case- ment, trembling a little. " What, miss ?" queried Janet in dismay, with spoon suspended in mid air. " You rnusn't talk of him. There aro-reasons. And I can't bear it-quite-yet." ' " Ah poor dear ! poor dear !" And Janet wiped away a tear with the corner of ' her blue-checked apron as she lifted the porridge off the fire, thinking it was because,of her grief at his so recent death, that the girl could not yet bear the mention of his name. When the simple breakfast was over Ethel again crossed to the window. How fair arid bright was the day without-fresh from the hand of Providence. Every unpretentious house in the street seemed Larger and less contracted in the sunshine. Here, as in " Langley Lane," were : " Little white cottages all in a row, Gardens where bachelor's buttons grout." And here, as there, too, to-day " Up above, in the clear blue shy, Tlie woolly-white clouds go sailing by." It tempted her-that sweet, crisp, clean world without. She turned to Janet. " It is so fine I think I would like to go out." " Do," urged Janet, glad to see signs of reviving interest in anything. " Hit would do you good, miss." She brought cloak, hat, and veil. A few moments moro and the girl was out, a graceful, dark-clad figure, in the London streets. At first B1IQ walked very languidly, but the clear, cool air seemed to strengthen her and her pace quickened. She had walked for half an hour or more aim- lessly, when she became exhausted. A small park near by, an oasis in acres of brick and mortar, attracted her attention. Sho pushed open a wicket-gate and went in. She sank down on one of the wooden benches with a tired sigh. All around was greening turf, overhead budding boughs. And now, physical exertion for the time over, she began to think. " No, no, she told herself, desperately ; " she must not do that-she would not." A news-boy was taking a short-cut through the park. She bought a paper from him. She would try and read j it would keep her from thinking, anything would be better than t7»at." It was so quiet here. There was not a soul around but herself. No one would see her-recognise her. She threw back her veil and took up the sheet. She glanced down one column- another. What was that there that paragraph there ? " Max Glondennon indicted for the murder of Boss Campbell ?" ran the heading. She stared at it covered her eyes with her hand. What had made her imagine those words were there ? shp must be going mad-mad ! Such awful Unes as those to outflamo on the page before her. She caught up the paper again and read the half column down. No, no ; there it was. She was not dreaming-not delirious. Particulars, too. .The night of her flight-the bridge by the old Kent road! Max!-Campbell! She could not grasp it all. What did it mean ? merciful Heaven, what ? She caught her hands above her heart with a sob of terror. Her lips went white as death. A shadow fell across the paper on her lap. She glanced up. Who stood beside her-who ? She sprang up with a cry-startled, quavering, joyful. " Boss Campbell !" CHAPTER L. "TELL ME!" The dead were face to face. For one moment they stood so, regarding each other with blanched faces and questioning, doubting, brightening eyes. " Ethel !" ho cried, hoarsely. " Is it you ? Give me your hand-let me feel it. Yes, yes. Oh, God of Heaven, I thank you ! Changed-changed, but Ethel ! It is a lie-I knew it was a lie ! And yet and yet-Ethel! Ethel!" He had thought her dead. Sho understood now. She put out her hand weakly and closed it on the back of the garden seat for support. With the other she held out the paper to him. "Head !" she whispered. Ho took it from her and glanced at the column indicated, " Max Glondennon," he read, " indicted for-" He staggered back, holding the paper from him> regarding it as she had done, with blank, wild eyes. For his murder-for his! And here he had been shut up with a sick man and known nothing ! He turned to Ethel. She was shaking like a leaf. " You are faint !" he cried. She sat down, still quivering in every limb. "You did not know ?" " Not till this moment." " You must go down," feverishly ; " you must go s oon-at once !" " The trial is to take place at the next assizes/' consulting the paper-"April the third." And then a sudden remembrance of all he had to say to her, tell her, ask her to explain, came to him. But she had been sitting hore too long. She looked weak. She would grow chilled. "Wheio are you staying? let me take you there." For a moment she hesitated. She must help Max, and through him. , It was too late for retreat or deception now. She rose. " It is not very far from here-come." " Why did you leave the abbey ?" he asked, as they weut out of the park together. A cry broke from her lips. "I cannot-oh, I can never tell you-never! I can never tell any one. It is not my 6ecrct-it is And there she stopped. I " Was it what you read and learned on your wedding- eve !" ho questioned, quietly. A burning scarlet dyed all her palo face. " Oh, you know ! I had forgotten. I rmnmnhnr now you told nie that afternoon at the abbey, when I showed you the package, that you knew the secret the letter within it hold. You are cruel you hww !" " Have you the letter still ?" " Have I ! do you think I would keep it ? A testimony to his sin and my shame ! I burned it." Campbell put his hands in his pockets. A little of his old florid color had como back to his cheeks, " It doesn't matter much !" coolly. " It was a lie-a fraud." She stopped short, catching his arm convulsively. " A lie ?" she whispered, " that letter ! a fraud ?" He looked down on her. How deathly white she was ! whiter than when she had leaped erect at sight of him. No subterfuge, ho told himself. The truth. " Yes," he answered steadily. " A black lie. It was never written by your father. A theft was committed. An imposition, an act of gross in. justice toward you was practised. Throughout an infamous deed. " I don't quite understand," tremulously. " But this-only tell me this ! My father did not murder Robert Glendennon ?" , "He was as innocent of such a crime as aro you this day." They were at Larkspur street now, almost at 93. She caught her breath with a great, joyful sob. " Is it true ?" and the words were scarcely audi ( ble so lowly spoken, "is it true ?" If it was all a lie then she could go to Max ! If ! she could not comprehend, believe it yet ! The door of 93 was standing ajar. They went into the tiny parlor off the hall. Then she turned and faced him. She was no longer trembling, though the sweet sensitive face was still absolutely colorless. " Now," Bhe panted, her great shadowy eyes alight aflame, .' now-tell me !" CHAPTER LI. I MAX. I " 07i, that it were possible ' After long grief and pain, To find the arms of my true love .Bound- me once again." And he told her. The bright morning minutes wore away. Once Janet opened the door, but boat a speedy retreat at sight of the stranger with Ethel. He told her all-all that Kerston had told him all that Clarinda had made him do. " Poor thing !" the girl said, gentlest pity only in her voice, "the taint which marred her mother's life must bo her heritage or she never would have done so cruel a wrong as that." Eleven. With fullest explanations he gave her the letter Kerston had given to him. What a marvellously clever forgery the other had been. The writing seemed no more familiar than had that. She read it through while Ross stood at the little window and looked absently at the canary cage and geraniums in the casement across the way. A sob startled him. He turned quickly. Every line perused, she was kissing the creased and crumpled pages, her hot tears falling like rain. " I believe you, I beliave you ! Oh, my dear one, how could I ever have doubted you ? Forgive me -forgive me !" For a moment Ross was distressed. Janet was passing the window without. He beckoned her. In a little while she came in. She went up to the girl, put her stout pink gingham arms around her. " There, there, Miss Ethel ! Hanything is hotter than the way yo've been o' late. There, there ! I know how it is myself. There ain't nothing does folks so much good sometimes as a downright miserable cry !" " Oh, I'm not in trouble, Janet, not now. I've had such good news. And I'm happy, so happy." But she was still, through sheer weakness, weep- ing tempestuously, hysterically. Twelve ! It jangled out from the little Dutch clock on the wooden shelf, by courtesv the mantel. Long after Ross remembered the room, the best room with its ugly brilliant carpet of Paris green and Chinese vermillion, its hair-cloth chairs and sofa, its framed portraits of the royal family, and Joseph telling his dream, and ita unaîsthetic bric-a brae consisting of pink glass vases and china dogs with Bartholomew Andrew's bank in the place of honor. "How foolish I was !" Ethel rose, laughing through the tears still spark- ling on her lashes. Janet disappeared, coining back in a moment with her son and heir in her arms. "And now," Ethel had said, turning with flush- ing cheeks and outstretched hands to Campbell. " Max !" " First," he said, " we had better see Copplestone' " We are going out," she told Janet. " This is Janet Harris, Mr. Campbell. She has been so kind tome!" " Now, Miss Ethel !" deprecatingly, and courtesy ing to the grave-looking gentleman before her, "You won't go out without waiting until I get you up a bit o' lunch." "Lunch!" Ethel laughed, a gay, sweet laugh that recalled her old mistress to Janet, and made her brown cheeks glow with pleasure. "We are living on air, Janet ! Or rather let me speak for myself only. Sunshine is my food to-day, and it is agreeing with me." "That it is miss !" mystified, but admiringly. And soon after they went out, together, and when a few days after Janet found ten gleaming sovereigns in the baby's bank, and Ethel had honestly denied them, she dedicated them rightly to the gentleman with the quiet ways, and some- what sad gray eyes, who had played with the little lad that day before ho left the " best room." Ethel wore no veil as she went along the street with Ross. Whom did she fear now. She was the daughter- of an honest gentleman. Once or twice her companion looked at her with wondering eyes. Was that the white-faced, weary woman he had come on to-day in the park, that radiant, smiling, girlish vision ? Even in the lawyer's office his gaze still followed her. How joy had changed her. The glow of a rose-heart wa3 in her cheeks Her eyes were like dusk stars. Mr. Coppleston entered. " You wished to see me, sir !" Just then Ethel turned from the window. That face ! Ho staggered hack with a quick cry. Out of lier past again-out of her grave again ! " Lady Lyndhurst !" huskily. "I am Ethel Lyndhurst!" in her sweet, clear voice. " Did I startle you ? Am I then so Uko my mother ?" "So like!" he repeated, struggling to regain breath and reason. "You aro your mother over again. I would have known you anywhere. Brow -eyes ! the same trick of smile and speech. All vim* rnnfhT. TIT,, .1««.. -l-l-l " l--'-- '--1 ---.? your mother. My dear child," he came forward and grasped her hands, shaking them fervently, " it docs my heart good to seo you !" But suddenly he dropped her hands, and fell back with a blank, bewildered face, and inarticulate mur- mur of recollection. "What is it?" asked Campbell. " If you are Lady Ethel Lyndhurst, and you are !'» he cried, " who then is she ?" CHAPTER LU. AN IMPORTANT WITNESS. The day of the trial Dogsberry was all agog. Dogs berry court-house was crammed with horror hunters, attracted by the peculiar interests of tho case. Many Londoners were present, and all country people of note. After Clnrinda's departure Mrs. Glendennon had consented to Dollie's eager entreaties to go over to the Towers. She sat near her son now, such a stately old dame, even in this awful hour. The blunderers ! she told herself fiercely. To think for a moment her Max could bo guilty of crime like tliat ! The white head crested itself more proudly, as through her soul tided a fresh wave of indignation. Across the way were a group of friends, among them Mrs. Maher, for once very grave and sorrowfnl-eyed, Alee Baron, Dollie very sweet to see, for aU the poor, tear- reddned eyes, and Cohn Ingelow. Major West, decidedly against his will, had been sub- poenaed as witness for the prosecution. Seated with a number of legal luminaries and notables was one to whom the others seemed to deferentiaUy refer. " Who is he ?" Dollie whispered to Alec. . " Copplcston. The great Mr. Coppleston, of London." And the great Mr. Coppleston, of London watched the trial throughout with intent and unflagging interest. A very strongcase,indeedhad the crown. Through the bright morning hours the battle went on. There was half an hour for lunch, then the crowds, augmented, reassembled, more densely than before, the keeper and lus wife were sworn and told their Btory of the gentleman who had waited at their house for the hour to keep an appointment near-by. Dollie, Mrs, Maher, and Alec, aU were obliged to confess having heard Max Glendennon assert, " Later you shall answer to mo !" Then they were permitted to step down, and Jackson's testimony was in order. A terrible knocking had aroused him just after twelve on the night in question. Had opened the door to Mr. Max. Ho was apparently in a state of intense excitement, and splashed with mud. Miss Kerston had come down stairs to speak to him. No. He had not overheard any of their conversition. He stepped down, and Major West was called. Very reluctantly he gave his testimony Previous I to the night in question Mr. Glendennon had been | for several days staying with him at tho Mount, Allan Barracks. Yes that night they had retired early. How early ? Oh, perhaps about half-past nine. They were both fatigued. Didn't know how long they slept when his friend awoke, arose. Ex- cited ? Yes. Ho had thought ho heard the voice of one in trouble calling him. A superstitious fear had taken possession of him, and he had insisted on riding over to the abbey. Whoso voice had he fancied ho heard ? here demanded the counsel for the prosecution. West hesitated. Ho would rather not answer. He must. WeU, that of the lady to whom he was engaged. When had he left the bar- racks ? About a quarter or half-past ten, perhaps. And he had returned ? Near two. What did he say-what remark, if any, did he then make. Again a pause, a painful hesitation. How might this be construed ? He was sworn to tell the truth, and the whole truth, he was reminded. What did Max Glenden- non say on re-entering his apartment ? " It's all right West. Most people would call me mad to do such a thing. But I'm satisfied." There was a hoarse stir and murmur at the words. The major vacated the stand, very red and distressed-looking, indeed. How rigidly still Max sat-had sat so since early morning. His elbow rested on a snioU table beside him. His head was bowed on his supporting hand. Through aU these weary weeks he had been sing- ularly apathetic. Death ! the word had no terror for him. Life liad more, for was not Ethel dead ? For his mother's sake he would live; and not to be hounded into a dishonored grave-not that ! But apart from these two reasons he had no wish, no longing for the world beyond his prison-walls. Hope, energy, ambition had perished, leaf and root. It was almost three o'clock. Very dark were things looking for the prisoner. Without was a clear, sunshiny spring day, sweet with scent of primroses and early violets, already ablossom in the country lanes. " We have now to produce the testimony of a very important witness," said the dry, pompous voice of the crown's counsel, "that of Lady Ethel Lynd- hurst !" He opened a door behind him, motioning to some one therein. The crowd below surged hither and thither, and craned their necks for a gUmpse of the lady referred to. Who was she ? what had she to do with it ? DolUe, Mrs. Maher, the major, Alec, all leaned eagerly forward. Even Max Uf ted his haggard young face with the first betrayal of interest he had yet shown. She came out and into the withess-box, an ele- gantly attired Uttle lady. She wore a carriage costume of trailing bronze silk, with rich marabout trimming, a dainty capote of vari-hued and be sparkled Itips, and a barbarous, if bewilderingly brilUant, display of diamonds at ears, throat, and wrists. Differently dressed, but in a moment they knew her. That gliding walk, that smaU waxen face, those light, glittering eyes, those vivid Ups, that pale- yellow hair ! One whisper thrilled through the court-room : " Clarinda Kerston !" CHAPTER LUI. MAD ! " My thinking of her, on í7ic music's strain, Or something tliat never will be expressed, Had bi ought her out of the grave again, And brought her back to my breast." MEREDITH. What did it all mean ? Those who knew her best looked at each other blankly. She swept them all with her slow, strange smile till her glance rested on Max. Their eyes met. In his so heart-sick und weary, densest amazement, in hers triumph and a sudden darkening. She nodded impatiently to the lawyer who had summoned her. He rose and made a short, set speech. The witness those present had probably only known as Clarinda Kerston. Her claim to|the estates of the late Lord Lyndhurst had been proved vaUd, her indentity established. Having been resident at the abbey for some time-coveringl the night of the murder-she would give her evidence however much ngainst her will, in the interests of the law, and to further the ends of justice. She nodded approvingly as he sat down. Then she began speaking in her sibilant, mesmeric voice. For awhile the facts declared were previously known, consequently unimportant. On the night of the 25th of February there had come a furious knocking at the door of the abbey just os the clock struck twelve. She had rk^T^i gone down the stairs. Jackson lmdolned a?' door and gone away. Max strode up toher ' Inda, no had said, hoarsely, "shall I star hore or had I better go away? Which is safe?? I ve murdered a man ! I decoyed him to the brhw Such a sensation as there was at that moment Dogsberry had never behold. A growling e3 murmur rose from the crowd. Max's" friends sprane erect.with exclamations of denial and horror Max alone sat quite still, staring at her with wonderment pure and simple only in his eyes. Most damning testimony, Ah, for scorned love surely this was a grand revenge ! "It is true!" her voice rising sharp and shrill over the clamor of the crowd. "I will prove it! When I went up stairs I found, standing in tho hall by the banisters, awakened by the knocking, Ethel Esmond j she whom ho was to have married on tho morrow. She had heard every word. That nicht she fled. Now are you convinced?" She flung out her right arm tragically toward the prisoner "Ros« Campbell is dead and Max Glendennon murderT! him !" <"«.«.* But chiming in as her voice sank, so clear at it« very close, the calm tones rising, there was no op- portunity for a demonstration between, Mr. Cop ploston spoke. " Is he.?" coolly. " I'm not so sure of that. I ask that the dead man be permitted to speak for him- self !" Ho beckoned to some one in tho crowd, a low capped and muffled figure. Ho came up into the spot where lay the bright patch of sunlight, remov- ing the disguising cap and turning down his high coat-collar._ A ghost! A tenant of tho gravel Consternation amounting to terror seized every soul there. He spoke. His words dissipated fear. " I am here," with grim humor, " to testify on behalf of the prisoner !" And then ho wheeled swiftly round to Max, who had risen, and was regarding him with a face of in- credulous delight. " I ask your pardon for. my words when last we met. Shake ?" He held out his hand, a very palpable human hand indeed. " Thank Heaven !" Mix murmured, and placed his in ii. Alec sprang on a chair. '. Three cheers," he cried, "for the murderer and his victim !" And right heartily went up a hoarse, crazed tripple roar from a thousand throats. Clarinda ? She crouched down in the corner of the witness-box, for the time lacing in this intense new excitement quite forgotten. Silence restored, Ross was sworn. Still standing by Max, his hand closely clasped in his, he gave his testimony. As ho was strong he was propor- tionally merciful. For he said no word which could give those present reason for believing that the accident at the bridge was other than an acci- dent, and that occasioned by his own stupidity. "In conclusion I would ask," he said, "that papers bearing-though indirectly, on the case in question-be read ! Many of you remember, and those who do not are familiar with, the celebrated, sensation of many years ago, the Lyndhurst thoffc and assassination !" The hand holding his closed on it moro firmly. Mrs. Glendennon turned toward him her sightless eyes. Mr. Coppleston rose. He took the papers referred to from his breast pocket. First he read the lotter left by Ethelbert, Lord Lyndhurst, to his daughter. Then in an easy, impressive manner which chained, the attention of the great concourse, he read the dying statement of one Griffin Kerston. " And now," he ended, " let mo explain that the letter çonfesssed to herein was substituted for the one I have just read. It was an infamous relation of crime, purporting to bo written by Lord Lynd- hurst. Tho motive for such deep- loin and deliberate malice is beyond our power to conceive." r Bewildered grew the faces of judge and jury. That of the crown's counsel was a study as he glanced from Coppleston to Clarinda and back again. She liad come to bim privately, offering her evidence, and she had boen his strong card. "And allow me to present to you now," said Ross Campbell, leading forward a figure which had hitherto sat veiled, silent, and unnoticed in the background, " a robbed, deceived, and most cruelly wronged lady-Lady Ethel Lyndhurst !" She flung back her veil and stood before them. The Bim streaming in through the window above swept over her beautiful Southern face a rosy tid«. If the excitement had been intense on Campbell's appearance, it was delirious now. The dead alive ! were graves digorging ? Shrieks, sobs, hysterical laughs cut the air. Mrs. Glenden- non rose trembling, unconscious of the reason of the outburst. Max stood with his hands upflung and eyes that devoured her, motionless, speaking no word. The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but th« truth ! They had it now. ? It was úseles to attempt to quell the tumult. Over it rang Alec Barren's strong young voice. " Lady Ethel Lyndhurst ! then who is she ?" He pointed to Clarinda crouching down, down, ghastly with terror. The dead, the dead ! they were too strong for her. They would not lio quiet in their graves. They had como to haunt her. Every eye in the packed building was turned on. her scorning, horrified, condemning. But even as Barron pointed toward her and every voico ebbed, the words died on his lips, his hand dropped. 1 For she had sprung erect and was looking round and round on them all. What a queer vacant look there was in her eyes ! And there was a faint foam on her lips. And she began to sing, lifting her silken spirts to dance to tho tune, pirouetting, and clapping her gloved hands with many an airy gesture, as she had been used to do in her old con cert-hall- days-an extravagant drinking-song sh» sang. Max had not taken his eyes off Ethel till now. He moved a step forward, protestingly, as a few muscular officials surrounded the box. They were none too soon. There was abrief, furious struggle. They secured her, tying the frantic hands-such. I small hands to be so strong, and with diamonds all asparkle on her slender wrists. Her song changed to shrieks. . "Hereditary!" an old doctor present said, "Latent, but developed by a shock." But even after they had taken her away her voice came back to them, chanting again that wild refrain. It echoed along the bare corridors, shrill, eerie, discordant. The crowd awed, dazed excited, surged out into the sweet, spring sunset, all the calm air shudder- ing to the one awful word, on every lip, in every heart "Mad!" (To be continued.) 