Sporting Motes. "~TKe3?{nuth Australian Jockey Club inaugurated a new era in their racing history! when tbeydetermmed to hold theirCup meeting atyFlemington'ingtead pf Morphetville,„ Fine weather greeted their Opening day, but ihe attendance was not so large as was anticipated. In two oi the events' Comprising t^e -programme the fields were good, but_in, the other, ,three races five was die maximum. This number constituted the field for the First Handle raee, for which Oldjgpjil was made ■ ^^S^Vprite. Sir Patrick'took a strong: i'^d .ui the last quarter of mile, but. tinng towards the. finish, Ola. Soul, had he not been staggered for an Instant in v smashing through the panels, of the last Jitmlle, mast bars csaght him instead of; bcirigbeaten by a neck. Echo was third-. Only three—Silver King,'* The Broker, and Scandal—saddled for the St. Leger, /bht the batting seemed to* Indicate that ,"SSlJ^hi^ . were looked''upon with some ' jSilver King,' whot had -already ■ ' wohtSrd Begem, was "backed at as nearly as posaible even money, but as.' it was the ■ opinion of many that< The Broker would I have beaten him in Sydney bht for a . stumble, the best odds against the chesnnt 1 werefi to 4. Scandal made the pace, and i with bach efiect thkt at one time it seemed Improbable that either of the colts would catch her. The South Australian mva galloping low, hnd with a long even stride;kepttbelead until the home turn was gained, when the pace told, and soon the other pair were racing alongside. In thh raoa to the judge's box Silver King at first looked lure winning, but The BrokW had most pace in reserve, and c^ng the favorite within a hnnd hnhdred yards of the post kept a bare beadpih ;advance• for the":"rest of the * " iThenCnext Jcame the Goodwood event of theday,for which ^ start^. .Topaz wm considered the* pi^k: «^f.tbe lbt, after wliich came St. IA wrenbe^tia' LoM Wilton. The lightly w^ghied. -Jjanternj vth©< Was generally "regarded _as being eaisflydealt With, was back&hifo; Jwitf' Stair stake? He had the goodf<fct*nie t© get clear of the rock tdo, rohsbSft^lifterihe word ^go^^wte 'given," a4 bbflna ted was never and 'won eiasily by three ''T^e Ghost l^A h^'i^ld^nd place. Sooth Aua India thnsgot first and second. What* ever chance Topaz may hare had, was lost by his' delay at the" start—a fault which, cost' him oyer a dozen lengths. He was with the leaders again half .way. round, -but after that was never seen again in the front rank. The Sires' Pro duce Stakes fats simply a question of ; which of the three Gand Forward young sters was the bfest. 1 The public settled the matter beforehand by unanimously selectihgSir Thos. Elder's filly" Juanna, who prored that hernbilifcy was equal to her good looks by galloping away from Bemns Snd^the Teacher. Eighteen horses started for the Victorian Handicap, which was* won bjf that .speedy animal Pjrrette, Honors ~and Meander - gaining -place honors. The runaway victory of Lantern on Satiirdmy last was another instance of the unintentional mistakes made now and again by haadicappers in framing the weights for as important race. True it is that the previous form of the South Aus tralian was not at first sight good enough, nor the' • company- he successfully ran amongst any sufficient line to warrant Mr. Barnara in being severe with him, but a glance at his performances will show he has invariably been called upon to carry big weights. The name of Lan tern does not appear in the Turf Register as a two cr three year old. Last year he was oat-"seven times, on four occasions earning winning-brackets, namely, in the Maiden Plate, at Wentworth ; the Plying Handicap, at this same place, three months later, as also the Ladies' Trophy and Free Handicap.'' At the > Adelaide Racing Club meeting was nnplficed td Topaz; in the ■City "Handicap, of'one ntAh,; the winner ' carrying 121b. more, Slid -be5 has, more over, finished a long way behiitd Gymk hana. Lantern was introduced into the "betting '"last Monday, When h» was backed to win both the Goodwood han dicap and Adelaide Cup for all the money fti the market at 60 to 1, after which 35> to 1 was' the most liberal offer. For Saturday's race the respeetable price of j 10 to 1 has always been obtainable. The ! connections of the gelding are understood to hare netted several thousands through his suocess, : and they can 'now hare splendid hedging for the Cfnp in the doablbs, for whieh latter event 4 to 1' was" taken finely on Saturday night in tho Victorian Club ;" and the Gup really looks a certainty for Lantern, inasmuch as hislOlb/penalty only brings his weight up to bib. more than he carried in the Goodwood. . But allowances must be. made for aceidents ahd'contingencies ; as was illustrated by theCoronet j&jico; ~in the Australian Oup. A London-telegram gives ns the result; of one of the great Spring Handicaps, the City and Suburban, which was ran at 'Epsom on Wednesday last. Mr. H. 8\. Tidy's bay colt Bird of Freedom, was the hero' of the occasion. MacMahon and Woodlark were second and -third. 