Tales and Sketches. GHOST? An Unseen Tail. I had just returned from Toronto—whi ther I had gone to estimate the cost of a public work—with an amusing party of friends. The train was delayed a few hours near Vandreuil. When I left the tumble-down Bona-venture station the night was very late, the weather wet and windy ; the streets a long series of pud dles flickering under the gas. Hurrying along I crossed street corners diagonally, kicking up about the curbstones heavy masses of new-fallen leaves. At the street door I stood for a few moments fumbling with my latchkey. Were I impressionable I might have thought, so strangely did the wind act, that unseen fingers clutched my garments and that forms scarcely impalpable inter posed between me and the dark hall within! With some aid from a match I felt my way up two pairs of stairs and stood within my room. Lighting the gas I looked around. Though nothing was un familiar or changed a aingular air of de sertion pervaded the place. I shivered i slightly, being strangely chill, and for a ! |U»iU18"tfnHhiiflght of abandoning the ftten J tion of taking a bath before bed. But to j turn in with that grimy feeling which comes from a long railway journey was i out of the question. Nor was I sleepy. On the contrary, my senses seemed al most preternaturaliy acute, and my head delightfully clear and capable. Go to bed ! Nay. There were some intricate! " calculations of strains required next day, and to which I determined to devote my self after bathing. It was not that I did not wish t.o go to bed, but that I knew I could not sleep, and that I dreaded the horrors of insomnia from which I once suffered. I remember regretting that my doctor had ordered me to give up smok ing, for a pipe would, perhaps, hare given me a drowsy feeling. Down to the bathroom I went, and, turning on the water, regained my room. Certainly there was not the least unusual sound in descending or ascending the j stair. It is impossible to believe that my ! nervous condition can have chauged I greatly, changed without cause, during the ahort time, after going back to my room, while I was engaged in undressing. As all in the house had long, been in bed, there was no danger of meeting any one on the stairs in my semi-nude condition so I throw off my coat, my waistcoat, and white shirt, put off my boots, and thrust iny feet into slippers. Then I wound my j watch, laid it under my pillow, brushed my teeth, and read a page or two of Lord Raleigh's address before the British As- i sociation. These particulars are men tioned that all may understand how per fectly I remember every occurrence of a ! night on which I was entirely calm and J observant. With towels, matches, flesh-brush, and sponge on arm or hand, I attempted to . °nen thedoor. For a moment it refused o OpenTbBing-neta- nr some "unexpected" fashion, then it came to my hand with -a ; rush. The gas light violently bent and ' swayed witliv quick drift of air to and through the windows. Yet some force j acting in a contrary direction sharply; closed the door behind tne. Groping to the head of the stairway I j paused in the absolute darkness. From the water falling in the bath-room there was a faint monotonous roar. Suddenly i a child's voice broke on the gloom in the wild but not loud tone of appeal, " You won't be dead or go away, mother 1" The voice I knew well; it was that of j my landlady's second daughter, a little girl of 6 or 7, who slept on my flat So clear a treble breaking so suddenly with with an exclamation so quaint on the deep stillness of the night was weird and startling. What had disturbed the child's sleep f What had mysteriously touched her? As yet no definable thing seeming to indicate supernatural presences had oc curred. But now, having taken three steps downward, I stopped—my blood running heavily and cold, a creeping tre mor and thrill of skin over my whole body! What seemed a footstep had fallen behind me ! An unusual footfall! Not the last shuffling sound, not a creak of leather, not an impact as of a thing having weight, no suggestion of a human ! agent in the sound! It dropped lightly and stopped. With intensely strained hearing I listened for further indication of movement. Nothing ! Save for the pour and guzgle and roll of water into the bath the still-1 ness was intense ! I reasoned that the Bound had been a delusion. The stair stretches had given way with my weight! But I dared not turn my head. There was that sensation of mortal cold behind the eats! Hastily I took two more steps and now stood clutching the railing in extreme ter ror, shaking and trembling with the in-! creasing mystery. Distinctly had the thing fallen lightly behind me again—so close 1 It was as though some reiy light person, some almost imponderable body, had jumped after me with one foot a little ; in advance of the other. In this pre sumed action there was a suggestion of ! trickiness such as often goes with malig nity. Now again began the conflict of rea son against the horror that beset me—to account for the sound was impossible ex cept on the assumption of a spiritual pre sence ; to persuade myself that the sound was no sound but a mere imagining bred of darkness I could not. The effort to regard it as an illusion but sank me deep into the conviction (hat I had well and truly heard, whence the feoling—at first largely a mere corporeal one caused by the strangeness of the thing—changed to a soulshakeir-daqj of the imminence of a j . force, supernatural land probably malign. The child then had apprehended some thing portentous id her sleep! Now I could bear the ticking of the loud clock in the basement above the goigle and drop" of the water that, pouring into a nearly full bath, .more faintly pervaded the air and now I could well' hear, too, the rapid trim-hammer beating of ;the heart! Space seemed widening about me and the Immensities possessed the reel ing air! Turn back 1 For what ? It would be no less with me! And should I yield to though I might be unable to avoid the fear? Again I went down—one—two —three four—it had followed ! Stepping in time with me, stopping as I stopped, resting always on the step I had left! Mortal nerves were not made to endure a thing so strange. What was that breath on my cheek ? With the tension my power of sight seemed to increase and pierce the dark ness. Fairly outlined were the doors of the flat I approached. The dim light through the curtained light of the front door let me see down the well-hole the forms of furniture in the hall. Every- ] thing was real, familiar, commonplace.! All gave me assurance of reality in my ex- i periences; that the sound behind me was! a real sound, and, by inference, that an invisible, an impalpable, and sentient ex-1 istence was haunting my footsteps! But was it impalpable? I could at least ascertain that. Nervously, shrink ingly, fearing I know not what strange contact I thrust my hand into the dark behind. Nothing there but the void air 1 In desperation I turned to face the thing —to look—nothing there but the black ness of darkness. With outstretched arms I felt the space from balusters to wall. Nothing! I nerved myself to take a step upward. Still nothing 1 The mysterious foot did not retreat before me. Once more I turned down stairs. Again ! keeping exact time, pawing as I paused, it followed till, overcome with terror, I leaned trembling against the wall standing on the lowest Btep but one. Out on the street a late cab rattled by. The water could now. be heard faintly from the bath. With loud reverberant strokes swung the pendulum of the clock. By a great effort I restrained an inclina tion to call on the sleepers near me. Lightihg a match I looked fearfully around. There were the walls familiar with a patten seen a thousand times be fore, but never, till then, in detail. In that* brief fire-light were visible the keys of the doors, the panels, the brush streaks of their paint, a spider web in the ceiling corners, minutest parts of old-fashioned cornice and centre-pcco, the vety threads of the worn carpets, Borne half-burnod matches dropped by lodgers, a geranium petal just outside the door of theipretty girl! I could make a long catalogue of trifles, of marks, always in that hall, but never seen by me till that short period of straining Vision to perceive some hint or outline of the impalpable and invisible haunter. The match flickered, its flame died. I held the glowing, friendly, ember aloft ,ti!l it expired, and again I was alone with J If_I J l., fol lowed oiice more. To the bath-room I turned; it was still close behind me. But no longer a foot ball—not now a sound of aligbtening. In stead there was a very faint, low sound as of a lightweight being dragged ! Instantly the truth flashed on my mind, and reaching backward I clutched at the lengthy sus penders which, dragging and falling from step to step, bad excited sensations that the most experienced ghost might have bean proud of producing. .—Detboit Feed Press. 