Cricket Gossip. Bt Cexbob. 'Theiricket season is slowly giving up the ghost, and in dication aieemywhem prevalent that as far as senior cricket is concerned the curtain has fallen. The juniors, however, merrily kes&jthe; ball rolling, and there is great interest and considerable eatatMiawn ovet the final coateete for the cop. Isdacd one notieeaUs ieatore of the season has been the interest felt by the pubik in the junior contests. Consider ing the manifold disadvantages under which oar junior players pursue the game, it is astonishing the amount of ardour tfcey put into their work. 'With all the accessories to aid and foster first-class cricket, the BDirit of the Dialers engaged in matches npon our only cricket ground is luke warm compared -with that which characterises the minds of many hundred! of joungaters playing on matting in the Park and on the Agricultural Society's ground. It is to be hoped that some effort will be made by the Junior Cricket Association to secure a piece of ground before next season comes round. If the council of the Agricultural Sxstety had ihe necessary enterprise,- they would long since bare made a cricket ground and running track on that enclosure for the special use of our rising, athletes. The only obstacle in the way is the City Council, and I feel certain that our city fathers will lend their countenance to the project if the matter be properly representrd to them. There is positive need for. another properly appointed recrea tion ground besides the one in Moore Park.' Physical training is no leas a part of man's. Hie than his mental training. That both walk hand in hand, that a sound-mind cannot exist without a sound body, that a happy combina tion of both produoea a harmonising nature and makes men th« better citizens, matt be acknowledged by all. Our Sydney youth are languishing for the want of more en closed grounds.' In crowded cities like owa the facilities for exercise such as will tend~to bring about desired results are few. There is but one cricket ?ground and one gymnasium, and no arena where there are proper facilities for. carrying out our athletic gatherings and cycling meetings. Let a monster deputation from the athletic, football, and cycling institutions of Sydney-co-operate- with the Junior Cricket Association and waifupon die City Council for the purpose of securing a pieoe of ground in Moore Park or obtainirg for the -Agricultural 8ociety-the right to charge- for admis sion to the enclosure on all occasions during the year. An important meeting of the Victorian Cricketers' Asso ciation was .held .at Melbourne on the 10th April to consider: tureqnisiuon signed by several members of the Cailton Cricket Club praying for the reawval of the disqualification tinder whichthe Victorian contingent of the last Australian. Eleven are labouring. Mr. Justice TVilliams- occupied 'the chair. Mr. Browning, Jn -supporting the requisition; said ttem*s*o»^ubtttta*«ric^4**his'eo^ had ?offered to a great extent by the exclusion of Messrs. M'D-mnell,ik)yle,-Bliokhaai, J3onuor,-and Palmr. He thought tfae disqualification had. lasted long enough, and moved thir following resolution :— ' That .tha. disqualifioa^ tion. of the Victorian ontingent of the last Australian Eleven be nowTemoved by far Association.' For tenrtl minutes no ooe rose to secoqd the desolation, but at length Mr. David Scott {Boyle** partner) got up and did so. The mobofu was then pute to-- tha -meeting, -Messrs.- Beott- and Browning- being.-thwmly-mambers-whosapported it; aH the aoftats jt- ting against iU -The chairman,- ux declaring the result of the voting; remarked that he was perfectly satisfied, from letters hebttUTeurivadfrum the old country; that had \- 4l- «-. ii.l.i;.. - ..kJI JUt '«lw-. «_ if AtA U, ........ -J to the-Vietoriao cenungent of : the Australian team-no Aus tralian Eleven* vi-«tmg: England in future would have met wrh -anything bat* the coldest of cold receptions. He believed that the action of this body would have the effect of thesext Australian eleven meeting with a very eordial. reception from, the- cnoketenrof the mother-country He atruLglj -advise4, 'Thwssdeiatnm to amend 'its roles so as to clearly define the distinction which existed -between an amateur player and a professional. If such a rule had been bi existence, it would~probsbly have prevented many of the djfflwrfti frirbJch* had~arisem and might hawe-warted the disqualification of the players alluded to by Mr. Browning. Another motion-made by Mr. Browning, recommending. fhB duquBlAcatka, fell to the ground, there being no The remarks of Mr. Jostice WflKsms, president of tie Victorian (^fcs^AaeoeJ^^aatorlhe.necamsttyteryTOB, ~ ntfes which vwiiL dearly iuefise~ ths'statanctmr? whleh at1 pTPeent exists in Victoria and in-New Sob* 'Wales between amateur and professional cricketers cannot- but meet witi* the approval of fell loversof the game. An amatuer cricketer ofthe present nay leeeive* as-muob-ornearrysoas a pro \- -fassifmal did ? ia-ao olden tknasjand the aipaniws inoun nection with an fn***-*****iT**M* 'nt'h yy ew-u'*i-c bo large as. foabsorb nearly all the profits of a match with a monster attendance. Moreover, thenotel bills are very large, high priced wkes often being found among the. items. The amateur tooms tha 'bus or taramppreferriiigthe-hansom cab. If -a tradesman who is not a professional cricketer be selected : to-playy ae-iism isMr ohasgea, isrsridttiBC -to lrisHnpa» sm, ?= twos as much as his wages would e©u»e to. - There have been cases where Civil Servants have bten known to receive their salaries white absent, and .charge for their services in the vary match for which they- have obtained leave of absence. The whole of the difference between the fourth Australian Eleven and Shaw's profes sional team arose over the money; the former, while arrogating to themselves- the tide of amateurs, did not hesitate to demand as much money for playing as profes sionals.' The question must quickly be settled orit will be many years before another Australian Eleven -visits the old country, fiules should be draws up jointly by the cricket asKxaaious of New Sjuth Wale*, Victoria, and South Australia, and it should be dearly specified by them what expenses be given to amateurs, and whit rate of remunera tion be given to professionals. Am amateur cricketer in England— W. Q? Grace alone excepted— nceives bis hotel expenses, his rail fare, a small allowance for cab hire, but is allowed no choke wines. Mr. James Lilly white, of the English Eleven, has written a long letter to. the press, in which he effectually disposed of many of the statements made by the Australian Eleven to oover their recant foolish action in standing out for half the profits of the matohe* they wished to play against the visitors. I give the following extract from the letter, which is dated Adelaide, April 6, the day the visitors left for the old country:— * With regard to the Australian press, in the opinion of eU right-thinking men, they took' their stand on the right aide, which has been confirmed by the chief dobs in England, who, much as they would eeu mm anything jwnsjSi tnair prafessinnsls. would, if right. go for them tooth and nail, which they have done and will do on this occasion. The endeavour to arrange the match at Sydney plainly showed ns what we might expect from men who, by their own oonfesrion, had been so well treated in -England, and those men in the future will not find the English public so ready to receive them with open arms (Mr. SpoCorth excepted). It is very amusing to hear that all the blame rests with Mr. Con way, particularly to a person who has peeped behind the scenes, like myself. Why did Mr. Alexander interview Mr. Coaway in Mr. Kelly's and my presence, in front of the Old W hite Heart Hotel, last November, re terms for a couple of matches, if he was not recognised by them as the Endfah manager?— and, I can safely say, a manager who can'beat at all pouts any one I have seen, whether it is to run a British tram through the colonies or an Australian team through England. For my part, I am extremely sorry that such a misunderstanding should htve taken place, always having taken the greatest interest in Australian cricket in England; and no Australian could have been more proud than I was over the grand success of the pioneer team under Mr. D. Gregory in 1878, I at that time having arranged their programme. Allow dm, through your columns, to ex press the thanks of the Englishmen for all the kindness received throughout the whole of the Australian colonies. Wherever we have been the naudofgoodfellowahip and hospitality has been accorded us.' During the Easter holidays the Carhngford first eleven journed to Carcoar, and sustained a severe reverse at the bands of the local players, who scored 130 to 32 made by the visiting, team, none of whom .succeeded in obtaining double figure distinction. The highest scorers for Carcoar were T. Thompson 38, F. Marsh- 19, T. Shearing 14,' and W. Criaby.10. A couple of days attsrwards, however, the Carcoar men were in turn -vanquished, 11 players from Dennis Island easily defeating them, the scores being Dennis Island 171, Caroar, 62. The feature of the match was the fine batting of sSweatmau, who sooted 94 for the victors; C. F. Studdatt, with 23, and H. Butler also bitted well. T. 8hearmg, with 21 to his name, was the only one who made any headway against the Dennis Island bowlers. In a match playel on Saturday at Melbourne, between the East Melbourne, and. the _ Warehousemen^ v Club, the former went in first, and kept possession of the wickets during the whole afternoon, scoring 234 for the loss -of eight wickets. The features of the play was the brilliant innings of H. Musgrove, who made the fine score of 122. Deapita the rain on Easier Monday, the Bvrock and Nyngan clubs met at ?Nyngan, -the result being a victory for the latter in one innings. Nvngan scored 97 runs in the first innings, while fiyrook only obtained 35 in. their first and 25 in their second effort. I am indebted to a country subscriber, from whom I shall be always glad to bear, for s m»e interesting particu lars of the three matches played by the Sihgletvtn Rovers at Singlt-ton during-the Easter holidays agtinst the Manly-, ~ the Eastern Suburbs, and the Orientals. My correspondent eaya:—*' Unfortunately fi* the visitors,- they -had- nor a chance to sea the Rovers in their proper form, because they bad mt any practice for about six weeks, or since the Cup marches were finished here. The two cracks, young Mackay-aod. Mather, each exhibited 'mastsrry-enckat, play ing the- bowling with- perfect fase and brilliancy. As shown by. their scores in the three matches, they collared the bowling in each match, and gave the visitors, as -well as -the general public, a treat. You can form an idea when I tell you that tfcey put on 100 runs in less than three-quarters of an hour against the Orientals without the sign of a chance, both of them show ing wonderful superiority over the-metiopelitan^bataaiea, . particularly the OrienUwf from. whom we expected some thing. Mackay's bowl-n? against the Orientals in the first innings was splendid, getting seven wickets for 47 runs. Power three wickets for 24. In the neooud innings Mather recured eight wicketefor 48,-and I thinkr-their performances all through this season place them as the two bes$ all-round ooltriu the colony. Praise is also due to Messrs. Power and ?Andarsou; -who bowled splendidly but with bard lack, particularly Power, who is usuallv high in. tbe bowlisg HVtirsgt!. In ihs- ?first innings of the Orientals M«ck«y secured' tour 'wteketsiti one ? over, viz.,— Donnan, ? Patrick, B. A. Ironside, and ticotC The Qriantals-afa0irad ibeUet ,play in their.. p'*''fl innings, p^r*fctli»«*iy f-ultnd. and Donnan. The eleven then ran up the respectable total, of 205\. Tho cracfc junior bowier Verm,. joL the. Eastern Suburbs,' was a gnat failure when opposed to. «och aa Mather and Mackay ; -font, accord\ng--to report, ha was not well. I must aUo-teflvtm-thatlhe three teams-left Starts ton ?witkfTsry credit for their all-round bfihaTJaat, aad.*!L we wish is to see them again inthe field* As tha Singleton public always appreciate the; manly jtamo, tha. Eastern Suburbs. became quite favoaritws, and- we were ; sorry at losing the«ooietf-Kf such a joUjr fins Jotaaf men, wao,wan a credit to tae.metropoUs.*? Xhe tiin^l^ravpsss&adds; Ihat the wioketkeepiag-ot W. J. Hone was one of . the features of thoswmalcfaesr' - 