THE TALK OF THE TOWN. CHAPTER XXXII. THE FEET OF CLAY. BY JAMES PAYN, Author of "By Proxy," &e.;, &c.; It is a terrible thing to be left alone with cue's <kad, and this might in some sort be said to have been Margaret's case when Mrs. Jordan had departed. Her Willie had become as dead to her; all that was left of him was the shameful record that lay upon the table fctfore her. Never more—save once— w»s she to see his face again in this life, nor did she desire to do so. She would have shrank from his hand had he offered it to her, and the touch of his lips would have been contamination. He had obtained her kisses as it were under false pretences, and she Bushed with shan.e when she thought of them. She did not conceal from herself that his behaviour up to the very last had been in keeping with his whole career. He should have come in person, whatever it had cost him, and confessed nis guilt, and not have left her a prey to unfounded terrors., It was cowardly and base and selfish. Miserable ss ehe had been on hiB account an hour ago, the was now infinitely more wretched. It was better to have thought him dead—and honest, than to know he was alive and a cheat. "He is only seventeen, remember," bad been Mrs. Jordan's words in appeal to her charity and pity, but they found no response in Margaret's bosom. " One can forgive anything at seventeen," was her reflection, "save hypocrisy and deceit" She forgave him as a very charitable person can forgive a cardsharper; there was no malice nor hatred in her heart against him, but she could never take him to her heart again. Was it possible, she wondered, that he could have been alwayB base? When he bad made that passionate protestation in Anne Hathaway's garden, for example, and besought her only to keep her heart free for him for a little time, to give him a chance of proving himself worthy of her; had he had this hateful plan of fraud and falshehocd in bis mind even then? If he was- not to be believed then, if what he said then was not the utterance of eenuine love and honesty, what word of man was .to be credited ? And if he was honest then, when did he begin to lie"? , It had been her intention not to lead this hateful paper; to commit it to the fiames; but a sort of terrible curiosity now urged her to peruse it. • She had no expectation of finding in it any mitigation-of her lost lover's conduct; any plea for pardon or even for pity. She had no wish to hear what he bad to say for himself; only a certain morbid Interest in it. ' . Yet as she opened the manuscript and her eyes fell on the well-known handwriting, they filled with unbidden tears. _ Great heavens ! how she had believed in him, how she had loved him ! Nay, how she had sympathized unwittingly with his very frauds, and longed and prayed for their success. Prayed far it—the thought of this especially s ppalled her. She found herself, for the first time, face to face with the mystery of life; with the difficulties cf spiritual things. It la strange enough (what happens often enough) that we should fall on our knees and implore the divine assistance to avert misfortunes from our dear* ones that (if we did but know) have already happened; but that we should implore it (if we old but know) on behalf of faleehood, fraud—with the intent to prosper wickedness! This man, among hie other villanies, almost made her doubt of the goodness of God! The manuscript was voluminous It was written in the form of a diary, bat interspersed with reflections and protestations. *' I protest," it began, " that I had no premeditated design or the idea of any continued coarse of duplicity when my first error—the production of the Hemynge note of hand— was committed." " He calls it 'an error,'" thought Margaret with a moan, and indfeed the opening remark was the keynote of the whole composition, significant of all that was to come. He had been weak, it avowed, but never wicked; the victim not so mnch of temptation, but of overwhelming circumstances. "You know, Margaret" This unexpected personal appeal came npon her like a thunderclap; it was as though in that solitary room and in that solemn hour when night and morning were about to iceet, his very voice had addressed her. "You know, Margaret, what sort of relations existed at that time between Mr. Erin and myself; how, though he permitted me to pass as his son, he was far from having any paternal feelings towards me; that he had no sympathy with my tastes, no interest in my doings, and that he grudged me the cost of aiy very maintenance. Was it so very reprehensible that, having attempted in vain to ^ain his affection by the usual road to a father's heart, by diligence and duty, that I looked about me for some other way ? Knowing his passion for any relics of Shakspeare, it Btruck me that I might conciliate him by affecting to discover that of which he was always in search. 1 do not seek to justify what I did, but there was surely some extenuation tor it. " To show you how little of settled purpose there was in the matter, I took that note of hand, before presentation to your ancle, to Mr. Lavine, the bookseller, in New Inn Passage, and showed^ him the document for hiB opinion. He said it seemed to him to have been written a, good many years; ago (taking for granted that it was not imitation), but that the ink was not what it should be^ He told me that he could give me a mixture much more like old ink if it was my humour to produce the semblance of antiquity, and immediately mixed together in a bottle three different liquids used by bookbinders in marbling covers, and this I always henceforth used. I have applied to him again and again for more ink—a circumstance I mention not only to show the simplicity of the means employed in these so-called forgeries of mine, hut also the everyday riaks I ran of discovery. Do you think 1 could have endured Euch a position had I been merely actuated fcy the motive I have mentioned? Could human nature have borne it ? No, Margaret, I was sustained by a far higher ambition, for a mas may strive for a reward unworthily, and even though he is aware that he does not deserve it." The calmness of this reasoning appalled Margaret even more by its speciousness than by its falseness. Her instinct, though she knew nothine of these abstract matters, told her that such philosphy was rotten at the core. SS35 "The imitation of that note of hand was a false step, I admit," continued the writer, " but it succeeded beyond my most sanguine expectations. It altered my relations with Mr. Erin entirely, which of itself encouraged me to new deceptions ; but above all it oeeame a basis on which to build my hopes of !onr becoming my wife.. Hitherto I had ?oved you, Margaret, passionately, devotedly indeed, but with little hopes of ever winning yoru When I obtained that promise from your dear lips in the garden at Shottery, it was not merely with the selfish intention of excluding for a few months from your heart the rival whom I feared; I believed, as I still believe, that my talents were of a high order, and I thought that at no distant date they would meet with public recognition: that some 61 that praise, in short, which I have sained under false pretences would have been accorded to my owp legitimate efforts. The time during which you promised to keep yourself free for me, however, was now .drawing to a close, ana I felt that I had not advanced a single step on the road to eit her fame or fortnne. I was madly in love with you. I felt that you were tli pping out of the reach of my arms, and the terrible temptation suggested itself to secure yon by the means that had already gained me so much In so unlooked-for a manner. If I could onljr make myself necessary to your uncle by ministering to his ruling passion, perhaps^he would give his consent (which otherwise I well knew conld never be obtained) to our immediate union. Not greed, I swear it, no, nor even the desire of recognition (thongh enly as it were by proxy) for my genius, were my inducements to persevere in my course- Lore only was toy call, And if I lost thy love, I lost my all. It was terrible to Margaret to read such words; they almost made her feel as though ehe bad been a confederate in the delinquencies of this unhappy boy. Terrible, too, was the appearance, nnder dates, of his particular acts of forgery, each set down in a matter-of-fact and methodical manner, and concerning which the total absence of penitence ana self-reprobation was little lees painful to her than the fallacious self justification in which he had indulged elsewhere. " Nov, 2nd—Love-letter and verses to Anne_ Hathaway. Five stanzas and a braid of hair. Hair a gage tf amour from a young playmate; the silk that bound it had attached the seals to some old deed. It was thickly woven and twisted in some peculiar manner, which I judged would suggest antiquity. „ WIM^ Nov. 7th—Playhouse receipts. String for them, some worsted thread taken out of some old tapestry in the waiting- room of the House of Lords, where I went to hear His Majesty's speech with Mr.'Erin. " Dec. 2nd—The Profession of Faith. My most ambitious performance (except the play). I solemly affirm that bit for the praises bestowed npon my good fortune (as it was held) on the previous occasion, I should have hesitated to compose this document. On the other hand, you know, Margaret, bow earnestly desirous Mr. Erin always was that Shakspeare should be proved to have been a Protestant; if I could please him in this I thought that my way to his heart would be made easy indeed. Moreover, I bad myself the most rooted objection to anything like bigotry or superstition. In penning the Profession I formed the twelve letters . contained in the Christian and surname of Shakspeare as much as possible to resemble those in his original autographs, bnt as for the rest I was only careful to produce as many doubleyous and esses as possible. It was a most simple performance, and executed with so little prudence that (as you remember) the word " leffee" was introduced instead of " leafless." Nor did I take much more trouble with the composition itself. When, therefore, I heard Dr. Wharton pro nounce such an eulogium. upon it—" Sir, we have many fine things in our Church Service, and our Litany abounds with beauties ; but here, sir, is a man who has distanced us all" —it is hardly to be wondered at that I was intoxicated with so unexpected a success._ It corroborated very strongly the high estimation in which I had always held my talents, and I resolved, since the world would not recognise them in my proper person, to compel it to acknowlege them under another name. If I v, as not so great as ShaksDeave —and indeed I have sometimes believed myself to be so—I had at all events a soul akin to him." . The inordinate and monstrous vanity of this icrnark did not escape Margaret's notice, but it did not give her the pain that his other reflections had done ; it even afforded some jialliation of his deplorable conduct. The apiiioDation of so many learned men, deceived by a great name, had been evidently taken by him as an involuntary recognition of his own genius, and in a manner turned his bead. She tried to persuade herself that he henceforth at least became in some degree irresponsible for his own actions. " It was about this time," the confession continued, "that I was almost ruined by the treacheiy and malignity of Reginald Talbot, for it was he, you remember, who induced Mr. Albany Wallis to confront me with a genuine signature of John Hemynge. I look upon that as the most dangerous peril I have yet encountered, and, at the same time, the cause of my greatest triumph. It seemed incredible, and no wonder, that 1 should have produced within the space of one honr and a quarter (including the time spent in going and coming, as was supposed, to the Temple, but in reality to my own rooms at the New Inn), a fac simile of the other John Hemynge's handwriting, unless it had been a genuine document. _ By that time I had become an adept in imitation, and could also retain in my recollection the form of letters in any autograph which I had once beheld. I brought back a deed sufficiently similar to the original to set all Mr. Wallis's doubts at rest.. It did not, however, satisfy my own mind, and that very evening I executed another deed more carefully, which I substituted for the former one, and which stood the test of all future examinations. From that moment, irdeed, save those who had been my enemies from the first, and who probably never would have believed in the Shakspeare manuscripts, even though they had been really genuine, I had no serious opponent, with one exception, and for some reason or another of his own he has never shown himself antagonistic to me." There was much more of it; the whole composition of the "Vortigern" was described, with Talbot's connection with it, just as it had been narrated by Mrs. Jordan. But what chiefly engaged Margaret's though ts, and caused her to refer to it again and again, was that allusion of William Henry's to that one person who, not belonging to theMalone faction, had all along discredited his statements, though, " for some reason or another of his own, he had not 8hown_ himself antagonistic." This was certainly not Talbot, who had shown himself antagonistic enough, nor was it evidently any confidant of the unhappy boy's. It could therefore only have been Frank Dennis ; he had, she well remembered, always kept silence wnen the question of the manuscripts was mentioned, and had even incurred Mr. Erin's indignation by doing so. But his nature was so frank and open that she could not understand how he could have tacitly countenanced such a fraud had he been really convinced that it was being enacted. It was curious, considering the great distress and pertubation of her mind, that a matter so comparatively small should have thus intruded itself; but it did so. x Otherwise, as may well be imagined, her thoughts had bitter food enough provided for them. That whole night long Margaret never sought her conch. The revelation of the worthlessness of her lover, made by his own hand, and, what was worse, made in no spirit of penitence or remorse, put sleep far from her eyes, and filled her soul with wretchedness. If the thought that things might have been worse can afford consolation, that indeed she had, for William Henry might have married her. If the play had been successful, and if Reginald Talbot had held his tongue, and indeed if he had not held it—for she would never have disbelieved in her Willie had he not torn the mask from his face with his own hand—she might have become William Henry's wife! The very idea of it chilled her blood. Bound to a liar, a cheat, a forger, by an indissoluble bond for life ! Vowed to love, revere, and honour a man the baseness of whose nature she would have been certain to have discovered sooner or later, but in any case too late! She had been saved from that at least ;*and yet how terrible was the blow that had been inflicted upon her! Sad it is to be left alone with our dead, how much sadder to be left alone, after they have died, with the revelation of their baseness, to find onr love lias been wasted on an unworthy object, our reverence paid to a false god. In Margaret's case matters were still worse, for she could not-evenkee^ the revelation to herself; she had not the miserable satisfaction, that some bereaved ones have when they chance upon the proof of a once I loved one s shame, of concealing it. It was I necessaiy that she should tell Mr. Erin, and | in reveafing the frand of which he had been the victim, wh$t misery was she about to inflict upon him ! How the whole fabric of the old man's pride would be shattered to the dnst, and how triumphantly would his enemies trample upon it! CHAPTER XXXHL BREAKING IT. As Margaret and her uncle sat at breakfast the next morning—later than usual, as was their wont on Sundays—scarce a word was interchanged between them. Her pale face and haggard eyes evoked no remark from him, who, indeed, himself looked pale and worn enongh. If he had spoken upon the subject of the play it misrht have been made easier to her to tell him her dreadful tidings. But as it was, she felt herself unequal to the task ; she could not break in upon his gloomy thoughts with such black news. She almost hoped, from bis set lips and knitted brow, that be suspected something of the truth; otherwise surely, surely, she thought, he would express some anxiety concerning the continued absence of William Henry. She was, however, mistaken. Where affection is not concerned, even the catastrophes that happen to others (and much less the apprehensions of them)_do_ not concern us so much as our own material interests. With a mere pretence of a meal, the anti- Quary produced pen and ink, and proceeded to make some calculations. In the middle of them arrived Mr. Albany Wallis. His face was even graver than usual, which his host, however, thought natural enough. He took it for granted that he had come upon business connected with the play, the failure of which was sufficient to account for his depression ; or his melancholy^ perhaps, might have been put on with a view of cheapening the terms that had been agreed upon with his employers. But Margaret felt, the first instant she caught sight of the visitor's face, that he knew all, and did not need that dumb assurance of human symathy, the close, lingering pressure of his E and, to convince her of it. "This is a bad job," said Mr. Erin, with a pretence of briskness. " I suppose Sheridan will not give the play another chance ?" " Certainly not, said Mr. Wallis decisively, " • Almeyda is on the bill for to-morrow.'' "Then there is nothing for it but to settle, and have done with it. It is quite as great a disappointment to me as to the management, I do assure you, -and eventually will be as great a loss. I have ordered the paper for the publication of the play, and must needs go on with it. I cannot break faith with the public.'' " You are a man of honour, 1 know,' said Mr. Wallis gently; " but for that very reason you must not print this play." " And why not, sir ?" " Because it 1b spurious." " That was not your opinion yesterday, Mr. Wallis, nor is it mine to-day. What, because a few scoundrels have bespattered it, and done their best to make it a failure, and succeeded, you call it spurious!" " Mr. Erin, I entreat you to be calm, am as sorry for what has happened as you can be, though not, perhaps" (here he stole a tender look at Margaret), " tor the same reason." " It needs no ghost from the grave to assure me of that much." replied the antiqnary derisively. " You have your own interests, and those of your employers, to look to, and I have mine. V ou are here, as 1 conclude, to pay me the three hundred pounds agreed upon for the play and half the profits of the first night. The house was full enough, at all events. " Yes, it was a good house. Your share of the adventure is a hundred and five pounds exactly. I have therefore to pay you four hundred and live pounds." " Very good ; Icannot permit any deductions. If it was worth while to discuss the matter, I might on my part reasonably make complaint of the manner in which the play was acted. Kemble never gave it a fair chance. At Covent Garden it would have had more justice done to it, and might have met with a better fate." " Then it would have met with a fate that it did not deserve, Mr, Erin." "I do not wish to discuss the Bubject," said the antiquary curtly. His reply would probably have been much less courteous but A for the production of the bills—Mr. Sheridan . paid everything in bills—for the amount in question. Bills and banknotes are the best "soft answers" for the turning away of wrath. | " You misunderstand me altogether, Mr. Erin," continued the other with dignity. *'I had no intention, as you seem to have apprehended, of disturbing your business arrange- i ments with Mr. Sheridan, which may be j taken as concluded. I am sorry to say I am come here npon a much more unpleasant errand. I am here at the request of your son, William Henry." Ah ! I see," broke in the antiquary with bitterness ; " his professional adviser. He shall not have one penny more than the share -one-third of the profits—that has been agreed upon." Then he turned to Margaret. " So you have told bim my determination of last night, have you, and he meets it by a declaration of war? Let him do as he pleases; but I warn you, hussey, that if once you throw in vour lot with his, I have done with you. Tne money that is his by rights is not much, as you will find, to keep house upon." Margaret strove to speak, but her toneue clove to the roof of her mouth. It was shocking to see the old man's rage, and none the less so because it was so misdirected. If his passion was so aroused by the mere opposition (as he supposed it) to his will how would he take the destruction of his hopes and the knowledge that he had been made a public laughing-stock? Whatever he had been to others he had been kind to her ; and, abhorrent to her as was the_ crime of ingratitude, Ehe would ha^e been willing to rest under its imputation if by 60 doing she could have spared him the revelation of the truth. Dear uncle," she presently murmured, with faltering voice, and laying her little hand upon the old man's arm, you wrong me in your thoughts ; but that is nothing, as compared with the wrong which has been done to you. All between William Henry and me is over ; for the rest of my life I will endeavour to supply his place with you, and to temedy, as far as in me lies, the evil that he has committed against you." " What is it ? What is she saying 1 I do not understand," enquired the antiquary in trembling tones. " She is telling the truth, Sir," said Mr. Wallis impressively. " Heaven send you the strength to bear it." " Dear. uncle, you have been deceived," said Margaret with tender gravity. " From first to last you have been deceived, as we all have been. ~ The Shakspeare manuscripts, of v hich you thought so much, are forgeries— every one of them. William Henry has oonfessed it." " You lie, you baggage, you lie !" he cried with fury. "I wish I did," sighed Margaret bitterly. He did not hear ner; there was a singing in his ears that shut out all other sounds. "So this is the last card you have to play, you two, is it? I am to be frightened into compliance with your wishes; frightened into annihilating common sense, and making two beggars happy I And you, you, Sir'.' he addea, turning to Mr. Wallis ; " you are not ashamed to be a confederate in such a sche me as this ? These two young fools think it is for their sake, but I know better. You are one of Malone's creatures. Having already failed by fair means to disprove the genuineness of these manuscripts, you have bought over this ungrateful lad to your side. • If you will perjure yourself,' you have said to him.' and ^admit yourself to be a forger, we will see that you do not lose by it; we will give you money—since the old man will not—upon which you and yours can subsist together.' Oh, liars and villains !" It was pitiful to see and hear him. King Lear himself, deserted by his own flesh and blood, and invoking heaven's vengeance on them, could hardly have been a more dreadful "Mr. Erin," said Mr. Wallis gravely, " if you see me in no way moved by the infamous accusation you have made against me, and even restraining a still more natural indignation at the dishonour yonr words have cast upon that innocent girl, it is not because I do not feel it; it is because I pity von from the bottom of my heart. That you have been duped and fooled by the falsehood Lof this unhappy young man is only what has happened to others, myself amongst them; but m your own case the reflection must be infinitely more bitter, since he who wrought the wrong was your own flesh and blood —one who has taken your bread, and bitten the hand that fed him. If you do not believe us. Miss Margaret has his own words for it in black and white." Here Margaret drew the "confession from her bosom, and laid it on the table beside her uncle ; his fingers were grasping the arms of his chair, and his face was fixed full upon his visitor in hate and rage. " If you will read it at your leisure," continued the lawyer gently, " you will at least have the ^satisfaction of knowing that, with one exception, no one has had any hand in this shameful fraud sa?e the miserable lad himself; that your nisce was as innocent of any knowledge in it, from first to last, as you were; so much even those who have been inclined to suspect you of any connivance in it must needs acknowledge, when they read that paper" Mr. Erin leaped from Ins chair, with an inarticulate cry of fury, and seizing the confession before him, tore it from left to right, and from right to left, into a hundred pieces. " Begone, he cried, " begone, both of you. Take her with you, I say. lest I do her a mischief; take her to the Perjurer, send her to the devil for all I care; but never let me see her false face again." With that he threw himself out of the room like one demented, and after the door had clanged behind him they heard his heavy step at first at a speed beyond his years, but presently with the tread of exhaustion and old age, creep np to his own room. " Is it safe to leave him, think you ?" enquired Mr. Wallis in a hushed voice. " Once convinced of the truth, his reflections must be terrible. To be deceived by one's own flesh and blood !'* " William Henry is not his son," said Margaret (juietly. In a time of anguish and distress it is easy to speak of matters which under ordinary circumstances we should shrink from mentioning. " Thank heaven for that!" ejaculated the lawyer ; " there is no fear, then, that he will not get over it. What I took for paternal resentment is partly, no doubt, exasperation at the exposure of his own credulity. The only reason for yonr remaining here after his express commandment to the contrary no longer therefore exists. Your doing so for the present at least will only remind him of his misfortune, and aggravate its bitterness. I have a sister who keeps my house for me, and who will welcome yon as a mother; I entreat you to accept of her hospitality, not only for your own sake, but for that of your uncle. Indeed, after the threat he has made use of, I must insist upon your accompanying me." " I am not afraid for myself; I am sure he will never harm me. Indeed, Mr. Wallis, I cannot leave him in his solitude and wretchedness." "He will not be solitary, Miss Margaret. I will drop a hint to Mr. Dennis, whose intention I know it is to call upon him this afternoon, to take up his quarters with him for a while." At the mention of Frank Dennis's r name Margaret changed colour — the idea of meeting' khim had suddenly become intolerable. " If your sister will give me an asylum for a few days," she hurriedly replied, " I think I will take advantage of yout most kind offer." In a few minutes Bhe had made her preparations for departure ; she trembled lest there should come a knock at the front door while she was yet in the house. She glanced apprehensively up the little street, as she sallied forth on Mr. Wallis's arm, lest some one with eyes that spoke reproof, without intending it, should come across her before she had gained the shelter of another roof. Some one whom she had never est! mated at his true worth, or treated as he deserved — some one she had blamed for his coldness and incredulity, but who had suspected all along—she was as convinced of it as of the fraud itself—the deception which had been practised upon her, but whom the nobleness of a nature that shrank from the exposure of a rival had kept silent. 