The Han with a Grievance. Unlike the knife grinder, I have a grievance, and my grievance is the compositor. Now, the compositor, as every one knows, was originally a " devil," and my own blighted experience leads me to suppose that the devil is still in him ; on no Other ground can I accouot for my own unhappy lot. But you shall first hear my grievance, gentlemen, and —thank you, I don't mind if I do ; the .heat is trying. I don't, as a rule, " look upon the wine when it is red," but, when in the company of gentlemen by birth and education, I don't mind relaxing a little—I am a journalist, gentlemen, more by profession than practice—thanks to the compositors and readers, who are my grievance and the cause of my obscurity. They have been bought, gentlemen, venially bought over by the edirors, who are leagued against me. But I don't complain of the editors—their opposition is easily understood ; it is of the wretched compositors and readers I complain, for they have no professional jealousies to smother—not at all, gentlemen, I- never aspired to be a compositor—a man who reproduces the thoughts of others. I am myself a producer. I was a poet, but editorial jealousy assassinated me. Talent, gentlemen, is nothing, unless you have influence, or can lend the editorial champion of liberty and independence an odd sixpence when you call to see him. Take my word for it, poverty wins golden opinions through the pewter, and contributions generally pass though the " private bar" before reaching the bar of public opinion. True, gentlemen, that has nothing to do with oompositors, but—ah ! thank you— not quite so much water—but, as I was remarking, you have been introduced to the editor I y the man who holds a bill of sale over his furniture, by his landlord, by some one, say, who keeps a buggy and has big nobs to dinner, then the editor sees that there is " something in yon." Even when you have written something which is not—ahem !—quite new—(those old fellows, confound them, seem to have appropriated everything good) it only shows how tbe true poetic feeling makes two men look at the same subject from a similar point of view, Your contribution is inserted, and then, gentlemen, the compositor or the reader steps in and crashes yoa. You will understand my bitterness, gentlemen, when I tell you that after deep and earnest thought I produced a poem which would have made me a reputation ; this was spoiled, completely spoiled, by the compositor. It was a splendid effort of the imagination, treating of the human attributes and speaking' of man's natural instinct for a heavenly termination to his labors. I said :— " to wander in Elysium, And heaven-bora reason lights him to the gate; Of hell no fear* assail him; he has made hi> peace. With Satan and his hordes there is the bitterness Of sore defeat; in angels' bosoms joy is uncontrolled, At ouch a sight " —Quite so, I know that the sentiment is ir- reproachable, but you can easily understand my feelings, when T read as follows :— " to wander in Elyrium, And heaven-born reason lights him to the gate Of hell; no fears assail hum,—he has made hia peace With Satan and his hordes. There is the bitter* ness Of sore defeat in angels' bosoms; joy is uncontrolled At such a sight " And you will not wonder at the howl of indignation which burst out. Tbe compositor effectually Btitched me up. The Bishop of Coogee and my other patrons deserted me and the promise of the next vacant beadleship at the cathedral was forgotten.—well, gentlemen, not to offend, I will take another. No water, thanks, moderation is a great virtue, and against the thing, " which biteth like an adder" moderation is your only safeguard.—After that, I I gave up poetry and took to prose, and had the same luck from another chowderheaded compositor. I wrote what was really a magnificent article on "The Benefits of a Clear Conscience," which I brought to a conclusion by saying: " We, therefore, se^ that the greatest check on our actions is that internal conscience, whieh courses through our existence and smoothes the way to all good actions." Now, gentlemen, that's a fine conclusion, would you think the conclusion equally tine if you read : " We therefore, see that tbe greatest check on our actions is that infernal conscience, whieh curses through our existence and smothers the way to all good actions." After tiiat, gentlemen, I gave up the ghost as an original writer, and got attached to the Morning Sunbeam as occasional help, and my ability wonld have brought me into prominence, bad I not again been doomed to suffer. One of our most able politicians had been confined to his house for some time by a severe attack of lumbago, but an important Government measure eame on, and it was expected that he would make an effort to support his party. He did so. The left side and hip of the aged veteran were giving him mortal twinges, so he was permitted to remain seated, resting his leg on a chair. He made a brilliant speech and the anxions opposition entrusted one of its most caustic and ruthless members with the task of answering the veteran. This he did ; for about three quarters of an hour there was a perfect tornado of scorn and vituperation, concluding with : "Yes, gentlemen, when I think of the imbecile policy of the Government, I am not surprised at its helplessness, nor am I surprised that they should And it necessary to bolster op their bad statesmanship by dragging from their retreat even those with dam aged political reputations, and even those suffering from rheum!" Now, I was particularly careful, but this is what I was made to say when the report was printed : " Yes, gentlemen, when I think of the imbecile policy of the .Government, I am not surprised at its helplessness, nor am I surprised that they should find it necessary to bolster up their bad statesman's flip by dragging from their retreat even those with damned aged politloal reputations, and even those suffering from rum !*' I took my departure from the office of the Sunbeam in a hurried manner ; and —just so 1 gentlemen, one good turn deserves another, so I don't mind stretching a point, and having another with you. Thanks—well, gentlemen, defeated alike in my poetical and my parliamentary career, I tried " Society Items ;" but my luck still pursued me, aud my first contribution was my last, f was sent to " do " one of the Flower Shows. I made a most elaborate article. I got the scientific name of the flowers from a drunken pardener, and my copy bristled with Latin and Greek ; I promised the secretary a " par " to himself, and. then my copy looked occasionally like a section of some colonial Debrett ; I promised one of Quong Tart's young ladies horourable mention in return for her information as to the feminine fixings, and the concluding part of my copy might have been a treatise from the Scientific Dress-cutting Asssciation. Altogether it was a most elaborate article, aud I expected it would attract attention. It did attract attention, for I concluded with one of the hints from Quong Tart's young lady to the effect that : " We were also glad to see that short skirts are rapidly growiog into favor as being more suitable for outdoor exercise." Did it attract attention ? I rather think so, for the confounded printer put in an " h" instead of a " k" in the word immediately following "short" You may laugh, gentlemen, but it was nothing to laugh at, for I had once more to earn my bread and butter as a tram conductor. But, thank heaven t I am again in the profession. I am now, gentlemen, one of the staff of the Tivilight Twinkier, where my poetic talents have gained me an honorable position in the obituary department, and tben the Brevities are—quite so, if you press the point, I give wsy ; though I rarely exceed a nip, it would show a want of courtesy not to join you in one more—confound them ! they've gone— I thought he was getting up to ring the bell! JBPTHA. 