POLICE COURT—ADELAIDE. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 7. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M.] Sugan Excing Mories was fined £1 for being drunk. John Curtin, for being drunk and using indecent language, was fined £2. Thomas Marshall was charged on the information of Henry Davis, station-inspector, Adelaide railway, station, with refusing to pay the legal tare for travel ling from SmithfieM to Adelaide. Fined £1 and or dered to pay the fare and costs, £1 6s. lid. Anna Webber Haigh was charged -with beinj a pauper lunatic She alleged in court that -she 4iad i seen a number of ghosts." It was stated that she hid been an inmate of the Lunatic Asylum. Referred to - Dr.- Jlayo for-exammation. Alfred Cotae-was charged on the information of 1 BingroTeSwan, landlord of the Dolphin, wittj ? ob£eining board and lodging nwH-r tlhe false pretence- .* that a draft bad been lodged in the Union Bank to ' lii? account by Mr. J.C. Lovdy. Mr. Lovely denied' listing received any draft from file defendant. - Cowie stated that he had no intention of defrauding the prosecutor,-but admitted that Iris etateineatas to the draft was false. Sentenced to two mantis 1 i iniprisounient with hard labor. wm!mn. Bettu was charged, on de informatiisa'Ot i Edward Emil LeUmana with indecently assaulting. -?lda Agnes LeUmann, a little1 gid, aged eight jean .and ten months, at Adelaide, on Thursday, February- > 5\. Alt. H. E. Downer defendea..lda-Agnes Trilmann taid she went to Conrad's butcher's shpp.-in Handle.. streets on .Thursday morning between 9 and 10 o'clock. The defendant served her, and after doing ? so assaulted her, touching her on tire knee. 6he%ad forgotten her change) and- the defendant followed Jbec w outside, and she snatched the money from bun. "When she arrived home she made a coraplnint, _ and returned to. the shop nittber elder sister,-and > identified the defendaut. In cross^iamioaiioo she— admitted that the shop was quite open to Randls strett, end that there were several other penonsin ?? tbe thop. She *vas- goiiip -nithoot her change,- and the defendant called her back. Edward EfirJ Ldl- ? iiann, father of-the littte giii, saw her crj-iaj. She ct'Uiplained to him, and he sent her lister back to the j shop -with her. V.C. Thoin arrested the prisoner, viho said "She was standing at the end of the - counter when I served lier. She ran away with out her clEJipe. I ran after her with it." For the defence Mr. Dovmcr snbmitted that the evi dence for the prosecution had not fihown that any. as< , Fault had been couuiutad, and that Itnraji absurd that the dcftiidaiit would Ciiiault tire child at tiat ? time . of day-, lie called the evidence of two prisons *, engaged in the shop^ct the time, .who saw. no nifitit . tie place, and who beard Btttiscall the child back -. for change, lhe defendant stated'that he eenred -, the child, - who gave him sixpence too - nrach lor the meat she had purchased. She was miking < awsy when he called her back and told her 6hehal-. forgotten her diange. He leaned over the counter, , and took, hold of her dress -to attract her ; attention. He . then counted the change, and meanwhile the child was walking away again. . He caught hold el her again, bat -while counting the ? woroyagaiashewentoutttntothefootpath. HeioW. lowed her and gave her the money, but took, no - liberties with her. Dismissed, i . . 