Southern Pirns on thc Qér ulJ:î lu««!« I» th* IVilic (S. M. HEBALD, 2 tth December.) I THSEE can hardly be a doubt now that fosi tiye action has been taken by Germany tai the Pacific. There may bc some doubt as to the precise nature of that action. Whether it has been a formal annexation of territory by the authority ot the Imperial Govern- ment, with à view to the establishment, of a permanent, orderly administratio»¿ or whether it has been the lae«? hoisting of the flajr in token th»t interests acquired by Oerman subject* from the natives by any firm «f purchase will be recognised and de- fended by the German Power, may not yet be.emite clear. ;As we rem: irked yWtertWy, Prince Bismarck has foreshadowed the adop- tion of the latte? polb'y. The statement in the STXSUÀRT» |K-intS to the former. Time will show vrlmt are the exact facts, tate in- telligence places it beyond doubt that posi- tiv« actiou of tho one »oct or the other has Wen taken. "A Berlin telegram irf Monday list informs its that "The information re ceiveil, here front Aaji&aua.; reporting the hoisting of the 0orman flag at New Britain, Kew Irvkml, the Admiralty Islands, and portions of the north coast of Nev Guinea n»s Wen »Bieially confirmed to-day," Under ordinary circumstances the oficial coanrma tion nf the information would he equivalent Mnrray Smith, after communicating with the Under Secretary for the Coaaues, tele-: graphing frrts* London to Mr. Service on Sunday last, " The Government ia in com- munication with Germany, who ia reported as pledged against any such steps, at least in New Guinea. The newspapers to-day state that the German Embassy aaa received official intelligence from Berlin declaring that"the report is quito unfounded." Was the Gcrataa Embassy in Loocka, thehi officially misled? The statement of th» STANDARD in Loudon, coupled with What IS practically an officio! conArnntion vf at least a part, of it ia Berlin-, pointe to tàe conclu- sion that either th« Embassy was officially misled, or that somebody dlnnecWd.with the Embassy misled the newspapers-. In Cither ease aa explanation is W^lifed. , But there w Another point requiring ex- planation, ^ According." .to, -the . STANDABD "Sngland has been aware' of the intentions Of Germany since July." The alternative here is that the STANDARD has been niiain formed, or that the colonies have been misled by the British Government. When instruc- tions were sent ont to Commodore Erskine to proclaim a Protettorate along the coast line of southern New Guinea, stopping short at a fixed point, the British Government did or did not know whet the desires or inten- tions of Germany with regard to New Guinea were, ff the British Government did not know, or understood, as Mr. Hurray Smith's telegram implies, that Germany was pledged against any annexation in New Guinea, the stopping short in the proclamation of the Pro- tectorate may l>e explained. '* Snflicient tor the day is. the evil thereof," Lord Derby would probably say; tcand why should we tfo another mile :ilong the coast now, if we can put off tlie extension of the Protectorate to a later date ? Why- do a thing at once,' when there is a possibility of doing it by halves f '' But if England did know, or had reason to suspect, that Germany bad an eye upon the northern coast, or a hankering for it, and deliberately avoided the extenúen of of the line of the Protectorate to the northern coast with the view of: obviating trouble and eomplic-atious, it would have been at least eouxteoua.to thc colonies to candidly acawow -Iniagi tliri'ffTrmart« fur limiting laèr actioa But whether the British Government has been aware or unaware of German intentions, the course nctually taken has been one tend- ing directly to lay the basis for future troubles and complications, instead of ob- viating them. The ide* of a coast-line Pro- tectorate, leaving absolutely undetermined the distance inland over which the iwflWnrs of the protecting authority might from tims to time be held to extend, ia peculiar tc begin with. Sightly applied, it alight have been effective for the purpose im hand with- out committing the Government to lespoasi bilities from which it desired to raisin free. Bnt to be rightly applied it should have heel applied to the arbole coast. .To establish.a Protectorate along the southern coaat-unf only was to leave it open to a*y othei Power-almost as if by tacit invitation-tc deal with the northern coan talina and thi whole territory inland. The man who want to protect a paddock against tresnaos is nol content with a fence «a only one ssde. Th« direct consequence of England's defectivi action will be that .sooner or later, negotia ' ' tions must be opened with Gertnaay to de \- termine inland boundaries. The chief objec of setting up a Protectorate on the coast onl; was to avoid the responsibility of administer ing government in the interior. But b; leaving the ground open for Germany t intervene, England has brought about th< necessity for determining some day wher German territoryJends,' and where tile terri tory under British protection begins, and u] to that boundary Bri ash authority wiU the) have to be maintained. Under present ap pearances, at any rate. Lord Derby'a poKc; threatens to defeat its own ends. The almos inevitable result of it would seem to be t compel Great Britain to extend the Prot« tora te from the original terminal point alon; the northern coast until the German limit i reached, and'to follow'that up'hy assertia; authority over the territory that lies he tween. If the idea of a coast-line Protêt torat: should not now be exchanged for tba of a territorial Protectorate, Engl ind wi] practically leave the. kernel td Germany, an hold on to a fragment of the shell. In this matter Lori Derby has undei valued the interests of the colonies and ova looked the true interest of the Empire. H im t certain aense obliged to repodiat " ' , : ta»»«.i.«i.iili»a" > ot' 'Ste Til 11 n H-rfII I III ssl taken without authority in the Queen' name. ?.; But by. failing to do immediate] afterwards with authority what the Queehi land Government undertook to do withon he missed the turn of the tide, and involve himself in difficulties which both his inactk and his action have only tended to inereas It is a mistake, to say that the colonies con] have protected their .interests more elfei tually against Germany if they had been ii dependent, or if they had established Federal Council. If Germany has not shrni from ' committing au unfriendly7 ' act " t wards Great Britain, the regard of an ind pendent Australia would have been vei lightly esteemed. The opinion of tl colonies in the matter of Nuw Guinea h: bon "unanimous. It could not have he« expressed with greater emphasis hy a eounc of l l. But it is bad for both the Imperi and the colonial cause when1 à ' Secretary State for the Colonies, undervalues their ii terests, fails to syntpathis* with their legit sate desires, shuts bis eyes ,to their fatui and treats them in the present with sew confidence. If Lord Derby is not open these charges, the defence that ia to de < hu reputation must be stronger tissai aa, thing which now appear*.. (MII^ÜENB JLJWUS, 23rd Dawbrr.) : -The news with regard to the Oaaxaaa a aftxation ia the Western Pacific aaeata"ac to be believed ia London. Oar csMa n ss«| from London states that the Bramas» hi formally notified the European F-us th it has Wh^ aver liatf-a- doaea of tha Facil groups; that the Nea- Britain aachiaalaj ?aasjheea.havMghtüi^ aa thai in additioa, a ftoteetent* mnt ti northern portion of New Guinea has bei proclaimed. It is quite evident OMS the has becB.some coan ia these, wattan, anal tl oaly question is as to ita exteax. : With 1 gaid to the islands we seed not aay aaythii to-day, bnt''with* regard to New Guinea it cannot be declared too early nor too strongly that Australia has a right to protest with bitterness and with strength against the recognition of any German claim. If the Eari of Derby cannot keep German hands off Papua, then Australia has been duped by the Secretary of State. The plain word of the .Imperial Government will have been brollen; i»3" When Sir Thomas M'ílwraith first hoisted the flag- in' ÎJW Guinea, and took possession cf the unoccupied half of the island, it was because of the uneasiness felt with regard to Germany ; and when the Earl of Derby dis- allowed that action, ho treated the fear «3 to Germany hs » myth nnd a bug- bear. Ger- many i wi in's told, had no intentions, so far »s the Papuan island was concerned, and moreover, it was alleged that any settlement upon the coast of New Guinea by any foreign Power ? would be regarded-'ns. an unfriendly act Sir - Thomas ~ M'Hwßiitli:: replied in words which lliiiy well be quoted : Sot only has loni Derby'« desiutefc failed to allay the apprehensions of .the -Australian jwiolile as to the possible occupation of.New Guiueu hy a foreign Power, lmt they have derived as little comfort from bis statement iu Parliament that the formation of a settlement on thc coast of tlutt island hy such a Power would 1« reganled hy Her Majesty's Goveru mcat us au unfriendly act. At th« Hinge at which the act could be regarded iii au iiufriendly oue, it »»st lîaïe N'èu already accomplished, .so tliat Irfvnl ! Derby's wonts are either a mere prognostication of rêsret or » declaration that Her Mnj»-sty'n. Kuènt wonkl imhtnit toe Mistter tn thto nrWtr»«e«t i ... SITt «»,». w*»» nt*. !&lj;*~*SS&Z;ï ,*SÄ? ?>i"i«iiw |ii jj,11 urattBrttaiM «o establish r a protectorate over the eastern coast of New Guinea if Australia would guarantee a cer- tain sum towards expenses. That guarantee was given at once. But no one o*n »ny that the pledge would be redeemed by creating a protecbH«hî ever the southern shores of eastern New Guille:» alone, and by leaving the Northern shores to tte foreign Power Which we were led to believe hnd no inten- tions in that quaffer: 8» syton Hs Earl Derby learns of rtny Gérnláil designs his plain duty is t*j irkfiuiate that he has delayed the Australian occupation of New Guinea for a time pending enquiry and arrangements, but that the unanneked portion of the island has been definitely promised to the colonists; and thnti therefore; ü forVi<m äettÜthnent is Impossible. ' Finn language of this character must have its effect, and, indeed, courtesy alone would Probably induce Prince Bismarck not to interfere, more especially as Germany is not interested to the extent of a penny piece in the island. Not a copra collector has his hut on the Coast; nor do thè SamOiln sbhevnief s use the harbours; The Beche«Ie-nier sta- tion's are those of the Queensland fishers, and the resident white men are either Aus- tralian poiueers or the able, zealous, and suc- cessful representatives of the London Mis- sionary Society. There is not the ghost of a German claim. The national desire of Aus- tralia to possess the land is well known, and the promise made to her by England stands recorded in half-a-dozen ofllcial documents, and ñó'Gérnian whim should be allowed to pre vail ajpun.it both. Otherwise, the situation would be unjust to both countries. Eastern New Guinea is composed for the most part of a long peninsula, little more than 100 miles in breadth, and if Germany lias one side and England the other, then it is certain that trouble must ensne. Given such a position, and offenders can escape from the one juris- diction to the other. A tribe at conflict with' the one Power can obtain arms from the other/and retrcat~into the fastnesses of the neutral country. To realise the position, we have only taiuiagine Taranaki in posses- sion of one nation, and the Waikato , owned by .another:' ) The peaceful' government, of New Zealand under such circumstances would have l>een on ? impossibility.. i .The episode of the. Stanley-schooner shows ..of it*ul£~ tbe advisableness of not bringing two European nations into communication with each other in an uncivilised conntry-even if there were not the history of America and of India to study-and it would be absurd to arrange for the transfer of the recent unfortunato strife between German and Australian traders in the Lachlan Isles to New Guinea. \- Danger seems to be in the air, and aa chairman of the Convention Committee Mr. Service will, we presume, cast about him to see if joint action is possible, to remind the Earl of Derby of his pledge, and to insist upon its redemption. What Australia ought to do at this juncture is to demand that good faith should be kept with us, ¡ind that the annexation of Eastern New Guinea should be no longer delayed. The Secretary of State should be made to understand that if he loses New Guinea he will stand before the English people charged with having played false to Australia, and with having done his utmost to shake the confidence and to alienate the affection of these colonies, and no English' statesman will care about facing an earnest accusation ot' that kind. We should approach the Throne with a prayer for his dismissal. If proper representations are now made, Lord Derby may realise that the sooner a situation that alarms and irri- tates in this manner is ended the better. 