t'UUISIHED DAILY TUESDAY. MARlCH 10. 1885. TuHEt is very little doubt that the feeling of irritation lately evinced both by Germany and France against England aries to a great extent from envy of the position in which two hundred years of colonising and commercial enterprise have placed England, a position which it is now hopeless for any continental power to hope to rival. And while the Conserva tive party are at the present time so loudly criticising and condemning !the policy of the Gladstone Administration, it may help us to an understanding of the reason why they can only criticise and cannot formulate an alternative policy that shall meet with the approval of the nation, if we briefly review the enormous responsibilities which the expansion of the empire, past and present, must entail upon any administration, be it Liberal or Conservative. The present position of af'airr, viewed from Mr. Gladatone's apparent stand. point, cannot be more forcibly put than it appears in an able article that appeared a slert timoe back in the London Economist, which, amonlgst other arguments, stated " The Europeanm Powers are under an enmotion -f desire for tropical territory, which may be temporary or not, but which is certainly strong, and Great Britain appears to be everywhere in the way. On every continent, except South America, alo has secured the best land free for settlement, and the deltas which appear likely to yield the most profitable trade. She is supreme in Australia, the Pacific, South Africa, the Valley of the Niger, and the Valley of the Nile, on the Yang-tee-Kiang, and in the unpeopled portion of North America. The Ganges, the Burram pooter, and the Irrawaddy are her own rivers, as completely hers as the Mersey or the Thames. She holds all coaling stations on the two routes to the far East. She holds the keys of the MBditerrantean, of the Rol Sea, of the Persian Gulf, of the Straits of Malacca, and of the Eastern Archipelago, and she rules in unquestioned and prac. tically lonely sovereignty the people of India, an entire fifth of the humtan race. Such a position maiitaitied with. out a csuncriptiun, and without crushing taxation, is no doubt grand, and may in Bertaid aspects of it be profitabloes, but it is ono which raises the envy of less successful states into something like of hato, and elicits, whenever a reverse occurs in any British enterprise, an out- burst of delight. Should this temper continue it may produce serious conse- quences, for although England may be beyond attack, and though the relative importance of continental Europe in the world is hardly ircreasing, still menace from many Poecra together might compel us to increase our artuaments until the burden pressed seriously upon the springs of national life. Already the situation, for which the national amhiti- tion is not so irresponsible as journalists profess to believe, has produced one naval panic and an outlay of five millions, and another scare might add most seriously to the high cost of a not quite effective army. . . . We are not among those who consider that restriction of possessions is a dogma, or who are blind to the fact that a new estate -may, under certain conditions, be a produc- tive property, or who deny that any circumstances can justify, or even excuse, direct conquest. We acknowledge, how- bror, a distinct alarnn at the excessive eoxpansion of area for which we have quite lately made ourselves responsible. We question if the British public, although nothing has been concealed, at all realises the amazing increase of its sovereignty, or if all the Ministers are fully aware how completely the pro- mises of this Government as to the expansion of territory have been allowed to fall into oblivion." The expansions that have been made within the last year or two only are then reviewed, and cer- tainly they appear startling- when col- lated together. As a matter of fact we are in possession of Egypt from Alexandria to Khartoum, and in com- mand of the Rod Sea from Suez to DMassowah, the cost of this occupation alone, from which England derives no direct benelit, being about half a million a month- In South Africa there is a large area under England's direct control, and unless men and money are employed to keep order, fresh complications will at once arise; the action of the North Borne s Company has. placed, in addition to Sarawak, a large slice of Borneo, the largest island in the world (counting Australia as a continent) under British control; the recenut Congo Con- firence at Berlin has just placed the basin of the L wer Niger, a territory soma 600 miles in diameter, under the charge of England'; a considerable slice of New Guinea, an island larger than France, has just been added to the British possessions, and all these annexaions and protec- turates mean increased responsibility and expense. In Egypt, England has so cepted a task in which half-a-dozen powers claim a right to interfere, and the Congo protectorate is also under inter- national control. In every part of the world, Great Britain is pledged to employ and pay soldiers, sailors, and ships to preserve order and enforce laws in civilised and uncivilised communities, to be responsible, in fact, for every- thins that needs doing or is not pro- perly, done, and this with little or no return except what can be secured by legitimate commercial enter. prise, and in some instances at least sub- ject to the interference and partial con- trol of other powers already jealous of her commercial and territorial power and en- k terprise.. Great Britain is pledged to h extensive but indefinite responsibilities all over thae ,orld for an indefinite time, and it is impossible that she can con- ecient:ously fulfil the gigantic and multi- m farious duties thus entailed without fall- ing into complications and misunder- standings with one or other of the Powers from time to time. The contingencies which may arise with Russia over the 'Afghan frontier question are alone aufnti cient illustration of the important issues involved at one point alone. We place no credence ill the jeremiads which a section of the Press delight to preach over the decay of Esgland'a great. ness, the decadence of her people and their martial spirit. England was never in a prouder position than at the present time, and men of the present day are made of the same stuffas those who fought under Wellington and Nelson, and prove it whenever the occasion arises. But at the same time we cannot deny that there never was a time when a firm hand was more needed at the helm, and anyone who will calmly study out the present position of the Empire and its responsibilities will find some excuse at least for the ap- parent reluctance of its present rulers to further increase its expansion, or add to its responsibilities. We have, however, the costfidenco that the mother land will come safely through her difficulties, and as we have already pointed out her pre- sent anxieties and responsibilities are building up around her loyal English speaking Inations that will one day sur- pass in numbers the seagirt isles from which they sprung, and instead of being sources of anxiety will become bulwarks round the world to guard the much- loved mother land. To-DAY the twenty-second anniversary of the marriage day of the eldest son of our beloved Queen will be celebrated. The iunio of Albort Edward l'rincue ofi Wales with the fair and graceful Pritcess Aleoxanldra of Denltsark was cosnmmated in 1863, amid muchs rej.icing, for it was undierstood to have been a marriage-of affection, and that has beoon well verified, for as eaclh year has rolled away into the regions of the past, both Prinme and Prin cess have through weal and wo.bedon drawn moreclosely together, and if any thing had been wanting to show that sickness antd death are the common lot of prince and peasant alike, the dark days of December, 1871, will be shudderingly re membered when in a darkened chamber the heir of England's throne lay day in after day and night after night tlaosing he in high fever. With bated breath of England waited in intense anxiety in the result, and during the whole of that troubled period the noble qualities of the th Princess came prominently forth. Nightly n- was ah. found watching over, soothing, in atd tenderly smoothling the pillow of the suffering Prince. And herconstancy and devotion were rewarded whent slowly but ng surely the crisis was passed, and in Feb he rary, 1872, i wonderfii thankagiving he service was held in St. Paul's Cathedral he t commemosrate hIiscompleto restoration to health. Since that time the wedded life of the RIloyal couple has been un clouded, blessed with a fair progeny healthful and ietelligeunt; the Prince and Princess have gone hand in hand, and to- day we fiod them in the full meridian of life as happy, and we have no doubt as loving, as the day which saw them united. OnU CABLE Nevs.-Tho"einfornlatiost hand from London. in reference to:!thl 11 position of affairs in connection with Russia's advance on the Afghan frontier is of a very important and serious nature. Earl Granville has issued England's ulti- natuss to Russia, demanding the with- drawal of the Russian troops from the Afghan frontier, and in reply Russia offers to give up her claims to the hill country above Herat, but refuses to abandon the territory already occupied by her troops. The Ameer of Cabul is sending rein- forcements to the front, and the British garrisons on the Balan Pass are being re- inforcedfrom India. Warlikepreparations are being made in England and India. The Russian troops are advancing south- easterly from the Caspian Sea. Large orders for cartridges are being issued by England and Russia to, manufacturers in the United States. " The colonies offer to send 50,000 men to England's aid in case of war, and the Turkish Government have made an offer to forim an offensive and defensive 'treaty, but to the lat- ter England has not yet replied. The Emperor of Germany is urging the Czer of Russia to make a peaceful settle- ment with England, but the result of his entreaty is as yet unknown, and the. whole situation is regarded as critical. The war in -China and Tonquin, in which the Freich are engaged, is still raging. The French have been compelled to raise the siege of one pf the forts in Tonquin, the Chinese having by desperate fighting forced them to do so. Great excitement prevails amongst European residents in Shanghai in consequence of the French having searched several English and American steamers. The French Press ridicule Earl Granville's apologetic statement in Irefe- rence to tile publication of so-called private correspondence which passed between England and Germany in reference to New Guinea in the Blue Book. The Admiralty authorities at home are anxious to promote theo formation of an Australian navy. By a terrible colliery explosion in Austria 120 persons have been killed. OnITuAnr.-Mr. Alfred Hall received a telegram from Melbourne yesterday in- forming him of the death of his father, Mr. Thomas Sydney Hall, which took place on Sunday at his residence, Collins- street, Melbourne, at the advanced age of 82 years. Mr. Hall enjoyed good health until a few months ago, when he was obliged to take to his room. He arrived in Australia about 50 years ago, and was the pioneer dentist of the colonies. He practised for many years in Sydney, Tasmania, and Melbourne. Mr. Hall was also educated for the medical profession, and took medical charge of the ship Margaret,which arrived in Hobart in 1835. He was married to a daughter of the late Mr. Andrew Bent, father of the Tasmanian Press. He leaves six sons and three daughters. THE INTERCOLONIAL EIGHT-OARED RACE. Owing to the illegible writing of a tele- gram received on Sunday night from our Hobart correspondent, a message relating to the forthcoming eight-oared race at Sydney was misconstrued. It should have read as follows:-"South Australia will not be represented at the forthcoming intercolonial rowing contest at Sydney." DANGER FROM AERATED WATERS.-The dangerous results attending the bursting of sodawater bottles from the over pres- sure of gas or a flaw in the gas was exemplified the other night at the Inter- national Hotel. The barman was about to open a bottle of sodawater, when the bottle burst, the glass cutting three of his fingers severely, while a large piece struck a customer some distance away, infliting a nasty cut on the forehead. STANFIELD AND DEAN'S COMPANT.-This talented company played at Westbury on 'Thursday'night to a very good house, and met with much success. On Friday they opened at the Oddfellows' Hall, Latrobe, to a big house, and the entertainment was undoubtedly a great success. On Satur day the house was literally crammed to witness their last performance, when a a change of programme was made and met with an enthusiastic reception. The com pany have decided to playagain at Latrobe on their return from the coast owing to the unqualified success of their first visit. r LAUNCESTON VOLUNTEER RIFLE REGI cENT.-Tho above-named regiment will e assemblelfor parade to-morrow morning at S6'30 o'clock for instruction in pitching and striking tents, when the commanding officer trusts that all ranks will make an effort to be present. EVANDALE COURT OF REQUESTs.-To day being apublic holiday, his Honor Mr. Commissioner Whitefoord will not be in attendanceat theEvandale Circuit Court of Requests, which has been adjourned until Tuesday next. INSUFFrrICIENT DRAINAGE.-During the inquest held at the Launceston General Hospital yesterday, the jurymen and others present were saluted by a very un pleasant aroma, arising from the bad drainage at the Hospital. The stench was most offensive, and in no way pleasant. Complaints are often received by the patients in that institution of the smell arising from the insufflicient drainage, which, they say, does not in any way hasten their recovery. ANOTHER ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE.— On is Sunday night last, an old man named Martin, or commonly known by the name o of " Bricky," was arrested at Carrick on a t- charge of stealing a bundle of clothes, be d longing to two persons who were living with him in his hut. "Bricky" had pro ir cured some spirits, and made his guests it drunk, afterwhich he stole the bundle of .s clothes, and hid them in the bush. He was arrested, and lodged in the Carrick lock-up all night, and was allowed to go 'e out into the yard adjoining the watchhouse at yesterday morning, and there became pos sessed of an old razor, with which he in flicted very dangerous injuries to his throat. The gash extended almost from ear to ear, but owing to the razor not being very sharp, he had not cut himself deep. Martin, who was discovered in a sinking state, was removed into the police quarters, and the injuries temporarily attended to. The constable at Carrick immediately telegraphed to Mr. Coulter, Superinten- dent of Police, who, with commendable haste, acqosuainted Dr. Murphy of the affair. In less thano an hour Dr. Murphy was out at Carrick attending to the unfortunate man, who was very weak and nervous from time shock. The doctor stitched up the wound and dressed it, waiting until he considered the man out of danger, after which he ordered his removal to the Hos pital, whence he was conveyed last even ing. Dr. Murphy states that with proper care the man will recover from the injuries he inflicted. FREE'IHOUOHT LECTURE. -To- morrow evening Mliss Ada Campbell will deliver a lecture in the Mechanics' Institute, taking for her subject "Tle march of the Gods." A discussion will take place at the close of the lecture, and clergymen are invited to attend. Mnu. MA'r-runw BunweR r IMo HoAnT. The above-named temperance advocate ddressed about 1500 persons in the Queen's Domain on Sunday last. At the conclusion of Mr. Burnett's address 110 persons signed the pledge. In the even ing Mr. Burnett preached in the Melvillo street Wesleyan Church. TuzPsINCE OFrWALEs'SVEDDING DAY. — To-day will be observed as a public holiday throughout the colony in con- sequence of being the anniversary of the Prince of Wales's marriage day. The Government oflices and banks will be closed all day, and the majority of business places will follow suit. The usual holiday arraugements will be observed at the Poet-offilee, and all the telegrallph-ofices in Tasmania will close between the hours of 10 a.m. and 6"30 p.m. There is very little in the way of amusement. 'One or two cricket matches will be played hero;in Hobart there will be an athletic sports meeting, and at Oatlands races will be run under the auspices of the Midland Jockey Club. OATLANDS RACES.-The annual races under the auspices of the Midland Jockey Club will be held at Oatlanda to-day. The events, six in number, comprise Handicap Hurdle Race, of 30 soves.; Maiden Plate, of 20 soe.; Oatlands Handicap, of 50 sovs.; Members' Cup, of 20 saove.; Steeple chase Handicap, of 45 sovs.; and Flying my Handicap, of 30 sores. Id IARVEoT SEIVICE..-Harvcst thanks giving services will be celebrated at Quamby and Hlagley on Sunday next, in the former at 1l a.m., and the latter ait in 7 p.m. A collection will be made at each service in aid of the Repair Fund. A DIdC5?INs' R'd ING.-This evening the Rev. D. Joes oHamer will read Dickens's well-known and touching tale entitled " A Christmas Carol." The reading includes Marley's Ghost-The Ghost of Christmas Past-The Ghost of Christmas Present- The Ghost of Christmas Future-and the End of It. The well earned reputation of Mr. Hamer as an elocutionist gives promise of a rich intellectual treat, and doubtless a well filled room will rdward the lecturer and assist the building fund for Christ Churclh. HOnAnT ATiritETIC SionTo.-To-day the sports under the auspices of the Hobart Athletic Association will be held at Ho bart, when prizes to the value of £200 and upwards will be competed for. The evehts, nineteen, will bh lkelsly contested, and should the weather prove flue, an excellent day's sport may be anticipated. An excursion train leaves Launceston this morning at 4 o'clock, stops at all stations, and arrives at Hobart at 10.18 a.m. WEsTsnrY. ---A correspondent writes :— The weather has been very unsettled here of late. The farmers are busy carting in their crops and threshing. 1 am glad to say that very little damage has been sustained by the -frequent downpours of rain, as most of the farmers-in contrast to negligence in this respect in former years-have taken the precaution to pro- vide sailcloths, rick covers, etc., for use in wet weather. A requisition is in course of signature to the hon. T. Reibey, requesting him to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for the vacancy in our Municipal Council, caused by the resignation of Mr. T. V. Meonds. It is said that the heon. gentleman will probably comply. A requisition of a similar kind is to be presented to Hr. H. P. M'Creery. INTEncoLONIAL ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, ETc.-At the Melbourne Police Court on 3rd inst., Henry Kingston, a man of gentle- manlyappearance, was fined £20 for muti- lating a book called "Faubarn's Crest," belonging to theMelbourne Public Library, by cutting out a page containing a crest which he subsequently employed an en- graver named Woolf to make an engraving of. Woolfsuspecting that the page had been abstracted from a book in the Public Library visited that institution, and thus the offence was detected. Kingston was formerly a clerk in one of the public oflices. -A Miss Allen of Miryborough, while attendiug some sports, was rendered in sensible by a blow on the forehead from a cricket ball. She is still suffering from the effects.-A dairyman named Mason was gored and tossed by a bull on his farm at Warrenheip, Victoria. The bull inflicted a severe wound in Mason's chest, and was trampling him to death, when some neighbours drove the infuriated beast away. The injuries are serious, but it is expected that Mason will ultimately re- cover.-A chemist named Martin Colk was arrested at Brisbane, charged with forging the name of Dr. Bancroft to several cheques. Shortly afterwards he was found dead in the lock-up, having swallowed a bottle of poison.-An old man, 80 years of age, named Wm. Waldon, fell dead on entering the Wesleyan Church at Murghee bolue on Sunday, 1st inst.-A shocking accident has occurred at Stawell, whereby a promising young man named George Raymond lost his life. He had just re turned from his wedding trip, and was removing some furniture to his new home when the horse shied and upset the dray, the guard iron of which came into violent contact with the unfortunate man'shead,and smashed it to a pulp.-A 20 gallon barrel of yeast placed in the guard's van attached to the train from Sydney to Wagga, burst with a terrific report. No one was injured, but the roof of tihe van was blown off, and the rear end scattered into splinteas, and the shock of the explosion was felt even at the end of the train near the engine. Eventually order was restored, the pas sengers pacified, and the train resumed its journey.-Walter Druce, formerly in the employ of the Sandhurst City. Council, has pleaded guilty to embezzling £75, and has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment. - A man named Jolhn Smith, an old criminal, has been arrested as the perpetrator of the at tempted bank robbery at Natimuk.-Mr. J. B. Anderson, civil engineer, has been \- drowned by the capsizing of a sailing boat off Gosford, in New South Wales.-The Crown law authorities of Victoria have declined to grant the petition of Mrs. Laurence for the liberation of her husband, who was found guilty of murdering the late Mr. Finlayson, secretary of the Hobson's Bay Railway Company.-In November last a yeo ng lady named Cathe- rine Mary Rose, whilst walking one even- ing from Findon to the Woodvillo Railway Station, South Australia, was assaulted, robbed, and outraged ; and what is more, her assailant fired several shots at a man who came to her assistance. All this was proved by medical and other evidence. A young man named Arthur Edward Lundie was arrested on suspicion, and Miss Rose swore positively at the trial that he was her assailant, but the accused brought forward several witnesses to prove an alibi, and the jury acquittedhim,the Judge telling him that he left the Court without a stain on his character. The Adelaide Observer remarks that "it seems strange that the police should have persevered in pressing the matter into Court if Lundis had given them proof that he was not concerned in the assault ; and then again the line of defence adopted by Lundio's counsel appears inexplicable in view of the proof lie had in his possession of an alibi." The same journal adds-" It now remains for the police to exert themselves to discover the perpetrator of the outrage, for it is inconceivable that he should be allowed to escape. The circumstances of the case, as alleged, are so atrocious that no effort should be spared to bring him to justice." AN ALLEGED "CURE BY FAITII."-Dr. J. E J. Moffltt,resident surgeon of the Balla- rat Hospital, has written a letter to the Ballarat Star dated February 27, in which he states that a Mrs. E. P--- was brought to the hospital in the beginning of December 1884, unable to walk orstand, in consequence of spinal disease caused by a blow on the hack. To quote his own words:-" Her sight was impaired, and she had the sensation so usually described as a 'sensation of a cord around the waist.' Her legs were quite helpless, and perfectly insensible to touch, even when a pin was pushed into them. She had to be re moved from one bed into another, and was sometimes quite unconscious. Her help- less condition continued until the 25th of this month, when a lady visitor who is much esteemed by the patients, and whois a believer in faith-healing by simple trust in Christ, urged her to take Christ as her healer. This godd lady prayed with her,and on the day mentioned had the satisfaction of seeing her get out of bed and walk about the ward. nigns of returning health immediately began to come to this formerly helpless invalid, and as I went round this morning I was pleased to see her walk quite well. Her sight has also been re- newed, and her previous symptoms of Sdisease have vanished. She can now feel the slightest touch in her legs, and will soon return hlomo well. I may as well mention that the usual remedies were re sorted to in this case without avail. I do not wish to enter into any controversy about faith-healing, and, indeed, have no time to do so; but I merely give the facts of this case, which has made quite an im- pression on all round.-(Signed) Jons ERNEST J. MOsFTer, Resident Surgeon, Ballarat Hospital, 27th February." This letter created quite a flutter among the honorary members of.the medisal staff and an enquiry has been held, the re- sult of which is that these gentlemen de- clare that the patient has derived benefit from her treatment in the hospital, that she admits this, and that her complaint was of an hysterical nature. And here for the present the matter rests. A RIPLE FOR CADETS.-At the military demonstration held in the Melbourne Town Hall, when his Excellency the Governor awarded the prizes won at the V.R.A. matches, Colonel Sargood intimated that steps were being taken to provide a light and suitable rifle for the Cadets, and the Minister has now decided to adopt the Francotte rifle, which is of Belgian manu facture, but subject to some modifieations. Its bore is to be enlarged,and the full cock indicrtor and slugs dispensed with, and the Agent-Generalhas been instructed to order the rifles as required. Tie weapon, which resembles the Martini-Henry, is light and handy, and reliable up to 400 yards, and should prove much more accep- table to the Cadets than the ordinary heavy rifles. !Exo?idna 'Td iRosEVEAo's.-Theo p.. Natone willi make an excursion to Rose vear'd this afternoon, leaving; the wharf at 2'30 o'clock, and returning before dark. MAvaSo's CounT--At a Mayor's Court, held yesterday, before his W6rship the Mayor (Mr. Henry Button) and Alderman Farrelly, Samuel Shepherd was charged with insubordination as a constable, and fined 10s. Nihv MoETioO D or STaraMiNo LEOAL DocoMENTS.-Te Poostmaster-General, of Victoria, has decided to adopt a new method of stamping legal documents. Since the Stamp Duties Act of 1879 came into operation, it has been the practice to impress all such instruments with what are technically known as dry stamps, i.e., im pressiohs without ink. Experience has shown that these stamps are liable to become obliterated in time, more especially in the event of documents being exposed to a damp atmosphere, and as the efface ment of the impressed stamp would have the effect of rendering a document invalid, the necessity for some change was ohvions. Mr. Campbell has, therefore, directed that in future all impressed stamps above one penny shall be coloured with violet ink, which it is said will insure the pernla nence of the stamps. Another object in adopting the new system is to insure better protection of the revenue, it being found that impressed stamps without ink could be more easily imitated than those which are coloured. CmucKET.-To-dsy the annual cricket match between the old boys and present scholars of the Grammar School will be played on the Launceston Cricket Ground. A most interesting game is expected. The names of the respective teams appeared in our yesterday's issue, At midday the old boys will provide a luncheon, and in the evening the present scholars will entertain their opponents at a dinner.-A match will be played on the Cornwall ground to-day betwecun a team of Bohemians and the second eleven of the Grammar School. The Bohemians will be chosen from Dedman (captain), Groves, Mills, Collins, Bushman 2), Boland, Henri, Dean, Corrie, Spots wood, and Mansfield. The Grammar School will be represented by Poole (cap tain), J. Wilson, Oldmeadow, Hogg, John stone, Steel, L. Archer, Miller, G. Thirkell, R. Gibson, and Hales. INTERCOLONIAL ITEM.--A new kind of thistle, five feet high, with roots going down the same distance, is causing much trouble at Bungaree.-Whilst Mr. Donald Beathoun was cutting thistles near the old flour mill on the bank of the Moorabool River at Fyansford, a large tiger snake was found coiled under one of the thistles, The snake (says the Geelong Advertiser) was promptly chopped in halves, and as soon as the reptile was killed it was opened and 24i young snakes were dis covered inside, and they were all destroyed. -A young draper who was out scull ing on the river Mary.'t snals-isld, in a racing skiff was attacked by a 13ft. shark, and his boat upset. He managed to reach the shore minus half his shirt. - News has been received from London of the death of Mr. Thomas Dyer Edwards, formerly a mer chant of Sydney, and an old colonist. Mr. Arthur J. Masters, hste of the Vic torian Insurance Company, has been ap pointed manager in Melbourne of the South British Insurance Company of New Zealand, as also of the Adelaide Assurance Company.-At the official inspection of the Sandhurst Cadets, 252 of the lads appeared on parade. Major Fellowes and Colonel Brownrigg were much pleased with the creditable display made by the youn';ers. TRE BAn AND WORTHLESS are never inmtated or counterfeiled. This is espe cially true of a family medicine, and it is positive proof that the remedy imitated is of the highest value. As soon as it had been tested and proved by the whole world that Hop Bitters was the purest, best, and most valuable family medicine on earth, many imitations sprung up and began to steal the notices in which the Press and the people of the country had expressed the merits of H. B., and in every way trying to induce suffering invalids to use their stuff instead, expecting to make money on the credit and good name of H. B. Many others started nostrums put up in similar style to. H. B., with variously devised names in which the word "Hop" or "Hops" were used in a way to induce people to believe they were the same as Hop Bitters. All such pretended remedies or cures, no matter what their style or name is, and especially those with the word "Hop" or "Hops" in their name or in any way connected with them or their name, are imitations or counterfeits. Beware of them. Touch none of them. Use nothing but genuine American Hop Bitters, with a bunch or cluster of green Hops on the white label, and Dr. Soule's name blown in the glass. Trust nothing else. Druggists and chemists are warned e against dealing in imitations or counter feits. THE usual monthly Blue Ribbon meet- ing will take place this evening at the Sandhill Chapel, at 7.30 o'clock. REMEDY FOR HARD TIMES.—Stop spend- ing so much on fine clothes, rich food, and style. Buy good food, cheaper and better clothing, and stop the habit of using xpen- sive or quack doctors, or humbug medicine that does you only harm, but putyour trust in.the greatest of all simple, pure reniedies, Hop Sitters, that cure always at a trifling cost, and you will see better times and a good health. Read. DECLINE OF MAN.--Nervous Weakness, Dyspepaina, Impotence, Sexual Debility, cured by " Wells's Health Renewer." At druggists. Felton, Grimwade, & Co., Agents, Melbourne. 