' FAREWELL SERMON BY THE BISHOP \- OF BRISBANE. The following is the last of the series of two sermons preached by the right rev. gentleman, and is eminently his valedictory address. It was delivered extempore to his London congregation on the evening of Sunday, 18th July, and the church of St. John the Evangelist was crowded on the occasion. His Lordship took for his text the Epistle general of St. Jude, verse 20, "But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Spirit, keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life." His LORDSHIP said he spoke this morning about the foundations of human life. We tried to see that God was the only sure foundation for human life as regards individuals or society, and that other foundations could no man lay than that is laid, which is Jeans Christ God within Christ. The words which I invite you to consider by God's help, to- night are words which speak of building up going on, not being content only with the laying of the foundation, bat of going on unto perfection building up; a, fact we so often lose eight off Many persons seem to be satisfied if only they have once mastered the truth, and perhaps I ought to say if the truth has once mastered them. They think that is all that is needed. They have, as they phrase it, accepted the truth, and they think that is all but if there is one thing which is set before us more unequivocally than another in the teaching. of the Bible, from beginning to end, it is that there must over to growth, It was no accident, if One may so speak, that made the Psalmist press into his service the analogy of the vegetable world, and teach lessons through its rector Others. "Therighteousshsllifiourishlikcaptt&m; tree ; he shall spread abroad like a cedar on Iiibanuf." we are to grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Gjord Find Saviour Jesus 'Christ. We are not only to be laid on a true foundation, but to be built up line upon line, here a little and theron little, course byceorrae, j "tier by her, until we become a holy temple ! acceptable unto God. This necessity for building up is what St, Jude affirms in the words we have ijtMt readiness, beloved, building yourselves up in your most holy faith, praying in the holy spirit, keep yourselves in the love of God." St. dude presuppeacs, you will note, Christian teaching on the part of those whom he is addressing. Ko is not speaking to those who are strangers to the truth, but to these who know the truth, and he bids them go on unto perfection, go on being builded up. They knew what we know, which we have been taught to be thankful for when we say that we thank our- Heavenly Father that He hath called us to this state of salvation through Jesus Christ our -Saviour, and we pray excite God to give us His grace' that we may continue in the same until our life's end. They have been taught to say in effect, I believe in God, the Father Almighty, who made me and all the world, to believe in Jesus Christ, 'God the See, wifee -redeemed Me and all mankind, to believe in God the Holy Ghost, who sanctified me and all the elect people of God. That was the for.-ndo.tion upon which they had been built. That was the foundation for their belief and practice, and they were to keep themselves in the love of God ; they were to build themselves up in their most holy ; faith. We may take three two almost as' synonymous, being built up and 'being kept in the love of God. Let us think of that for a moment, Let us think of the many instances in which we are exhorted to keep what we have. Is there a more powerful of passionate appeal than that which Moses makes to the people of Israel when he says, -"Greystoke heed to thyself and keep thy soul diligently, less thou forget the thing which thine eyes have seen, lest they 'depart from thy heart all the days of tSiy life." 'Yes,' to keep ourselves up in the love of God is no unmeaning-form Of words. It is notcomcthing that will come atna matter of course, and without an effort on our part. 'No, God has not made us to be mere automatons He has not made us be 'be machines to be moved at pleasure. We each one have a characteristic individuality, oosd a wire, and -we can co-operate with, or resist, the working 'and, the purposes of God. We can, as St. flude says,, ' " keep ourselves in the love of 'God;" or woman ' cast ourselves as it were into the shade. sleep yourselves in the love of? God." There is the first thought, then, and as we look back upon the past of our lives cannot-wc remember that sometimes our time pressions were more vivid than they are now, and that our sense of what is right and our desire to do it was keener and more earnest than now ? Can we not remember the time when there was more of real life in the coul than now Î Perhaps it was just after our son firm at ion; perhaps it was just aftcr<our'£rst communion ; perhaps it was just after some illness or some of < those changes and chances which belong to this mortal life, and which for the moment as it-were, arrest our attention and make us fix our gaze on life's realities. But whatever the time was we can perhaps look back and put our finger on a time when stere was more real earnestness of life, and more real gladness with it, because where there is great desire and purpose of life that life is much more glass, life than one which drags its -slow length along a life which seems aimless, spur . poseless,-ocarcely worth living. If this he so, if our consciences attest the fact that there have been times in our lives when we have been more active in the desire for what is good for real hungering and thirsting after righteous- ness, we see there is a deep necessity of St. Jude's when he says, "Keep yourselves in the love of God" because what is it that has any kind of weight to keep us in the shade and not any longer in the light and love of God ? 'it is that sosco earth-born cloud has arisen which has hidden God from his servants eyes. Yes, in some act of wilfulness, or, as we more commonly call it, come act of tin, some rain, some carelessness, some want of zeal energy and desire that somehow or another has seemed to hang a veil between the soul and (God, so that the light which once streamed through is no longer felt, #e feel of necessity that these words are not merely of the iSKrfacewhen-&t.; Judo says -"Keep yourselves in the love of God." The words point us to a real meaning. They would guard us against real danger. They would guard us against backsliding. They would guard us against allowing perceptions of right and wrong, of holiness and sin, which were once clear and vivid, to grow confused and dim. Perhaps when we have been down at the seaside and have been watching the moonbeams casting their long light over the waters, we have seen a ship emerge from the darkness on the one side, and back, as K were, in the light of the moonbeams, showing its spare, lines, and sheets all clear. We have seen it for a moment 'bathe in that silvery light and then pass on and he lost in the gleam and shade. Is it not so with many and many a life which for a moment ceres to been the light and love of God then, somehow, it is lost in the shadow and is no longer conscious of that light and love. And it is the will that has played a (part here. It is the will, because it has not gone on to translate sentiment into action ; it has not gone on making feeling permanent by writing it down in the test of action. The secret of preserving a vivid sense of spiritual things is always found in at once obeying-tot being existent with feeling the right but doing the right. That is one often temptations which mislead and beset us in the present day. There is that exquisitely finished picture here which makes as know exactly what we ought to feel about questions of social life and duty. It attacks our ft flags to some object. ; feet, while we do not pass on by writing down, as it were, in some deed that sentiment within us, it passes Away, and the character is so much feebler having its senses awakened without passing into action. All this, and more than this, lies hidden in the words of St. Jude-" Keep your selves in the love of God." St Jude helps us as to the way of doing this. He says-" Build- ing up yourselves in your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost ; keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of the Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life." We are already thus touching upon one way namely, that of habituating and accustoming ourselves to be and to do right. "If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them." How, then, are we to guard against these first little beginnings of backsliding ? Where do they first of all begin ? Perhaps it would be difficult to say in all cases. Perhaps it may be in our trying to exercise for ourselves a dispensing power over our own consciences. Perhaps it may be that we have not felt the hopefulness, the happiness and the gladness of public worship, 'Perhaps we have been regular at public worship Perhaps a friend here and there has asked us to go with them instead of going to church, and we did it possibly with a kind of feeling of the soul that we had rather slid back in so doing, that we had not kept up to our real mark or what our conscience whispered to us was our real mark. There may have been little in the beginning, but the moment the conscience begins to reproach us it is sure to be right ; it may be a simple thing, but to be true to conscience is one of the first requisites of keeping ourselves in the love of God ; or it may be that our prayers have become cold and lifeless, and then there is the very easy step when once we get on the incline, to give them up altogether. Perhaps we used to say our prayers with some earnestness; we used to pray morning and evening ; but we first of all ceased to say our prayers with earnestness, and then, because they were somewhat formal, gave them up altogether. Then perhaps we gave up public worship. Perhaps we were communi- cants, and it may be that little by little we dropped even that, so that by degrees our lives have drifted away from the true mark. We have no longer kept ourselves in the love of God, We have passed like the vessel from the path of the moonbeams and find ourselves in the shade. It is perhaps not altogether unwise of us to revise not merely the foundation of life, the foundation on which our lives are built, but to see if we cannot seize the occasion to make a fresh start in life. The building has ceased. There has been no building in the soul for a long time. It may be that the ivy has be come matted round the walls within. The building has stopped and perhaps here and there a brick or two, which had been laid on, has tumbled off. There is no longer a building up within the soul Well, then, here is an occasion when, perhaps, I may particularly appeal to any who are conscious that these words express, however imperfectly, something of their spiritual experience, something of their past history. It is an occasion when we may appeal to such to took at their lives, and the direction in which their lives are drifting'; what is the outcome of it all of that state of things in which the truest part of life is lost sight of, and altogether neglected? That is a question which I may well ask, and when! looklack over more than twenty years' ministry in this place, I am not altogether without particular instances to whom I could specially appeal; but in some cases, and in some very real sense, does not the question "touch us all Oantieft. any one of us, either clergy or people, as we look back upon the post, put our ingerson times when our work might have been more thoroughly done-? 'Can we not think of times when there was slowness when there should have been energy, and is not this a time when we may thank not only of What might have been in the past, but what may be in the future ? Mar wo notipather from looking book upon the past some wise lessons for the future 1 May we not'Utier the prayer of the Psalmist "So teach us to number our days that we may apply our hearts to wisdom." Well then, we will make this resolution, and beg any who partioiiVirlyfcel the force of winter have been saying, to make) tart rcsolution<to-night before they leave the church, 'firmly/decisively, and humbly, in the belief in the Holy Ghost to revive these duties and ! practices, which perhaps they are come scious they have laid aside. Those who have been communicants in the past, but have for some time ceased to be so, let them look for- ward to-night at no late date to>rccommesco fair attendance at the table of the 'Lflfcd. Chose who have regarded their prayers as merely deals words, without the desire of 'the (heart going with then, 'let such henceforth determine no make theon realities. Do not let this be a mere complimentary assembly in rather lather numbers than usual, because a voice which you have been accustomed to for some time will cease to be heard within these walls. 'Rather make it-ft'true-upiritual occasion for a fresh start in ner/noss-of life. This is the appeal" would earnestly make to all those who became to-night, until speak particularly to those whom 'I have known for some 'time- those who have bc<>u>»ho more regular, members of our congregation.. There may be some; amongst us 'to- nightivho do not worship with us always, but I particularly desire to address - it to those whom I have known for some time, and whom I have had the privilege of minister-, ing for some time past. J. would earnestly as: of those of their have had in the past any' summons to a purer, more genuine life, not to i disregard that summons, but to make one great effort to step forward in the path of duty and newness of life. That is the appeal which is ! put before you for consideration, "Stop your selves in'the'love-di'God, praying in the Holy i Ghost" One further thought, which. touches, the reality of our spiritual life. If this Church has been to many merely Mr. Webber's church," as it is called.; if the departure of him who has been only the servant ofcthcChurah detached from its body any who have hitherto reckoned themselves amongst its members, then they must see that so far as they were concerned, his verse and his teaeuinghavo been of little good. He has not succeeded in impressing upon them that they aromatics, I ?butiOhrist's. It-will only show that their at-' Richmond to St John's, its church and its services, was little more than skin deep. Ilutil can hardly bring myself to believe that there are many of those who have long worshipped in this church, who would so'regard'thoircou-, nection with lit 'I believe that-oy departure,' which I feel persuaded must be according to the will of God.will not be without its blessing in building up this congregation into a more consolidated body. I say I believe (that my departure cannot be otherwise than according to the will of God, and for this reason. The work to which I'm newsagent is one which I did not see, which it did not even wish. When O received the Archbishops letterdnviting me to seriously consider whether I would allow him to designate me as Bishop of that vast diocese, my first impulse was to me to be excused, but the more earnestly I went over the matter the more I was ded by con- current circumstances to believe tliatJT ought to go, and after all it is in the concurrence of circumstances that we may not infrequently ; trace the will of God, if only our minds are open to obey such leading as seems to point in the particular.dircutiou and if this be so, it cannot but believe, and believe irmly,ithat>my departure will not be, as I have said, without its blessing on the congregation in giving it perhaps more solidarity. There has been hitherto, no doubt, a tendency not a wholly unnatural tendency it may be-to magnify him who has been God's instrument in (founding this work, but they will see that work is done which cannot be repeated, that the foundation i island, and now the work of building up the spiritual fabric has to be intrusted to other hands, and it has pleased the Chief Pastor-of this great diocese on whom devolves the duty of appointing my successor to make known, his intention of appointing one who is no stranger to you, and one of whom I will only venture to Bay this much, that the Bishop of the diocese would not easily have found one | who would have had the real deep spiritual well-being more thoroughly at heart than he to whom the carrying on of this work and the building up of this congregation is now about to be committed. Try then to believe this. If you have been taught to believe in God, then, believe in Him, trusting entirely ; believe that His ways are not your was) a, and that His thoughts are not your thoughts. Trust His love, and even if one after another all the earthly props on which you have been accustomed to Jean are removed, believe it is that you may stand more independently in His light and in His strength. Wea, and you shall be holden up, for God is able to make you stand. Let me leave this then with you. Believe even against your own purely opposite opinion, for we must all be content again and again to do this. Believe especially to my younger friends I speak believe and believe firmly in the wise purposes of God. Believe that He who has called you and blessed your life up to this time will not leave you comfort- less in the future. Believe that He who has called you, has planted you in his Church, has brought you into yet closer union with himself in Holy Communion, has not done this that He should leave you to yourselves. It is surely to encourage you to go on building yourselves up, " keeping yourselves in the love of God," and thereby going on to perfection, so that if he who for this long time has been privileged to aid you, in the providence of God, is permitted at some future time to pay a brief visit to his native land may find great improvement in this place, the congregation and Church increasing more and more in strength, number, and earnestness!, and that he may find all the works of the parish not flagging, but receiving increased support that he may; find the congregation more and more recognising the true functions of a congregation that they are the working body in the parish by their offerings, work, and prayers, delighting to strengthen the hands of those who are appointed to lead them. Then we should see in the distant future, the truth which we now find it so hard to believe, that God's purposes are wiser than ours, although for a moment His wisdom may be past finding out. Keep yourselves, thee, my brothers, my sisters, my children keep yourselves in the love of God. Keep the light of that love which has shone upon you from your infancy, though you may have from time to time screened it from you, just as you might close the shutters and shut out the glorious light from your room. Some too often, set up barriers to God's love from the soul, and thrust that light away. "Keep yourselves in the love of God." Keep in its love and truth by patient praying in the Holy Spirit. Ask that Holy Spirit who maketh intercession for us to teach you more and more of the entire mean- ing of prayer and the power of prayer, and that is the secret which prayer has in reference to religious life. "Keep yourselves in the love of God." And now, my children, I commend you to God, and the word of His grace, which alone is able to build you up. I commend you to Him who alone is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of His glory with exceeding joy. _ 