SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. ELSTERNWICK PARK It CES The weights for this meeting have been declined as follows - stating it yet. Fettler Don Alonzo Conundrum Concord the) Rev .. Maori Boroondara Glowworm Strugulor ... 10 10 Warbler 10 8 The baron 10 7 I Antler 10 4 Old 1 owl . Ironmaster loretto Stationer .. Umberto .. The Ghost. St. Lawrence ball of hockey Perth d'Australlo Agatha Anagram .. Bonne Fortune . Estrella Violet king; Charles Mary"" 0 12 RAILWAY STAKES. st lb ThoChlct.. Mllgllsller M lid of the Mist.. Honora .... Ulaluine .. Chandos 1 Elizabeth Garrett V a«co Bourbon .. Idalia Mrs. Farley Moab Iuilicrlal .. Mountain Lass .. Seau cod .. Honeycomb Albanus .... Warbler .. 0 12 0 11 0 10 (I 10 BTEKl-KCHASE. st. lb I 11 10.10 The Baron Chiron ., Trim Our Boy .. Deceiver , lame Brocas ay Struggler . Mars Mystery fcLSTEBNlVICK-PAUK HAnDICAP. still Yately Ironmaster America Victoria Umberto .. Stationer Grace Darling Carbuncle .. Coronet Belle Brandon. Acolyte Impulse .. 7 Joseptilnu 7 ' albury 7 i Di tiller .. 7 Mary 0 Miles 0 Gipsy's Warning:.. I) ' eJiicna .. J. 6 Kermit O'. Hesperides 6 ' G. Vowles, Handicapper. SYDNEY SPORTING NOTES. [BY SPECIAL WIRE ] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, Tuesday. A number of surprises have been in store for backers during the last few days Zeno, ' after being shuttle cocked about from 100 to 10 to 100 1, has been scratched, to has Minerva, while attempts were made to knock out Wing, but with no avail. Orator, Tom Brown, Merlin, and Billington were the latest operated upon. The following are the latest prices 100 to 12 agst Wing (to , 100 to 14 oil.), 100 to 10 agst Orator (the, 100 to 12 off. 100 to 10 agst Tom brown (tk and off.), 100 to 8 agst Iolanthe (tie), 100 to 8 agst Balmoral (tie and off ), 100 to 7 agst Merlin (to , 100 to 8 oil ), 100 to 5 agst Ellington (the, 100 to 0 oil.), 100 to 6 agst Lord of the Luke (tk ;, 100 to 5 agst Fernlea (tk.), 100 for agst Bryan O'Lynn (tk ). Owing to the heavy state of the Randwick track, caused by the ruins, no work was done this morning of any great importance. Wing, Lord of the Lake, balmoral, Espiegle. Orator, Ellington, and Iolanthe all did sound work. Uncle Ned displays signs of lameness. Torn Brown arrived from Newcastle this morning, very well. Zeno's withdrawal is owing to lameness in the shoulder and the bursting of a hoof. A number of sporting men visited the Parramatta River this afternoon to witness the champion scullers at work shortly after passing Gladesville the steamer slowed down and waited until Beach and Messenger emerged from the sheds at Gascoigne During the interval Clifford and Massie, who are both lion, the same district, pulled lust The champion looks well, and is in good heart Commenc- ing with 28 stroll per minute, and occasionally increasing them to 10, he pulled was to- be a companion over three miles, the last quarter beating Massie, whom he overhauled. He then spurted with the steamer A quarter of an hour later Hanlan, accompanied by Laycock, put in a strong two and a half miles with a south-east wind dead against them. He pulled 28 strokes per minute Both men are well Hanlan expresses himself as confident. With the present cool weather I fancy the Canadian s chance looks better than ever cmcKKr A match, M CC v University Zingari Club, will take place to-day on the ground of the former, play to commence at 11 o clock The Melbourne team will comprise Messrs M Ilwraith Tobin, v hit, Llackham, Lawlor, Vernon Alexander, Burton, Allen, Williams, and Crooktr , Emergencies, Hoss and 1 evv Wanderers v lake islands match between these clubs will be played at Pakenham to-day) The following will represent the Wanderers - Barnard, Barrett (two) Edkins, Smith, Walters Norman, Wilkinson, Mills, Mary, Hansen , emergency, Light- foot ROWING. THE BOROONDARA ROWING CLUB-The gold medals presented by the Book Bonus Tea Company are now on view at the Sports Depot, Eliza beth street and they are this!.,) competed for on Monday evening with the undermentioned result - Final Heat Harrison, stroke. , W H QUI 3, , U Utnu ck, 2 J Haverty bow, W G Hand, stroke, h Carlisle 3, G Middlecoat, 2 C Cowper bow Hand led off with a smart stroke and got a length ahead, which position he maintained to the tannery, where, however, the long steady stroke of Harrison soon overhauled him Pausing the sheds Harrison was two lengths ahead, which position he maintained to the finish 