A SUCCESSFUL RUSE. 'I hope, my dear, you won't object to John's folks,' said the bride, timidly, looking into her husband's face. j John's folks 1' repeated the tall, black- I eyed young man, who had just now been made happy, and was sitting beside Mrs. I Frederick Fane, in the railway train, steam ing toward Owl Mountain. 'Not in tbe least, my love. Why should I object to them ?' 4 Oh, I don't know !' said Mrs. Fane. 4 Some people do, you know. But, of course, it seems hard to turn them out after all these years, and ' 4 Stop half a minute, my dear,' said Mr, Fane. 4 1 am not certain that I understand you. Who are John's folks? and who, if I may take the liberty to aek, is John ?' Mrs. Fane turned pink, and looked 1 hesitatingly down at her laoe-b ordered i pocket-handkerchief as if uncertain whether I a tear or two would not be appropriate. Oh, Fred,' said she, 4 what a question ! Just think a minute. And, of oourse, they always expeoted to have a home with me 1' 4 Oh !' said Mr. Fane, making up his lips into a whistling position, as he remembered j that Mrs. Fane's first husband had been named John Quincy Adams Larkins. 4 Yes, I comprehend. Are there many of 'em, my I dear?' 4 Well,' hesitated Lilias, again colouring, 4 there's John's stepfather — a dear old gentleman, but a little peculiar. He's an esoaped Mormon— — ' I 4 A — what ?' said Mr. Fane. I 4 A Mormon, ' explained the bride. 4 He j joined the community, and then he dido't I like them as well a3 be thought he should, so I he ran away and married John's mother, j And after Bhe died nothing could induoe him 1 to leave the scenes endeared by her presence.' I Ah !' remarked Fane. 4 A sentimental old | I party.' I 4 He's very agreeable,' added Lilias, 4 if I only you let him have his own way in every- I thing.' I ' Do you know, my dear, that is a characteristic whioh I have observed in others ?' gravely remarked Mr. Fane. 4 Then there is Aunt Grace,' went on Lilias. 1 4 She is an excellent housekeeper — in fact is cleaning nearly all the time. It does get a I little uncomfortable now and then, but it's I Aunt Grace's way, so I put up with it. And j John's two sisters — Dorcas and Eeturah — I are wateraure people. They like the place 1 because there is a cascade at the back and a river close by.' I 4 Ah !' said Mr. Fane. I 4 And Cousin Ferdinand — that's all !' added Lilias, with a sigh of relief. 4 That's all, eh ?' said the bridegroom. 4 Cousin Ferdinand is very agreeable,' said Lilias. 4 He's waiting.' 4 W aiting V echoed Mr. Fane. | For the millennium,' explained Lilias. I I 4 He's been waiting these many years.' I 4 Oh 1' said Mr. Fane. 4 He's crazy, eh ?' 4 Well,' oonfeesed Lilias, 4 he is a little peculiar ; bnt we're used to it, and don't notice it now.1 And are these people all to live with U8 ?' aBked Mr. Fane, a little gloomily. 4 If you don't object,' said Lilias, timidly. Not in the least, my darling,' said the young husband. Your will is law to me.' j 4 So kind of you, dear !' said Mrs. Fane, I apparently muoh relieved. And then the I train stopped at Owl Mountain station, and I the young pair got out. I Bat during the long drive to Laurel Farm — Larkin Farm it had been whe i Lilias first 1 0 ma there, but Bhe adopted tbe more I euphonious name: — Mr. Fane turned over j matters id his mind. His mother — a shrewd old prophetess of evil — bad warned him that he couldn't expect tJ marry a rich young Widow, who was pretty and attractive into the bargain, without some quid pro quo of annoyance or trouble to balance his bliss. . ' And here it was, the first thing. Not the ghost of the dear, departed Larkins — that he thought' he could have endured — but five subs antial bequests fastened to the old farm like limpets to a rook, barnacles to the hull of a ship. And Lilias evidently expeoted him to adopt them into his affections, and tolerate their various eccentricities, even a she had done. Lilias was suoh a pretty, dove-eyed, confiding little thing ! She should not be tormented, at all events, be resolved. If 1 John's folks ' were to be met and conquered in a single combat, he would do it alone. And so he looked down with a smile on her innocent faoe, and replied pleasantly to her timidly-hazarded observations, studiously veiling the current of his thoughts ; for, as j they neared the old home, Lilias was evidently growing nervous. j It was a fine old hrick house, as Mr. Fane could see in the cold December moonlight, surrounded with alternate rows of leafless maples and evergreens, with lights gleaming from all the windows, and 4 John's folks' were all assembled at the door to weloome the new married couple. First and foremost stood th8 4 esoaped Mormon' — a tall, venerable i gentleman, with a flowing beard and a suit of pepper- and-salt, with red necktie and | turnover oollar. | 4 Welcome, my children, welcome,' said this venerable relic of the past, with an air as patronising as if the whole house belonged to him. 4 1 shall use my every effort to make your stay at Laurel Farm agreeable. You re a little late' — glancing reproachfully at the clock — 4 and I am afraid the roast fowls will be spoiled. It always disagrees with me to eat over-done poultry ; but of course this will not happen again.' 4 Ob, no, indeed, papa,' said Lilias, eagerly. Aunt Grace stood in the background — a grim, bony female — with her faoe tied up in her handkerchief, and a dress of badly-dyed merino stuff made in the most outlandish faelron. 4 You will have to sleep in the garret | chamber to- night, Lilias,' she Baid, gloomily. 4 I've had yours whitewashed and cleaned, and it ain't dry yet.' I I 4 But it was aaloimined only last fall, Aunt ! I Grace,' said Lilias, piteously. j 4 1 can't help that,' said Aunt Grace, with I a sniffle. 4 Cleanliness is next to godliness, I and I ain't one to live in dirt. You wouldn't ask me or your step-pa to turn out of our rooms, would you ? 4 Oh, no, no i' cried Lilias, eagerly. Dorcas and Eeturah %at knitting on either side of the fire, evidently in a very ill- humour. 4 We was invited to tea to Miss Deacon Plumbago's to-night,' said Dorcas. 4 And tbe train's late, and we sha'n't be in i time to - go there now,' moodily added Eeturah. | 4 But some folks don't oare how they inoonvenienoe other folks,' Baid Dorcas, as she extended a flabby, mittoned hand at her new brother-in-law without looking at him. 4 1 am very eorry,' pleaded LiliaB, with a troubled face. 4 Well, then, Grace,' Baid the millennium man — a stout, rubicund little fellow, with a red nose and hair as white as silver — 1 let us have supper served at once. What are we waiting for ?' Mr. and Mrs. Fane were compelled to seat themselves without loss of time at the table, without an opportunity to remove the dust of travel or to re'resh themselves after their journey. Mr Fane had indeed ventured to say something about towels and fresh water, but Lilias whi-pered — 4 JNever mma just now. aear. ra win oe so put out, and Grace and Eetnrah like I punctuality. For this on ;e, do oblige me 1' J Mr. Fane looked around in some surprise. I Here were he and Lilias, the rightful owners j of the house, placed in the position of second j guests of no great importance one way or the other, while 4 pa,' Aunt Graoe, the resentful sisters, and the mille mium reigned supreme, and Lilias hardly dared to express an opinion of her own in their presence. | But he made nc comment, to Liliaa's great relief, and endured everything with the serenity of an Aristotle. j Earl/ next morning he descended into the cellar where Aunt Grace was skimming milk and looked sharply about him. 4 My dear Aunt Grace,' Baid he, cheerfully, 4 will it inoonvenienoe you if I use some of these shelves for my ohemioals ?' 4 Your — what?' said Aunt Grace, dropping I her cream spoon in amazement. I 4 1 intend to use this cellar as a laboratory,' said Mr. Fane ; 1 and as some of the ohemicals are explosive — 4 1 — I had better move the pans out to the spring house, ' g .sped Auut Graoe. 4 But Doreas and Eeturah are very timid, and — ' ' In that ease,' said Mr. Fane, ' perhaps they had better remove themselves to the spring house too. I really cannot exiet without my eoientifio studies.' Aunt Graoe sat down and thought it over. 1 Was she, after having lived for sixty-odd years in peace and quietness, to be blown up like a torpedo -at last? There was Cousin Yorke out West. It would not, perhaps, be suoh & comfortable home as this, but there would ba no chemicals. Mr. Bogle, the recreant Mormon, was oozily reading the paper by the fire wh?n his stepson's successor blandly requested him to 1:1.1.1. IllUYo (ft iUivtBt I 4 Move 1' said Mr. Bogle, dropping his I glasses. Where? And what for?' I 'I am endeavouring to attaoh eleotrio I wires here,' Baid Mr. Fane. 4 1 am getting up I a small battery to assist in my ohemio&l; experiments.' j Chemical experiments ! Here !' cried the ex-Mormon. 4 But I dislike chemistry, and I don't approve of electricity. In my opinion it is a trifling with the gifts of Providence.' 4 Electro-chemistry is u wonderful agent, serenely remarked the bridegroom. 4 1 am j thinking of charging all the boards of the j floor with eleotrioity, in order to ojwerve the ./ / a—— ad— ———y effect produced by the footsteps of different J members of tbe # ami lj.' 1 Sir 1' cried Mr. Bogie, involuntarily lifting Vj bis feet upon the round of his chair. 4 1 will "1 no!; tolerate it ! I — I am no lamp, to be i j lighted by electricity, nor a > artery, to be -'J — charged 1' J 4 My dear sir,' smiled t;. bridegroom, I 4 in less than three days I i uave made a convert of you.' J 4 Never !' roared Mr. Larkins's st pfcuher. I Iu the meantime, Cousin Ferdinand waB # dubiously eyeing a pair of euperb blaod- \ hounds whioh were chained up in the stable. 1 I don't like dogs,' said Cousin Ferdinand ; 1 4 and I always used this particular stall for f my pony Grub.' 4 1 have ordered Grub to be changed into J the stall beyond,' said Mr. Fane. 4 And you | nesd not be afraid of Star end Planet ; they j; are chained carefully.' | 4 But suppose they should break their chains ?' croaked Cousin Ferdinand. j 4 In that c&ae; your life would not be woith t five minutes' purchase,' said Fane. But my ij wife and I are very fond of the dogs ; they 1 know us.' 1 4 I'll leave the house !' roared Cousin f Ferdinand, retreating ae far as the barnyard | fence would permit him. ' I won't be made 1 I a martyr to hydrophobia ! j 4 Pray reconsider your determination,' said ! I Mr. Fane, politely. I I But Cousin Ferdinand was away like a | I shot. 4 I Liliasoame to her husband that evening | I with flushed cheeks and brilliant eyes. 1 I 4 Fred,' she cried, 4 they're going 1' 1 4 Who are going, pet?' he asked. j I 4 John's folks — to-morrow morning.' I 4 Impossible !s said Mr. Fane, tragically, ! 4 How should we ever live without them ?' 4 Every one of them,' whispered Lilias 1 I 4 and, oh, I am so gl&dl; Because they had I I lived here so long that they had become | j exacting and cross. I didn't observe it so 1 much in the old times, but it seems more 1 I apparent now, and I tbink we shall be so I muoh happier by ourselves. You see, Auut f I Grace and the girls are afraid of your jl I ohemioals, and pa don't like electricity, and i Cousin Ferdinand has a horror of tinoa ' I 4 1 am very sorry,' said Mr. Fane, solemnly. i: Fred,' cried the bride, quickly looking np j with a sadden light in her eyes, 4 yon h&va; ' done it on purpose !' 4 Done what?' said the bridegroom ' innooently. 4 Wasn't I always an amateur \ chemist and electrician ? And are not Star 1 and Planet my inseparable companions ; wherever I go ? How can I help it, if my i tastes are antipathetic to those of your f deceased husband's relatives ?' jj But Lilias shook her head and laughed. j 4 Fred,' said she, 4 1 have penetrated your s mystery. But I shall not soold you, for it is I nice to have the house all to ourselves 1' jj 4 so you win not mourn hopelessly f _,r 1 44 John's folks?" ' said Fred, mischievously. 1 4 No,' said Mrs. Fane, 4 1 do not think'l 1 shall. ' For it was as she had said— 4 John's j fo:ks ' had become ohronio, and people are I j always glad to be relieved of a ohronio | I ailment. | 