the Last imoment The stromrr Dawn lions Fortlind, Bsllrst, and Wasrasxbod, passed through tho Heads at 11,40 Ibis morning, Too Oclto steamer, from Sydney, was tfgnelled at Wilson's Fro- ' monlaty at 8,20, nudtbo Now Zoilsnd Ooin- patj'. oteamer Whcmpiafrom New Zaalood, psisid through the Heads shortly belore noon, A sale ol rastborsos -will be hold fo" morrow at 3 o'olosk, at Tattesall's llihlbltlcD short. Missis w, o) Yullle anil 0-, amongst olhss wall known rrcirs, will pnt np lor anotlon Tho Ghost G-oto Dar'i g Bonnlo llnndoe, and Iltyal, Msid, Many o! tha horsrs will bo sold with " ont restive fa. oider to close a parloorship as oonrt, A copulation from tho linit'.ea ol tho Wist MriboD.ni- Jjitsrery Itr-.tilnte wnltod npon lb Minlrtsr of lirndsto'diy to express "thsir ro grot that I fry had i o I , i n;c l! the unwritten law I tbo department in mis g a portion ol tb land vested in thim for storing timber, and oilrod that tbij m'ght bs psrmitfod to rotoln thosrm thrj htdrraelved I r tholsnd as ran 1,151, for raolntouacoii purposos and addition coctcmplatid t> tbo bn'ldlcg, as tho loads o the inetitntfon ware In a lovvstatr. Me Taoko' said tint the deputation meet somembor tha they bed ooutlnued to etoro lbs tlmbor Afto fcGfrg warned, bat so tbey hnd now compiled with tha dlrcollon ol the dipin tment ho would not inrlrt on the repayment o! tho Bnm reoelvad ne rrnt, Mr Crmpbell, tho Fos1msstor,Genoral, has received a communication ftrm the Pistmarter- Goncrsl of Ntw Sooth Wales (through Mr S, H. Inmbtcn, the rooicto.;) asking ior parti- oulars ra tho cost ol tl o aorangemcnts for the electric llghtlrgol thu Gsnoral Post OfTiss, Mr Iismbtou has rtooLtl, bion on a vleit to Mtlbonrro, and ha was so pleased withlhs light in; ol the Port Office hero by means oj . slcotrliily that ha has rocommeoded It) adoption in the Sydney Gmnral Post Offioo. Tboanlhorititfl in S/dney will prrbably follow tbo exempts of the p:.t office people bore, and light thiir bnlldiog In tho lum-i way, AUii- lormatron will bo enppllrd thorn by Mr Oamn- btll, At theBrnnswtok Polfoo Omrt thiB mornlngi ft yooog womzr, nomnd Annlo Dougliss, was charged with nnlawlully dosartiug her intact j some lillla time ago tha child was lolt with n porson to nnrso, with the result that the tester mother locoived no pay, end tho ohlld was sect to Ibo Tndmlihl .o'zobJb, Annie oxprosiod sorrow lor bar foolish conduct, and was to monded till next ooart day, The following tenders wbioh score on Thusc- (ny rofrnr.d to the effioers ol Ibo PabI Woihs Djpr.rtmcrt or roprrt, have uow been accepted lav the enppi; ol schrul farultnrs Statu gohoolu ot Ssudhnrst had Oistlcmslos W, M'Gibboil, L212 12, j Bsllara', Irvlcg Glcvir nnd Co,, 1,102; Milbonrce, Hugh Groole, LulS Or Si and L237, An inquest woo held at the Msrqaa this moinirg, on the bod7 ol a woman nnm d Emi'y Frew, who was Toned dead in tho yard ot tbo Trades n,It ou Sandfly morning last. Tut woman bad no fixed Place ol rcsldonoo,' ShA not last seen olive on Saturday night at tho corns r ol Bocodalo stiott and B wan it on street, A verdict ol donth from eorous apo tb ir, is accordance with the medical ciiiinca was returned, Tha sixpenny telegram eyslam ooraco into opcrr.tioa on She l-.t o! Jniy, r.nd tha Poet Kartrr-Gcneraliafcrms ns that tho arrange mrniclcr tbo antioipatid increase ol buslnoe nip low nearly completed, Tbo lines to the principal centreo of population have bren doplioatcd, sew icstrnmsnts procured, nnl a ioiternnmbcroi operators will bo omploysd, Victoria Is tbo first colony to Intsodueo Ibis oonoisiloD to tlrrr pnblio, nnd Mr Oaarphel anticipates that the inarearo cf baBiness wi ccmptrisato tor the rtdnotlou in tbo pilot o telegrams, / , Tho Grvornmcnt havo finally determined upon subsidizing the projott to construct a usual instead o! n railway Itom Srio to ths Batrcbo river, Tte officer in chrrge ol tbo administration ol tbo Babbit Bnpprerilon Acfe, rcposts that ths Orcwn Lends in Vuolis eait Bncgalatly and Taylor's Lake, in tho Horsham district, have been olmott olenred of the psst; bat aro blooming info.toi again from tho adjoiaicg private lands, and In tbo scrub lands round Sart and Gloss Lake, tho work ol dostraction is pro ceeding ratiifsgtorlly, bnt ths - touch lenotcg prevents tbe efforts 'being so snosesifnl as they might cthsrwise bs. He recommends the Shiro oounolla should be reqacatedta Irsalnt on tho deitinoticn ol tho brmh fencing, Gatbon it almost neelecs within ten oholne ol a brash fence, Br YocI held on Inquoit at tbo morgas this morelngoa tbo body olaman named Taomas S, Walker, n hawker, who mo lennd dsad in bfn cart at the Old Lamb Inn, Elizabeth street, on Saturday morning. The police receive 1 a telegram from Mocroopna, where the dee rated .had lormorly resided, ststlng that he had will connected relatione, including a membu ol Psrlionent, In Moltonrnn, bet th« Ipo'Ijc wee nnablo to find ibom, A verdiet ol death from pneumonia, in aecordanoo with the evidence of Dr Wllkie, rvns rttnrnsd, A woman, named Ethel Lake, a masriep woman aged 22 years, a seeldent ol Down Street, Oollingwcod, who was odmtttsd to the Melbourne Hospital on Sunday morning last in an Insensible state, died yeetesday. It war slated that morphia hod been administered In tho woman by n mediesl man, bnt the post-1 mortem examination did not show any eigne ol opinm poisonieg, tho eanao ol dtath being exbanelion, Tho report of the Tltloe Commission has at length reached ths Solloltor- Gcnessl, en ronte to his Exosllonoy the Governor. The uinol oonrse is to trust tneh reports as confidential until hil Exotllenoy, who Unfits npon bis privilege in oil matters affooting tha dignity ol tho Grown, has ptrnsed them. A noteworthy, point In connootion with tha dlepntebetweonMeesre Johnson nnd G o. and tha bollcrmahorn who have gone ont on etslke U that tho latter, acotrdlng to Mr J, C. John- eon's statement, have nothing to loeo by a ilia on tbe premises, Their tools are supplied la tbcm by tho firm, Bnt the woodworkers -Jolnors, ebip oarpentors, and pat tern makers— aia vary dlfforontly placed, Thoy provide themselves with all tools requited lor their hendioralt, and tha more exptrt havo appliances worth In all L60 per men, dealer named William Patfcee woe arrested Ihfs morning on warrant, charging him with stealing a sot ol barnesa valned at IO, the proportr ol Denis Qnlu, on ths 25th May lost, Tho property was stolen ont ol Mr Qnin's stable, Parkor employe bst.ein SO nnd 40 men at Bonth Yens, and " Tiger 1 M'Mohcn, who le nnder arreel ' In connection with the NatloualBank robbery, naeonool them. The examination ol Joseph Webster, draper, ol Victoria tlseet, Hotham, Is proceeding at the Const ol Insolvency, Hie Honor Judge Nod is presiding, Mr Farmer appeared lor the trustee, and Mr Brnhom lor the "Usui , vecf, An investigation U flow taking place In reterenoe totheoauss ol the aooldent whloh coourred on the Richmond line yesterdsy, by nhiob an engine let! the rails, Ths engine was only jest ont ol tbe repairing aheps, and it is now boing examine! It is tboogbt , that these was coma Imporleotlon in tbe sybcelr, "It's a peculiar case, and I don't think eneh a one has ever oimt bsfora ma in this court,' said Mr Ponton, in tho Dlstrlot Oonrt to-dar<' Mr Rosier, the Jsweller, bed Buod Nanasrrow and Go, i lor L2 12 , G1 goods supplied, Joining a Mr Tnckei as ono el the dclendasts, Took ,r, however, snore that be had never resolved any portion olthog odr, and wasnotinpsitrmihlp with Naninrcow, The Bench theralore made ' ' on older egainil the latter, The eitiinge ol the Pnblla Bervlee Board were reinmod this morning, badness being the beating ol repreeentationa bom linant inspec tors, who bad been Ultnnolaerifiod owing In their being ooneldered temporarily employed, '. but who now sreie to be pal . hi. ' ceilafa date, Altit ' lhtenlag to NTtnl ' ol the Inapeetorr, who olalmid to b( . ' entitled to be rated ee 4th elau clsrlca'J ' the Board promiied to eoniidee what they had- \- advaeoed. The next was the hearing olapposli . Iiom tho school inipeetcin. who alleged chef - had been disrated. The Board were eonaldM-. leg the case when onr reporter lelt. Ouiiilcf ; ' tbey erlll not elt egaln nnUl to-ne:row M ': 10ms, 