AN ADVENTUROUS NIGHT RIDE. A STORY OF THE NILE- Paiit I, " Halloa, Fred 1 Fred Lee I Don't you know ino ?" The speaker was a young Englishman, ill a pith helmet and suit of white, such as wo wore, most of us, under the fierce Egyptian sun. He was standing on the deck of tho small steamer —with the Viceroy's' flag flying — which he commanded, and was'near enough to the liver bauk to have been the first to rocogniso mo as I strolled listlossly beside the Nile. "To be sure, Jackson!" X answered, with a laugh. " How goes it, old man? Any. news up stream." My acquaintance— he had been a midshipman in the Itoyal Navy before ho took service under the Egyptian Government — told me, briefly, that ho and his little vessel had boon ordered to the First Cataract,, not far off, to bring back word as to the probable uatnre of the expected inundation of the Nile, and whether it would bon "good"or "bad Nile" for tho coining crops. . "I've been under fire, by the by," said Jackson, carelessly, as lie lit n fresh cigar and beckoned to his Arab call boy. "A mere nothing I only some rascally Albanian soldiers that have mutinied and murdered their major; 50 miles off, at Ghalza, on account of their arrears of pay. They wore on their way to tho Soudan, and knew that thoy were meant to did there— they had been too troublesome at Cniro, I : suppose— and now they are paying them- solves, plundering the country people, and cutting the telegraph wires. Thoy peppered us with a rattling tiro and wounded lfiybluck cook, but they'll be smoked out, like a- wasps' nest, before I got back from Assouan, while you nro safe up - here. Good-bye, Leo! Go- on ahead 1". The steamer passed on, and I rambled back — > it was deep in tho afternoon — to my house be side the sugar mill of which I was manager,' and which belonged to a wealth Egyptian puslia, .who had been glad to engage an Euglish- man to look after his iuterests and transmit the profits of the business to Alexandria. It so iinppencd that I bad especial qualifications for such a. post, having managed, in the West . Indies, a similar concern, and I had no reason to complain of my employer's estimate of the value of my services, since my salary of £300 a year was, in that cheap district, regarded as a liberal one. But then I was in lovo, anil could not, so the parents Of my affianced one thought, afford to marry- until I should havo climbed higher up fortune's ladder. Artcsia, tho girl I loved, was tho eldest daughter of a rich cotton plautcr — Mr. Marmuduko Harris — who hail purchased un estate kuoirn us tho Islaud of Sarchcpunta, SO miles lower down the- Nile, and which consisted of 1100 acres of black alluvial soil, skirted by cane brakes and the re mains of ancient cauals, and whicb, though now a mero promontory, had probably been once an actual islet, as it was still called.. Mr. Harris was a kind man and well to do, but he had half a dozen olivo brandies to provide for, and,- though I was personally a favorite with the whole Harris family, I believe, declined to sanction any formal engagement between Artosia and myself until my worldly circumstances should have altered for the belter. But I had the ossurauco of tho dear girl's truth and faith, and could .afford, therefore,- to wait and hope. I was pacing to and fro in the verandah of tho house attached to the mill, and which was my official place of residenco, when I saw ap proaching mo, at the swiuging. slinging trot of u fleet dromedary, red saddled, the quaint figure of a little old man, whose portentous turban, flowing beard, and streaming robes denoted the priestly character. Soon I rccoguised Hassan, tho Turkish dervish — Hassan Abd ElKerim, as ho was usually styled — and who bore a high re putation for sanctity along the banks of the Nile. Hassan wus an odd personage — one of tho dancing dervishes of Peru, who had left his European convent, why or wherefore I nover exactly knew — and I had made his acquaintance in auodd way. . Six months before the date of my talc Iliad chanced to sec the tiny paper boat— one of those papyrus cnuoes that have existed in Egypt since Herodotus was a special correspondent — which contained the dervish and a negro boat man. ground upon a shoal and capsize. The black, unencumbered with superfluous garments, swam away to shore ; but the luckless dervish, overweighted with his wet robes, was drowning when I dashed in, grasped his arm, nud brought liim safely back to laud. - The incident was, of .itself, commonplace enough. What ivas re markable was Hassan's gratitude. Moslem anil sciui saint as bo was, he formed a sincere attach ment towards the English infidel who had saved his life,, and proved it partly by quotations from tho Korau and the poets, and partly by the s'm- gular interest which ho never failed to show in .my well being, Frank nnil Christian as I syas. ; ."i .wont out to tliq gate, to meet my- queer, friond, .but; oil this occasion his bcliavior was uhepmnplod. Ho made /liis, dromedary kuoel J owlydismoiin'ted, and pitched tho rpd tassellcd hridlq oyer a. gate- post; after ,-wliicli,. without salaam or salutation of the .customary-kind, he brushed past me - and stalked, ghost like', . into flic house. I followed, and found the dervi I, in the centre of the floor of my large, sparelv furnished Fitting room, iu front of which the verandah rau, commanding a view of (lie broad smooth Nile, " Welcome, llassuu Abd pi Kcrim 1" said I, iu Arabic, and then added ibc Turkish words, Iloosh Uoulilook 0r " Well seen." Not a syllabic nor a gesture did the dervish vouchsafo by way of reply, but rrn theriug up his skirts with somewhat the air of au opera dancor, lio silently begad a rapid re volviug ilancc, such as only great practice 'and painful tuition could havo rendered po«ible Sometimes tho little man was stntionmw uing like some lmgo top. in a manner which it maite one's brain reel to watch ; and at other- lie was darting about the room like an angrr wasp, gyrating in every direction, his garmrats floating on tho breeze, while his heavy tnrbaj, his venerable heard, and tho intense solemnity of his expression lout an additional ilrollcrv to the siugular gambols which lie hail thought fit to indulge in. I was sorely porplexed. I knew cnou-U of the East aud of its people to he aware that tl,js was no mero freak of a half inad Snntou. hut a religious exercise, seriously performed, and really bolicvcd to he of vital iinportmicc by the fanatic who was thus rotating before mv eyes That this; dance wns the preliminary to some moincutons communication I could scarcely doubt. But whenever I attempted to speak my fast spinning visitor gravely lifted his |mnj iu token of warning or rebuke, and in-perfect silence resumed his solitary waltz. Quicker and quicker grew the dance, the performer »t intervals flapping his aims like wings, and thcu again pausing to give three jumps, while his rolling eyes scorned as full of hidden racauinn- as Lord Burleigh's famous nod. I picked up my pipe, the stem of which was of the Syrian lilac, nud, taking my seatou the divan thai was tho chief article of furniture in the room, mid which wns out of tho dancer's way, smoked philosophically while awaiting the conclusion of this strange scono. At last the reverend guest seemed satisfied iu his mind, for ho came ab ruptly to a stop, and, very hot and breathless, gasped out — " What says the Koran ?" " That we should show proper hospitality (o our friends;" said I, in tolerably fluent Arabic, as I roso from my seat and "offered a cherry wood chibouque, with nnibor mouthpiece and gaudy howl, to the visitor. " You must he thirsty, too, Hassan, after your ride, nud there is still some of the pale iile left; or Ali, the boy, shall fetch us shorbot aud coffec if you prefer it, and " "Fred!" cxclnlmcd the dervish, with an in difference to tobacco and malt and hops which ho had never heforo shown. " If I lmvo ridden fast and far, as I have, from nbovo Assou.ru, and at a speed that few dromedaries save miuc— my dear one, which is almost a match fur even I'M Bornk, tlie winged steed of our prophet— could exert, trust me it wns to pay a debt — the ileht of a life. I am a holicver. Thou, 0 Effenili, art a Gliiaour, aud yet I have not forgotten whose strong hands dragged mo from the eddies of tho Nile ; aud now, when you also are in danger, I cannot hut hurry to warn you as if you were a brother and a Mussulman eveu like myself." "Danger!" ejaculated I, half incredulous, for I could not conceivo tho uatnre of any peril that should threaten me where I lived. Egypt wns thcu under the stem rule of Ismail Pasha, a quiet .country; where the patient Fellaheen wore no more likely to harm a European than a . flock of sheep to molest a stranger, and there was not a wild Bedouin within leagues. But Hassau again raised his hand. " It is coming I" he cried, impatiently ; "it is comiug — the Nile flood! No gentle flow to quicken the harvest, but a roaring Ma with all its thousand waves, washing away man and beast, hut and palm tree, as it comes. ; It is n Nilo of wratli, sucli a Nile as comes hut once in forty years, and there will he wailing aud ruin on its track. Fly ! fly nt once I for house aud mill will be. ere half nil- hour, but as straws drifting down the furious tide I" I grew pale us 1 heard this, and- Hassau, in answer to my questions, persisted that only tho swiftness of the animal ho rodo hail enabled him to outstrip tho raging flood. - The sugar mill and tho manager's house had been built ou low ground, and were exposed to the fuli-.force of tho iauudution, but my oivu safety- would easily bo. secured by hurrying to one of the higher spots whereon the hamlets of the peasantry stood. I could iu no wiso protect the property of my employer, to whose Oriental carelessness was, duo the liability to peril by an unusually high flood, and to whom the damage douo merely represented the loss of, so many piastres. But I wns much more concerned for the pro bable fate of tlio girl I loved, aud of her father anil mother, brothers and sisters, 90 miles down tho Nilo Vnllov, on tho easily overflowed isluud of Sarchcpunta, and without a thought of the comiug disaster. " Good heavens 1" I exclaimed in English. " Why, they will all perish iu their sleep I Hassau, the dervish, knewnomorc oi Euzusli than lie' dill'- of Chinese, hut he was a kind hearted littlo mau, and, after matters liad been explained to him, evinced a real interest m Il!) evident distress. The problem before me was, how to reach Sareliepunta iu timer to warn tue Harris, family of tho nearness of the fast ap proaching peril ? Tlicro wfro neighbors- Mnhometan gentlemen, who talkod French and sipped chnuipngue— any of whom would uav lent mo a good horso iu uiy sore need, uut valuable time would he wasted in the. necessary preliminaries, and the best horeoiu Upp Egypt couhl not race w ith the ! Nile flood for 9 ' ""There is hut ono thing for it," Hassan, ' almost ns excited as myself. , must rido mv l'carl. my Mootce, nqr pc<- dromediiry, ami I will trust her— yes. trusWicr to you, Christian as- you maybe, friend r i ratlier.tliiin.thc nioqn eycil English you lovo should bo awakened from her s'1"" ,, by tho icy toncii of Azrnol— tho angel of 1 -Yes, I will lend- you my dromedary— it is only chance. Herfleet feet can devour the wV from hero to Sareliepunta, and she is ' n aud mocks at fatigue, where a brave hw»e J break 'his heart uutl die. Anil l wl' f.e;J( at hgwto mako lier , kneel nud rise nu," , —j your bidding. But quick,, for the terror comes!" ? ser- i We bastoncd out— I calling aloud; f"' rants that the NUuwnyo was coming dow n upo .ns, '.and that thoy must; leave all and fly u hastily the dervish explained to mo how V a dromedary oljpy my call,, and put tho bridle ol.tlio dpoilqbeastT- nowtraiiqmll«i'ncci lug to rcceivo its now »dor— L Wk J' Be careful my Tear! I"— the lUtlo -,w» almost sobbed out the wonts ns I cordially wrung his hand lit mounting. " She isnlnmh, a dote, n treasure, of the purest breed of El Moghvcb — Morocco, as you Franks call it — in thcFar West, a true Shrccb Er Reel), or wind drinker, and conld run for forty-eight hours ' without water or rest, like an nutelope of the desert. I must love you dearly, 0 unbeliever 1 to mount you, on her red saddle and to consign lier to your care. But quick, for already I hear the roar of the flood." I, too, could hear a dull, confused noise, like the wares of an angry sea. I jeiked the bridle, and laid my hand on the dromedary's neck'. Silently the animal rose, and, in oiic- . dienco to a second jerk of tiro bridle, set off, arrow swift, at a run, so silent and so rapid that it seemed ghostlike in its speed and noisc- lessncss. My farewell to. Ifassan was but a friendly nod, but, ns I looked round, I caw tho dervish, in company with my three servants, scrambling up tho tortuous path nmongst tho sandhills that led to the upland villages, planted on sites out of reach' of any conceivable rising ' of the river. My own course lay northwnrds, and, ns wo sped' along tho smooth road that bordered tbo Nile, I twice turned my head so as to catch a glimpse of something tawny and streaked with white that came along like a ' moving wall with a low, sullen roar, and a ' splashing, gurgling sound. How 1 regretted the half-hour or more which ' bad been consumed by that religious dance i with which Hassan bad thought fit to prelude Ills communication ! But tho fleet dromedary left the menacing sights and sounds hchiuii, rushing on rapidly along the sandy truck. I had never beforo ridden a dromedary — an animal which differs from a camel, much as a racc-horso differs from a cart-horse, ublo to ..carry hut light weights, but capable of accom plishing marches such as the best mounted irregulars' of our Indian cavalry could never compass. Still. 90 miles seemed to mo a long, long distanco when, full in chase, cumo the formidable inundation, and when all depended , on tho endurance of the flcot-footcd creature on whose back I was perched. I had travelled through tho night for about six hours, and jnde;cd by tho landmarks that some two-thirds ' of the wcarr- way had been traversed, when suddenly, by the pale light of the crescent . moon. 1 caught sight of a tuft of palm trees and a group of red granite pillars, marking the Gito of a mined temple, -and amidst which my ' eye caught the gleam of arms nnd tho flutter of . snowy filtB as a number of picturesquo forms stood' grouped around a ruddy watclilire. My very blood ran cold as I perceived that I bad, in my incautious haste, blnudcred upon the bivouac of tho mutinous' Albanian soldiery of Ghalza, and that a rough- interruption to my ' ioufner was to be expected. "Haiti stand! orlfirol" shouted three of the robber soldiers in very imperfect Arabic, but emphasising their meaning liy pointing their muskets at my person; while two others . rushed to scizo my bridle. Resistance mid ex postulation were alike useless. I was compelled 'to dismount, deprived of my dromedary, and plundered of my watch, money and revolver with u promptitude which conld only have been the result of long practice. Then, with a cord knotted round my wrists, I was dragged to the inner circlo tlint wasmadoliy tho red glow of the firelight; "Why, the fellow is a Frank 1" bawled one of my captors. " An Ingliz, too 1" , responded another of tho Amants ; " I saw- plenty of them when I was a boy over in' Corfu there." : They spoko in modern Greek, with oc- Cdsionially a Turkish or a Slavonic word inter- . polatcd, but I, whoso father had been a Consul iu tho Levant, and who, as a stripling, had been reputed clover at the languages, understood them perfectly. Some disappointment was expressed that I was not a rick Bey or wealthy landowner, whose ransom would bo easily oxtortcd ; and one grim marauder suggested that to biml me neck and heels, and fling inc into the Kile, would be advisable ; but ' milder counsels prevailed. My wrists wore al ready tied together, and now I was tethered with" a hair ropo to a shallorcd pillar of crimson porphyry, wlnle a few haudf uls of coarse dhurra ' straw and a tattered capoic were flung upon the ground to serve me for u bed. I knew tho wild natures of those who now- held mo prisoner too well to dream that expos tulation or entreaty could avail. Hadl warned them of the approaching flood, they wonld have mocked mo, and, indeed, Ghulza," perched on a high and rocky bank, was tolerably sccuro \- from au inundation. As fruitless would it have bean, to mention my anxiety on Artesia's ac count, or tbo cause of my hurried journoy. Thero was little sentiment in the hearts of these \- dissolute mercenaries, any one of whom would probably, havo stabbed bis best friend for the sake of a gold pieco, and whoso only merit appeprod to bo the gay good humor which cupidity or caprico might in a moment convert intohu-y, I A picturesquo bivouac it was. The roniains of a shoep, roasted whole, nud which had been roughly carved with knives nnd daggers, yet dangled tieforo the fire by a stout iron chain, and opposite to It a huge camp kettle, which lmd contained a savory stew of kid, fowls, and rice, was suspended. Supper was over, liow- . ever, nnd tho Aruauts, divided into .. groups, were gambling with greasy cards, \- or. -at a game resembling, the Neapolitan lliorra ; while ono toll fellow, in crimson jacket and whito. fustunollo, and with n dcop scar of a . . sword cut crossing his villanous countcuuncc, was twanging a gnitnr. No food was offered to tho captive, nor, indeed, could I have eaten . a morsel ; but a Pulikar, more merciful than tho others, gavo mo a gourd nearly full of Water, and filled up the rudo goblot with fiery corn liraudy from n bottle which ho carried . uudor his arm, nud I thankfully swallowed the contents, fori wasparched with thirst and spent with toil. Presently tho brawling of tho gamblers ceased, and tho twang of the guitar was hushed, and all tho Albanians laid themselves down to rest, souio closoto tho glowing embers of tho fire, and others crouching beside fallen pillars and blocks of , granite. I, liowevcr, was in no mood for sleep, left as I was to the bitterness of my reflections. . How I blamed my .own want of- prudence in venturing, as I bad dona, into tbo lion's den, and in- omitting to give ia wide bortb to Gbalza and tho fierco mutineers who gnrrisonod itl Tho consequences of my rashness might, nay, must bq fatal to her whom Iloved host, 6inqe no timely warning could bo given, and I .feared -that before moinlug my beloreiVand her wholo kith nndkiu wonld, have . perished in (ho ruthless flood. . .. 1 . .PAUT HI. Tho palo ' moon- and i tho dying . watcli -fire . threw a wavering and unccrtaw'liglit upon tho robbers' bivouac. My captors were all osiecp ; of that I was tolerably certain, so profound was tbe stillness. There had been no atloinpt to plant sentinels at tho edge of the camp, and indeed nil discipline seemed to have been relaxed, as usual in cases nt military mutiny. Nearer to tho Nile bank, nbout 100 yards dis tant, grew a cluster of slender date trees, and lo one of these the dromedary — my late mount — had been fastened. I could see lier long, siiukv neck move nt intervals as she stooped her head to browse the rank grass. Suddenly iny heart leaped, nnd my eyes brightened, as the idea of cscnpc suggested itself to mc. I might elude my gaolers nud he yet in time to npprisc Mr. Harris of the coming peril. There stood flic droiucdniy— Hassan, the dervish's four- footed fnvorito — the swift " wind-snckcr,'' whoso speed had enabled mc. to leavo the sullen roar of the Nile flood far behind. At every moment I expected to hear the hoarse sound again that should announce the de vastating rush of the fast approaching water. Could I again spriug on tbnl fleet footed crea ture's back, I might yet outstrip file inundation and reach Sarchcpunta before its slcoping house hold should he overwhelmed by the resistless river wave. Escape ! It was easier to form the idea than to rcaliso it. In the first place, I was bound, Then, too, 1 should lmve to run the gauntlet, ns it were, if my hands were freo, amidst a score or more of picturesquely attired cutthroats, armed to the teeth, nnd ns ready to tako the life of a man as of a mosquito. I had seen much, and had heard more, of these wild mountaineers nnd their wuys. If I remained quiet, spoke them fair, nnd made use of mybest Romaic nnd most diplomatic manners, I should probably he allowed to huv my freedom m a few days' "time for a cheque for Xr5Q on my Cairo banker., which somo Reis, or captain, of n passing dulinbcnh would undertake to convert into cash. On tho other hand, an impending attack on the port of tho Egyptian troops would most likoly causomo to be butchered like a calf, nud an attempt to escape would certainly he ns summarily pun ished. Yet, for Artesia's sake, I determined on a hold effort at escape, he the risk what it might. Very cautiously I began with my teeth to loosen the cord that tied my bruised wrists to gether. To my great joy I soon discovered that the ninny knots and twists, elaborate as they were, were more voluminous than tight, and after twenty minutes or so of patient labor I found that my arms wcro free. To cast off tho hair rope that tethered lue, like some cap tured animal, to the stump of the pophyry pillar wasa facile task. Yes, so far ns bonds wont Iwns free. But between mc nnd safety intervened a score or so of recumbent figures, nuy ono of whom might, for ought I knew, spring to his feet and thwart my scheme by a shot or a stab. The firelight, too, was dying away, while the moonbeams had shifted so as to throw less radiance on the slumbering brigands and to il lumine the ruins of tho nnciont walls, whence tho hugely-sculptured faces of kings and deities, long unrcvcrcnced, looked down upon me with ;ranito eyes and unwinking, stouv stare as I icgan my timid advance. Three steps brought mc to where the waning watchfiro still threw a fading redness on the gleaming weapons, the milk-white kirtles and red shawls nud gaudy jackets, thecriniEon blue-tassclled caps, and the lithe forms of tho sleepers, few of whom had cared to drape themselves in the amplo folds of tho rough lamb's wool enpoto. My blood ran cold in my veins as the Arnant nearest to me stirred uneasily and muttered drowsily, "Is that you, Yanos ?" It was an awkward moment. To keep silent, to draw back, or to reply were tho three courses open to mc, nud any -one of the three wns hazardous. Should any suspicion nriso in tho mind of the half-nwnkcncd soldier, tho alarm might, at once be given, and then indeed my lifo would havo hung by a thread. Instinct prompted me to answer in Greek, but counter feiting the harshness of the Albanian ncccnt as best I could — " Yes, yes, it is I. Good-night, comrado." An inarticulate growl wns the satisfactory response of the ruffian to whom I spoke, and, rolling himself over in tho straw, ho became once more quiescent. I waited until his deep and regular breathing reassured me, nun men began to thread my way, with heedful stops, ninong the prostrate forma, much as a man might pass through tho midst of a company of sleeping tigers. My progress was tedious, and such as appeared to iny impatient self in tolerably slow — dreading, as I did, to hoar the coming thunder of the Nile flood, and to bo too lato to reach Saichepunta beforo tho mischief should havo happened. On I went, as cautiously as somo blindfolded wrotch of old, enduring tho terrible ordeal of walking among red-hot ploughshares, knowing well that the most trivial accident, such as stepping on a dried palm branch, might - arouse my perse cutors to sudden vigilance. It . was possible, too, that from some dusky corner amongst tho weeds and broken stoucs I might be espied by somo rascal more wakeful than his mates, iu which case I should probably be shot down be foro I could clear tho camp. At last I was outside tho circle that hod been formed around tho watch fire, now almost ox- tiuct; and walking faster, but with stealthy stops, I approached tho cluster of date trees, to ono of which the dervish's dromedary had been made fast. Tho intelligent creature seemed to rccogniso mc, for it turned its patient head and gentle oyes towards mo and mode an oscillating motion of its long, pliant neck.' Tho redsuddle, high peaked and brass mounted, was yet ou the beast's neck, and the broad girths wero undis turbed. I fonud somo difficulty—thanks to my want of experience in tho management of camels in causing the dromedary to kneel, and tho delay thus occasioned reminded mo painfully of tho Arabian A'ights, and of the anguish of Ali Baba's covetous' brother Cnssim.'ns in tho rob bers' treasuro cave lio vainly tried to remember tbo magic words, " Open Sesnmo, that would liberate him with his illicit gninsheforo tho gang enmo galloping hack to punish his intrusion with their sharp sabres. At last I mado the patient animal kneel, nnd with real delight resumed my seat in tho deep demipiquo saddle and thrust my feet into the shovel stirrups. Then I pulled tho " wind drinkor's " long neck aud jerked tlio bridle, and the animal roso to its broad, spongy feet as quickly , and' silently as a spectre on the stago 'r)ges from a trap door. ' I felt myself safe. Turning tho- dromedaryV lioad ' towards tho smooth road that skirted tho Nile, I gave- two. more - tugs at .'the; red .fassclled bridlo, iu compliance -with! -tho dircptipns of . tbo ! dorvish. Instantly, to iny ; , liorror, tho 'stillness of tlio night was disturbed by tho hideous ' livena-liko cry; ' half-sobbing' scream, half-lnugh'which comols utter iu moments qf excitement, nnd which was loud enough to have I awakened, not merely the marauding soldicrr so near me, but the seven sleepers of Epliesu's themselves. In nil instant drums were beating, trumpets sounding, voices uplifted in a sudden cnl! to arms, since, for aught the mutineers knew, the Governor of the province, with two thousand regulars aud a train of artillery, might ho upon them in a night nttack. Again I jerked the dromedary's bridle, nnd off wo sped, past flic ruins aud into the clear moonlight. A yell of fury followed, and then, hang, hang ! flash, flash I went n score of rifles, quickly repeated hy fresh flashes and fresh reports. I kicked the dromedary with the sharp points of my shovel stirrups, and pressed ou, the bullets whizzing around me like angry wasps on (he wing. One shot lodged in the pommel of my red saddle, a second traversed the soft felt of my hat, nnd a third passed through my right sleeve and grazed my wrist ; but before the daugorous salute could be renewed the fleet dromedary had curried me fnirly out of range, and I wns safe from pursuit. On we went, like tho wind itself. The dromedary's powers had not been overrated by her partial owner, and her swift feet sped noiselessly on, covcriug leagues nnd leagues of ground, ns if tlio creature had been no thing of bono and muscle, but a tireless machine. I had no further fear of my late captors. Even had they been mounted, the Arnants could hardly have hoped to overtake me with the stort I had ; and, as it was, pur- I suit was impossible. But I feared tho coming Nile flood — not for myself, but for tho sake of those whom I wished to save. Valuable time had been lost during my period of captivity, nnd no doubt tho inundation was advancing "in its strength, nnd must sooner or later overwhelm Sai chepunta and all who dwelt there. To reach the doomed islet in time to warn llic sleepers was my ardent desire, nnd ns iny strange steed and I sped on through the black ness of tho night, under the white stars and the pole gleam of the crescent moon, I kept my cars open to ho ready to distinguish tho distant roar of the fur approaching water. No, all seemed still, except the sighing of tho faint breeze that stirred tho drooping leaves of the palm trees and Egyptian willows that skirted the bank. I began to feel a sense of triumph. My watch and money, my ring3 and my revolver, remained, indeed, in custody of the spoilers from whom I bad escaped ; but what signifies this trifling loss provided I wcro yet in timo I to warn the Harris family of the coining peril, nnd lo save from danger the girl whom I loved ? Suddenly the dromedary swerved, snorted, and turning her intelligent head, sniffed thcair like a hunted deer, and uttered a curious little cry. The creature's senses had been finer than mine, for it was not until soms minutes later lliat my duller ear cnuglit a far off, snllcn sound that I knew but too well, and, looking around, I espied at j n considerable distance tho great wave, rising like a watery wall, and crested with glistening foam, tlint came. rolling, down the wide river, and driving beforo it a confused mass of floating wreck. Lashing tho camel with the long bridle-rein, and pressing tho sharp edge of tho Oriental stirrups to its shaggy flank, I urged the animal forward with voice and hand. . It was a terrible race that ensued, a race for lifo or death, but Hassan tho dorvish had just cause to bo proud of the speed and en- 1 durance of tlio fleet-footed creature that he had committed to my care, and gradually, but surely, we outstripped the formidable foe, so that the hoarse roar died away in distance, and tho tawny surfaco of the broad river remained unruillcd by the coming mischief. On, on wo went, swiftly and silently, for miles and leagues. Bnt if the shreeb cr reeh seemed tire less and held gallantly on as a falcon cleaves the air, it was otherwise with myself. The exercise of riding n dromedary is, to a European at least, very fatiguing, and I reeled and tottered from sheer exhaustion as time wore on, while my wear)- eyelids conld scarcely be kept from closing, and it was only by some instinct that I contrived to keep awoke and to stick to my saddle. Forward, ever forward, wo hurried along tho sandy , read. Thero wore moments wlion I fancied thnt the speed of tho "wind- drinker" was flagging, and when I even thought that I could hear the booming sound of tho mrsuing flood ; and then again I awoke from a | iricf doze, to start uneasily aud clutch tho crimson pommel of- tho saddle for support, and to strain my - tired eyes in tbe effort to make out such lundmorks as might assure mo of tho mileage I had yet to traverse beforo the goal was reached. Sarcliopunta at last I That low-lying, island- lookiug tract of land,, cinbosomcd in dense vege tation,. and surrounded hy tho remains of ancient works, could bo no othor than the fer tile plantation that I sought. And there was the house, too, wbitc-froutagcd, and nestling amidst leafy shade trees. By this fimo my strength was so thoroughly spent that it was with difficulty I could, guide tho dromedary to tho door of tlio sugar-planter's dwelling and dis mount. I remember knocking at tho door and calling aloud, or striving fo do so, ns wc try to ciy out when suffering from nightmare, hut my parched tonguo clove to tho roof of my hioutb, and my voice was scarcely audible eyeu to my own ears, as I stood thero reeling, while tho solid earth boueath my unsteady feet seemed to rock aud quiver. Then there wns a gleam of light; and then I think I must havo fainted, for when I re-opened my bewildered eyes I found myself within the house, and lying on a sofa, surroundod by several of tho Arab servants, ono of whom supported ray head, while Mr Harris himself stood lookiug compassionately down upon mc. Our eyes met. "Why, Lee t Fred, my poor fellow, what is this ? " asked tbo planter.' I could not answer at first, so utter was mv exhaustion.; but thoy gavo mc wine, and sprinkled water on my forehead, and presently I gained strength to tell my talc. My warning thus given was not one to bo disre garded. There was an immcdiato hurry and bustle. throughout tho lately slumbering house hold, nnd mules and camels were hastily ac coutred anil lndcu with valuables, and with such' porfablo articles of property as might ho found useful iu camping out, -'.tho dusky domestics working, nt this pinch,, with most un-Oricntal promptitude, and iu an incredibly brief space of timo every living creature had left the honse, huriying towards the nearest spur of highland, lioyoud the reach of harm. " I was still so feehlo as to -need the support' of one of tho whito-; dndm Egyptians, while : anothor led by tho bridlo the patieut dromedary, to whoso speed nU, tlicrp wcro - indobtcd, for their; safety. Thorc was, indeed, up time to. bo", lost, Aswo threaded our way upwards 'wo could hear the mcnocing;roar that- announced- the approaching inundation. Artesia walked bfsidp mc, her I hand ifl ining. ",f 'v;,' "Fred, tny poor Fred! "she murmured; "how good nud brave you were, uud all for our sakes, among those dreadful men 1 It makes me shudder, even now that you are here, to — Papa ! help him I " she added, with a cry of alarm, ns I reeled and fell, fainting for the second (line. I was lifted from flic earth and carried, ns I conjecture, for sonic distance, since, when I re covered from flic swoon, I found myself in the centre of an improvised bivouac ou somo high ground, out of reach of the inundation, nnd which commanded a vew of ihc Nilo and of the fertile lowlands of Sarchcpunta. From our secure perch we could sec the huge wave of the advancing flood, heralding its approach with a roar like that of some devouring nionsfer, sweep down upon the planter's house and the extensive range of outbuildings, and in less time than it takes to pen the words roof, walls nnd nl seemed to melt away, ami nothing was visible but i mass of rubbish and broken woodwork floating ou (ho turbid surface of the resistless tide. " You arc better now, Fred. I hope," said Mr. Harris, kindly, as he bent over me and took my hand. " Why, that's right, my lioy ! Yon have saved all our lives, and you shall not find us ungrateful." My tale is nearly told. How we all found temporary shelter "in tho mansion of a neigh boring landowner, hospitable ns, with all their faults, the wealthy Egyptian Beys arc apt to lie ; how, after a few days of repose, 1 . recovered from the excessive fatigue of my eventful ride, and how the swift dromedary was lieedfnlly sent hack to its rightful pro prietor, needs hut brief mention. If warm thanks aud hearty gratitude could I avail, I should have been overpaid for the ser vice I had rendered to Artesia's parents. But. in addition, 1 was rewarded bv their cordial consent to my innrringe with their daughter, land, three months later, my engagement with my Moslem employer having terminated, 1 he- came a partner with Mr. Harris in his thriving cotton plantation, and the happy husband of my own dear girl. Sarchcpunta cotton, care- fully grown from the best "sea island seed that America cau produce, neatly picked and honestly packed, is yet at a premium in the markets of Alexandria nnd of Marseilles, nud our district has been fortunate enough to escape the scourge of civil war. Hassan, the dancing dervisli, on whom Mr. Harris bestowed a weighty sack of piastres "for the poor," since a Mussulman man of religion is conventionally presumed to need no money, pays us an oc- I casional visit mounted on his dromedary, nud is always a welcome guest. And, on such oc casions, my dear wife never fails to caress the camel's long neck and soft velvety muzzle as it cats its meal of dhurra and maize-cuke at our door, and to look fondly into the dark eyes nnd patient face of the swift wind-drinker, by whose endurance and matchless speed her own life and those of her kindred wero so marvellously preserved. — Casscll's Saturday Journal . 