PARIS LETTER. {FEOH OCE OSS COEKESrOin)E3T-} Pabis. Avzu3l 22ad. 1 \- il. Ecnard takes stock of England during I the last fifty years z the inventory is curicus. J In 1S15, a Fea of blood separated the two j nations z to-day, oddly enough, they are « separated—happily—as ever by the istraits J of Dover, and the nssd up hrpocnass of ententes cortHales, alliances, and comnier- j rial treaties. Since Henry "VXIX- Queen "Victoria was the only English sovereign j that pat foot cn the soil of France—save in exile. And to in the fifteenth century Henry VL of England -ens crowned King of " France—a sm-*ll consolation for the Gorman ; conquest—at. Notr® Dame. France shel tered James of England, and, not to be out done in politeness, England gave a home to : Xonis XVUL, Charles X , Louis Phifiippe, and Napoleon ITT. Gmzit repaired to j Britain, to stndy the parliamentary system ■ of government at the fountain head z he | returned only "with the forms ot constitu- \ government : the essentials, give and take, toleration for political differences, were j factors unknown to his volatile countrymen Thiers dropped in also, to look up the system , of railways, and officially reported tney •were inapplicable to France. ^ Now railways were the chief bond oi union between the two countries : they enabled the played-out sovereigns of Franca to bolt | more rapidly from their howling, loving subjects ; they facilitated royalists, Bona partists, aye communists and republicans, to reach her shores and ding thereto as to the horns of the altar. Naturally all these political waifs and strays brought home j notions when they regained the natire heath It is thus that the Boulevards became •grmf»adgTTij<u>d 5 wooden pavement was intro- j dnced, as well as laid cotrn. by English workmen r the latter constructed and con tracted for the railways. A? ^ first the ] Fariskms were opposed to gas lighting, but ultimately yielded, as they have done respecting the metropolitan underground or j overhead line. The travelling vehicles, coucou and diligence, have been superseded ^ by the roail coach, tilburys, breaks, and j Tictoriaa. Publicity never was felt to be a ^ want in France, yet advertising vans and . sandwich men insist not the less on supply* regit. Squares, or lung-hole?, have been borrowed fnim England, and also the name ^ Shop3 commence to close on Sua dav, £0 that the city will be abandoned soon onthnt day to a policeman and the dog <>i the Derby race-course. The houses the ones—are no longer case-mates z they are j hnHfc on English ideas of space, air, and light, and every Frenchman's compartment on a fiat is his castle. They are Ininished j with all the comforts of a home, carpets, " fijwers, water, gas. and heating spparata. Au English philosopher laid down that the j civilisation of a people can be measured by < Its consumption of soap- 4i How are the French off for soap T* There ia even to this day a good deal of " washing the hands j with invisible soap in Invisible water.*' There are numerous young citoyens to whom one ] may say, ** Oh, you dirty boy I' so limited still is their cu-U for soap or suds. ^ Only the French are of the religion of j "Voltaire;" still, they might be recommended the Englishman's prayer, who, in addition to supplicating for his daily bread, ^de- , manded to have aUo a clean shirt. Now, whits linen is, among the great unwashed, rare. Some attribute the cause to the ] spinner?, who keen cut American cotton as thev do Cincinnati pork and English thread?. It is perji-le A'bion that has taught Monsieur j the use of the morning tub, and which prolonged the life of Hugo a decade ; that indicated to mothers, bare legs for the j ^hlldr^p lngfr»;»d of swaddling clothe?, and the advantages of mackintoshes, macfar- j lanto, cheviot?, and ulsters. Under the revolution Franee parodied the j •namPK of Rome. Athena.and i?porta estrange there was a decided leaning for the unit-mo cratie name of Julius ; a barber was Brutus, and so an honorable xnsu ; Tbemistocles blacked your boot?, and Leocldas mended thesa. The classical was even superiorjta j the romantic, and, under Napoleon A., oonght iu Oisian, and not the calendar of the family formnla, to prevent yonr coming under the generic .'V or A' of the j catechism. To-daj*, all is Albeit, W II ham. ^ Jenny, and Mary—men cannot borrow the j latter form of the saint's name z even a Spaniard, gourmand as he is for a sausage xoll of piaaaomeus, would shrink from the J deed. Tinpthdi, that is Anglo-Saxonjiilacnce has ; transformed, hat not deformed, French manners. Thus raonts, lunches, teas—no longer tisane and toast—are as common as on ■ •the other side of the channel. So is ** the plum-pud ding," though served in a liquid ; farm. However, faith, and a little blazing -rum, make up the difference. Beefsteaks Lave cut onfc the pot ait feu, so defamed by the Tonquiuois Ferry z *' rosbsf3 is more in ] favor than t-cte tie veatt ; " pel el,"*' porter, punch, grogs, lobster salad, cud bars, are j orders of the day and night. A special edition of the Academy would . be required to incorporate alone the terms ■arid technicaltie3 of the world of sport ; unless some immortal, with a Voltaire | energy, came to judgment, the work would ; only be completed about the same time as the definite establishment of the Third : ^Republic. Sport, bos, cricket, croquet, lawn tennis, yachting, turf, jockey, whist, dub, and tourist, are as familiar iu the j mouths of the French as household, words. From bring the most sedentary, the most Chinese of western nations, they have become | the most travelling—save, Germany-wards. They have two " Cooks" of their own. guaranteed that, after bring a guide to them ! in the wilderness, will not there bid them adien 1 . If French ladies have dictated fashions to j their English sister^ London tailor3 lay down the law to French clubbists and Paris j mashers. In exchange for gracefulness of carriage, well chosen colors, and comfortably artistic toilettes, England has taught the j French sua and] brother virile energy, xnnscular vigor and tenacity, useful and practical knowledge. She has left to ' Bismarck, fortunately, to indicate to the | Ganl his colonial Tonaoins, and the coming Congo complications, with the self-elected Emile L, emperor of an endless number of | coco aunt and ivory subjects. If England lias borrowed largely from French daama, she has ia exchange taught the dramatic ideal to France, and eniaccl- j pated her poets from the yoke of theories z her Bobiji$ott*CVt«0e has roused the spirit of childhood to literature z her Travels of GuHiccr have learned Verne, Fignier, and de P&rvill; e) how to popularise sciences ; Walter Scott's novels have made known the 1 middle ages to France z Dickens has sho^n i ns what is a people's fire side ; and Swift ] has been the type writer for political ; pampbletering. Xet, despite Ml these advantages intercourse, the Jonglish were never less in j the odor of sanctity with the French than to-day. Even the " I do not like thee, Dr. Fell," fails to explain the antipathy. It is not so much the journals which have to depend for their circulation on the intensity of thrir Angio-phoblsm, U3 the absence in the more couunon-sense papers of all protest against a . tendency that will irretrievably alienate' from France all Anglo-Saxon good will. Some, philosophers demand ; " Is the republic on the road to dec 13' T3 The electors will answer that question before next quarter day. Instead of unity, the republic seems to he splitting more and more up into compartments, where each tenant proclaims himself a medicine man. Perhaps "the next Chamber will resemble that of 1S50: a united monarchal apposition, and a funda mentally divided republican majority, resulting in h governmental deadlock. Bat where is the band to grasp the nettle, danger t ClemenceanistheonlypubHcman that bus had the courage to lay down a distinct programme. Those waiters on Fro vidence—the opportunists—continue to be all things to all men, and sugar o'er their terrible blunders by preaching up brotherly I love and unity—ail spermaceti for an inward i bruise. The Brisson cabinet intends pro claiming its policy z it was rather a - burial, th«" a baptismal, service public opinion | expected from the pis aller ministry. There will be a great fight at the congress j to be called for electing M. Gievy's successor. That body, once united, can play ducks and drakes with the whole constitution. If the monarchists vote with the radicals, there is nothing to prevent the congress being con verted into a Convention. The state of the finances causes more and more uneasiness. Voltaire remarked of the openiDgof the reign of Lonis XVL : 4'We are in the golden age, even to the very neck.'* France is not that now r she has not even a ghost of a Tnrgofc. The condition of Annarp is frightful, and opinion suspects that more than 5000 soldieis are down from sickness. It Is estimated that not less than a fresh army of 30,000 men will he required to establish order in that Ferry folly. Of course^ were such asked fcr on the eve of the general elections, the fate of the Republic w*» sealed. The ill-humor of Bismarck towards France is attributed to the tatter's d« riming to hare anything fnriher to do with colonisation bubble?, which undermine tiis strength of the nation. Kocbeforfc contitines to keen the town smnie L Since a new fife of Olivier Pain has seized him, he ont-herod3 Pbre Dudiuit This little stormy petrel has re-apyea.red.and so is a sign of the times. Rochefort demands the Furies to aid him in castigating I/ird Lyons and Wcleeley- He suggests that some one should slap the former's face. In aU his strange career, the man of the Lantern always endeavored to get another to execute his suggestions. Why does he not himself, for ©nee in his life, act on his own recom mendation 2 It is concluded the cholera is very bad in the south of France i the local authorities conceal the true state of affairs, and so do more harm than good. The decision not to allow the Bayard to go to Teuton, with the remains of Admiral Courbet, has created a painful sensation, both as regards the ship and the sanitary condition of the great arsenal city. Itaincy is a pretty village, ten miles from Paris ran oldjmaid,Mile.Aleaetret,purchased i a residence tllere, having for neighbor, the Mayor. Her only companion was a Mile. Merrier, aged 46, whom she in charity took to live with her. The mistress suddenly disappeared' Mercier explained she had retired to a convent, and had authorised her to keep on the house, in addition to ; receiving her rents. Mercier went to a foreign notary, and caused him to execntc a power of attorney, signed by Meaetret, empowering Mercier to legally act for her. : But Mcnetret's nephew and heir did sot like the appearance of the whole affair, the more so as Merrier brought her brother and , two sisters to live with her. The chief of , the detectives one morning had the house | guarded, and arrested the four occupants on ; suspicion. Xext, he had the lawn examined, | and soon found a grave, two feet deep, filled with calcined {bones, that the experts declared to be those of a woman. Id j presence of the discovery the brothergrew j livid, the two sisters called for the clergy to excommunicate the police, while Mercier herself remained as cool as a cucumber, suggesting the remains might belong to an old cemetery, or be those of the missing young woman Boehesner, whom Pel has just been convicted of " removing" by incinera tion. General Chanzy has at last his monument, erected in the city of Man?, which he so bravely defended against the German?, till bravery could hold out no longer ; had he been entraAed with high command at the commencement instead c£ at the elose of the Franco-German war he might have changed the result. Hcs France any more generals of the self abncgsilng-and tenarious-talents agaiast-greit- odds character of ? Anionic B Chanzy, the self-made man 2 By a carious coincidence, Chaczy commenced his career in the navy,and it was to him and two admirals that the French army owed most of its sirategelic lustre during 1S70-7L The most contented uiau in Frauce at this moment is said to be M. Grevy ; he is en« joying the quietest of rests in his modest hotne,uear where he was born ; he passes bis whole day in the highlands chasing the deer, with a passion only equal to what Victor Emmanuel displayed. It is all a joke about M. Grevy potting at rabbits— there is not a pussy in the whole region. He longs for the close of December, when his lease of office expires. F7re rcpubliqnc 1 was a very geaeral way for gardeners to interpret their masters' political opinions, by cultivating flowers to throw in relief the above phrase. The idea has been act^d on. Gardeners have also Ffoe le Lot 1 and Fire TKmpcreur I Till now, that kind of competitive opposition wasmoaopo lised by panots. Young Sothero, it is said, will give a few representations in Paris. iSenrly twenty years airo. when his father nppe^rad here In Lord ? Ltimdrtary, a very distinguished Academician remarked r—**fie can'c speak English, and besides he always stutters 1 