LOBBY WHISPERI.fl)NGS AND GALLERY JOTTd'INIS. (Ibc s' I nESS AOENCY.) Thursday (midnight.) At last we have something definite about the close of the session.. Parlia ment will be prorogued on Friday, -18th inst., at 2 p.m. All business in both Houses will be finished up on Thursday night, leaving nothing but the closing pageant for the following day. It is the first occasion that Sir Henry officiates at a Parliamentary break-up; but the thing in so much in his line that he is bound to do it well. 'As for the views of hon. members at the prospect of an early de liverance, they are- necessarily a, little mixed., Some of the old stagers who feel quite secure-roe-election a certainty they don't muchl mind. All that they stand to lose is the cost of the contest, plus their £0 a week for the period be tween 26th February, when Parliament expires by .eflluxion of time, and 15th March, the day of the general election. ).ith members less secure of re-election the case is different. : i?No signs of, dismay, however, were ap parent on the Assembly benches. , On the contrary,, high glee prevailed all round. Private bills were slaughtered ruthlessly; all saorta of questions and motions were scored out of the notice paper, and yet not., the least , sign: of 1 dissatisfaction amnongst the members thus prevented from driving their favorite fads or riding their pet hobbies through the House. The fact is; that the, private bills,; the questions and the motions-allr nmostly bunkum have already served their purpose. Hon. members can now say to their consetitu elnts, " Well, you see I tried to serve you in overy.way, but the H'ouse would not let mne..:Only give .me another chance and see what Itwon't do," and so the notice" paper was purged of a lot of what printers call "?'tanding matter," stuff, that has cumbered the parliamentary programmes for weeks and months. ~ Taut amongst that: matter there are some, things that must note drop out of remembrance. • One of these is, Msr Doffy's' motion in favor of: the colony doing something towards antarctic explor ation.. Loud laughter, greeted the hoen. mzember's announcement that he did not mean to press the vote on this occasion, but would certainly, if in the House, take it up again next session. ' And in the meantime pay the Antarctic regions a visit," was Mr. Laurens' jokelet. IIn the lobbies something was said about organis. ing a lioliday, trip to the. far south. A martial authority told his fellow members that! a: good strong tug.steamer could easily make. the, round trip .from Hob sun's Bay to tihe great southern continent and back, again within a month. That would give time for excursionists to view the ever 'burning. mounts Erebus and Tcerror.belching ,forth; their volcanic flames and streams of lava 15,000 feet above the sea level., Hon. members formed the notion and.forthwith ad journed to test the "drink, cooling. pro. perties of DI'Gregory's glaciers in the " lift" above. ,i This I am told involves a Scotch pun, for which MIr Anderson is blamed. .Although little was said in the Assembly on Tuesday night when the Education vote for more than half a million was ruslhed through, there , was much talk in., the lobbies. Gentlemen with clerical cut vestments hovered around, there was a good deal of buttonholing, with whispered ghostly advice before the vote came on. There was some expecta. tion of a big debate over the religious in ~struction difficulty, but in spite of pro. fessed conscientious conviction in certain quarters it did not come off. Judging by the lobby talk the religious difficulty is evidently considered a thing to be fought slhy of as long as possible. It will be a burning question at the elections; but " suficient unto the day," etc. Like the expiring flame of an almost burnt-out candle the gaunt ghost of the Licensing Bill presented itself onceo more tothe Legislative Assembly on Wednesday night. The occasion was the consideration 'f a new clause insisted upon by the Council. Mr Carter put himself forward as a great authority upon the licensing subject, maybe because he has noti unlike other members, had his fill of. it, or else because he keeps his eye upon the pub lican division of the community, to Wihout he is said to be so much indebted, or rather hopes theykeep their eyes fixed upon him. At all cevents upon an amendment moved by him a division was taken, which will, in ail likelihood, be the last of many and many a division in relation to that "e over. lasting bone of contention." Now this was certainly ant hotnor in its way, and a very fitting person did it rest with, for thIe member for West Melbourne has not had his share of talk concerning it by any means, for talking upon a platform is not, nfter all so pleasurable as talking to the whole colony of Victoria. Sad to say the divisiot had the fate of taost of its pro decessors of times gone by, but certainly lhe contest was a little closer, being 36 to 8S, and not 0O to 0 or thereabouts, Bont. uiniact style. Tihe factoricts ill will soon he the law cf the land now, and its progress in tih Ilouso is no doubt watched with anxious eves both by employers and employed. Not that thie salpkeepers and factory proprietors, or the great majority of them, have any objection to it in its present form, but legislaturo in bothl the Houses is so eccentric thia sessioo that they never k.ow what miay come next. Oc \Wednes day ni,,h thle Bill was passed safely through committee in the Council, but cit without several mccendmeonts andl the ihakiig out of one or two clauses. The clause which relates to thie stnamping of furniture and like goods with the ,manu f.acturcr's name was somewhat lotly dec bated conselquent upon Mr Ham intro iducinlg cn amendcmcnt to thle effect thalt there should be also stamped upon such aticles a declaration ao to wheluther they were of Coloniial or Chinese make. Thei Coulicil howeve, icro were msuoth more liberal minded than their colleagues of thi Assembly, and considered that after a ciao had paid a tax to come into the clolloy with aorutai priviloeges it would be utafair not to give hiin thloso privileges. The early closin:g clause safely passed its second ordeal, after some debate, and 'mct without opposition. 