THE V.R.C. AUTUMN MEETWNOi, [BY EL[sCLnC TEL~eAP.] (?oY Out ow osO DE.POoOEOW4 MelboUrne, Sunday. March 1. SThe V.R.C. autumn meeting commekeedj'ester idy. dn the 'Flemingtonh 'ncorne. hafg lirn fell lloino the might andi~p till.ll.nr toe.1 wfell maternily interfered with the attend 9''Thi," h6wewver, cleared in the afternoon, but th cotue wea in consequene very heavy. His Excellency the ornor and uite; ,a o t.? prB ue ihbrty he. ,pro the,firat ~ ape. Th foliowing are the ralt :t - , Eaenddaon Shkes.--Commotion (Pownef, I'tala' %1iy~hocr).; 2; ctaIw )3i~I _~Y~~'ni'b . "'S 'tthy astartser .wqre ~mauaible, Off Cdlodr, and M.6al. ' The he#ng w 5,w n 4 against Counmotion,'4'tb lojaiistt Atalna.,andS 3 .toala 9 le? , rk A good hatft' .t.ee ed?d. O?',16'r' hr whoqiquea?t away, bhen don'gave' plae' to Metal, who cut out the running at good:poaeelor half-aomilb'when he'gait placeto Plaaible.. Commrotion led into the Ateight, and; despite the determined efforts of Malha,, who came tliroogh very fast, the favourite won easily hy three lengths, OffOolour a good third, Timeri2min. I7flee. Anoscot Vale 'Stokh.--Uralla (Ellis), 1?; Monte Christo (Halos),.2; Dunlop (Moore), S.. The other starters were Antonio, Buttress, and Lady Clandia. The'betting weas 6 to 4 against 'Monte Christoe, and 3 toel against Uralla.. Antonio made the post run ning, but gave way to Monte Chriato, who looked al over.a winner at the distance. . Urall calme veryfast in the last few strides, e.and beat thle favburite, Dunlop being a bad third. Time, 2ain. lIsec. The crowd .expressed disapproval lat Ithe way in which Hales rode the favourite. .,' St. Leger; one mile ihed tbree-quarto?-;FkSilver King, (Moore), 1; Divid, (Power), fl Mozart, (Brathwaite), S. Tremando was the only other starter.!' Mozart jumped to the front, but gave way toe.gayid and Silver King before they reached the stanod. The latter pair led past the stand, and when 'nouoding the river trn David held a lebgth's advant age over the favourite, Tremahido last. The same order was maintained u?itilithe trainers' sheds 'were reached, where Monartand Tremando, who'had been runoning in the rear, closed up at the lialf-mile post. Silver Kingand.David were together once in the straighlt. The favourite went away from the horses, and won comfortably by a length from David, who was a neck away from Modzart, and a length fpinl Tremando. Time, Samin. 32Masee. The betting *au 6 to.4 on Silver King, and 3 to 1 against David and Mozart. Newmarket Handicap; thrce- quartereof a mile.-a Coronet, 7st. (Cracknell), 1; Middlcmareh, 8st. 41b. (Floanughan), 2; Sheet Anchlor, 7t. 711. (William son), 3. The other etartes 'were Welcoome Jack, Garfield, Bnttailous.' Sir Garnet, Blink Bonnie, Prometheus, Coningeby. Duenna, Topaz, oheGhost, Mistake, Amnelia, Victoria, Salvo, St. Jqln, Alpha bot, Velocipede, Mascotte. Town Moor, Lavington, Xantippe, Bohemian, Hannilal, Surrey, Westbury, Marie Louise, Leporcllb, and Claudine. The betting Was 5 to 1 v. Coronet; 8 to I v. Sir Garnet and Promethenes, 12 to 1 v. Battailous, 17 to 1 v. Sheet Anchor, 20 tel against Middlemarch and Leporello, and 25 to lgaiuost Salvo. Considerable delay oc curred at the pest, owing to the late arrival of Coronet and Coningshy, and frequenot breaksoawoy by Slaecotte and Sir Garnet. Tihe flag fell to agood start for all, with the exceptionof Velocipede, who was left at the post. The firstto show out from the ranks were Gar ield, Duenna, Sir Ganet, Battailouns, Sheet Anchor, and Middlemarch. Crossing the tan, ILaecotte, Westbury, Sir Garnet., The Ghost, Sheet Anchor, and Coronet were on the rails. Town Moor was most conspicuous. Opposite the ferriage paddock Sir Garnet swerved and Coronet changed his Position, while Hannibal lboked dangerous in side. At the distance, Coronet slightly headed his field, and at half the distance Middlemarch and Sheet Anchor, on the inside, challenged the leader, but it was of no avail, and thefavouritewon com fortably by threequarters of a length from Middle march, the same dietanqt from Sheet Anchor, and a length from The Ghost, 'who was fourth. Leporello and Sir Garnelt were together, then came Salvo, Town Moor, and Topaz. The last three were Alphabet, Mistake, and Volocipede. The time was hnin. 19kose. Iopful Stahkes.-Juanna (Hutchine), 1; Girofla (Devaney), 2; Sunny Days (O'BrIon), 3. The other starters were Abner, Matchlock, Rtecmus, Fernside, Manchester, Antonio, Wildrake, Warina, Mountain Lass. Meerschaum, and Brella. At fifty yards from home Giroflalooked all over the winner, but Juanna then camle along, and won easily by a length. Time, !min. 4eaec. Brunswick Stakes.eGrace Daklin (Ellis) 1 ; Mad cap (O'Brien). 2 :Distiller (Johnson), 5. The other starters were Sardiuan, Odd Trick, Little Sister, I Anglehecy .'Sirocco, Duration, Stationer, Happy Thought, M~otmore, and Warfield. Won by ah feng?e and a half, Madcap beingeeceod, two lengths in front of Distildhr. Time, 2mtn. lt!aec. 