ffloveltet jtfj:-" ? ' " . f$$a fRINORA. Si. A PACIFIC IDYLL. §? —.— , . mi: K' CHAPTER XXXI. j§r; DONALD CAMERON. " Alter" " The Mystericn vf ||r?i: Melbourne,' ,fe., ?Jr. pgid Bimply strolled away from tli3 pjUbout any partioular object, except mil weariness. He was becoming ex fifisiired of everything and everybody. tWis had clayed him. Ho was one :gsmo was human, and horo tho quarry jfe- Jtmitnd. So far ho had paid little iWi to tbo natives, though no doubt ha : #ka have to tako up with them. Hβ jkttw could have amused himself for a ijjjblo period with Orinora, whoee freeh, ttaature charmed him, but he had for {fee acknowledged there was no hope steaertM. John Morden was not a mun mti with; neither was Herbert, when ? igsvffSB rouecd. Ho had for aomo tinio & 'eomothing would como out of i?'| meditated treachery, but when lie s$ fiarcfully over it, ho saw tho pros> aiftchttDge were romote. Nothing wna is Km, therefore, but to mako the best am&tance.; Perhaps after all a chnneo ig? would arise, and ho would be re)- ptht world ho loved so well. Ho eer ylflied he was eafo back in Melbourue, fe $rango tremors of the island began tun disquiet. Thoao islands had been )Jssa volcano: might they not bo sud laahojed by the same dread agency ? Ujdag in this desultory manner, Harry ithjough the marvels of tho vegetation. M&ror; Guilfoylo would have gone 'wsithe wonders of thoveuetable worM, js3rry they wore dumb. He had wnlkt-d 'Kffio time, when his attention was at 'iif ft fignre half concealed in a bush S-|tppearcd to bo looking intently at &&£. ilarry reeognieod tho figure rts %$i and wondered what ho was watch- H*]Hoon concluded, however, that tha objoota of his attention. When r&Wgtat; eight of Paranoa's faco ho ww Settee , , so full of fiendish passions it iHeli was engraved on that dark, hand- JsW. Khrry could not help shuddering. KlyParanoa bounded away as if etruck stilling, and rushed paat Harry. Iμ tyihe moment's ouriosity, Harry fol ate Paranoa. But Harry was not a prater, while Paranoa was, the result fial before long Harry had to atop and ?{6m himself lost. ffwicturn to tho party ho could not Mkought it would bo best to seekeomo Baa which he could viow tho lake, when >J&h; aklo to Btriko for tho shore. But Snu> easier to determine upon than to li' The under-growth was very strong, lh? palms throw a shade almost like ut* At this time, too, the streamers that 858 thrown serosa the sky from the u'enihe horizon had become more than rSai 80 darkened tho eun that it only A?i?Uy light. tty toss brave, and did not loso his gi. Ho know onco tho alarm spread that ?5m4 tho natives would soon find him. ia {be meantime the consequonces would tf unpleasant. A terribla tropioal storm snaaitly coming on, and to bo alona teerago of the elements would boa fear rtiaJheconld, Harry could not get on figp from which he could boo the lake ; uwhadho would havo been lost tho Sat ho again pushed into tho forest, soaarknesa beoamo so groat that he ottffly ?o anything. With no defined i* poehed on, listening for any Bound *anW guide him. Occasionally tho *oaW quake, and a faint rumble would >* Harry's cheek would blanch, wliWful tuought that he might bo over -8? Md swallowed up would for tho mo amaan him. Not that fear of the future rWHgious idea affeotod him. Ho only Silie IoBS of this life, the enly thing of im thing that gave him all tho pleasure ftw.gr cared for. wK6g he wandered in tho mazes of this m forest he did not know. Tho dark rcwsnd grew until it beoamo inky. If Wdi about it was only with that animal ??scat makes tho wild beast paco its wsathe bars. Kepeatedly ho laid down Wtoo,but the darknes?, whioh, to use an ijpWajon, could bo felt, beoamo so ter *P*sssive that he roee up and resumed Mufcringe. W, thoroughly exhausted, nnd becoming iwi the great etorm was about to i lie laid down under a thick shrub, lOWon the edgo of an open space. Nα- WBBQ exhausted, that, before ho knew, ?I?i aeleep. A disturbed Bleep it was, tho moat terrible figures. Now ought ho was on tho cliff, and that Para pSjPe natives, under tho direction of Moraen, were about to cast him over. Mwn, bo fell, to find himsolf in tho I Whirlpool. Then all became dark, and *m ended to be eucoeeded by a vision Molng and flame. Tho island was up i ?jiho midst of this terrible pyroteoh '{sWi end then sank under the wators, m became dark. Suddenly he thought ??j6?of this foarful gloom thero began to fcligOt, lurid, red, and ndvanoing. L*iWgglo3, he woke, and beheld a Bcene rang?asany in hia dream. Only v few '"Otahim, under a mighty palm, stood lag oJ masked figures, arrayed in strange IWβ hoHing torohes of resinous wood, asu, ecro?s the open spaces, were ooming f Scares eimilarly attired, and with *& Tho hideous maeke made Harry At jtaoat think he was witness to an liaage of devils, but hia imaginative il??i? con duded this was a meeting of KOWllou? ielanders, in' the garb and a Morden had suppressed, held to hatch and to oelobrate the ritea of the Ircp' Hia con<,laei 9 t ? was eooa mmJe olear to be right, Jnr 3'aranoa, with a wild foco find streaming hnir, bounded across cho open Bpace ana niadc up to the group of flguree under the palm. What h<? commnni oated Harry could not oatoh, but it was evidently ssmothing of great moment, for (ivory person exeoutnd a leap of joy and waved the torches and shouted. To Harry is Heemed that DaiUo'b lwll, a3 illustrated by Dor 6, h<ul been let loonc, Harry had never Been on che stage, in painlinga, or iv real life, anything co weird and impressive In front of. the central group extended uirelo after circle ot wild, uncouth figure?, whoso horrible masks, painted in a stylo adapted to strike tenor, with fishea' teeth, and many of thorn with eolorcd Rlasa or jaapir for eyes, v;ere a psrfeot .?lightmtiro. A background of j-iipenotrable ? glpom Ret off the picture, and its lurid lights, .with a silhouette vivi'lily that would hava beon a revelation oven to Dorc. Soon, however, it became more than a pioture. At a eigiial the whole mass got into motion and repeated eeveral movements. As taach platoon cama up to tho group under the palm they bowed, altnoet to the earth, and tho silence was broken by a wild and. terrible, but musical shout of— Ai laianora, airah ora, 1 Ai lnianora oh ; j Mai kaialorn, nairah nora, i Kai kaialora i=ah— Mnrarnbola, Mnrambola, nab,,? Marambola, Marambola, raah ? ;Tho group inclined their heads but made no jreply. When this ceremony was finished tiie .aeacmblago became like st&tuos;, and the silence was unbroken, save by tho almost in audible hiua of tho torches, like so many serpents. A few niinutcs elapsed, then tho earth phopfc. A hollow rumble, like a groan fol lowed, and then n distant lightning illumin ated, for a second, tho ghastly aciinc, turning tho torches into spectral lighta. It waa auo oeeded by a darkness deeper than ever. Tho earthquake and lightning seemed the signal. There at onco burst from tho multi tude a weird march air. It was to a great extent a monotone. Tho first and third verses were Bung in a deep tone by tho baase.s; the second and fourth by the tenora, who mado the words ring with a mighty accent on the j third and seventh syllables: Boom, boom, boom, bara boom — Maramnra, Marami'ita Boom, boom, boom, bara boom' Kiratura, Karati'ira? Speak, speak, apeak, oh speak— Wβ hear theo, we hear theo j Speak, apeak, speak, oh speak— Karatara, Karatara I By nature Harry waa disposed to ridicule everything, tho theatro for him possessed little attraction, except tho actresses and dancoa : ho laughed at tho clumsy attempa nt illusion, tho stimulated emotions of the nctora. But before this real scene, so full of passion, so fraught with something terrible to come, Harry's ridicule vanished. Ho became aware there was nothing unreal in this and that be foro long ho would become an aotor in a very disagreeable drama : he would have to leavo bia plaoa in the auditorium and take his part on tho boards. A wave of tho hand on tho part oE tlio prin ciple figuro of the group beneatu tho palm, a tall and commanding man, ut onco bowed tho multitudo in attention. Henry Allan spoko : in English this time for tho younger portion of tho assemblage understood that tongue better, as tho old language of tho is land had been to a groat extent proscribed and only English waa taught in tho schools established by Mordcn. "Tho signal ha 3 eo:ne at last," said Henry Allan; "the harvest is ready. Paranoa, tho son of your lost Princess, has tbia day des troyed tho demon's witch implements nnd we cau now land upon his isle without fear. In tho boat bolow aro tho fire-weapons upon whioh ho rolied." A terriblo shout answered this announce ment; a shout so full of demoniac blood thirstiness that Harry's blood almost frozs. Ho now heard for tho first time tho terrible cry of tho human tiger, that cry that which which there is nothing so awful in tho world; that cry that was hoard day and night onco iv tho streets of Paris ; that cry that echoed in the Colosseum of Rome; that ory that was heard in Carthage: " Cyprian ad leonea 1" " Karatara has returned to his land this night," tmid tho high priest, inclining his head; " ho is in the thick darkness, the heavy clouds, the earthquake, tho lightning. Hiseyo will flash upon yon; his voice will sound terribly : but fear him not; he comes for our enemy. This night tha accursed white men will dio; this night ho will be sacrificed in tho mouth of holl—the outlet of tho lake And with his death will pass away all tho sorrows you have known. Tho eun will shiuo; tho earth will bear its fruits without labor; ovory man ehall hnvo his own ; overy man shall do as he will, Above us aro tho clouds, around us tho thick dark ness—those aro emblems o( the past: to morrow these will have paseed away and tho future in all its glory appear— So diorara, So tioaara, Caroon boon ara !" Bloodthirsty yells filled the air; tho torches were waved frantically, tho hideous figures leapad and dauced and shrieked like furies. Tho earth quaked, the lightnings flashed, tho thunder followed tho oarthquako: but all this only added to tho exoitoment find en thusiasm. Tho great God had returned; they caw hi 3 cyca, thoy heard his voice. For years no one remembered an earthquake. " Great Itfarambola," said ono of the chiefs advancing, " there is but ono thing wanting to make our viotory euro. Whoro ia that symbol of all power that our prio.tteas kept, tho Singoramba ? It was iv the ancient days shown at certain times, when peril threat ened or a great event was to occur. Has it perished with tho priestess?" I' It has vanished," auswerod tho high priest, and there was a groan from tho as semblage, " but fear not; onco this accursed orow aro saorifiped it will return; but not vntil then, for it ia too pure for thoir eyes. thoy aro plunged into the lake tho Singoramba tho symbol of tho groat god Azaroha will appear before your eyes." A delightod shout was given in auswer. Harry noticed that at this moment Paranoa took tho chief's hand and led him aside until thoy almoat touohod tho ebrub under which ho lay. Thoroughly aroused and terrified ho strove to hoar what thoy said .through tho terrible noised of tho peoplo and tho olernonta. " Why could you not have como at onco when I sent word I would destroy tho machinos and take away tho guns. If ho discovers the loaa he will resist, and he ia Btill powerful." Nothing could ba dono until now," was the roply. " Wβ havo to work with a super stitious people, and thoy hnvo to be taken in a certain way in order that wo may havo a hold on them hereafter. But you need not bo afraid. If you have dono as [ instructed, John Morden'a fatiga will be drawn ; ho will not bo able to move hand or foot. In the darkness and the etorrn wo will oonio upon him and then—" " Will you not cave one of them for mo," asked Paranoa, who.so face Harry now saw in the light, for ho had no mask on. It was ghastly, worn out with contending passions. " Surely you oan eavo Harry's life; you will lot mo havo a friend and companion." " I will save no ono," was tho_ Btern reply. "Aβ the sky ia above us thoy will die before the ann shines once more upon the lake, To eavo ono would bo to keap & serpent to sting iiH. And if this man is the child of hia father, ho is tho most dangerous devil of all. Don't ask mo this any more. , ' Pamnoa turned nway with a sigh. Hβ was not yet all devil. "And do wo ?;proceed at once?" he asked. " When the ceremonies are over," was the reply, " I havo Htudied evary effoot, nnd not ono must bo lost." " A torriblo etorm ii coming on." "AH the batter; I havo calculated on it." " We cannot row ncrosa the lake." " It will take some time to raieo the wavee. Before then wo will bo on the island. An attack and capture with earth and heaven in revolt is the 'olimax we require. Wβ will then seem working with Karatara. "There is no poraon at the boate, ehould tho waves begin to mo." " Thoy will not till we aro ready. I have studied tho etorms. Now lot us proceed to tho necessary ceromonies." Tho two returned to the people, and Harry saw the resumption of the mystio sites, and heard the wild maroh resumed. But he had no thought for tho dread spectacle now : his only study was to esoapo. Keeping well in the shade, ha fled for life down the hill in tho direction from which ho had seen tho savages come. He would never have found hia way to the shoro, but jast p.s ho had loft the opon, a blue spectral light illuminated earth and sky. For several minutes it irradiated the scene, if t?io word can bo used of so ghastly a light, al most deficient of the red and yellow rays. In this awful light Harry saw tho lake and its islets, dead bluo and intense black. Aβ the light appeared a terrible yell broke forth, a yell of defiance. " Ho lights himself to tha grave," Harry heard tho voico of the High Priest say. Then tho terrible war song bust forth. Tho electric light lasted sufficiently forHaray lo find and enter a boat. Then it changed color, and he made hie way to the the Happy Islo, guided by a great red light that turned tho lake into blood. CHAPTER XXXII. ,I'hq return from the cliff was another and wonderful experionce. Prior to this the cast aways had only beheld the lake and its ielcta illuminated by the bud, irradiated by the moon,' or retleciing the stellar host. Now they beheld the lake as they emerged from the shrubbery and woods, in the ghastly light of a day whoso sun was shrouded. There ie no light <<o weird, so suggestive as this. In it tho lake realized what they had read in Homer and Uhland of tho land of the dead. Tho charm was added to by tho ever shifting olmraeter of the scenery. As they came down from tho cliff, tho winding road gave them ever recurring glimpses of this dream lake, so liko tho scenery of another world. It was never tho same. And when they embarked and rowed between the islets and through the innumerable channels, now and and then coming into broad, still, gray pools, rofleoting tho foliage, tho effect was mystio and poetic beyond description. A strange inexplicable mystery seemed to brood over thie lake of dreiuns. Herbert could not help repeating to himself as they rowed away from the main land into the grey water, the wondroue lines of Uhland: Take, 0 boatman, thnco thy feo ; Take—l give it willingly; For, inviaiblo to thee, Spirits twain havo crossed with mc I There was a wonderful depression in tho air, a stillness that seemed to bods some ter rible disaster. Tho earthquakes had ceased, but tho aspect of tho eky wa3 angry and lowering. The great piles of clouds on the horizon, the streamers that had covered the sun as if with tho web 3 of spiders, had all be come amalgamated in one thick, grey canopy that never shifted or lifted, and seemed to weigh upon the earth like a firmament of bad. Living beings sympathised with nature. Tho isong of the rowore wag hushed, and even Orinora did not Bing or speak, while not a sound camo from tho feathered inhabitants of the island. Nature had for the time cast off hor dress of gold and purple and crimson and green, and donned the grey mantle of the ro oluse. It was lato in tho afternoon whoa tho epeo tral procession of boats landed on the Happy lale. John Morden at onca set about the pre parations for tho solemn events of the night. Orinora retired with her maidens, and went over all they had done. Tho blush of modesty crimsoned her face when they showed her tho bridal chamber, arranged with the singu lar taste that theao native girla had learnt from John Morden and Orinora. " Wo didn't enjoy ourselves at all at the dance," said Dorala. "Everyone seemed dark and gloomy; they gathered in groups and talked, and the most of them went away early. Tho poopie seem quito changed. And Ptiranoa never came." "He loft our party early enough," replied Orinora. " Why, where aro tho young whito men going ? " cried Aherno. Tho girk ran to the window. Herbert and Ehby were sculling away in the boat. Orinora said nothing for the moment. After what she had heard the previous night, thoro was no ono she dreaded more than Ebby. She looked on him ac the only person who had intluonca over Herbert, who sought to rob her of her lover. Evory movement of his was suspicious. She know he had for a long time been in charge of the isle which to devoted to tho usee of a workshop. What might ho not havo prepared there ? Her heart etood still. Sho Boon made up her mind. Dressing herself in a close black gown, and throwing a dark ehawl over her shoulders, she told tho girla to go on with their work, and in a few minutos she was rowing over the lake, keep ing in view the young men's boat, but unseen herself. Sho was porfeotly at homo on the water, and knew every inch of the lake, Her surmise was corroot. Ebby had taken Herbert away to make one last effort to per suade him to leavj the island. Not that he told him that w?g his object: he merely asked him to come and see tho workshop ielo. As they wert going alone they spoke Httlo ; eaoh was busj with hia own thought. " I know little about Nature or her opera tions," said Ebby, hiwever, as they neared tho island, " but my wading misleads mc if we aro not on the eve cf some frightful con vulsion. This strange ttillneas, the peculiar pungent smell of the air, the reaurring quakes of tho earth : they must bo premonitione of some violent outburst of tho forces of nature." " Whatever they may bs," said Herbert, " wo oau do nothing. Artnoah says euoh storms aro common in theto latitudes, but they do Httlo damage on this sheltered lako." " I'vo read a verso eomewhert," said Ebby, "which seems to desoribo my viow of this island, though it must bo pauphrased a Httlo: " Isleta and lakoa may flourish or may fade; A stroke can ruin them as a rtroke hae inado." Wo walk upon on earthquake. Th? ocean may gape at any moment and island ?nd all disappoar for over 1" " Well," said Herbert, quietly, " and.then there will be end." . ' \ Thoy had by this time arrived at the wo&. 'shop. It was a email isle, carefully planted round with thiok trees, so that its unsightly appurtonancca would not be Been. The young men scoured their boat and stepped aahore. A narrow passage through a numher of beautiful shrubs admitted them into the workshop. Herbert #3z.?d round him with astonishment. Forges, carpenters' shops, engine-houses, met hia view. John Morden had not forgotten the praotical even in this island ol dreams. Ebby paid little attention to any thing ; he walked straight to ths other side o< tho island, and hurriedly, for the heavy fall of clouds was telling, and the light was fading out fast. He led Herbert to a chip or dock. in which lay the lay. the largo boat or barque that John Morden had ordered to be built, so that the whole of the party might navigate the lake. She was a perfect little model, with sails and everything complete. Herbert at once noticed something singular about the vessel. A strong cable was scoured to a huge rtogbolt in the centre of her deck. This cable ran over into a ahed, where a large majority of what seemed native olotb, was lying. " What do you think of this boat, Herbert ? " asked Ebby, betraying in hie tones a sup pressed excitement ; his eyes glistoning etraagoly. "She in a beautiful little model," replied Herbort; "we will have many a pleasant eail in her." " I hope so, I hope," said Ebby, with a strange impressiveneea in hia voice, an eager tone. "Do you think she would navigate the Paoifio?" " If ehe were on it," replied Herbert, some thing ironically. " She would certainly stand a etorm. She appears made to tide well. Taking Herbert's hand Ebby led him round to the stern of tho vessel. It was growing very dark, but Herbert started as ho saw in bold white letters the name: "ESCAPE." The next moment ho felt annoyed." " Why are you always thrusting these ideas before mc, Ebby," he said rather petulantly : " why raise up ghoste that are not wanted on this island." '" But they are wanted," said Ebby, firmly, resolutely, " and they will rise whether you oall or not. I have brought you here, Herbert, for the last time to offer you esaapo from the terrible fate that awaits ua on this island. I have come to show you it ia no dream, but a great, glorious reality. All this I have known for some time, but I would not speak until certain. I ohoso to let you know gradually. Bear with mo while I explain. If you per severe with your refusal I will give in." "I do not wish to pain you, Ebby," said Herbert, who spoke, however, with constraint, and whoso eyes were;fixed on tho name of tho uesael, "but really you are labouring for no thing. I have passed my word to a man and woman whojdepend on it: I willj notj.break my word." "Bβ that as it may," said Ebby, " let mc explain what I have done, what I propose to do." CHAPTER XXXIII. " From the very first," said Ebby, " I never despaired of getting away. I set myself at once to find out what means could be need. After a thorough examination I concluded if CBoapo there was to be, * balloon must be used. To make one, though I know how if I had the materials, seemed at first impossible. However, as I looked more carefully into the matter a prospect of escape opened out. There was no silk on the island but the fine oloth woven by the natives out of the bark of treo? would to a certain extent answer the purpose. I found after a long search that I could get the materials for the manufacture of the hydrogen. That was my lesser diffi culty, and I soon overcame it.- But the making of the envelope waa the real difli eulfcy. By using the linen cloth and adding many flies together I could undoubtedly make an envolope impervious enough to hold the gas—for a time. By using a glaze I'could ensure the keeping of the gas in for a longer period. But experiment as I would I saw already that I could not make a balloon that would carry us any distance. I was in des pair. Wo would only escape from the island to drop into the sea and perish. At last a ray of light shot across my brain; I seized the great idea—the work was done. It was suggested when Aranoah ordered the building of his boat. I at pnea relinquished the idoa of navigating the air to the American mainland. I saw at a glance that I could make a balloon whioh would lift the boat into the air and over the cliff all that would bo re quired would be to drop the boat on the sea and let the balloon go. I set to work, I kept at it day and night, and I soon satisfied my eelf that I had solved the problem. The boat ia finished and furnished with provisions and everything: the balloon is ready, a few hours will fill it with gas, and then we oan rise from thia island and in an hour the boat will flkim the Pacific" Ebby had worked himself up into a great state of excitement, his frame trembled, his eyes flashed. It was very unusual to see him in this state. Not giving Herbert time to reply ho pulled him over to the shed. " See, there she lies," he eaid, " well sewn together and (jlazed. I take her out of this, I begin the manufacture of thegas.llay it on, tho balloon fills, it rises, a sphere in the air, the boat movee upward, I cut tho rope, we shoot into the blue heavens, the wind beara us over the oliff, I let out more of the gas, we descend and the vessel rides upon the ocean, we set the sails and away, away we speed to our land, to fortune, to fame, to Alice. Free, free, for ever free!" The young man was so exhausted that ho sank back on ft bench. Herbert was little less excited. He endeavored to keep down hie feelings, but he could not. It had now grown quito dark, ana the young men could not no tico a white face that peered out at them from a dark shrubbery close at hand; they could not hear the beating of a poor little heart to whom every word Ebby uttered, though only half understood, was a dagger. " I tell you, Herbert," said Ebby, when he had recovered; everything ia calculated to a certainty. I have placed it beyond mistake. I have experimented and experimented. At first I thought to make a confident of Ara noah, but einoo I saw how. things were going with Orinora I kept the seoret to myself. I know what you feel—l oan understand what lovo is— but? there need be no scene. We can wander away to- morrow, taking Harry with us, fill the balloon, and vanish as we oamo. That poor girl still believes us gods ; she will think we have gone to the star she sings of, and in her adoration she will forget her love. Don't answer no, Herbert, as you have loved mo, as I surrendered to you the girl I loved, Rβ you hopo to become great indfamous and nn PP7i do not answer no. Mako an effort, tear yourself away. Oh Herbert, Herbert, do not answer no 1" " It ia too late," said Herbert in a low voice, which showod how deeply he was affected: " I am to bo married to Orinora this night." " You can put It off," cried Ebby pas sionately ; pretend illness or anything. Do not saotilice yourself, Herbert, with esoape within your grasp. Herbert, think, think of the other world, of you duty to Alice, to your frionde, to the world." The little heart was almost still now, tho faco frozen with terror. Upon his word her life, her reason depended. Herbert staggered away and clasped his hands in agony. How she longed to throw herself at his feet and implore him to refuse the tempter. But Bhe moved not; half dazed as she waa ahe.resolved not by word or sign to inflaenoo hie ohoioe. If he did uot love her more than that other, titan his friend, than the world, then lot her die—it was best., It waevery dark noT; the wind was sob bing faintly in the trees, tho dull wash of tho waves sounded like a dirge. Yet dark as it was the great white words " ESCAPE " loomed out and seemed to fill Herbert's ejes. He shut them; in vain tha word 3 were in his brain. It was an awful moment. To whom would he be true. To gentle Alice far away, or to tender Orinora so near, It was a cruel 'rial, ono few men have had to suffer. " Lot us go now," cried Ebby, who seemed to liavo lost his reason in his excitement. "I will get roady. I will set to work. Before two hours all will be ready—they will not miss U3. Let U3 go." - " I tell you, Ebby," said Herbert, " it ia of no use. I havj promised, I will perform." " Herbert, Herbert," sobbed Ebby hysteri cally, "do not say that; in tho name of God do not say that. Do not kill mc." " I do not wish to kill you," Herbert man aged to say, " but I mean to keep my pro mise. This island will be nay home, Orinora will bo my wife.". The tension relaxed, tho hands let go the shrub; Orioora fall forward in a faint of joy. Sha had won the day. " Herbert," eaiil Ebby jn a wild tone, " are you mad ? Surely you are mad." " No, Ebby, I am not," replied Herbert, sadly, " but I am tho victim of the moat ex traordinary circumstances a man ever suf fered. Do you know who Aranoah and Ori nora ate ? " " Not for certain," replied Ebby, who had sat down oh hie balloon in a helpless heap. The pale faco, not so pale now—waa again peering through the shrubbery. " Aranoah is the very John Mordep for whom wa oame out to search, and Orinora is Alice's half sister." " So I often thought," replied Ebby, in a tone as if it was of no interest to him. "I have promised to marry Orinora to make up to Morden the wrongs he suffered from my father. Alice will have the pro perty, and bo the expiation will Lβ com plete." " Oh, Herbert," said Ebby, mournfully, " this is the very madnes3 of intoxication. Surely you will not sacrifice yourself for an idea. What is this girl to her sister ? " " I love Orinora," replied Herbert, " I love her tenderly. Not perhaps as I loved Alice, but I would not see her suffer the slightest pain. And if I were to forsake her she would die. Do not urge any more, Ebby. You have torn my heart, but I am determined to keep my world. But I not wish to imprison you, though to part with you, dear faithful friend, will be a second death. Let yourself and Harry use the balloon, and go back to the world." " To tell Alice you have deserted her, to wit ness her agonies? " cried Ebby. " Perhaps," said Herbert, slowly and pain fully, " Bbc may reward your true and oon stant love when she learns I have deserted bet." " Do not speak of such things," cried Ebby, " I would not dream of them. If I was the only man left in the world Alice would not give mc her heart, and without the heart I would not ask the person. Besides, I would not leave you, not for a thousand worlds. Where you are I will bo; yourland, yonr God's mine." " Why should you remain here a prisoner for life," said Herbert. " because I have de cided upon a Quixotic but honorable course. Take your liberty, Ebby; givo Harry back to the world he loves.." " The world will do very well without him," said Ebby, who seemed now to have re covered himself, and to have accepted the in evitable. " I will say no more Herbert. Let us to the boat and go home." And they were soon loss in the gathering gloom that was closing in upon tha island that fatal night. . ' ?.. .?.?.-?".?. ?.?????:.?: :z ?????'. : -?:?' ..:':.;.' CHAPTER XXXIV. ; Herbert and Ebby arrived at the Happy 1 Isle in time (or the evening meal. Their ab sence had not been noted, bo busy was John Morden with hie preparations, until the time came to call thorn. John had been arranging the programme of the night, which he meiQi to make one memorable on the island. Ha bad two elcctrio batteries, one of which he used for the electric light, tho other for the terrible currant that protcoted the Happy Isle. Orinora did not join the party J Dorala ex plained that ehe wished to remain in her room. Very little was said by anyone. John Morden alone appeared to have any spirits, and even he occasionally relapsed into gloomy silence, when the past, called forth by the oc casion, thronged his mind. Herbert was torn with a host of contending emotions, and was engaged in keeping down the rebellious thoughts that surged through his brain. Ebby had given way to a dull despair. He felt he had played his last card, and that there was nothing to do but to eurrendor. It was bitter, terribly bitter, but his brave good heart re aolved to stand by his friend, and to do all he could to make the lot he had ohosen under air oumstance3 so unparalleled, as happy as was possible: and the chanca of happiness in the end was not not, Ebby thought, very great. John Morden departed to put the finishing touohes to his preparations, and left tho two young men alone. John was aware of the terrible night that was probable, but he had resources enough to meet it. A bridal in thunder and lightning and storm and earth quako had no terrors for one who had seen enough of them, and he was not without tho satisfaction of thinkiug that if nature did manifest all her terrors they would only add to the deep awe the natives already felt. had prepared eoenes and effects that would never leave their superstitious minde. Herbert and Ebby had not sat together long before Aherno entered, and going over to Her bert, whispered to him. " My lady would see you," Baid the girl. " Sho appears very ill, and oannot rest till she speaks to you." Herbert, alarmed at tho words, rose and followed the girl who led him to Orinora's boudoir or private sitting room, a beautiful apartment which Herbert had seen repeatedly when in her childish innocence Orinora had treated him as her brother and companion, before the deeper passion had made her coy and maidenly. Here he found the lovely girl lying on a couch, her golden hair in disorder,, her face paler, her eyes wet with tears. Aβ he entered sho turned upon him a look that went to hie heart; a look full of love, despair, and shame, yet, evidencing a firm resolution. She rose and fell into his arms, sobbing such sobs as unmanned Herbert. " My own darling," he oriod, leading her to the couch, " what is the matter ? What has turned you from the happiest to the most wretched of women." " I have heard," she managed to articu late. " Heard—what," queried Herbert puzzled. " I have done what waa wrong, base, un womanly," ahe said slowly, mustering up all the reservos of her strength. " But it was my love made mc. I was bo jealous of you, ho afraid to lose you for over. Herbert, I over heard your conversations with Ebby. last night without iutending, this evening pur posely." " My poor girl," said Herbert compas- Bionatoly; "for your sake I wish you had not." " It was better," ahe replied. " I have been a child, I am now a woman, and I have'to do a woman'e duty. Until recently I lived in a land of dreams, in the regions of night. Now I have woke; tho-sun has risen and I sea the world, not as it is seen in moonlight and star light and twilight, but as it is when tha eun beats upon it and everything is revealed. Last night I was but halt awake. I hoard Ebby tempt you to fly; I dreaded his success, and [ told my sorrows to my father, at least partially, and the result was what happened to-day. This evening I hoard all, and become awake and living. I. now know the world whence you came is like this world, peoplud wi,th men and women, who have greater aims an<? wider scope. I listened, and you cannot tell what was my suspense when I heard Ebby so eloquently, so unanswerably pleading to you to escape, to return to the great world that waits for you. But what was my joy when you resolved to stand by your promise at the loss of all that life holds for you, my darling, my noble Herbert. Oh, that I had heard no more. I did hear. I heard that my father was the unhappy man of whoso history I had heard snatches ; that the woman you loved in the other world waa my own sister, my darling sister Alice, of whoso existence I knew nothing. I have a sister, a good kind sister, who seems to have been a queen among women. And I would rob her of the man ehe loves, I would condemn her to a life of unhappine?S; I would, selfish crea ture I am, to gtatify myself, keep you from yonr first, yonr true, love, rriy own flesh and Wood; I would tie you down to an ignoble lffe merely for my selfish aims. No, Herbert, you do not understand mc if you think I would do that. You would sacrifice all for mc. I will not accept the sacrifice. , I will oiler myself in saorifiao instead. Listen to Ebby; fly from this island, put off this mar riage to- night—l will put it off myeelf—go forth to the great world that waits you, bu come a king among men. Do not fear for mc. Duty calls, and I will obey. Here I will live and die a maiden, praying night and day to the great star which I worship, to the God I heard you speak of, for your happiness. And when we leave this world we will meet, as my father teaches, high and purified spirits, meet and dwell together for ever." She had risen as she spoke and stood there the personification of beauty and self-devo tion, her cheeks tinged with the crimson of enthusiasm, her golden hair floating around her head like an aureole of glory, her eyea beaming with a pure and high resolve; her stature apparently twice what it really was. Aβ Herbert looked upon her he thought surely never man had beheld the embodiment of an angel before. Could ha aocept this awful sacrifice ? Could he doom this wonderful creation of fairylaud to what was inevitable, early decay and death ? Was it not hi 3 duty to take her to his heart ? It was a terrible thought to lose Alice, to be, unfaithful to that grand and glorious woman, but did not doty tell him his place was by the side of this, the loveliest, the tenderest of the blossoms! Alice was a woman of another mould, with a strong mind and frame, who would auatain the loss of her dreams of happi ness, and who would find in a hundred charitable occupations balm for the wound. But if he left this flower it would droop and die, and the aged tree that had sheltered would fall in sorrow to the grave. " No, Orinora," said Herbert, firmly, start ing up and clasping the radiant vision of beauty to his heart; " I will not accept the sacrifice. If Alice were here, if she knew all, she would Bay, noble and highspirited as she is, 'Take my sister; she is the weakest; I can make out a life for myeelf, full of good ness and happiness,' Already she has heard of my loss; already the bitterness of death is past, and she has buried her feelings in what she thinks my grave and taken up her cross courageously. Shall I divert her from the path she has chosen ; shall I come up from the grave and disturb her peace? No, Orinora, offer no sacrifice; it will not bo accepted. The struggle in my heart has been terrible; it has almost torn my soul asunder; but it is all over now. I have made up my mind and not even you, sweet one, will turn mc aside from my purpose. Here I remain to be yours through life and yours through death." Tho girl'a brain reeled, her heart stopped ; she fainted away in his arms and became a pale cold statue. He thought her dead ;hg chafed her hands and brow and called her tha fondest names. Slowly she revived; her violet eyee opened and beamed upon him with a look so ravishing that never had ha felt their power so marvellously. She slipped from his grasp on to her knees and clasped her hands, looking up to where her star should have been. "Great Power," said Orinora; "grant mo to be worthy of this great love, this saorifice. Make my sister's heart happy ; take from hei fate the cloud that now rests upon it. Great Power! Great Star! let my life repay the gif t3 inestimable thou hast beetowed I " CHAPTER XXXV.' The brooding calm of nature continued long into the night. The ceremony of too marriage was to take place in the apartmeut of the tower that Morden had erected, so as to command a view of the wholo lake. From the top of this the eleotrio light was exhibited on the rate occasions Mordea chose to show his powers. He had ordered the islanders to attend and to add to the solem nity. A ohosen party of ten natives marshalled John Morden and Herbert and Ebby to tho scene, bearing in their hand lamps enolosed within purple glass. John Morden left his guests in the room to bo devoted to tho cere mony and wont out to turn on the marvellous light. By means of glass shades it was mado to appear of soveral hues. First of all it shone on the lake with all its cold blue radi ance, creating a scene such as we imagine to be ever existent in tho land of Diablerie. In that ghastly light everything bore so dread ful an appearance that Herbert and Ebby turned with dread from the scene. Through this light they saw a red gleam on the moun tain. The light was changed; tho lake be came ono mass of blood-red color. They now saw that a number of boats were rowing to warda tho isle; the pullers looking like panto mime demons, the Uaab.es of their oars like gouts of blood. In a moment a rioh beautiful magonta light transformed the lake into fairyland. This only lasted a few moments; then came thiok and uttor darkness. In the magenta light the watchers saw a fleet of vessels put off from the shoro beneath where they had noticed the red light. But other events soon took their attention. Orinora, attended by her two maidens, entered tho room. She was attired in spotless white, and was veiled; a beautiful, an en trancing saoritice to love. A wreath of orango blossoms just plucked from tho tree by Aherna and Dorala adorned her brow. Her bert stepped forward, and in ono fervent em brace expressed his affeotion. " I wonder," said Morden, who now ap peared, "what has becoruo of Harry and I'uranoa? Surely they aronot lost." " They are probably—tho hosts," replied Dorala. John Morden appeared in a fantastic but impressive attire. He had learned to become theatrio by his position, for ha had found symbols all powerful with hie people, lie wore a robe of tho richest purplo, faced with silver and seared at tho throat by a magni ficent diamond, once the property of the hap less young Blake. On his head was a tisra [ of gold, studded with rubies and diamonds, the symbol of his authority, which the visi tors had never Been him wear before. Hie whito hair and vonerablo beard gave him a ? ~ - r most dignified and imposing appearanoo. : In ' liia iiaud he carried a rod of ebony and gold. , The upper end of the room was arrayed in ( the form of a sacristy. On the tablo or was a marriage contract engrossed on vellum, upon which rested a small column of ebony surmounted by a star ol koM, the points QashiDg with diamonds. Herbert were not prepared for such c splendid scsno. Bat a grcrter surprise was still in storo. Touching a knob John Morden once .more. , ', flashed forth the eleoric light; this time of tho richest rose. It was buf for nn instant; then succeeded the moat intense gloom. Aa if in response the earth shook, a flashy of lightning flew through the heavens, and the roll of tho thunder and the rutriblc of tho' earthquake were mingled together. As ii by magic—everything Beamed magical in this, wonderful land—the lake was lit up by hun-' dreda of torches, and the boats began a pro cession Buch as the strangers had seen on their first night on the island. Six trumpets sounded one after the other a summons from every side of tho island, and. tho response was a magnificent burst of harmony from brass and wood instruments. In the islanders John had found apt pupil j. The offset, on a lake with echoing island, was boyond scription, beyond power ol pan to tell. The' strangers looked and hHynr J aa if they wished it would last for ev<?i\ The instruments ceased at last and the groat chorus was heard, omtug from each side of the lake, but bo well together were the i voices that they appeared as one: Gliding o'er our lake thus day ?y day How serenely passes time nvrny, While its wiirelets wrcathf <l \\. ith smiles Gently Iwfhes its fifty fuiiy islo3. And at night our torches cast their gleams, J *" Lighting up this ivondroua woild of dreams. >"' ,* Tra In ha, la ha lα, . i/ Tra Iα Iα hi In I .\ Fur away chines nightly Achcrnar, ' V" Hut our lako reflects our glorious star, , ,''; a -,V So our eonls' reilectiima of tho light --r* Stay but hero a troubled night; I When tho morning breaks thoy pass away , To tho star where shines eternal day I Tra Iα ha, la ha lα, ' Tra la la la la ! ' - \ This chorus was Euoceeded by a bridal catoh in the native language, tho harden being taken by the female voices, the reply being' - given by the male 3. It had a peeuilar and"*' weird effect, the melody seeming to coma - from all parts at once, echoing and ? re> ' echoing: - '?* ?So-yon oira 7> * So yon aira \ - Hah I ha! . . " Come, my children," enid John Morden, when the echpea of the music had died away, " and let mc join you together, never in this world to be parted save by death." ? ? Herbart took Orinora's hand and advanoed with her to the altar, presided over by the ; venerable and imposing presence. Ebby walked at his side, and Dorak and Aherno supported their lady's train. Tno manly grace of Herbert, the dreamlike beauty of Orinora made a picture when they stood in front of the altar that threw John Morden into an ecstasy. "From two such," he exclaimei, " what a noble and beautiful race might spring. I thank the Great Power for this night. Orinora wore rare and lovely jewels, and_ they made her look a queen. John's eyes" wandered over her lovely form with the pride of a father. Suddenly ho noticed a rosy sparkle, almost concealed by the dress on her bosom. - i "What jewel is that, Orinora ?" he aeked; "It is. a native jewel I found in my drawers," said Orinora, with a blush that made her face rosier than the jewel's flash; " a gift from Paranoa in other days. It waa ' worn by the last princess of the island; ,, " The Singoramba," replied Morden with a pleased amile. "Itis a good omen. -But such a princess never wore that mystic gift on this island as now." ' "Nor on any other," said Herbert. He was about to take their hands whoa a r wild and barbaric ehout pealed into the air. John Morden staggered back like a man who had received a mortal blow. His face be- - oame ghastly. Clear and wild the tones rang on their ears, question and answer, too iwell understood by John Morden. j s Qcbstiox —Ai laianora, airaU ora, > ,7 Ai laianora ah; ?" Nai knialora, naha nora , i Kai kinalora sab.— ' ' ' * Marambola, Marambola nab. J ' \ v > Marambola, Marambola mah !,' * Answer—So diorarn, ' " So triosara, ~ '?" Carooin boon ara ' > Laico 07.00 ml '> "My God, what does this mean ? " oriod John Morden; " I have not heard that terrible song since the night when Henry Allan and Marambola attacked the isle. Am I dream ing? Do I hear rightly? What can*it mean?" > " Death and destruction," said an agitated voice, and dripping with water, his olothes torn and bis whole aspeot that of terror, Harry Forbes ru3hed into tho room. "Death and destruction," cried John Morden; " what do you mean ? No one can up jiroaoh this isle." Ho turned quickly and pressed a knob on the wall, different from thut ho used to tarn on the electric light. "There," he said, triumphantly, "if-.'the natives have rebelled I defy them. A circuit of death encloses this island; a circuit that none can pass." " You trust in what is of no avail," replied Harry. " Paramoa was here to-day and de stroyed the machinery and took away the firearms. Wβ are drownod. Tho ; island is I surrounded by savages who have sworn to \ kill every white parson oxoopt Orinora." Orinora fainted in Herbert's arras. Dorala and Aherno beat their breasts and tore their hair after tho manner of their excitable race. " We are to blame; we aro to blame," they cried, tho tears raining down theirfaoea. ???Wβ left the isle and he came and did this." John Morden said nothing. Hβ at once sprang out of the room. Harry who was wild with terror clasped Ebby in hia arms. "We aro lost, Ebby," he said. " I over heard the whole plot and I made allha?to to reaoh the isle to give warning so that wo could fly to the mountains. But I djtf not know my course; I blundered here and there and at last capsized the boat. I saved my life by swimming, and as Providenoe would have it lighted on the right island." Ebby did not reply. Instead of feoling terror at tho news he was exalted. He could now get the ptirty to fly to his balloon and it would save them. How to baffle the eavagea in the darkness of tho night now bocamo his ' study. At this moment John Morden entered. He appeared in a few minutes to have wilted and became an aged and helpless man. i " Oh, my God," he cried sinking on to & couoh, " how I have been deoeived. Maram bola did not die; he has lived these years for revenge, and it is at last in bie hand. Ayhat treachery, what ingratitude after all I did for theso wretahes in human fofrn. The circuit is destroyed, tho firearms gons—-there is no 'help for us. The meet horrible of deaths will bo ours, tho most terrible of fates Orinora's. Oh, my daughter, my ohfia, I wish you had died in your infancy; it would have spared what must follow." Ho wont , over to her and kiseed the lovely girl frantfo- , ally. ?Shall he havo her, Shall ho havo lior — Yos 1 yes I For ho lovo? Uer, ' ' , v For ho loves hor— " ''; . . .??.-, XoM yea( ' " ' 