THE FUTURE OUTLOOK. TO THE EDITOR. —Yours, &c.;, ANGLO. SIR,-There is a sore sickness upon the nations of Europe, a sickness nigh unto death. The quacks are all in the field with infallible nostrums; they have liquor to restore youth and freshness to withering people 1 and"' piUs for an earthquake.- Faurierism, commun ism, Nihilism', •' positivism, are all callirigon us to- eat-of their bread and drink of'the wine which they have mingled.-' : But there is -nothing hew under-- the snn. Their sys tems'have'all been tried, and have- miserably, failed, and yet-they are pretentious, and as clamorous -as ever. .-Many of your readers will remembers the illustrious-;Dr Sangrado hr Gil Bias. - His medical system only com prised two elements—-bleeding and hot water. His.patients all died—but he never would confess that there was anything wrong in his method—either' his- patients had not -been bled sufficiently, "or they had not drunk a sufficient quantity of. hot water. Where there are- 10 or 12 millions of armed men in Europe all hungering, and thirsting for adventure and plunder and promotion, it is i not possible to preserve the peace, of; the world very long. In the soil- and in 'the atmosphere the materials of- revolution and conflagration are accumulating. -. But the I great military powers are frightened of each-1 other, not: knowing what the- end will be.- I Hence we can- hardly see yet which of -them ] will bring the match to the powder- maga- I zirie or unleash the - dogs, of- war.w In'-the i moral world it looks as if the iron had been i stricken- to the heart of': superstition. - The priest appears- occasionally,; but 'he is - only like a; ghost-in day light—a-thing neither feared-; nor - regarded;-' But- will- the tni-- believing -scientist' or the. -atheistic philosopher ‘improve- the situation ? More than"!;doubtful;'- Such .- men ’ ure trying to -raze: the deep- foundations-of the moral world—that men-may.-.look-upward into-- a vacant;heaven, and downwards into a gulf of bottomless :aud final despair. We would rather - have '-the; slumberous; glooms—the monastic 'twilight of’the;-middle-ages—than the fierce:-volcanic lights-and -the infernal shadows-of this Godless illumination. ; The great cry is progeess. Very. proper, gentle men, for standing still is but a-poor business, and stagnation is' a road nowhere. -But whither are you going? - Going’ to- Paradise or going to-the' Devil? ' What is your gbal?- Wnen we-uhdertake a great journey we like to pay-some regard to weather,- to the nature of the roads; to the condition of the country;- audio the state’of our own health. A march \- from darkness to-darkhess would only be a melancholy, and tragical affair.-Yes ! move on, but combine reverence with intelligence;: and move in wisdom and charity.- 1 Let the' , great' light ’of revelation-' fall sweetly’ upon the eyes of 'and jouruey;fay’thatj faith in supernatural verities, which gives fortitude, valor;- and-, endurance. It is cer tainly worth onr endeavor- to reach- some [finer: shore where amaranthine flowers are -blooming,’and all the forms of life and love -are more divinely;fair, and have some lustre' -of immortality upon them.; 