THE MAN SHE CARED FOR. By F. W. ROBINSON, Author of "Grandmother's Money," "Coward Con. science," " Poor Zeph," " Anne Judge, Spinster, "The Black Speck," "Eands ol Justice," "A Woman's Bansom," Ac. BOOK THE THIRD.—THE MISTRESS OF ILVERCOMBE. Ch.utki; XXXV.—'Waiting i-'Ok Him. The late morning dawned at Ilvercombe as if nothing had happened to distress the inmates of that establishment, and life began to stir there shortly afterwards. The servants were down early, and old Mrs. Dangerfield, waking early also, was fonnd in her armchair in the break fast-room by Agnes Ghallis, who was the first visitor to make her appearance. "I did not expect you would be down so soon as this, grandmamma," said Agnes, as she stooped and kissed her. " I could not rest. I have not slept all night," she answered, with that cool disregard for the real facts of the case which people mode rately wakeful invariably indulge in. "Indeed! You are nut looking the worse for it," said Aggie. "I daresay I shall feel the worse pre sently. Did you brother stay long after I trad bidden him good night?" " Not a great while." "It will take time to grow used to him. I wanted to speak to him before Frances and Estelle came down this morning. .Shall I trouble you too much ?" " No." "I don't gv.it" trust Vim said the„qld lady ; " 1 ha ; ; up -ood so long —but I don't v.; .. ..y ..w-Aust Agnes. I can't wi'di thr ...k u: n hi: face, which seems to ask you for your confidence. If he should «•»* an honest man I leave it to you to v * . T rm't- leave that trust J'. .-..id . ' ">. lu-nd;." said •you both." "Pray don't speak of this again. " Df what?" _ "Of the future, which you say will leave me rich. I don't look for wealth—under some circumstances I would prefer to be poor." " .Strange young woman, who would prefer to be friendless !" observed the old lady. " but there, I have done with that subject. Now I have something else to ask you. Have you made up your mind about accepting Daniel Overdown ?" "No," answered Aggie. "Not yet? Why, perhaps you will not have him after all!" " I don't know. I want to tell him—I wish him to be aware—oh ! don't talk to me, please, now," cried Aggie, turning pale and wringing her hands together piteously. "You want time to consider this again— or do you want advice from one who has known the world longer than you have, child?" "I only want time," was the reply, "I shall decide correctly when that time comes." " You arc looking very miserable over it. Go to your own room and breakfast there. Von will not care to face these two Dangerfield women this morning." "I am not afraid of them," said Aggie, faintly smiling, "and I do not suppose their ill-feeling will be long-lived when they know til e truth." " May I tell it to them ?" "No, let them discover it for themselves," was the reply. Old Mrs. Dangerfield nodded her head, as if in acquiescence, and Aggie Ghallis retired to her room at the hint conveyed by her grand mother. There was a little sitting-room up stairs, and contiguous to her bedroom, that had been placed at the disposal of Agnes during herstayatllvercombe, and here she breakfasted quietly, and endeavored to shape out her reso lutions, which still wavered strangely and un accountably. .She would be glad when it was all over, she thought, when one way or another she knew how it would end, and what lay be fore her. She was almost certain now that she did not love Daniel Overdown; she was sure there was no fervor of affection to set her heart heating at his name, and make of him, in every thought and dream, a lover to bo idolised. That might be the love of poets, in their rhymes, but not of common men and women who had their bread to earn and the grim realities of life to encounter. And yet how he loved her; how patiently he had waited for her; how deeply he had studied her; how generously he had let her go away to a higher sphere than his own, rather than bind her by a word to him ! He had had great confidence in himself, and in her affec tion for him—she had always loved Dan Over down, in her own way—and she was aware long ago, perhaps, that Dan loved her with all the strength of his honest nature. Could she break his heart by refusing liirn now—by tell ing him that his world was not hers, and there was no retracing her steps ? Could she tell him that she was likely to be rich so ne day, and that she could not share her riches with one who would have shared his last crust with her? Would he not think it was the money which had risen in his way to her; and that her " ex pectations" had hardened her against him, and set her thinking,of another lover, who would forget her prison life and antecedents, not for her own sake, as he would do, but for the dowry she would bring with her to the altar ? "What would he think of me?" she mur mured, with her gaze directed to the avenue of leafless trees and the snow-covered road beneath, along which he would be advancing presently for the one answer to his life. Oh ! for a few more hours to think of this—for him to think of this—and the time not so close upon her. She was gazing from the window still, with far-away thoughts that would distract her— thoughts of Hamilton Iiedclove, and of all that he had said and looked, and dreamy wonder ments as to what he might have meant in his last outburst of excitement, when lie had dis covered her in teai's—when too warm arms stole round her, and a rain of kisses fell upon her face. "Estelle!" she cried, when she had recovered her surprise. "Ah! you will never forgive me," Estelle cried. " I have let you see what an ungenerous, jealous, wicked girl I am—I am not worthy any woman's trust—but think the best of me that you can. Try and think the best of me." More sighs and tears and passionate ein bracements before Agnes Cliallis was allowed to answer for herself. " I have not a great deal to forgive, Estelle," she said. "You have—you have reiterated the half sister. " You have suspected me a little: but you are naturally suspicious, and I vms walking in the fields yesterday with your cousin." "I have been very wrong—I have thought so meanly of you—I had built up such a story of deceit and falsehood that I blush to think of j it. Oh, Aggie," she cried, " pray forgive me ! I will never—never—have unjust thought of you again—1 will love you next to him, for all the rest of my life." "There, there, Estelle—forgiven very freely all that there is to forgive,"said Agnes. "Now tell me what has brought hack the affection which 1 thought was gone for ever?" "I did not know you had a lover, Aggie," replied Estelle. " Ah !—who told you this ?" "Mamma — my dear mamma — who takes your part this morning, and tells me how wrongly I have judged you." j "You and she together, Estelle." j " Yes ; both of us." " Your grandmamma has betrayed my con- I fldence, despite my wish to the contrary," said Aggie, with a sigh ; "there is no trusting any of you here. A promise goes for nothing—a secret is not worth treasuring, even though its disclosure may bring bitter pain. I did not want you to know this yet, Estelle." " But I knew it already," replied she: '' did you not tell me something of this before ?" "That I had a lover—hardly. But what I did tell you in confidence you let Hamilton Iiedclove know at once." " No, no ; I don't think it was that exactly," said Estelle, in some confusion; "L—I only j said " " It does not signify," said Agnes, interrupt ing her; "my life is very strongly marked, and I am above disguising it. If your grandmamma had waited a few hours, though." " She has not spoken to me or mamma," said Estelle, interrupting in her turn ; " we ha ve not exchanged a word concerning vmi this morning." "They must have met last night again," said Agnes Challis musingly; "your grand mamma must have come straight to your room." "No: mamma went to hers—that is, I re member waking suddenly from sleep and miss ing her, and waiting till she came back to me. Oh, what a fright she gave me, Aggie!" "Indeed!" "She came in as white as a ghost, dear," said Estelle; "she had been frightened her self—grandmamma had called out in her sleep, and she had gone in to make sure that she was well." "And then they sat together talking about me," said Agnes—"a curious subject, that had better been postponed." "Then you would not have had me to trouble you this morning, you mean," said Estelle, pouting a little. " Scarcely that, Estelle. lam glad I have come nearer your stormy little heart agair>> " said Aggie, smiling sadly; " but don'i you know—you who are so well posted up hi lny affairs—that I am waiting here in s«femn state to receive the lover you have spoken of?" "Yes, know that," Estel'e confessed; "I heard Mr. Overdown wa« coming here this morning." "They have not let much of the news escape, Estelle ?" . The younger girl laughed gaily ; the clouds had vanished, and she was happy and loving again, and there was hope before her. There was always hope with Hamilton close at hand and no other woman in the way. "Well—what doc-s it matter, Aggie?'' she cried. "Should I not have seen him hero half an hour hence, and been introduced t> him. and heard from your own lips?" "I don't know," said Agnes thoughtfully. Estelle dropped at Agnes's feet, crossed her hands on her lap, and looked up iuto the soft, fair face bent over her. "Tell me all about him, please; I am dying to hear." "I have nothing to relate, Estelle; f have no more secrets to confess," was the reply. " No; but what is he like—is he fair or dark ? —where did you meet him?—how is it you have never mentioned his name?—what made you love him?—how did it begin?, and when? —and who began it ? What made you think he " (To be continued.) 