®hiHnu'$ Mtmu. THE SOLDIER'S MESSAGE. A veht remarkable circumstance occurred some years ago at Kirkcaldv, when a. person, for whose truth and respectability I can vouch was living in the family of a Colonel M. at that place. The house they inhabited was one extremity of the town, and stood in a Bort of paddock. One evening when Colonel M. had dined out, and there was nobodv at home but Mrs. H., (her son a boy about twelve years old), and Arm, the maid (my informa tion), Mrs. M. called the latter, and directed her attention to a soldier who was walking backwards and forwards in the drying-ground behind the house, where some linen was \\\n.T\tnnfT on the lines. She said she wondered what he could be doing there, and bade Ann fetch in the linen, lest he should purloin any of it. The girl, fearing he might be some ill disposed person, hesitated ; Mrs. M., however promising to watch from the window that nothing happened toher,shewent ; but stall ap prehensive of the man's attentions, she turned her back towards M'i. and hastily pulling down the linen, she carried it into the house; he costumed his walk the while, as before, taking no notice of her whatever. Ere lone the Colonel returned, and Mrs. M. lost no time in taking him to the window to look at the msvn» saying she could not con ceive what he could mean by walking back wards and forwards there all the time ; where upon Ann added, jestingly, ' I think it's a ghost, for my part -' 'Colonel M. said, ' he would soon see that,' and calling a large dog that was lying in the room, and accompanied by the little boy, who begged to be permitted to go also, he stepped out and approached the stranger; when, to his surprise, the dog, which was an animal of high .courage, instantlv flew back, and sraang throneh the glass door, which the Colonel had closed behind him, shivering the panes all round. The Colonel, meantime, advanced and challenged the man repeatedly, without obtaining any answer or notice whatever ; till at length, getting irritated, he raised a weapon with which he had armed himself *tft!I*Tig him -he ?* most speak, or take the -con- sequences,' when just as he was preparingto strike' lo ! there was nobody there ! The soldier disappeared, -and the child eank^sense less to tie ground. Colonel M. lifted ti« 'boy in his arms, - and as he brought him into the house, he said to the giri, '* You -are right Ann. It was a ghost !n fie was exceedingly impressed with tbis cirenmstancfe, sad 1tsach legretted his own behaviour, and -^ao*. the having taken the .child -with him, which he thought had probably prevented some' cbm ?mmiicaiion tnat was i'nftftnfl'sl. In order to repair, if possible, these irron, be went oat «verynight, and walked on that spot for some *timp| in hrpfts tJifi appwntjftn iroiilii rfltinri At length, he said that he had seen and had conversed with it, but lie purport of tie conversation he would never conunnnicsie to any human being, not even to his wife. The effect of the occurrence on his own character was perceptibh-^b- everybody that knew him. Ha became grave and thoughtful, and appeared lit1** one who bad passed through some strange experience.. The abovenamed Ann H-, from whom I have the account, is now a middle-aged ' woman, When tin* circumstances occurred she was about twenty years of age. She belongs to a highlyrespect able family, *r-d is, and 'l^fyy pim been, a person of unimpeachable ''?f'^'1 and veracity. — Gtoik. 