POET LINCOLN. Br a Visitor. One of the most enjoyable trips one can ' take at this season of the year is to tale the { steamboat from Port Adelaide to Port Lincoln k I did bo the other day, and thoroughly en joyed myself. Starting on Tuesday after noon in the celebrated " Ferret," I arrived in | Lincoln on Wednesday at noon. The trip through the islands was a most enjoyable one. After leaving the Althorpes you are scarcely | ever out of eight of land—and with smooth water, a good boat, and obliging officers, the trip is worth taking. Arriving at the " City of Lincoln," the first one I met was your old townsman, H. B. Hawke; he held up his hands in amazement, and exclaimed, " Do I see a ghost?" How ever, after assuring himself that I was flesh and blood, he took me by the hand, and after enquiries bad been satisfied as to how the bad boys of Kapunda were moving along—we adjourned. Lincoln, as your readers know, is situated on the shores of the far-famed Boston Bay, whose praises have been sung in prose and verse far and wide, but not half its beauties have yet been told. I can scarcely conceive of a more magnificent haven of rest—perfectly land-locked on all sides, and yet with a great depth of water it would afford shelter to the largest fleet in the world. " Oh! that the City was situated on its shores," I inwardly exclaimed, but, on second thoughts, I took that back, and substituted " Oh, that Boston Bay was situated opposite Adelaide." Un fortunately the magnificent harbor is not backed up by much good country, and no doubt this was the reason Flinders declined to recommend it as a site for the City. There are patches of good country, but it is very patchy, the bulk of it for miles back being limestone covered with mallee scrub. The town of Lincoln is not very large, but, as far as I could see, kept scrupulously clean. Of course, it bas its churches and cbapels, its pubs. (3), and, by the way, two of them afford most excellent accommodation for visitors (this is a cheap advertisement, Mr. Editor, but please don't erase) ; the landlords and land ladies are most kind and obliging, but they charge—be it said to my cost—sixpence for a nobbier. Then there is a neat Institute with a well stocked library, a post-office and tele graph station, an hospital without any •patients, and the most fatherly Road Board in existence. This Board make their streets the full width (and capital roads they are), make their water-tables and footpaths, do their kerbing, plant their trees, erect an ornamental fence skirting the beach, attend to the scaven ging, and, in fact, in a fatherly way look after all their wants. What the Lincolnites pay towards this I don't know, but I think they throw in their lot with the community. Com ing from a district where the Road Board will only make eighteen feet of the road and no more, I inwardly prayed that this Lincoln Board might be transferred to some place not far from Kapunda. The ride to Poonindie cannot be beaten for beauty. It is about ten miles from Lincoln, along the shores of the Bay. A good road and a good horse soon brought me to the station, and a pretty spot it is. At the time of my visit there were some 50 or 60 natives of all ages on the station. They occupy some 16,000 acres of land, the greater portion being leasehold. The River Todd flows through the estate, which, of course, considerably en hances the value of the property. At the time of my visit the natives with the assist ance of some whites were engaged in getiing in their hay; the crops have been very good for hay, but unfortunately the rust is very bad, and they are obliged to cut the most of it for hay. The same remark will apply to Mr. Wm. Haigh's-^crops, which are midway be tween Lincoln and Poonindie. The crop is as high as the fence—but the rust—and as a consequence it has to be all knocked down for hay. Mr. Haigh has used as much as two bags to the acre of the island guano, which is very rich. I believe it will go two tons to the acre, and as the season goes I think it is just as well that it should be made into hay or chaff. At Poonindie they have shorn some 8,500 sheep, and the clip has been very good. They have also a number of well-bred pigs, of which the manager is justly proud. Through the courtesy of Mr. J. D. Bruce, the superintendent of the Ponindie Station, I was shown over the settlement. There is a neat church, schoolroom, cottages, garden, &c.;, &c.; I was shown some of the writing of these young natives, and 'pon my word it would or should put to blush many of our model school scholars. The school was " out" at the time of my visit, but I was informed the youngsters were very apt scholars. A deal of dissatisfaction seems to exist in Lincoln. They say, " Why should such an area of land be monopolized by a few natives ? If it was leased out in say square mile blocks, it would be a real benefit to the town, as it is the best land in the district." They say there are not more than two or three genuine Port Lincoln natives on the station, all the others are either imported or half-castes. Well, sir, I scarcely know what to say. It does seem a large area of land to devote to the maintenance of 50 or 60 blacks, but on the other hand we should not forget that we have wrested the land from the natives and we are in honor bound to provide for them. The bulk of the land is, however, on lease and can be, I pre sume, resumed by the Government if thought necessary. Boston Bay for fishing—it's a grand water —all sorts] from a whale to a Tommy ruff. Yes, they told me whales frequently come into the bay for a romp. In fact you know your townsmen, Messrs. Thomson and BaBtard, " cotched" one sleeping on an island, and the troubles and trials of tbose two men, history relates. By-the-bye, I was introduced to your Poet Laureate (Tom Black)—a nice young fellow; comes from the black north and would persist in singing me one of Burn's popular airs. He says be has 6ung the praiseB of Boston Bay till he's tired, and the " Skylark " is his last effort—let us hope not, Tom. I took a walk with your friend, H.B.H., to the cemetery, which is situated about three miles from the town. I suppose Lincoln Cemetery is (barring West- terrace) the oldest burying place in the colony. I saw a grave with a date on the headstone 1840, another 1842 " Massacred by the natives." You will remember that in the early limes the darkies were very troublesome, and many a brave pioneer fell a victim to their spears. The plot is substantially walled in, but a few pounds spent inside in clearing the grass, &c.;, would not be amiss. Can't the Lincolnites get their Road Board to do tl.is ? My friend took me up on one of the hillf, and like one of old I viewed the country afar off. It was a magnificient sight—Boston and Coffin Bays stretching out beneath us, with all the adjacent islands, was a sight to be remem bered. I have now told you about all. Sir—at least all I care telling you about—and I will close by advising all who can spare a week or two to take a trip to Lincoln. The Agents-General for the AuBtralaBian . colonies intend submitting for the approval of the colonies a proposal for an exhibition of quartz crushing machinery in operation, to be included in the contributions to the Indian and Colonial Exhibition sent from the colo nies. The Pope, who was requested to arbitrate between Germany and S^ain on the question of the Caroline Island=, has formally announced his decision. He advises the German Govern ment to recognise Spanish claims to the Caro line group, and to accept the commercial con cessions which have been offered by Spain. The New York Times thinks the Grant me morial fund will be a failure. 