THE ZEALANDIA AND THE SEAMEN'S UNION. The war between the P.M.S. Zealandia and the Seamen's Union is at its height. The men are rapidly con- centrating their strength ; several meetings have been held, I be feeling on the subject of the employment of coloured labour is rising in intensity ; sailors, wharf labourers, coal lumpers, and stewards have united together to form a Maritime Labour Council ; non-unionists proposing to sign articles on board the mail steamer are made free of the union and otherwise bought off, and the coal lumpers have resolved not to budge an inch till the terms of the union are acceded to and sailors and firemen are taken on to the exclusion of their yellow brethren at £7 and £9 a month. From the point where George-street meets the sea a little knot of resolute men have been alternately watching the vessel through telescopes, or dissuading intending visitors from going on board. The watermen even complain that fares, including ladies, have been turned away by tham, and sent to the Circular Quay, although for what reason it is difficult to see. The men feel confident of SUCcess, and say it will takeacleur three days to empty the cargo, and at least another couple to get in coal, even if there were laymen to do the work. The secretary of the Seamen's Union says the body he represents has fully considered the question in all its bearings, and do not see that the action they have taken is likely to prove in any way detrimental to the interests of the port. I He states that if the captain engaged men at San Fran- cisco he would have to pay the same rate as here, and there I fore that it would be no advantage to him to have the articles signed there instead of here. This is not quite in accordance, however, with the statement subsequently made to our representative by Captain Webber, of the Zealandia, who says that he can ship seamen there at the rate previously paid by him, viz.., £6 a month. In and interview with our reporter he expressed himself much aggrieved at the dictatorial tone assumed by the representatives of the seamen, and said he had not been accustomed I to treat with men on such terms. He stated that the Vigilance committee interviewed him on board the Zealandia a few days ago and peremptorily demanded that before fresh articles were signed he should agree to disband his Chinese crew and grant higher wages to white men. In reply to the demand he asked for time to consider the matter, as this was the first intimation he had received of the intention of the committee to make such a demand, and it was impossible to act on the spur of the moment. It appears that the Vigilance Committee lodged a similar demand with the agents of the company four months ago, which was refused by the agentS without communication being made with the captain in the matter. In reply to the captain, the Vigilance Committee pioiuisnd to take no immediate steps on condition that no fresh articles were signed. The committee then left, and the captain proceeded to pay off the men, and was engaged in business connected with the ship when the secretary of 1 the busmen's Union came on board, and, according to the statement made to our representative by the captain, behaved in a very insolent manner, said the Vigilance Committee was not an authority in the matter, and that the captain must decide at once whether he would agree to the ultimatum of the Seamen's Onion or he would take immediate steps to recall every member of the union on board. The captain says he felt indignant at the manner in which he was being treated, and sent the secretary to the ' right-about, not, however, it would seem before he had I carried out his threat and denuded the ship of every union man on board; so that, to use the words of the osptsln, the ship was actually left without a watch and rendered liable to a fine thereby. The captain is loud in his expression of his indignation at what he asserts to be the blustering tone adopted by the representatives of the men, and says their very action puts it out of his power to do more than resist their demands, he points to the fact that four months ago the representatives of the Stewards' Union called upon him, and requested him to increase the wages of the stewards. He referred them to the agents, and the rise was immediately granted on condition that the number of the men should be reduced, and that those who remained should be content to work harder than before when the occasion required. This was agreed to by the Stewards' Union, and the increase was granted on those terms. As a fact, he says, the chief and second stewards and bedroom steward were then in receipt, of £14, £8, and £5 a month respectively, while the Union only required that they should receive £12, £7, and £5. The saloon waiters were about the only ones to benefit by the action of the Union, and their wages were increased from £4 10s. to £5 a month. Captain Webber considers it unfair that the P.M.S. should be the only ocean-going steamers against which the Seamen's Union take action, but, as already explained, the vessels of this company are the only ones signing articles in this port. Mr. Watt, of the firm of Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., the agents of the company here, states that a similar request was made to Captain Guest, of the P.M.S. Australia, last month, hythe Vigilance Committee, who gave as a reason for their demand that the company was subsidised by this Government. On its being represented that the company had received no subsidy since November last, the demand was withdrawn. In the meantime Captain Webber expresses his determination, unless the Seamen's Union adopt different tactics and a more conciliatory tone to do his utmost to get his vessel off by the advertised time, whatever it costs. He says he can discharge his cargo in 12 hours, and get in coal in 36 and if money can procure men to do the work, mon he will have. His back is up, and he means to fight. what he protests against more than anything is the suddenness and peremptory nature of the demands made by the men. A change of such a wholesale nature cannot, he points out, be made in a minute, and for the captain of a P.M.S. to be dictated to in such a fashion goes against the grain. Such is in the main the feeling of the captain in the matter; and while he would probably not be disinclined to come to some terms with the union, in order to avert a conflict which must be extremely disagreeable to both sides, it is only to be expected for as officer in his position that the demand should be in the nature of a request, and that it should at least be couched in courteous language. One point in particular has to be considered, and that is that the company have a poll-tax on its Chinese, and that the after sign articles in San Francisco, and not here, and would have to be returned to the latter place. It would be a great pity, both in the interests of the port itself, no less than in those of the seamen, as well as in those of the company, of whose splendid fleet the Zealandia is one of the finest, specimens, if some compromise could not not be effected which should be satisfactory to all parties concerned. In the first place-and we only throw out the suggestion for the good of the seamen themst)lvo«-r-let an interview be arranged at once between the representatives of the union and the agents of the company and the captain of the Zealandia. Let the union stated their grievances and " have it out," us the boss says, and surely it will not be difficult for some arrangement of a conciliatory character to be arrived at. It is not our place to draw up a legal document which should satisfy all parties alike, but if the agents were given time to return their coloured crew to the place where they shipped them- if, in short, some temporary arrangement could be made by which John could be sent back to his pig-tail cousins at I the Golden Gate, the remaining grievances of the union might possibly, and very speedily, like Hamlet's ghost, < vanish into thin air. This much we believe we are in a position to assert that in the event of the union coming to terms with the agents and offering no opposition to the ship clearing out in the same way as she came in, the agents would be willing to recommend to the owners 10 disband the Chinese crows both of the Zealandia and Australia at the port of shipment and take on white hands at the current rate of wages at the ports where the men might join the ship. 