NEWS AND NOTES. Yesterday Lieuteuant Colonel Smith sent a telegram to Mr Service, and also one to the Minister of Defence (Colonel Sargood) to the effect that there was a strong feeling in Ballarat to offer a military contingent to help to quell the rebellion in the Soudan. Mr Smith intimated that he believed that a good number of first- class men nould join here, and if the offer were accepted he would vbe glad to give every assist- ance in his power. Lieutenant-Colonel Smith received the following replies :—v‘‘Public Works Department. Hearty thanks for offer of assist- ance. The whole matter is under consideration. The following telegram has just been received from the Hon. W. B. Dalley, Acting Colonial Secretary, New South Wales:—' Have just had following telegram in answer to offer of military assistance of England, viz.:—“Have shown your message to Lords Derby and Hartington. Your offer greatly appreciated, and will be at once considered. Operations in the Soudan expected will have to be deferred, as getting late in the season. Sent your offer to press.”— SARGOOD, Minister of Defence.;" “Sorrento. Hon. Col. Smith — Have already wired Agent-General to inform Imperial Government that Victoria is ready to do her part as an integral part of the Empire. I know I could rely on a hearty ac- quiescence from the loyal citizens of this colony. JAMES SERVICE.” Important news from the Soudan will be found in to-day’s cablegrams. The column under General Earle was attacked by Arabs about 70 miles from Merawe. The enemy was repulsed with great slaughter, scarcely one of the attacking force escaping. General Earle, Colonel Coveney, Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, and eight men were killed, and four officers and 30 men wounded on the British side. Lord Wolseley expects to open up the waterway to Berber without further opposition. The column will continue its advance towards Berber under the command of Colonel Brackenbury. It is estimated that there are 15,000 Arabs at Berber. General Sir Gerald Graham is to command the troops to proceed via Suakim to Berber. No official information has been received regarding the death of General Gordon. Our telegraphic news contains several im- portant items from the Soudan. Some of them arrived yesterday morning, but too late for publication. They were, however, posted on the board outside our office, and was read with in- tense interest by large groups of citizens throughout the day. The examination in drill of the companies of the Ballarat Battalion entered for the Sargood Trophy competition takes place to day. The companies will fall in at the Orderly Room as follows:—B oompany at 3 o'clock, C company at 4 o’clock, D company at 5 o’clock, and A com- pany at 6 o’clock. The judges will be Lieutenant- Colonel Brownrigg (staff), Major Fellowes (staff), and Lieutenant- Colonel Bede. Major Fellowes last evening conducted an examination of non- commissioned officers at the Orderly Room. Sir William Earle, whose death at the head of his troops is announced by Reuter's message, is the same Major General Earle, C. B., who was appointed to the command of the garrison at Alexandria in 1882. When Lord Wolseley took the command of the Nile expedition, Sir Wil- liam Earle accompanied him as staff general, and, according to Lord Wolseley’s despatch, he was commanding the infantry column, which gained such a decisive victory opposite Bueka Island. Colonel Coveny, the other officer who was killed in the same battle, was gazetted major of the first battalion of the Black Watch, on 29th September, 1882, and appointed lieutenant colonel on the 18th November of the same year. A later cablegram adds to the list of killed the name of Lieutenant-Colonel P. H. Eyre, of the South Staffordshire Regiment (the old 38th and 80th Regiments), to the command of which he was appointed in 1881. The case against William H. Sewell, charged with forging and uttering a requisition for a press railway ticket from Ballarat to Ararat, was resumed at the City Police Court yesterday morning, before Mr Thomson, P.M., and Messrs Ham, Brophy, Hickman, Tree, Edwards, and Macaw, J’s.P. Mr Gaunt appeared for the pro- secution, and Mr Finlayson for the defence. The case was adjourned from the previous sit- ting. From the evidence for the defence it was elicited that the pass had been given accused by a member of the press, when the bench, after some consultation, dismissed the case. Mr Gaunt asked that the clerk of petty sessions be allowed to send the depesitions (sic) to the Attorney- General, to which the chairman of the bench assented. A high military officer, who has fought many battles in the arena of Parliamentary life was the cause of a disturbance yesterday at the Corner. The gallant warrior wishing to raise an imaginary corps for the Soudan, was provided with the proverbial shilling to enlist those willing to fight for the honour and glory of Eng- land. A well-known painter secured the coin, and got about a dozen Corner men to fall into line. One of the mirthful heroes — a speculator — “broke the line and bolted down the Mechanics' Institute passage, followed by the painter. The man of colours caught the deserter, and pro- ceed to form an “altar of justice” in the vesti- bule of the institute. The deserter resisted the painter, and a struggle ensued, in which the latter with his stick caused a nasty flesh wound on the former’s wrist. The affair threatened to eventuate in a single-handed battle, when the bystanders interfered and separated the com- batants. The painter last night proudly dis- played the “ Colonel’s shilling” as a trophy he had won in a miniature Soudanese campaign. As the names of the officers of the Black Watch wounded in the battle near Bueka Island are not given in Reuter’s message, the following list of officers of the 42nd regiment, at present serving in Egypt, will doubtless be interesting to the general public, and more especially to those who have friends or relatives in that famous regiment of Royal Highlanders:— Major A. F. Kidston, Bt. Lt. Col.; Major C. J. Eden, Bt. Lt. Col. Captains — N. W. Brophy, Bt. Maj.; A. S. Stevenson, W. H. C. Moubray, H. F. Elliott. Lieutenants — Lord A. Kennedy T. F. A. Kennedy, F. L. Speid, P. J. C. Livingston, J. Horne, C. P. Livingstone, A. C. Bald, N. W Cuthbertson, D. A. McLeod, T. Souter, A. G Ferrier-Kerr, A. G. Wolrige-Gordon, J. Macrae G. H. L. Galbraith, H. Rose, D. L. Wilson. Paymaster W. B. Thornhill. Adjutant — A. G Duff. Quarter-Master — C. Sinclair. The great moral worth of General Gordon as a man, and more particularly as a Mason, was referred to at the supper table of St. John’s Lodge, 427, I.C., by Br D. B. Wheeler, W.M., on Thursday night. It was claimed that Gordon, in his character, had developed the strongest traits of Masonry, and at the express wish of the W. M. the brethren drank reverently to the memory of the hero soldier. The February sittings of the Court of Mines was commenced yesterday, before His Honour Judge Trench. The case of the City of Ballarat Gold Mining Company, to admit proof of debt of the National Bank, was further proceeded with. Mr A'Beckett, instructed by Messrs Wat- son and Pearson, appeared for the bank, Mr Gaunt for the liquidator, and Mr Finlayson instructed by Messrs Cuthbert and Wynne, for the company. The arguments of counsel and the evidence of Mr Thomas, manager of the National Bank, and of Mr E. D. McMillan the official liquidator, lasted all day, and the case was then adjourned till this morning. About four weeks ago, in Christ Church Pro Cathedral, the sacrament of the Holy Com- munion was administered to nearly the whole congregation. We understand that on Sunday next, at 11 o'clock service, the Archdeacon, after a short address, will proceed to administer the communication to those of the congregation who desire to participate in that most solemn ordi- nance of the church. This alteration of the usual order of the service in Christ Church will, no doubt, be anxiously watched by the other members of the Anglican body and Christian demoninations An old Waterloo soldier, 91 years of age, who fought under the great Duke of Wellington, was on a visit to Ballarat yesterday. As there was a good deal of discussion about the Soudan in the several places in the City and Town visited by the veteran, he was induced to refer to his ex- periences at Waterloo and other places. His reminiscences interested many, especially his remarks regarding the few hours preceding the now historical battle. The old fellow was accom- panied by his son, who is 46 years of age. Professor Mica Smith has been appointed analyist to the Town Council. It is expected that he will shortly be called upon to analyse the milk sold by certain vendors, who, it is said, use water to increase bulk. “ Petticoat-loose,” a celebrated Irish ghost, who, according to some old ladies, in days gone by flitted around the foot of the Galtees Mountains, watered her milk when she lived in this mundane sphere, and had, therefore, after death to return to the world to do pennance for the imposition. So vendors, beware! Trespass of an aggravated nature upon the water reserves in the vicinity of the Old Yankee Mill still continues unabated, despite the con- stant supervision and watchfulness on the part of the commission employes. It is, however, to be hoped that the heavy penalty imposed by the Bungaree bench in a case of this nature brought before them on Thursday last, will have a de- terrent effect upon the numerous delinquents in this respect, who, it is charitable to suppose, are unaware of the gravity of the offence committed. A man named George Dedman, in the employ of a farmer named Maher, was charged with wil- fully making a gap in a fence for the purpose of causing cattle to trespass. He had no defence to offer, haying been caught in the act of turning 10 or 12 horses into the reserve. The police magistrate, in commenting on the serious nature of the offence, stated the determination of the bench to put a stop to the practice, if possible by a more severe exercise of the powers con- ferred by the act, and accordingly inflicted a fine of £10, with costs £3 19s 6d, in default two months’ imprisonment. It may be noted that the maximum penalty allowed under the statute is £50, or six months’ imprisonment. Mr Isaac Crawcour, pawnbroker, was pro- ceeded against at the City Police Court yester- day, for refusing to deliver up two umbrellas, illegally pawned. The articles in question were those recently stolen from the room of the Bal- larat Club, and were the property of Messrs J. A. Mulligan and W. H. Anderson. Mr Gaunt, for the defendant, said that Mr Crawcour, was willing to deliver up the umbrellas, but he would ask the bench to allow compensation, as the defendant had done everything to assist the police, and there was nothing peculiar about the case. Mr Wynne said any ordinary man, if he went to pawn umbrellas, would not have two in his possession. Some evidence was taken to the effect that the articles had been pledged by a gentlemanly man, who wore kid gloves, and stated that he was here at present on a visit, and had run short of cash. When the first umbrella was pawned he gave the name of R. Kerr, but on returning in the afternoon with the other and a coat said his name was J. A. Munro, which corresponded with the monogram “ J.A. M.’’ on the handle. The amount lent on them was 12s 6d. The bench ordered the re- turn of umbrellas on the payment of half-a-crown by each of the owners. The man Thomas Feathesatone, who attemped to commit suicide by hanging himself about a week since, was brought before the City Bench yesterday. As his insanity was certified to in the usual way the Bench committed him to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. A one-armed man named Simpson, who was suffering under the delusion that he was being continually pursued by Sir W. J. Clarke and other notable person- ages, was also committed to the Asylum on the certificates of Drs Jordan and Eastwood. A girl named Mary Murphy and a young man named John Bell, who had been arrested at about 12 o’clock on Thursday night, made their appearance before the City Bench yesterday morning on a charge of insulting behaviour. The evidence showed that the prisoners had been misconducting themselves in a very questionable manner, but Mr Thomson, P. M., thought the charge of insulting behaviour could not be sus- tained, and discharged them. The girl Murphy, who is only 16 years of age, was subsequently again arrested on a charge of vagrancy. The bench ordered her to be imprisoned until 6 o’clocki this morning, and then to be sent to the Abbotsford Reformatory School for a year. The Rev. Stanley Mercer is announced to preach in St. Paul’s Church to-morrow even- ing. A number of affiliation cases occupied the time of the City bench yesterday morning. In the first a young man named Alexander McDougall was charged with deserting his ille- gitimate child. According to the evidence of the mother, a girl named Alice Dern, the child of which defendant was the father was born on the15th June, 1883. McDougall left the dis- trict and a warrant was issued for his arrest, but could not be executed till a week or two back. The bench ordered him to pay 7s per week for the support of the child, with £2 7s costs, and ordered him to find a surety of £30 for the fulfilment of the order. Gracr Ann Buckingham proceeded agains (sic) George Stevens for £1 7s 6d, arrears of maintenance of his illegitimate child. In this cose £1 4s had been paid into court, and an ad- journment for a week was made to allow the payment of the balance. A third case, Christina McDonald v J. O’Keefe, was postponed until this morning. A meeting was held at St. Stephen's, Clayton street, on Thursday evening, to celebrate the first anniversary of the opening of the Sunday school building, which has proved such a valu- able accessory in the work of the parish, and which was built a year ago mainly through the vigorous efforts of Mr H. J. Carr and several earnest workers. A tea meeting was first held, and an excellent and liberal table was laid by Mr McKenzie, first for the children and after- wards for adults, the room having been prettily decorated by the school teachers. At 8 p.m. a public meeting was held and, in spite of un- favourable weather, was well attended. The chair was taken by the Rev. Stanley Mercer, M. A., who is now in charge of St. Stephen's. A favourable report of the year’s progress was read by the secretary, and apology was made for Mr Carr's unavoidable absence. A humorous and telling address was then given by Mr John Robson, who was received with pro- longed applause, being warmly welcomed here, as everywhere, as one of the most devoted work- ers on behalf of the church. A second very interesting and profitable address was given on the subject of “ Work” by Mr Turton, another ubiquitous church worker. The evening’s enter- tainment was interspersed by songs, well ren- dered, by Miss McGowan, Miss Hollingberry, and Miss Mercer, and an excellent recitation by Miss F. Peake. A good collection was realised, and the meeting concluded with the National Anthem. Mr Lindsay Hutchinson, of the Co-operative Grocery Store, Main road, was somewhat alarmed early yesterday morning on discovering that his large fowl-house had been cleared of its feathery occupants. Being aware that the Chinese New Year commenced to-day (Saturday), the grocer became anxious about his fowls, hearing that Celestials like to adorn their festive boards with delicacies; and he was about to give information to the police of his supposed loss when the fowls were observed coming out of the back premises of a neighbour. What Cr Ferguson termed a “ nosegay " was brought before, the Town Council last night when sitting as a Local Board of Health. The subject had reference to a tour of inspection made by the Town Inspector, who submitted a clearly worded report thereon. Mr W. M. Bean has applied to the Town Council for a 14 years' lease of a piece of ground near the Alfred Hall, for which he offers an annual rental of £20. An answer will be given to the application in about a fortnight’s time. There was not much ‘‘gas” at the meeting of the Town Council last night. Upon one of the employés attempting to illuminate the various apartments in the interior of the Town Hall, the pipes were found to be without gas, and a messenger had to be despatched to secure the services of Mr Clydesdale, who upon arrival at the municipal chambers found that there was too much gas or air in the meter, which caused all the bother. There was also a short supply of "gas” among the councillors last night, for the whole of the business (council and board of health) was got through in one hour and a half. Cr Ellsworth, the Gaunson of the council, was not in good form, complaining of feeling un- well. Cr Gregory jocosely said he hoped Cr Ellsworth would always feel the same at council meetings. Typhoid fever at present exists in the family of Mr Michael Keys, of Humffray street north. The patient, a child, is, however, progressing favourably under the treatment of Dr Woinarski. A mild form of measles is also reported in the Town. The Town Council intend to move in the matter of supervising the sale of milk within its boundaries. Last night Cr Scott brought the subject under the notice of the council, and it was decided to look up the health regulations, so as to be prepared to take the necessary action when required. Messrs James and, Russell, M’s.L. A., have succeeded in inducing, the Mining Department to grant £200 of the prospecting vote to the Melbourne Quartz and Alluvial Company, Bal- larat East. News to this effect was telegraphed to Ballarat yesterday. The money will consider- ably help the company, although it is calculated that a sum of £1880 will have yet to be expected before the point is reached where gold is expected to be found. St. Valentine’s Day (to-day) will be a remark- ably busy time for red-coated postmen, judging by the number of people (principally of the fair sex) who thronged the approaches to the Gene- ral Post Office last night. The unusual spectacle of the stationers shops and fancy goods' em- poriums being brilliantly lit up last evening gave Bridge and Sturt streets an unwonted lively appearance, numbers of young people selecting souvenirs for transmission. Among the places most affected by the young people were the establishments of Messrs W. M. Bean and Co., J. Reeves, H. J. Summerscales, R. T. Vale, C. Steele, Misses M. J. Robinson, Mrs Francis, Mrs Thomas, and Mrs Hammond, whose wares for St. Valentine's clients were of a superior kinds. His Eminence Cardinal Edward M Cabe, whose death we announced yesterday, was born in Dublin 1816, was educated in one of the Catholic schools of that city, and thence trans- ferred to Maynooth College. Ordained priest in 1839 by the then Archbishop of the diocese, Dr Murray, and appointed to serve the parish of Clontarf. About the year 1853 he was trans- ferred by Dr Cullen to the chapel in Marlborough street, Dublin. In 1856 he was promoted to the parish Church of St. Nicholas, and in 1865 was transferred to the parish of Kingstown. Already one of Car- dinal Cullen’s vicar-generals, he was appointed in 1877 bishop auxiliary, succeeding the cardinal to the see of Dublin on his death in 1879. Arch- bishop McCabe was created cardinal priest, in secret consistory, held by his Holiness the Pope at the Vatican, on the 27th March, 1882. The newly appointed cardinal received his hat from his Holiness’ hands in person on the 30th March, being assigned the basilica of Santa Sabina as titular. A somewhat peculiar petition for judicial separation was yesterday presented to Mr Justice Williams in Chambers. Mrs White, the peti- tioner, is 69 years of age, and the respondent is 68\. The parties were married in1837, and have five daughters, all married, and two sons. The ground of the application is cruelty, the most serious act of which is alleged to have occurred 45 years ago. At a joint meeting of the finance and public works committee of the Town Council, last evening, it was decided that the salary of Mr H. A. King, the engineer, be raised from £3 10s to £4 per week. It was further resolved that Mr Shepherd, the late inspector of weights and measures, &c.;, be paid £60 in full of all demands, and that Mr John Westwood receive £6 for services rendered. The R.M.S. Shannon was reported as passing Cape Borda yesterday at 6.25 p.m. Our Geelong correspondent, last night wired: —‘ ‘At a meeting of the Newtown and Chilwell Council to-night Mr K. Sutherland, of Geelong, was appointed town clerk in the place of Mr Wilson, who has been appointed surveyor to the Footscray borough.” The final match for the Bath Trophy, will be sailed this afternoon. The Chinese New Year festivities take place to-day. Great preparations have been made for the occasion by some of the Ballarat East Mon- golians. "James street” again cropped up at the Town Council last night, but on this occasion certain councillors did not wildly enquire, “ Where is James street?” Another favourite but dangerous spot near Russell Square was once more touched upon by Cr Roff, but it is well to say nothing more about it in the press. The third of a series of mission services now being held at Black Hill by the Y. M. C. A. took place last evening. There was again- a large congregation and a very successful service. Nine of the Y. M. C. A. members took part. The farewell benefit to Miss Wilkinson, to be given in the Academy of Music on Monday night, promises to afford a rare treat to all lovers of first-class music. In. addition to the fair bénéficiare, Mr Horace Poussard, the eminent violinist, Mr Robinson (tenor), Mr Thompson (bass), Miss Jessie Walker, Miss Alice Horsley, and Miss Gertie Frazer will assist in the entertainment. The programme is given in our advertising columns this morning; and should please the most captious critic. Tickets, which are issued at 3s and 2s, may be obtained at Messrs Sutton’s and Harrison’s music warehouses. The final event for Commodore Morey’s skiff trophy was sailed yesterday, afternoon. Four boats started, the race finally resulting as follows:— Mr Monsborough’s Blue Ribbon, 1; Mr Shoppee’s Lord Nelson, 2; Mr Saunder’s Maggie, 8\. The Polliwog gave up after the first time round. The Blue Ribbon has now finally won the trophy. It was observed last night in Sturt street that Messrs Reid Brothers have adopted the metro- politan style of distinguishing the different ’buses on the several routes by the use of coloured lamps, and after dark ’buses with red and green lights were to be seen running. We learn that the red light is used on the Lake and Victoria street route, while green does duty for the Lake and Plank road. The treasurer of the Ballarat Refuge desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of a donation on behalf of the Refuge building fund of £3, from the Old Identities’ Association, per Mrs Ferguson. The usual meeting of St. John’s Presbyterian Elocution Class was held on Thursday evening in the Lecture Hall, Peel street, Mr Coxon in the chair. There was a fair average attendance, and three new members were present. Mr Paine proceeded with the elocutionary exercises with favourable results. The but of a hawker named Mee Suie, residing at the Golden Point Chinese Camp, was entered on the 7th last., and a purse containing money and a few pennyweights of gold, all value 23s was stolen. Superintendent Ryall was occupied yesterday in taking evidence into a charge preferred by Sergeant Hall, of Ballarat Fast, against two con- tables for leaving their beats on a recent occasion. The depositions are to be sent to the Chief Commissioner for his decision. The Town Council last night decided to pro- claim Wednesday, 11th March, a holiday, it being the second day of the Fire Brigades’ De- monstration. At the City Police Court yesterday, Elizabeth Cahill was fined 2s, with 2s 6d costs, for having no name on her dray and leaving it unattended in the street. William Johnstone was fined 5s, with 2s 6d costs, for neglecting to walk his horse over a crossing, and Michael Gargar was fined 10s, with 2s 6d costs, for a similar offence. A lad named James Sheldon, for overloading a boat at the lake, was fined 1s, with 5s costs. William Smith was proceeded against by his wife, Amelia Smith, to show cause why he should not be sent to gaol for the non-payment of £6 6s, arrears of maintenance. The case was adjourned for a week to allow of enquiries being made. Wm. H. Marsh also sued S. J. Morgan for illegally detaining 16 pigeons, the property of plaintiff. Defendant expressed himself willing to return the pigeons, which were stated to have been stolen, if plaintiff could identify the same, and the bench made an order for the restitution of 10 of the birds. A man named Nicholls, who has been staying for some time past at the Exchange hotel, Bridge street, was admitted to the Hospital yesterday on an in-door patient’s ticket. He was being taken upstairs by the porter, Mr E. Hamlyn, when he suddenly fell down dead in the door way of No. 9 ward. The usual steps were taken in the matter, and as the cause of death is un- known an enquiry will be held. An accident, which might have proved of a very serious nature, occurred yesterday to a boy named Kenworthy, 12 years of age, at the Mount Pleasant ranges. The lad was going to school with a number of other boys, when he by some means stepped backward into an old shaft. Ken- worthy fell a distance of some 40 or 50 feet. He was admitted to the Hospital, but apparently has sustained no injuries more serious than a severe shaking and a miscellaneous number of bruises. The rainfall at Blackwood for the week ended Wednesday last at 8 a.m. was 1 inch 10 points. At the last sitting of the Blackwood Court of Petty Sessions, before Mr C. Shuter, P.M., and Messrs Ferguson and Cameron, J’s.P., Constable Eason proceeded against G. Williams, Green- dale, for trading on Sunday at his hotel, and the case being proved, the bench fined defendant £2 and £1 12s 6d costs. Mrs O'Connor v Mrs Smith, Mount Blackwood, for preventing plain- tiff from driving cattle on a public road. Fined 5s, and 12s 6d costs. At the Bungaree Police Courts on Thursday, before Mr Thomson, P.M., and Messrs Bacchus and Smith, J's.P. :— Michael O'Loughlan (ranger for the Ballarat Water Commission) proceeded against George Dedman, for willfully making a gap in a fence, for the purpose of causing cattle to trespass. Defendant admitted the offence. He was fined £10, with £3 19s 6d costs, in de- fault, two months’ imprisonment. Mr Wynne appeared for the Commission. The adjourned committee meeting of the Bun- inyong public library took place in the book- room on Wednesday last, when there were present—Messrs Hedrick (in the chair), Ochiltree, Goode, and Anderson. The secretary reported that he had communicated with Mr Sleeman as instructed, and he had arranged to remove the rubbish. The accounts would be duly audited. Further, he had communicated with the borough council and fire brigade with reference to the gate. The council had authorised the erection of same, and the town clerk and captain of fire brigade would attend that night to meet the committee and arrange the matter. The report was received. Correspondence was read from the council in reference to gateway, and from Mrs Parsons, asking for the use of the shop. It was arranged to leave the matter in the hands of Messrs Hendrick, Goode, and Ochiltree, in refer- ence to gateway, fencing, and Mrs Parson's ap- plication; another meeting to be called to deal with their action in the matter. The accounts have since been audited and found correct, as follow:— Receipts — Cash in hand, £58 8s 11d; Government grants, £23 19s 5d; contributions, £26 4s 6d; Borough Council, £7 18s; totals £114 2s 10s. Expenditure — Repairs and insur- ance, £16 ?s 5d; libraries, £12; newspapers, £12 16s 3d; caretaker, £7; lighting, £2 9s sundries, £2 2s 7d; balance, £65 ?s 7d; total £114 2s 10d. The Citizens' League in Geelong members about 350 members. At a meeting of the City Council this after- noon a resolution was carried, on the motion of Cr Joseph, setting apart next Sunday, the 15th inst., as a day of mourning out of respect to the late General Gordon, the hero of Soudan. Our local correspondent writes:— “ The usual monthly meeting of the committee of the Scars- dale Free Library was held on Wednesday. Present — The president (Mr Scott) and Messrs Stoker, Prentice, Miller, and Kirby. The presi- dent reported on the progress made with the programme in connection with the approaching Easter holiday sports, and stated, that he had received promises of £20 towards procuring trophies. It was decided that the annual meet- ing be held on the first Wednesday in March. After some routine business had been disposed of, the meeting closed." Our Smythsdale correspondent writes: —“On Sunday and Monday last anniversary services in connection with the Newtown Wesleyan Sabbath School were celebrated. On Sunday sermons were preached morning and evening, by Mr Caddy, of Ballarat, to appreciative congrega- tions. On Monday the usual tea and public meeting took place, the former being efficiently presided over by the ladies of the congregation, and the latter by Mr Robert Peart, when inte- resting and instructive speeches were delivered by the Rev. Mr Du Bois (Church of England) the Rev. H. Moore (Wesleyan) and others. During the evening the choir rendered some nice pieces of sacred music, Mr Peart, jun., pre- siding at the organ. After the customary votes of thanks had been passed to all who had assisted in making the anniversary a success, the meeting closed with the benediction. At the Sandhurst City Police Court on Thurs- day (says the Advertiser ) W. H. Grainger, in- spector of mines, proceeded against Thomas Freeman, the manager of the Acott Company,. Axedale, under the Act for Regulation of Mines and Machinery, for breach of the 23rd rule, section 8, of the Act, in not providing a proper indicator to show the position of the cage in the shaft as required by the statute. A fine of £5 with £2 16s costs was imposed. A week was allowed the defendant to pay the fine. The Telegraph states that a shocking affray was narrowly averted on Thursday night in a house of ill-fame kept by a woman named Ryan in Stewart street, off A.'Beckett street east. A young man named George Edwards, a carpenter by occupation, said to be a recent arrival in the colony, accompanied a woman whom he met in the city to the house in a cab, and was robbed of some money. The woman he had accom- panied to the house disappeared, and after he had in vain waited for her the keeper of the house appeared, and informed him he had been there long enough. Becoming exasperated, he produced anew centre-fire six chamber re- volver, loaded in all the chambers, pointed it at the woman, and was apparently in the act of pulling the trigger, when the woman rushed out and procured the assistance of Constable Swan- wick, who arrested Edwards, and placed him in the City watchhouse. This offence is becoming so common that stringent measures are neces- sary to put a stop to it. Shortly after 1 o’clock on Thursday morning Chalmers’ Church, situated in Forest street, Sandhurst, was burned to the ground. The church was a large weatherboard structure, with sitting accommodation for about 400 people. The contents were all entirely destroyed, and as these included a valuable organ, a Sunday school library of 1600 volumes and other church appur- tenances, the losses must be considerable. Chalmers’ Church was erected in 1874, owing to a division in the St. Andrew’s Church congrega- tion, and was then known as St. John’s. The church has had troubled times in the past, and just now, it is stated, the resident minister, the Rev. V. M. Riordan, has not been in thorough sympathy with some of the congregation in con- sequence of disputes over church matters. The building, which was very large, burnt very fiercely, the flames being aided by a strong breeze. The premises were insured in the Vic- toria Fire Insurance Company for £800. No one had been near the church since Tuesday night, and the cause of the fire is a mystery. The Bendigo Independent says that the report that the missing lad, John Wesley Allen, was seen at Sebastian on Wednesday, was not cor- rect. It was one of his younger brothers, who, on that day visited the same district. What has become of the boy is, therefore, still a mys- tery. Tne little fellow is said to have been the chief support of his father, who is aged and in- firm. All the appliances in connection with the diamond drill to be employed in defining the course of the alluvial lead along the Hopkins Valley have now reached Ararat. The South Australian Register’s estimate of the late harvest is as follows: — Area cultivated and reaped, 1,910,000 acres; showing an increase of 64,000 aares; average yield, 9 bushels per acre; total production, 17,190,000 bushels, leav- ing, after the necessary deduction for food and seed, 13,390,000 bushels, or 350,000 tons, being 37,000 tons more than was exported last year. The New Zealand journals announce the arrival in Auckland of the Hon. P. Lalor, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Vic- toria, who is on a visit to New Zealand, accom- panied by Mrs Lalor. It is rumoured that Sir G. W. Des Vœux, the Governor of Fiji, will probably succeed Sir Wm. Jervois as Governor of New Zealand on the ex- piration of the latter’s term of office. In all probability the bulk of the agricultural statistics for the past season will be prepared by the Government statist for publication about the 5th of March. Recently a narrow escape from a serious col- lision occurred at the Seymour railway station. A board was appointed to enquire into the cir- cumstances, and they have reported to the Railway Commissioners that both the pointsman and the driver were to blame for not exercising more care. The commissioners have fined each of the men three days’ pay. The Kyneton Observer mentions that a formal complaint has been made to the Telegraph De- partment that some ruining news, transmitted by telegram on Thursday to Kyneton, and known only to the sender of the message, leaked out before delivery of the telegram to the person addressed. Mr A. Kelly, of Witchipool, near Donald, has reported to the police that an unknown disease was affecting his cattle, four of which have died within a day or two, while others are affected. The inspector of stock has been communicated with. The invention of Mr T. R. James, manager of the Melbourne Telegraph Office, for carrying underground all wires to be used for telephone, telegraph, fire alarm, and electric lighting pur- poses, is shortly to be put to a practical test in Melbourne. A carpenter named Robert King, 59 years of age, who has been residing at Wangaratta for many years, has been brought before the police court on a charge of indecent assault with in- tent on a girl eight years old. Sergeant Steele applied for a remand for a week, which was granted. Bail was allowed in £50 and two sure- ties of £25 each, but was not forthcoming, and the prisoner was despatched to Beechworth Gaol. Judging from the letters and telegrams of our correspondent with the Afghan Boundary Com- mission (writes the Civil and Military Gazette) one good result has already been attained, in the establishment of friendly relations with the Saryk Turcomans. The Saryk Turcomans are the hereditary enemies of the Tekke Turcomans of Merve, and have substantial reasons for view- ing the advance of Russia with profound mis trust. If they can be assured of our help and protection, they will readily fight in our inte- rests and their own. According to the New York Tribune, a new method of averting labour difficulties is being put in practice near Pittsburg, U.S. It is the profit- sharing system, by which the workmen receive at the end of the year, in the ratio of their wages, a share of the profits. They are employed, the same as other workmen at the current rate of wages. Capital is allowed the rate it will bring in the market, with more where there is risk. The principle of self- interest is aroused. Some firms in the United States, one employing 15,715 hands, have already successfully operated for years on this participation plan. A farmer named Westley Bouchier, who re- sided near Wychitella, has committed suicide by hanging himself in his stable. He leaves a widow and five children. The unfortunate man was in financial difficulties, and had beoome de- lirious. The Scots’ Church case remains in statu quo. It is improbable that any further step will be taken by either side for some time to come. There is talk (the Telegraph states) of allowing the matter to stand over until the next General Assembly, for that body to appoint a commis- sion to negotiate in place of the Melbourne Presbytery, or to adopt such other means for bringing obout a settlement as wisdom and expe- rience may suggest. Mr Matthew Burnett will visit New Zealand in the latter part of this month, and will devote at least a year’s labour to that colony. So little is known of the British colonies on the Continent of Europe that the very mention of the word “Australia’’ at the dinner table of a French or German hotel, or, at a private party, leads (says the World) to a feeling of blank perplexity in the minds of the local guests) and is usually followed by the question “Is it Austria you mean?’’ Probably, if the real power, the enormous resources, the equally enormous territory, and the rapid growth of Canada, South Africa, and the Australasian colonies were better understood in Paris and Berlin, it would make a material difference in the policy of the French and German Govern- ments towards Britain. And, therefore, we fancy, the Indian and Intercolonial Exhibition which is to be held in London next year will prove a valuable eye- opener to Continental visitors, and especially to such of them as will be at the trouble of making themselves ac- quainted with the contents of the hand-books which will be distributed on that occasion. Let us take stock of the three groups of colonies we have named, and see how they stand. First, as regards territory, we find their area to be this:— Canada, 18,470,392 square miles; Cape Colonies, 240,700; Australasia, 3,075,030; total, 6,.786,122. With respect to population, the account stands thus:— Canada, 4,324,810; Cape Colonies, 1,682,991; Australasia, 2,740,127; total 8,727,923. Turning next to the revenue of these great de- pendencies we find it to be as follows:— Canada, £6,954,886; Cape Colonies, £4,182,595; Aus- tralasia, £21,911,015, total £33,048,496. Now, we submit that nearly nine million’s of people with the resources of a territory of 6¾ millions of square miles to draw upon, and a revenue of £33,000,000 sterling, must count for something when England “ speaks with her enemies in the gate." We have received "Lesters's Hotel Monthly Railway Time Table,” which is a useful pub- lication of its class. Messrs James M’Ewan and Co. are the sole agents for Mr T. C. Fawcett’s brick machinery. Notice is given elsewhere that the registered office of Permewan, Wright, and Co., Limited, is situated at 138 Collins street west. In connection with the competition for the Sargood Trophy to-day, it is particularly desired that all members of B Company who can pos- sibly do so will muster at the Orderly Rooms no later than half-past 2 o'clock. This company is set down to commence work at 3 o'clock, and the time allowed for preparation, it will seen is very short. The annual excursion to Queenscliff in con- ection with St. John's Presbyterian Sunday Schools will take on Friday, the 20th instant. The trains will leave the Western station at 6.50 a.m., stopping at the Eastern station, and return from Queenscliffe at 5.30 and 5.40 p.m. Tickets can be obtained at Mr Milligan’s, grocer Sturt street; Mr Walker’s confectionery shops, Sturt and Bridge streets; also at Sunday school, Peel street, and Urquhart street school, on Tues- day, Wednesday, and Thursday evenings from 7 to 9 o;clock. The fares to be charged are :— Children under 16 years, 2s; seniors, 16 to 23 years, 4s 6d; adults, 6s. To-morrow evening the general secretary of the Y. M .C. A. will preach at Black Hill. “General Gordon, the Christian hero" is to form the subject of a lecture to be delivered to- morrow evening in St, John's Presbyterian Church, by the Rev. J. W. Inglis. Such a theme cannot fail to be at once interesting and profitable. The members of A company, 3rd Battalion, will fall in for the Sargood Trophy competition this afternoon, at 5.30 p.m. The members of D company muster this after- noon at the Orderly-room, as shortly after ha;f past 4 as possible. 