Figaro Flashes BEING THE Christmas Supplement to Queensland Figaro. BRISBANE: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1885. The "Figaro" Christmas Pudding. AS is but fit when Christmas is unhooding, I give my readers, all, a Christmas pudding. A jovial jumble up of merry clashes, My celebrated, peerless Figaro Flashes. The currants in the Pudding may be classed As current skits upon the year that's passed; With speculations as to what's to come, From highest magnates and from flunkeydom; From town-bred swells, and all the cities' " push," And from recesses of remotest bush. So all may pick up sundry, sweetie plums With which to coax their literary tums. To give this luscious Christmas Pudding chaff, I tax the total talent of my staff; Who form a brilliant galaxy, well tried, In all parts of the country, far and wide. Here you'll find plums that drop into your mouth, Cast by some " cherry- bobber" in the South; Then, Separation raisins coming forth, And greetings cheery from the farthest North; Anon, (which pioneers may like the best) Come bushy yarns from writers in the West; Nor will you find less luscious in the least, The stories emanating from the East; Nor are they land yarns, only, if you please, For I run correspondents on the seas; And all put on best literary looks, To be allowed to be my Christmas Cooks. So please arround the Pudding take your seats, And you shall quickly share its toothsome sweets; Each one shall have a satisfying piece, Nor till you all are served the banquet cease. See! here are crumbs, at once the reader sniffith, Provided by our Samuel Walker Griffith, The which the North and West will soon ??? When drinking mystic toasts of " D. S. G."; And much enjoy such Flashes in these papers, As dig at Sam-u-el's fantastic capers. And there are tempting tit-bits, too, i' faith, Relating to Sir Thomas M'llwraith, One of our chiefest statesmen and commanders, Who's stood the test of all his rivals' slanders. And then we see the broad, expansive forehead Of cynical and witty B. D. Morehead; Close, cheek by jowl, as this grand Pudding's putt on, With his old enemy, Charles Boydell Dutton! While florid, and his wrinkles wreathed in smiles, You see the gourmand, brusque old Billy Miles. And, standing on a Separation tack, The famed apostle of Mackay, Hume Black; With four-feet-nothing Isidorah Lissner, With mining schemes from Charters Towers, of his'n, er! Here's poetry and contracts this past year Provided by bricklaying Jack Annear. Old grizzled Sheridan has grown much starcher, While whiter beard adorns the Gracemere Archer. Behold how Wide Bay Bailey, Gov'ment whip, Has hero been of presentationship. While Robert Bulcock stands amongst the polls, Examining the new elect'ral rolls. Bold Beattie stands as sturdy as before, It takes far more than mere constituents' roar To make him from his fast position budge; Here's "Squash" McMaster, too, supplies some fudge, And Billy Brookes is still upon the diddle, With Coolie bogies and his worn-out fiddle; While planters play a fresher game with ease, By bringing out a horde of Javanese, Who'll play the devil with the working man, Far more efficiently than Coolies can. Gay Pietzcker went in search of Hans and Hermans, And Heinricks, Baptists, and all sorts of Germans, But well we know he rather baulked on this mark, When toed politely out by Herr von Bismarck. John Francis Buckland makes a better shift, he Is holding out a plum that's worth four-fifty; And Kinnaird Rose's contribution comes here, He waltzes in as Sam's pet chanticleer. There's Dickson, too, the oratoric hub, Discussing snacks with stamm'ring legal Chubb. John Donaldson and Fergie try to test, The pitching powers of rival North and West; And all their strength is in the effort put To dance around Bundanba's hero, Foote, Who puts his foot right in it with a pity, When he can't boss a House Select Committee. John Donaldson, too, by the living Jingo ! Throws in a special gift of run-down dingo. Then Speaker Groom, gives us some learned fooling, In faking up a Constitution'l Ruling. And writes to greater swells for their opinions, And lays it down as law to his own minions. John Baptist Louis Isambert, Esquire, Has notions of financing, war, and hire. And soon we light upon a real old Cook, To make this pudding as it ought to look, John Hamilton, who's here, (I am in this strict) A Cook alike in nature and in District. Would make a Smith? mining in alloy, Though thus his discourse, this year always ran, The Northern miners know him as a man. He has an honest heart, an honest grip— A faithful Member, and a useful Whip; Though some believe it was a bitter pill That partnered him with blust'ring Lumley Hill, Who changed his party as he changed his coat, And seldom cares which way he'll give his vote. While Midgley, young in seat, by leap and bound, Has covered heaps of good, politic ground ; Though Sam declined to let him have his fling With good old Hodgson and the " Forest King." Here's Arthur Rutledge, also in the draw, Who's dummy while his Chief expounds the law; I'd like to hear by what rule we're to learn he Can be, in any sense, Sam G's attorney ? But still he's put some trifle in the Pudding, And gives a flavor there of goody-gooding. But I should have irreparable loss on This contract, missed I John Murtagh Macrossan. " Old Jack, the hatter," as the miner has'm, A man of fluent tongue and wild sarcasm; Rejuvenated, looking young and nice, He gives this Pudding his full share of spice. While Ducie's B. B. Moreton gives it tone, And Stevenson helps to build a " wall of stone "— That's my peculiar habit, see, of calling What hon'ble members curtly style "stone-walling" The next ingredient that I here turn short on, Port Curtis gives me in bland Albert Norton, And I must take, as I suppose all oughter, A drain with John Macfarlane—pure, cold water; It doesn't seem a very Christmas stuff, But we'll put some decoction in the duff. Mac. knows not grog, and so can never tell it. Here's Jessop, Jordan, Govett, Kates, and Kellett, And many other muzzled politicians, Who, nameless, hold subordinate positions. And now, as is the Parliament'ry vogue, I'll move forthwith the 'Ouse do now prorogue. The eye will see, if it around more steers, The elder members of our House of Peers, Who tried, against the t'other's uttered curse, To have a hand within the public purse. Sir Arthur Hunter Palmer, bluff and burly, In heart all kindness, but in manner surly, Throws in his atoms with a hearty will, With spice of Money and a Labour Bill. But miss we here, a matter that's distressible, Our William Henry Walsh, the Irrepressible, Who's hand and glove with "Wales " in his position In the Colonial-Indian Exhibition. A new king has arisen, legal don, But rules with meekness, poor Mac.-Paterson, Whose frenzied mind oft beats with futile ire At him he pledges now—T. Murray- Prior. I do declare, my eyes cannot be jobbing, The two are positively now hobnobbing, As they rush forward with their eager share To put within the Pudding, I declare! And, may I be reduced to utter beggary, The pair have just been joined by Brothers Gregory. Charles Sydney Dick is there, without a smudge, But brother Mein has fled to be a judge. Here's E. B. Forrest with a plum erotic, His hat aslant, in manner quite aquatic, He now contributes items he has got, A Humpybong regatta and a yacht. And William Draper Box, another sort, A man who hardly can be called a sport, When asked the price Two Orphans of—two horses, Who were cavorting on Rockhampton courses— He wired reply, which tickled all the groundlings, And went to get two Orphanage young foundlings! And here I see my rival at the law, My friend, the hon'ble Jimmy Cowlishaw, No more my confrére on the Press, he now Inserts a plum worth 26 in " thou." But where, oh where — the thought is slightly shockerty— Our ancient Kevin Izod, grand O'Doherty ? This rather spoils this Pudding's other joy, For Queensland's lost this gay and ancient boy, Who revels now in a far distant mart, And pins his colours to his loved " ould dart," Ould Oireland's placed upon his brow a wreath, And made him (unopposed) M.P. for Meath. And others follow on in capered twist, But I will close just here this Ancient list. But now the gilded top-knot must make us grave, Room for His Excellency, Tony Musgrave! Continued on page 5. Christmas Pudding— Continued. Who has been less political in speeches, Taught by the long experience that teaches. His Lady, too, has giv'n a great variety Of things that please those folks they call "Society." I also notice in this Pudding neat, A lot of spicing—yes, sweet's from the Suite, But I see more than such grandees official, The Mayor—to place His Worship as initial— Shall hereby fill his ample Corporation, And give this Figaro Pudding due laudation. Though marred, at first, by dead-heat voting rabbidge. We've not put in a bad year with Ben Babbidge. Let Southall Galloway, let Forrester Warry, Let Hipwood think his colleague is his quarry, Let Duncan bride-on, and let Hocker porter, Let Heal make-master quite a furious snorter; We can't complain the cooking of the cabbage Served out, the year through, by our Benjy Babbidge. And lots of other cits are eager mooding A good dip in this famous Xmas Pudding. There's Barnett, agricultur'ly inclined, McConnel, Hardgrave, of a similar mind, And M. C. Mason Pauls on old John Petrie, And Geo. Raff sits beneath the same old neat tree; Will Allan, Barker, Bolton, make their mark, And Chauvel, Delpratt, Collins, and Geo. Clarke, And men, so wide between, as old Tom Finney, And hon. John Douglas, now up near New Guinea; Men of the most completely divers ways, From Joe the Bellman to our swell Bernays; From Bishop Webber to the meanest tyke, From H. J. Pollard to the wildest bike; Yes, fellows of all sorts, and all conditions, Merchants and brokers, hatters and physicians, Men of the sprucest rig, and others, seedy 'uns, The tragic high men and the low comedians; The mixture of the bush with that of towns, The smug-faced parsons and the merry clowns; And, eke John Sutton's far-famed parish chimes, Shall mingle music with the pantomimes; A motley medley, utter would some pastors, Yet so's the world—"A mad world, 'tis, my masters." Nor shall the ladies even be prevented From being at the Pudding represented; No such a Pudding ever truly made is Unless it's meddled with by pretty ladies. Ladies of all degree, the near and far maids, The married ladies and the pretty barmaids; All, all shall then receive their proper care, And of this Pudding have their proper share. And here's the way in which I diagnose The style of Pudding that I now propose. Take of the finest flour of modern humour; Each plum and raisin is a current rumour; Then in the mixture add the incidents Of all the present year's best-felt events; Mix with the purest stream of modern wit, Spiced up just here and there to please a bit; Add in a seas'ning of the year's frivolity, (For such a dish is relished by the "quality,'') Put in, as suet, fun, and mirth, and jollity; Stir with a pudding-stick of local comment, And edit with the pudding-bag of moment. This year the Pudding's summed ingredients, Should have to do with these well-known events :— You pour in first a little cypress poison, The which the opening year made quite a noise on, Where Neil McNeil and Barney Williams 'scaped By narrow chance from being on gallows draped. Ah Sam would fain have giv'n them shortest shrift, Their lives were Figaro's last New Year's Gift. Then bring a dish of Sammy's vacillation, Which followed Bismarck's German annexation, And add a bungled House's prorogation. Now add a slice of bitter lemon peel, About the filing of the "Fifthly Wheel," Which made a disappointed public man Of Maryborough's R. B. Sheridan. And mind you don't forget Mackay and sugar, And all the rumpus that has worked their euchre; With some small touch of telegraphic grievances, The paltry pay, and frequent cross relievances; And ply the Pudding here, just in the thick it, With lots of flavouring of sports and cricket, And some slight reference to Neddy Trickett. And you must place within the sweet'ning throng, The frequent name of our own Humpybong, For I am one who does not dare to claim There's nothing in a novel-sounding name. And spout about the Northern sweet pertaturs, With frequent mentionings of alligators. A little hunk of German emigration, In view of Sammy's recent revelation. With favors to the Brisbane hospital, About existing grievances that pall. Up to the Central line, of course, you go And tell how Pine Hill's gone to Jericho! A saddened sop of grief we'll briefly make To death of footballer J. H. J. Blake, Who, while with all his mates' affections crowned, Was accidentally—ah! mourn it!—drowned. Remember, too, the myst'ry that environs, M'Neil's queer sentence of "Five Tears in Irons," A sentence that Sam Griffith swears is "three"— Here wink your optic right, the same as me. And may I notice how I briefly sunned In public light with my Defensive Fund, But as I neither worked to beg, nor plotted, The end too sadly was that I was potted. Here, pile the dish with just a little groan, For Dickson's busted brag about the loan; Twelve-perch allotments Dick has sold for skillions, But he's not got for us those ten of millions. A morsel now from Marybro' Pengelly, Who knows all things from jam to vermicelli. Old Sherry knocked him at his last election, But Pen ne'er let his courage have defection, And, when election time comes round again, You'll hear some more of Master Pensive Pen. At present he is studying the habits Of all the sorts of those marauding rabbits; And vows that he can kill them wholesale now, And get a bonus of some sixteen " thou." Australian Widows' Fund now hoists its flag, And drops a tit-bit in the Pudding-bag. While I've a slice here for Blind Teacher Tighe ; And railway uniforms here come and sigh. And I would never dream of leaving out A many plums about the passing drought, With just a souvenir of thanks again That we have prayed, and got the blessed rain. With many passing protests on the hoards About the actions of Division'l Boards. And how the railway cars for Queensland kidney, Were sent by Billy to be made at Sydney. Mount Morgan fever gives a little pop, And mining swindles everywhere now drop. Here also is the place to say a word, oh! How Sammy Griffith tried to damn M'Murdo; The year's events now likely may disgorge, The local squabble up at far St. George; And Frank Hann shines as just returned North home, After a precious Hann- imated roam. How Dickson, got to nasty loggerheads, With his Enoggera unpampered "reds;" Next, Lennon turns up with a new hotel, And Danielle follows on the suit as well; And give a kick at that black first-class " liah," Who wears the sacred cognomen, " Messiah;" Lord Derby's tardy act of annexation; With a brief memory of the relation How some projected bridge, at Townsville's loss, Was nearly ordered, by our Sammy boss, To touch his land upon the Isle of Ross; With mention also of Sam's troubles South, When he could not restrain an angry mouth, And got hot coffee from the Melbourne Press, In words I'd hardly venture to address. Here we'll relieve these horrors too ecstatic, With some small nibbles at some things dramatic; With opera first, a hint or two will do, At the sweet nightingale, Miss Montague; The Howarde Family, a brief delight ; The Junos next our audiences respite; Miss Carry Nelson and McFayden must Into our Puddmg make a passing thrust; Miss Marian Willis, and the pretty funnings And local mashings of the opera Dunnings ; Miss Ivanova, Appleby and Aston, With Josey Deacon and Miss Gwynne are passed on; Lacey and Wheeler, Matthews, and St. Leon, We next observe in mimic, merry glee on; And G. A. S., and eke the Johnson Club, Must make a portion of the syllabub; Genevieve Ward and brilliant H. N. Vernon We next must in this portion quickly turn on; And old George Sims, the popular comedian, And Buckley's old Hibernicon, no weedy un; While we can't let this Pudding banquet tear on Without a bit of little Leon Caron; J. Canny's lectures, German masquerades, Chiarini's Circus, Church bazaars, are aids To lighten up the elsewise heavy pudding And send the revellers to nightmare brooding. My sympathies are also with, as yours, The charity-performing amateurs— And I can't think of being any laggard In here inviting sprightly Alice Haggard; And I suppose you probably have heard of Miss Tempe Pigott, and Miss Bertha Burdoff. Rignold and Allison here need inclusion, With Ada Lee, Pet Pelham, in " Confusion." And Boothman, W. A. Arrowsmith, Are introduced to readers mine herewith. And "Glasgow flourishes," as may be seen And heard, when list'ning to Miss Jess Jardine; While J. P. Sheridan puts in his crystal, With Widow O'Brien in " Fun on the Bristol;" With E. D. Davies the ventriloquist; The Rickards-Leete company next insist, And nightly draw, on concert-dancing grounds, Till they slide South with just £700, In some three weeks. When they were gone, why then ye Admit "the violin king, Edouard Remenyi; Then Iolanthe and sweet Nellie Stewart, And Emma Chambers gave us quite a new heart, And Flo Trevelyan and Miss Emma Temple, All highly classed as opera ensemple; And Robert Brough and Woodfield, Boyle and Brennir; And Johnny Wallace (though he's not a tenor): Park and Searelle, and Julian Tom, the " Vag," Next go within my Christmas Pudding bag; Nor can we pass the merry Irish jigs Of that good old comedian, Grattan Riggs; Nor yet the fantasies, so light and airy, Of Miss May Hill, Miss Wilton and George Carey; Nor Pollard's Lilliputians, nor the dowers Of merriment found at " Hart's Happy Hours." Still later, do our Thespian revels vary— Frank Thornton in " The Private Secretary;" Miss Annie Taylor leads his lady line, Backed up by Ada Lee, and Nell Mortyne; Hoyte, Inman, Calvert, too, their parts requite, With Harry Taylor, and with Stirling Whyte. But hold, enough of sweetening gay revels, Return we now to politics' sad levels, 'Twill give the Puddmg quite a spice of ginger, As did to "Forest King" H.M.S. Swinger. And, for a moment, too, please now direct your Most scornful looks at railway architecture; At country jumps, gin cases are quite scrumpies To some of Billy Miles's dwarfish humpies. Tell how our hearts, with saddened horror, shrank At tale of butcheries at Irvinebank. Now put a lie or two, which here we can, That Griffith's crowd much love the working man; They love him so, they've made him quickly clear, For those who're left, they've raised the price of beer. The Northern men now put in Separation, And Samuel relegate to hotter station. And eke the "Mercantile and Agency," As hot a Griffithite as e'er could be, Has advocated, at a time unduly, The importation of the hated Coolie. While Queensland planters have been very meritori ously off scooting to the Northern Territory, Where South Australia, Queensland's wiser neighbour, Refrains from interfering with cheap labour, And now we may appropriately intone A hymn of praise to Sammy G's " backbone," Continued on page 7. Christmas Pudding— Continued. For that, the which he never yet had ghost of, It is his pleasure publicly to boast of. He now donates them 50,000 pills, To start a Syndicate in Sugar Mills. Now, please, to speak a gentle little piece About our paralysed scheme of police; And chat about Australian Federation, And we all bounding to a giant nation; Throw in a spice of bunkum more ethereal And ask that Federation be Imperial ; And think of Derby and Sir Evelyn Ashley, Hugh Romilly, and poor Sir Peter Scratchley; (The latter, vanished to the utmost farness, Died but the other day, alas! in harness.) And halt a moment till I vault the chasm That lies between me and enthusiasm. Drop in a spice of Polynese Commission, With Kinnaird Bose and Buckland (in condition), And Black Messiah heading for perdition. Now tell how Queen Street puts its heaviest push Against the interests of all the bush; The bush, of course, is made to help to pay, But all the money spent is spent this way. How Government winks at its rails contractors Commission paying engineering factors. And we may cheerfully another plank wet About the Maryborough Gov'ment banquet, The foolish, toadying and logrolling gommies Might well have known the value of Sam's promise. The mutual trip, too—rival competition— Twixt Sam and Leader of the Opposition. Just pepper at Sam's active hate and limber, When he messed first with poor men getting timber. And how the curse of Dutton's Land Act works, It crushes squatters and selectors burks! How, ever since the Act began to stag men, The country's covered o'er with idle swagmen. Tell of the many, many moneyed strips, which Have most unfairly been applied to Ipswich; And how the agony is on its edge, For Maryborough's really got a dredge. And now roll in here quite a heap of tonnage, About late great mismanagement at Dunwich; And just a lightning-flavour of potheen a bout similar great wrongs at St. Helena. Convenient here would be a brief oration, Of not enough State School accommodation. We'll take before we put the Pudding on, A mix of Billy Miles and Hodgkinson; With quite a billyful of fancy notions About the ways of Government promotions; Also be it recorded here in verse, That high officials do the men coerce, By threats of sack, to make them give subscriptions To shows—Jews once before despoiled Egyptians; And, even so, as went officials forth, Coercing men, Sam Griffith cheats the North ; While Arthur Rutledge shielded has, a fraud Upon the State by a Divis'nal Board. But then, you know, a memory awakes Of the Attorney-General " Seeing Snakes!" And I remember, too, the recent dim in, How Arthur Rutledge slandered Queensland women. This Pudding needs a squeeze of Parliament, To show the many "plums" have been mis-spent: Its bickerings and tiffs at ev'ry sitting Now give this Pudding quite a taste unfitting. Annear's oration in reply to Speech, Please take and place it clearly out of reach; A Bill to amend the Local Government Act Must be dropped in—'tis an accomplished fact; Addition'l Members, 'supials, police, And Members' Ex's, as the Gov'ment grease; New Guinea "boys'" Employers' compensation— Should all here find a proper situation. Corrupt Elections ; fresh Land Act amends; Each its own flavour this here Pudding lends; The Bill for Charitable Institutions ; The dingo's right to all non-prosecutions; The Licensing Act, too, with all its flaws, Especially the stringent local option clause ; The rabbit scare; the new obnoxious taxes; (Dickson upon the working men but placks his New burdens.) The silence of the dummies, Who, save at voting time, were dead as mummies; The Estimates, amended with varieties, The Bill amending rules of Friendly Societies; The case of Ransome versus Brydon, Jones & Co. ; The Polynesian and the Separation go; The Bill re Land's too paltry subdivision; The Bill for new Colonial coalition; The Postal Union and the Vender Cable; And railway plans laid on the House's table. The subsidy to Central Sugar Mills Of 50,000 pretty gilded pills; The startlingly peculiar composition Of that mixed-up Kanaka Royal Commission; The mean denial to the Forest King, And many another Parliamentary thing, Have each their little own distinctive savour— I'll put them in this Pudding for their flavour. Now, graver items fall, in what I ask, But we should ne'er decline such mournful task; This serpent Sadness lurks within the cup, But we should ne'er decline to take it up; For we should never fear the bones to touch, Of those dear friends in life we loved so much. So, polish thought with recollection's emery, And drink, in solemn silence, to the memory Of those who, with us, last year, shared and delved, But whom, the present during, Time has shelved. Let's do with sadness, what we have to do, Forgive me, therefore, if I name a few. William O'Carroll, fast and firmest friend, His presence to this life last year did lend; His bones now lie, attired in death's apparel, His staunch heart's still, dear, noble Will O'Carroll. And other losses overcloud our smiles— The bright and youthful William Henry Isles. And I could chant a mournful requiem lyral, Over the last dust of John de Poix Tyrell; And gone, too, has the well-known Charley Bowman, Who ever made an enemy of no man; And Donald J. Mackenzie, memories bring; While Queensland's lost a treasure in Judge Pring. And Sydney A. Barnard in back-way tracks, Was basely murdered by the savage blacks; The working men of Brisbane now bewail The late decease of their own John Lloyd Bale; Another promise lost—but budded partly— Is by the sudden death of Wilfrid Bartley. And T. M. Bayes, a Northern pioneer, In bush, for want of water, found his bier. (I beg you, don't believe I meant a pun, It came by accident, but, there, it's done.) In further sorrows I will not persist, But let this awkward blunder close the list. More pleasant is 't to look to other mates, And in this Pudding here embalm their fates. Gay Cupid must have certainly miscarried When festive, young Bob Ballantyne got married. Brave old D. Coghlan, first of Western squatters, Has now retired to rest his ancient trotters; And George Lautour, in marvellous instanto, Has turned up somewhere in the Isle of Santo. H. Shepperson, globe-trotting wight, 's been here; And William Pritchard Morgan, it is clear, Has struck ile straightway in the motherland; Chas. Buzacott's returned to Queensland strand; And old George Hall has left the Telegraph, And has been working on the Courier staff. Now gather up the rest of the material, And soon we'll have this Pudding quite ethereal. Take chips of warlike fever—the Soudan— Ricardo's horse marines who never ran; The Easter camp, with hopes that foe attacks land, The queer recall, from North, of Colonel Blaxland; Some resignations, points of etiquette, To see which officer command should get. Take hunks of the Blue Ribbons now about; Get all the Licensed Victuallers to shout; We must include, of course, the City Fathers, And knead them well, too, into doughy lathers; Salvation Army, too, though I've eschewed it, I really must this Pudding in include it; Some lambing down; a bit of Russian scare; New Guinea exploration must be there— The Geographical Society; M'lver ; Gold-finding Kerry with his cheerful guyver; Bold Captain Everill and the Bonito, On River Fly, was bit by a mosquito; And now they're back, just note down with a quick nick, No expedition their's, but just a picnic. They've brought back some few beetles, if you please, And bugs; still they must go with these, and these Must all go in the section of New Guinea; The Eight Hours' move and jolly old Tom Finney; In fact, all matter that is aught of worth, Has, in this Christmas Pudding, primal birth. Matters all critical, matters political, Matters that some people call Jesuitical; Diners here know shall, matters all social, Banquets and balls, and ladies' back-falls, Moon promenades, gay masquerades ; I'll be a hollerer, smallpox and cholera ; Dispersing the blacks, away in back tracks; The murder of whites in sneaking blacks' fights; The best news about on sea or on dry land, The row between Chester and gay Thursday Island ; The ball of the Deutschers, the ball of the Rovers, The merry football and cricketing overs; Toowoomba in carnival at that season when is The annual struggle with Brisbane at tennis; The fun at the Staffthorpe rail demonstration; On account of a brewery, Townsville's elation; The Toowoomba and Warwick's two Bachelor Balls, And all that each festive occasion recalls; The National Show, Dr. Kesteven's go, When he tried arbitration and found it too low; (The subscriptions, dear readers, are coming in slow, I mean those for the much injured Doctor, you know;) The late Cunnamulla queer Breach of Promise case; The old Tontine swindle I managed to trace; The "Turf Consultation" a similar swindle, Was all wraggled out on the turns of my spindle; No one can deny it that Bowen's still quiet, While Cairns has been full of fun and festivities, For which the residents there have proclivities; Peak Downs, quite an old field, has been strangled as goldfield, And Clermont and Copperfield are not now a topper field; But the Mt. Perry "prospecks," believed to be loss specks, Are turning out better than ever they thought them. So Billy Smyth said when the samples he sought them; You've heard of, of course, the wreck of Cahors, And the Marybro' Rail stew, which was such a to-do, That they hardly know now where the line will go through; And the ball, oh! such dashers! of the Thursday Isle, mashers; And you've heard of the yarn nival of the gay Mackay carnival; And the gay old Saturnians of the Warwick Hiber nians ; And you know that in London we hold a position; In what's styled the Colonial and Ind. Exhibition; And there must be prates of new syndicates In this Pudding of mine which nearly awaits ; And the tricks of those gay gents, the town labour agents , And Hansen's law prank with the New South Wales Bank; The Commercials'—the rowers—gay annual ball, And the Glasgow Reunion (not mentioned at all!) And you've all read about, if you've unwound my spools, The rows going on at the town Grammar Schools; There's jumping Mt. Morgan (it's been in my " organ "); And there's been a big lob on its mate Callan's Knob, Though some people say 'twas a deuce of a-job; And now I will hike up the late cabbies' strike, To dump in the Pudding wherever you like; How the Admiral Beattie was getting unsweetie, But had to give in to the clamour and din; But I have forgotten the Ipswich Hibernians, Who drank at their ball fine champagnes and falernians; And I should really and truly be awfully trembly, If I had omitted the Brisbane Assembly. I'm sure that the Pudding would have jumped from the pot, And fallen to pieces and spoilt the whole lot. In matters of sporting, I'd do some cavorting, And here would repost the action of Jost, Who helped all the "books " With his Elsinore roast. Don't put yet the dish up, for there's the new Bishop, And, oh! and, indeed, there's a terrible schism, All about some new wave of supposed Ritualism. So take up things clerical, matters chimerical, Things that are social and sometimes hysterical, Everything handy you think there's some good in, And plump it at once in this fine Xmas Pudding. Then stand round the board, while the bard goes on strike, And cut in the Pudding wherever you like; If you have still your doubts, why I hasten to ease you, You will each of you find many morsels to please you, If you dine, then, with me, there cannot be question, You never will afterwards have indigestion. 