CONGLOMERATIONS. Our readers were invited to supply for publication "Conglomerations," in accordance with the following conditions:—1. The poems may be on any subject, and in any measure. 2. The selected words to be used in any order—i.e., not necessarily in the same consecutive order in which they are arranged. 3\. At least as many selected words are to be used as one-half of the number of lines in the verses in which they are embodied. The selected words ware Gate, Gentle, Ghost, Glitter, Grain, Grave. We publish the following this week:— The pale swept onward in its wrath, and man The impotent, in sympathetic awe, Heart-stricken bowed his head, as now his fields Of golden grain before tbe rushing blast Bent down to earth in semi-conscious fear. Without crim desolation reigned supreme; Within its dread authority was felt. But see! the storm has passed, and lo ! the sun With gentle ray illumes the smiling earth, And all things glitter with his radiant beams. Thus, when in dreams some ghost our hearts appal Fresh from the grave we wake, and, lo! 'tis day. CLERICUS. I slept, but not the gentle sleep Of innocence and peace profound; I wept, yet wherefore should I weep? Why should a phantom thus my heart astound ? Methougfat I heard a dismal sound— Methought I saw my landlord's ghost Point to my grave, and then a host Of mail-clad warriors compassed me around. Methought I saw each shield and spear Upraised and glitter round my head. _ Was it a dream? The pale I fear Destroyed my grain aud filled my heart with dread. COCKATOO. . Glitter will rhyme with bitter, grain with rain Qentle with mental, gale with sail and hail; Ghost with both host and post • and then again With grave we couple cave. So ends my tale. SCHOOL BO ABB EDUCATION.—Whatever may be said as to the propriety of imparting knowledge of Scripture in Board schools, it cannot be denied that the following answers, said to have been written b; Metropolitan School Board pupils in answer to questions put to them by Government inspectors, indicate a. somewhat mixed idea of the facts:— "Who was Moses7' "He was an Egyptian. He lived in a hark made of bullrushes, and he kept a golden carf and worshipt braizen snakes and he net nothin but qwahles and manner forty years. He was kort by the air of hissed while ridin under a bow of a tree and he was killed by his eon Abslom as he was hanging from the bow. His end was peace." "What do you know of the patriarch Abraham?" "He was the father of Lot and had tew wives. Wun was called Hismale and tother Havgur. Be kep wun at home and he' hurried the totner into the desert, where she became a pillow of salt in the daytime and a pillow of fire at nite." " Write an account of the Good Samaritan." " A certing man went down from jerslam to jerriker and he feld among thawns and the thawns sprank up and choaked him. Wareupon he gave tuppins to the hoast and said tak care on him anputnimon his hone bass. And he passed by on the hother side." It is difficult to say whether the Scripture knowledge or the orthography stands out most re* eplendently in these examples. During the first months of the " late unpleasantness" (that is the term now applied to the terrible civil war by our Yankee cousins) a Federal colonel, noticing that the sentinel in front of his tent omitted the usual salute due to his rank, called him to account. "See here, colonel," replied the soldier, " what good does it do you to have me present arms every durned time you take a notion to cross my heat ? Ain't you kinder putting on airs T A recent advertisement contains the following :— " If the gentleman who keeps the shoe-store with a red head will return the umbrella of a young lady with whalebone ribs and an iron handle to the slate-roofed grocer's shop, he will hear of something to his advantage, as tbe same is the gift of a deceased mother now no more with the name engraved upon it." Nailing Her Colour. —Sir George—" Dreadfully annoying, Is it not, my lady] They have scratched my horse at the last moment." My Lady—" Nails, I suppose ? How carelees of the grooms 1 Why, if I'd valuable horses like you, Sir George. I'd have the stables padded like first- class railway carriages." 