THE PICTÜBS. I (Continuei.\ Chaftbe m. " What I took to be the champion's brains flew horribly before the discharge ; the air was all «moke, a heavy body rushed between the Marquis and me, and drove us apart, and the door of the condemned passage was Blammed. M. De Groucy strode into the room ; I followed him. The iimoke began to clear, and all things were visible as in a mist —patches of hair. Abated about, mowed by the bullet off the champion's skull. " Irène leaned against the mantel-piece white BB a ghost; but only her body crouched, and that not much ; her haughty head was j erect, and her eyes faoed us, shining -euper* naturally. The Marquis, stout as he was, sank into a chair-and trembled. " 'How did that man get in here?'said he, ! hoarsely. '"I let him in bv the condemned door,' said she, pale but unflinching. ' Can not you see that I love him.' " ' You love that canaille I' groaned the Marquis. " ' I love that young man, because lie is a man, and has all the virtues that belong.to his humble condition. He earns his bread, and I Bhall be proud to earn mine with him. But it is you and this gentleman who have hastened things ; you were forcing me and hurrying me into a marriage without love. No misery, no degradation, oan equal that. That is why I called him to my aid. I placed myself under his protection.' " 'I will kill him,' said the Marquis to me, With deadly calmness. "She came forward directly and folded her arms before him. ' Then you will kill my honor ; for he is my lover j I belong to him.' "At that audacious avowal the Marquis rose like a tower and lifted his hand to fell her to the earth. But he did not strike her. Better for her perhaps if he had ; for wordB can be more terrible than blows. " 'Since you can fall no lower,'said he, ' marry your peasant, and live on his dung hill with him. You are no child of mine. I banish you, and I disown you, and may God's curse light on you and him for ever I' " Then for the first time her proud bead drooped upon her hand, and that hand upon the mantel-piece'. ' You will forgive me one day,' she murmured, faintly. " ' Forgive you ?' said he, with unutterable scorn ; * I shall forget you. You are no more to me now than the dirt I walk-on. Come, my son, my only child.' He took my hand and drew me away. He never looked back ; but I cast one long, miserable glance on her whom it was my misery to love and hate. Her white wrist rested on a high chair, her head was bowed, yet her fearless eyes did not turn from us. She was beautiful as she stood there half cowed by a father's curse ; as beautiful as she had been in her scorn, in her ire, and in her happy reveries when her lips parted with that happy smile, and a tender fire glowed in her dewy eyes." Whilst the narrator paused, and we sat silent looking at the picture, Suzon came hurriedly in, with teare in her eyes, and told the curé Catherine was very ill indeed, and begging to see him. IJe rose directly and accompanied her. "You had better sleep here," said my uncle; "your bed is always ready, you know." " With pleasure," said he. As soon as the door had closed on him I remarked, rather peevishly, that I never knew an interesting story allowed to proceed without a whole system of interruption. The elders smiled at my impatience. M. De Pontarlais suggested that perhaps I felt those interruptions more than others. My uncle said, "We must take good men as they are, and thank God for them. I have known him fourteen years, yet never once to neglect a sick person for any personal gratification whatever." Then, I remember, I was half ashamed of myself, and said I venerated the good curó and loved him dearly, aud if ho would stay with Catherine, well and good ; but he would be coming back in a few minutes, and it was this perpetual va- et-vient that was breaking my heart and the thread of the only beauti ful story I had ever heard told by word of mouth. "Calm yourself, my young friend," said Monsieur De Pontarlais ; "my story is neaily ended. " The Marquis compelled me to leave him, after a while, and seek repose. I could not find it ; I raged with fury ; I sickened with despair ; I loved and I hated. This is the world's hell. "The first thing next morning Mademoi selle Donon come to the Marquis and nie, in tears, and told us she had heard all, but im Ïlored us not to believe one word againBt róne's honor. She could only, until that fatal night, have spoken to the man at the village fêtes, or from the balcony of the parterre, forty feet above the ground. ■ Poor inexperienced girl,' said she, 1 how should she measure her words ? She did not know what she wa3 saying.' " 'The pupils of Rousseau have not much to leaia,' was the grim reply. " The next minute Pierre came in and told us mademoiselle had left :the house with a bundle in her hand, aud dressed like a pea sant girl. I started up ; but the Marquis laid a hand of iron on me. ' Let her go, ' said he. ' Let her taint a peasant's home ; she shall not dishonor mine. Her own mother should not keep her if she was aliveand went on her knees to me.' " This was the end, I stayed that miserable day, and then the Marquis sent me borne. I told him that I should tell my father our tempers were irreconcilable, his daughter's and mine. "'What I tell a lie about her ?'said the iron noble. ' Tell the truth, my son, and re tain my love. ' " Well, that diffioulty was solved for me. I reached home in a.high fever, and it soon settled on my brain, and I was insensible for weeks. "I recovered.slowly, and it was many months ere I could walk. Ah, fatal beautyl you nearly killed two men : the blackguard you adored with all those queenly airs of yours—a bullet grazed his skull and ploughed his hair to the roots ; and all through you the gentleman you deBpised lay at death's door many a day." Our friend the curé came in as these wordB were spoken. He looked very grave, and said that he must etay the night. Catherine was, ho feared, .a dying woman. She was asleep just now, but a sleep of utter exhaus tion. ' ' ■ ; My uncle waB much concerned. He got up directly to go and see bis fathful servant, ana the story was interrupted again, as I had fore seen, and the conversation turned on poor Catherine and her humble, virtuos till ray uncle returned, looking very glum. Then Suzon came in hearing a huge Bilvor bnwl, and this was speedily filled with wine, sugar, lemon and spices—a delicious and fragrant compound. It was ladled out in our glasses, and under itB influence I took courage, auil implored tlio Count to finish the story. He consented at once, but said it would have little interest for me now, since the principal figure had dis appeared, "I lay a long time between life and death, and even when I was oat of danger my mind WaB confused and troubled. However, by degrees I recovered a certain dogged calm of : mind, and, indeed, since then I observed in i other victims of the tender passion that a! brain-fever from disappointed love cither kills the body or cures the heart. "My long and dangerous illness waB. followed by a period of bodily weakness,. during which those about me seemed leagued ' together to know nothing about the family of : De Groucy. No doubt they had their orders. Y ■ ™í • "V ; . , -■■ ■. , {%■ " AlSastSwing powistTonger, I ■ásked jny farçfletyWith feigned ¿omiosure, if lie «till corrkspooaed with' myjearfriend the Marquis de Groucy. - " ' Yet, my sou,' was his reply. ' He is in England. He hue «old his property und emi grated^ He 'Camerera -on hi«*pay, «nd wept over you ; but you did not know him.' This made my tear« flow. After a while I said, ' Father, ehe whom I loved so dearly—ob, father, I can bear anything now ¡ tell 'me. Herrpwn parent has abandoned her, bat-ppr?. h&ps; she has' borné to .her senses, andorily needs a friend tosavehèr from;that wretch.' " 4 Frederick,' «aid my father, firmly,- ' be a,man ; forget that woman. She iá not worth. a thought. She -has cho»en her d unghill *, let. her lie on it.'. Then, an I persisted.in begging: him to tell me something about her, he said/ ' I will tell you this much ; you have no be trothed, my poor friend has no daughter,, and his noble race is extinct.' " After that I maintained a sort of sad and gloomy silenoe, and all those who really loved me flattered themselveg.I bad forgotten her ; but now, after so many years,.I own to you, Monsieur Frédéric, that her beauty and her voice and the love I had given her hannted' me, and were an obstacle to marriage, until" celibaoy became too fixed a habit. Even now, in the decline of life, my heart thrilled at the sudden sight of her shadow there, the'life like image of one I loved too well." This set us all gazing at the portrait, and the curé in particular got up and examined it. very closely, and with a puzzled air. But I still thirsted for more. "Surely," said I, "in the course of all these years, you muBt have heard something more about her ?" "Not a word." " Made some inquiries ?" " None." "At least, sir, you know whether she is alive or dead?" "No, I do not." Then I began to bemoan my ill fortune.: "Oh, sir,"8aidl, "when you began your beautiful story 1 felt sure 1 should hear all about her, and where she is now ; but you lost sight of her when she was no older than I am, and there you drop the curtain, arid all is dark. It is all over now ; nobody will ever tell me the story of her life ; nobody knows anything about her." "You are mistaken,"said the curé, gravely. " I know a great deal about her. " " Is it possible ?" I cried, wild with excite ment. " Oh, how fortunate 1 Ah, my dear friend, tell us all you know." "Not bo, Monsieur Frédéric. Imustnottell you what I know as her confessor and direc- ! tor, but I will tell you all that 1 have a right to tell. Alas I it is a short but terrible his tory. " Well, then, for many years before I came here I had a cure on the other side of. thé? mountains, and amongst my parishioners was a family of farmers called Flaubert. The head of it was a widow woman, who farmed a little freehold with great ability and keen ness, and kept the house with strict economy. She had two sons and their wives under the roof. " The -elder took after her, was prudent, laborious, and married a young woman who had a piece of land and a bit of money, and .was also a managing woman. She had two children, and no more. The.other son was a young man spoiled early in life by bis physi cal gifts. He was of colossal size, yet could run like a deer, and dance like a faun. A first-rate shot, a poacher, and the champion wrestler of the district. - Indeed,' he was called 'the champion ' even in his own family, and they were proud of him three or four times a year, when he brought home prizes from the fairs ; the rest of the time they blushed for him. This young man's wife was a person you could not fail to remark. Her: figure was stately and erect ; her carriage graceful. As to her face, it had not the bloom of youth and beauty which illumines, that lovely picture. Seven years of peasant life and the hot sun of Provence had tanned her neck and arms, and a discontented mind, which never looked to religion for comfort, had imbittered her very face. I remember that even then a deep Une crossed her fore head, and her.cheeks were hollow, compared with that plump beauty, and her throat was not a smooth column like that. But, now I think of it, her bands, though brown with exposure, were shapely, and not like a pea sant's, and her eyes and eyebrows were really superb, and her forehead and face were white and smooth as ivory. Yes, I can just be lieve that this picture was like her in the flower of her youth. Only, as I said before, when I first saw her she was hardened by labor, bronzed by the sun, withered, as I now learn, by a father's curse, and soured by in fidelity. " The Flaubert family lived a quarter of a league from the village, and I saw the wife Michel about, more than once, before I spoke to her. Her appearance and carriage were so striking that I made inquiries about her of the villagers with whom I had already made acquaintance. " 4 Oh ! the fair peasant !' said one. ' The countess !' said another, .in coarse derision of her superior ; and they told me she was the daughter of a red-hot aristo, who had fled to England because she married a peasant for love. They gave me plenty of details, and you would smile if you beard the vulgar romances each narrator constructed on her true story, which, nevertheless, was romantic enough. 44 The widow and her eldest daughter at tended mass, and I conversed with them. In due course I asked the widow if she had not another daughter-in-law. "The two' women looked at each other and shrugged their Bhoulders. 4 Yes, I have, sir,' said the widow,4 to my misfortune.' 414 Shall I not see her at mass ?' " 4Let us hope not; for ehe would only come to yawn or to mock. She is a pagan, I believe, amongst her other qualities.' " 4 Perhaps she attends to the home whilst you are out.?' 4,4 She attend to the home.?' and both women laughed heartily at the. idBa—so heartily that the younger thought it neces sary to make an apology. The elder chimed in and said, in the sly way of a Provencal peasant, 4 If her outside has interested M. le curé, I can give him a picture of her this mo ment. She is sitting over my fire, burning her petticoat, with her hands lolling by her sides, making useless embroidery, or else'in a pure reverie. As for her household occupa tion, she is either letting the pot boil over or get cold. I could not swear which ; 'tis but one or t'pther,' "Of course I checked theBe remarks, and lectured upon Christian charity. My dis course was received with respectful silence, but my hearers seemed turned into-wood. "Some.dayB after this I was caught in a heavy rain, and the nearest shelter was the farm-house of the Flauberts. I knocked at the door ; no notice was taken ; I knockcd again; a light footstep, and the door.was opened by Madam Michel. She did not re ceive me hospitably. She said, in broad Pro vencal, 'There is nobody in the house,'and she held the door in her hand. Then I tried her in French. 4 Madam,' said I, 41 am wet. through, and if I could, without incommod ing you—1 4 4 4 Do me the honor to come in,' said she, with perfect accent and the mpst graceful courtesy. She seated me by the fire, and we entered into convocation. I believe weQon versed about triñes, and I could not help ad miring hcrgraocand courteny,and the French language, the language of politeneBB, which had at once recalled her to her native good breeding. She spoke it exquisitely, not withstanding the little use she now made of it. " I forgot all our small-talk ; but I re member at last that she fixed her eyes full upon mine and said, 4 Monsieur, why aid you speak to me in French?' 1 ¡y, 11 ' -- == I answered her honestly,, and withjpme enjotion. ' Bscause, madam, .Xlknciwyó^r ■tffiry Iront others ' (her pale bhtak^loiyd ft that), 'add, to be (jaite frank, I«j|]g&Jiere; hoping, byiny-advice and authority, to make matters smoother and more pleasant in this house.' " ' You would but waste your, time,* said she. 'These people hate me with'all thëir' hearts, and I despise them with all my soul. ,Matters have come to such'a pitoh that we ¡endure each other onlyJbeoause we are about to part. My husband is heir to a small sum ¡of money, and he has purohaaedaoott&geand; ;a few aores, that are sold very cheap, belong ing tó an émigré. We .shall dovery well when '.we are alone. I " ' You have my best wishes,' eaid I ; * but il am afraid you .arp too. little -accustomed to [the hard life of a working farmer ; andeven ¡your husband has never learned to dig and ¡mow and labor like his brother ; his tastes ¡appear to be for pastimes and games and—' I "'You need not mince the matter,'said' jehe ; ' he is lazy, and, worse still, be is fond' of drinking and gambling. Bat it is all bis {mother's fault, with her weak indulgence ; •and now she encourageB him to desert his (home out of her jealousy of me. Once I get i him away from this vile woman he will stay ;beside me, and lead an honest, industrious life, as I shall for hissake.' " I knew Michel was hardened in his ill ^habits, and that love could not convert him. ! without religion. I thought it my duty to tell her so. The woman froze directly, and '{when I urged my views Bhe encountered me ¡with all the cold infidelity and satire of thy' ¡unhappy age. She was armed at all pointa ■by Messrs. Volney, D'Alembort, Voltaire, gand others, and by her own self-confidence. ISo I told her I would not argue with her, but ¡pray for her. j '"Do you believe prayers are heard ?' Baid ¡she, ironically. ! "I told her I thought earnest prayers were jalwayB heard, and sometimes granted, i " ' Well,' said she, ' the most earnest iprayer I ever heard was when my own father ¿cursed me and my husband. Will God grant jthat?' i " ' Not against your souls,' said T. j " She shrugged her shoulders, as much as !to say the exoeption was of very little value; iand I left the house defeated and sad." : " And I answer for it you kept your word, and pittyed ^or-^hiB-perTerse creäture,' said my unclel* " ' Withall my heart and soul, ' replied the good curé. (Té be continual.) ] 