A STUDY OF BALAAM. [From the Literary World.] Dr. Samuel Cox has written a very careful and. singularly interesting monograph on Balaam. It is a well-nigh perfect model of a Biblical exposition and study. To such per sons as are not specially given to a painstaking study of the Scriptures, Balaam might not perhaps seem to be a fascinating theme: but we will vouch for it that any intelligent reader of the Bible will be delighted with Dr. Cox's book. We may express the hope that this prince of expositors may be enabled to render such good service as this to real Biblical study for many years to come. Balaam has been a subject or much enouiry and investigation on the part of such eminent divines as Cardinal Newman, Bishop Butler, the Rev. F. D. Maurice, the Rev. F. W. Robertson, and Dean Stanley. Dr. Cox says that whatever lie has found to be most helpful and suggestive in their treatment of the " enigmatical figure of the Chaldean prophet"—he has " woven, with due acknowledgment," into his own work. By so doing, he has produced a book which "null be found usefid to those who wish to acquaint themselves with the best that has been thought and written on a confessedly difficult problem." Dr. Cox's great success in this particular exposition is in great measure owing to the methods of enquiry which he has adopted. These, he be lieves, lead to "a truer solution of the pro blem, and a more adequate conception of this great but most unhappy prophet. He ob serves that, so far as he knows, up to this time no English scholar has collected "to gether all the scriptures that relate to Balaam —scriptures much more numerous than is commonly supposed—and studied them in the light of the new modern learning." It is manifest that only by a careful statement of the facts of the case can the character of Balaam be rightly considered and fairly adju dicated. The second method of enquiry which our author has deliberately applied to the history and character of this " unhappy prophet" is the comparative method. He, therefore, places him "alongside of other faulty, or even guilty propliets, men such as Jacob, Saul, Solomon, Jonah, Caipahas, &c.;, who, though they, too, were at times moved by the Holy Ghost, nevertheless fell under the dominion of divers lusts, as degrading, if not as fatal, as those by which he was carried away captive." In respect to the facts of the case, Dr. Cox begins with a reference to what he calls " The Chronicle of Balaam" in the Book of Numbers. He suggests the following ingenious specu lation as to the way in which this chronicle finds a place in the Pentateuch. " We are told (Numbers xxxi. 8) that, together with five Midianite chiefs, Balaam . was taken prisoner by the Israelites, and put j to ' a judicial death' after the battle had been I fought and won; and judicial death implies seme sort of trial. And what more natural than that Balaam should plead in his defence the inspirations he had received from Jehovah, and the long series of blessings he had pro nounced on Israel when all liis interests, and perhaps all his inclinations, prompted hiin to curse them ? Such defences in the East were commonly autobiographical. Even St. Paul, when called upon to plead before kings and governors, invariably told the story of his life | as his best vindication. And if Balaam, j called upon to plead before Moses and the elders, told the story we now read in his chronicle—what a scene there was there! What a revelation his words would convey to the leaders of Israel of the kindness of God their 'Saviour, of the scale on which His pro vidence works, and of the mystery in which it is wrapped to mortal eyes! So, then, God had been working for them in the mountain of Moab, and in the heart of this great diviner from the East, and they knew it not! Knew it not ? nay, perhaps were full of fear aud dis trust, doubting whether even He Himself were able to deliver them from the perils by which they were encompassed! As Balaam un folded his tale, how their hearts must have burned within them—burned with shame as well as with thankfulness—when they heard of interposition after interposition on their behalf of which up till now they had been ignorant, and for which at the same time, per chance, they had not ventured to hope. Balaam may well have thought that such a story as this would plead for him more effectually than any other defence he could make. And, 110 doubt, it did plead for him; for we all know that it is when our hearts have been touched by some unexpected mercy that they are most easily moved to pity and forgiveness ; it miriit even have won him absolution but for that damning sin, of which nothing is said here— the infamous counsel he gave to the daughters of Midian, which had deprived Israel of four-and-twenty thousand of its most serviceable and precious lives._ Even with that crime full in their memories it must have cost Moses and the elders much, one thinks, to condemn to death the man who had told them such a story as this. On no other hypothesis can we so reasonably ex plain, I think, how Israel became possessed of the stoiy recorded in the chronicle uf Balaam." It is our author's belief that we get from this chronicle the most favorable representation of Balaam. The information derived from other portions of the Old Testament, and from some brief passages jn the New, presents him to us in a darker light. We are cautioned against allowing our minds to read the impressions derived from these latter sources into the story of the chronicle. " It is not by making him all bad, or all good, that we shall solve our problem, though tliis is how too many have tried to reach a solution. It is the mixture of good and bad in the man which constitutes the problem, which makes him so interesting to us, and so perplexing." Many orthodox interpreters fall into the unwarrantable error of supposing that he was an unmitigated villain. On the other hand, Rationa lists cut the knot instead of untying it, when they take out of the narrative everything which clashes with a conception of Balaam as a prophet of the purest and noblest type. The prophet is introduced to us as the head of the " Prophetic College of Pethor, 011 the Euphrates, where men from many lands gathered to study under him the arts of divination and enchantment." It is admitted by Dr. Cox that he was a soothsayer; but he scouts the idea of his having been a vulgar impostor, and claims that the Bible lends no countenance to this theory. God has used very imperfect instruments for the expression of His mind and will in all ages. Sustaining, while he exhibits, the view given of Balaam in Mr. Maurice's "Patriarchs of Israel"—he remarks that " It is not by denial that Balaam was a true and even a great prophet, nor by denying that he meant and tried to use his high prophetic gifts for noble ends, that we reach the true lesson of his life." The difficult incident of the speaking of the ass is grappled with in a very wise and sensible manner. Dr. Cox does not attach nearly so much importance to this subject as many have done. We quote some of his words:— "For myself, indeed, I care very little what interpretation may be placed on this singular passage in Balaam's story, and would as soon believe that the mouth of the dumb ass was really opened to utter articulate human words as that Balaam's sensitive and practised ear heard these words into his groans and cries. I would say, with F. D. Maurice, ' How the dumb ass rebuked the madness of the prophet I know not, nor care to know. But I believe that whatever sounds it uttered they did con vey exactly that meaning to the nnnd of the prophet which it is said that they conveyed. He felt that the instinct of a brute was made the instrument of teaching him, that what he would not learn by gracious inward discipline was brought home to him by rough, humiliat ing outward discipline. I feel too deeply the essential veracity of the story to be troubled with minute questions about its details.' And hence I do not need to say, with Ewald, ' A beast is often more sagacious and foreboding than an obdurate man'; or, with Keil, ' That animals have a perception of the abnormal and even of the supernatural, is the popular belief of all ages.' I could be content with Robertson to pass it by with the curt paren thesis, ' The intervention of the ass, whether literal or figurative;' or even to pass it by, as Bishop Butler did, without a single word. For, after all, what does it matter what we do with it, how we read it ? Get rid of the speaking ass if you will; you do not thereby get rid of the speaking angel. Aud if, as I suppose, the angel stood as high above the prophet as the ass stood below him on the scale of being, the question how the angel could so speak as that Balaam should under stand him, is to the full as difficult and per plexing as the question which has been so long discussed—how the ass could so speak as to be understood by the prophet. Nay, if we are to talk of the difficulties of this ancient chronicle, who will explain how, in what form and method, God Himself came to Balaam at night, _ and said, ' Who are these men that are with thee?' or how the Spirit of God came upon him on the mountain, and opened his eyes to see the distant future, and taught his tongue to utter oracles, the full meaning of which he himself could not grasp. The story is full of miracles—miracles so strange, com plex, awful, that this poor wonder of the speaking ass sinks into utter insignificance, and one can only marvel how men should have been so profoundly impressed by this and yet so little moved by those. Nay, more, if we do but think of it, what—as Carlyle has asked—is the fact that man himself can speak, and speak with most miraculous organs, but a miracle?—this miracle of speech, too, running up into the still greater miracles of thougiit and life; all of them wonders which no advance of science is at all likely to explain, least of all that science which sees the promise and the potency of all things in an infinite cataract of infinitesimal atoms, and whose votaries "Hedge their minds by present tilings, The small parochial world Of sight and touch." As we have seen, Dr. Cox does not rank "the miracle of the speaking ass "'as among the greatest, but rather as one of tin least, of the many marvels of this auqient chronicle. He discusses the great mystery of necessity and freewill, "against which men have bruised their brains for the last four thousand years," when he considers the circumstance "that1 God permitted His servant to go on an errand 011 which He had forbidden him to go, and was. then displeased with him for availing himself of that permission." This circum stance has often staggered the readers of the narrative ; but, as our author observes, such a difficulty is not peculiar to the Bible, " but meets us at every step we take, and pervades the whole structure of human life." No thoughtful person can resist the the conclusion to which a question of Dr. Cox's conducts us— that, if the Bible is to reflect human life fairly, and to ex plain its true significance to us, it must record this perplexing element in our existence, and tell us what it means. We think that the result of this careful and thoughtful study of Balaam i3 — as Dr. Cox expresses it—"to bring out his features more clearly, to cast higher lights and deeper shadows upon them, and to define and enlarge our conceptions of them—both of the good and the evil qualities of the man; The problem of liis character, how a good man can be so bad, and a great man could be so base —has not yet been solved ; we are as far per haps from its solution as ever; but something —much—lias been gained if only we have the terms of that problem more distinctly and fully before our minds." In the third part of£the work Dr. Cox applies the comparative method (to which we have referred) to the history and character of Balaam. This portion of his work is interesting, but is not, perhaps, as cogent as some portions of it undoubtedly are. The lessons which are suggested as arising out of this study are important for us all to consider, and for preachers to enforce and illustrate. In every respect the book is worthy of its author's high capacity for a philosophical treatment of such subjects, and of his re putation for exegetical learning and skill. It will take its place among the best monographs arising out of Biblical study. 