THE LEAVENWORTH CASE. XXXVIII. vrnvr. mMimssimj. This vision had a tremendous effect upon me:,, ,,Wasit,a, premonition ? a forewarning of the way in, which I was to win this coveted creature for my own ? Was the death of her uncle the bridge that was to span the impassable gulf between us ? I began to think it might be j to consider the possibilities which could make this the only, path to my elysiuni; even went so far as to1 picture her lovely face bending gratefully to'wardB me through the glare of a . sudden release from some emergency in which she stood. One thing-,was>sure; if that was the way I must go, I had at least been taught how to tread it; and all through the dizzy, blurred day that followed, I saw as I sat at my work, repeated visions of that stealthy, purposeful figure stealing down the stairs and entering with uplifted pistol into the unconscious presence of my employer. I even found myself a dozen times1 that day turning my eyes upon the door through which it was to come, wondering how long it would be before my actual form would pause there. That the moment was at hand I did not imagine. Even when I left him that night after drinking with him the glass of sherry mentioned at the . inquest, I had no idea the hour of action was so near. But when not three! minutes after going up stairs, I; caught the sound of a lady's dress rustling . through thej hall, and listening, heard Mary L'ea.venwprth pass my door on her way, to the library, I realized that the fatal hour was come; that something was going to be said or done in that room which would make this deed necessary. What ? I determined to ascertain. Casting about in my mind for. the means of doing so, I remembered that the ventilator run ning up, through the house, opened first into the passagei way connecting Mr. Leavenworth's bedroom and library, and, secondly,, into the closet of the large spare room adjoining: mine. Hastily unlocking the door of the cpmmunication between the, rooms,<T T.tcfak my, j position . in the closet.' Instantly the sound, of voices reached my ears; all was,.open below- and standing there, I was as much an auditor of what went on' between Mary and her uncle as if I were'in the library itself. And ..what did I hear? ^Enough to' assure me my sus picions \yere'correct ; that it was a moment of vital interest to her; that Mr. Leaven worth, in pursuance of a threat evidently made some time (since, rwas inJ thel act of taking steps to change his will, and that she had come to make an:appeal to!be for given her fault' and: restored |to .his'favor. What that fault was, I/did. not learn; No mention was made of Mr. Clavering as i lifer , husband. ,. I only heard her 1 declare - that her action had been! the result ^bf ifripulse rather than'love,' that she regretted,, it,and desired' nothing more than to be free,from all obligations to one she'would fain forget, and be/again to >her uncle what she was before she ever 'saw this man.'r I thought, fool that I was, it was a mere engagement she was alluding to, 'and; took the insanest hope from* these words; and when in a moment later I heard her uncle reply in his sternest tone, .that she had irreparably for feited her claiines to his regard and favor, I did not need her short and bitter cry of shame and disappointment, or that low moan forsome one to help her, to sound his death knell in my heart. Creeping back to my own room I waited till I heard her reascend, then I stole forth. Calm as I had ever been in my life, I went down the stairs just as I had seen myself do in my dream, and/knocking lightly at the library door, went in. Mr. Leavenworth was sitting in his usual place writing. ' Excuse me,' said I, as he looked up, ' I have lost my memorandum book and think it possible that I may have dropped it in the passage-way when I went for the wine.' He'bowed and I hurried past him into the closet. Once there, I proceeded rapidly into the room beyond, procured the pistol, returned, and almost before I realised what I was doing, had taken up my position behind him, aimed and fired. The result was what you know. Without a groan his head fell forward on his hands, and Mary Leavenworth was the virtual possessor of the thousands she coveted. My first thought was to procure the letter he was writing. Approaching the table I tore it out from under his hands, looked at it, saw that it was, as I expected, a summons to his lawyer, and thrust it into my pocket to gether with the letter from Mr. Clavering which I perceived lying spattered with blood on the:table before me. Not till this was done did I think of myself or remember the echo which that low, sharp report must have made in the house. Dropping the pistol at the side of the murdered man, I stood ready to shriek to any one who entered, that Mr. Leavenworth had killed himself. But I was saved from committing such a folly. The repdrt had not been heard, or if so, had evidently failed to create an alarm. No one came, . and I was left to contemplate my work undisturbed, and decide upon the best course to avoid detection. A moment's study of the wound made in his head by the bullet, convinced me of the impossibility of passing the affair off as a suicide, or even the work of a burglar. To any one versed in such matters it was manifestly a murder, and a most deliberate one. My one hope, then, lay in making it as mysterious as it. was deliberate, by destroying all clue to the motive and manner of the deed. Picking up the pistol, 1 carried it into the other room with the intention of cleaning it, but finding nothing there to do it with, came back for the handkerchief which I remem bered having seen lying on the floor at Mr. Leavenworth's feet. It was Miss Iileanore's, but I did not know it until I had used it to clean the barrel; then the sight of her initials in one corner so shocked me, I for got to clean the cylinder, and nly thought of how I could do away with this evidence of her handkerchief having been employed for a purpose so suspicious. Not daring to carry it from the room, I sought for means to destroy it, but finding none, compromised the matter by thrusting it deep down be hind the cushion of one of the chairs in the hope of being able to recover it some time next day, when an opportunity would be given to burn it. This done, I reloaded the pistol, locked it up, and prepared to leave the room. But here the horror which usually, follows such deeds, struck me like a thunderbolt/ and made me for the first time uncertain in my action. I locked the door on going out, something I should never have done if I had been in the full possession of my faculties. Not till I reached the top of the stairs did I realize what I had done, and then it was too late, for there before me, ; candle in hand, and surprise written on every feature of her face, stood Hannah, one of the servants, looking at me. ' Lor, sir,' she cried, but strange to say, in a low tone, ' where have you been ? You look as if you had seen a ghost.' And her eyes turned?, suspiciously to the key which I held in my hand. I felt as if someone had clutched., me round the throat. Thrusting the Key:into my pocket. I took a step , towards her.'" >' I will tell you what I have seen if you will come down stairs,' I.whispered :the ladies will • be'disturbed* if we 1 talk""h'ere,' and smoothing my browr as ifaest,:I could, I put out my hand and drew her . towards, me. What my motive was I hardly knew; the action was probably instinctive,) but whep I saw the look which came into her face as I touched her, and the alacrity with which she prepared to .follow,me,, Iv took courage,,res membering the' one ; or ' two previous tokens I had bad of this girl's unreasonable sus ceptibility, to, my influence ; a susceptibility which I now felt could be utilized and made to serve my purpose. Taking her down to the parlour floor, I drew , her; into/ the depths f of' the- -great drawing-room, and told her in; the least alarming way possible what had happened to Mr, Leavenworth. She was, of course, intensely agitated; but sheJ did not scream ; — the novelty of her position evidently awing her as much as it bewildered—and greatly relieved, I went on to say that I did not know who committed the deed, but that folks would declare it was I if they knew I had been seen by her on the stairs with the library key in my hand. ' But I won't telly' she whispered, trembling violently in her fright and eagerness. 'I will keep it to myself. I will say I didn't see anybody. But I soon { convinced her that she could never 'lceep her secret, if the police once began to question her, and following up my argument with a little cajolery, succeeded iafter a long while in winning her consent to leav^'the house till the storm should be blown over. But that given, it was some, , little time before I could make her com prehend that she must depart at once, and without' going back' after' her things.' Not, till' I brightened up her wits by a promise ' to marry heir some day, if she only obeyed me now, did she: begin to look the thing in-; the face and show any evidence of the real * mother wit she evidently possessed. ' Mrs1.1 Belden would take me. in,! said she,,,'ifili could only get to R—-. She takes every body in who asks her; and she would keep me, too, if fI Itold Her'Miss Marv sent me. But I can't get there to-night.' I immediately set to work to convince her that she could., r, The midnight train .did not leave the"city for a naif hour yet, and the distance to the depot could be easily walked by her in'fifteen minutes. But she had no money I I easily supplied that. And she was afraid she couldn't find her way! I entered (into ^minutest directions. She still hesitated;! but' at length consented'to go, and with'some further understanding of the'" method I was to employ in communicating" with her, we went down stairs. There we found a hat and shall of the cook's; which I put on her, and in another moment we were in the carriage-yard. ' Remember, you are to say nothing of what has occurred, no matter what happens,' I whispered in part- ; ing injunction as she turned to leave me. |' Remember, you are to come and marry me ' some day," she murmured in reply, throwing her arms about my neck. The movement was sudden, and it was probably at this time she dropped the candle she had held un consciously clenched in her hand till now. I promised her, and she glided out of the gate. |"T0 BE CONTINUED.] 