WASTE PAPER OF WILLS. It appears by the proceedings of the Church of England Synod, Moore College, Liverpool, is to be brought down to Sydney. This was proposed long ago, but was defeated. Now it seems to have been unanimously approved of. It would be only consistent to bring down Moore's vault and singular tablet erected \ to his wife's memory, and thus remove < every local vestige of the donor. The removal of the college deserves some further consideration. In the first place, the Church of England has a col lege with grounds, granted by the Gov ernment, already in Sydney, which hith-r | erto has neither been ornamental or I useful. If so, why add a second institii- I tion ? Why deprive the country district of the services of the students there, who perform divine Bervice in the neighbour- I hood ? Why break up these congregn- J tions, and leave the district a wilderness, H for the monopoly of this great Babel ? The I system there carried out is most practical | in training the student for the office of | the ministry by visiting the sick. In the I Asylum are 700 poor aged people. There I; are useful lectures, visitings, and other p works of the students, all to be left to p perish, while the great Babylon, with its | churches and various associations, is in I active life, to which the students can add | but little The loss will be serious on the | one side, and the benefit small on the f other. s The proposed change is founded upon . the belief that the seclusion of Livergool j is not beneficial to training the students ; ; but the fact is directly the opposite, that j the College there has produced some of our most active ministers now labouring in Sydney and the country at large. There they have an uninterrupted time of study, instead of all the excitement, of a city life — theatres, public houses, human degradation, and frivolity. The fascinations of Sydney are wonder fully great in attracting all kinds of popu lation into this great hive, some for pleasure, some for money making ; but for meditative men the very bustle is dis sipating and distracting. , . If poor old Moore's ghost ever visits Liverpool, it will be found: repenting ;of the gifts he made to the Church. -His last words —" I see who are my friendB " — may be truly emphasised, now that his will is disregarded. : M i i : ; The Eev. Richard Taylor and the' writer induced the old man to be a benefactor to the town he had lived in so long, 'by ap propriating his residence, &c.; , to a college and a public school ; and he certainly would have altered his will, making it more binding,' had ho lived longer. It is a most unjustifiable perversion of the tes tator's disposal, and will have the effeet "of making men cautious how they dispose of their property, when they see that their .wills are no better than a piece of waste paper. ' . j v' 1 We know . Hop Bitters are above and I beyondall as a nutritious tonic arid curative. j Genuine made by Am. Co. Read thoroughly j the I 