NO ALTERNATIVE. BY THE AUTHOR OF 'DENIS DONNE,' &C.; CHAPTER IX. — MR. DEVENISII ^EES A GHOST !. ' What a nuisance it is when a fellow gets out of training, isn't it ?' Jack Ferrier asked confidentially of Hartv, as they loitered about together. 'Now all these otiier fellows are as fresh as paint, and I'm dead beat ; shall you walk home ?' ' I'd just as soon walk as drive— with Mrs. Powers,' Harty replied, candidly ; ' but it isn't in die programme that we should walk ; ind Mrs. Powers is very kind to us in her way, and I shouldn't like to upset her arrangements ; we must go in die carriage, but — can't you come too?' ' I don't see why I shouldn't,' lie said, after weighing the matter in his mind for a. few moments ; ' tiiere's plenty of room ; Til give my gun to a keeper, and tell Powers ; Mrs. Powers won't object ?' 'Mrs. Powers won't object,' Harty assured aim meditatively. She was wondering whether Clande would object openly! Mrs. Powers she Felt very sure about That politely diplomatic Did lady would never under any circumstances throw any obstacle in die way of intercourse between Jack Ferrier and Harty. But if Claude-disliked it, and showed diat he disliked it, ' die carriage will go home without me, I know diat,' Harty thought. They were not very long in getting off after die luncheon. The men loitered about to see die ladies start, and as Harty was following Mrs. Powers and Mabel into the carriage. Jack Ferrier, after a word widi tiie keeper, said : ' Will you give me a lift home, Airs. Powers? I am rather knocked up.' «? Knocked up !' Claude repeated die words in an angry, questioning tone, and his face clouded ominously. But- Jack Ferrier either did not see these signs of displeasure, or else he saw fit to disregard them, for on -Mrs Powers acquiescing heartily to his request he got in by Harty's side without another word. 'Stop a minute,' Harty said, rather tremblingly, as she saw Claude turn iinpat tientiy away, instead of offering any assis ance in die arrangement of die rugs and die wraps. 'Stop a minute ; I must go to Groves's cottage to-day, and Pm so much nfearer inhere, dianl^hallbeif I drive back to the Court; drop me here, Mrs. Powers, please', and save me a long walk.' Claude paused to watch die result with a lighter brow, but he did not come back to help her out, and Mrs. Powers replied a litde dis contentedly : : ...... ' It seems to me diat you none of you know your own minds ; certainly I will leave you here if you wish it, Harry, but I should dunk your mission to die Groves's might be deferred till another dav.' Harty laughed and shook her bead. She knew diat it was rather a mission of mercy to herself Bnd Claude, diat she was about to perform, than to die Groves's. 'No, I won't change my mind again,' she said, and went off widi a light heart,' after a few whispered words from Claude to die effect diat it ' was very jroodofher.' The sportsmen went in one direction, the carriage took die homeward route, and Harty went away tiirough a woodland path to die by- lane where Groves's cottage was situated. It was a pleasant patii enough among die rustling leaves, and die girl was In a pleasant frame of mind. Tor inclinatiop'3iad ?prompted her to drive home, and listen to the wordVthat Jack Ferrier would have assuredly nave uttered, words diat were becoming insensibly more flattering day by. day. Inclination had. prompted her to do diis, and she felt as if ih$ had achieved a. triumph, in that die had not obeyed its dictates. . ''_ For a short distanceshe thought .of Claude, and Claude only. Of whether or not he would word his pleasure at her course, to her when they next met ? Of whether or not he would ever relax that obstinate adherence to a strong prejudice, which was die separating cause between diem now. Of whether or not ?his love for her was strong enough to. warrant her in clinging to it with ivy-like tenacity ? and as her droughts reached diis point, they fPEXe9S away from Clande suddenly, and fastened; themselves upon Jack Ferrier, and die mystery; that had been made about that lost brother?otl his. Some considerable portion of her path lay parallel widi die high-road, and for a while she heard die rumble of die wheels distintfly-g But byrand-bye, just before she reached; |he| point where the woodland path turned sharply off from die high-road, and ran down into die me?dows, die sonnd of the wheels peased, and she experienced a litde heart-damping, sudden ^ sense of loss of companionship. ' ' li ? Going down into die open now, at a slower pace, beginning to feel rather nhtyttain as' to what she really wanted to do or say.at Groves's cottage, when she got there, a conviction smote her that after all she had been rather foolish to walk. It looked like pointed avoidance' of Jack Ferrier, and the next most flattering tiling to pointedly seeking a man, is to pointedly avoid him. : ' Very likely he only got in to talk to Mab,' Harty thought ; ' every one who looks at her sweet eyes, and geatle mouth, must wish to talk to her ; of courser he can't help admiring Mab, and what a goose IVe been ;' and just as she thought this, she heard quick elastic steps behind her, and Jack Ferrier was by her side in a moment.- ? ? '-?'? ' Don't look frightened, nothing has hap qened,' he laughedas Harry turned a startled conscious gaze upon him, ' only I«membered that there's a good deal of cattle about in the meadows you have to pass through, and when I mentioned it, Mrs. Powers said she had an' idea diat you were awfully afraid of cows ; so I've followed you' to take care of you, you see.' The conscious liok deepened on Harly's face. She could not help it ! It was her nature to feel wickedly pleased diat this man was palpably running after her, although at die same time her heart was Claude's. Her heart was entirely Claude's; but her taste was pleased by this other one, her vanity was. gratified, her imagination was fired by a' desire to know how much he really liked her, and. how much of the show of it was the offspring of idleness and opportunity. Don't we all know something of die causes and motives that make a girl like Harty go on the way she' was predestined to follow ? So now in answer - to his explanatory remark, it was not surprising ' that she answered : ' I'm not a bit afraid of cows, and I never hinted to Mrs. Powers that I was ; but, all the same, I'm glad you are come.' ' Really ?' he asked, in a lowered voice. ' Really,' she answered, echoing his tone. Then she looked up with a little wistful ex pression of sympathy in his face, and asksd : '' Will you tell me your brother Frank's story = now, Mr. Ferrier ? Now, while we are alone, ' with no one to think you foolish for trusting me a stranger nearly, with it' They had slackened their pace since he came up, and now were sauntering very slowly. ' Look here,' he said, taking a locket from his chain and opening it. And as she stopped close by his shoulder to look as he desired, he showed her the painted photograph' of a young fair-headed man, whose mournful-looking blue eyes seemed to rivet themselves on hers with a sort of sad intelligence. 'That was poor Frank, my young half brother,' he said, gravely, ' die dearest, best young fellow in die world, I always believe.'- 'And he died?' Harty asked, half fear fully, feeling as if she were rending some veil asunder. 'Yes, 'he died.' Jack Ferrier's Voice'' quivered for a moment, then he added, ' he died by his own hand, poor boy, and his death kilied my mother.' ( To be continued. ) English war authorities oppose die accep tance of Australian and Canadian offers of volunteers. London Times remonstrates against offers of the other colonies bing refused after that of New South Wales has been accepted.' ' Iberia and Australasian chartered to convey New South Wales troops to Africa. A newspaper has been startea in America printed on cotton cloth. It is called the Pocket HandkercJiief, which title -at once explains the purpose for which it is to be put when intellectual demands have been satisfied. A New Year's card was displayed, more for fun than for sale, in the window of a stationer's shop in-Ludgate Circus, -consisting of-a'-smaH' piece of ordinary brown paper, widi the words ' Hard Times-! ! ! Wishing You a Prosperous New Year,' printed in .black ink. Several thousand \f ere sold within a week XD ?* -.. ► In America there is one daily paper for every ten thousand of population; in 'Great' Britain the average is one to about J20, 000 of __ population. In' Philadelphia there 'is some- '' thing like five-and-twenty two-cent daily papers. -.???:?; Flijes and Bogs, Beetles, insects J.^ roaches, ants, bed- bugs, rats, mice, gophers, : jack-rabbits, cleared out by ' Rough on Rats, Moses, Moss & Co., Sydney, General Agents^. 'Wells' Rough on Corns.' — Ask for.. Wells' ' Rough on Corns.' Quick relief,,'* complete, permanent cure.' Corns, warts, . bunions. Moses, Moss & Co,, Sydney. General Agents. .... - -- --— — ~ Fruit. — At this season of the .year, when 10 fresh fruit is -to be obtained, the productions -f the Angaston Preserving Combany aipply a'?:greaf wantjibeing equal .'(iu rkome cases, even superior) in flavour to the freshly gathered ?fruit.' ' 'Ask for die'^AngasfdnPre1 ' served Fruit in Syrup. All Storekeepers. -96 Strange Insubordination. — Who . has not experienced a sort of malady when all :ttie faculties seem in rebellion, and labour: is absolutely impossible ?. It ? is . a condition .of nerves and stomach and biain diat can only.be : cured by die use of diat irresistible remedy . Hop Bitters. Read.- - .. .:? ? ;.. -.-_? ??.; Skill in the Workshop.— To do good work die mechanic must have good health. -If ' long hours of confinement in close rooms have ; enfeebled his hand or dimmed bis sight,- Jet ' him at once, and before some organic trouble appears, take plenty of Hop Bitters. ; His ?. system will be rejuvenated, his nerves tuength * ened, his. sight -become dear, and 'the whefe : constitution be .built up 'to 'a higher ?worlriag^ condition.''; -Read. ? - ? ? / -'-: ?? :: '-?'-? ::'t -n: Holloway's . Ointment and — Pnxs. t Shortness of Breath, Wheezing; Coughs, kna;: Colds. — Thousands of testimonials can 'be' produced tojMroye thejrower. possessed Jy_^tijte_ corrective remedies in cases of asthma, incipient consumption, and all disorders: of the chest, lungs, andair passages. ~ The Ointment, well rubbed upon the chest_and back, penetrates the* pores of die skin, is absorbed and carried directly, to, the lungs, where, ^n.irnmediate contaet' w|th ihe- whole1 ^tna|s ,of kar(aHatHig blood.^it ^neutralises or exMlsithpseSiinptinM which are' die foundati6n*bf consumption, asthma, bronchitis, - pneumonia, and similar complaints. On the appearance jof-rthe- 'first threatening symptoms the back and chest' of die patient should be fomented widi warm brine, dried- withacqurseclo^ aBdSjUoyay's Ointment ^dJen* well faiubealn! ? Its absorption wil check and subdue. 