A Clerical Ghost Story. WVE have heard a ghost-story which we cordially recommend to the attention of the ingenuous members of the Society of Psychical Research. There is a certain well-known country house, in a certain English country, which has the advantage, or the disadvantage, as the case may be, of being haunted. Lately the house was rather full, and a visitor, a very )'emrinent Ldndon clergyman, was put into the famous haunted room. His host did not tell him of the fact that the room was 'haunted; thinking, no doubt,'that his religious clharacter would be a sufficient. guarantee against any disturbance of his slumbers through visits from the spirit world. At the same time he felt a little anxious, and was greatly relieved the next morning to find the reverend gentleman at breakfast with as cheery an air of successlnl slimbei-~as possible. The next morning, and the next, he came down with the same light hearted aspect which only those who.have enjoyed peaceful dreams can, wear. At.last the host thought he might safely mfentioni to. his clerical visitor that he had been sleeping in a hliaunted room, and congratulated him on. having seen nothing out .of the common. "Seen nothing!" replied the visitor. " Oh, stop a ,bit, though; I did see.something." There was a grave. siletice'rouihd 'the break .fast-table; i aIl clatte?r' iah'ishe'd asnd every eye -was turned upon the speaker. '!.Yes, yes, .-: of-:' course,"- the. clergyman ,resumed : "On the very first night which I pased here I was.wakened in the middle of the night by what seemed like a tou?i upon.my shoulder, and, on 16ooking up, 'I saw: 'the. figire, of a man in the -rbom.".,,Here,. to the ,intense horror of the whole company, -the clergyman, g?ve a very correct description of this par ticular apparition:whiich always honoured this room, withl its waniderinigs:" Hi-w'c culd yoiu be&a;> it .?":'!" What did 'you do'?" 'vere ques-. tions iwichi iinmediatly stcceded 'd i'n"the awe struck sie nce. Do ?" I ikf lied'<tie clergymani:. W', Why I, asked him; for a sub scription to my next Sunday-school- picnic, and the spectre vanished immediately." The host as .not; yet made up his mind whether he likes visitors: who treat ::his favourite phantoms in this off-hand manner.-The Whitehall Review. 