AN IDYLL OF DE ADMAN'S' FLAT. (Written for the Sydney Freeman's Journal.) Chapter I. The weary, muddy, abyss-studded bush road, intersected by stumps, logs, and dubious. agglome- rations of nondescript vegetation, dragged , its apparently interminable length up precipitous hills, down nerve-scaring, rugged dells, and over terrible looking creeks, spanned by roughly-made, corduroy bridges, until it reached a sehoolhouse, where it became rougher and more rugged than ever. The schoolmaster stood at the school door nibbling the end of a penholder, contemplating, with a far-away look, the black banks of clouds that floated portentously overhead; huge Titanic shadows of giants and demigods afar on the blue summit of Olympus, thousands and thousands of miles from our poor, sorrow-stained little planet. This schoolmaster was a pale, dreamy man, with blue eyes that never seemed to acknowledge the existence of what he gazed on. A yellow-haired young fellow, who possessed a great, colorless moustache, which was in mourshaven cheeks, like an ensign half mast high. About a stone's throw from the schoolhouse was located the residence of this young visionary. In sooth, a dreamy little house of sleep, surrounded by a desolate garden, in which struggled for existence a few shunted currant bushes, seemingly over- awed by the close neigh bourhood of the gigantic forest trees, which frowned down from their lofty, aristocratic eminence, any attempt at advancement or verdancy on the part of their plebeian brethren. The house and school were partially enclosed by a semi-circle of the densest forest growth, and fronted by the terrible, red-hued abyss, yclept, the three-chain road. Beyond the road stretched an enclosure, thickly timbered with dead and dying monarchs of the iorest, which settlers would have called a cultiva tion paddock, and the whole of this cheerful scene was bounded and shut in by the everlasting, dull, indigo line of interminable forest. The clouds grew denser. The Momus- worshipping jackass finished his evening's concert with a perfectly appalling fugue of cachinnatory utterances, scales and exer cises ad infiniium. The magpie, nestward veering, piped a farewell note, and silence reigned supreme. The schoolmaster, dreamily draws from his pocket a bunch of keys, and as dieamily pioceeds to lock up the schoolhouse. The distant bump, bump of a dray, strikes upon his ear, and he stands in a listless and listening attitude. Nearer the sound approaches, the cumbrous vehicle, making a terrible clang and clatter, as it ploughs laboriously through the fast-gripping mire, floundering in a blind pitiable manner from side to side, striking against stumps and roots most clamorously. Nearer it approaches, and now it doubles the ring of saplings that had hitherto hidden it from sight. A sorry rattle- trap machine ; the design might have been coeval with the founder of -the human race ; a most ancient and weather-beaten conveyance, dragged — rather than drawn — by a dilapidated and wonderful quadruped, which might have served Cervantes for the picture of Rosmante. This woe ful equipage is presided over by a young and rather shabbily-dressed woman ; but as she is sitting on the bottom or the dray the schoolmaster engages himself in making conjectural and futile guesses as to her indentity. When, upon the stillness of the evening, a gun shot rings out, echoing and leecho ing with a thousand reverberations through the silent forest. The horse snorts, rears violenty, and, making a desperate effort to disengage him self from his clumsy appendage, dashes out of the Sbygian pool which formed the traffic-way, and plunges into the wilderness of bush and under growth that skirts every bush-road. On he tears, floundering over every conceivable obstacle, encoun tering logs, stumps, and impedimenta innumerable, triumphing and conquering in a perfectly Homeric manner. The .schoolmaster stands watching the scene with bated breath and throbbing heart ; it had for him a terrible fascination, and connected itself to his memories of British history; he imagined a Boadicea charging in her chariot the luckless inhabitants of a mythical Camalodunum. A scream for help calls him back to life, he falters — ; then rushes forward with a weak wondering as to how he is to be of any assistance. Too late ! The dray is overturned, and its fair occupant lies stunned and speechless on the damp, cold grass. She is a tall, graceful girl, with skin of trans parent brilliancy, and the features of a statue. The form of a wood-nymph, with the expression of a nun. The schoolmaster contemplated her in a helpless manner, then turned with a beseeching look to the little house in the rear. The door gently opened, and a female of an indefinite age shuffled towards the group. The schoolmaster appeared relieved, and immediately gave up the management of what he evidently considered a perplexing case to the faded little woman, whom he addressed as mother. She was a meek little dame, with liquid eyes suggestive of an over- supply of sympathetic tears ; endowed with a deprecatory, apologetic manner, which seemed to give one the right of questioning her existence. She had that sort of reality we attach to a dream, or with which we clothe a remote possibility; she had, moreover, a habit of pausing in the middle of a sentence, and leaving her auditor with a vague idea of having caught the echoes of far-away sounds, and that in a blurred and', indistinct manner. 'Anthony, dear,' she said, in a thin, reedy voice, 'don't you think we'd better get into the — -ah !— — ' B ere a dismal hiatus. The schoolmaster listened in his usual dreamy manner, then ? called himself abruptly back to every-day existence, and, saying nothing in answer to his mother's suggestion, lifted the -girl from off the ground and walked into the cottage, carrying her in his arms. THE MOST REV. DR. WALSH, ARCHBISHOP OP DUBLIN. The little woman followed her son, and carefully shutting the door, shut out also the intrusion of the outei world, m the shape of the drizzling ram and cold, bitter wind. Throughout this scene on the green fronting the cottage, neither the school master nor his mother had noticed the arrival of another actor upon the stage. This last comer was the individual who fired the luckless shot which caused the runaway of Grace Fletcher's horse, and led possibly to the serious injury of this interesting young female. He was a robust young fellow, costumed and accoutred as a a sports man. The son of a neighbouring farmer, Harry Norman had spent the greater part of his life in a city, reading for a profession he never intended to follow. He was an eminently practical young fellow, and immediately upon arriving at the scene of the mishap, proceeded to right the clumsy dray, adjust the harness, and put the crazy equipage in some sort of order, with a view of guaranteeing greater security to its fair mistress during her future progress. This done, he sat down upon the stump which had occasioned the overturn of the clumsy wain, leisurely producing a pipe and preparing to enjoy a smoke while he waited an opportunity of apologising for having been the innocent cause of all this confusion and trouble. After the lapse o£ about half-an-hour,' the cottage door again opened, ? and the revived Grace, supposedly supported by the deprecatory little woman and followed by the dreamy schoolmaster, came slowly towards the dray. Young Norman gallantly saluted the ladies, nodded to the dreamer, then plunged at once into his. subject. 'Very sorry— didn't know of course — -bad accident— hope you didn't experience anything dreadful, you know— quite unintentional on: my part — assure you.' Grace quietly said, ' 'Twas an accident, of course, and I'm not hurt, thank you.' Norman, retired a little abashed at the cool off hand manner in which she treated his earnest, albeit jerky, apologies. Suddenly this abrupt young damsel turned, advanced towards the schoolmaster, seized both his hands and said : — ' You have been so kind to me. I am so mueh obliged,' that I don't know how to thank you. Will you grant me a great favour ? Please may I come to school ?', 'Yes, certainly,' he answered confusedly, but smiling the while, ?' certainly ; certainly.' His thoughts at that moment being far. away in the Islands of the Blest, where he pictured himself tending imaginary flocks,, assisting an imaginary shepheidess, with just such a face as this 'young girl's, and conducting himself as an Arcadian generally. ' Thank you, I am so glad. I am so lonely all day,' she answered. . The schoolmaster was more contused than ever ; said good-bye . very hastily, and took a speedy departure for the cottage, disregarding Norman's cheery — Good evening Warburton' — in the excited discomposure of his dreamy nature. He entered the tiny dwelling only to re- emerge ; but he did not again approach the group, but stood watching j them from the door porch. The rain was now i falling steadily, and the little woman busted herself with the arrangement of endless wraps of j various materials, on the form of the beautiful wood-nymph, notwithstanding the latter's assur- | ance of their superfluity. Bye-aud-bye Grace was j ready for her further journey. Mrs. Warburton kissed her, wished her 'adieu' with the air of having said something clever, burst into tears, and refused to be comforted. Not that anyone attempted this difficult task, for Grace was totally ignorant of the ways of women, or for that matter, of the ways of men, either. So she merely stared amazedly, until Mrs. Warburton, having cried sufficiently, wiped her eyes and waved her handkerchief. The which, by- the way, she continued to wave till .the dray was long out of sight. Norman bade the little woman a respectful! adieu!' bowed tothe visionary schoolmaster, assisted Grace to her seat, and, jumped into the crazy vehicle -himself. He, moreover, insisted upon, taking the reins, notwithstanding Grace's remon strance, and drove away into the fast- gathering darkness and drizzling rain, chatting with perfect good-humour and remarkable self-contentment to Grace, who made no reply, and seemed utterly oblivious of the presence of anyone beside herself in .that clumsy, dilapidated dray. A corner of the road concealed them from the little woman's gaze, when she turned and entered the cottage. But the 'schoolmaster still stood in |the porch listening as the bump, bump, of the dray became fainter and fainter, until it was lost in the silence of the night. Then he too entered the cottage, to dream for hours of beautiful heroines in every conceivable situation Chapter II. The winter mellowed into spring, and the spring smiled into summer. The minah chirped and1 fluttered from tree to tree. The magpie rendered, morning musical , with his wonderful call in the minor key, and, the gaily plumaged parrot did his best to vocalise — but after the manner of a ready voiced amateur at a social musical gathering.. Everything smiled, and seemed right glad to gaze upon Sol's genial face again. The crops were ripe for the sickle in the heavily-timbered cultivation paddocks, where the gaunt, withered skeletons of once majestic forest trees Hung their great arms to heaven as a protest against the life around them — ghosts of slain Titans invoking vengeance on the heads of their destroyers. Even Andrew Fletcher,, the used-up broken-down drunkard, volunteered to escort his daughter to school, appeared proud that she did not decline his doubtful protection, and set out with the air of a righteous parent fulfiling a sacred trust. They were a strange antithesis :. Grace Fletcher, young and beautiful ; her father, old and debauched. Painfully did she endeavour to cramp her elastic step to his halting shuffle, and often did she anxiously glance at the group of school wards- veering children to dotect in their faces any adverse criticism of her parent. Andrew Fletcher was a tall, thin man, with an air of faded gentility, and an observable anxiety to impress one with a reminiscence of his by-gone dignity. He continually and insistently boasted of his ancient family, and enlivened his discourse with anecdotts of his former transactions in what he was pleased to term the very best society. These recollections of former life assumed different decrees of intensity according to the character of his auditors — from the remembrances of his own grandear to his not too decent scandals of his whilom aristocratic friends, his repertory was inexhaustible. The son of a, Scotch baronet, and an officer in the: British army, while still in the heyday of youth, ho eloped with his cousin, from a fashionable boarding school. To , escape the consequences of his folly, and at the same time, the. demands of his creditors, he crossed the ocean and came to Australia. Then began the downward course. He selected, became a 'bankrupt— influence obtained for him a gold commissipnership ; he embezzled, aod influence shielded hini from the consequences of his criine. From respectability to vagabondage stretches a long, ladder, but he trod every rung. Lower, aad yet. lower, he. descended : never to rise again. He became in turns, a country newspaper-hack, and at last a hanger-on... of a bush shanty, which latter exalted position he filled at the commencement of our story. Hisfather died, he succeeeded to his title, -though- no one thought of calling him Sir Andrew, except ironically, but he had not enough of self-respect Ief5,: to decline the assumption of a prelixn which could point only more certainly to his abject degradation. He tottered along by his daughter's side, with a futile attempt at stateliness, until he reached the school-house where he left her, tp pursue the remainder of his journey in solitude,. to the little township of Mud Gull}7. Mud Gully was a model little bush township, with its one long straggling street, a gigantic dust bin in summer ; a slough of stygiau density in. winter. This cheerful thoroughfare was fringed with the usual half-dozen shanties, the single re spectable hotel, a bank, a general store and post office, and populated by the invariable yelling, .snarling, snapping, and growling assortment of mongrels, and that complement to every bush township, several reeling besotted swagmen. The last shanty in the row was kept by a fellow of unenviable notoriety, who rejoiced in the sobriquet of Black Tom Brandon. To this cheering resort of Silenus, Fletcher shambled forward, and was received with a hearty welcome from its landlord. This latter was a man of Herculean proportions, the possessor of a bold, red face, surmounted by a thatch of coai-se, black hair, and his cheeks bristling with a beard of a week's growth. Not that this jetty crop of stubble was required to render more brutal a face Nature had done her best to write 'blackguard ' upon in unmistakable characters. Fletcher was quite proud of this public recognition of his importance, and entering the shanty, took his accustomed seat of honour with the air of a king among boozers. He was soon the acknowledged chief and hero there, every swagman possessing the prica of two drinks claiming to shout for him, and, in truth, he was not over-scrupulous in accepting the favours of these loud-voiced Bacchanals. Tho drinks were manipulated by a strong- voiced, bare-armed, stalwart, shock-headed, young female, with a modified resemblance to Black Tom, and whom he addressed as Judy. Fletcher waxed eloquent and magnanimous under the influence of unlimited whiskey hot, and, with an assumption of lordly aufflence, desired the company to name their drinks.. ' How long 'as you made yer forchin ?' inqtxired » Judy, with the voice of a stentor. 'Shut up, ye howlin' devil, an' give the gentle man what he asts for,' interrupted her polite brother. ' Look here, Fletcher — Sir Andrew,' he added, with mollified manner, ' I've got a few words to say to y' — quietly like. Stow yer licker, and come inter the little back room we transacts bis'ness in.' Fletcher was too much the slave of this man to refuse, although he evinced considerable annoyance at leaving company that pleased him so vastly, and who rendered such flattering homage to his enter taining powers. But, nevertheless, he followed the brawny bully into an adjoining room, the door of which Black Tom was careful to close and lock ?after him, putting the key into the pocket of his pantaloons. ' Sit down, Fletcher — Sir Andrew — and listen to me,' said Black Tom, in the softest tones he could command. 'Now, Fletcher — Sir Andrew — what the devil do you mean allowin' that sneaking puppy of a Warburton to hev the pull ?over me like, eh ?' ' What do you mean, man ?' replied Grace's 'father, with a small spark of his pristine dignity. . . 'What do I mean? Curse you; what do I mean ? Thet's a good 'un, that is. Don't you ?recollec' a certain little bis'ness in the hand-writin' way, eh ? Curse it all, look here, I let you off on the understanding I was to hev' the inside runnin'. You pooh'd, and hum'd, and hah'd, but I want you to understand I was in dead, right-down earnest, an' I ain't agoing to let slip my claim. I've got you Fletcher — Sir Andrew- — an' I'm going to make you come down right on the nail — right on the nail and no shenanickin'. I'm a-go;ng to hev that there pretty girl o' yourn, an' objec' to hev another ?fellow a-crawlin' roun' like. Now you know what I mean, Fletcher — Sir Andrew.' Fletcher was now thoroughly aroused. He looked — poor, shattered wreck, though he was — transformed. With the passion of honest burning indignation, he towered grandly, seemingly filling the small room with his presence, his eyes flashing, his lips trembling, as if unable to stem the torrent of fiery, scathing words struggling for utterance. Then he as suddenly collapsed ; and with a weary sigh, sank back into his chair. Black Tom smiled triumphantly, stuck his tongue in his cheek, marched to the door, unlocked it, and strode out with the air of a victor, leaving Fletcher crushed and helpless in that darkened room. The secret of his victory was only a forged cheque, bnt that forged cheque gave Black Tom Brandon the power to crush Fletcher whenever he would. The day passed as all bright days pass, evening set in ('twas Christmas Eve) dark and stormy. A thunder-storm was brewing, which would presently change the dusty road into a muddy ditch. But Fletcher still sat in his chair thinking — thinking — passing in review the whole of a mis-spent life. The gloom thickened and the storm broke, still he sat unheedful of aught, save his misery. The lightning flashed into the room, but failed to illumine the darkness that filled his soul. The thunder rolled with countless reverberations through the tree-clad hills, but awakened no echo in his heart, save the echo of a blasted career. He still sat there through the long night hours after the storm had sunk and the ?moon came forth in her splendour flooding the room with her silvery radiance, gilding the grey head of the aged sinner, as with the aureole of a sa.mt, but he heeded not the beams that brought no light to him. The moon sank to her rest, the sun's rays glistened again on the earth, and, with the dawn of morning, he arose from his chair, straightening with pain the arms which had supported his bowed head all the live-long night, and walked away, with feeble steps, in the direc tion that led to the great city. He was never seen again in Mud Gully ! But we have anticipated the progress of our story, and must return to the events of the preceding day. Long ere the storm broke, while the sun was yet smiling in the heavens, Black Tom Brandon took his departure for Fletcher's cabin. Perhaps it was well for his own sake that he did so ; he may have spared himself an unpleasant reminiscence of that particular Christinas Eve. On his journey he passed his rival, the school master, and Grace Fletcher ; but they did not see him, and his bitter scowl was succeeded by a no less bitter smile. About half- an-hour after his departure from the little shanty, dignified by the sonorous title of the ' Cosmopolitan,' painted in large black letters on a white ground across the whole breadth of the front gable, a horseman rode up to the door. He dismounted quickly and walked into the bar with the air of a proprietor. This young fellow was no other than our friend, Harry Norman. The beauteous Judy eyed him critically, and, apparently, somewhat to his disadvantage. ' Well ?' she inquired, with an upward tendency of her retrousse nose. ' Brandon in ?' inquired Norman. 'No,' she replied, very shortly, then in view of a possible customer, added, ' \rery fine day, ain't it? There's going to be a big storm, though, to-night.' ' Perhaps,' responded Norman ; 'possibly — very likely. I'll have a glass of brandy — and water — hot — sugar — quick. I'm in a hurry.' ' D'ye ever go to 'sembiies ?' she queried, while preparing the drink. ' We'd a jolly nice dance last night. Me and two ladies as I know was there ; we went together.' ' Oh ! Know nothing about assemblies. Good bye ;' and he was gone, galloping through the whirlwind of dust like a veritable fire-king enveloped in a cloud of sulphurous smoke. He had not riddeu far when he overtook Mr. Brandon struggling in the embrace of the storm-fiend, one hand fighting the air, and the other clutching his broad-rimmed Yankee hat in a most desperate grip. Brandon was on his way to Fletcher's cabin, situated on the bleak and dreary stretch of ti-tree swamp, known to bushmen as Deadman's Flat. In time long past, a home-retarning digger had been found murdered in his tent, and his gold wrested from his dying clutch. They buried him whsre he lay, and the place was ever after known by the dreadsome name of Deadman's Flat. 'Hi !' cried Norman. ' Halt ! Hear me, you scoundrel. Don't let me hear of the wagging of your vile tongue concerning Miss Fletcher. I won't have it, my man. If you do unchain your unpleasant mouth I'll teach you a lesson. Oh no, not to-night, thanks — can't leave my horse. If you are particularly anxious to receive my malison come up to my house next Friday. Give all the satis faction you want. Perhaps more than you'll care for. Be sure you wash yourself, and — be careful about ehaving — my governor's very particular. Hi ! — you might bring a friend to see fair play if you like. For Heaven's sake though don't bring the biggest blackguard (always saving and except ing yourself) in Mud Gully. Ta ta !' Norman, striking spurs into, his horse, galloped off, leaving Brandon silent and disconcerted in the middle of the dusty, red bush road. As Norman cantered up the hill he heard the bully's loud voice (gathering courage with the increasing distance between them) denouncing him as a 'cursed puppy,' although the discomforted scoundrel had made no reply to his previous taunts. 'Ugh ! the brutal monstrosity,' mentally ejacu lated he as he turned into a paddock (taking the slip-rails with an easy jump, to call upon a neigh bouring farmer. Brandon kept straight on, past the schoolhouse, on until he reached the lonely solitude of Deadman's Flat. There was but one house, or rather slab hut, on the borders of the swamp engulphed in the gloom of gathering storm clouds, and that hut waa the comfortless abode of Andrew Fletcher. A light shone through the single pane which did duty for a window, like a smile on a p,Iain and ordinary face, and the feeble ray strug gling through the shadows looked not unlike a dying beam of the fast-sinking sun. Brandon approached the door, and with . a chuckling laugh he raised the latch and entered. Chapter III. The time-stained maps on fche schoolhouse walls were not conscious of witnessing a romance. Neither did the children know the reason why the teacher ever spoke more gently to Grace than he did to others, for there was nothing in the behaviour of these young people suggestive of an ordinary love affair. But, not less certainly did they love, in that old, heroic fashion most of us have forgotten. Grace Fletcher was a strange, wayward girl, the scandal of the neighbourhood, which vigorously proclaimed a crusade against ' a mad young thing, as goes a-wauderin: about the bush, all alone by herself, a-pickin' of flowers,' as Mrs. Brown would inform her friends and familiars. Her mother died, when Grace was but seven years of age, and from that time, until the overturning of the dray on that eventful winter evening, she had dwelt almost entirely alone, her father seldom visiting the little log-hut where his daughter lived in the solitude of Deadman's Flat. Impulsive and generous, she loved the schoolmaster long ere she knew it, and he, in the romantic dreaminess of his nature, made her the heroine of all his ideal faery fancies. That afternoon, on which Brandon set out for Fletcher's hut, the schoolmaster escorted Grace to her home, as he ever did. The twain sauntered along very soberly, he, indulging in visions of Arcadian shepherdesses, she walking by his side, but ever and anon flitting away into the fringes of tangled grass and bracken bordering the foot-worn, path, gathering wild flowers, which she wreathed iuto festoons and garlands, and, decking her person with this floral broidery, glanced in the rays of the setting sun a flowery-kirtled paranymph. ? When he reached the little cabin he took her haud in his, and looked long and earnestly into her clear, grey eyes. ' Good-bye, Graee,' said he, simply. ' Good-bye, Mr. Warburton.' v ? ? ' Call me Walter, please, will you ?''??.; ' If you wish it,' she answered timidly. ' Good bye, Walter.' ? .'? ??--?? ' Good-bye, Grace, good-bye, dear Grace.' Then he drew her closer to him, and kissed her. A long time they stood thus, he, holding both her hands in one of his, while with the other he caressed the golden-brown tresses, that coiled and glistened in the rays of the setting sun. A long time elapsed, ere he slowly relinguished her hands, kissed her, and again bade her adieu ; and then, heaving a dreamy sigh, turned homewards. Grace watched him along the well- beaten foot-path, turning occassionally to wave an adieu with his hand, until the brown shadows and thick foliage of the young saplings, hid him from her sight. This was the only love-making between them, and in ' call me Walter, please,' he had asked her to blend her fate with his. The shadows lengthened, and the sun sank to the verge of the horizon, as she stood there, thinking of her love for this dreamy young fellow, until the angry gusts of theapproach ing storm thickened in the air with the red road-dust and the withered leaves torn from the swaying tree tops by the hand of the fierce storm fiend, compelled her to enter the cheerless hut. Blank and dreary enough it was ; a mere shell, everything of any value having long since been exchanged for its worth, and themoney poured, intheshapeof strongdrink, down the thirsty throat of Andrew Fletcher. The furni ture of the room, which Grace entered by a rickety door, consisted of a table and a couple of rough forms ; but the rude walls -were frescoed with grace fully arranged festoons of flowers, which the fair mistress of the poorly furnished tenement pro ceeded to renew from her botanical collection of that afternoon. As she flitted, bird-like, from corner to corner of that darksome room, now decorating, now tidying, and an. in preparing her simple evening meal, she seemed the embodiment of the spirit of domestic life, or one of those good and beauteous fairies who delight in imparting spiritual charms to common place existence, paying a surreptitious visit to the home of some facry-favoured one. And when she lit the fire, and knelt before it bathed in its ruddy glow, she gleamed a vision of that elder mystic world — the goddess of the hearth while yet in her teens. When the kettle sent its humming music through the room, oblivious of the elemental war wibhout, she drew her form close to the brightly burning fire, and by its light sat down to the study of the Faurie Queen, the gift of her dreaming lover. Una could not have appeared more beautiful in the eyes of the Red Cross Knight than did she to those of Black Tom Brandon gazing sacrilegiously through the solitary pane, which constituted the only window in Fletcher's hut. A moment later, and the latch clicked, the door creaked on its hinges, and the Herculean form of the landlord of the Cosmopolitan Hotel stalked into the room, which he dwarfed by reason of his giant proportions. Grace looked up wonderingly, but not alarmed, as the bully, retaining his Yankee hat, threw himself heavily on the unoccupied form. Without any preliminary remarks he dashed into the subject of his visit. 'Good-day, Fletcher's daughter — Sir Andrew's. I s'pose yer ready to come along with me, right away like ?' ' Sir,' gasped Grace in astonishment. 'There ain't no good a-beatin 'bout the bush, my little darlin'. I've made it all right with the old un, Fletcher — Sir Andrew — an' yer a-goin' to be my wife. Straight ! I've come fer ye now, an' I hope you'll come along without any bother like. The quicker the better, fer there's a-goin' to be a a pretty stiff storm. We'll get spliced at Mud Gully, so get ready my little darlin'.'' Grace heard him amazedly, and threw her hands up to her head with a sudden movement, pressing her temples, in order to convince herself that she was not dreaming. 'Come on now,' continued the bully, 'an' be quick, or we'll catch this blooming storm right hot.' Then he rose from the stool, overturning it in the action, and, in an attempt to kiss her, made as if to grasp her by the arm. ' Stand back !' shrieked Grace, and with a bound she had gained the door. Out into the storm and darkness she dashed to her death. On, on, down the foot-worn path, across the creek, spanned by a single log, which she trod so lightly, so swiftly, that it hardly vibrated beneath her flying feet, though it was a dangerous crossing, at which she trembled in the day time, and to-night the creek boiled and roared in its course like a miniature maelstrom. Instinct seemed to guide her through the dense bush ana the blinding sheets of rain. On, on. she fled through the thick undergrowth, the swaying saplings tearing her dress and wound ing her hands and face. On, on, through the pitchy darkness, her path illumined by an occasional lightning flash. On, on, through the fast-falling, blinding rain she fled, her imagination catching the fancied footfalls of a terrible pursuer. Thrice she fell during her frenzied flight. Exhausted, bruised, and wounded, she reached the dwelling of the schoolmaster, and fainting, reeled against the door. She had broke a blood vessel. It was a cosy, comfortable room in which the schoolmaster and his mother sat that evening. A bright flre glowed and crackled on the hearth. A cabinet-organ filled one of the recesses by the fireplace, and at the instrument sat the schoolmaster, embodying a dream in plaintive music. No need for him to open the door to know who had fallen so heavily against it. He knew it was she who loved him, and Avhom he loved ; and when she fainted there, he was not surprised — he had dreamt it all that evening. Tenderly, carefully, he carried her in, as he had carried her in one far-off winter: evening. He laid her upon the hearth-rug in front of the fire, pillowing her head upon his knees. The wet, golden-brown tresses coiled. and glistened in the fire-light as. they had done that afternoon, in the rays of the setting sun. He had not shut the door, he had no thoughts of such things then, and. the wind came brawling in, extinguishing the lamp, ? and shivering the glass with a loud crash. He did not look up, his thoughts were far away in the Islands of the Blest. His little mother looked helplessly, but inquiringly at her son, and theD, without a word, walked from her chair and stood leaning against the cabinet-organ, the keys of which she washed with abundant tears, till they glistened in sympathy — a mute symphony in grief, Neither heeded. the wind which rushed boisterously through the room, bellying the canvas like the sails of a ship, and flaunting curtains about like the banners of iiconquering army. Night faded into morning. The wind sank, the rain ceased, and the spirit of the storm returned to his aery caverns. The moon came forth in the heavens like a beauteous huntress and shed her silvery shafts o'er hill and dale, creek and forest, and even penetrated with one great trembling beam the. room consecrated to grief. ' The clink, clink of a horse's hoof-falls was to be heard along the road that led to the schoolhouse. Norman, who had remained with his friend the farmer, until the storm had abated, was then on his way home. As he drew near the little house, he saw the door wide open, and the glow of the dying fire bathing the blind with a ruddy flood. No one in the cottage, heard the ring of his stirrup as he dismounted, or his cheery voice as he fastened his horse to a young sapling. No one heeded as he entered the room, closing the door behind him. He spoke not a word, but stood silent and distressed near the threshold. He loved Grace, but had worshipped her from afar, as an Indian worships a star. He ever championed her, defending her eccentricity of character as artlessness, her brusque manner as evidence of an unsophisticated soul, and her naivete as beautiful and lovable simplicity. To see her thus, the shades of death upon her fair brow, smote him sorely. Mrs. Warburton looked up for a moment when Norman entered, but her gaze had no meaning in it, and she gave no sign of recognition. Norman hesitated a moment debating within himself as to whether he should ride to the market town, some thirty miles distant, and summon thence medical assistance ; but a second glance convinced him that Grace was beyond the reach of any earthly aid. Neither the schoolmaster nor his mother had thought of making any effort to restore the dying girl to consciousness, and her head was still pillowed on his knees as when he had first placed it there. Poor Grace's lips were tinged with a deeper red than was their wont to be, and Norman advancing, handed the schoolmaster a handkerchief. The latter looked dreamily for a moment at the young farmer, then seemingly com prehending the action, nodded arad wiped the mouth he had kissed for the first time that after noon. The action seemed to recall him to a sense of his affliction. ' Darling ! Darling !' he groaned. The large grey eyes slowly opened ; the fair arms painfully raised aloft and entwined around his bent neck. 'Kiss me, Walter,' she softly said, drawing his face near to hers. 'I'm going to sleep, now. Good-night. I'm going to meet Una in a beautiful country where the flowers never die. Good-bye, dear Walter ; say good-bye.' And in that long, silent kiss her yoiing soul went forth as bright and pure as ever soul left earthly tenement. Norman dashed out of the room, mounted his horse, and rode away into the shadows cast by the sinking moon. The following day he returned to the great city to study the profession he never intended to follow. The Christmas sun rose and boldly peeped through the door-chinks, and spied round the sides of the window-blind. It threw a little ray on the head of Mrs. Warburton, who still leaned against the organ, but her eyes were fast sealed in sleep. And the schoolmaster — was he also asleep ? Yes, sleeping surely, but it was the sleep that knows no waking here. His spirit had sailed jnvay with hers, whose head still rested on his knees. There Avas no school that day, nor the next day, nor for many days after. Kind neighbours summoned a doctor, avIio Avhen he came, looked very A\rise, talked learnedly about heart disease and unusual excitement, pocketed his fee, and rode away. His medical system did not recognise a broken heart. People Avho knew no better spoke of the schoolmaster as being dead — he had merely ? ? ? ??- ? _? l departed to the realisation of his dreams. Perhaps, even then, he was far aAvay in the Islands of the Blest, glad in the glow of a golden clime, and glad, too, in the smile of a beauteous shepherdess, with just such a face as sweet Grace Fletcher's. One word in conclusion. Black Tom Brandon did not attempt the pursuit of Grace that stormy night. He calmly and callously took up his quarters in Fletcher's hut till the morning broke, when, after calmly and callously making a hearty meal from Fletcher's meagre larder, he betook himself as calmly and callously to his delectable retreat in Mud Gully. Black Tom Brandon is now the Hon. T. Brandon, M.L.A., and a Minister of the Crown, the husband of a portly wife, and the father of a large family. He is universally respected, admired, and toadied to. He OAvns flocks and herds and wealth illimit able. He has served his country so faithfully in serving himself that his sovereign Avill reward him shortly with a distinction, and Thomas Brandon, C.M.G., will then put a still wider gulph between himself and the ruffian of our story. When we last saw him, he Avas suspending for a brief season the arduous task of legislating for the land of the free, and was presiding in all the glory of a freshly found virtue at the inauguration of a temperance society. 