WELCOME TO BISHOP WEBBER, A coNVEUSAZiojfiî was held at the Exhibition Building, Bowen Park, last night, in honour of the arrival in his diocese of the new Anglican Bishop of Brisbane (Dr. Webber), and of the first visit of the Primate of Australia (Dr. Barry to this city. The attendance early in the evening was only moderate, but shortly after 8 o'clock it swelled considerably, and by 8.30 there could not have been lower than 600 or 700 persons present, His Excellency the Governor and Lady Musgrave, attended by Lieutenants Prichard and Cholmondeley, arrived punctually with the Bishops of Sydney, Brisbane, and Northern Queensland. They were met at the entrance by the Reception Committee and escorted to the dais at the extreme end of the nave. There were also present the Premier and Mrs Griffith, Sir Charles and Lady Lilley, Mr. Justice and Mrs, Mein, the Hon. G. King, M.L.C., Hon. T. L. Murray-Prior, MLA., the Hon. the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Colonel French, and large number of the leading citizens, as well as all the clergy who are in town attending the Diocesan Synod now in session. The building was decorated with some taste by means of flags and foliage plants. Some of the latter were very beautiful, and did much to relieve the otherwise bare and uninteresting appearance of the place. The clergy, headed by Archdeacons Glennie and Matthews, and accompanied by several of the laity, advanced to the dais, and Archdeacon Glennie at once opened the proceedings by reading the following address, which had been signed by a large number of the clergy and communicants. To the Right, Reverend Father in God, William Thornhill Webber, U.U., by divine permission Bishop of Brisbane in the colony of Queensland, May it please your Lordship, We, the undersigned communicant members of the Church of England in this diocese, desire to approach your Lordship with the reverence due to the high and holy office to which you have been made in the Church of God, and with the feelings of respect and duty which we would ever cherish to our FathorinUod. We desire to congratulate your Lordship on your safe arrival amongst us, and to express our gratitude to the Almighty Father for having vouchsafed to you. ills divine protection throughout the perils undduugurs of your voyage. In Uni person of your Lordship. who has now been called to the chief rule over us, we recognise one whose life has shown conspicuous earnestness in the service of Christ and his (Murch, and self denying labour for the good of others We have learnt with unmixed pleasure of the love and esteem in which you were held by all claims of the community, and of the good works which you have accomplished during lengthened and arduous ministry as priest of a populous parish in London. We have heard with great gladness of your care for Christ's people, your zeal for the spread of His kingdom, your energy in foStering all schemes for the education of the young and ignorant, as well as your loyalty In maintaining unimpaired (his doctrine and discipline of our beloved Church ¡ and, we feel sure that the distinguishing qualities for which you have gained much worthy honour will shine with no diminished lustre amongst us, We hill your Lordship's appointment as Bishop of this diocese as a fresh link in the chain of love and unity which binds us to our Mother Church in England, and we trust that your art wont amongst us will give a fresh impetus to Church life and Church work in Brisbane and throughout the diocese. In conclusion we earnestly pray that the bless- ing of God Almighty, the Father. the Son, and the Holy Ghost, may over and abundantly be with you ! that your life may long be spared to administer the affairs of this process and to adorn the Church, and that a rich harvest of success may attend your Kpiscopuio, so that God's glory may be set forth in luueulvullon of souls, and in the spread of his Kingdom, and love and loyalty to our Church were fully established in the hearts of her many children in this great and growing colony. We remain, my Lord, your Lordship's faithful and obedient children in Christ Jesus. The BISHOP, in reply, said it was scarcely necessary to say how deeply he felt all their acts of kindness, and especially the hearty welcome he had met with on his arrival in his diocese. he joined with them in expressions of gratitude for that safe arrival after such a long journey. He fully appreciated their reverence for the high and holy office to which, in the providence of - God, he had been called. They had been pleased to refer to the Church work which he had been able to accomplish in the old country. He could never forget the people with whom he had twenty-one years of pastoral intercourse, and among whom he had been fully engaged. Reference had also been made to his connection with schemes for education. Opportunities might, no doubt, occur in this colony for him to utilise the experience which he had been permitted to garner in London. They had also expressed an earnest desire for the progress of the work of the Church. He would make no rash premises. The best proof of his desire for the same end rested in the difficulty with which he had severed the ties that bound him to his work in London, notwithstanding that the work here seemed to be so attractive, and the impulse so strong, which bade him quit his work in a church almost unsurpassed for beauty in London, and amongst a trustful, loving people. His work among those people was the best proof that he was in thorough accord with their wishes, and that his desire was no less strong than their own for the future of the work in this colony. They had regarded his appointment as a new link forged in the chain which links England to Australia. The real link, however, rested not in the mere fact of crossing the sea, but in the prayers which had accompanied him, offered by his former parishioners and many others interested in the work of the diocese. Only last week he had received a letter from his friend the Bishop of Lichfield, who assured him that henceforth the work in the diocese of Brisbane would take its place among the matters for weekly prayerful intercession in his home. Therefore, they would observe that there was a stronger link than that of mercantile prosperity and political interest which bound them to the Church in the mother country the link of a deep sympathy and true brotherhood, He urged them #»>movo on in one solid body. There always would be diversities. He was not one of those effort minute creatures who deplored diversity, but rather regarded it as a sign of life. They might have absolute uniformity, but at the price of stagnation and probably death. They should never desire that which was a sign of torpor, cramped individuality, and hindered true progress. In conclusion he asked all to work loyally and with unity in the cause of religion. (Applause.) Captain HEATH, R.N., chairman of the Reception Committee, then read the following address from the laity To the Right Rev. WILLIAM THORNHILL Winninie D.D., Bishop of the Diocese of Brisbane May it please your Lordship We, the iiiutoralgnod, on behalf of the lay members of this portion of the diocese, desire to approach your Lordship with feelings of loyalty and respect, and to tender you our cordial welcome to the score of your future labours. From the estimate formed of your Lordship's ability and discretion in dealing with men and things by a body so widely representative as the London School Board, we are led to form the brightest anticipations for the future of our beloved Church under your Lordship's Kuidunco We look forward with confidence to the development of that broad and Catholic spirit of brotherhood, which is the strongest bond of union between follow workers in the name field of labour, and to the growth of that spirit of charity which acknowledges as fellow-travellers all who are making for the same goal, abide by different paths. Diil'oroncoa there must ever be among men of many minds of various schools of thought, and of widely differing training. the voluntary system, too, which is the basis of all March work in these colonies, has created an independence of action and a certain impatience of control unknown in the religious world in which your Lord- ship s experience has been gained. We trust, however, that the wisdom which is freely promised to those who ask it may guide you in your dealings with the various elements of which our community IS comprised, so that evils naturally resulting from Uto abHonuo of complete unanimity may be reduced to a minimum, and till minor differences become merged in the one great work of establishing the Church of God throughout the length and breadth of our land, In something of the form, the beauty, and the simplicity that 'characterised its inauguration by the great and blessed founder of the O gospel of Peace. That the Almighty may guide you with all wisdom, and vouchsafe you health and strength to carry out the work to which He has been pleased to call you, is the prayer of your Lordship's faithful and obedient servants. W. H. O. Drew, Treasurer of Synod ; C. B, Whish, Koorolary of Synod ; Thornhill Weedon, Robert D Neilson, Hugh M. Bell, M.D.; K. Kelk, H. Bramston, a. P. Heath, R, (J., chairman of commit the; Ulms. M. Allen, secretary Diocesan Council; li. T. Seymour, P. D, G. Stanley, K, Bennett, George King, M.L.O.; A. Norton, M.L.A. Brisbane, 18th November, 1885, The BISHOP said he had already anticipated much that he might otherwise say in reply to the address which had just been read. There was, however, one expression to which he might be disposed to take exception, and that was the reference to the lamb-like character of the people on the other side of the world, as if the colonists were the only people who were troublesome under ecclesiastical control. Twenty-five years ago, when he and others ' were being ordained by the late Archbishop of Canterbury, they were told by him that, the time had come when they could not expect any special respect and deference, except so much as each could win for himself. These words were wise and true. There were many laymen in London who would by no means unhesitatingly accept ecclesiastical control, but at the same time he could say his had been a very pleasant experience among laymen who held the most opposite theological opinions, and who had all worked admirably together. He could show them the list in one of the committees he had worked, and if they know the men they would at once admit the extreme diversity of their shores. Yet these had worked in the fullest harmony. Indeed, as he looked around among the layman present, he saw quite enough material for a strong working committee for the new cathedral. The Primate would tell them to set about building it at once, and with their permission he would leave that gentleman to take up the running. (Cheers.) The PALMATE (Dr. Barry), who on coming forward was cordially greeted, said he had great pleasure in being among them, although he was there in some respects from a sense of duty in his representative capacity. In a certain sense the Church had outstripped the political institutions, inasmuch as they had, by the creation of the Primacy, adopted the principle of intercolonial federation, and there was but another instance that the Church often moves faster than the world. He hoped he should not be regarded as a traitor to his own colony but he should rejoice when Colonial Pedonvtion had been ofEcctcd£for he regarded it as a stop to the great federation of the future, by which alone the English speaking race can hope to do its great work. There were speeches of two classes. Those made by speakers who had something to say, and those by others who were in the unhappy condition of having to say something, They had made him belong to the latter class, and he had to do his best to prove worthy of belonging to the former. There always at such times came into his mind one text. When the host of Israel were passing through the sea, hemmed in by unbroken bor rises on each side, and the roar of the Egyptian host coming on behind, and when their hearts almost failed, and even the daunt- less lawgiver himself was well nigh fainting, " the word of the Lord come to him, saying, Speak to the children of Israel that they go forward." Their motto must be, "' Go forward The work of God could have no completion. Artificial work may attain a sort of finality. The cutting of a coping stone to a fabric may represent a kind of completion, but none of this work was so unresting and unending as the work of God. He would like to see them go forward in material matters. Brisbane was the one diocese in Australia in which there was not a cathedral, and in which no efforts had been made in that direction. There were in the buildings of Brisbane strong evidences of the enterprise of her citizens, and he hoped that on the occasion of his next visit to Brisbane he should find that some energy had been infused into this matter, and that they had been Pfoing forward. They had in this diocese, he believed,' a fund very much like their Church Society in Sydney -anobloinatitution, highly useful for breaking up new ground. He had heard that this fund was not so well supplied as it ought to be. It was impossible withoutsoKiosuchfuud to follow the continual advance of English civilisation, They ought to go forward in claiming more and more for their Master from the growing intellect of the nation. The advance of education which these colonies had sacrificed so nobly and largely to promote, indicated the growth of the true progress which was the life of the nation. But something more than intellectual advancement was needed, and in dealing with that question the influence of the Church of Christ was needed, and that branch with which they were associated should not hesitate to go forward in the work. Surely, when they looked at the condition of social life in the colonies, they could not rest satisfied, but must go forward. Another advance which they should make in towards a higher and purer ideal of Christian life and Christian work. This could only be approached by the consecration of mind, heart, and imagination in the service of Him who gave up all for them. Going forward would solve many questions which at present appeared to be insoluble. He had seen that men who had gone forward, who in spite of apparently insurmountable difficulties had found the way opened up for them. Another result that men gained by going forward in one common cause was that they had no time for intestine strife ; they saw the enemy ahead and intent upon his overthrow they were never guilty of such treason as turning their swords upon one another. By going forward in a common work they would do much to attain the Christian sympathy for which they prayed. The more they spread light and truth the more would it be transfigured in their own souls, and the better would they be able to contend with ignorance, selfishness, deadly sins, and with unbelief, which, though it may be but a handful of vapour for a time, appears to hide the face of the Son of God. But if their enemies were before them surely also was their prize - the privilege of mould- ing, under the power of Christianity, the civilisation of the future. Old civilisations had passed away but in the civilisation of Europe there were no signs of decay. Was it an accident that that civilisation which would encom- pass the world was impregnated with the power of Christianity and stamped as it were with the sign of the cross? He believed it was not an accident, Their Southern civilisation should also be animated by the spirit of God and Christ. A. responsibility in this matter rested on them in no slight degree. God bless their efforts. God bless all who fight under the banner of Christianity. But surely they should not be behind in the warfare. Their own old, old Church of England inheriting rich traditions and grand resources-should still hold the place of leadership, not only for her own sake, but for the sake of their Lord and Master. (Prolonged applause.) The remainder of the evening was given up to promenade and conversation. A programme of vocal and instrumental music of unusual excellence was performed respectively by a string band under Mr. J. D. Owen and a double quartette of male voices under Mr. S. Kaye. Better male voice singing Ima not been heard in Brisbane for many a day ; but it and the other music was completely thrown away on the well-dressed crowd of people who chatted away heedless of the rich treat provided for them. Refreshments were provided at two inconveniently small tables and as those who served were fashionable young ladies instead of pro- fessionals waiters, this portion of the entertainment was not a great success. The Bishops found many friends among; those present, and Bishop Webber, though suffering from a severe headache, availed himself of the chance of acquainting himself with not a few. The Governor and party left shortly after 10 o'clock, and the company speedily separated, 