AMONGST THE" CHURCHES. -THE FATHER'S LOVE: Ix the Wesleyan Church, last Sunday forenoon, Rev. E. King preached from the text I John is, 1-." Behold, what manner of love the Father hast bestowed upon us that we should be called the sons of God; therefore the world knoweth us not because-it knew him not." By nature we are the offspring of God, since all men may be regarded as the children of the Great Father. The Apostle, however,.here spealks' notof a natural -but an acqisiied reldtionship of man as he is by; adoption cud grace. We have fallen from our high estate, and it is only by- adoption ,and the mediation of the Son of "God 'that we can be brought into filial relationship with the Most High. All of us must re member our low condition, and-be im pressed with the conviction of our state of alienation against God deserving of His wrath and displeasure-and yet, instead of being the children of wrath, we are now the sons of God. -This re lationship. is one of very high :'dignity. What can surpass being- brought into his household and family as dear chil dren, as sons of God. David thought it a great dignity to become the son-in la? of a king, 'but' h ?'niUcli"erater to be .brought into filial relationship with the Great ! God 'nd to .call him "Abba,. Father." We receive the nature of: children byj! regeneration, through the power of the Holy Ghost. Sons. of God, born of God,we- become partakers of 'his' Divine niatufe. This relationship is one of peculiar privilege. Think what a high privilege it is for us to have access to the Father,-to approach and address Him as dor. Father, to come with filial confidence and pouli olit our souls before him. There is a-great difference between the intercourse of a servant with his master, and that of a child with its parent. A child comes into the presence of its parentu"uibidden, at all times-in seasons of joy and sorrow, for that sympathy which only a parent can give. As childrenof God we have access to His footstool-we have audience with God at all times, and an opportunity of imparting everysmove of our spirits. Such a privilege of com munion is continual riches.. Ho cares for us, He takes upon himself the supply of our temporal and spiritual necessities. He gives us his exceedingly great and precious promises-his own words of truth and life. How they tranquiliso our fears in seasons of dis tress, how they console us in the hour of trouble! How they assure our fainting and fearful hearts of the good ness of God's love'! When we look into these promises we see the rich inheritance, in which we, as children of God, may continually rejoice. The providence of God is over his children; all things work together for the good of those who love Him. The ways of God are far beyond' our comprehension, but it is our privilege, as children, to rest on his love with unchaning thank fulness. The bitterest ingredient in our cup is iitended for some gracionis purpose. What a glorious prospect for us-heirs of GoI and joint-heirs with Christ. This life is too short to exhaust God's love towards us, and the eadi-is too small for a manifestation of ever lasting joys. We sometimes speculate as to where the spirit will flee when it quits this tabernacle of flesh, and where it. will | abide until the day of Ire snurrection. But there is something of more importance to us than the where abouts of the redeemed spirits. The knowledge that' we shall be transformed by His glory, and that we shall . mount, as on eagles' wings, ais enough to fill our hearts with mightyj consolation. Andwhat is this manner of love that the Father hath bestowed on us : Herein we have the wonderful love of the Father-that He, the great and glorious, should -call us his sons and delight us with a father's tender solicitude. This is the very condensa tion of infinite love, and should fill our hearts with rapture and thankfulness. We have done nothing to deserve such love-we never could do anything to deserve it, or work ourselves into such relationship-it is all unmerited. God remembers our low estate : he saw .our utter helplessness and embraced us. ,Such love is unparalleled -it is singular, it is utterly unique. We may exercisa all our powers in attempting to fathom it, and ev?n then what can we say but ithat it passeth all knowledge. It is because of this love, says the Apostle, that the world knoweth us not-" it cannot tell what to make of us,"' says 'Wesley. The world sees nothing great or glorious in those who are sons of God and heirs of-glory. But this, says -she. "Apostle, is no remarkable- the. world did not kow hr st. His glory was hidden from man, He was without form and comeliness in human esteem; He was despised and rejected, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief Little knew they that crucified Him that he was the Lord of Life and Glory, the only-begotten Son of the Father.in -whom he was well pleased. -Just as Christ was unknown to the world, just as the light was not comprehended by the darkness, so the children of God are unknown to the world. What manner of love should we display,? "We love Him because He first loved us. Our love should be a supreme affect ion-nothing less than that of our whole hearts-governing our whole natures and ruling our whole lives. It should be worthy of the love that God hath shown us. Shall we offer luke warm affection and divided hearts to Him who hath raised us from the dunghill of our corruptions, and made us sons of God ? We should be well ashamed of our poverty of affection. Let us be so humiliated on account of our poor return of love that henceforth we shall determine to love the Lord oir God with all our hearts, mind, soul and strength. With the Psalmist let each of us say "I will love thee, Oh Lord, my strength!" What manner of persons should we be upon whom God hath bestowed so much love We should bear ourselves with the dignity of the sons of God, and live in a manner becoming those called to such high estate and glorious inheritance-not allowing ourselves to be entangled with the affairs of this life so as to hinder our heavenly progress; walking in the Law, and endeavouring to show, in the midst of a perverse and ungodly generation, that we are the sons of God-so that " men shall take knowledge of us shat we have been with Christ, and that we hope to dwelwlaith HIlm'-or - evermore.- -Are we able to say with confidence " Now are we the sons of Goda ' Does the Spirit bear witness with our spirit that we are the children of God i Let us not rest without this inward witness of the Holy Ghost to our adoption. May God grant to everyone this unspeakable joy, for Christ's sake, Amen. 