"CHANGE & MYSTERY," BY HENRY J. CONGREVE, Author of "Old Roach," "Dick Tompkins," "The Ghostly Digger," "Illusion," "Nulingee," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER IV.—(Continued.) Meanwhile during Finlay's second sickness Bob was almost distracted. He had taken a great liking to the "sick young gemmen," and when he was told at the hospital that he had left two days before he was in a great way He flew over London Bridge, and turned down the dingy streets until he came to Dunst's, but the place was closed, and on inquiry of the neighbours he found he had left two or three days before, and that it was a good riddance. Bob was proceeding to make some more inquiries, but his eye caught sight of a policeman watching him, and as he had so often been told to move on by them, and had tasted their leather belts, he thought it wisest toclear out of the road. Believing now that something serious must nave happened to the "young un," he commenced a diligent search. But day after day found him back at his lodgings, still unsuccessful. He lived upon the merest crust, so that he might devote more time to the search, and night often found him watching the late residence of Dr. Dunst ( which was still closed ) with the idea that Finlay might turn up there. " Where he can a got ter I can't tell, " he thought, " a young un like that might a got kidnapped, and sold to the doctors, who they tells me cut yer up like so much butcher's meat. P'raps Dunst has ad im, and sold im, who knows ? I'll find out if I never skins a cat again. Lor ! there's a plummy one, I must 'ave her — her skin I'll sell for enough coppers to keep me for a week." And off Bob sneaked into a doorway, where he imitated the mewing of a cat so naturally that Miss Puss rushed joy- fully forward, only to be throttled with the folds of a small leather sack which Bob always carried. The window of Dunst's old shop projected somewhat over the footpath, and under it was a recess, in which the shutters were kept. As the shutters were now up the recess formed a con- venient shelter, and here Bob Bitlow used often to ensconse himself at night during his long vigils. Indeed, when the nights were warm he would often drop off asleep, and not wake till the break of the morning. Sometimes while thus lying, face uppermost, he would amuse himself by picking at the worm-eaten wood which formed the window shelf. He had by this means |which he could put his hand, when worked a hole sufficiently large, through the idea struck him that he could make an aperture large enough to force his body through. No sooner had the thought struck him, than fired with the idea, he set to work with a will, and by means of his knife and a little force he contrived to remove a portion of plank a foot in width and about three feet in length. The morning had, however, by this time arrived, and Bob slunk away in search of some means of earnings his day's " tucker," and also of traces of Finlay. In the first matter he was successful, for he had received half-a-crown for stopping a runaway horse. " Yer's luck," he exclaimed, as at nightfall he betook himself to Dunst's place. " I'm blest if I don't get enuf grub to last till termorrer, an' I'll hide in Dunst's all termorrer night, and look arter matters a bit. That ere cove knows sunthin' about my mate, I knows." So anxiously looking around he slip- ped under the window, and removing the board crawled into the darkened shop. Carefully replacing the board he peered around. At first all was dark, but presently a glimmering light, which came through two holes the shutters, enabled him to perceive that nothing had been re- moved . The bundles of herbs were in their places ; the bottles and books were still on the shelves ; the glass eyes of the snake glittered in the dim light ; while the human skull and the negro's head looked as ghastly as ever. " Well, I'm blest," said Bob, as he curiously picked up the skull, " well I'm blest, this 'ere don't look as if Dunst has left. Leastways if he has he left in a dump of a hurry. What's all them things worth ? I wouldn't give a copper for the lot. Crikey, I spect them bottles is pison. Oh ! he's he's a bad 'un, he is. I'd sooner be grabbed by a pleeseman than he." Called back to himself by the thoughts of a " pleeseman," he carefully replaced the skull, and trod lightly towards the door leading into the back premises. Entering the room he closed the door behind him, and turning round nearly dropped, with affright. Straight before him was a ghastly skeleton, but a skeleton on fire. Or at least fire ap- peared to be playing about its bones. Now the head would appear wrapped in a luminous cloud, and anon the fire would run down to the ribs, and so the fire continued to play over every part of the body. Stunned, and frightened by the apparition, Bob turned to fly, but ere he had opened the door his spirit returned, and turning to the apparition he made a stride towards it. As he did so the skeleton advanced a step, and raised his hand, in which was a weapon like a three-bladed dagger, apparently pre- pared to strike. But Bob was now thoroughly aroused, and facing the skeleton, exclaimed, " No yer don't, old man ; here goes," and he made a rapid dash at the figure. As he advanced, so did the apparition towards him, flinging his bony, fleshless flaming arms about in all directions, and clashing his fleshless jaws. Bob, however, was used to dodging, and watching for his opportunity, after the skeleton had dealt a blow with his dagger-armed hand, dodged on one side, and warding off the other arm, struck straight out with his foot among the ribs. There was a crash of smash- ............., and a noise, and a dust, as the apparition fell in a heap to the floor. " Here's a go," said Bob, " see what I've been and done. I bleeve I've killed old Dunst's ghost. Well, I guess if them fellers as prints the London journals knew ov this they'd put me in a book, they would. " Bob Bitlow, the fiery skeleton killer," I spects they'd call it, and he sat down on a case and wiped the perspiration from his fore- head, for the rapidity of the encounter had somewhat heated him up. There was still a little phosphoric light flickering about the heap of bones at his feet ; sufficient to reveal the ghastliness as well as the grotesqueness of the scene. On the top of the con- fused heap of jumbled ribs, and legs and arm bones, was the head nodding to and fro as if fixed on a spring, the eyeless sockets flaming with fire looking up at Bob. " Ah ! yer beggar," said Bob, giving the skull a kick, which set it vibrating with greater rapidity, " yer couldn't come over me. Yer couldn't frighten me with yer hapenny rushlight. Yer'll never play yer larks agen——" Here he stopped, for at that moment the gigantic shadow of a hand passed rapidly over the ceiling, paused for a moment, and Bob felt the collar of his coat gripped with a firm grasp, while at the same time a stifling cloth was wound around his head. Nearly suffo- cated Bob felt himself lifted from his seat, but his breathing became shorter and shorter, and he soon lapsed into insensibility. When Bob came to his senses he found himself enveloped in intense darkness, and on attempting to rise that both his hands and his feet were securely bound. "Yer's a go," he muttered discon- solately, " what's to be done now ? I bet old Dunst 'as a hand in this yer. What a jolly lark," he continued as he thought of his late encounter, " how old bony rattled to the floor when I hit him. Nice company Dunst keeps, and jolly larks they must have had. But what am I to do ? I guess old Dunst won't let me out ; I'll have to do that on my own hook." Here he commenced a violent struggle to loosen the ropes which bound him. In doing so he rolled over and over, and succeeded in freeing his hands. Just, however, as he was attempting to rise he rolled over, and fell with a loud splash into what seemed to him a well. " Oh ! lor, oh !" he spluttered, as his head emerged from the water, " where've I got ter now. Lor, don't I wish I was out ov this yer. If I had ony that feller's bones for a light. Oh, but yer's luck. I forgot my matches all this time. I opes they ain't wet —— and they ain't, that's a blessing." Carefully taking them out of an inner pocket, he at once struck a light, and scrambled out of the hole, and then with |feet. his knife cut the ropes that bound his feet.| " So far so good, mate," he soliloquised, " now to see what this yer place is like." The room was evidently a cellar, and, as he thought, underneath the shop. But there was no sign of any steps or entrance whatever. Puzzled at first, Bob still continued his scrutiny. At last he discovered in one corner a ladder fixed perpendicularly against the wall. Climbing this, he encountered a trap door, the fastening to which gave way, to his delight, at his first attempt to move it. Cautiously pushing it open he listened for any sound, but all was silent, so he quietly ascended into the shop. Still listening he quietly crept towards the window, where to his delight he found that his method of ingress had not been discovered. As may be believed, he was not long in placing himself on the outside, and a long run brought him to London Bridge. Here he sat down to rest in one of the recesses. All was quiet, and but an occasional passenger hurried along. The river rolled darkly beneath, and the lamps flickered dimly above, hardly able to cast their rays through a mist that thickened every moment. " Well, this beats cock-fighting," said Bob, " I've ad a lot of adventures to- night and all through my 'ospital chum. Never mind, I'll stick to it till I finds I finds im, and praps we may have a lot more rum turns together." At this moment, he heard the ap- proaching of a rapid footstep. To be continued. 