BROADBRIM'S JSEW YORK LETTER. The Now Year's chimes ran;? merrily out on the murky air of Thursday morning, announcing at once the birth of a new year and the dentil of the old one. All the city bolls gave musical welcome to the new-born year of 1885, and the parting salute from multitudes of fire-anus bade farewell to the year which had just passed away. ISS-i will not soon be forgotten. Agriculturally it has been one of tho most rcnwi'laiblo years of tho century. Scarcely in men's memory has tho labor of the hus bandman been crowned with such abundance, and, strange asit may seem, this manifestation of God's goodness is looked upon through all the land in the light of a positivo' calamity. So abundant is tho great harvest in tho West, that it will not pay tho farmer to carry it to market, and on hundreds of farms they are burning the corn to keep them warm in tho liitter frosty woathor. To many this may seem like waste ; but it is quito as necessary to keep people from freeing as from starving. Financially, 18S4 has been without a paral lel. It stands almost akme in tho ruin and disaster it leaves behind. But the terrible lessons of tho year which is gono are not an unmixed evil, if thoy servo to teach us tho value of old-time honesty in our dealings with our fellow men and that a fair character is ■worth moro than gold,—that tho questionable and thievish speculations which havo mado a few men prominent as millionaires, shall not receive commendation and honour, while honorable honesty is left neglected to starve. Wo have been running under too high pres. suro. "Money! money!" has been tho cry, and liket lie Israelites of old, wohavefalleninabject worship before the Golden Calf. Tho ex posure of the utter rotteness of tho system on which colossal fortunes have been built up, has not been ill-timed. _ As things were going, it was only a question of time when one-half of tho community would be paupers and the other half thieves. Theso immense individual aggregations of capital aro not good for the nation. A more equal division of a nation's wealth is con ducive of greater happiness to tho many, and the lioarso muttorings that rise from unem ployed and suffering thousands at the open ing of tho New Year, ere it closes may bo.a moro direful portent to those millionaires than the hand-writing on the wall that pro nounced the doom of the Assyrian Icing. ^ Tho keeping of open house oil New Year's day was by no means as general as it had boon in years past, and baskets hung on many door3 which on previous Now Year's dftys had been the portals to a lavish and generous hospitality. Even in the houses that received, tho tables wero indicative of at times. Hot coffee and lemonade marked the boundary of ordinary dissipation, while mild sedatives of clarot punch and ginger ale and such innocuous drinks wero occa sionally offered to the more intemperate who still withstood the fulminating thunders of St. John. Our cheap cab system was a bless ing to the young dudes who put on a little extra swell on New Year's day, and who re venge themselves on the other JO-l days of the year by riding on tho first of January. Two dollars and a half for a cab, a clean collar, a cane and a straight breasted coat mado each dude feel like a Jay Gould, and tho cab enabled him to dispenso with an overcoat—a garment not in favor however, with dudedom in general. In consequence of the mild nature of tho drinks, there wero fewer drunketi men than u3ual, and on the whole we had a very quiet, unexciting New Year's day. The only thing that marred the city s peace was the closing hours of tho board of Alder men, the scene resembling a second-class dog-pit more than a session of the greatest corporate body in tho Union. ^ Up to the closing moments of his official existence Mayor Edson seemed to think that somo com bination might be formed by which ho could punish the oneinies who had denied him a re noniinatiou. It was rumored everywhere that thousands of dollars wero scattered as bribes to different parties to prevent the Mayor's nomineo from being confirmed. Bo that as it may, tho tactics were successful, and Hubert O.Thomson held tho fortjigainst Ed son and his clans. If John Kelly took a hand in the fight tho offort was a feeble one. The Great Sagamore, a blast from whose bugle horn was worth a thousand men, never put in an appearance. It is said that ho re gards his work in electing Cleveland as the fatal mistake of his life, and feels that the sceptre has passed away from Tammany, and instead of being a dictator as of^ old he must now appear as a suppliant, cap in hand, for the smallest favor. Tho silver voice_ of O'Grady is no longer heard ; Spinola's shirt collar is limp and broken ; lots of the braves are quietly deserting to the camp of tho enemy ; and the sale of the Now York Star, the organ of tho Wigwam, is a confession that they havo haulod down tho flag. Nearly $500,000 has been sunk in the ven ture. If Tammany had won, tho city pat ronage might have floated it for a time, but it isliow settled that a mere personal organ cannot live in New York. Even Jay Gould, with his millions, was forced to take water when he urged his personality too^ofleusively on the press and people of New York. If it should pass into other hands as a one cent paper it might possibly moot with success if it abandons its bitter vindictive porsonal Tho exit of the disreputable horde which has disgraced our council chamber for the past three years is hailed by our citizens with de light, feeling assured that whatever trials Pro videnco may yot havo in store for us, there can be nothing worse than the Thugs wo have got rid of, and wo are in hopes that the now nan« may possibly be a little bettor. ° Ono thing this year will be remarkable for, that is the number of magnificent buildings which have been erected in ditiercut parts of the city whilo othor kinds of business have been paralyzed. Individuals and corporations havo rushed into a wild extravagance in build ings, never seen before in the city. Now conies the Standard Oil Company, whoso new building on Broadway, just above the Pro duce Exchango, promises to ^eclipse any thing of tho kind ever seen in New York. I shalf defer a description of it for somo future occasion but it stands on Broadway as a sort of challenge and menaco to tho unemployed thousands who pass it ovcry day, and. who ask how this giant monopoly got possession of its millions. The amusements of holiday week liavo been varied and passably good, buf- tho most remarkable feature of the week has been its failures and not its successes. Great things wero expected of Ristori, she was going to revive tho good old classic drama, and bring it back to the golden ago of the stago once more. Instead of a tremendous success, she has been one of the most lamentable failures of the season, the great tragedienne scarcely being the ghost of her former self. Damrosch came over to Plymouth church with tho oratorio of Messiah. It was splen didly sung. Tho vocal portion was a musical triumph, "and the instrumentation has not been surpassed in Brooklyn ; but financially it was the deadest of dead failures. The church was not half full and tho receipts wore away below the expenses. There is no mistake but tho Plymouth pastor has given his church a black eyo. Many old members havo withdrawn and sought spiritual conso lation in other fields ; large accessions have taken place to Dr. Storr's and Dr. Behrend s churches, and among them are many of those who wero formerly regarded as the staunchcst pillars of Plymouth church. Meanwhile the sturdy old Puritan pastor, like Fitzjames iu the "Lady of the Lake, cries— "Como ono—como all, Theso rocks shall fly l?rom thoir firm base As soon as I." Financially, however, Beechor was knocked °UTho most woeful of all failures was that of the slugger Sullivan. An excellent actor and estimable gentleman by the name of Lamb conceived it would be a good idea to gut the "teat knocker-out to act on the stage, and at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, ho pro j duced Brougham's " Lottery of Life.' Great were the expectations of a jam, but wlion the time came tho people wero not thore. On Wednesday morning the IVorld published an account of an assult on a waiter ffirl in Boston, and the result was that Brooklyn gave Sullivan tho cold shoulder. It is time theso ruffians were banished to tho Penitentiary or tho slums, and I hope that this will be the last public exhibition in these parts of tho Boston slugger. This letter is number 300 and completes a succcssion of letters for tiio past six years, and is the end of Volume Second, the first being commcuced twelve years ago. Trust ing to receive a continuance of tho favour which has followed me through all thesoyears, I am, Yours truly, Buoadbmm. An .agricultural journal informs its readers that " a hive of bees placed in the orchard will incrc-aso the crop of apples, as tne polleno rubbed off tho bodies of the bees fertilises thousands of blossoms whichmight otherwise be barren." Wo can assure our farmer friends, however, that 0110 cross dog placed in the orchard will increase the apple crop 50 per cent, more than two hives of bee3. A cross dog will " go right to tlio spot" quiclrer than tho pollen.—Norrisiouni Herald. Tiik wife of a dealer at Hioga, Japan, recently gave birth to five children, all o whom aro strong and hoalthy. 