THE PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHUBOII. From our files of the Courirr we take the fol lowing extracts relative to the annual district meeting of the Primitive Methodist Church of Queensland : — The annual district meeting of the Primitive Methodist Church. Queenshuid, commenced on Saturday, for the transaction of the busi ness of the body. Rockhampton was repre sented by the Rev. W. Powell. After the reception of the delegates, the Rev. W. Smith was appointed President ; Mr. C. Green Vice President; and Mr. Win. Faulkner Secre tary. The annual reports from the various stations aud circuits, twenty -two in number, were read, from these it appeared that the chnrch had made considerable progress during the past twelve months. The mem bership had very materially increased, and the Sunday schools were prospering and doing a good work. In the evening there was a holiness mectinc at the Leichhardt street Church. The Rev. J. Williams presided, aud addresses were delivered by the Revs. \Y. Smith and \V. Powell upon various phases of Church work, particularly the necessity for personal piety in religious lite. On Sunday the proceedings commence J with prayer meet ings at the various churches in the city, and in theforenoon special sermons were preached. At half-past two o'clock a large procession was formed in Leichhardt-street, which marched under the leadership of the Rev. J. Buckle. The procession was Urge, ami as it proceeded along Lcichbardt-strcct to the were sung, and several stirring addresses were delivered by the Rev. J. Ruckle. A large camp meeting was afterwards held, at which an address was delivered by the Rev. Jas. Williams, and a sermon was preached by the Rev. V. Fuggin. The Rev. E. Knight and Mr, C. Green also addressed the gathering. The meeting was brought toaclose at a quarter past five o'clock. At the various churches special sermons were preached is the cveuin}*, and the services were numerously attended. On Monday the first business \cns the cou sidcratiou of the various reports aud the appointment of committees. The report of the Rev. J. Buckle, ^ .It-legate to tile Kngluh conference, vis rt-A-iv.-tt. It w;ls as follows : — W ith jjratitudc I street Vou, thankful to have the privily' of again meeting you after a separation ol nine months. The (Juucrnl Mtuiaguincut Commit tee and Conference granted to the if ueeiisUmi district for missionary purposes for lt»S4-'- the sum of £450. 1 did my utmost, both privately and at official meetiups to pet this smn increased by £100, but failed to do no. Your legislation in rr the establishment of a book-room was relegated to you for more matured consideration. I could not induce the executive officers to send additional! ministers to Queensland this year. I ought to record that the opinion was freely expressed that the frequent retirement of of managing ability on the part of our officials. I am pleased, however, to inform you tliat j several of our leading ministers expressed a j willingness, if duly invited to throw in their ! lot with us. During my stay in England I visited the Theological Institute twice, had the privilege of addressing the students, and am hopeful that several of them at the end of their present probation will offer themselves for Australian work, i albo interviewed several young men in various parts of England who were anxious to enter the ministry, whose ocean expenses I offered to bear. I am sorry to report that, with the exception of Bro. Sheldon, a young married man, recommended by the Rev. P. Aston and the Macclesfield circuit authorities, and who for some time has been a student at Guinness'* College, London, all failed to respond favourably. I would ask you to give Mr. Sheldon a trial for twelve months, if not as a probationer, at least as a hired local preacher, frftp.r much anxiety and loss of time, the General Committee, on careful examination of my authority, onr letters patent, and the Queensland Statutes con cerned, conceded, our right to ask of British capitalists a loan on behalf of the corporation. This concession, however, was sotsrdjly made that it was impossible for me to take advan tage thereof unless 1 ran the risk of not being at this meeting. As this would have involved a breach of promise on my part to you and others, after completing preliminary arrange ments, no other course seemed open to me than to leave the matter with you for further consideration. I would earnestly recommend you to appoint an English agent, who, in con junction with tiie secretary of the corporation, shall attend thereto, as otherwise loans will have to be obtained in Queensland at current rates of interest, -which will involve the loss of a considerable amount per annum. 1 would earnestly recommend yl»*t district meeting to reqnest the conference to appoint the Rev. George Lamb, the venerable president, and the Rev. Dr. S. Antliif a deputation to visit thp Australian churches.' The Missionary Committee report for the district was also read and held over. From this it appears that the stations and missions under the direction ol the w-mmitfrAA have been specially prosperous during the year. Cook town and Serberton have become selfsop porting stetions, and Gympie and Charters Towers are about to follow, by which the work in these stations will be carried on in future witiioQt any aid from the Missionary Committee. A sew church has been built at Cooktown during the year, and is now in very easy circumstances. A plot of land has been secured at Cairns on which to build a church, and it is hoped that very speedily the anticipations of the committee will be realised. The first Protestant Church lias been erected in lilackall daring the year, nnfl-*- the super vision of the Rev, J. Pea.t and with the exception of the Primitive Methodist Church atPiueHill, there is no other Protestant Church within a radius of 200 miles. This station appears to have a prosperous future before it. A new church hi'1 also been built at the Monkland, Gympie Mission, to re place the one destroyed by a hruricane. After an adjournment, the first draft of the stations, or what will be better understood by the public as ministerial appointments, was proceeded with, and as many of the ministers bad received and accepted invitations to circuits before the district meeting, it was found that this mutual arrangement had facilitated, to a considerable extent, tills often very difficult work. In the evening a temperance meeting was held under the pre sidency of the Rev. J. Buckle, in the absence of Mr. L. F. Laudsberg. On Tuesday the principal business mils the consideration of special cases which occupied the attention of the delegates part of the day. Amongst other iiuizerg before the meeting were the formation of new circuits, and the second draft of stations. Some little time was taken up in ttie consideration of an offer made by a gentleman in Krisabne of a aura of C290 tc bring out additional ministers from Kngland — an offer which was thankfully accepted. Arrangements were also made with a view to en tori ii ^ into negotiations to bring these ad ditioaaJ ministers out. In the trveuiiij* tlie animal district tea meeting took place in the I^cichardt-street church. A crowded public meeting wassubseqnently held, which Mas opened with devotsaus, conducted by the Rev. .1. Williams. The chair was occupied by Mr. Chas. tJrecTi, the vice chairman of the district meeting, in the absence of Mr. S \\\\\ Hartley, who was unublc to attend. At the district meeting in Brisbane last Fri day it was decided that the anuuuA conference should take place at llockhampton. The Missionary Executive will sit at Bockhampton next year. Mr. S. W. Hartley will be the treasurer, and the Rev. W. Powell secretary. Rev. W. Powell, Rockhampton, pave an interesting account of the work done at the southern station, thev had, ho believed, several churches. Th«y had gathered in a number nf .vingregations and societies a.Dt\ Suudav schools, aiiii then.1 was ;m uriTcnt reinicst for a second minister. With regard in Laidlt-y stition, during the past year soirit' fiMiri'huivlH*s had been crect**d, aiidtht*y over the inmmtains to'Caboolture. they found that the l*rimitive Methodist Church was showing vigour and prosperity. The member ship and the cou^rVKation bad increased, and tlit* prospects ot that station were n.ucli more cheering than they wore twelve mouths ago. Then they came to Gympie, which had been for a long time hanging upon the hands of the missionary executive of this district. They had no congregation some yeans ago at Oympie, but he was happy to tell them that there was a crowded church, and their friends had been considering the necessity for en larging the church. Kot only that, font they had a very flourishing Sunday school there. This station, which was formerly so largely dependent upon the Missionary Society, was now self- supporting. Turning to Maryborough he had to inform them that the income de rived from there was more than donhle what it used to be ; the membership had more than doubled, and the children attending the Sunday school had trebled in number. Another station had been formed in the Kurruni district with good prospects. Further north, at Rockhampton, they had eighteen preaching stations, and they had obtained sanction to bring out a second minister. They would then have four preachers in the district. There had been an increase during the past year of nearly 200 children in the Sunday schools. The Mount Morgan district, which bad been brought so prominently before the public on account of the gold discoveries there, had been formed into a station, and by the cud of the year lie hoped to sec a substan tial church erected in thatdistrict. Going up stations, and these extended for about 200 miles. Their preachers were being every where well received. From Pine Hill the most distant cf these stations, he would take them to Hlackall, a distance of 200 miles by coach. The work in that district was most encouraging, and a small church had been formed for what was called the city of the west. Having alluded to the healthy state of religious life at some of the smaller places in that district, which he had personally visited, Mr. Powell said they had already been in formed as to the state of the Church in Char ters Towers, and he vould spe&k; about Mackay. That district had been passing through a very severe depression, bat the Primitive Methodists had pro perty there worth £1000. They had a fairly prosperous church and a good Sunday school. There were several preach ing stations round about Mackay where the word of God was listened to eaeerlv. With regard to Cairns, the prospects did not seem to be so good as they had been. But that promised to be a very thriving place — a second Townsville — and they had last year bought two allotments for a chnrch for £50, which would now, if placed in tie market, realise £700. What 1hey wanted for Cairns was a young man full of tiie Holy Ghost and fire. At Herberton and Watsonville be be lieved they would have a flourishing ^*T'^nit., There was no other Protestant minister ftt Herberton than tiie one of ?tfifir own de nomination. At Cooktown the state of the Church was very low, although they had got a chnrch there which cost £700, and there was only & debt of £150 upon it. That was a brief outline of the work they were en deavourius to do in tiie colony. Whw^ they most especially wanted was more *n'n'g^ffi*R. They wanted them for finch places as don curry, where, he believed, no minister of the Gospel had ever visited. They wanted men to win many souls. The harvest was great, bnt the labourers were few. 