ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. At St. Andrew'?) Cathedral, Christmas Kve was celebrated by a shortened form of evensong and by carol-singing. Some of the carols wero old favorites, ami tho familiar music to uTho first ubel " is probably traditional. Books of the word# were distributed among the congre gation, and In these for the first time we saw the old English "about of joy," which hits been in usj as nuel and tio.vv/ since Chaucer's day, spelt nawtU. Worcester's dictionary, at ledst, recognise# no such spylling, and in uny case it is to be con demned as obscuring tlie derivation of a word doubtloi.s imported directly frout the French, as riJul, at the Noruiau conquest. It seemed, also, that the words of the old carol had been altered. The older editions give "In fields where .they lay a-kcoping their shuop j" but last night's text-books preferred "keeping" — anything but the scanning of tlio line. By far the best sung of the carols was uO I Christmas Night," which citiucin the form of a !olo by Mr. 8earle. The music is by Adolphe Adam, a lively French writer, whosu music is always effective and written »? by one who writes "for lite voice. The air was taking, though not without dignity. Mr. Soarlc, who lias a fine robust tenor voice, saug well, and the devotional character of the word was uot lost sight of in tho unobtrusive - tyle of tho singer. The same can not, however, be said uf the singer who gave the bass solo in " While Shepherd# Watched," and it seems strange that the uiithoritia. should cntrmit a sacred song to a singer with ho little know! dgo of the elementary lite of the fine voice which study 'might make an acceptable " offering " in every sense of the term. Tlie, singer, who prefixes all his sustained notes with a grace note, apparently due ouly to a want of " attack," only givos pain to hi# hoarors. For tho-rcstp-it may bo added - that- the-cnrolo- 'sung wero: — " Like 8Uve.rrLRtnp3 " (Stcggallb "Joy Jills our heart" .(A. U. Rivera), " Nazareth" (Gounod) and Lo, withiii- a manger lies i" (Goes). The carols were ren dered by a cnoir which is not up to the standard of excellence usually attained by an nvcruge. English church choir, and particular criticism would therefore be out of place. The poorness of tho boys' voices is, howevor. matter (or fair comment. We counted 90 boy# in the choir, which is nearly doublo the number that would bo iucluded in any of the well known . churches in London, such as All Saints, Margaret-street, St. Andrew 'e, Woll-strcct, or the Chapel Royal (Savoy). From this unusually large chorus a miuiinum of sound proceeded, and we should say that tho authorities could not do better than reduce the numerical and increase tho vocal strength of their chot us as quickly as poisiolo. Mr. Mon tague Younger presided at tho organ, and gave as a prelude to the service, 41 0 Thou that tcllest,' with much taste. Dr. Dairy preached a short sermon from the words in Romans, l ltli chapter I7tli vorae. "For the Kingdom of God is joy iu the iloly Gnos.t." The carol music, ho said, to which they had just listened struck the special kcy-noto of the Christmas festival. In its essence, like all olhor Church music, it wa? praise, thanksgiving aud adoration, and yet there sounded through it the ring of a clear and familiar merriment, and th re sounded also the clearer aud sweeter ring of kindliness, genor- o nty aud love. Tho essential idea of OhrisWnas abovo all other festivals was oxprcgKod iu the words of the text declaring that tho kingdom of God was joy — tho joy of earthly kindliness — tho deepor, joy of peace in tho Lord Jcsns Christ. There was a reason in history for Christmas, for unlike Easter, which was as old ns Chris tianity itself, the Christmas festival was uot observed until somewhat Lite in the curlier century, in the Eastern Church not Ixfforo the close of the fourth century and iu the Western at n somewhat earlier date. It was originally a heathen festival. The idea of Christina to us was distinguished from that of Easter, ns there is no conception of sin and death but of the uuion of God aud niaiq or as it would have been had bumauity continued untainted with rin and unloucbwl by tho hand of death. Aud so Christum? had always been especially the festival of joy ; as the festival of the Holy Child, as especially the festival of childhood— of childhood in its literal and of childlike .souls who entered into the innocence of childhood. The innocent jov and merriment of Christmas declared to ns what should have been tho birthright of hu manity, had sin never entered Into the world, ftullhe shadow of the cro.sa been cast Upon It. In tho joy of this sea-on, for tho lime the burden of. life was eased liy i lie happlues# of earthly love, and by the deeper and nioro pm man or joy of the soul In God. But this joy of earthly love was constantly marred by human imperfection, aud deep as such jov was, tho t'i mn»t be something far deeper ir tboy would enter into the true spirit of tho test— ! that tho Kingdom of God was joy in the Holy Ghost. Ilo need not tell 'them that this was the peace of the unclouded lovo of God. The conception of Christmas, as bo had said, brought to each of them the union of God with man ami tbe lore ot God to wnu without even the passing cloud of sin and death. They saw the eternal Son of God taking upon Him humanity in the sweetest, loveliest form of childhood ; tlio man saw God mo-do without the struggle on tlm cross and the vic tory of death, aud therefore, lie thought, at Christina? mo; of all they felt that God was Lore. Lot theui keep Christinas with the merriment of innocent joy, join round them the family in peace and love, but if thuy would cu joy it iti tlm largest sense, then let thctn gather at the holy table -where, in the knowledge that God was theiv Father and they His children through Christ, I hoy would find the highest peace, satisfaction and joy. 