THIS LAND OF THE GOLDEN FLEECE. BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA. EL-MELBOURNE TO ADELAIDE. u So farewell, Melbourne the Marvellous city of towering warehouses, Parliament Houses the new one as yet unfinished law courts, free libraries, a colossal post-office, a monumental town hall, colleges, institutes, cathedrals, churches and chapels innumerable, stately Government offices, multitudinous. drinlihig-ba-s-of which the sprightly barmaids are threatened with extinction under the clauses of Mr. Berry's new Licensing Bill. Farewell, Melbourne city of handsome, elegant, and well-patronised theatres. At the Opera House, just now, that approved actor, Mr. George Rignold, is, with Miss Kate Bishop, delighting the liege- is " Called Back." At the Theatre Royal, the evergreen and always fascinating Mr. Dion Boucicault is drawing crowded houses nightly to see, now " The Just," now "The Shaughraun," now "Kerry," and * Arrah-na-Pogue," assisted by his son and daughter, and a gifted young American actress, Miss Louisa Thorndyke. ' At the Bijou be not deceived by its name, the prettily decorated house is as big as our Gaiety Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. W. H. Vernon are playing to howes full to repletion a farewell engage Xtiwit, with a repertoire comprising Mr. Sydney Grundy's " Monarch," and the never-to-be-forgotten '' Forgot Me Not." _ 4To The Nugget Theatre another CLOSE of the pleasure-loving Melbournians rush to see "Oliver Twist," and " The Streets of grow York," and at St. George's Hall enthusiastic crowds gather to witness the variety performances of the Red Stockings Company in the " Muldoon Picnic." Trip Aiuy¡_alian3 in general are deliriously fond of variety ehox\\-s."r They like opera-bouffe well enough. They will patronise a highly spiced sensational melodrama of the " World " or In the Banks " type ; but they dote on circuses, and regard the buffooneries of a nigger entertainment as' sweet morsels to be rolled beneath the tongue. And Shakespeare ! , Well, such tragedians as Charles Kean, Gustavus V. Brooke, Barry Sullivan, Creswick; and Walter Montgomery the effigy of the last-named gentleman as Hamlet is to be found in all the Austra- lien waxwork exhibitions have gathered both fame and money in the southern hemisphere; but that was in days gone by. What the present generation of Australians would ray to Shakespeare without a star actor or actress of the very first water in the leading characters, I am sure that I do not know. On the other hand, thousands who know not a word of Tuscan rushed to mean history and thousands more unfamiliar even with the French of Strat£ord-atte-_loxve would rush to hear Sarah Bernhardt. } Farewell, then, Melbourne city of clubs that are Solemn; and clubs that are sprightly, but all overflowing ( with thoughtful courtesy and generous hospitality all ready to be extended from the puissant Melbourne Clear, the resort of the proudest merchants and bankers was the most patrician squatters, to the genial Yorick, the chosen, haunt of the wits and scholars of Mel (boatrace the wanderer from afar. Farewell ! cheery lad fraternal Masonic club farewell, " Mutual Imps," although circumstances over which I had no control |r._6ve_ted 'me from participating in your innocent KaZe te ; well to all the doctors, and especially farewell to win the Brobdingnagian banks in Collins-street. T ' IC~-.BC. help it. I have been mildly accused by friends 'in this country of having "hand: on the brain;" and such, perhaps, may be the case. But I repeat, I i native help it. When you first visit Venice., do not the ( lines on the Grand Canal take your breath away? I Pisa are you not continually haunted by the Lean vgToxxcr? At Moscow is not the image of the 'Venilia ever before you - In Australia generally, and i Melbourne in particular, it is the banks that haunt you, say subdue your sense to one absorbing feeling of Ludbi Mid reverence for the power of Mammon, fct of Bank of Australasia, a massive pile of the, ages c order; the London Chartered Bank, in the fctiftiw-ltalian over, the Bank of Victoria, the Bank of -new South Wales, the Commercial Bank of Austin!'!»-how many more banks there may be in Collins-meet I am incompetent to tell ;" for pacific yUM IS of finance now of nimble, now of blue- stone, Fox of Kangaroo Point stone beset me on every "do. Lombard-street, Lothbury, King Wil |iatn-.U_oi» London, E.C. they must all hide their diminished heads, before the banks of Collins-street, Melbourne. The Colonna and the Orsini, the Frnngi past and who Saville, the Doria and the Odeseakdvi, built no doubt very grand palaces at Rome. There are some very sumptuous palaces, too, at Florence and at German but these big buildings do not mean money. The banking palace, of Melbourne do. They are so 2".y cash, castles. They smell of riches. As you pass it seems as though you heard the fingering by deft tells- of -a crisp bank notes within-a sound, to money-box- g news, more musical than the rustling of Fm íróus. robe of silk ; till you remember that the certificates of indebtedness, payable on demand, of the Australian banks are not, always crisp. Indeed they become, in the Temora "'bade blocks;" after much bandying to and fro along ' squatters, " free selectors'' diorama, publicans, and storekeepers, very soft, greasy, and dirty in deed. But they are always sweet to look upon, farewell! notes- the Brobdingnagian "-bourne banks. I must not, in worldly wisdom, take any of you to Adelaide;, for in the neighbouring: colony of South Australia the paper currency of Victoria and other colo- nies et- only be called subject to a discount of six yanco in the pound. I shall find another Custom loss. too, in Adelaide, another tariff, and' entitled , postage stamp - and the Federation 1-5sec Paris has just passed through the Imperial Parliament. I wonder how many wise - area there are at home who are cherishing the illusion that the Australian colonies intend, in -fishes is, to federate thoroughly and effectively, as the United States have federated Mounwliile, fare- well Melbourne ! Until, at least, I return to survey thy marvels' of (tin, including the big butchers' shops, thy billiards thurles, thy crowded omnibuses, thy splendid Botanical Gardens, dry remarkable Waxworks, and Mr. Coles' book arcade in Bourke-street ! A big steamer (kindly at at the wharf, and I am bound for Adelaide. Tbepasyig» from Melbourne to the sea is I am afraid to Lbo chuckling delight of the worthy people of Syd- neither imposing nor dignified. It might not be co very calumnious to call the waterway to the ftploiL-trig metropolis of Victoria " right mean." That is. an American location, but it is expressive, with collar- and long- waves. of the general aspect of the river Yarra Yarra.. Did not Richard Cobden once place on con -unctuous record the fact that he had cleared, at a single band, one of the most famous of the classical rivers of Africa'? I should say that an old man kangaroo of ordinary capacity- might be warranted to clear the Yarra Yarra at -Melbourne in a couple of hops. But what the stream lacks in breadth it makes up for in depth, for the Btcmnor which is to convey me to the fair city of Adelaide is a mighty ship, and she, with craft as huge, comes right up to Melbourne wharf. On the other hand, the machine sits- gullet" of the Peninsular and Oriental, the Orient, and the French Messageries --times lines Kings no nearer ii clboume than Williamstown, which is at the angle rising of the notary of the Yarra, on the 8i;;ti-vvs»t shore of Hobson's Bay, and distant some elusive. sales from Melbourne, with which it is expected by railway. Opposite Williamstown, on the other side of the bay, is Sandridge, now called Port Melbourne, which is only two miles and a half by rail from the city. The Sydney people, justifi- ably proud of their creaming harbour, do not well to rub their hands with glee-figuratively- pcnldng-when they recall the dignity of the Yarra ; while the peaceful inhabitants of the smiling shores of Corio Bay, the extensive west arm of Port Phillip, are never tired of telling you that, if all towns have their rights, and justice were done where justice was, due, the metropolis of Victoria would not be at Melbourne at all, but at Geelong. I have been to Geelong, and like it much. Including the outlying suburbs, it may have, at the present time, a population of 20,000. it will have a population of fifty or a hundred thousand some of these days-say when the local manufactures have been fully developed, when Ute trans continental railway is built, and coolie labour, or some other labour, is brough- in to render fruitful the almost unparalleled resources of this vast and, comparatively speaking, uninhabited continent. Then there will be plenty of mechanics and labourers and domestic servants obtainable for moderate wages. Then good cooks will abound, and your wealthy friends will be able to ask you to dinner at their own houses ; then there will be a little less cricket and football, a little less racing and rowing, and a little more culture of at and letters and then there will be the millennium, and the banks will all gratify their' shareholders with a dividend of a thousand per cent, per annum. Al Rascher, itinerant dealer in glass and crockeryware, you are dreaming again over your basket. But Geelong, on the pleasant shores of Corio Bay, is certainly somewhat of a dreamy place, The steamer Adelaide is a noble vessel, well built at Glasgow. And, of course, one may almost say, well manned, well-found, and well-appointed, in every way. In Captain Lockyer, she has a gallant and efficient can ponder. ' Likewise are her saloons and state rooms illuminated by the electric light. The Adelaide is also excellently well ventilated, and her 'tween decks must be in summertime deliciously cool. The dining saloon is far down below, with a lofty coved glazed ceiling, and here in the scorching months of January and February the atmosphere must be delightfully tempered as to render punkahs and wind-sails all but unnecessary accessories to ventilation. Yes ; her saloon, prettily painted,' and decorated with, panels of fancy woods, curiously inlaid and brilliantly polished, with her airy little smoking room, with its tesselated flooring, displaying the motto " Advance Australia' and the antipodean i heraldic devices of the emu, the kangaroo, and the golden fleece we shall have an Australian 'King of firms , some of those days, and Poison Hoy" should be his title with her well-fitted bath- rooms, her pianofortes, and the canaries warbling in their cages high up in the cove above the saloon table the Adelaide is altogother a summer ship, and a delightful one in which to spend the £10 hours or so in which, when the weather is fair, the sea trip from Melbourne to Adelaide should be accomplished. But the railway between the capitals of Victoria and South Australia is being actively pushed forward Land ere long, it is to be hoped, there will be uninterrupted railway communication between Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney, and ultimately Brisbane and Not them Queensland. At present it can scarcely fail to strike the traveller from home that, ludicrously ignorant as vast numbers of English people are of things Australian the colonists themselves do not know nearly so much about one another as they should do. They are too far apart socially speaking. They have too few interests in common at least, they erroneously imagine they have too few. The great Australian newspapers publish daily a few snappy telegraphic i items of intelligence ; and a Melbourne journal has its periodical Adelaide letter; a Sydney paper its periodical Brisbane one, and a Hobart paper its Sydney or 'Melbourne one, and vice acres all round and still, save at the clubs and mechanics' institutes and schools of arts libraries, there seems to be only a very slight exchange of intercolonial journalism, and the politics, the social economy, the literary and artistic progress of one colony appear to excite only a very languid sort of interest in the others. I can well members when a similar condition of apathetic indifference among sister colonies existed in the British possessions in North America. Montreal knew nothing, or professed to know nothing, about Quebec; while Toronto expressed profound contempt for the two French towns," as the go-ahead western city disdainfully dubbed the capitals of Lower Canada. As for Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward Island, the Canadians were socially and politically unanimous in agreeing that the colonies inhabited by the " Blue Noses " were not worth talking about, or thinking about at all. I was in Canada when the scheme of federation was being hotly and acrimoniously discussed, and in many instances held up in unmeasured terms to obloquy and ridicule as a wholly impracticable and illusory idea. Yet the Dominion of Canada has been for a considerable number of years an accomplished fact. Of whether that magnificent federa- tion is a success or the contrary the Canadians should be the best judges. As for Australian federation, the plan for making it a reality is as yet in a very shadowy and nebulous condition. "When it is to come, and in what form its latest phase of discussion being a " chippy," half-querulous correspondence between Mr.- Service -the Premier of Victoria, and Sir Alexander Stuart, the Premier of -New South Wales how am I, a stranger and a novice in the land, to tell? The gentlemen who live at home at ease in England, who have never visited the Austra- lian colonies, or, having visited them, have merely scampered through the land, sojourning, it may be, just 40 hours in one capital and SO in another, have quite made up their minds on the subject of federation, Imperial and intercolonial. I can only vouch for the things which I have seen, and argue from experience of other lands. In federated Australia there seems to be too wide a gulf between the colonies. They are all justifiably proud of the oil' relations to England; but they are not,, so it strikes me, -with ciently proud of their relations to each' other. Beyond the droll jealousy which is said to exist between the two magnificent cities of Sydney and Mel- bourne the -New South Welshmen declare that it is the Mclbouruijus who are jealous of Sydney, while the Victorians as vehemently assert that it is the New South Welshmen who are jealous of Melbourne there would not appear to be the slightest reason for any rivalry save one of the most amicable nature among this beauteous bond. of colonial sisters. But that such a a rivalry taking, as it very frequently does, the form of cross-grained disparagement-does, to a certain degree, exist in, the Australian colonies seems to me palpable. Still, one ncodxtpt be a fanatical believer in nostrums political, social, and otherwise. Federa- tion may not prove a "cure all." Federated Columbia is not exempt from inter-state and inter-civic rivalries of the disparaging kind. Clironie jealousy, quite so comical as that which is said to exist mind, I do not say, that it does exist between Sydney and Melbourne, has long prevailed between Boston and New York and between Chicago and St. Louis ; while, complacently impartial, California decide the whole of the communi- ties on the other side of the Rocky Mountains as those eastern folk." It is the way of the world and of human nature. Perhaps Bath does not think so I much of Cheltenham, or Scarborough of either. Edinburgh may love Gjlasgoxv only as a step-sister, and Liverpool'may I Eccrotly think Manchester a vastly overrated town. The I rivalry between Dover and Folkestone is as old as the I Saxon Heptarchy, and many centuries have passed since the people of Dover have claimed intellectual supremacy, hotly contested by their rivals, over the people to Folkestone. The claim in question does not appear to have any basis more substantial than the tradition that the body of a drowned man was, once upon a time, washed on shore between Dover' and Folkestone. On one of the fingers of the corpse there waves' diamond ring. " Run for a knife 1 " cried the Dover, people. The simple-minded Folkestonians ran for a knife, but ere they returned the astute Dovoriaus hand bitten off the dead man's finger, diamond ring and all. Should a similarly grim contingency arise on the Pacific shore, I xx order whether Sydney or Melbourne would get the best of it. Among the things which the wise man of old declared to be utterly incomprehensible to him as the way of a ship on the sea. The way of a big steamer working her way down the winding course of the Yarra Yarra into Hobson's Bay is to the technical mind equally inscrutable. A snakier stream I never saw. It turns and turns, it wriggles and twists, in seemingly endless curiosity. It has been said in humorous paradox that that famous example of engineering, the " corkscrew " railway through the Simmering Pass, between Vienna and Trieste, is the only railway in Europe on which a passenger can secure continuously does the train twist, and twirl the nape of his own neck. The " zigzag " line'? in the mountain ranges of New South Wales are also sufficiently astounding in their abel rations from rectitude, but surely the crookedness line, so far as a waterway is concerned, is that of the Yarra. It has been most discourteously and calumnious styled, by those who ought to know better, a dirty ditch. It is not one it is a very river, and it keeps itself at, clean as it can in the direction of cleanliness, circumstances over which it has no control incapacitate the Yarra from doing much. Even as things stand at present, vessels drawing 18" feet of water can get up to the Melbourne wharfs at ordinary tides, and its feet at high tide and this depth is to be augmented. Within the last eight years the depth has been increased more than 2 feet, and ere long the serpentine course of the Yarra may be obviated by the construction of a canal to Sandridge. Tlic- deeptai ing of the entire channel would only cost between a million and a million and a half sterling-a mere flea- bite for Marvellous Melbourne. Pending the cutting of the canal or the widening and further deepening of the Yarra Yarra, the noble steamer Adelaide crept and crawled along her tortuous course as though, like James II. she had an incurable propensity for dark and crooked ways. Ever and anon there secured the highest probability of her plunging her stem into this or that bank of the river. Over and over again the prospect of her sticking in the mud became imminent; but she passed through all her ordeals triumphantly. I am growing case-hardened in the matter of ascending and descend- ing Australian rivers. You follow the course of a nobly bled stream up to Brisbane, and of a tolerably spacious waterway, the Fitzroy River, to Rockhampton in Queensland ; but I have had sore travail in getting up and down the River Mary piet best of names to Maryborough. There, more than once, our steamer has literally stuck in the mud, and we have had to wait till the next tide to get her off again. The brave Adelaide, skilfully conned, stuck not in any mud. Grandly did also shave Fisherman's Bend, and emerge into the open of Hobson's Bay, and so, leaving "o wharfs and is warehouses and the forests of masts behind her, bid ' adieu to Sandridge and Williamstown, and begin, like a thing of life, to walk the waters of the Pacific Ocean. That is to say, at about half-past A the afternoon we had left the wharf at Melbourne soon after 8 we began to roll consu medly. Not so severely, however, as we were defined to Toll on our return, for the Adelaide, outward bound, had a large cargo, and was deep in the water. On the return trip she brought home only a very Small cargo, and rolled incessantly. Well, it is better perhaps to roll than to pitch, and better for a ship to do both than to be wrecked. Whatever may be the state of the weather, there is, in the calmly constituted mind, happily > situated in a body not subject to sea-sickness, a condition of feeling which very often borders upon unmingled felicity. No newspapers, save, perchance, on a long ocean voyage, the little gossiping gazette printed on board, and in which you may pen with impunity should you be privileged to contribute to it-the merest rubbish. No 'post, and consequently no letters. Oh, the joy of nobody writing to you The faculty of being lazy without exposing yourself to rebuke for your indolence, for all your fellow-passengers are as lazy as you are. All these things you should be grateful for on the free and' recorded ocean ; ' but both sea and land have for me another and the strangest of attrac- tions charm almost-in Alisbali- There comes over you from time to time, suddenly, involuntarily now on shipboard, now in a railway train now in the weird and ghastly bush and the jungle like; mallee scrub, now in a weatherboard shanty, and now in a Cobb's coach, now in a cosy club smoking 'room or a brilliantly lit theatre the illusion that you are dead, that you have had at least a foretaste of death, without its ' bitterness. Were you alone onadeseit island the feeling might be of a different nature. You would be only alone, and nothing more. But here, in this newest of new worlds, in these crowded cities, or in these wilds full of skeleton trees, you are impressed some- how or another with the conviction that you have done for good and all with the world in which you used to dwell, and with the life which you once led. You seem to be conversing all day long with ghosts. They may be friendly ghosts, affable ghosts, hospitable ghosts; but they all seem to have abandoned their' corporeal existence, as you were conversant with it, a very long time ago. The dead post seems to be all at once revived, but in a fugitive, shadowy, ephemeral manner. One day a very ancient lady, stately in black satin and lace, calls on you and tells you that she used to handle you in her arms when you were a baby 56 years ago. On the morrow a very old gentleman pays you a visit. He describes a namesake of yours with whom he was acquainted in London in the year 1822 and mentally comparing the description with a certain minia turn which you have at home, 18,000 miles away, you arrive at the conclusion that your namesake was your own father, who died in the year 1828, and whom you never saw. But the old lady and the old gentleman never come again, disembodied spirits, clearly. A reverend gentleman drops in. He was a Grecian at Christ s "Hospital when a dear brother of yours, who has been dead close upon 80 years, was in " Great Erasmus." Were you or another brother of yours a fellow-clerk of a stipendiary magistrate who accosts you-a fellow clerk in the office of the Titles Commissioners in Somerset-place, in the year 1889 ? You must remember, the magistrate odds, Mr. George Routledge was a clerk in the same Government office. Then the stipendiary magistrate vanishes into thin air. You will never see him again. Here is the polite landlord of an hotel up country in New South Wales. He played clown in the very first pantomime that you'll remember having seen, and is laudably proud of still keeping up his annual subscription to the Royal General Theatrical Fund. You shake hands with him after having answered all his questions touching the phenomenal popularity of Henry Irving and' Ellen Terry and you will never see him again. All ghosts that is, they come like shadows and so depart There is, I have heard, a social body of bibliophile in London' of whom Mr. Bernhard Quaritch. or Mr. Wyman may be aware, and who are called " The Odd Volumes." Australia is the country where you fall across the odd volumes of humanity. Anybody's brother. Everybody's nephew. The sweethearts whom you have talked so much pleasant nonsense to, now grown to I be austere dames and grandmothers. The scapegrace and ne'er-do-wells whom you thought to be dead at least a generation since have become persons of authority potent, grave, and reverend seigneurs. But surely they cannot be alive. Surely you are dead, and these are but phantoms. But you awake from the illusion when you find yourself anxiously consulting the shipping advertisements in the newspapers to make sure of the day when the Orient steamship Potosi will leave Williamstown for London, or when the P. and O. steam- ship Valetta will arrive out from home, both noble vessels carrying her Majesty's mails ; you are pleasantly convinced that you lix'O when you lead in the telegraphic intelligence of the Argus or the Sydney Morning Herald that Consols in London have risen to 99. Excelsior ! as to Consols. Resurgam ! as to yourself. Australia is no shadowy land with Necropolis for it capital. It is a country full of man and,maid-teeming with very live flesh-and-blood folk. It is only you who have grown, old, and who, in your time, have known so many sorts and conditions of people. . So the wild waves of the Pacific the sea was at first somewhat ferocious, but it calmed down by noon on the morrow-bore me from the harbour's mouth to find a warmer sky. But I did not exult in the thought that ere I died I should see " the palms and temples of the south." . These palms and temples I have been permitted to see over and over again. Life is tolerable without either palms or temples. But I am very anxious to visit South Australia, the more so for the reason that many persons at Melbourne have amicably counselled me to abstain from visiting South Australia just at present. Great depression prevails there, I have been gravely informed. There is absolutely no money in Adelaide, I have learned from at least half-a-dozen trustworthy sources. We shall see. What is money, after all, but so much bullion dress"? So, while the noble steamship Adelaide ploughs her 10 hours' way through the rolling main I read up a little about the land to which I am bound in the admirably compendious, and in some respects in valuable, Australian Handbook, published by Gordon and Gotch. I shall see Adelaide, Mount Lofty, Mount Barker, Glenelg, Gawler, Kapunda, and Port Augusta, happy. But am I destined, I wonder, to behold Humbug Scrub in the hundred of Para Wirra, and the electorate of Gumeracha? Thanks, Gordon and cloth, for Humbug Scrub. It is only 25 miles north-east of Adelaide, and it hits gold and copper mines. Whole are ye now, Woolloomooloo, and Vegetable Creek, and Dil ty Mary's Gully? Ye little people of the skies of Australian nomenclature, what are you when the sun of Humbug Scrub, in the hundred of Para Wind, and the electorate of Gumeracha, shall rise ? I 