The Teapot Lid. The teapot stood upon a small table, near a window, which was draped with long cur tains. The teapot was said to be silver, and everybody who said so knew it was electro plate, but as it was the property of a most irascible female, whose relatives knew her to be living far below her income, it will not surprise many if they are told that the aaid relation-,_.oa ..*ai: one anothei in the by no means manly or womanly accomplishment of "sneaking." However, Jimmy did not sneak, though he had been carefully trained by an affec tionate mamma and papa for six months prior to his visit to his aunt Jane. He had listened to all directions concerning the mode of treatment most likely to please that lady, but did not say whether he would or would not obey, and acted exactly as he felt in clined when lie reached the home of his aunt. His inclinations and those of the lady clashed before he had been half an hour in her presence, and they would have clashed sooner had Jimmy seen the teapot before. He had been sitting silently gazing upon his aunt's sharp face, and thinking how desti tute of beauty it was, and listening to her sharp voice as she talked to a widely-smiling relation, when his bright eyes beheld the tea pot, and he felt at once the necessity of ris ing and examining it closely. Many a person has pondered over the ex treme plainness of his features when reflected in a tin dipper. How wide his mouth, how narrow his eyes, but how extremely long ! The same result, only a little more so, awaits the student who surveys his countenance in a teapot. I mean a highly-polished electro plate teapot, of course; in the presence of aunt Jane we will not think of anything in the dell line, if you please. That lady's eloquence was at its very best this afternoon; she rattled.away with great animation, say ing the most cutting things possible to her leathsr-skinned relation, who smiled wider each time she was insulted. Jimmy, there fore, was quite unobserved for a short time, during which lie had surveyed the reflection of his round face with great curiosity, and was by no means disposed towards vanity by what he saw. But he was really enjoying himself, there is no disputing that fact. The worse he looked the better he liked it, and, laughing gleefully, though not loudly, he continued his investigations until the pic tures refused to appear at all, his breath hav ing cast a gloom over their sport. A good hard rub with a coat sleeve was about to re. move the fault, when his aunt's sharp eyes fell upon her precious treasure. • You imp I" she screamed, flying towards him. " Oh, you dirty little imp I" and she seized her teapot. Jimmy nearly jumped through the window with astonishment, so sadden was the attack made, "You're a wretch I" shrieked aunt Jane, polishing the sullied treasure. "I aiL't!" replied Jimmy, "and you hotter look out. See that?" "Look out I Look out! What am.I to lkok out for ?" gasped the astounded aunt, who had never been spoken to in anything approaching such language before. Jimmy had not the slightest idea himself of what she had to look out for, but he re peated his speech nevertheless. The other relation was aghast, and sat learly petrified, while the undaunted Jimmy, with the quick perception of a sharp little oelonial as he was, seeing that he was sur prising the company, though ruining his iuture prospects, surprised them still more by saying that he'd be jiggered if he wouldn't breathe hard when he wanted to. "Not on roy teapot then," shrieked his aunt. "If your teapot is handy, blest if I won't," .aid Jimmy. "You imp! Yahl" screamed his aunt, who, incapable of exploding any more for the present, became speechless, though not motionless, as Jimmy discovered about one second after her exclamation, for it was fiished up by a rapid movement towards her nephew, who, immediately afterwards, ca 'sitting on the fender with a rapidly blackening eye, and a lump on his leg, which could be about the size of an emu's egg be. ore it had finished growing. "You think yourself smart, don't yer !" s?ked Jimmy from the fender. He was fraii to get up for fear of being knocked ?:v again, but he was very sarcastic. 1 Margaret," said his aunt, trying to be ln; " what time does the train, where lis young-yah--" she had actually to in :rupt herself, so great was her disgust at snog obliged to mention her nephew, but e pickel up her courage again, and went ?5t ask what time the train left which uld convey the young gentleman to the 3as of his parents once more. Shae relation smiled all the way round to D ,hback of her head, and said she thought -snarrow eveniug at six. Jimmy said 'I'd rather go to the Benevolent Asylum s an stay with you till six to-morrow night." r which aunt Jane replied S "You'll soon be in Pentridge, so you rf eda t be an object of charity before the la makes you one." Having exchanged these compliments, the r ietonate relations separated. Aunt Jane r t the room, the relation of wide smiles lowed her, and Jimmy began to concoct a r aemo of revenge, and cayenne pepper, ly :h capital letters, came to his active mind. "I'll make her sneeze her old nut off," to :doquised the revengeful nephew. .d Ie stealthily crept to the kitchen. No at s was present. Aunt Jane's solitary hand Id iden was absent, but the cayenne pepper ispresent. or "f I don't make her sneeze her old nut again soliloquised Jimmy, and he atghtway conveyed the popper into the I: "ence of the teapot. What he did to a teapot maybe imagined by some, but as ryhady has not got the gift of irrmagina !o. 2fhad better mention the trifling fact, ch is that James (we had better say I5 now that he is a conspirator) put Ot one pound and a half of cayenne Iper into the teapot, and then sat down on I fola, and waited for revenge I l?oys of ten years of age are not patient, Iagh, and James was only ten and a ter. His copper-toed boots had only lo. gld from the sofa four minutes, when he Cr1 to yearn for fresh air. I'll clear out and have a game till it's ?, he soliloquised, and out he went. "tt 'hie shades of night wvere falling fast," .-o' Jaaes, refreshed by foot-ball, ap Ced again. * here was no possibility of keeping him of tha sitting-room, for, with the excep Sof the kitchen, not a glimmer of light red itself from any other room. The Co lner in the kitchen was exclusively de l0to the devotions of Maggie, thie general o. at, and Fredrick tihe butcher (followrvers -niOt allowved, but they camne just tihe Sam though they were) ; and Jimmy, Ih not anxious to meet his aunt Jane, a that meeting compulsory. Affec \- iegreetings between a young man in Outchering or any other line, and a rg person in service, are not interesting aople of ten or thereabouts, and the mer made James sick, so did Maggie,. hae concluded that the sitting room S afford him more pleasure under the So to the sitting-room he marched, and aunt Jane bestowed a glare upon him which; meant hate, if ever a glare did. Now comes the startling part. I mentioned those long, thick window-' blinds before, and I said that the teapot stood on'a table, and the table stood near the window. James, like the alien he was, only ventured inside of the sitting-room, and dropped down upun a fot- stooul. Aunt Jane's ferocious glances were duly acknowledged by him, and, having scowled as savagely as he could, he began to look about him. Aunt Jane was crocheting, relation number one was doing ditto, so was relation number two, but' as relations numbers three and four were of tile male species, they couldn't crochet, so they smiled at aunt Jane, and tried to make that spinster believe that they were disinterested in their friendship. James' glances roved from one face to the other, without feeling much interest in any of them. He would have been pleased had aunt Jane smilingly lifted the lid from the teapot; but no, she didn't approach the tea pot. Itavas' moat exasperating for a youth of Jimmy's lively temperament to sit there scarcely daring to breathe for fear of being ordered out, and to know that his eye was black, and his leg swelling (all the more from football), yet no revenge seemed likely to reward his efforts.' Aunt Jane's needle clicked, so did relation number one's, so did relation number two's, and both young gentlemen looked very agreeable. Suddenly, click I there was a strange sound, Aunt Jane gave a jump, and both lady relatives imitated her. " What's that 1" said aunt Jane. Four relations looked wretched at the thought that they could not explain. "What was that ?" demanded aunt Jane again. "A ghost," ventured Jimmy, quaking slightly for. fear he should be right, but eager to say something unpleasant. " You go to bed," said aunt Jane coldly. " Won't," replied Jimmy briskly. "Whatever could that sound have been ?" said aunt Jane, ignoring her nephew, be .cause she saw no other way of treating that youth. "Oh, perhaps it's a cricket," volunteered one young gentleman, and the other said it was lucky to have crickets about a house, but Jimmy spoilt the illusion by saying that crickets didn't go off like a pop-gun, " You go to bed," said aunt Jane again. "Won't," replied Jimmy, exactly as he had said :t before; and hardly had the words escaped her lips, when SClick I click click I went the extraor. dinary, sound again. Aunt Jane became rigid, so did each female relative, and' the two young gentle :men looked a littlu pale. Jimmy looker startled, and began to wonder whethes cayenne pepper was explosive. Aunt Jane looked towards the window. The sounds certainly had come 'from that lirection, but the window was closed, an. though the slte roof of the house prevente" rain from making itself heard, a pattering sound against the window denoted that rain was falling, and too heavily to en courage anyone in practical jokes, if stand ing unprotected outside. Click! click I click I click I most solemnly, and down on the floor dropped one spinster, clasping the somewhat spare knee of aunt Jane. "Aunt Jane I aunt Janel" moaned she; " that sOas the teapot lid I" "Nonsense," said aunt Jane impatiently; "Go to bed." That seemed to be'her .sovereign remedy for all ills. " Is it the end of the world ?" asked the relation. Click I click I click I click I Had it.been a silvery moonlight light, with bright stars glowing from a clear sky, no one would have felt quite so bad. They might have experienced a tremor, as spiritualistic thoughts darted through their minds, but it would not have lasted. It is a very dif ferent thing, though, to get a supernatural feelinj onra tempestuous stormy night. Jimmy felt awfully, and would have em braced aunt Jane to show his forgiveness for the injury she had inflicted upon him, had he been able to move, but he couldn't,:and while staring at the tea-pot with a pair of eyes big enough for basins, he saw that iden tical lid open as wide as ever it could, and then shut with a click I The mystery of the sound was discovered, but as the discoverer was speechless from terror, no one was any the.wiser, and Jfmmy felt inclined to say his prayers without any more delay. He might have said- them too, could he have spo!en, but as he couldn't he sat as rigid as a rock, and catching sight of aunt Jane's " nut" felt glad in a solemn sort of way that it had not been sneezed off through any agency of his. No one said much till they had got out of the room, which all proceeded to do very shortly. -' Jimmy his copper-toed' boots rattling like a pair ofbones in the experienced hands of a Christy minstrel, was one of the first to depart, and as he left the room some diaboli cal fascination caused him to look at the teapot, only to behold the lid majestically raise itself on its hinges, yawn and drop with a click again. It was mysterious, and alarming. The hearts of five adults and one juvenile sounded nearly as loud as the ticking of a clock so, at least, each possessor thought, as with dis tended eyeballs each terrified individual looked at the other. Hardly had they got clear of the room, when snap, snap, snap, and click, click, click went the teapot lid, and not only six or seven times but dozens, and dozens of times -in fact, far worse than when they were present, and so loudly that they could all hear it with frightful distinct ness. Of course nothing but a supernatural pre sence could cause such an extraordinary pro. ceeding. Everybody was agreed on that point, for the sound alone was suggestive of spirit-rapping. Without cessation it kept up its lively strain for about ten minutes, when suddenly breaking through this now familiar sound came forth a most prodigious sneeze I " Good Heavens 1" ejaculated aunt Jane, " the teapot's sneezing i" It soon sneezed againt, and kept it up, so thoroughly that it had to leave off its other performances for a minute, and a most manly sneezer it was. You would have thought it was a man and no teapot at all. Jimmy whose remembrance of cayenne pep per in the teapot had not for one moment failed him, felt a little less frightened now. Bravely he approached his aunt, " Can I get round to that window from the hack door ?" asked he. " I'd like to have a look into that room." " You want to go and look at a room-full of evil spirits, do you ?" asked his aunt in a sepulchral whisper. Jimmy had private opinions about the oc cupant.of the room, but he said he wouldn't mind looking at evil spirits if they were to be seen.. His" aunt, too miserable to bo snappy, showed-him the way out, and James, who had enticed the amorous butcher to accome. pany him, because he felt a little bit shaky though' he would have fought you.had you liaid so-ran round to the window, bentk on discovery. The thick curtains nearly covered thl windeiw, and the blind vWaq never ~nlleI down in consequence. As the window over looked a garden, there was no publicity. The: two spies cautiously peeped through, and be held a slightly- built man seated upon the table, sneezing away as eiergetically as though he had come there for no other pur. pose, and beside him the cayenne pepper in a heap, from which rose a cloud of dust as good as snuff for sneezing purposes. He had upset the teapot I So confident, however, was he that everyone who had been in the room thought the antics of the teapot had been caused by spirits that no fear of detec tion troubled him, He was dropping the lid up and down, and sneezing with perfect ease of mind, thinking that so long as the mysterious sound continued, no one would dare to venture back into the room. Greatly astounded was he, however, when two long. legged policemen entered, followed by the butcher, Jimmy, the two quaking young teentlemen, and the proprietor of the teapot. He was quickly overpowered, and taken off the premises. The room contained a chest in which aunt Janekept her rent, and it was with the intention of possessing himself of this that the humorous gentleman had at tempted his trick on the teapot. It was afterwards discovered that he had hidden himself beneath the heavy curtains, having found his way into the room in the dusk. By tying a piece of very thin silver cord round the rosebud on top of the teapot lid, he had, by pulling this, easily opened it. It was impossible for anyone not suspicious of such a trick to suspect it, because the handle of the teapot was nearly hidden by the curtains, and the silver cord tied round the rosebud was invisible, unless examined closely. Had it not been for Jimmy's undutiful con duct towards his aunt, the robber would have succeeded in his design, so it is no use to be always doing right, that's evident, which is such a" dreadfully immoral doctrine to teach that I won't continue the subjeot. Besides, I'm filling up too much space. 