£rnjis or fzeiuu. Russia akd Ekglakd. — The war news for the past few days has been generally of a more peaceful character, though neither side is relaxing in the effort to prepare for the anticipated straggle. The Daily ATet a of yesterday states that a reply of a concili atory character has been received from Russia to the proposal made by the British Govern ment to submit General KomarofFs Penjdeh " incident " to arbitration. The Neius fur ther states that the Russian reply had been favorably considered by the British Cabinet. Earl Granville, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, speaks confidently of a pacific settle ment of the Afghan difficulty. The Rifle Club Delegates' Meetikg. — Mr. W. G. Farroll, the delegate for the Hamilton Rifle Club, forwarded to ue last night a telegraphic account of the consultation meeting, held yesterday at the Defence Department, between the Minister of Defence ana the assembled delegates sent by tbe various rifle clubs in different parts of the colony. It will be noted that the Premier and Attorney-General were also present. The following is Mr. Barrel's tele gram: — ""Upwards of one hundred dele gates from the various rifle clubs, met at the defence office to-day (Monday), to consider the regulations affiliating Rifle clubs to the Militia. Mr. Service (Premier) addressed the meeting, and was followed by Colonel Sargood (Minister of Defence) and Mr. Kerferd (Attorney-General.) Two hours were occupied with tbe consideration of de tails and suggestions made by representa tives from nearly every district in the colony, which were carefnlly noted by the Minister. Objections were taken to the oath including sea service, and questions were asked regard ing the supply of uniforms and rifles, the number of drills required, compensation to wonnded men, and other similar mattof Colonel Sargood is to submit the information to tiie Council of Defence, with a view of altering the regulations in accordance with the wishes of the meeting. Mr. Kerferd enlogised the movement as being the most creditable that had ever occurred iu "Victoria. Great enthusiasm was manifested. The defence meeting closed with cheers for Colonel Sargood." Further particulars of the conference, from our Melbourne corres pondent, will be found in our telegraphic columns. . presentation to Mb. J. Mlranmiv The subscription lists in aid of a testimonial to Mr. John Mackiehan are, we believe, being liberally filled. In distant parte of the colony the valuable services rendered to municipal government by Mr. Mackiehan are being recognised, and, donbtless, the matter will be mentioned at the many shire council meetings held on the first Wednesday in the month. A commendable suggestion has been made to the effect tbat instead of presenting Mr. Mackiehan with plate or sovereigns/it would te a more pleasing compliment to present him with paid np shares in (he Union Trustees Company, in which, as secre tary, he is taking a lively interest. The Wab Scare.— Referring to our item of news in Satnrday's issue in reference to the war scare occasioned by running up the Ere Brigade's flag on the tower, to prevent any further false alarm, Mr. Carter theoaptain, orb made tbe following arrangements -—The hoisting of the large flag, with the initiate of the Brigade, will denote a meeting of the members, and the hoisting of the small plain red flag that war has been declared. When war is declared, an alarm will be rung by the firebell; bnt the public may easily dis tinguish between this and an alarm of fire, as, in the former case, a continual alarm will he rung, whilst in the latter ajtg,. the alarm, the bell is tolled to denote what part of the town the fire is situated Important Notice to Masters of vessels and others are by a notification In the Gen eminent Gaadtc of Friday that it may be necessary at nnv momaa for the aafety of the Port and the protection of life and property, to remove the facilities now afforded for the safe navi gation Port Phillip. Asa warning that ami at have been taken, and that no rassel wall be permitted toenter Bort Phillip Beads between sunset and sunrise, the Brant Lonsdale and Qaeenscliff hjghiSa low lights wm be extinguished, and also the lights m the South and Wert The buoys will also be removed, rendering the navigation dangerous except to dnly licensed pilots. No venel will be permitted to enter Port Phillip Heads between snnset and sun rise. At the present juncture the Defence Department may at any time exhibit one or more electric lights from the vicinihre of f>n«q.n«o1iff and Point Nepean ; ench lights must not be mistaken for guiding lights, as they will be dangerously misleadmB for navi gating purposes, their object being to guard the eatranoe to Port Phillip Heads against a night surprise. The following telegram, re- ceived from the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, Ib also published for general information : — The channel giving access to Port Jackson to westward of Sow and Pigs has been closed since the SSfch ApriL Buoys painted red, and mounted with red flagB, will be placed between certain points marked off by such buoys, and no vessels or boats will, under any circumstances, be per mitted to pass within such points. From snnset to sunrise red lighte will be exhibited at that opening of the channel." The Cabahut Races are to be held to-morrow and seeing that a decidedly attractive bill of fare will be offered it is much to be regretted tnat many mmm- tonians who are reserving themselves for the Portland meeting on Thursday and Friday, will be unable to attend at Caramut. This more especially on account of the excellent patronage accorded to the Hamilton gather ing by the residents of Penshurst and Caramut. Experience goes to show that a great mistake has been made thiB season in holding meetings so closely together, and we would ngMJ" urge upon members of clubs the necessity of all tbe secretaries meeting to appoint dates that will not clash. Ttnc Portlakdebb hold their race meeting on Thursday and Friday, and when the general entries have been made to morrow evening, it is expected there will be good lists. What a pity that no arrange ments have been made for detuning the morning train at Hamilton for an hour or two. Had this been done there would have been a much larger representation of this town than will be the case now, as the time at which the train leaves here is only suitable for the very earliest of birds. Mr. Moore, hon. secretary to tbe Portland Racing Club, telegraphing last night, says : — " A great number of horses have arrived in town, and there is every prospect of a good meeting. The Railway department have granted Fri day excursion fares from Lnbeck and intermediate stations." An advertisement in frTnthp.r column gives some farther par- ticalarB with reference to exenision tickets. Disqualification of Geohge Hex. It is said to be the intention of Mr. G. Rex to appeal to the Victoria Racing Club against tbe verdict of the Warrnambool Club, who have disqualified him for ever. In tbe meantime the raring public are anxious to know whether Royal Mail, entered by Mr. Boncbier, who is said to be Mr. Rex s brother-in-law, for some events at the Port land meeting, will be allowed to start there. Both clubs race under the V. R» C. rales, bat though, as a matter of etiquette, tbe Portland Club should disqualify Mr. Bex, they are not, we are told, compelled to support the verdict until it has been approved of by the V. R. C. H&miltonians; present at Warrnambool, and fully conver sant with the circumstances of tbe case, agree with the disqualification, but some appear to be of opinion that having debarred Mr. Rex from ever again going on to that coarse, they have no power to also fine him. It is probable, however, the opinion of tbe V. R. C. Committee will be asked, and in the meantime farther comment would be inju dicious. The Borough Election. — The Mayor, as Returning -ofi&cer;, elsewhere noti fies that Messrs. W. Steele, A. T. Camp bell, and S. Stretch have been nominated as candidates for the seat at the Hamilton Bcroogh Council, recently filled by Mr. Walter ; and that a poll will be taken on Friday, the 15th May, commencing at eight o'clock in the morning and terminating at fire o'clock in the afternoon. The election will be held in the Town Hall, Meterologicax, — The weather on Saturday was about as unseasonable as any we had daring the very curious summer of 1884-85. The heat in sunshine was great, something approaching a hot wind prevailed, tbe streets were filled with dust, and the hose had to be freely used. This was a very unusual state of affairs for the time of year. On Sunday a cooler rtgvttvt set in, and during Monday occasional showers fell. Later on in the evening it commenced to blow bard from the northward, partially clearing off the clouds and the rain. After midnight the wind abated ; tbe clonds again gathered, and gentle run set in. Dunkeld Rifle Club. — The public meeting called by advertisement was held at "VYomersley's Hotel, Dunkeld, on Saturday night, and was very well attended. Mr. Kennedy was voted to the chair, and ex plained the object for which the meeting had been called, viz., to consider a circular from Defence Department. The circular was read by the secretary, after which 38 of those present agreed to enrol themselves as volun teers. Mr. Dnfton, secretary of the Fens- hurst Club, was appointed to act as delegate at tbe meeting in Melbourne, and the secre tary was instructed to wire hi to tbat effect. Hie meeting then adjourned till the report of conference would be received from Mr. Dnfton. Nabracoorte. — The annual meeting of the Nanacoorte Coursing Club was held on Saturday, when it was decided to hold the Moyfaall Cup Meeting on 16th J nu« and following days. The Cup is a trophy, value fifty guineas, presented by members of the Club, added to a sweepstake of three guineas for all ages, and number of dogs un limited. Nominations with sweepstake to be in the handR of the Secretary on Tuesday, 2nd June. Mr. J. Gaple has been requested to act as J udge. Hie Club now numbers over 50 members and is in a good financial position. Ltrrt. Action. — We are informed tbat Messrs. Samuel and Horwitz hare issued a writ against the Hydney Bulletin on behalf of Mr. Carleton, a journalist, re siding in Melbourne, for an alleged libel con tained in a recent issue. Mr. Carleton is a son of the well-known n.velist of that name, author of " Willy Reilly" and other popu lar works. The Recent Shooting Accident. — The child, Ewen Cameron, aged three years, who was accidently shot by his brother, at North Hamilton on the 22nd nit., died yesterday afternoon from the effects of the injnries. A magistria! inquiry will be held by Mr. Orme, P.M., at half-past ten o'clock this morning, at the residence of the de ceased's parents, North Hamilton. Fatal Mining Accident. — An accident by which a miner, named Richard Reynolds, lost his life, and another, named David Rasser, narrowly escaped the same fate, occurred on Saturday afternoon at the Central Catherine mine, Eaglehawk. Tbe men were opening out and preparing to timber the winze, when about three tons of stone of a V shape fell from a slide' Reynolds, who was picking the stuff down, received the weight of one epd, which in flicted injuries to bis spine, and broke some of bis ribs. He was removed to the Bendigo Hospital, where be died an hour and a quarter after admission. The deceased was ! yf818 leaves a widow and two children. A Tiger at Large. — A great scare has been caused at Chiltern by a report that a tiger escaped at Mansfield from a menagerie - ume time ago, and has been in that and the 1 Wangaratta district ever since. Mysterious disappearances of sheep and other nmm»te are pnt down to the tiger. On Friday night it was seen by the railway gatekeeper be tween Chiltern and Barnawartha. The members _of the rifle corps and the police are out hunting for the wnimal to S. A J. C. at Flemxkgton, — The first day's taring of the South Aus tralian Jockey Club was held at Flemington on Saturday in the presence of a fur nnmber of spectators. The First Handle Hace was won by Sir Patrick, with Old- Sonl second and Echo third. The Broker won the St. Leger, and the Goodwood Handicap fell to Lantern, Lord Wilton bring second and The Ghost third. Juanna, Bemusand The Teacher ran 1st 2nd and 3rd for the Sires Produce Stakes. Pyrette earned off the Victoria Handicap, i The race for the AdelaideCup will be toe chief attraction on Thursday, Be Readt.— His Excellency the Go- Jirecta, in Friday's Oovernment Qo- eeffe, that public polire be given to all naval penrinncis, and to a!l officers and mra ofthe Bqyal Naval Reserve, to hold themseWfn raadman to he called out kt short notice. Murder of a Japanese Diploma flba ttkt. — At Rotterdam, recently, the Japanese hH Charge d' Affairs for the Netherlands, Sake- IHI rada, was assassinated under the folloiriee HH circumstances : — While residing in Brussels HH Sakurada bad made the acquaintance of a l&flD; young Belgian woman, named Jeannie Marie HH Lorette, living in the subnrb of Molenbeck HH St. Jean. On his removal to the Hague last HH December she followed him hither, appa- QHI rently in the expectation of marriage. Her Hi hopes in this direction were, however UnH destined to disappointment, as she ultimatelr 99 succeeded in ascertaining that Sabnrada HH already had a lawful wife in Japan. After a HH violent straggle between Mdlle. Jeanne and H9 Sakurada, the latter left her and went to ISHi Gouda. Thither the lady followed him, and HH ultimately they proceeded together to |jHj Rotterdam, alighting at the Hotel de BMBwH TTnltendn There a fresh quarrel took place 99 in the course of which tbe lady drew a 1H9 revolver from her pocket and fired at her BBH paramour. The ball penetrated the right temple of Sakurada, who was at once con- H|ffl veyed to the Rotterdam Hospital, where he B| shortly after expired. Mdlle. Jeanne, after 9H shootine Sakurada, attempted to commit n9H suicide by cutting open the veins of her jJBl wrists, but the wounds she inflicted on her- SHI self were not dangerous. The murderess, SHI who is only twenty-one years of ae, has MM been placed under arrest. JjHH Ageicultukai, Colleges Act. — The iffl following gentlemen have been appointed as fflPjjH Returning Officers for the election of mem- MSB here of the Council of Agricultural Education |SH in connection with the Agricultural Colleges J|h| Artj 1884 : — Southern Part, Thomas Patter- 99| eon ; Northern Part, H. M. Marks ; Korth- ff3n Western Fart, T. B. Golden ; South-Western '3H Part, W. T. Kimpton ; Eastern Part, A. A 19j| M'Millan. The dates for holding the elections JHH will be fixed dnrinpr the present week. W8| A Cricketing Coincidence.— a 91 Hew Zealand Club, tbe Gorden, recently made a tour, during which they played three |M matches. When the batting averages were 99 compiled, it was fonnd that the two highest r® were exactly the same, viz., 4 inn. 1 not ifS out, most in an innings 24 ; total 55, average fiojaj IS'L It is to be doubted if another instance Iffigp rari be mentioned to tally with this. pHK Stock and Station Saxes. — Messrs Ettershank, Eagles tone, and Mann (In con- junction with Messrs. Macdermott, Longh- BBS p»Tit and Scarr) report having sold on account raRft of Messrs. lioughnan, M4Callum, and Co., eSSS their Heylambo and Barnato stations, situated on the Darling River, in the Albert £&> district of New South Wales, consisting of the following blocks: — Mount M'Pherson East, Outer Mount M'Pherson East, Basin Bank, Keilor North block C, Boorborowie, Tankarook, Greenough's-hlll No. 3 block D, Donald's Plains B, Donald's Plains C, Donald's Plains D, Donald's Plains E, Donald's Plains F, Donald's Plains G, San- ® kin's "HiD No. 4 block C, Rankin's-hill, No. |g| 4 bloek D, and Rankin's-hill No. 4 block E, comprising an area of about 848,000 acres of Crown lands and 2,366 acres of purchased land, together with about 105,232 sheep, / 207 head of cattle, 164 horses, plant, imple- , ments, &c.;, at a satisfactory price, tbe n buyers being Messrs. Tally, Armstrong, and . Co. j A .Rifle Match open to members |\|g of the Penshurst, Knrabeal, and Dunkeld rivQ Clubs, will be held at Dunkeld on May 14th. The first prize will be a trophy, value £5, ; .S presented by Mr. Howell, of Devon Park. iV '|l It has been derided to adopt the military position for this match. Large entries are 1 ! expected, and a good day's shooting is antici- ; pated. ? Cabahut Rifles. — Nineteen mem- hers of the Caramut Rifle Club have signed < their names up to tbe present date, as being '.$ willing to join the Victoria Defence Reserve, and it is expected that many more will iol- low suit. ,vi Dbum and Fife Band. — We are re- ;i quested to inform tbe members of tbe old Drum and Fife Band that a meeting will be r j; held in tbe practice room. Gray-street, at right o'clock on Wednesday evening nest, for the purpose of forming a new band. All those interested are earnestly requested to attend. < The Land Act. — Licenses approved, ; £ sec. 19 — f. Perry, 320a, r. Beddell. 20a, : ;/ Hocamboro ; John Hurley, 233a, James : j Hurley, 320a, Youpayang ; t. n. Ryan, ryj 320a, Kaladbro ; w. Turley, 102a, Bah- -p gallah ; t. Murrell, 50a, j. Annett, 74a, a |;f| t. Anderson, 320a, Werrikoo; w. Cooper, , f 100a, w. Harvey, jun., -320a, Hotspur ; h. Stoney, 133a, Digby and Weecurra ; j. m m'Phee, 62a, Dergholm ; d. m 'In tyre, goa. g Helen j. Livingstone, 149a, Ardno ; Donald Grant, 100a, t. j. Povey, 300a, Watae- ji's poolan ; Hugh Lewis, s4&, Digby ; w. Ellis, - 320a, Nagwarry ; Harry Tnffhell, Nan- :;;v geela ; Janet w. Shanks, 320a, Tooloy ; j. j. Creed, 142a, t- h. Moresey, 50a, Wilkin ; f a g. Cain, 152a, g. R. Adamson, 255a, j Myamyn ; r. Hansbridge, 60a, Glenaulin ; b i e. c. Fidler, 100a, j. Price, 240a, r. , ; MKrniness, 240a, w. Dunn, 160a, j. Ban- i nam, jnn., 120a, Annya ; j. Pratt, 150a, s. |- Bull, jun., 220a, Mumbannar; j. Dunn, 320a, Annya and Myamyn ; t. w. Wilson, 70a, a. Simpson, 40a, Gorea ; f. Spencer, i -j 84a, Dartmoor ; w. h. Swain, 146a, Bal | ; rook ; r. g. Be&uglehole;, 63a, d. Compton, I 40a, Monrie; t. Murphy, 320a, DrikDrik;e. \ j. Jones, 100a, Glenelg ; a. Rossie, 100a, |- Woohlpooer j g-. Harris, 27a, Pannyyabr ; f w. Rogers, 105a, Pendyk Pendyk ; Lucy v m. AlLirdyce, 162a, Winyayung; p. Fitz- l- geral, 320a, Yarramyljup ; a. Stewart, i - 320a, Ganoo Ganoo ; c. Creed, 320a, Wil- ||-t kin ; w. j. Hanson, 224a, Lucy Tucker, ftp 319a, Bringalbaxt ; Jessie Ross, 320a, | | Toolongrook ; w. Lewis, 250a, Awonga. v Sec. 119. — James Templeton, grazing license, jjfe 23a, Bogalara. Licenses revoked, sec. 47. — j. Byrne, 20a, Yuppeckiar ; sec. 19. — n. t. Burgess, 80a, Mumbannar, Daisy Garton, 320a, Woohlpoeer; j. Spearing, 169a, ;j- Myamyn. Lease transfers registered, sec. 20— t. Forster to j. t. Dannocks, 320a, Casterton ; w. Walters to j. Benn and j. Grice, 286a., Wookurkook ; t. Murphy to Jervis Johnson, 312a, Drik Drik. leases | r; approved, sec. 20. — Sarah m 'Donald, 319a, l Telangatuk ; w. Hutching, 190a, Carrak. ;; . Natimuk. — A (xozettt notice states that the temporary reservation made by Order of tbe 29th November 1875, of thirty- % six acres two roods thirteen perches of land in the parish of Natimuk, being allotment | 55, as a rite for watering purposes, is about to be revoked. Public and Bank Half-Holidays o are gazetted to be observed at Portland, on ?| Thursday and Friday next, 7th and Sth | May, the days of the annual races. if Sandfobd. — Mr. Maurice O'Connell k has been appointed to act as Deputy Regis- j trar of Births and Deaths at Sandford, in | the room of Mr. t. s. Anderson, resigned. 1 Rainfall. — The rainfall at "Victoria 1 Valley for the month of April last amounted % to 097 Inches. The rainfall at Melville Forest for the same month was 136 inches, . and for the year 576 inches. Apsley. — The following gentlemen have been gazetted as a committee of man agement of a reserve for a racecourse aud other pnrposes of public recreation in the town of Apsley: — Messrs. Francis Liddiard, | William Denton Clarke, John Henry || Priestly, William Thomas Hoare, Richmond | Hope, and Adam Gordon Laidlaw. | government Contracts. — Tenders i will be received at the Public Works Office, | Melbourne, for the following works : — New | Shed, Repairs, Ac , Post and Telegraph | Office, Coleraine. Particulars also at Post 1 and Telegraph Office, Coleraine. Prelitni- i nary deposit, £5. Sth May (Friday). New | Police Station, Harrow, Particulars also at | Police Station, Harrow. Preliminary deposit, | £5, Final deposit, 10 per cent, 14th May. 1 Approaching Land Sale. — A sale | of Crown Land in fee simple will be held at 1 Casterton on Tuesday, 2nd Jnne. Detailed i particplatagf tbe land to be offered are given | in the iJovemsnent Gazette of Friday last. The 1 sale will take place at 11 o'clock a.m. at the | Auction Ropm of Messrs. Cassen and Ingpen, i Casterton. tfaa land -comprises town lots at i Edenhope, and country lands in the counties i of Lowan, Dundas, Follet, and Normauby. i The Diseases in Stock Act. — Re- i gelations under this aot are published in the i Government Gazette of Friday with regard to i the introduction into the colony of Victoria i of camels, deer, antriopes, and goats, to 1 which animals the provisions of the Act baye \ been extended by the Governor-in-Conncil. j Tbe regulations refer to the landing and i quarantining oi say of the named 1 suffering from scab, scabies, or lice, and to i tiie measures of prevention required to be i adopted. I 