INSTALLATION OF A KNIGHT OF BT. GREGORY. A VERY impressive ceremony-the firet of its kind in Tasmania, if not in the colonies-took place on Sunday last in St. Mary's Cathedral, Hobart, when the Hon. Ohristopher O'Beilly was, by the special order of his Holiness the Pope, installed a Knight of the Order of bt. Gregory the Great. There was a very large congregation, the cathe dral being crowded. Pontifical High Mass was celebrated, the clergy present being the Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, Very Rev. Deans Beechinor, of Launceston, and Woods, Revs. Fathers Gilleran, James Murphy, and T. M. O'Callaghan. The bishop wore his jewelled mitre, and bore his pastoral staff in the pro cessions, and the clergy were attired in full canonicals. At the close of the celebration of the mass, which was Farmer's in B flat, with orchestral ac companiment, and beautifully rendered, the Hon. C. O'Reilly, attended by his squire, Mr. Leventhorpe Hall, took his place in the sanctuary, where kneeling stools and armchairs had been arranged. The sword was placed upon a cushion, and the cross in a silver salver on a table fronting the recipient. The Latin brief was then read, after which Dean Beechinor read the official letter from his Eminence Cardinal Bimeona, transmitting the above brief to the Bishop of Hobart. The Eson. C. O'Reilly, attended by his squire, Mr. L. Hall, who wore a beauti ful cameo, which was presented to him by Pope Pins IX., then came forward to the bishop. Mr. Hall then presented Mr. O'Reilly in these words:--" We place before you this squire, humbly beseech ing that in your fatherly kindness you would accept his desires that he may become worthy of associating among knights." The bishop then put a number of questions relating to the character necessary to possess to obtain this high rauik, and after certain formulas Mr. O'Reilly was initiated as a -knight of St. Gregory the Great. The blessing of the sword having been concluded, the new knight was conducted to the bishop's feet, who pre sented him with the sword, saying "I present you with this sword in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, to use it in your own defence, and in defence of God's Church, to the confusion of the enemies of the cross of Christ and the Christian faith, and if human frailty permitted not to strike unjustly, and may you be worthy of this great dig nity." The new knight then put the sword in its scabbard and fastened it to his side, the bishop in the meanwhile saying, " Gird thy sword tightly to thy side, and remember that the saints, not by the sword, but by faith conquered kingdoms." The knight then rose from his knees, advanced to the front of the congregation, and performed several passes with his sword, which he afterwards wiped on his coat sleeve. The bishop having given him the kiss of peace, saying pox tecune, then touched the kneeling knight on the. head and on each shoulder with the naked sword, saying, " Be thou a peaceful soldier, ready and faithful and devoted to God." The bishop next administered a slight blow to the knight on the cheek, sayntg, s ABrip from the aleepof malice and watch in the faith of Christ, and wvith praiseworthy fame.". The cross, the insignia of the order, was blessed and pinned. next the heart of the knight, after which he kissed the episcopal ring and retired.-Lflolarr 3fecrcurly. 