Australasian Wesleyan Missionary Society. SPECIAL SERVICES AT PABRAMAATA. TUB services in the Wesleyan Church. Macquane-street, on Sunday last, were held in oonneotion with a special effoit thatisbeinK mido to raise funds m aid of the missions of the church m Polynesia and elsewhere, rendered.necessary by the recent withdrawal of all aid from the old country. The sermons were preached by the Rev. Dr. Kclynack, one of the most celobrated of Australian preachers, the result being a larger attendance than ordin a !">'' ^ny *>f our readers have previously enjoyed the privily of listening to Dr. Kelvnack, but there may be some who have not, and who will be interested in knowing what he is Ult e - For the benefit of the litter we may mention that he is a well- preserved gentleman, apparently of later middle age, of medinm height, and rather thickly set, with a round full dean-shaven face-tte chin showing just the least possible tendency to repeat itself below—gray, almo3t white, hair brushed up nil around, and with largo and speaking eyes. At first view in the pulpit he irresistibly reminds one of the colony's great lay orator, and the well-chosen language, the redundant imagery, and the great inflexional power of the voicepossessing to the full aU the beauties of the org rotunao together with other exceptional elocutionary gifts, render the parallel more noteworthy still. If one could imagine Mr. Dalley in the_pulpit and Dr. Kelynack at the bar—or banquet table-he would find that in each case he had gone near to reproducing the present state of things in another form. We do not propose to attempt any description of the discourses or of the manner of their delivery, beyond saying that they were certainly fan? I to any hitherto delivered in Parramatta, and OB far above ordinaiy sermonising as Faradise Lost or Hamlet may be considered conBt .nt reader " with a grievance. The text in the morning was Isaiah xliii, 1-3— • But now thus saith the Lord that created thee, O Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, Fear not: for I have redeemed thee, I have called thee by thy name; thou art mine. When thou passest through the waters I will be with thee; and through the rivers they shall not overflow thee: wheu thou walkest through the fite thou shalt not be burnt; neither shall the flame kindle upon llieo. For I ain tho Lord thy God, the Holy One of Israel, tby Saviour." After a very Bhort description of the occasion for the first deliverance of this message to the Israelitish nation in time of trouble, the preacher weut on to Bay that in its secondary or all time application it inculcated a doctrine, and taught a duty. The doctrine was that God never foraook hiB people, but that sooner or later deliverance would come. Fire and water symbolised nt all times trouble and affliction, but God's children were taught that no matter how dark the wayhow heavy fho cross—they were accompanied by his sustaining power, and that Booner or later tbe difficulties would be overcome and tbe obstacles trampled under foot. Glowing passages told of God's love and power, pathetic anecdotes instanced faith on the part of some now passed away, and-in a fervent manner was the duty referred to inculcated—the duty of bust and reliance on an ever-present God. The discourse was considerably longer than is usual, but all seemed disappointed rather than otherwise when the end came. In the evening the text was 1 Cor., iv., 20—" For the kingdom of God is not in word but in power." The discourse dealt with the reciprocal duties of pulpit and pew. The gist of it may bo said to be comprised in the contention that while every preacher should cultivate to the utmoBt bis poweis of elocution, of logic, and of incisive and trenchant dealing with his hearers, he Bhould nt all times rank these as Becond to the power given , by inspiration from on high, and that though it was only natural that each hearer should prefer some particular description of preacher he should recognise in each the messenger from God, or rather the channel through which the message came. Part of the discourse was devoted to a disquisition into the of the limited success of the churoh's efforts in these days, and to the shortcomings on uj p.ix of moso professing to possess experimental religion, but showing none of its miBsioiary spirit, and failing to live up to it in a man er to make it apparent to those with whom ;hey came in oontact that they possessed a rolir i ra which affected their life end conduct. As in the case of the morning's discourse l lie language was beautiful in the extreme, the ulnstrations well choien and graceful, and the oratory, in short-, of a kind that wi 11 long live in the memory of everyone present. The singing was good throughout, or nearly so. The first hymn in the morning was sung to a tune the congregation did not appear generally to be acquainted, with, and Dr. Kelynack subsequently expressed a hope that the remaining musical portions of the service would be given with more thoroughness by those present. A very practical response to this WBB given, and the congregational singing thereafter was much bettor. The choir as usual was fully up to its work. Before the first lesson " Come Holy Ghost" was chanted to the fitst in Mercer's collection, and before the second lesson " Art thou weary " was sung to the tune Stephanos. The tunes to the regular hymns were all well chosen. MUB Barker presided at the organ with her customary ability. Tho introductory voluntary was an adaptation of Goss's anthem, " O taste and see "; for tbe offertory an andante of Gliick's was played, and the concluding voluntary was "And the glory of tbe Lord " from the " Messiah." The hymn tunes in tbe evening were all appropriate, and joined in with zest by the congregation. Before the lesBon "Even me," from Sankey's collection, was sung. The opening .voluntaiy was '"For He shall feed," from the "Messiab." For the offertory an andante of Mendelssohn's was played, the concluding voluntary t"~ ! march from Guonod's " Redemption.*' 