SPORTING NOTES . Despite the absence of a number oi ring men in Tasmania a fair amount of business has been done during the last few days on the prinnjpal events of the approaching Y.R.C. Autumn Afceting. The principal mediums of speculation have been Sir Garnet nnd Coningsby for the Yewmarkpi Handi cap, boih of whotn . are stoutly sup ported at 100 to 8. i'romci heus from ; the running of Xantippe on Saturday, has j advanced iu favor for the same event, and ho is i now very firm at 100 to 5. A heavy emmrnssion 1 was executed in favor of Buttailnns last night. | and sinning at 100 to 3 ho was backed down.to , 100 lo 4 to win sonic £17.000. Alaluu. .The ! Ghost. Duenna. Mistake and Sheet Anchor j have been backed nt 100 in 3 and 4. but prices are ns before reported with regno! I to the others. The Australian Cup is a dead j letter as far ns betting i.s concerned, bul 5 to 1 I was taken to money about; l.e Grand for tho Champion, though Commotion was very firm lust night for that event at 5 to 2, si point more i being readily accepted. The Unhurt Cup was j referred lo last night nt the room, but offers to I back Coriolanus failed to elicit n better offer than 5 to 2. Rmgwond and Alozart being si roup I second awl third favorites, i The Hurricane case, which, it will bo re membered, resulted in. the expnbion of a book maker named Fleming from thp Victorian Club, j is likely to lie re-opened, unci it would now np- ( pear that the conduct of tho person bringing tbe i charge is. not such ns cu titles him to the I consideration which was accorded. It is staled that the accuser is a defaulter over the lute j Alelbaurnc Cup meeting, nnd though he cannot j he dealt with in Afelbournc. owing lo bis not : being a member oi the sporting clubs hero, lib I conduct has been such that certainly entitles j him to little consideration. Tho Victorian I Club intend, wo understand, to reconsider the ! case, and, taking all the eiremnsuinces into i consideration, it would seem that Fleming, ii | innocent, has been very liardlv treated. | Our Sheppurron correspondent telegraphs | thai the Khepparton races, to be held cm \Yod- » nesday, are expected lo Is a great success. Tin1 | grand stand is finished, and arrangements havr i been made for special trains, to allow visitors lo return homo on thn sanin day. ! Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs that I 2000 -to 60 was taken against Middlenmrch for I the Newmarket Handicap last night. 