"CHANGE & MYSTERY." BY HENRY J. CONGREVE. Author of "Old Roach," "Dick Tompkins," "The Ghost Digger," "Illusion," "Nulingee," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER VII.—(Continued.) Not a vessel had they seen since the vessel they had met in the Channel, and the passengers were all anxiety to hear about the gold regions. Specula- tion ran high on the matter. The papers they had received had told them of the immense lump of gold found at Louisa Creek, New South Wales, and their vessel was bound for Port Phillip. They must go to Louisa Creek, but how were they to get there ? Maps were consulted, but the maps of that day gave but little information, and so there was nothing else for them to do but build castles in the air. They did something more than that though, they formed parties for the purpose of mak- ing fortunes at the " diggings." The day before they expected to sight land a very heavy gale of wind set in, insomuch that they were compelled to lie-to. The wind was accompanied with driving showers of sleet that made everything so uncomfortable on deck that all that could took refuge below, and the watch on deck sheltered them selves as best they could. Finlay and the detectives remained on deck. The scene was a dreary one. Previous to the gale the waves had been running very high, but the wind and the rain had considerably reduced the swell. Between the rain squalls the sun would sometimes peep out and illuminate the dull grey appearance of the waters. During one of these intervals they per- ceived a vessel at a distance of not more than a mile apparently making signals, but the captain could not make out what they meant. As night ad- vanced the flag signals were exchanged for rockets, which shot up their bright line of fire into the sky as if speaking of immediate need. But little help could be afforded. The wind, however, lulling a little and the captain spread what sail he dared, and steered for the vessel. Just as he had come to the determina- tion to offer help at all hazards three rockets were fired one after another, and then all was dark. Lanterns were hoisted to the mast head, but no answer- ing signal was returned, and with the dark- ness setting in, and the clouds gather- ing fast again, any hope of discovering the vessel soon fled. The wind increasing with terrific violence, and for the safety of the vessel she had to be laid-to again. Just as this was accomplished a cry for help was heard from the water just under the bows, and was repeated again, the owner of the voice appearing to be rapidly approaching the stern. Jump- ing to the taffrail the captain had just time to secure a rope to the life-buoy, and cast the latter over the side as the white face of a man was lifted on the heaving wave nearly to a level with the deck. A blinding flash of lightning immediately followed, but in the momen- tary glare Finlay, who had rushed to the side of the captain, perceived that the man had grasped the life-buoy and placed it under his arms. The roar of the thunder followed, and then the wind came down with redoubled fury. Heedless of all but the life floating upon the tempestuous waves the captain, Finlay, and the detective hauled upon the rope, and soon had the satisfaction of bringing the now apparently lifeless body on board. Stretching him on the deck under the shelter of the cuddy break the captain ran for some brandy, and forcing open the clenched jaws of the man poured some into his mouth. The light cast from the swinging lamp was so dim that the features of the man could not be distinguished, but the brandy had its effect, for in a few moments he opened his eyes ; started up; shook the wet from him in a shower like a Newfoundland dog, and ex- claimed— " Well, this yer's a strange go, mates, am I a dreaming ? Blessed if this don't beat cockfighting or bamboozling a pleseman. Lor, I thought I was gone to Davy Jones, as them sailors call it, and here I is safe and well. Blest if you're my captain, tho. Where is I?" and he looked around with a comical expression. But Finlay had recognised the voice. It was his old chum, Bob Bitlow, who had so mysteriously disappeared. " Why, Bob, my boy," he exclaimed, " how do you come here, but come to my cabin, and get on some dry things." " Well— yes— blest if it ain't my old ospital chum. Why, wot must yer think of me leaving yer as I did ?" And the two grasped hands and greeted each other heartily, for Finlay, after the experiences he had gone through, never believed that Bob had deserted him wilfully, but had connected him with the mysteries with which he seemed to be surrounded. " Well, this yer beats all," said Bob, as soon as he was attired in dry clothes. " this beats all. Blessed if I'd believed it if I'd a seen it in a play. Lor, wot a book it would make? Lor, wot a holi- day the cats has. Them fellas as used to buy the skins will wonder wot's become of Bob. They used to say I brought 'em more than all the rest." And so he ran on for some time in spite of repeated questions as to how he came to be in the water. At last he settled down a bit, and said — " Well, I didn't swim all the way from London you bet, tho I feels like it, or howsomdever did. Wen that feller shoved me over the side I thought I should never get out again. I seemed to go up and up, and then down and down. I didn't need to swim much, and didn't seem to care. I wos in a dream like, and I seed such lots of funny things. I fit with a skilington too — all afire — then I peared to go to sleep, and dreamed old Dunst was a punching my head. That woke me up, you bet, and feeling wet like I looks up, and sees a big black mountain over my head, and then I yells out, and then there comes a flash of lightning, and then I sees faces over the side, and they chucks something at me, and that's all I know." " But what vessel were you in, and where is she now. We've been looking for her ; she sent up distress signals," said the captain. " An' well she might, the beggar," he answered, " with such a crew on board. The sailors said she'd sprung a leak, and carried more water than cargo. Just as that fellow shoved me over, and I fell in the water, I seed a flash ov lightning fall like a ball on the top ov her, and when I opened my eyes she was gone — gone to Davy Jones I may say — along with old Dunst and the rest ov that bad lot." " Dunst," gasped Finlay, " was Dunst, and Cranz, and the ladies on board." " Dunst and a black-looking feller that they called a mesmerist was on board, and a bad lot they is — leastways wos, for I spects the devil has 'em now — but the ladies — I don't know. Yes, they said there wos two mad gals going to their frens in 'Stralia, but I never seed 'em." " Oh, is this true ?" said Finlay. The reader can understand his anguish, for he knew that the ladies were Cœla and Lena. Are you sure the vessel has sunk ?" " I ain't certain, for how could a feller be certain. I was all in a mist, as a feller might say. I'd ony just found out that Dunst was on board. He warn't like hisself, but crikey, wen the wind blowed off his hair and beard I knowed him at once. He was on the fo' castle, and I called him by name, and told him he was a villun, and asked him for your packet. An' he talked smooth, and got me 'ticed to the edge — same as I used to 'tice the cats into my bag, and then with one push over I goes. So you may say I was in a mist. But it did look like as she went down, and she seemed all a fire when the lightning struck her, an' there's a good riddance of bad rubbish." Bob did not know who was on board, and the anguish that the thought that the vessel was lost and all on board drowned brought to Finlay. All these things had happened after his disappearance, and so he was ignorant of the misery he was causing. Bob was soon put to bed, for in spite of his spirits his strength had been spent in battling with the waves, and his mind was somewhat confused with the hard thumps his head had re- received against the side of the vessel ere he was drawn from the water. (To be continued.) 