MY STORY, FROM MORN TILL DEWY EVE. “My dear Janet, n man is such a very common creature,” puts in aunt, uncon sciously satirical. “ IIow can you bo so curious! Marjorie is only trying to mystify you For nothing. She menns liuily, or Carr, or a farm laborer, of course.” “ No, indeed, aunt, I don’t moan any thing of the sort! When I say a mnn,’l mean—a gentleman—!”— and look across triumphantly at my cousin opposite to me. “A gentleman! Wherein the world diil lie come from, I wonder?” “ Curiously enough, I happened to won der exactly the same thing.” “ Whore was ho?” • “ Opposite the lilac-hedge across the “ Sketching?" “No, fishing.” “ How odd ! Handsome or ugly?” “ A little of both perhaps, and some thing of neither. That is to say, I did not study his features, for two reasons— first because he was not a plaster cast, or a hairdresser’s dummy, and, secondly, I had no time.” “ I suppose he was young ?” “ Well, yes! I suppose he would call himself so if he were asked.” “I wonder where did he come from ?" sighs my cousin. “Dropped from the clouds very probably. He looked a little mazy, I remember, ns though he did not quite know where lie “ How romantic ! Did ho speak 7” “ Oh, yes, several times ; quite a mortal, I assure you !” “ Wlmt a prosaic girl you are, Marjorie ! I wish I had been there.” “ I wish you had. It was not so pleasant, for tufty stole his fishing-tackle bag; and of course, in duty bound, had to return it—a task which was not particularly to my taste. Hardly so mysterious or so romantic an adventure as j'ou seem to think it was.” “ Somehow these things never happen to me.” “What’s all this rodomontade about n man ?” chimes in uncle at this juncture. Janet is only making a mystery out of a very commonplace incident. I do not know who or wlint he is, only that his initials are S. V. B. “ Initials !” cried Jnnet, eagerly. “ You never mentioned (hat. On the bag, I sup pose? What were they, I wonder? St. John Vivian Bcnufoy perhaps,”—sentimentally. “ Simon something Briggs, more likely. “ You horridly matter-of-fact girl !” “ Como, my dears, we have had quite enough of this discussion. Your undo has a piece of news far more interesting, I am sure,” interrupted aunt. “ News ! Did it come by the post ?” “ Yes; this nfternoon,” assents uncle. “ Good, bad, or indifferent ?” “ Oh, good—decidedly good. Eh, my dear ?” appealing to aunt. “Of course, Bartholomew! How could it be otherwise to Marjorie, coming from Ralph ?” “Ralph!” I exclaim, springing up suddenly and running round to Uncle Barty’s side. “ Oh, do tell me! Is ho coming down, and when, and forhowlong ?” “•Marjorie, Marjorie, do contain your self ! l’ray remember that you are no longer a baby !” “True, aunt. Twenty to-morrow. But the news—please tell me ! I am all firey impatience, uncle dear.” “Go back to your seat, Marjorie, I beg, and finish your pudding. Ralph wrote to say that he intended to come down next Saturday week for a month,” says aunt, calmly. “How delicious, how entrancing! I wish it wore Saturday week to-morrow.” “ And,” aunt goes on, unheeding my interruption, “ with your uncle's and my permission, will bring’ Mr. Gabriel down with him.” “ Mr. Grbriol! How horrid ! Don’t give your permission, aunt, there’s a dear.” “Marjorie, I am completely astonished nt you I I shall begin to think that my niece is not the sensible girl that a Gwynno ought to be. We”—with an emphasis on the * we’—“ shall be pleased to see Mr. Gabriel at the G range. A very intelligent, amiable, well-educated, and properly minded young man; he’s quite an excellent companion for my nephew Ralph.” “ Not so very young, aunt.” “ Forty, Mnrjorie, is still young for a man—quite the prime of life; and so rich I shall hardly see anything of Ralph. Ho will always be gadding about with Isaac Gabriel. I know what it will be.” “You and Ralph are no longer children to play together. Young men want their own friends. I must say Mr. Gabriel was most kind and courteous when wo were up in London last year. I shall bo glad to show him some attention ns a little return.” I make a grimace and lapse into silence, for somehow one never gets the best of an argument with aunt. I eat my Bignrrcnu cherries disconten tedly, all my intense joy nt Ralph’s coming marred by the thought of his companion, whom I honestly aver I do not like. My dislike is foolish, causeless, childish—wlint you will; still, there it is, and I often marvel to myself why this feeling exists. Ho is not bad-looking—rather tall and very dnrk, with long black benrd.. But his eyes puzzle mo always—a faded sort of blue. Stay, though;arc they blue or grey ?—Upon'my word I do not know which—Colorless orbs that gaze at you fixedly and vacantly, conveying no expres sion of their owner’s thoughts. Odd un comfortablo eyes; one never knows how much they see or whether they are pleased or the reverse at what they do see. No, I do not like Isaac Gabriel) there is lio mincing the matter. I saunter into our long low drawing room after dessert and seat myself on a broad oak window ledge. I am all discon tent. It seems to mo that even the old Gwynne faces, in powdered hair and starched rufiles, gleaming down from their fl ames, look discontented in harmony with me; and well they may ! I sit and listen to the nightingales trilling away in tho blossoming limes by the silvery stream until dim twilight steals over the earth. Then Barker brings the lights; and tho Rev. Mr. Graham, our vicar, comes in for a hand at whist with uncle, and aunt, and Janet. They play for love; as if they had not done with the pretty passtime long since ! Love 1 What is real, true, honest, enduring love, I wonder ? I wish I knew. I must take everything upon hearsay, because I cannot answer my own query. . Am I an anomaly in nature—a curios ity, to be gaped, sneered, and laughed nt? Perhaps; I do not know. I get up from my seat, anil, wandering over to the big open window lending on to the lawn, watch the myriad stars come creeping out in the heavens. “ Little stars, can you solve my riddle for me and tell me what love is?” I sny softly to myself looking up nt the sky. Then a ilood of longing to know comes swiftly over me—a vague, restless yearn ing for knowledge, which must bo sweet, I am sure. Gown tho broad, yellow gravel walk in the flooding moonbeams I wander listlessly to the waters edge, and lean,' almost heavy-hearted, against a blossoming lime. A sort of rapture steals over me. I. feel as if love was coming to mo soon, quite soon. I wish it would, if only for Mark’s sake. He is the only one that loves me like that, and wants mo to care for him m return. And I do care very much, because he is such an old true , friend and almost like my brother. But love ? That will not come. “Marjorie 1” Ah, hero lie is ! “ Where did you spring from 7” I query, in not a very welcoming tone; for, in spite of my recent thought of him, I know quite well that he has conic to bother me with the old, old story. “ From the Grange, of course. I came to fetch the pater and mater home.” “ Good boy ”—patting his arm. “ You almost frightened me, you came so softly; I was thinking”—I did not say of what. “ Almost! Not quite then ? Did you think I was one of tho Grango ghosts come to carry you off this lovely night? I only wish you would let me,” ho ends, with a little sigh, “ You have really no idea, Mark, how I can kick and struggle when I choose. You would very soon be only loo glad to set me down again.” “ Try me, Marjorie,” he begins. But I interrupt hastily.— “No, thanks. I prefer to remain wlicro I am—for tho present, nt least. No, you are not of the ghost-like make. Too, too solid flesh.” “Yes; I am not a lath-and-plaster hero, I know. Perhaps you would like mo bettor ir I wore.” “Now, Mark, for goodness sake don’t talk nonsense! I cquldjiot likejou more than T‘do how. You arc second to Ralph. What more would you have?” “ i want to be first, little Marjorie.” “ Thun want must be your master! You could never, never be that. Ralph will always be first—always.” “ When you love, ho will not be.” “That is just it. I shall never love; therefore Ralph will always bo first. It is not in me, Mark. I don’t believe any body or anything will ever inspire me with any such feeling.” “Who can control love? No one; believe me, dear. ’ “ It would save n great deal of trouble if wo could. But come; tell me. I sup pose your summer holiday is nearly over now?” trying to turn the subject. To be continued. 