SCOTTISH LETTER. Edinburgh, Dec. 31, 1884. THB SKTB AGITATION. While Scotch farmers, disregarding the English cry for protection, are contemplating a wholesale demand for a reduction of rents, the Skye crofters have apparently made np their minds to the much more practical course of paying no rent at all. Leaders of the agitation in Skye have, during the past week, been in London and elsewhere addressing meetings with the view of arousing sympathy with the crofters. A few nights ago they spoke at a meeting or Highlanders in Glasgow, "that they in Skye were in slavery worse than that of Africa," and that one of the leaders had been "dragged as a thief and a murderer to the Cahon jail, Edinburgh, for asking justice for Scotland." " The earth," lie said, " had been given to the children of men, but the landlords had taken it all." In the first place it is almost absnrd to think that the mere witholdinp of the rents can convert their poverty into affluence. If the crofters sat reut free, they would still be in abject poverty, and the rents themselves being small, and by no means the moat troublesome factor in the difficulties of the crofter crisis. But it is obvious that the wilful refusal of the rents will provoke retaliatory measures on the part of some of the landlords, and thus lead to evictions, and thus again to the suffering of further agitation. Tnis is one effect of the nolicy of the agitators, and it is one that is no doubt satisfactory to them, and another effect has just been illustrated in the case of Lady Gordon Cathcart. The emigrants sent over by li er to Canada, some time ago, are prospering, while thnse who remained at home are dissatisfied and destroying property, and she is compelled at present for want of funds to refuse the crofters colony of the North-West. DEATH OP THE " DAILT REVIEW." The Edinburgh Daily lleview will quietly give up the ghost after to-dav's issue. The Review started to Bucceed The Witness as the organ of the Free Kirk and dissent generally, and had a chequered but not a remarkable career. It has been on the " swings " ever since its existence, and it has passed away without attaining any great success. The Review has been for the last nine or ten years under the management of the Messrs Mackie, a family of journalists, who did all in their power to strengthen its feebleness, but was of no use. It was reduced some time time ago in size and If it had sunk its deadening kirk connection, and devoted itself to legitimate journalism, there undoubtedly was a sphere for it; but under the present circumstantial influence which has overshadowed it, all hope of its useful commercial success bad to be abandoned. To start a newspaper in Edinburgh that would have a chance of ultimate success, would entail a heavy initial expense. The Review will have a successor of some sort or other, but Bt present there is not the least rumour of the intentions forthcoming ; but metbinks they will try their luck in the same direction as heretofore. 1884. The worn-ont or hackneyed observation that tlie festive season has more aspects than one, is receiving fresh and pointed illustrations from these closing days of 1884. The time of the year, not for the first of recent years, is a season when crime and calamity of greater and less degree seem particularly rife in different parts of the world. The festivity of the time itself is more directly responsible for quite a host of minor occurrences, some of them being sad enough. One startling feature of 1884 has been the depression in trade—the shipbuilding trade in particular—which has brought desti. tntion on a large scale in many of our large towns. We are no nearer knowing what is to be done with the Skye crofters than we were at the beginning of 1884, and will not be at peace dur ing 1885. Lowland agriculturalists, too, have become more, and more urgent of late in their demands for legislative assistance, and we are assured that the condition of agriculture in Scotland and England is most critical. The se^ cond feature is the accomplishment of that " social revolution n which we are assured is but & means to au end—the passing of the Fraachise Bill. Part of this social revolution remains for 1885 to accomplish, and probably will not be till 1886 that we shall look for the " leap in the dark." The Franchise Hill and the depression of trade, we have yet to wait for the end in both cases, perhaps wivh confidence, but not without anxiety. Christmas was celebrated over England on Thursday in the usual a la node. In Scotland there is a growing tendency to celebrate the great festival in place of the New Year by the reports of church services, &c.;, indicate that this practice is yearly becoming more common amongst all classes of people. The leading feature throughout Scotland of Christmas as celebrated this year msy bt said to bave been the despatch by post of Christmas cards. Nearly everywhere the inails were delayed, and in most places the despatch of 'Xmas eards was the greatest ever known. While at home there was abandonment to mirth, telegrams from Egypt announcing that there the oarnival was not forgotton. Lord Wolseley and his staff were present on 'Xmas Day at a concert given at Korti by the troops, when double rations were served out and cheers given' for the Queen and all at home.— " GBLDES.'' AT Wahgunj ah on Friday last a man named Peters died from Snakebite. LORD GRANVILLE.—A London correspondent says : —Lord Granville's special visit to Gladstone at II a warden is taken to indicate serious alarm in ministerial circles, and there is a supposition that tha Secretary of Foreign Affairs is making a fight for ministerial life. His liziness and incompetence have been known to inner political circles for years; but his high rank and Gladstone's keen friendship have kept him alive. He rarely goes near the Foriegn office, and the clerks have to go to his bedroom to get documents signed, and this incurable indolence as well as the silken manner which conceals his claws, have obtained fur him the sobriquet of Pussy. Lord Edmond Fi:z iiaurice, the Under-Secretary, is not so lazy hut is quite as iucompetent. He has a thin sq.i ' iky voice, a priggish and petty manner, and is the most ahject failure as a ministerial speaker in the present Parliament. Tbe English papers have now been brought, by these various occurrences, to a confession that the monopoly of England in the colonisation of the world is at an end for ever, and some of them making a virtue of a necessity, profess to be delighted at the prospect of having the neighbourhood in all parts of the world of people so agreeable and so diffideDt as the Germsns. BEWARE of packages of injurious stuff purporting to make genuine Hop Bitters ; also preparations and fluids said to contain all the properties of H'ip Bitters. They spring up on account of the great popularity of tbe genuine, which is only put up in large square- pane amber-coloured bottles, with the names Dr. Soule," and " Hop Hitte s" Mown in the glass, and is the best family medicine ever made. Read. 