Whatever outside intrigues may Lave led up to. the Roumelian revolution, it does not appear as if the intriguants were able to secure any advantages out .‘of the occurrence. So far as- we can judge by the fragmentary cablegrams which reach us the Great Powers seem i disposed -to recognise accomplished facts, and thereby, to avoid: hostilities which would extend to the other small Sclavonic States, and ultimately, in all :probability, involve, some of the larger Empires in the struggle. Even Turkey, displays little inclination to forcibly intervene in defence of her violated rights. Probably the Porte looks upon. such rights as it possessed in Eastern .- Roumelia as hardly worth contending jfor. The mere, power of appointing ! the Governor-General and the officers :of the native gendarmerie, is- a somewhat barren prerogative, and hot worth the expenditure of powder and shot to maintain. Under other circum stances,advantagemighthavebeen taken of the breach of the treaty of Berlin to re-establish the absolute sway of the Sultan up to the Bulgarian boundary,; but as it is certain that the other Powers would not have permitted this resumption of authority; it was pro bably .the wiser course to divert the troops to Macedonia, where, as yet, Turkish .rule is not questioned. It is now denied that the Roumelian move ment was instigated by. Russia, of has even a pro-Russian purpose. . Jt Is even said that the feelings of the people of both Bulgarian have of. late assumed a patriotic character, and that dislike of Russian .domination is as strong as the hereditary hatred of the Turks. If that be the prevailing sen timent; the purpose for which Lord Beaconsfield obtained ■ the division of the country'into two provinces may be secured without the continued .sever ance of Bulgaria and Roumelia. .It was only bn, the assumption that Bulgaria would be ’dominated by Russian influence!: that the English Premier insisted on a settlement which would prevent that influence ex tending beyond the Balkans. Of the wisdom- of that precaution under the then existing circumstances there' can be no doubt, and if Lord' Salisbury is now agreeable to vary the Berlin: settlement so; far as Eastern Roumelia is concerned, it is not with the inten tion of reversing:the policy of his great predecessor, but that he sees that the circumstances have , changed; ': The adr vance of, Austria into Bosnia, Herze •goviha, and Rovi- Bazar, which added a million and a quarter of Sclavs to the population of- Austro-Huhgaryp intro duced into the small Sclavonic States: of Eastern Europe an influence, which is said- to be: successfully competing: with- that of Russia. It is this in fluence which has in great part pro produced the anti- Russian feeling. in- Bulgaria, and which has become so strong of late years that Prince Alex ander has on one or two occasions shown so great a disregard for St. Petersburg : counsels that:: the Czar has asked for his deposition at the hands of the Great Powers. Without enquiring too. narrowly into the merits of Austrian rule over sub ject races, there is no question that the extension of that rule eastwards is ain advantage to; England, which is in terested in setting up in that region a rival to Russia. Mr Gladstone hardly read the lessons of history rightly when he denounced Austria in his cele brated - Midlothian ; -campaign;- The feebleness of Austria consequent upon the revolutionary movements of 1848-9, when the Empire was only saved from dissolution by ; Russian assistance,.and the subsequent defeats by Prussia and France, threw the whole burden of re sisting Russian-- aggression-in Eastern Europe upon Great . Britain, a task, the magnitude 'of - which, has -been severely felt. The duty -is - more -properly that -of Austria, which seems _inclined.- to undertake it and exhibitthat “splendid ingratitude ” for- Russian . help, against "tiie Hungaritgis, which;,.qne of her day be- guilty o£ If "we assume .that the ?further progress of Russia towards Constantinople ‘ is; checked) by Austria-in her hew position,, and-her, growing, influence- in and Montenegro, the necessity for'" keeping asunder the two sections of the' Bulgarian nationality • inay : -be' held to have disappeared. Bf^mayYJjSJaj conviction - of.--this, .kind—which-has prompted- - the -British .Government to favor a- recognition^-ofßulgarian union. Other nations would gladly see the .ancient kingdom of Bulgaria:; re-' established if it refused to be a tool of : Russia, and showed a disposition to enter upon a path of progress, -which’ has been impossible for its people dur ing the last •600 years of Hungarian and Turkish misrule.; r The -present moderation of Turkey in refraining from the use of force to establish the status quo ante in Eastern Boumelia is a circumstance' upon which the world may congratulate itselfj since it will avoid the danger -of. complications jthe outcome of which it would be impossible. to foresee.. By refer ring the whole' question to the decision of a European conference,-the danger of a rising in Macedonia will be averted, and- Turkey ■ will 'probably be as well secured by such conditions as the Powers will impose upon Prince Alexander, as . by any . - armed inter vention of her own. It is probable that England’s next 1 * trouble: with Russia will arise, , not in- respect to .Turkey in Europe, but in connection with -the Asiatic provinces;’ : In that region neither Austria nor Germany is interested, whereas- Great Britain is bound by treaty to defend by arms if necessary the Asiatic dominions of the Sultan against any invader. It [would-be- difficult for .: any-British to repudiate this liability seeing that England has received con sideration in advance in the cession of the valuable island of Cyprus. Russia is likely, therefore, to continue 'a thorn in the British side .for genera tions to come, unless the huge military despotism -which' the Czar represents should be sooner overthrown by inter nal-convulsions.- • - At the time the. last mail left England jthe political factions were mustering their forces ’ for/, the; great electoral battle to come ,offiin 1 November.' The \- will be nominally between [two parties—-the liberal: and .Conser vative—-but it is evident there will" be: [something of a coalition on each side- The Home Rule, party will east in ’their lot with the . Conservatives, with [the view apparently of giving a ■majority to the "present Government, which wiU not be large enough to en able their subsequent .assistance to be [dispensed with. It is doubtful whether [these tactics will be successful. ■ If Mr [Parnell found 1 himself‘-thus master ’of the situation, ; his demands would probably be such that the Conservar [tives would prefer defeat to grant ing them, with the result that a new Government would come into ■office, which would ■ have been under iio obligations to the Home Rulers.: There is one obstacle to the success of •Mr Parnell’s scheme which does not [appear to" have been noticed. If the [Government owed its continued exist ence to the Irish vote,, the concession of a separate Parliament for Ireland [would, by’removing the Irish members from the House of; Commons, reduce the Government supporters to a [minority. The -Ministry could thus [only concede the demands of its Irish supporters - by committing political suicide, which it is not likely to do. • It may be assumed that the Parnellites have little iri comraon with their allies, ‘and their choice has been dictated by expediency. It was calculated, it ■was said, that lay supporting the Liberals a majority might be' returned so overwhelming ■ that .-the Ho ne Rulers would be unable to hold the •[balance' of power, and could therefore' [be neglected with impunity. It is quite, possible, however, that this may happen [on the other side, and the Conservatives obtain a-working majority irrespective [of their allies. [ It is hot probable that [any satisfactory' settlement of Irish afihirs will ever be obtained by this [scheme of playing, one . faction against .another.' 'When the time comes'- for making ;[any such organic .change'as is' suggested the measure will have; to-be' one- which : can be approved, by a [majority 'on, its -merits. Still'"more’ incongruous will be the component parts of the party on the ■ other side. The openly professed policies ' of • the Whigs and Radicals become daily more divergent, and’a Government which lias to carry out the views of -Lord .Hartington, Mr Forster, and Mr [Chamberlain will necessarily . be. re duced to a condition of paralysis.- It is obvious that only the. personal pro-- minence of Mr Gladstone could keep such heterogenous elements together for a day, and that ; his retirement, from the scene would -be the signal for a- final [split between Moderates and Radicals. Mr -Gladstone, in his manifesto, -dis tinctly repudiates -the views, held'by : Mr Chamberlain and the Birmingham caucus - regarding domestic questions, ! and it is unlikely that they will .con -tinue to. support a : Ministry which would invariably refuse to give’effect to their views.;, It ’looks as ■ if the [Radicals will shelter themselves under the “ Gladstone umbrella ’’ during the election campaign,but with- ’no in tention of 'continued.! loyalty -should \- their nominal - leader go ; back to ipower at the head- of a virtually [Whig Ministry. So Wide is the breach 1 : between • the two sections that while [Mr Chamberlain says he would refuse office in a Ministry which-was not pre ;pared;to endorse his views,no moderate [Liberal, -with the* of Mr •Gladstone, would, be willing.- to act •with' him. It .would: seem .as if what is - -, to be the! - governing iparty in England during the next few : years will.' not be positively determined even when the numbers: are up after the election. Lord Salis bury may have his troubles with Mr ! Parnell, while Lord- Hartington and Mr Chamberlain may refuse to be yoked together, even under the com ! mori mastership of Mr Gladstone.' The result of . the poll will be declared as so many Conservatives : and so ; many. Liberals, but the,n§yf Parliament will consist j,of, Liberal Cqn seryativesj Home,Rulers; ;Whigp;:lhde : • pendent Liberals, and : Radicals.: To' bb tainn party 'capable of governing-- the -country some revision will have to be. 1 made in political nomenclature; !' tb tenable the section which most nearly ap- i proachraflE othttM.certain broad prin-i ciples some new ipationS. he oWfarty names ■mprejiitidern 'ones of- Liberal "Conservative, I (have ceasecl to Insufficiently 'definite/- iandwe/may anticipate /that tbe 'sure of political circumstances wxUjsoon lead to -such mkleadingbadges'Being discarded altogether. - IK ’ Itis-.expected that the correspondence 'per. I Orient 'John Elder tvill-reaoh" the Balla- I tat Pbst-office by'first fmin'thS-inorning. II The Noxious Fames Board will sit at the City Hall this morning at half-past 9 o'clock;; fvhen amnqbcrof persons interested in the .working of mines will be examined regarding the effects experienced by miners through the use of dynamite' and other > similar ex plosives, and the/ success'.' or 1 .’otherwise of the sulphate ■ of iron spray in/ neutralising . the ' effects of ■ the fumes;/ A number of ;the members of, ; the' board arrived in Ballarat lost night, including /Mr Ellery, Government astronomer,; and Dr Hiuchcliffc. Mr Wade, one . of the Govern-; incut shorthand-writers, also came to Bah larat last night, and he will “ take” the evi dence for, the information of . the department and the; mining communities. The board have takpn -up their quarters at Craig’s hotel, ■ - ’ ■ :i To-morrow a deputation- will wait on the Minister of Mines, to bring under his' notice the proposal of the Major Company to erect a battery of Barldy "street, with a view to preventing the company, from parrying out their intention. The deputation will consist mainly of the saino 'gentlemen who -waited oq the Town Coudcil at their last meeting, and/ will comprise the Mayor of Ballarat. East ; (Cr Scott), representatives of • the : Hebrew and- Wesleyan cphjp-egations and ;the; Public' Library, as '.well / as- several .property owners in the locality. -i •’ Mr A. J. Peacock, president’ of the board ' of directors of the A.N.A.-, and one of the delegates to New ■ South Wales to' open branches of the association there, retained to Ballarat on Saturday..- As it was not generally known when he would arrive, there was no formal demonstration, but several officers of the association met him at the Western station, and warmly congratulated him upon the success of the mission. v We hear that considerable pressure is beingused by the mining-community of Bal larat East to get Mr Edward Murphy to contest a seat for the Assembly at the forth coming election. Mr Murphy has promised' -a/definite answer in a week’s time, j A--telegram , was last night received by each of the secretaries of the local senior football clubs, stating, that-the South Mel bourne F.'C. would play a combined team in Ballarat oh Saturday next.. The South Bal larat Club has refused to join in the game, so that it is probable, the match will be played'by the Ballarat and Ballarat Imperial combined. A painful accident happehe'd,on Saturday last' at Millbrook, during the heavy , wind experienced on that day, ‘the sufferer being a publican'named Mr Moore. Mr F. Osborne, whilst driving, from, Balkan to Ballarat, 1 was' passing;,-'Mr Moore's- hotel when a ■ lad came running - up /to inform - Mrs’ Moore’ that her husband had been injured ih 'a pad dock where he hod been working by. a tree, being, blown-;on-to him.; Mr Osborne im mediately drove to -the spot indicated, -and, with' assistance, lifted Mr Moore into the buggy and conveyed him home, subsequently informing Dr Whitcombe of the accident, and securing. his attendance. We were.un able to learn the exact nature of Mr Moore’s injuries, but were informed that several of his ribs were broken. . ‘‘-.Mr Baxter, railway engineer, and Mr Symes, inspector of permanent ways, accom- ■ panied by Messrs Brazeuor, Bath, Gunn, and Hepburn, yesterday inspected the line in'.the vicinity of, the,. Agricultural, and. Pastoral 'Society’s! grounds, .with"a view -to'! selecting a site for the proposed / siding opposite the . yards. Nothing definite was done, as, Mr Baxter’s recommendation will have to receive the sanction of the Railway Commissioners, before the, site is defi nitely; fixed- We understand, however, that that.gentleman’s suggestions -met with the approval of-the-gentlemen interested; - ■ . The fence enclosing that portion of the railway reserve'.facing; Dbyeton street 'is in a decidedly unsafe. and unsightly condition. In levelling the footpath, the posts were left with scarcely any protection, and whafc little remained is gradually being wiashed away by the,drainage after a rainfall./ ~ The atten tion of the authorities- should be -devoted'to the fence before it is blown over, which a moderately strong wind from the' east or north-east would most assuredly accom plish. ; i / Mr Oddie, , J.P., yesterday proceeded to Melbourne,in. connection, with the loan of pictures for the Ballarat Art Gallery. : A Government land;,sale'takes place in Ballarat to-day, at 11 o’clock. Some time ago a' letter; was received by the •authorities of the School of Mines from the •Victorian Commission for ,the' Indian and Colonial Exhibition, requesting them , to. ex hibit a colleetioh of specimens. The council offered to allow Professor, Krausd to make a collection of geological specimens,.- repre sentative of the whole ; western district, provided that the professors’s cross-country expenses be paid. Professor KrausA is probably one- of the most competent 'men in the colony for such. a ’ work,* having, wliile connected with the Geological Survey -Departmenti had extensive oppor tunities ; for' becoming acquainted with the mature of the country;. The Commissioners had, however, .handed oyer a lump sum of 300 to the Mining Department to supply, -exhibits for this department in the Exhibi 'tion, arid did not;consider it advisable to’ex pond any niore money for this purpose. The matter has since been taken up by some of ] the members of the local committee; .notably ;Mr _Henry , Bell.- M.L. A.," and Mr R. ,M. :Sorjeant, who are desirous that the Ballarat .mining district should be, well/represented, -and the question, of voting the amount neces sary _ will probably be considered at their meeting onFriday next Members of the first twenty of the Balla rat and Ballarat Imperialclubs' are requested ; to meet at the Saxon paddock this ’and every evening during the week : to take part in. a scratch match, the South Melbourne ■ club having signified their willingness to play against a combined team. The names, of the team will appear in Friday’s paper. , ■ The wind on' Saturday-evening committed some .strange vagaries that caused • amuse ment to some and annoyance to others. One of these incidents,;,occurred in Sturt street, one of the corners of which two young ladies 'were turning round, with umbrellas open to .guard, them from the inclemency - of''the ; weather. 'A- sudden- gust of wind tore the .material from one gingham, leaving its owner I ■with tiie -bare ,handle .and ribs,- while the ! other parachute was borne far away over the house-tops. , ' •Intending oompetitors'at the forthcoming ! M.I.A. competition are notified that the ■ entries for all subjects close on Wednesday ‘next;';. .■■■/■■ : -i i- The'local tender board- sat on Saturday, ;26tli'- instant, and accepted the following tenders,' which were' the lowest' sent in Alexander-/ Campbell, firewood to ■ Govern meuf offices, police and Gaol 'and Reforma tory,, 2 feet billets 5s ,9d per ton, A feet'6 inches 5s 7d do;.Clark andvCarnell, empty ing cesspits, &o;, on similar; .terms as- last year.' ' .- Th,o; Ballarat, Handicap- Pigeon - Match, ■ which i takes ■ place., to-morrow, is; beimr looked /for ward. to , with , much interest by sporting men. Shooting;-will 'commence at 11 o’clock sharp, and- it has -been decided that there-will-be no side matches.--The first prize is £200.. - The weather yesterday was fine, with a bracing atmosphere. A few light showers 'fell after 6 o’clock last evening, hut each was 'only of a, few minutes duration. Our Lear mouth correspondent reports that Saturday night’s storm was especially severe in his district, and that the change in the weather ■experienced yesterday was much appre ciated. , An Italian bearing the mellifluous cogno- men of Joseppi Constantine, yesterday got into bad company in Ballarat East, and, as a natural consequence, he had to suffer for his thoughtlessness by being robbed by a com- panion whom he had treated to sundry “shouts.” Constantine was “on the spree” when' he met a man named Joseph Dawson, aged 23, a laborer, and after a little conversation they visited several publichouses in the lower end of the Main road; at each of which liquor was consumed. by them. After leaving the Perseverance hotel, Dawson asked his ltalian friend to sum of money, and Con- to comply with the i snatched his-.purse,’ ■ pbntatotflgl £B^cand^made off. The matter ’Hye is a valuable addition to i force of this district, shortly i ‘'afterwardsfweht in search of Dawson, and, succeeded in arresting him.;; i-Tho prisbneu.waa lodged in the-Town lockup, i hut qpoa heing searched there be was found | to;cmy;p6sseaa'the.sum of Bs. Tack Sue an old Mongolian, yesterday at- tended at the Town Court, and complained that "Emma too muchee hit, too muchee kick, too muchee talk-talk, too muchee fightee; no sleep all the time.” Constable Parsons, who acts a kind of Hibernian ambassador in Celestial circles, as well as inspector-general of Chinese camps, informed the magistrates that “Emma” was a “slip of a girl” who had taken up her quarters in Tack Sue’s hut in Clayton street. She had only recently been discharged from prison, and her almond-eyed paramour was perfectly well aware that in harboring the girl he was doing wrong. It was also stated that Tack Sue was in receipt of rations from the Bene- volent Asylum. The magistrates gave the Mongolian some good advice, and suggested that he and Emma should “break up house”' as soon as possible, otherwise the police would interfere. ! The very handsome bracelet given by Mrs J. P.Macphersonas the prize for the Amateur Handicap Hurdle Race, to he run oh Friday next, 2nd October, is now on view at “Mr Crawford’s,, together with the Hunt Club Cup, the gift oEMr ;M. -Loughlin, and the bracelet given by Mr j. O. Inglis. A public and bank half-holiday has been proclaimed on both days, Thursday and (Friday, and a very large attendance is expected at the races. - Members may obtain their tickets on application to the hoh. - secretary, at his office, Market square, and : stand and lawn I tickets can also he purchased. at Craig’s j • hotel up to 12 o’clock noon oh'both of the race days. ■ ■ The Ballarat East Wesleyan Circuit have aocepted-'as candidates for the' Ministry Mr A. -P. White, son of the Rev. J. White, of Barkly street, and Mr James Millett. Tire former young gentleman is at present en gaged in home mission- work -at; Myrtleford, . and the latter is studying at" : Grenville Col lege. It is some years since the Ballarat . East Circuit recommended, ' for the ministry. ■ The high wind that blew on Saturday night appears to have caused more damage even. than was reported in The Star of yesterday. Several treeswere blown down in the gardens, and the derrick used for driving the piles on which the branch rail wayline into the haymarket is fixed was blown over on to the line. • A painful acci-. dent, referred to in another paragraph, also occurred at Millbrook through a tree being blown" over on to a publican named Moore, a resident of that place, -j," ‘ The Ballarat Horticultural Society hold their grand Camellia and Bulb Show in the Alfred Hall next Friday evening. There will.be a fine display of camellias, hyacinths, tulips, azaleas, &c.; Braun’s Orchestral Band will play choice selections of music. . ! Mr A. Crawford notifies in our advertis ing columns, that this is the last week of his great discount sale, also' that an enormous quantity of .remnants will be offered at im menseircductions. ; Mr Finlayson has given an opinion to the Greswickßorough Council, as follows:—“ 1. Councillors who are directors or shareholders ■in the Gas Company cannot vote in any matter in which the Gas Company is con cerned, whether -as to contract or in any other way. 2. Any ratepayer can apply to the Supreme Court to interdict the council from carrying out any resolution passed by a majority constituted by councillors interested in the Gas Company. 3. If a quorum of the council be present, although the major part arc not entitled to vote,- a resolution passed by those entitled to vote is binding.” ; The proprietor o’f the Golden Fleece hotel, -Ballarat East, Mr John Gargan, • was yester-, day.at the Town court charged with Sunday : trading. Mr Finlayson, who appeared for the defendant, admitted that a glass or two of beer had. been served to neighbors. It was also pointed out that Mr Gargan had been in business for 15 years, and this was . the first charge brought against; him. The presiding, magistrates; (Messrs -Long, Walker, Ham, Robertson, Glenny, and Phillips) fined defendant 20s with 10s costs. Mary Cahir yesterday, at the Town Police Court, charged-Rebecca Shelley with using obscene language. The plaintiff, an old woman, deposed that the objectionable words were used in the street. The defendant, who did ■ not appear, was fined £3, with 15s Costs, in default one month in gaol.—Attbe same court James, Wilson, charged with drunkenness and insulting behavior, was fined 20s, or seven days’imprisonment. ; Messrs F. W. Niven and Cos. have added another-to the many , excellent, specimens of the p'riuter’s art they have turned out. It.is in the shape of an illustration for a “ poster” concerning the ' athletic sports gathering to be held under, the auspices of the Bal larat and City Fire Brigades on the Eastern ' Oval on the 9th- November. It represents the' Eastern Oval, with a fire brigade competition in full swing, the fire men engaged being members of the two prin cipal Ballarat brigades. There are also, rough sketches of the East and West brigade towers. Five colors are employed . in the illustration, which is turned out in such a way-as to add to the high reputation wnich the firm enjoys for ornamental printing. : The storm of Saturday^’night lashed into fury the water in Lake Wendouree. We : , are informed that the gale was the strongest ever experienced at Wendouree for many years.- The floors of the various boat sheds are now underwater. ! A young man named William Stark was thrown olf a horse at Haddon yesterday, and sustained a fracture of the leg. He was brought into Ballarat and: admitted to the Hospital. ‘ ] The Ballarat East police . on Saturday ■ night visited several hotels: in the Town for the’ purpose of detecting Sunday ; trading. We are informed that out of the large num ber of places visited, only, two publicans will be summoned to appear at the police court. I- The Ballarat Liedertafel intend to present Messrs -Hollander and Bunting,' two of its | members who are about to leave Ballarat, with addresses in book form, bound in morocco. . •; ■ and The old man, James Williamson, was yes terday brought- before the Town Police 1 Court, and charged with attempting to com niit suicide by cutting his throat; As he ex- I pressed sorrow for his offence, the bench cautioned ;him,-, and bound him over in one surety of £25 to keep the peace for 12 months. • At the Town Police Court yesterday the young woman Mary Alin White pleaded guilty of robbing Herbert Pound of the sum of £l2 10s. The particulars in connection >vith the case were published dn yesterday’s issue. The. magistrates were, very; lenient With the prisoner, for they only.; passed a sentence upon her of one month’s imprison ment. Annie Creed, charged : with being a parliceps cnminin, was : discharged. Mr Gaunt appeared for the defence, i- The names.-of the well-known female liti gants, ’Mrs.Graham and Mrs. Thomas, were again called in the" Town Police' Court -yes terday morning, in connection with’ the date “ storming ”. of a domicile, but the former, who was the plaintiff, announced to the satisfaction of. the bench'that the affair had been settled. : Mr J. Joseph, late a prominent member of the Ballarat Fire Brigade,-and atone time well known ’as ' proprietor of the" Beehive,' Bridge street, has now opened business in Melbourne. .: - At the City Police Court yesterday morn ing a man named Samuel Fisher was fined 10s with 2s 6d, costs, in defaults three days’ imprisonment; and 40s, in default 14 days’ imprisonment, for an'assault on Mr J. West- I wood, the City inspector. The assault con sisted in catching the latter around the neck and playfully trying to choke him; Another inebriate, who gave the name of Patrick Carr, but be. on old offender with, a nfevrharae, • was sent to gaol for 14 days without the option of a fine. A third, who amused himself by breaking the furniture of his cell, was fined ss, in default I two days’imprisonment, for his inebriation; I and ss, with 10s 6d damages, for destroying | Government property. .; Mr Thomson, P. M., | presided. 1: I v -. ? - iU : •„ j: : \ A. new and artistic picture erected yester day by Mr, Irwin,; of the Provincial hotel, I excited considerable attention. The paint -1 ing is symbolical, of the two'i industries by | which Ballarat has -attained its present j dimensions and prosperity—mining and agri culture. On the right hand side stand’s a i -farm laborer, dressed iri-.a -primitive costume ' fnd with a discarded implement—a sickle-^- I In his left band, his right Eoiid .reatijag.on I'the shoulder of astalwart miner. ijdckle stands a sheaf ofripe grain,: whilniin | 'the background are- fields ; of: waving giwstf, dotted with sheep./bnd in the dtstatmaa comfortahle-lookine'house. The)iinine£;is I leaning with hjs right hand on a ; pibk,'neair | him being a'windlass and other mining lim plements denoting the. .presence, 'of a “ dig- I ger’s” hole. ~ T 6 the rear, ofthisfigureare t the covered-ih poppet legs; of a mine, 'while farther back still are. substantial buildings,, i an evidence of prosperous commence. Under neath the picture is the British coatof arms, i and„on .either .eide_of.the whole7iire. .the words, ‘‘ Advance Ballarat.” As'a" piece of 'decorative art'the sign is a specimen' of more 'iban ordinary.skill.'..,,' ■ An entertainment was given, at; the Bene volent- Asylum on Wednesday last by the tnembers and lady, associates of the Ballarat Catholic: Young Mens’ Society; Mr M. C. Carey The first part of the pro gramme,' consisting'of songs, recitations, and step-dancing,*was' ably carried out by Misses' Sherlock, O’Connor, and Merry; and Messrs Hager, Heffernan, Nanscawen, T. Shannon, J. Planning, and J. Shannon. ..The old folks' were delighted 1 with Mr Hefferuan’s Irish impersonations, and expressed their appre ciation by the heartiest applause. The negro r farce of the “ Black Barber,” formed the second part of the entertainment. The characters were sustained, by Messrs' Nans cawen, Heffernan, T. Shannon, Leech, O’Con nor, Corrigan, and Donnelly. A vote of thanks to the Catholic Young.Mens’ Society, moved by one of the inmates and seconded by Mr Boughen, was carried with acclama tion; and a vote of thanks to the chair ..brought a most.enjoyable, entertainment to a close. ■ \- An entertainment (writes our local corres pondent) was given in the Ballan Mechanics’ Institute, on Thursday nigh t)by the 'Egefton I Glee Party; in aid of the funds of the Wes- I leyan,.Church. .Owing , to...the. inclement state~ of~ the‘weather the :.attendance-of the j public was comparatively small. Those present, however, seenied toenjby the L songs, recitations,, and; readings which comprised the entertainment,'and which)" for amateurs, were very good. Every separate; piece, was greeted with applause, and the trio by Messrs Williams, Evans, and Nichblls,, “ A little, form well tilled,” was encored.- A song-with ever so little' of the comic element is '• sure to “ fetch ” a Ballon audience ifit is well ren dered. Mrs Presley’s, solo; “Children’s voices,!’ with an invisible chorns, and Mr Williams’ “ Rocked in the cradle of the deep,”, deserve .high praise. Mr, Tfegear occupied-the chair, and set an example'to all other chairmen by the distinct and audible ■ manner in which he announced the titles'bf ’ the various pieces and the names of the per-r formers. The following is the programme:- “ War song of the, Druids,” company; solo, “ Rocked in the cradle of the. deep,” Mr Williams; reading, “ The 1 death 1 of Jo ” (Bleak House);; Rev. W. Presley; solo, ‘‘.He wipes the tear from every eye,” Mrs Presley; “ Sleighing glee,” party; recitation, “ Charge Of the Light Brigade ’’. (Tennyson), Mr Tre-, gear; quartette, “ Isle of beauty,”' Messrs' Williams, Evans, Nioholl, and Master Read; duet,“Nearer home,” Rev. W. and Mrs Presley; recitation. “The Spanish cham pion,” Mr Evans; chorus, .“ Oh hail us ye free” -(Ernani), -party;; chorus, “Village choristers,” party; solo; “ Children’s voices ”; (with invisible' voices), Mrs Presley; . trio, “ A.little.farra well tilled,” Messrs Williams, Evans; and Nicholls; recitation, “ The fire man’s wedding,” Mr Tregear; chorus, “Hail smiling morn,” parly;' dialogue, : “ Edward and "Warwick,” Rev; W.‘Presley and' Mr Nicholls; solo, “Friar -of orders grey,” Mr Williams; ' Hymn--'of; the fisherman’s children;” party; -" God save the Queen,” by the. party and the . audience terminated a very pleasant evening’s entertainment.-.. , ; Our- Paris correspondent writes:—“.The state of the'finances causes more and-more uneasiness. Voltaire remarked of the open-" iug of the reign of Louis XVI., ‘ We ave in the - golden -age, s even Tto the Ivory, heck.’ France is not that now; she has not even the ghost of a Turgot.', The'condition of; 1 Anani is frightful,- and opiuioh'snspects that more than 5000 soldiers are down from sickness. It is estimated that hot less' than, a fresh army of 30,000 men will he required’ to estab lish order in .that Ferry folly! Of bourse, were such asked for on the eve of the general; elections;; the fate of the Republic whs sealed; The ill- humor of Bismarck towards France is attributed to the Tatter’s declining to have: anything- further to do with colonisation bubbles,. which undermine the strength of the nation,” i Our local correspondent yesterday wired: •j—‘‘ There have.been disastrous' floods in the Tower Hill and Belfast districts. Cultiva tion and grazing paddocks are completely submerged, and the, newly- sown crops in the low-lying ground are < almost totally de stroyed. - A heavy fresh is ■ running - down the River Moyne,.and more rainis threat ened.”' . • Our contributor “ Silverpen,” writes from. Sandhurst:—“ Going up Mitchell street the other day) I passed' by the Steam Granite Works of Messrs P. Finn and Cos., and could not help noticing the beautiful, polished granite monument, to be erected over the remains of .the late Rev. Mr Henderson, of St. Andrew’s Kirk, 1 Ballarat) The monu ment is entirely of Harcourt granite, from the Mount Alexander quarries) The base is 4 fect square and l foothigh, has ; a fine axed hollow and margin round the sides'. ' On this is placed the die or pedestal, 3 feet 6 inches square -and 4 : feet 3 inches high; weighing-; over five tons.’.On each side of this die there is a raised polished panel, 3 feet 9, inches high and' 2 feet 6. inches _wide.. On; the front panel, the following inscrip tion has been artistically ent and gilded:— ‘ In memoriam. William : Henderson, first minister of St. Andrew’s Kirk, Ballarat; died 22nd July, 1884; aged 57 years.’ On the reverse side,‘Mary Beatrice Henderson; died Bth December, .1805; aged-. 5 months.’ On the top of the die rests the base of the cross, which has been wrought .to imitate a flight of steps. I Tlie cross is 4 feet 6 inches high, and 3 feet 6 inches across the arms, by 1 loot thick. This is beautifully polished aU I round. .Across the, angle, of. the arms is a raised St. Andrew’s cross. This combina tion of the'two crosses-has been very in geniously wrought, and has, a very beautiful effect. The contractors, Messrs P. Finn and Co.-, of Sandhurst, will, I understand,' have the monument erected ' in • the Ballarat Cemetery within a few days, and I,feel sure the _ many friends of the much beloved' minister will bo highly pleased with the way the'firm have carried out their , instruc tions.” ■ . . . An excellent entertainment (writes our local correspondent) - was brought off at the Temperance Hall Learmonth, in- aid of the funds for- improving the hall. Large addi tions to the building have latelybqen made); naturally increasing The.;; entertainment Consisted; of; ’a .concert, &c.; ;*and the .performers acquitted .themselves very creditably. ' Mr A. Findlay, J,P.,- occu-. pied the chair, in the absence, through ill ness, of Mr: J. Baird, J.P. The haU was fairly: filled. . The- . following ; ladies land gentlemen took part in the programme:—- -The Misses Hooking;' Ross (2), M‘Neill (2), Murray, Crowley) Schulze, and Carrnthers) and-Messrs W. Stewart,. Walker, Woolcook, Rain; Bairdj and : M‘E wan. Recitations were given by Messrs ,'Rain and Baird: : The encores were numerous and the applause, en thusiastic throughout. Votes of thanks to the performers and. chairman closed a good entertainment. After..the concert a large number waited to enjoy themselves in a dance, to Mr WWalker’s strains- on the violin. ; . ... i At the special meeting of the Ballaratshire: Council; held, yesterday, tenders wore opened for contract No. 2,. for maintenance of 7 chains and 80 yards, situated near M'Lellan and Cameron’s. The tender of Reedy and' Go. was accepted at £49 18s. There was no other business to transact.- ; ; The Times docs not regard the Enabling Act ns in -itself a very great measure, but thinks* it is' the symbol of the triumph of. Imperial ideas, and that its passage' illus trates the manner in whioh events sometimes prove too strong for . administrative re luctance. i Our Paris! correspondent writing bn the 22nd ult.:-“ Some philosophers- demand), ‘•ls the Republic on the road .to decay ?’ . The electors will answer that’ ■’ question before next quarter day. ' Instead of unity; the Republic seems to be splitting more and more , up into compartments, where each tenant proclaims himself a medicine man. Perhaps the next Chamber.-will resemble that qf-1850; a united jnonarolial Opposition, and a fnnda .mentally divided Republican majority, result:; jpg ina Governmental dead-lock)But'where is the hand to' grasp' the nettle, danger? Glemenceau is the only public-man that has had.the courage to lay down a distinct pro- - gramme. - Those .waiters on .Providence— . thq, Oppositionists; continue tobe all tldngs, to all then,..and;sugaro’ertheir. terrible blunders by preaching up brotherly, love and proclaim^ ol ??- ratheraiKtkriarthan?^ mal 'opinion J 9 F hB ' thetfis )^erMiniBtry.--2 J Tliere winvf and “° m Con gress to be called for eleS “• That body onL cun play,ducks and.drakes with the constitution. If the: Monarchists vlf h ?l e ,the Radicals there- is nX? to * J"* the Congress- befog converted® into a vention. V-. -;.. • » r ofli^£ umong youngi people,•'students, schobbi*]! 6 Bhop.boyB,.nnd.othera„who killed thernsS with a quite unnecessary, amount of nafo l^ Z en A + t ° rtUre ; This, w® 1 ffoed.tonoone class of society, nor to ofo any rnligious believers as £ atheists to materiahsts hnd idealists. Nor' '<¥ it,adimt,of any. rational explanation V seemed as if self-destruction was »fo the _i The, editor of the Pall Mall OarelUmH Bramwell Booth; of the Salvation W hpve been committed for tiial for the abZ’ t»on.of.p. girl named Elisa nection with the recent scandalous dildosnr« made .'by the :7?a« Mall Gazelle. The who was a little over.l3 years old, was coyed away from her home on the m-Af thedast Derby day. Her mother, reading J the Pall Mall; Gazelle the story of a hM called “ Lily,”: who was described as harim, been atrociousiy treated, became convince! that . .this was-Tier missing dauvliter 01, made enquiries into the matte? and covered that ‘‘ General” Booth, of the Sal' vatioii Army knew of the child’s where abouts. - She had an interview with this n er s6n, who, however, refused to rive uu the girl,,though he offered,her, mother whithe considered would be a fair wa-m for her ‘‘ General” Booth also gave Mrs Armstronr her daughter a address, which was in France 8 Being unable to recover the' child she told •her story (says: the; correspondent of the Argus J at the Marylcbone Police Court : the result befog the prosecution of Mr Stead and Mr Bramwell Booth, which has just resulted fo their committal. The accused are sun posed to have taken the child away, in order tb,make up a sensational story about her. 7 ; The recent visit to Australia of Colonel Hen Williams, oftbe Indian Eemouut depart ment, isapparently likely to be followep vcry speedily by, results that will be beneficial to , Australian horsebreeders. According to the Times o/Jhdia| ‘‘it ! is.stated that the Go vernment of Incha 7 'lias raised the price of Waler remounts purchased at Calcutta and Madras to £5O sterling; at the rate of ex change-holding in India at the time the burses areboriglit.; 7 This applies to the eu sufog purchasing season and future ones, . i The leading graziers in the Eclmca district : are, taking steps •to form a sheepbreedets’ association similar to those of Ballarat and Melbourne. , . i A middle-aged man named Pietro Dahondi, an Italian wood-cutter, was found on Sun day banging from a ."tree fo the tush at Paddy’s Eauges, near Maryborough. He: had evidently hung himself, as his legs were lifted frbm- the gi'ound to enable him to swing freely. ; The deceased has been missing fora month -from ; his home, but had not been specially enquired UfteK ’ Near the body on the grass lay his coat, a clasp knife, a tin box containing matches,.- and a copy of the poems.of-Tasso in'the original Italian. . \- r A young man named George Brown was drowned in the Sydney Harbor on Saturday by "the capsizing of a sailing boat off the I quarantine station. Two others who were I in the boat reached' the shore in a very ex l hausted condition. | Au-iflo club has been formed at Wagga i Wagga. : The Dublin corporation, which made no recognition of the election of Lord Blanket to the Protestant archbishopric of the city, are- proposing to offer, an address to Mon signor Walsh on his return from Eome, to tbkc up his post in succession to Cardinal M‘Cabe.-"Thi3 is to bo done in spite of protest, and possibly because of it. The Nationalists' reply that they do it to wipe put' the “ insult ” offered by Sir George Errington fo daring to oppose the election pf Dr Walsh at the request of the British Government. Unhappily for this notion it is officially stated, writes the London corres pondent of the Argus (and the Pope himself lias confirmed it to two of the Irish bishops . who were at Koine at the time) that the question of the successor of Cardinal M‘Cahe was never mentioned to His Holiness by Sir George Errington. This is explicit enough for anybody but an Irish Nationalist. - f The American press continues to famish from time to time widely divergent accounts of the 'working of prohibitive liquor laws. The prohibitionists are frequently confronted with ’facts arid figures to show that their system has failed. One case that was recently mentioned was that of the town of Topeka, Kansas. Twenty-seven saloons were shut up, and the prohibitionists contended that they had stopped the sale of 10,000 pints of liquor. Later returns showed, however, that 31Ticeused.drug stores had taken the place - of the 27 saloons, and 11,800 pints of wliisky had there been sold fo place of the former -10.000. To this the San J'raucisco C’tdl adds another instance, tliat of lowa, and remarks: —“ In that State prohibition by statute was in existence on the 4tli of July one year. A Davenport paper took pains to collect sta tistics from 25 of the larger towns of the State concerning its operations. These •statistics wore gathered hy mayors and town clerks, with the annexed showing:—The entire number of saloons now openly in opera Lion* is DIG, as against 770 before tie law came into effect. In one town the in crease had been from 50 to 75, in another from 68 to 109, and in still another from 136 • to 150. ” : . A customs return in reference to sheep crossings oyer the Murray for the last two years' .shows that the number of sheep im ported for specified periods for agistment or sale on-the deposit of the amount of duty chargeable was for the two years preceding, the 30th of June last 1,423,143, and of thes e there had recrossed the Murray hSI The.amount of duty deposited was T35,5/8 11s 6d, and the amount refunded 11/.0-w 11s Gd. i , The Argus reports a great flood in Gipps- ITaiid.' A stoppage of the first train from LSale. it says, occurred on Thursday morning j through the line being flooded between 3M® and Yarragon, p, mile and a half from !«- Lfalgar. There were five openings on tn line, two of; which were within 300 yards® the Yarragon station. The Moe bridge in a dangerous state, the water reaching t® topl.of. the. bridge. The inhabitants aoo the Moe River are flooded out. F°g sign were used, and the train proceeded 'ey slowly over the damaged parts of the roa. Men were stationed between the Moe, l falgar, and Yarragon stations with ( “ in S signals.: The shunting engine from War gul, with two carriages containing the p sCngors from Melbourne, were scut on ; Yarragon, and returned witli the passe",, for Melbourne, who -reached Warraciu t' hours late. It rained coutinuously 1° i hours.':.. The repairers had to turn -2 o’clock fo: the morning. The hn®. ~ away at' Lock’s . Creek, on the Sale si .-Trafalgar, and then at Sunny Creole an Jaue’s’Swamp. c : iThe latest accounts from Manitoba cento® previous: reports of magnificent crops kinds of cereals. lathe IJiiitcd Stat .winter wheat'crop ;is all liavv&stca;, > estimated to have yielded 215,000,000 ht _ Adding to that quantity the decrc:meilJo given for spring wheat in the August P 142.000. bushels, we get at a total 357.000. bushels as the latest om estimate of the American wheat crop . as compared with. 513,000,000 bus 1884\. ■ v : . ■The Allendale correspondent ot g^ u^j a y ~ioich .: Advertiser writes “On . . nan ts evening,'Mr Dibdin entertained “’j . n „tb® at a social gatherfogTn'the hall adj° = . hotels Good things for the guests v rtjg vided in abundance, -and a very ‘ J 250 eyeiiing was spent. There were a ladies arid - gentlemen present. ■ e> „ evening compliirientary addresses' arid ririmerous expressions of 1111 ‘ „” TC n, will found utterance; songs also ". • for ■ after which the tables' were c ' dancing, which went merrily on or'two.” ' o {tiie I . 'Referring to the G erriian oconpa on Caroline Islands tlio Loudon cm pfitiie Argue^writes:=— “ It was at in-BerUn that-Germany would, -. one or two of the islands, with j oll y in i obtaining laborers for the Germ New Guinea, blit this view bns. , t 0 the ! doned. and a claim .is.now P r “~ i. aV e sc- I- whole group. The English. pr - t jrjty.cn cepted tWa .freah proof .of colonial a® l bcing I the part of Germany very cal X> evidently regarded as unwise to V , „ rood understanding with the out that If. the game of L, by P 0 1?.”!. is to go on, it is monstrously hU r«at Britain, in view of the early foolish f° r Gr ? t i ie Panama Canal, to let the Up ,et ”%tnpall the stray jewels of-Poly r Gen» a ??Csia. and Micronesia. ■ non which the, Admiralty .-The fe SLrcd steamers for employment recently cha s^. 3 the time when the diffi i^ val ?!'i Tinssia were at an acute stage correspondent of the Ary us) (®J Most of t!ie vessels were Mve tra“ s P“%., o s 6d per ton if the owner bartered an a a t from 15s or 12s Cd: a found the o f “ ’• , Government manned -the was. however, chartered dip.' Tic £7OOO per month, Or £5OOO according as the owner or the pjfinontn, “ t h e crew. She was char months from, 13th April., ..The chartered four days later at ■ h® tam 1 3 ‘ fnn or. £3OOO a month, accord £l paid by the owner or as the ci Coptic was engaged for six --r’ ** + eit s, er ** «,»■ 15s ner ton, according to .the :£! 23 o itioll The Stirling Castle was the s® e of the cruisers, her terms being ■f 4oll orlss P er ton - I . . ™ner bv the last mail states that A iom -! Eiiroad in England to; the V effect anm» ris .„ ; s ccm tcmplatecl between the the Prince of Wales and-the dJ6t TicS Victoria Mary—the;-eldest rLr™ Princess Mary of Cambridge the Dube of Teek —a,... young ? d r n lady now in her ■ 19th- year. states (says the Herald) that the jtfarthe -„' ■' g rea t satisfaction to Mtbn, the belief .being, rpretty that the Royal Ramßy SK rather too much Germanised. . . (remarks the European Mail) are , lII,', familiar with the writings of Sfh in «.o colonial press. >Vell, many now know.is simply the Jf* flume of Mrs Frazer (Madame Jessie fl r3 ) That lady was married the other, SVr Coavreur, the well-known Belgian; Man and editor of the Independence. & Be is generally held to be one of the' Sn liberals, and is likely to hold office £ nest his party returns to power. The was a civil one, and, therefore,. the office of the Bayswater lEehtrar. In Adelaide telegram published in the. ffeold says that a late arrival by the tener Adelaide, from Melbourne, giving mu of Mis Charles Prince, residing at: Vroni Villa, St. Kilda, was on Sunday; hm removed from the Holy Evangelist, Ctarch, Goolwa, for disgraceful and disturb jw conduct daring service. She was eyi- Stiy suffering from the effects of drink;—; On Monday morning two English Reohabite who arrived by the John Elder, were formally welcomed by the mayor at the Town Hall. 