Etteraturc. T^YLLARD'S WEIRD. A NOVEL. Bt M. E. BEADDON, Authoress of ' Lady Audley's Secret/' ' Phantom Fortune,' &c.; -^Published by special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.] Chapter IL — After the Inquest, (Continued. J And now the gossips were all full of pity for the widower's loss and loneliness — a poor bereaved creature living in a lonely old Grange, -with a young sister, the twin daughters, just four years old, and an ancient maiden lady who looked after the sister, the children, the house, -and 'the servants; and in her own person represented the genius of thrift, propriety, prudence, wisdom, and all the domestic virtues. People in the neighborhood of Bodmin, and his old friends at Plymouth, all thought and talked of Mr. Heathcote as born down by the -weight of bis bereavement, and all hoped that lie would soon marry again. L The Spaniards lay in a valley between Bod anin-Toad station and Penmorval. It lay on Bothwell's road to his cousin's house, and he had thus no excuse for parting company with the coroner had he been so inclined. The old wrought-iron gate between grey granite pillars, each crowned with the escutcheon of the Heatheotes, stood wide open, .and the snug rose and myrtle curtained cottage by the gate had as sleepy an air in the slimmer evening as if had been a lodge at the gate of the Sleeping J5eauty's enchanted domain. Even the old trees, the great Spanish chesnuts ?with their masses of foliage, had a look of having outgrown all reason in a century of ? repose. No prodigal son had laid the spend thrift's axe to the good old trees around the ? the birthplace of the Heatheotes. There was -only the extent of a wide paddock and a lawn between the hall door and that grand old gateway ; and the house, though substantial and capacious, ljardly pretended to the dignity of a mansion. It was long and low and rambling — -a, house of many small roqms, queer winding passages, innumerable doors and windows, and low, heavily-timbered ceilings ; a house in which .strange visitors and their servants were given to seeing ghosts and hearing unearthly noises -of gloomy and funereal significance — albeit the family bad jogged on quietly enough from .generation to generation without any inter ference from the spirit world. People coming from brand-new nouses in Earl's Court or Turnham Green protested that the Spaniards must be haunted ; and shuddered every time the mice scampered behind the panelling or the wind sighed amidst the branches of those leafy towers that girdled lawn and meadow. Bothwell thought that Mr. Heathcote would .leave him at the gate of the Spaniards. 'Good-night,' ne said, somewhat shortly. ' 111 go on to Penmorval with, you, and near what impression the inquest made upon Wyllard,' said the other. 'It's not half past seven yet— your cousin will be able to -spare me a few minutes before dinner. Bothwell walked on without a word. Ten minutes brought them to the gates of Penmor ~vai, by far the lordlier domain, witb a history tfcat involved noblest traditions.. But that ?xtncient race tor wnicn jrenmorval nad. been, built, for whose sons and daughters it had , grown in grandeur and dignity as the cen- j turies rolled along — of these there remained no ? more than the echo of a vanished renown — | they were gone, verily like a tale that is told, ] .and the parvenu banker, the man who had 1 4jrown rich by his own intellect and his own industry — naturally a very inferior person — ' reigned in their stead. Penmorval seemed not quite so dead asleep as Heathcote Grange,£alias the Spaniards. In the sweet stillness of the summer evening Bothwell and his companion heard voices — -women's voices— familiar and pleasant to the ears of both. Mrs. Wyllardwas strolling in the avenue -with a young lady by her side, a girl in a white . .gown and a large leghorn hat ; talL slight graceful of form, and fair of face— a girl who «ave a little cry of pleased surprise at seein° Heathcote. ° 'I was just rushing home, Edward,' she said, 'for fear T should keep you waiting for ?dinner.' . ? ? 'Indeed, Hilda. JThen 1 can only say that your idea of rushing is my idea of sauntering,' her brother answered, - smiling at the girlish face as he shook hands with Mr3. Wyllard. 'What did Mr. Wyllard think of the in quest ':' he asked. 'You have seen him, I suppose 5' ' Only for a minute as he drove by to the house, while Hilda and I were walking in. the avenue. Wiry, Bothwell, how fagged and ill you look,' exclaimed Mrs. Wyllard, looking at her cousin. 'Only bored,' answered Bothwell, which was not complimentary to the companion of his long walk. 'But you look positively exhausted, poor fellow,' pursued Dora pityingly. ' Why didn't you come back in the dogcart ? There was room for you.'= 'I wanted to be alone.' ' And I wanted company,' said Heathcote, laughing, ' so I inflicted my society upon au unwilling companion. Very bad manners, no doubt.' ' I am afraid you got the worst of the bar gain,' muttered Bothwell, with a sullen look, at which Hilda's blue eyes opened wide with irender. ' Do you know, Mr. Heathcote, an idle life dees not agree with my cousin,' said Dora. ' I never know what it is to be weary of Pe:i morval or the country round, but for the last three or four weeks Bothwell has behaved as if he hated the place, and could find neither rest nor amusement within twenty miles of us. He is perpetually moving off to Plymouth or to London.' 'I wish women would take to reading their dictionaries instead of cramming their heads with other women's novels,' exclaimed Both well savagely, 'for then perhaps they might have some idea of the meaning of words. Wjieu you say I mn up to London perpetually, Dora, I suppose you mean that I have been there twice — on urgent business, by-the-way — within the last five weeks.' ' And to Plymouth at least a dozen times,' protested Dora. ' All I can say is that you are my idea of perpetual motion.' ' I know you are hardly ever at home, Mr. Grahanie,' said Hilda, backing up her friend. They strolled towards the house as they talked, and half way along the avenue they met the master of Penmorval, correctly attired in sober evening dress, with a light overcoat worn loosely above his faultless black. ' How do you do, Heathcote ? Do you know, Dora, that it is ten minutes to eight ? You'll stop and dine with us, of course,' added Julian Wyllard cordially. ' You refused last night, but now Hilda is here, and you have no excuse for going home.' ' I only came to afternoon tea,' said Hilda. 'And you and my wife have been gossiping from five o'clock until now. Deepest mystery of social life, what two women can find to talk about for three mortal hours in the depths of a rural seclusion like this !' 'A mystery to a man who cannot imagine that women either think or read,' retorted Dora, taking her husband's arm. ' You men have a fixed idea that your wives and sisters have only two subjects of conversation — gowns and servants. Of course you will stay anddine, Mr. Heathcote. I am not going to dress for dinner, so please don't look at your frock-coat as if that were an insuperable obstacle. You and Hilda are going to stop whether you like it or not.' 'You know we always like to be here,' said Hilda, in her low, svreet voice. She stole a little shy look at Bothwell, as if wondering what he thought of the matter ; but Bothwell's countenance was inscrutable. TTil^a. -jras pained but not surprised by his manner. He had changed to her so strangely within the last few months — he who half a year ago had been so kind, so attentive. She was not angry — she was not vain enough to wonder that a. man should begin by caring for her a little, and then leave off caring for her all at once and relapse into absolute indifference. She supposed that such fickleness was a common attribute of the superior sex. They all went to the house and through a glass door into the large low drawing-room, where the butler immediately announced dinner. The two ladies had only time to take off their hats before they went into the dining room. They were both in white, and there was a grace in Dora Wyllard's simple gown, a cluster of roses half hidden by the folds of an Indian muslin fichu, a swan-like throat rising from a haze of delicate lace, which was more attractive than the costliest toilet ever imported from Paris to be the wonder of a court ball. Yes, she was still of all women Edward Heathcote had ever known the most gracious, the most beautiful. Those seven years of a happy married life had ripened her beauty, had given a shade of thoughtful:iess to the matron's dark eyes, the low wide brow, the perfect mouth, but had not robbed the noble countenance of a single charm. The face of the wife was nobler than the face of the girL It was the face of a woman who lived for another rather than for her own happiness, the face of a woman superior to all feminine frivolity, and yet in all things most womanly. Edward Heathcote sighed within himself as he took Ms place beside his hostess in the subdued light of the old panelled room, a warm light from lamps that hung low on the table, under-rose-colored shades, umbrella-shaped, spreading a luminous glow over silver and glass and flowers, and leaving the faces of the guests somewhat in shadow. He sighed as he thought how sweet life would have been for bim nad tins woman remained true to Her nrst love. For she had loved Viim once. Eight years ago they two had clasped hands, touched lips, as affianced lovers. He could never forget what she had been to V»m; or what she might have been. He sat at her husband's table in all loyalty of souL in staunch friendship. He would have cut his heart out rather than de base himself or Dora by one guilty thought. Yet he could but remember these things had been. The two ladies left almost immediately after dinner, and Bothwell sauntered out into the garden directly afterwards. Not to rejoin them, as he would have done a few months ago, but to smoke the cigar of solitude in a walk beside a crumbling old red wall and a long narrow border of hollyhocks, talL gigantic, yellow, and crimson, and white, and pink. There were fruit trees on the other side of the wall, which was supported with tremen dous buttresses at intervals of twenty feet or so, and about wall and buttressss climbed clematis and passion flower, jasmine, yellow and white, and the great crimson trumpet of the bignonia. The banker and the lawyer sat silently for a few minutes, Julian Wyllard occupied in the choice of a cigar from a case which he had first offered to his guest, and then Edward Heath cote asked him what he thought of the inquest. ' I thought it altogether unsatisfactory,' answered Wyllard. 'You did your best to thrash out a few facts, but those fools of rail way people had nothing to tell worth hearing. Everybody knows that the poor creature fell off the train — or was thrown off. What we want to find out is whether there was foul play in the business.' ' It is iny belief that there was,' said Heath cote, looking at him fixedly in the dim diffi cult light, almost as unsatisfactory for such a scrutiny as the changeful glow of the fire. 'And jnnie,' answered the banker ; ' and so strong is my conviction upon this point that I stopped at the post-office on my way home and telegraphed to my old friend George *Distin,' asking him to come down aud help us :JtO43olve the. mystery.' ??i- 'Bo- you niean the famous criminal lawyer.' - : ' 'Whom -else should I mean? He and I were schoeltellows. I have asked him to stop at Penniorval while he carries on his investiga tion.' Chapter m. — George Distin. Mrs. Wyllard was surprised and es'en horri fied when, on the morning after the inquest, her husband told her that he had invited Mr. Distin, the criminal lawyer, to stay at Pen morval while he investigated the mystery of the nameless girl's death. The presence of such a man beneath her roof seemed to her like a pollution of that happy home. ' My dear Dora, what a delightful embodi ment of provincial simplicity you show yourself in this business,' said her husband laughingly. 'I believe you confound the lawyer who practices in the criminal courts with the police agent you have read about in French novels. A man of low birth and education, with nothing but his native wit to recommend hi™ — a man whose chief talent is for disguises, aud who passes his life in a false beard and eye brows in the company of thieves and mur derers, whom it is his business to make friends with and then betray. George Distin is a solicitor of long standing, whose chief practice happens to be iu the Old Bailey. He is a most 'acccinpltehed gentleman and the friend of princes.' 'He is your frierd, Julian, so I ought not for a moment to have doubted that he is a gentleman,' answered Dora, sweetly, with her hand resting on her husband's shoulder — such a lovely hand, with long-, taptrmg lingers, and dimples where other people have knuckles, like a hand in an old Bolognese picture. 'Still I wish with all my heart that he were going to stayatthehotel. I don't want you tobe involved in this terrible business. Why should you concern yourself about it, Julian? Nothing you can do can be of use to the poor dead girl. What is it all to you ? What have you to do with it?' 'My duty,' answered Wyllard, firmly. 'As a magistrate I am bound to see that a terrible crime — if crime it be — shall not go unpunished in my district. I have no par ticular aptitude for unravelling mysteries. I therefore send for my old schoolfellow, who has won his reputation among the sinuous ways of crime.' 'Ah, I remember. You and Mr. Distin were together at Marlborough,' said Dora, musingly, 'that is enough to make him an interesting person in my mind.' 'Yes, we were companions and rivals in the same form,' answered Julian, 'there were some who thought us two the sharpest lads in the school. In all our studies we were neck and neck; but in other points the difference between us was a wide one. Distin was the son of a rich London solicitor, an only son who could draw upon an indulgent father for means to gratify every whim, who had his clothes made by a fashionable tailor, and could afford to hire a hunter whenever he got the chance of riding one. I was one of many children— the fourth son of a Warwickshire parson, so I had to reckon my cash by sixpences and to wear my clothes till they were threadbare. Yes, there was an awful gulf between Distin and me in those days — the impassable abyss that yawns between wealth and poverty.' i 'And now you must be a great deal richer : than he, and you can receive him in this lovely old place.' ! 'There will be some pride in that. Yes, ' Dora, fortune was at home to me when I . Imocked at her door. I have been what is called a lucky man.' ? J ' And you are a happy one, I hope,' murmured his wife, nestling her head in his breast, as he stood before the open window ' looking dreamily out at smnmerwaods. j ' Ineffably happy, sweet one, in having won ; you,' he answered tenderly, kissing the fair, broad brow. ' You must have been wonderfully clever,' said Dora enthusiastically, 'beginning with out any capital, and within five aud twenty years making yourself the head of a great baulring-house.' _ ?'- ' I was fortunate in my enterprises when I- ! was a young man, and I lived at a time when fortunes were made — and lost — rapidly. I may have had a longer head than some of my compeers; at any rate I was cooler headed than the majority of them, and I kept out of rotten schemes.' 'Or_got out- of them before they collapsed,' perhaps Mr. Wyllard might have said, had he displayed an exhaustive candour. But in talking of business matters to a woman a man is apt to keep something in the background. So after a good deal more discursive talk be tween husband and wife it was agreed that Mr. Distin's \isit was not to be regarded as an affliction. A telegram arrived while Sir. and Mrs. Wyllard were talking, announcing the lawyer's arrival by the same train which had carried the nameless waif to her grave in the valley, the train arriving at Bodmin-road at a quarter before eight. The dog-cart was to meet the guest, and dinner was to be deferred till nine o'clock for his pecommodation. ' You can send a line to Heathcote and ask him to dine with us to-night,' said. Wyllard. ' I know he is desperately interested in this business, and would like to meet Distin.' 'And Hilda — you won't mind having Hilda?' ' Not in the least. Hilda is an ornament to any gentleman's dining-table. But how fond you have become of Hilda lately.' ' I y.'as always fond of her. Do you know there is something which puzzles me very much?' ' Indeed.' ' A few months ago I thought Bothwell was in love 'with Hilda, lie seemed devoted to her, and was always asking me to have her over here. I was rejoicing at the idea of the poor fellow getting- such a sweet girl for his wife, for I thought Hflda rather liked him, when all at once he cooled and appeared actually to go out of the way in order to avoid her. Strange, was it not?' ' The fickleness of an idle mind, no doubt,' answered Wyllard carelessly. He had not his wife's keen interest in the joys and sorrows of other people. He was said to be a kind-hearted man. He was good to the poor in a large way, and never drew his purse strings against the appeal of misfortune. But he could not be worried about the details of other people's lives. He did not care a straw whether Bothwell was or was not in love with j Hilda. To his wife on the contrary the ques- j tion was vital, involving the happiness of two people whom she loved. ' If your cousin does not put his shoulder to the wheel before long he will fall into a very '. bad way,' said Wyllard decisively. | ' He would be very glad to do it if he only knew what wheel to shoulder,' said Bothwell's voice outside, as he sauntered to the window, ; wafting aside the pale smoke of his cigarette, j It seemed to Dora as if her cousin spent his home lif e in smoking cigarettes and sauntering in the gardens, where, on his energetic days, he helped her in her war of extermination against thegreen fly. J ' There is always a wheel to be moved by the man who is not afraid of work,' said Wyllard. ' So I am told, but I have found no such wheel as a civilian. Seriously, Julian, I know that I am an idler and a reprobate — that I am taking advantage of your kindness and letting life slip by me, just because I have the run of my teeth in this fine old place, and because you and Dora are worlds too good to me. I have been taking my own character between my teeth and giving it a good shaking within tne last tew days, and x mean to turn over a new leaf. I shall go abroad — to the South Seas.' 'What are you to do for aMfving in the South Seas?' ,,-?.. 'Something. Sub-edit a colonial paper keep a grocery store — turn parson and convert the nigger. I shall fall upon my feet, you may be sure. I shall find something to do before I have been out there long. Or if Otaheite won't give me a roof and a crust, I can cross to the mainland and drive sheep. Something I must do for my bread— into the new world I must go. The atmosphere of the old world is stifling me. I feel as if I was living in an orchid house.' 'No, BothwelL you are not going to the other end of the world said Dora affectionately. 'You ought not to say such things, Julian, making him feel as if he were an intruder, as if he were not welcome here ; my first cousin, the only companion of my youth that remains to me now my dear mother is gone. Surely we who are rich need not grudge our kinsman a home.' ' My dearest, you ought to know that I spoke for Bothwell's sake, aud from no other motive than my care for bis interest,' answered Julian gravely. ' A young man without a pro fession is a young man on the high road to per dition.' ' I believe you with all my souL'eried Both welL with feverish energy, 'and I shall sail for Otaheite in the first ship that will carry me. Not because I do not love you, Dora, but because I want to be worthier of your love.' He lighted a fresh cigarette and sauntered away from the window to breathe latakia over the John Hoppers and Victor Verdiers on the wall. Dora's eyes filled with tears. She. was angrier with her husband than she had ever been since her marriage. ' It is very unkind of you to drive Bothwell cut of your house,' she said passionately. ' You make me regret that I have not a house of my own. You forget how fond we have always been of each other — that he is as dear to me as a brother.' 'It is because I remember that fact that I am anxious to stimulate JSotliweU to action of son.e kind,' answered her husband. ' Do you think it is good for any young man to lead the kind of life your cousin leads here ?' ' 'If he were to marry he would become more industrious, I have no doubt,' said Dora. 'You might pension off old Mr. Gretten, and make Bothwell your laud steward.' 'Which in Bothwell's case would mean a genteel dependence, under the disg-uise of a responsible position. Bothwell would be seen on every racecourse in the west country — would play billiards at the George, shoot my game, and let somebody else do my work.' 'Do you mean that my cousin is a dis honorable man ?' asked Dora, indignantly. - INo, dear. 1 mean that he is a man who has spoiled one career for himself and will have to work uncommonly hard in order to find another.' This was cruel logic to Dora's ear. For the first time in her life she thought that her hus band was ungenerous ; and for the first time in her life she reckoned her own fortune as an element of power. _ Hitherto she had allowed her rents to be paid into her husband's bank. She had her own cheque-book, and drew whatever money she wanted ; but she did not even ask what income each year brought her, or what surplus was left at the end of the year. She had never offered to help Bothwell with money. She had felt that any such offer would humiliate him, But now she considered for the first time that her money must have accumulated to a considerable extent in her husband's bank, and. that it was in her 2-ower to assist Bothwell with capital for any enter prise which he might desire to undertake. If he had set his heart upon going to the South Sea Islands, he should not start with an empty purse. The train from Paddington came into Bodniin-road station with laudable punc tuality, and without mischance of any kind, and the dogcart brought Mr. Distin to Pen morval before half -past eighth Ddra was in the drawing-room when he arrived.'. She had dressed early iu order to be on the-snot to wel come her husband's friend, even alMstlie came to her with a perfume of the Old Bailey. In spite of Mr. Wyllard's praise of his old schoolfellow Dora had expected a foxy and un pleasant individual with craft in every feature ef his face. She was agreeably surprised on beholding a good-looking man, of refined t5rpe, with aquiline nose, dark eyes, hair and whiskers inclining to gray, slim, well set up, neat with out being dapper or priggish — a man who might have been taken for an artist or an author just as readily as for a lawyer versed in the dark ways of crime. 'My friend Wyllard looks all the better for his rural seclusion,' said Distin, after he had been introduced to Dora. ' He seems to me a younger man by ten years than he was when I met him in Paris, just ten years ago. And that means twenty years to the good, you see.' ' Is it really ten years since you have met ?' exclaimed Dora. ' 'Exactly a decade. Our last meeting was a chance encounter in the Palais RoyaL where we ran against each other one day at dinner time— both making for Veiouv's, where we diued together and_ talked over old times. . I thought that evening iny friend looked aged and haggard, nervous and worried, aud I put it down to the ruling disease of our epoch, high-pressure. But now I find him regener ated, glorified by country life. Happy fellow ! who can afford to enjoy his otium cum ditjni iatc in the verj- prime of life.' 'You hear what he says, Dora,' said Wyllard laughingly. ' Now I daresay what he thinks is — ' How can this poor devil endure his existence out of London — two hundred miles from the clubs — from the opera-house — from the first nights of new plays — the crowd of familiar faces ?' I know iuy friend Distill of old, and that he could not go on breathing out of London any more than a fish cau live out of water.' ' I like my little London,' admitted Distin coyly, almost as if he were talking of a fasci nating ivonian. ' There's so much in it, aud it's such a devilish wicked place, to those who. really lenow it. But I think the country a most delightful institution from Saturday to Monday.' ' The cockney stands confessed in that one remark,' said Wyllard laughing. ' That is the worst of Devonshire and Corn wall ;' pursued Distin in his airy way. 'Charming scenery — eminently picturesque. .But too far off to Y-e done from Saturday to Monday. But there is one ineffable charm in fhose pretty places up the river, and those rustic villages in Kent.' ' Pray what is that ?' 'One is always so delighted to arrive on Saturday afternoon, and so charmed to leave on Monday morning. The rustic aroma just lasts till Sunday night, and the keen craving for town begins with the dawn of Monday. But I must go and get rid of two hundred mile3 of dust,' said Mr. Distin, slipping off as lightly as a boy. He left the drawing-room at twenty minutes to nine and returned at five minutes before the hour in full evening dress. It was almost like a conjuring trick. His costume was of the quietest, yet there was a finish and style about everything that impressed even the ignorant. One felt that the very latest impress of fashion's fair fingers had touched that shirt, had meted out the depth of the silk collar, the curve of the sleeve. That black pearl centre- stud might have been the last gift of a prince, or a high bred woman. One ring, and one only, adorned the solicitor's left hand, but that ring was a table diamond, two hundred and forty years old, said to have been given by Anne of Austria to the Duke of Buckingham. Bothwell, who took some pride in his clothes, looked clumsy and unfashionable be side the London lawyer, or at any rate fancied that he did. Edward Heathcote was at all times a careless dresser, but his tall figure, and a certain dash which was more soldierly than civilian, made him an important personage in every circle. He had the free grace, the easy movements of a man who has spent his boy hood and youth out- of-doors — hunting, shoot ing, fishing, mountaineering. The dinner was lively, thanks chiefly to George Distin, for Bothwell had a dispirited air, and Hilda could not help feeling unhappy at seeing his gloom, though she tried to conceal her sympathy. Mr. Wyllard and Mr. Distin had the conversation to themselves during the greater part of the meal, for Mr. Heathcote wras graver and more re served than usual, and Dora had a subdued_ and thoughtful air. She w7ould have been quite ready to admit that George Distin was a very agreeable person, and altogether worthy of her husband's friendship; but she could not dissociate him from the horror of the event -which had caused his presence in that house. She felt that of those gathered around her table that night, in the shaded light of the low lamps, amidst the perfume of hot-house flowrers, the greater number were brooding upon a mystery which might mean murder. She was very glacl to escape to the drawing room with Hilda directly dinner was over. 'And now, I suppose, they will talk of that poor creature's death,' she said. ' Come, Hilda, sing one of your Schubert songs, and let us try and forget all that horror.' Hilda seated herself at the piano obediently and began 'Mignon.' She had a lovely mezzo soprano, clear as a bell, ripe, and round, and full. The rich notes went pealing up to the low ceiling and floating out at the open windows. Perhaps Bothwell heard them in the dining- room, for he came sauntering in presently, and slipped quietly into a seat in the most shadowy corner of the room. Hilda al ways sang and played from memory. There was no duty to be done in the way of turning over music. 'What made you desert the gentlemen, Bothweli?' asked Mrs. Wyllard, when the song was over. 'They were talking of that diabolical in quest again. Nobody in Bodmin seems able to talk of anything else. Wherever I went to day 1 heard the same ghastly talk— every imaginable suggestion, and not one grain of common sense. What ghouls people must be to gloat over such a subject. No .wonder that men who live in great cities despise the rustic mind.' ' I do not find that the inhabitants of cities are any less ghoulish,' retorted Dora, who felt warmly about her native soil, and would have fought for Cornish people and Cornish institu tions to the death. 'See how the Londou papers gloat over the details of crime.' These three spent the evening very quietly in the drawing- room, while the three men in the dining-room were discussing the event on the railway. Hilda sang three or four of Mrs. Wyllard's favorite songs, while her hostess sat in the lamplight by an open window working at a group of monster sunflowers on a ground of olive plush. Bothwell kept in his shadowy corner all the evening, so quiet that he might have been asleep, save that he murmured a 'thank you, Miss Heathcote, very lovely,' after one of Hilda's songs. She thought that he was only grateful for having had his slumber soothed by a vague strain of melody. The men in the dining-room had turned away from the lighted table, and were sitting in a little knot in the embrasure of the wide Tudor window, smoking their cigars, half in the ruddy glow of the lamps and half in the mellow light of the newly-risen moon. They could hardly see each other's faces in that uncertain light. Stodden, the butler, had wheeled a table over to the window and arranged the claret- jugs and glasses upon it before he left the room. The little knot of men smoking and drinking by the window looked a rjicture of comfort, with the soft sweet air blowing in from the garden, and the great full moon shining over the roses and the foun tain in the old-fashioned Italian parterre. George Distin's keen eye noted every detail of his friend's surroundings, and he told hiniself that for the fourth son of a village vicar Julian Wyllard had done remarkably well. Between them Wyllard and the coroner had contrived to put the London lawyer in full , possession of the facts relating to the girl's j death. Those facts were unfortunately of the I scantiest. Edward Heathcote breathed no j hint of tliat dark suspicion about Bothwell I which had flashed into his mind after the 1 inquest, aud which he had vainly en deavored to shake oS since that time. Both ! well's manner at dinner this evening had not j been calculated to disarm suspicion. His I moody brow, his silence and abstraction, were the unmistakeable signs of secret trouble of sorce kind. That trouble was coincidental in time with the event of the railway ; for Heatli cote and Bothwell had met in Bodmin, and had ridden home together on the previous day, and the young man had been cheery enough. | ' The ticket found upon the girl was from 1 London to Plymouth, 1 apprehend;' said Mr. Distin, when lie had heard everything. 'Yes.' ' Then she started from Paddington that morning. My business will be to find out who she was, and the motive of her journey. ' ' And do you think there is a possibility of tracing her in London — without a shred of evidence — except the photograph of a dead face?' exclaimed ?\VyIlard. 'To my mind it seems like looking in a brook for a bubble that j broke there a week ago.' j ' ' As a west countryman you should remember j how the otter hounds hunt the bead on the j water,' answered Distin. 'With a photo- j graph the police ought to be able to trace that girl — even in the wilderness of London.' ! 'But if she were a foreigner, and only j passed through London ?' suggested Wyllard. j ' Even then she would leave her bead, like the otter. She could not get a night's shelter without some one knowing of her coming and going. Unless she slept in the lowest form of odging-uouse — a place through which the herd oF'strange faces are always passing-:-the proba bilities are in favor of her face being remem bered.' 'Judging by the neatness of her clothes and the refinement of her features, she must have been the last person likely to set foot in a common lodging-house,' said Heathcote. ' But there was no money found upon her — neither purse, nor papers of any kind. '' ' That fact is to me almost conclusive,' said Distin. ' Upon what point ?' ' It convinces me that she was made away with.' 'Indeed,' exclaimed Wyllard, much sur prised. ' The thing never occurred to me in that light.' 'Naturally, my dear friend. You have not ? devoted twenty years of your life to the study of the criminal mind,' answered the lawyer easily. ' Don't you see that the first thought of a man who made up his mind to throw a girl but of a train — unless he did the act in a bund fury which gave him no time for thought of any kind — his first precaution, I say, would be to see that there was no evidence of her | identity upon her, more especially where the victim was a stranger in the land, as this poor I thing was. The identification of the victim is ' often half way towards the identification of , the murderer. But if the dead can.be buried ; unrecognised — a nameless, unknown waif, in - whose fate no private individual is interested — why, after the funeral the murderer may take his ease and be merry, assured that he will hear no more of the matter. Public interest in a mysterious crime of that kind soon dies out.' 'And you think that this poor girl was the victim of a crime?' asked the coroner, sur prised to find his own idea shared by the great authority. .' In my own mind 1 have no doubt she was murdered.' ' But why should she not have committed suicide ?' ' Why should she have travelled from London to Cornwall in order to throw herself over that particular embankment?' demanded Distin. ' An unnecessary luxury, when there were the Holborn Viaduct and a score of bridges at her service, to say nothing of the more natural exit by her own bedroom window. Besides, in the statistics of self-murder you will find that nineteen out of twenty suicides nay, I might almost say ninety-nine out of a hundred— leave a piteous little note explain ing the motive of the deed— an appeal to posterity, as it were. ' See how great a suf ferer I have been, and what an heroic end I have made.' No, there is only one supposition that would admit this girl being her own destroyer. Some ruffian in the train might have so scared her that she flung herself out in a frantic effort to escape from him. But against this possibility there is the fact of the absence --f aijyVjMirse or papers. She could not have been travelling- that distance without, at least, a few shillings in her possession.' ' Whoknows?' said Julian Wyllard. 'Very narrow are the straits of genteel poverty. If, as I suppose, she was a poor little nursery governess going to her situations-she may have had just money enough to pay for her railway ticket, and no more. She may have relied upon her employers meeting her at the station with a conveyance.' 'If she were a nursery governess, due at some country, house on that day, surely her employers would have communicated with the Bodmin police before now,' said Distin. 'New^s finds its way slowly to sleepy old houses in remote districts off the railway,' replied Wyllard. 'There are people still living in Cornwall wiio depend upon a weekly paper for all the news of the outer world.' 'If the poor girl were going to such benighted wretches let us hope that they will wake in a day or two and enlighten us about her,' said Distin. ' And now to be distinctly practical, Jind to tell you what I am going to do. Mr. Heathcote's carriage was announced nearly an hour ago, and I saw him looking at his watch just now.' '1 was only uneasy atafnit Mrs. Wyllard and my sister. We are keeping them up rather late,' said the coroner apologetically. 'Dora won't mind. She loves the tran quility of midnight,' replied Wyllard. 'Go on, Distin. What is your plan ?' ' Your adjourned inquest does not come on for nearly a fortnight,' said Distin. 'Now, you can't expect me to waste all that time in Cornwall — delicious as it would be to dream away existence among the roses of that de lightful garden — so the best thing I can do is to run up to London to-morrow morning,' he spoke as if he w-ere at Maidenhead ofMarlow, 'find out all I can there, and return here for the coroner's next sitting, by which time,' added the specialist, cheerily, 'I hope we shall have got up a pretty little case for the public prosecutor. Mr. Heathcote will kindly keep me informed of any new details that crop up here. I shall have the poor little girl's photograph in my pocketbook, You'll send a messenger to your town early to morrow morning, Wyllard, and tell the photo grapher to meet me af the station with his photographs of the dead girl? He ought to have them ready by that time.' 'I will give the order to-night,' said Wyllard, and then the three men repaired to the drawing-room. 'I have been very happy here,' said Hilda, to her brother ; ' but I thought you were never coming for me. Mrs. Wyllard must be dread fully fired.' ' Never tired of your company, Hilda,' in terjected Dora. 'Nor of Schubert.' ' And as for Mr. Grahame, lie has been asleep ever since dinner.' ' That is a baseless calumny, Miss Heath cote. I have not lost a note of your songs. I am told that Schubert was rather a low person — convivial that is to say, somewhat Bohemian — fond of taverns and tavern com pany. But I will maintain that there must have been a pure and beautiful soul in the man who wrote such songs as those.' 'I am so glad you like them,' answered Hilda, brightening at his praise. ' I dare say you often heard them in India.' ' No ; the people I knew in India had not such good taste as you.' 'But in a country lixe that where ladies hr.ve so little to do music must be such a resource,' persisted Hilda, who was curiously interested in Mr. Grahame's Indian experi ences. She was always wondering what his lite had been like in that strange distant world, what kind of people he had knowjic there. She wondered all the more perhaps on account of Bothwell's reticence. She could 'never get him to talk freely of his Indian days, and this gave the whole thing an air of mystery. The clock in the great gray pile of stabling was striking twelve as the coroner's carriage drove away. ' I cannot think wiiat has happened to Mr. Grahanie,' said Hilda. 'He used to be so lively, and now he is so dull.' ' The change is palpable to others, then, as well as to me,' thought Heathcote. ' What ever the cause may be there is a change. God help him if my fear is well grounded. If I were a criminal I would as soon have a sleuth hound on my track as George Distin.' Mr. Distin was on his way to London before noon next day, curled up in a corner of a coupe, looking out eagerly at every station for the morning papers. He had the dead girl's photo graphs — full face, profile — in his letter-case. On making his adieux at Penmorval he declared that he had thoroughly enjoyed his little run into the country, his night in the fresh air. 'So delicious to wake at six — nry usual hour — and smell your roses, and hear your fountain,' he said. 'I look forward with delight to my return the week after next.' During that interval which occurred between Mr. Distin's departure aud the adjourned in quest, Edward Heathcote gave himself up to his usual avocations, and took no further trouble to fathom the mystery of the stranger's untimely fate. After all, he told . himself, after much brooding upon a subject that troubled him greatly, it was not for him to solve the problem. He was not the public prosecutor, nor was he a detective, nor even a criminal lawyer, like George Distin. His business was to hear what other people had to say, not to hunt up evidence against anybody. His duty began when he took his seat at an inquest, and ended when he left it. Why then should he vex his mind with dark suspicions against a man who was the near kinsman — the adopted brother — of that woman for whose sake or for whose happi ness he would have gladly died 'i This was how Edward Heathcote argued with himself, and it w^as in pursuance of this conclusion that he gave himself up to a life of idleness during the twelve days that suc ceeded Mr. Distin's departure. He went for long rides in the early mornings ; he drove with his sister and the twins in the afternoon. He appeared at two archery meetings and three tennis parties — a most unusual conces sion to the claims of society — and he dawdled away the rest of his existence reading the last new books in English, French, and German, and discussing- them with Hilda's duenna, Theresa Meyerstein, a curious specimen of the German fraulein, intensely domestic, and yet deeply learned — a woman able to turn from Schopenhauer to strawberry jam, from Plato to plum pudding — a woman who knew every theory that had ever been started upon the mind and its functions, and who could tell to a hundred weight how much coal ought to be consumed in a gentleman's household. Mr. Heathcote had discovered this paragon of domesticity and erudition, acting as deputy manager at a peii sion at Baden, during the first year of his widowhood, and he brought her away from the white slavery and the scanty remuneration of that institution to the .luxury of an English country house, and the certainty of a liberal recompense for her labors. Fraulein Meyer stein rewarded her employer by a most thorough fidelity, and adored Hilda and the twin daughters. Her soul had languished in a chilling atmosphere for lack of something to love, and she lavished the garnered treasures of long years upon these Cornish damsels who were committed to her care. Moie than once during these long summer days Hilda urged the necessity of calling at Penmorval, but her brother told her she could go alone, or take the Fraulein, who dearly loved a drive and a gossip over a cup of tea, and who was always kindly received by Mrs. Wyllard, in spite of her short petticoats, anatomical boots, and Teutonic bonnets. 'You can perform those small civilities without any assistance from me,-'.' said Heath cote. 'You women are so tremendously posted in the details of etiquette. Now, it j would never have occurred to me that because i we dined at Penmorval a few nights ago we were strenuously bound to call upon Mrs. Wyllard before the end of the week. I thought thatwithfriends of longstanding those Draconic laws were a dead letter.' ' I don't mean to say that we need be ceremonious, Edward,' answered Hilda, 'but I am sure Mrs. Wyllard will expect to see us. She will think we are forgetting her if we don't go.' ' Then you go, dear, and let her see that you are not forgetful, whatever I may be, 'said Heathcote. He had a horror of entering that house of -Penmorval just now, lest he should see or hear something that would give him new cause for suspecting BothwelL He had a feeling that he_ could only cross that threshold as the bringer of evil ; and it would be a bitter thing for him to carry evil into her home for whose peace he had prayed night and morning for the last eight years. So Hilda drove her ponies up the hill to PenmorvaL and Miss Meyerstein sat beside her in all the glory of her new bonnet, sent from Munich by a relative, and reported as the very latest fashion in that city. Un happily for the success of the bonnet in Corn waif, Bodmin fashions and Munich fashions were wide as the poles asunder. Bodmin boasted a milliner who took in the fashion magazines, and beguiled her clients with the idea that everything she made for them was Parisian. The Bodmin milliner had a heavy hand, and laid on feathers and flowers as if with a trowel ; but her bonnets and hats were light as thistle-down in comparison with the art of Bavaria. It was the afternoon of the adjourned in quest, and Mr. Distin was on the scene, ready to watch the enquiry. He had arrival at Pen morval in time for breakfast, after travelling all night. 'Siich a good way of getting rid of the night,' he said, as he discussed a salmi of trout, caught in the stream that traversed Peumorval Park. Alone in the library with Julian Wyllard after breakfast the London lawyer confessed that for once in his life he had been pretty nearly beaten. He had shown the photographs of the dead face to two of the cleverest detec tives in London — had set one to work in the east and the other in the west — promising a liberal reward for any valuable information ; and nothing had come of their labours. One had tried every lodging-house within a certain radius of Paddington. The other had explored the neighborhood of London Bridge Station, and failing there had come as far west as Char ing Cross. The ground had been thoroughly beaten, and no likely place had been forgotten in which a stranger of this girl's class could find shelter. 'She might have gone „ to the house of friends,' suggested WyTlard. ' If she had friends in London — were they ever such slight acquaintances even — they would have been heard of ? before now,' argued Distin. 'I take it that she was unknown to a mortal on this side of the channel, except the man who murdered her, and who had no doubt some very powerful motive for w-anting to get rid of her.' ' What do you suppose that motive to have been ?' ' My dear Wyllard, what a question for a clever man to ask '.' exclaimed the lawyer, with a shade of contempt. 'To speculate upon the motive I must have some knowledge of the man, and of this girl's murderer I know nothing. If I could once find the man I should soon find the motive. Such a murder as this generally means the breaking of some legal tie that has become onerous — some bond which death alone can loosen.' (To be continued.) 