THE TRAVELLER. THE LAND OF THE GOLDEN FLEECE. BIT GEOEGE AUGUSTUS SALA. '■—AT SAN FRANCISCO. Five yean ago, in the early springtime, sojourning for awhile at San Francisco, a friend drove me in his spider-wagon one enchanting, sunny morning through the leafy glades of the Golden Gate Park, and so to an hotel on the seashore over against the famous Meal Rock. I mind the trip well, for more than one reason. Lunching at the hotel £ found my dear old friend, Edward Askew Sothern, who, as Lord Dundreary, had been playing to crowded houses at San Francisco during the week, but who had been for a long time in deplorably bad health. He looked that spring morning at the Cliff House as one unmistakably marked for death. All who can might read " Thanatos" im printed with ghastly distinctness on his forehead. He was so pitiably weak and ill that he was compelled to forego partaking of a little entertainment which we had planned for that afternoon, and to lie down on a couch until it was time for him to return to El Dorado and play tom fool—• and how inimitably did he play it '.—for the five or six thousandth time as the eccentric whom he had taught, millions of Americans, and even Englishmen, to regard as the life like type of a member of the British aristo cracy. I was only to gaze upon his handsome face and listen to his kindly voice once more on this side the grave. A few months After our meeting on the shore hard by the Golden Gate, I just had time to shake his hand and interchange half a dozen words with him in a private box at the Princess's Theatre, London, A very few days afterwards I heard that poor Sothern was dead. But there is another reason why that trip to the Cliff House and the Seal Rock con tinues to dwell in my memory. Twas when the wagon turned a sharp angle of the road, shortly before we arrived at our destination, that mine eyes first caught sight of the Pacific. Yes; the Pacific Ocean, a broad bar of ultramarine, gleaming at the end of a vista of graceful foliage. I have heard of travellers who have expressed themselves as disap pointed with the Atlantic, and who have even failed to be impressed by the first sight of the Falls of Niagara ; and it is related of John Eemble, the tragedian, that visiting Chamounix very late in life, he made no secret of his opinion that Mount Blanc was a much overrated mountain. I own, myself, that I have gazed with out emotion on the Guadalquivir, and that I never thought much of the ManQauaus. But the first rapid glimpse of the Pacific filled me with almost unmingled delight, It was worth while—well worth while—to have come so many thousands of miles to behold that sea; to have been jolted in the train day after day from Chieago to Omaha, from Omaha toOgden, from Ogden to Sacramento City; to have traversed Wearyfoot Common, other wise the Rocky Mountains; to have run the gauntlet of the snowsheds and Webber's Canon and the Devil's Slide; to have threaded the gorges of the Sierras Neva das ; and, entering at last on the joyous descent of the Pacific Slope, to have passed through what appeared to you as a terrestrial paradise after all the snowy deserts which you had painfully plodded over. And at last you had reached the long-yearned- for Pacific. I said that my delight in reaching a bourne so anxiously awaited was almost unmingled. But there was juBt one little drop of bitter in my cup of joy. I stood for a long time alone in the verandah of the hotel, filling my vision with the now-unimpeded view of the blue ocean. Over against me, within pistol-shot^ was the group of rocks on which the brown furred, black-eyed, good-natured-looking Beale were clambering, or lying basking in the sun by the score and by the hundred. Anon they would descend and di7e into the briny Bpray, bent, I suppose, on a brief fishing excursion. Now and again there would be a tumultuary splashing in the water, and an ominous popping-up from the surface of one bullet-head after anotber—bullet-heads dis playing teeth likewise—as though seal had fallen out with seal, and there was a fight in progress on some disputed question of a piscatorial property. All this while the seals, which were clambering or skylarking on the crags orBhakingthe foam from their fur coats, ceased not to bark like mad. The residents of the western extremity of the Marine parade at Brighton used bitterly to complain of the nocturnal uproar raised by the sea lions at the Aquarium. I wonder what those delicately nerved people would have thought of the incessant bow-wowing of the hairy denizenB of the Seal Rocks? Surely the narrow waterway between the crags and the cliffs ought to be called "Barking Creek!" But 1 looked far ahead—far, far away beyond the waste of blue. I looked to the horizon. Over there was China; over there was Japan; over there was Australia. For how many years had I been longing to look at life in the Southern Hemisphere! In the Bay of San Francisco there was a plenitude of stout ships, which, in less than a month, would bear me to Hongkong, to Yokohama, or to Sydney. And why not return to England by the way of India? It was not to be this time. 1 had been globe-trotting for many yean, but the pardonable ambition to be a circumnavigator was not yet to be gratified. Besides, I had responsibilities behind me. I had given Postages to Fortune in the United States. 1 had come straight to 'FriBco, leaving Utah unvisited. I was morally bound on my return eastward to turn aside at Ogden, branch off at Salt Lake City, and have a peep at what was going on down among the Mormons. There was, besides, a matter of two portmanteaus and a bonnet-box left in the baggage- room of the Grand Pacific Hotel at Chicago, and the re membrance of these impedimenta lay heavy on my soul. And my mind was further troubled by the thought that there was a box full of books waiting for me at New York. £ must go back by the way which I had come —the Union ana Pacifio, the Chicago and North-Western, and Erie Railways, and so, by a Cnnard steamship, to England. Five years are a laige slice out of the life of an elderly wanderer; yet time and the hour have worn out, somehow, the roughest of the days and months between Christmas 1679 and Christmas 1884. Once more I left London at the beginning of "the festive season." Once fhore I have gone to sea in a ?f0rfn' *™veraed the snowy and icebonnd Eastern States to find strawberries, green ■peas, oranges, and japonicas growing in the open m California, Once more a friend has driven me down from the Palace Hotel through the Golden Gate Park to the Cliff House and the Pacific beach; and once more X have watched the gambadoes and listened to the barking of the merry brown seals on the group of rocks. But it has not been wisttnlly, nor with the sickness of hope de terred, that 1 have gazed, this time, upon the. huge azure expanse and scanned the boroon. My baggage is at the wharf, and ?j i/i11 ii bay* This is Saturday, and on Monday the steamer in which I have rSr?\ the good ship Australia, Captain Ghest commanding—starts for Hono lulu and Sydney, New South Wales. But I must now write in the past tense. ■Many.morns of observation, adventure, and experience have passed, and I have been slowly, sedulously, and laboriously en deavouring to learn something of a country vast and new and strange to me. But ere I enter on the narrative of what I saw, and heard, and thought in the Land of the Golden Fleece—in the Australian Colonies— eotne brief space may be allowed to me wherein to tell how I came hither, and what manner of things and people, and what vicis situdes of climate, and the ways of the mighty deep I met with on my wav. •specially may I <lwell perhaps on the last ght of my sojouni in the beloved City of San ranciaco. Ay, beloved! Sou know what he .Romans sav of the Fountain of Trevi. The stranger, they declare, who has once drunk of the Trevi waters iB bound to return agam and again to the Eternal City ; and in deed, even as I am penning theBe lineB. jn a kind of bird • cage, opening on J® * verandah looking out on the beautiful Fitzroy River at sultiy Rock faampton, m Queensland—we aie not far from the tropics, and one of the leading local u journals called the Capricornian—l am thmkmg of what a very nice thing it will be J? bld *«ewell to Australasia at the height of her summer next Christmas, and travelling homewards by a P. & 0\. touch ing at Brindiei, or an . Orient touching at Naples, to find myself in the early spring time at Rome, and within touch of the Fountain of Trevi. There are no fountains in rriBco that I am aware of, but you alwavs Tour breakfast—such a breakfast—at the Palace Hotel, Market-street, by quaffing a tumblerful of iced water, and devouring a couple of oranges, to put you in proper trim for the fried oysters, the torn cod, the tenderloin steaks, the scrambled eggs, the stuffed toma toes, the fishballs, the buckwheat cakes, ana the strawberries and cream which S.re. follow. Pio Nono once told Kaiser Wilhelm that all Christians belonged, somehow or another, to the Pope. The Imperial Hohenzollern was unable to recog nise the cogency of the assertion; still I am fatalist enough .to think that when a traveller has once drunk his glass of iced water and sucked his oranges in the breakfast-room of the ralace Hotel, he is unconsciously sub ohkgrtma to cross the Rockies f^A Ji. S'en?f, .Ne^adas agam and again; to do the block injKearney-street and be fas cinated by the beauty of the ladies engaged in afternoon shopping in that fashionable ! thoroughfare; to be amazed at the archi tectural magnificence of the Californian mil lionaires red-wood palaces on "Nob Hill-" and while admiring the celerity, efficiency, and cheapness of the cable-tram street oars, to do his best to avoid being run over by those swift and silent but somewhat perilous arks. [ lo be plain, San Francisco is one of the pleasantest cities in the whole world: and you expenence the liveliest sense of gratifica tion in "belonging" for the time to Mr. Sharon, the Manager of the Palace, and to , S George H. Smith, the courteous, inde fatigable, and ubiquitous chief clerk of that colossal establishment. There bad been fearful snows in the Eastern StateB.. Winter had put on its t^t!- guise in Cincinnati, and the streets ol Chicago bad been so many avenues of avalanches. Snow on the eummits of the Rockies and snowdrifts in the canons and gullies, and the English mail bound for Australia, via New York and 'Frisco, was two days late. Captain Ghest was staying at the.l alace; and at leaBt six times a day did we who had taken our passages for Sydney interrogate the countenance of that intrepid commander, as though it had been a baro meter, We were ashamed to ask him orally too often as to the day when he thought the royal mail steamer Australia would really start on her voyage to Sydney, for master mariners (have much to put up with, both on sea and land, from passen Sers; and I have known captains who had quick tempers, and who could give upon occasion short answers. How stinging was the rebuke administered by the late Commodore Judkins, of the Cunard service, to the lady passenger who, when the ship was off the Banks of Newfoundland, asked him u it were always foggy there. Do you think I live here, mum?" quoth stern Commodore Judkins. From Captain Ghest, who was quite a model of nautical politeness, we did not expect curt answers of the snub-direct order; but in courtesy we spared him the infliction of perpetual queries amounting to " When do you really think the Australia will sail, captain?" But twenty-four hours after twenty-four hours passed by, and the Australia made no sign of sailing. A rumour ran that the captain had been seen to shake his head in a very desponding manner about luncheon - time, and straightway was it bruited about that the mail-train had come to grief somewhere near Cheyenne. Then several snowsheds in the Sionas had, it wan vehemently asserted, been burned down, and then the confident statement got abroad that the mail was hopelessly snotved-up 20 miles west of Ogden. But towards dinner time it was noised far and wide—in the world of the Palace Hotel—that Captain Ghest had been seen to smile in a waggish manner, and to interchange jokes with Mr, George H, Smith in the clerk's office. Then hope revived, and valises, which in gloomy un certainly had been half unpacked, were joy fully repacked, and strapped, and corded. On Sunday we learned that the overdue mail wain from England was coming along bravely, and that the Australia would posi tively sail on the ensuing Mondayt at 2 p.m. 1 shall not readily forget my last night in San Francisco. I had "rested" there some nine days, if it conld be called resting to have dioea ont five times, lunched out seven times, and attended a wedding, two evening re ceptions and suppers, and three 5 o'clock teas. Bat this Sunday night was to be the last one ere I embarked, and I had a doable engagement to fulfil. I had an appointment with an officer of police at 9 p.m. to explore the penetralia of China Town, and at 11 I was to attend a "small-and-early" at the F-alace Hotel itself. Under ordinary circum stances I might not have felt any violent in clination to . revrnt China Town. John Chinaman s pictureaqueness is apt to become after a time monotonous, and then to-day to satiate, and at length to revolt. Take him at his beefcy aud with the most favourable | surroundings, the Celestial somehow leaves an unpleasant taste in your mouth. The .Roman epigrammatist who didn't like Zabidus, and the Oxford undergradute who didn't like Dr. Fell might be unanimous in the expression of their dislike for the Heathen Chinee, yet as incapable of giving a definite reason for their aversion. It was the Chinese New Year, and when we plunged into the congeries of narrow streets where the yellow men most do congregate we found Bthis strange excerpt fron the Flowery Land, this assemblage of ba-trays, chow-chow cabinets, chopsticks, pigtails, and shoes, {with paper soles |so oddly worked up on the Pacific coast, generally and jubilantly en fete. Li Hang Chung was having a " high old time" of it, Quang Choo Loo was entertaiaing all his wife's relations, and Go Bang Wum was *g>ving a banquet in honour of his ancestors under the Ming dynasty. The eaves and bulks of the stores were thickly hung with paper lanterns of divers colours, and on every side was audible the fizzing and burst ing of crackers. The police force usually on duty in the Chinese quarter had been largely augmented in view of the festi vities of the New Year (February 15), not through any apprehension of the Chinese falling out among themselves—for, as a rule, they are peaceable folk enough—but in order to guard against the contingency of the white " hoodlums" or roughs coming down in force from the American quarter of the city, and "going for" the Celestials. To stone, buffet, and kick John Chinaman, to haul him hither and thither by the pigtail, and roll him in the gutter, so as to smirch and spoil his nice, clean, New Year's clothes, are recreations dear to the hoodlum heart, fortunately, on this occasion the hoodlums did not muster very strongly ic China Town ; while, on the other hand, there was quite a large gathering of respectably dressed ladies and gentlemen mingled with the crowd of Orientals, and tranquilly amusing themselves by watching the bizarre panorama which was being unrolled. All the leading mer chants and storekeepers, were keeping oj>en house or open shop in honour of the New Year, and in every store which we entered the proprietor welcomed us with gravely punctilious politeness, pressing upon ub cakes, oranges, sweetmeats, together with cigars, champagne, and some lukewarm alcoholic preparation served in dainty little porcelain cups, and of which beverage the flavour closely resembled that "ailenl-. of very bad whisky—the well-known "silent spirit' or " cocked hat" blend which had been stirred up with a tallow candle and clarified with an ancient egg. But we should not look the gift horse in the mouth. It does not matter much where that villainously nasty alcoholic stimulant came from. I do not think either that the champagne was in any way affiliated to the vintages of Epernay, or that the cigars had had their birth in the island of Cuba, or even in Bremen or Hamburg. They were more probably " domestics," manufactured in California by the bands of Chinese artisans. Still the wine fizzed (and sparkled and was potable, and the cigars were smokable, and all was offered with graceful hospitality aud good faith. If all the Celestials in China Town re sembled the meichants and manufacturers there would be no need to recall the unreasoning ill-nature of the epigrams on Zabidus and Doctor Fell. Unfortunately, the mass of the inhabitants of the Chinese quarter are the nastiest of nasty creatures, we went to the largest of the two ,large theatres. The house was crammed almost to suffocation by a hilarious and strongly mal odorous audience. So densely indeed was the auditorium packed, and so very powerful was the perfume emitted by the audience, that the obliging manager insisted that we should witness the performance from the stage itself, where stools, cigarettes, and tea were brought for our accommodation and re freshment. It needed but to strew the stage with rusheB to imagine that the Elizabethan age of the drama had come again on the shore of the Pacific. What the play itself was about of course I could not tell, nor did it matter one cent what was its scope or purport. Possibly it was a portion of the self-same drama of which I had been a spectator when I was last in 'Frisco, in March, 1880, and which had been going on without a solution of continuity ever since. It was more inte resting to enter the dressing-rooms and watch the actors bedizening themBelveB and "making up" their faces. In the property room, too, I saw a large number of appal lingly hideous masks ; while in the wardrobe I was shown shelves piled with dresBes really extraordinary in the Bplendour of their fabric and ornamentation. The Chinese theatres of San Francisco, at which performances take place twice a day, Sundays not excepted, are, they tell me, always full. Surely Hi Quang, or How Long, or Yew Bit must be very prosperous managers indeed. From the theatre we went to a very grand entertain ment indeed, the cookery being exclusively Chinese, and the use of chopsticks in preference to knives and forks tie rigueur. We did not partake of the banquet, which was laid out in an infinity of little round saucers. What they contained— pickled eels' feet u. la daube, or salmi of frogs' giblets, bird's nest soup, dried ducks, bccne-de-mer, snipe, or snails, or puppy dogs, tails—I know not. The banqueting table was very prettily decorated with artificial flowers cut out or coloured papers ; and, as a preliminary to the feast, there was a vocal and instrumental concert, given by a body of Chinese maidens, ranging to all appearance between 11 and 17 years of age, and who were clad in loose casaqvins and wide trouserB of rich materials, sumptuously bro caded. None of them were " Golden Lilies" or small-footed. Their complexions were ivory white, their eyes almond-shaped and sable as Bloes, their hair very black and lustrous, and very well dressed. They wore a profusion of jewellery, and their eye brows and lips were manifestly painted, They would reallv have been pretty but for the sickly, dejected, down trodden, almost imbecile simper playing about tbeir ruddled lips—the simper of the slave continually deprecating the always im minent bamboo. They were, indeed, profes sional glee-maidens, the _ apprentices, and while tbeir apprenticeship lasts the mere slaves and chattels of their master—a fat, tall, Chinaman, with a face like an over-ripe vegetable marrow. The singing was the usual Chinese whine, rising now and again to n no aonbt delightful to a screech, an ululation i Oriental ears, but to the Occidental tympa; num distressingly dissonant. We left this scene of revelry to pay a visit toa Joss-house. The temple was situated up three pair of stairs, kept scrupulously clean and carefully oilclothed, but the stairs were ratherjincon veniently crowded by pilgrims to the Joss, and among this throng there seemed to be fnlly as many Americans as there were Chinamen. The Joss-house itself was an octagonal apartment, with a high altar covered witb painted mats, and behind it a kind of reredos of wood, elaborately carved, gilt in some places, and in others daubed witn gariBh hues. On the altar itself was a heterogeneous assemblage of lacquer trays, porcelain vases full of cut-paper flowers, bronze and ivory ornaments, table napkin< tied njJ with parti-coloured ribbons, pastry confectionery, dried fisb, nuts, oranges, and little saucers full of what appeared to be re spectively saffron and indigo. These last, together with a number of gaudy little paper purses which looked suspiciously like Christmas crackers, were, I apprehend, offerings to the Joss. That which struck me as passing strange in this temple was that there was not the slightest devotional ex pression on the countenance of .the crowd of Chinamen who passed before the attar. They gazed on the display with the usual listless simper, and retrained not from cracking languid jokes to each other in their own un intelligible Mongol. Perhaps it is not in accordance with Chinese etiquette to be religious in a Joss-bouse when Fanquis are present. Perhaps the really devout Chinaman reserves his genuflections and his prostrations for a time when he can be alone with his Joss. An inscrutable race. John Chinaman always reminds me of a cat, from Montaigne's point of view. You may laugh at Grimalkin, but don t bo too snre that no is not laughing at yon. John Chinaman, I fancy, knows a great deal more about you than you do about him_. when we left tne Joss-honse we began to sink lower and lower in the social scale, and contrived at last to get very low indeed.. Although 'twas New Year's Night and a high holiday, the Chinese pawnbrokers were doing a roaring trade. Why should Mine Uncle have been immersed in business at this festive season ? Simply for the reason that most of the Chinamen who were not at the play, or the Joss-house, or who were not smoking opium or dead-drunken with that drug, were gambling, and that as a China man when he is gambling will stake not only his money to the labt cent, but the worth of his wearing apparel and his minutest personal belongings, it follows that the pawnbroker is a very con venient accessory to the gaming-table. Is our avuncular kinsman wholly unknown in the luxurious haunts of Monte Carlo? When Madame la Princesse Katerichasoff has been losing heavily by backing zero, has she not been known over and over again, en pltin Iripol, to slip from her fair arms her dazzling diamond bracelets, to push from her rosy ear-lobes their gleaming pendants, and by the hands of a watchful servitor send the glittering gew-gaws to the pawnbroker's? J he world, after all, is not so big a village as we sometimes take it to be. Humanity in far distant landB does not vary half bo much as we think, or pretend to think, that it varies; and between this villainous pawn shop in the Chinese slum at 'Frisco and tbe_ elegant establishment of Mine Uncle in 'Frisco who shall say that there was not a close bond of union? Yes; there is reallv much brotherhood among mankind, although perhaps there is a much larger amount of raternity in vice than in virtue. As for the Celestial pawnshop at 'Frisco, the objects pledged were certainly more remarkable for their variety than for their intrinsic value. A few rusty revolvers—possibly " snabbled" or stolen from their origins! " Mellican" owners, for the Chinaman, as a rule, is not a shooting .human—shoes with paper soles, broad-brimmed hats, umbrellas, bundles of wearing apparel, fans, fryingpans, handbells, saddles and bridles, lanterns, clocks, a bamboo chair, and a musical box. And the pledging continued merrily late into the night season, for " fan-tan" was at its height, and ;ambling ceased not in itB fastness and its tury. From the pawnshop to an " opium joint"— a kind of soporific tavern, an opium- smokers' " pub," where for a paltry fee the slave to narcotic enjoyment is privileged to consume a certain quantity of the drug and to occupy a bunk or a portion of a bunk until he has slept off the effects of his debauch. It was an illicit "joint," of course, quite contrary to the law; but we saw many more illegal jectacles that night of flowery festivity, and le grosser the violation of the law, State or municipal, the greater was the alacrity of the lawbreakers to admit the officer of police. It was as though they were say ing "Take us as we really are; see us at our very worst; and then judge candidly for yourselves whether you white-ekinned lawmakers are morally very much better than we yellow-skinned lawbreakers are." In some of the vileBt of the dens which we visited on that night of feasting and revelry—cellars beneath cellars, tier beiow tier of infamy and squalor too dreadful, too shameful, and too sickening to describe—our coming was evidently expected. The officer of police was dreaded, and per haps hard, but he was a personage to be conciliated and propitiated. Thus every door of an exceptionally illegal haunt was in stantaneously opened in response to the slightest tap from our conductor's knuckles, and in some of the sub-subterraneans, in which the passages were unusually dark, noisome, and tortuous, and the constantlv re curring stairs, unusually ricketty and rotten, the kerosine lamp placed at intervals on the filthy floor would be supplemented by cleft sticks, holding an inch or two of candle, light ing which the experienced alguacil would pilot us through fresh caves, fresh dens of hideous odours and hideous doings. The faces that I saw that night—faces more abominable in their distortion and depravation, from the normal aspect [of humanity, faces which, in their grotesqueness and their horror, made pale and (sickly the wildest efforts of the graphic imagination of Jacques Callot and Breughel d'Enfer and the Spaniard Francisco Goya—haunt me now as I am writing in the sunshine and among the vivid greenery of a beautiful land. Ana they were the faces not only of men, but of women. The ghost of thatlastNew Year'sNightio China Town, San Francisco, I contrived, however, to lay in the Bed Sea; for, bidding adieu to our cautious and courteous cicerone, the officer of police, who would take neither fee nor reward for his pains, lI had to haBten back to the Palace Hotel and array myself in the war paint of civilization, that is to say evening dress, for I was to be a guest in one of the suites of rooms of the hotel itself, at a " small and early," organized on a scale com mensurate with the San Franciscan ideas of smallness and earliness; so that when I went, very late indeed, to bed my dreams were fortunately not of the Mongolian, but of the Caucasian race—they were dreams of bearded men and beautious ladies in radiant toilettes, of the glittering of diamonds and the curling fumes of Cabanas regalios im periales at 75 cents apiece—dreams of cham pagne which really came from Bpernay, and coBt five dollars a bottle, with perhaps some transient visions of a peculiar Calffornian punch, which, I am' informed, contains twelve ingredients, oomprising, its con coctors proudly boast, not one single drop of water. On the morrow one had, much gainst the grain, to bid farewell to 'Frisco. Jordan, we all believe, is a hard road to travel. So is it hard to get to El Dorado, but it is much harder, morally, to get away again, simply because the city iB so beautiful, the people so hospitable and so kind, and life in general so thoroughly enjoyable. There is, perhaps, a little too liberal employment of the revolver in the adjustment of political and journalistic difficulties; but it was not my luck to quar rel with anybody during my brief and happy stay among the Argonauts, and no descen dant of Admiral Jason offered to put the contents of a six-shooter into me. 