THE HOLY RITE OF CONFIRMATION. The brief remarks of the Bishop on this subject, in his opening address at the Church Assembly of September last, must be our apology, if apology be needed, for again asking the attention of our readers, and more particularly of the Clergy, to an Ordinance with which, we believe, the spiritual vitality and progress of the Church are intimately con nected. The Bishon says : — ' I reioice to know that the importance of the rite of Confirmation is being increasingly felt in this diocese.' The Bishop's ' rejoicing' is based, no doubt, on the fact that the total number of candidates for the year 1883 amounted to 1797, which shows an increase of 463 on 1882, of 650 on 1881, of 629 on 1880, and of 511 on 1879. The statistics of the diocese take .us back no further. We wiil suppose that a like increase has occurred during last year (1884), and that the total number of Confirmees for the year has amounted to, say, 2000\. In one sense, no doubt, this is satisfactory ; and if it be an indication that the Clergy as a body are gradually awaking to a more vigorous and systematic discharge of their responsibility in the matter, we may hope for a still higher rate of progress in the future. That there still is plenty of room for further advance is unquestionable. In a recent publication we notice that the Church of England .population in the Diocese of Melbourne is set down as 230,000. If English methods of computation are applicable to Victoria, 16*7 in every thousand of the population arrive at the customary age for Confirmation (fifteen) annually. Some say, however, that the rate is 18, and others 20 per 'thousand. We will take the lowest rate — 16-7. This gives us 3840 as the possible number of candidates in every year. Now, if this be so, we are brought face to face with the fact that nearly one-half of those who are of age to be confirmed jfail to present themselves. We would earnestly call upon the Clergy to look to it. vv e snan qb met, no uuuut, wiou one au^juiaui aw wjjauuivxnj made use of when unpleasant truths come to the front — that ' there is nothing more fallacious than figures.' Still, we venture to address ourselves to those who have 'under- standing of the times' and are not too well satisfied with the results of present efforts. There are, no doubt, diffi culties in the way of increased efforts— (I) from the scattered character of the population in many of the more thinly peopled districts; and (2) from the vast extent of some of the districts included in one Cure. These difficulties are, to a great extent, unknown in England. But making all due allowance for such difiiculties, we feel persuaded that many more candidates might be gathered in than has been the case hitherto if a truer conception of the necessity and value of the Ordinance itself obtained more widely in the Church at large. Our own experience has long since taught us that what we cannot but regard as defective views of the nature of Confirmation are those most commonly held. It is looked at almost exclusively from its human side. That it is a divine ordinance for the bestowal of the indwelling presence of the Holy Spirit on the baptised, is but feebly believed. It is urged upon the young as an edifying ceremony, wherein the candidate takes upon himself the vows of baptism in a solemn manner and relieves his sponsors from their responsi bility, or as a special time of choice, when the candidate, having arrived at the maturity of the reasoning powers, is to make a choice between a religious and a worldly life. That, as a preparation for Confirmation, the making of such a definite choice should be urged on candidates we heartily believe. It is our own practice. But, at the same time, we cannot understand on what authority, Scriptural or other wise, they should be told, as they sometimes are, that unless they feel that they can, there and then, once for all, give up all desire for certain amusements which some people classify ;as ' worldly,' they are unfib subjects. for the Ordinance. It may, of course, be replied that in the Church of England with the laying on of hands is now associated the renewal of the baptismal vows. Quite true. But if this be all thatCon firmation is, it is a ceremony, impressive and laudable in its way, but of purely human origin, and as such we need not be much surprised if it be lightly esteemed and largely neglected. It should be remembered that this renewal of the baptismal vows, edifying and advantageous though it be, is peculiar to the English Prayer-book, and is of late intro duction (1662) even there. In no other office-book of Christendom, so far as we know, has it any place, though we have read that in France there is a parallel custom of renew ing the vows in the evening after the laying on of hands. If Confirmation is to be rightly understood, and duly valued, we must fall back, we believe, on what God has re vealed to us on the subject in Holy Scripture. In the Acts of the Apostles we read of a certain gift of the Spirit im parted by the laying on of Apostolic hands ; and that this primitive rite is identical with that laying on of hands men tioned in Hebrews vi. as one of the ' foundations' of the Christian life, cannot, we think, be reasonably disputed. If we inquire from Scripture why baptised persons were ad mitted to this rite, we find it was ' that they might receive the Holy Ghost.' Nothing is said as to the renewal of the baptismal vow, and although such renewal may rightly pre cede, accompany, or follow Confirmation, yet it is not in any sense of the essence of it. Confirmation, we believe, is a divinely-appointed channel for the gift to the soul of the Holy Spirit of God. In Baptism He pours forth upon us His cleansing- and regenerating grace ; in Confirmation He imparts Himself, personally and substantially enshrining ? Himself in the temple of our body. [To such of our readers as may care to pursue this subject further, we would recom mend a careful study of Jackson's History of Confirmation (Parker), and of a very able paper by the Eev. F. W. Puller, entitled What is the Distinctive Grace of Confirmation ? (Rivingtons)]. Now, if this spiritual view of Confirmation which we have ventured to submit be the true view, and if it were generally held and taught by the Clergy, and so disseminated through the Church, we feel confident that from a truer conception of the spiritual value of the Ordinance a large accession of candidates would year by year result. If people were definitely taught why they should come to Confirmation, and what they may expect if they come in a right spirit, the question ' What is the good of it?' would, we believe, be heard less often that it is. The divine side should be made prominent, and the human side subordinated to it. The Scriptural authority and the Scriptural ' reason why' should be placed first ; the ecclesiastical arrangement that has been added to the primitive institu tion should be relegated to its proper place. One of the practical difficulties in securing the young as candidates is the fact that many parents, some of them Communicants, are themselves unconfirmed. Under such circumstances, and with the weak and low views of Confirmation generally pre valent, it is hard to make it clear to the understandings of children why they should submit to that which their elders have ignored. In the case of unconfirmed adults, again, how frequently do we find them viewing it as a Church ceremony, suitable enough to childhood, but unmeaning and unnecessary as regards themselves. Let our teaching come up to the standard of Holy Scripture on the subject, — ? if wfl n.dmifc that Holv Scrioture has anv teaching on it at all, — and both these difficulties, we can affirm from personal experience, will be materially lessened, and the number of Confirmees proportionately increased. To what we hold to be right teaching the Clergy, of course, must provide posi tive facilities for attendance on instruction. In town parishes classes must be held on such days and at such hours as are suited to the occupations of various sorts and condi tions of people, both young and old, and adult classes should be kept separate from those attended by boys and girls. In country districts classes should be held at several centres, in addition to that in which the pastor is himself resident. We know one country parish in which instruction has sometimes been given in as many as seven centres, and with the most satisfactory results. All this, no doubt, means the multiply ing of the pastor's labours ; but the end in view is surely ? worthy of the extra toil. At any rate, we believe that it is only by such means as we have indicated that the reproach of allowing nearly one-half of her young people to go forth .. unconfirmed to the business and temptations of life can ever * be wiped away from the Church in this diocese. It can only be wiped away by Faith and ZeaL S. P. G. The Free Church Presbytery of Aberdeen, Scotland, has requested its Committee on Religion and Morals to take steps to 'pat down' balls and dancing assemblies. One of the members of the Presbytery described dancing parties as 'promiscuous gatherings of people of both sexes for indulging ia springs and flings, artistic circles, and close-bosomed whirlings.' 