_ ? ^ ? CHRISTIANITY IN THE SECOND AND THIRD CENTURIES ; OR, EVIDENCES OF THE CHRISTIAN FAITH BE TWEEN 160—313 A.D. [By the Rev. Joseph Nicholson.] Pabt III. Christian Literatcre. We have now to consider the evidence for Christianity from the literature of the period under consideration, and the Christian institu tions that were established. We affirm that the Christian Scriptures existed at that time, i.e., from 1-SQ to 313 A.D., as the recognised Word of God, and standard of appeal for Christian life ; and if so, then they constitute important evidence in favor of Christianity. The proofs of the canonicity of the various books in the New Testament are so numerous as to need a whole lecture — indeed, a whole volume— to do them adequate justice. Hris only possible for ine to allude to a few significant facts that carry with them the con viction that the books of the New Testament exitted throughout the second and third centuries. THE CHRISTIAN SCRIPTURES QUOTED. The fact that there were no less than thirty , distinct uninspired writers, who quote the language of the New Testament, surely implies its existence. Justin Martyr, who suffered under Marcus Aurelius in 166 A.D, quotes no less than 400 passages; and speaking of the gospels he distinctly says, 'They are the genuine and authentic account of Jesus Christ and his doctrine.' Polycarp, who died in 103 A. D., quotes in a single letter of his, no less than thirty -six passages of Scripture ; Irenaeus quotes 767; Clement 380; Tertullian, who flourished about the year 200 A.D., makes more ttan 3,000 quotations ; while Origen refers to 5,745 passages. To such an extent have the Christian Fathers, up to the close of the third century, used the Scriptures to sustain their doc trinal teaching, that Lord Hailes, after a careful comparison , extending over three months, found the whole of the New Testament, with the exception of eleven verses, in their writings ; so that, if the Scriptures had been all destroyed in the persecution under Diocletian, they could have been reproduced, from the quotations of the Fathers, minus eleven verses. Then, the method and spirit, in which these quotations were made is quite as valuable as leir number. Though they do not always mention the book or the author's name, yet sometimes they do ; and their divine authority is often fairly claimed. Irenaeus affirms dis tinctly — ' The Scriptures are perfect, inasmuch as they were uttered by the word of God and His Spirit.' The same writer calls them 'The Scriptures of the Lord,' and says that ' the Gospel was committed to writing by the will of God, that it might be for time to come the foundation and pillar of our faith.' He also prefaces a quotation by saying — 'As the blessed Paul writes in his Epistle to Ephe sians, For we are members of His body, of His flesh, and of His bones.' ' Tertullian has a remarkable passage, which clearly points to the acknowledged authority of the sacred Scriptures, as though certified copies, if not the very autograph letters, of the apostles might be seen in the various churches to which they were addressed. He writes, about the year 200 A.D. — ' If you are willing to exercise your curiosity profitably in the busi ness of your salvation, visit the apostolic churches, in which the very chairs of the apostles preside in their places, in which their very authentic letters are recited, sounding forth the voice and representing the countenance of every one of them. Is Achaia near you ? You have Corinth. If you are not far from Mace- donia you have Phillipi and Thessalonica. If you can go to Asia you have Ephesus, but if you are near to Italy we have Rome.' The eame writer, to one of the Roman presidents, said — ' Look into the word of God, our Scrip tures, which we ourselves do not conceal, and many accidents bring in the way of those who are not of our religion.' Irenaeus wrote a book 'Against Heresies,' and his most powerful weapon was the ' Sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God.' Tertullian while engaged in similar works writes — ' If I shall not clear up this point by investigations of the old Scripture I will take the proof of our interpretation from the New Testament, for, behold, both in the gospels and the apostles I observe a visible and an invisible God.' This application of the term 'New Testament' indicates that in his day, the various inspired books were beginning to be spoken of in a collective form, and as distinct from the many spurious gospels that began to be circulated then. CANON OF SCRIPTURE. It is well known that the church manifested no undue haste, but very great caution in its acceptance of books as inspired. Twenty out of the twenty-seven books of the New Testa ment seem to have been received as genuine and authentic, promptly, ' and by universal consent. These nave been designated Homo logoumena, or the ' acknowledged books.' The remaining seven, viz., the Epistles of James, Jude, 2 Peter, 2 and 3 John, to the Hebrews and the Apocalypse, were re ceived in due course, but on evidence 'less complete' than the others. These are called Antilegomena or disputed books, or some prefer to designate them Deutero-canonical, signifying received, after a second revision. Their delayed reception into the canon, arose from certain peculiarities suggesting further examination. For example, the Epistle to the Hebrews was without author's name, and differed in style : from most of Paul's epistles ; the style of 2 Peter differed from that of the first.' James and Jude are described not as 'apostles,' but as 'servants' of Christ. John, in his 2nd and 3rd epistles, describes himself as a presbyter or elder, and not as an apostle. Jude alludes to stories that are recorded in apocryphal writings. For such, and similar reasons, these seven books were scrutinised frith special care, until their claims to be part of Scripture received the cordial and unani mous consent of the church. Various catalogues or lists of inspired books were prepared between the years 200 a.j-. and 400 a,d.. Fifteen of them, in whole or in part, have been preserved ; but the considera tion of their value in settling the canon of Scripture belongs properly to the fourth century, and will doubtless be dealt with in the subsequent lecture. It is right, however, thatlshouldobservethat Origen, who flourished about 200 A.D., gives a list of canonical books which include all thatwe receive with the excep tion of James and Jude; but, in other writings he acknowledges them, and so practically we have a recognition of the New Testament, \- as it now stands abont the year 200 a.d. The canonicity of the gospels was evidently settled at least fifty years before that. We have Justin Martyr quoting freely and almost in discriminately from the four gospels, which he calls 'Memoirs composed by the apostles, which are called gospels. In his ' dialogue ' with Trypho the Jew he calls them 'Me- fmoirs which I affirm to have been composed ? fey' apostles of Christ and their companions.' ' - TATIAN'S DIATESSERON. Wituin the last year or so, a very interesting P-fece of evidence has been obtained bearing on the gospels, in the discovery of Tatian's Diatesseron, or harmony of the gospels. Tatian was a pupil of Justin Martyr, and was credited by Eusebius with 'having put together in some strange fashion a combination, and collection of the gospels.' To this Eusebius adds — " He gave the name of Diatesseron, and the work is still partially current.' It has been a question with scholars for years past why Justin Martyr should quote inter changeably, now from one gospel, and now from another; and the answer usually given was that he quoted from a 'Harmony, but the sceptical author of 'Supernatural Religion' affirmed some time ago, that there was 'no authority for saying that Tatian's gospel was a harmony of four gospels at all.' Recent discovery has refuted this sceptic's notion, and supplied ample 'authority.' Some two years ago a com mentary by Ephrem, the Syrian father, was found on ttis very Diatesseron of Tatian, which clearly proves he 'used the' four gospels and no other." Dr. Harnack declares that 'in the Diatesseron the four gospels are so closely interwoven, so ingeniously spun together that nowhere, so to say, is any seam visible.' Now, does not this fairly suggest that Justin Martyr, the 'master' of Tatian — who speaks of him 'as that most admirable man' — had his pupil's harmony of the four gospels before him when he quoted so freely and inter- changeably from them. It follows from this, as Tatian was born in the year 130 a.d., and wrote a harmony of the four gospels, and com- piled it from no others, that these four gospels must have had a public and recog- lrised existence abont the year 150 a.d. i CLEMENTINE HOMILIES. The so-called Clementine homilies were pro- bably written about the latter half of the second century. They were supposed to be the substance of Peter's sermons taken down by Clement, alluded to in the Epistle to Phil- lippians, and Clement is appointed as Peter's successor. But Professor Schaff regards it as little better than a 'religious romance' based on certain historical traditions which have been added, in order to-reconcile existing dif ferences in Christianity. Certain Apostolic Constitutions and Canons have been regarded as belonging also to this period ; but their con tents are so plainly borrowed from the decisions of Councils, as late even as those of Nicea and Laodeceia, that they are now admitted to be of gradual growth, only reaching their final de velopments in the latter part of the fifth century. Passing reference may be made, here, also to the Forged Decretals, which were probably concocted in the ninth century for the jrarpose of establishing the claims of Rome to papal supremacy, seeing that for six hun dred years they were used as ' a bulwark to the papacy,' and quoted as though composed in the second instead of the ninth century. THE APOLOGISTS OF THE PERIOD. A review of the literature of this psriod would not have even semblance to com pleteness, unless allusion is made to the life and writings of apologists for Christianity, such as lrenasus, Origen, Tertullian, and Cyprian. The limits of the lecture will, how ever, only permit of a very brief outline. Irenseus was born about the year 130 a.d. in Asia Minor. He was a disciple of Polycarp, who in turn was a disciple of St. John. He loved to linger in memory on Polycarp's de scriptions of John's manner and discourses. 'What I heard from him,' he says, 'that I wrote, not on paper but in my heart, and by the grace of God I constantly bring it afresh to mind.' In later life lie became the Bishop of Lyons, and probably succeeded Pothinus, who was martyred under Marcus Aurelius. He visited Rome in connection with the Easter controversy, and was remarkable for his ability in reconciling disputants by his forceful, yet loving reasonings. His special literary work was to defend Christianity against Gnosticism, This, like modern rationalism, aimed at being a religion of knowledge rather than faith. It sought to explain all mysteries, and loved speculations on the origin of evil and man, and of the mingling of good and evil. The Gnostics wished to be wise above what is written, and so lost themselves in the dreamland of specu lative theology. Irenæus, in his book ' Aversus Hereses,' refuted Gnosticism by means of the Scriptures, as the embodiment of inspired truth on the one hand, and by the testimony of the Church as the living witness to that truth on the other. While some think he held extreme views concerning the nature and functions of the Church, it is undoubted that he did a good work ; and Gnosticism never fully recovered the stout and sturdy blows he dealt out to her as an enemy to the pure Christian faith. He is supposed to have died as a martyr under Septimius Severus. ALEXANDRIAN THEOLOGY. Before referring to Origen it is necessary to call to mind the existence and growth of a distinct school of theology at Alexandria, of which Origen became subsequently the pro- found and learned leader. Tradition affirms that St. Mark established in that city a school for catechists, which was presided over in turns by Pantenus and Clement of Alexandria. The former was a converted stoical philosopher, who fascinated Clemeut by his teachings and won him to the Christian faith. They were learned men and discoursed on theology, phi losophy, geometry, grammar, and rhetoric, but consecrated all their learning to the furtherance of Christianity. They did not regard the Neo- Platonic philosophy and Gnosticism as abso lutely erroneous, but as simply the manifesta tion of a sincere instinct after truth. They therefore endeavored to blend the profound natural truths of heathen philosophy with ' Christian revelation. Origen, later on, com- pared this effort to the jewels which the Israelites took from the Egyptians with which to adorn their sanctuary, though they also wrought them into 'a golden calf.' And con cerning Gnosticism it was their motto, 'No faith without knowledge ; no knowledge with out faith ;" or "Unless you believe you will not understand.' 'This Eastern school of theology, while loyally accepting the same doc trinal basis as the Western, nevertheless mani fested distinct characteristics. Ths Alexan drian theology was tinctured with the refined ethereal and idealistic Grecian spirit ; while the Carthagenian, or Western theology, took on the practical, realistic, and legal spirit of Rome. ORIGEN. Origen was born at Alexandria in 1S5 a.d., of Christian parents, and was baptised in childhood. His father, Leonidas, is said to have frequently gone to his son's chamber and kissed the breast of his sleeping son, with a devout prayer that that breast might be a temple of the Holy Ghost. As a child he knew the Scriptures, and was wise unto salva tion. When his father was condemned to die for the faith, his zeal would have led him to die with him, but his mother restrained him within his chamber, by removing his clothes. He then wrote nobly to his father saying, ' See that no thought of us induces you to alter your opinion.' At eighteen years of age he was appointed to the head of the Catechetical School at Alexandria, in which he labored with pre-eminent success. He was a hard student and lived a very ascetic life. Having sold his heathen books he secured an annuity of five pence halfpenny (5½d.) a day, by means of which he subsisted, as you may well imagine, on exceedingly plain fare. His asceticism led him -into extremes and exposed him to some measure of trial. For reputed heresy, and certain breaches of ecclesiastical law, he was tried and excommunicated, and though ordina tion had been denied him in Alexandria, he found two friendly presbyters or bishops who did not shrink from giving him that official status. No doubt Origen, in his desire to harmonise Christ and Plato, came peril ously near to heterodoxy; but, in the grand fundamental truths of Christianity he was fairly orthodox for that age; and ' was duly restored to favor in Alexandria. His writings were numerous and valuable; among which his Hexapla, or six-columned Polyglot Bible, must take a foremost place. He was the first to examine the manuscript Scriptures with the view to getting a correct text. His Hexapla, though only dealing with the Old Testament, cost him no less than twenty-eight years of unwearied labor. His commentaries on difficult Scriptures ; refuta tion of the attack of the heathen Celsus ; and books on the fundamental doctrines for beginners, with many others, prove him to have been an active and able apologist for the Christian faith. He died at Tyre in 253 A.D., as the result probably of cruel tortures previously endured. TERTULLIAN. Tertullian next demands notice. Of his life comparatively little is known. He was born at Carthage about 160 A.D. His father was a Roman centurion, who bestowed upon his son a liberal education. He was destined for the bar, and Eusebius calls him ' a man who is accurately acquainted with Roman law.' He had reached mature manhood, and had fully tasted the unsatisfying pleasures and profanities of heathenism before he was converted to the faith of Jesus. He was a man of great force of character, and so became a very whole-hearted Christian. He was intensely earnest and practical in his spirit, and consequently fitly represented the Western or Carthagenian School of Theology, as distinguished from the Eastern or Alexandrian. Somewhat lite in life he became a Montanist, which was a sect of Christians just then attracting attention by its religious revivalism and antipathy to the cold ecclesiastical formalism that was creeping in. Of this sect, Islay Burns says— 'It was orthodox in faith, enthusiastic in feeling, rigoristic in discipline, and ascetic in life.' These were therefore just the elements to win the sympathies of such a man as Tertullian. Professor Schaff graphically describes his lite rary style as ' Extremely condensed, abrupt, laconic, sententious, nervous, figurative, full of hyperbole, sudden turns, technicalities, African provincialisms, or rather antiquated Latinism', Latinised Greek words, and new expressions ; therefore abounding also in roughnesses and obscurities; sometimes like a grand. volcanic eruption, belching precious stones and dross in strange confusion, or like the foaming torrent tumbling over the precipice of rocks and sweep- ing all before it." His writings are contained in some thirty volumes, and represent apologies against heathens and Jews: refutations of gnosticism and other heresies ; together with works on practical Christian living. He is supposed to have died in decrepit old age at Carthage, about the year 230 a.d. 