HANLAN, In the afternoon our representative waited on ffflTiiiiTij whom he had on opportunity of seeing on the water in his sew boat. _ _ , i In the evening he dined with Hanlan and Layoook, when the ex-champion delivered himself as f bitows : ' I have just received one oiiho two boats I ordered from Buddiok in America. She is a beautiful epeoimeri, 31ft 0» in length, 5ft Jin broad amidships. 10ft list wido ucrosi from either outrijmcr, 3ft Oin fieep forward, *nd 2ft «in rtt. «nd weighs 28lb'till complete. She is a light boat, but I have rowed in a Canadian-bunt boat not weighing more than 2*Hb, MxaVhleh was quite sfff .ot.that veteht I have boon a great deal bothered about my bout* during the last two or ihroir daya. Xho two Bttddlot tooatB I ordorod ate ¥«ry hLU in arriving. They wolKrthlwFpiuw^^wmetoo, ivlthouitH one of, them was completes folly* inonfcn Nkretbooflier, IxM^pJi^itofpo^oneToot of stowed awayamoiigst the cargo. I tried the new Euddick this afternoon, and find that she wil} require some slight alteration in the ? outriggers and seat, which works on rollers and not on slides. I have not yet made my mind up as to which boat I nrin.11 tow in on Saturday ; but, if I have to choose from amongst my Australian-bnilt boats, I shall row in the one built for me by Dodd.' HIS TBAIKINGr. ' I have been most carefully training for this raoe, and- I think I am in better condition than .1 was when I last rowed Beach. I have been better trained, and my good condition is due to Mr. Laycock, whom I consider to be one of the very best of trainers. My theory of training does not altogether coincide with that of most other people. I do not agree with the starvation notion. I believe in a good and plain, but generous diet. What a sculler dats is not of such -consequence as what he does. If he does not take care of himself dieting will do him no good. A generous diet will do Trim no harm. Of course, care, both as'regards his exercise and eatables, is the best ; but, unless he takes care of himself, dieting will do but little for him. During the past nine years I have taken great care of myself, and I do not think there is another man in the world who has done more training than I have. This is a sufficient answer to tho&e; who say that I do not take sufficient care of myself. I feel in tip top condition now. I could not be better. This morning I did a good trial over the whole course, and ibis afternoon I was out in my new Bnddick for 20 minutes, but I did n'bt exert myself.' HIS CHANCES. ' With regard to my chances on Saturday. I really do not know what to think of the'~matter. I do not; like to say that I can win until I hav.e_ won. I do not' believe in competitors expressing their positive con fidence in themselves before the event comes off. I know what I can do, but I don't know what Beach can do. He, like most Australian scullers, is difficult to get at, and I have no idea how fast he is. I am as ignorant of his pace as the veriest amateur. I shall go out and row a great race, and if I feel as well on Saturday as I feel to-day5 1 shall row a good race ; t and if he beats me I do not think he will beat me by more than half a minute. I cannot say that I do ieel confident of winning the race on Satur day, because, to tell you the truth, I don't know exactly what I shall have to do, both as regards Beach himself and the tide.' HIS WEIGHT. ' I am now a little below lOst 121b ; but that will be about my weight when I go to the starting post on Saturday.' TIME AND TIDE. ' As to the tide on the Parramatta, I have not been able to form any definite opinion ; indeed, I am a great deal puzzled in this ' matter. I have rowed the course experimentally on several occasions at different times, and sometimes I have rowed so fast as to enable me to run rings round Beach even. But I have found that the tide differs every few minutes, and the people with whom I have spoken on the matter nearly all differ in their opinions, although they are supposed to be well acquainted with the river. So far as I can judge, we shall have to row against a two-hours' tide, which, in my opinion, will be in Beach's favor. I am sick and tired of arguing with aquatic men about the rise and fall of the Parramatta. I have watched it until I thought it to be dead water, and then rowed it, and afterward consnlted men who profess to know all about it, and found that their opinions were altogether contrary to \ mine. It is this which has overthrown all my calculations, and prevented me from forming any real opinion as to the Parramatta as a championship sculling course.' HIS OPINION OF BEACH. ' I think Beach is a stronger man now than when I met him before, and he has since then made mar vellous improvements in sculling. He sits better in his boat, and handles her better ; and I consider that he has gained a minute over the course. In spite of this he is somewhat timid. He is a man who will make a match without ever think ing of allowing his opponent a ghost of a chance. Thus he had not pluck enough to make a match to row me in dead water, but insisted on Tna.rring one to row against the tide, in order to make 'bullock' work of it, where I being the lighter man must have the worst of it. Of course, the champion, the great luminary of the sculling world, has it in his power to make the lesser lights come to him, and as I am one of the lesser lights, I suppose I must give in on this matter. But I cannot understand why people should bet even money on myself against a man of Beach's physique, who is so 'much stronger than I am, and consequently will have the wind and tide in his favor. Neverthe less, as I have said, I shall do my best to make a great race of it from start to finish ; and if he beats me it will not be by much. I had no objection to Mr. Garvan as umpire, because I consider him to be a perfect gentleman and competent in every way.' Laycock takes a most rosy view of Hanlan's chances. 