traveller. Three Weeks in Southland, ftZ. • . BY FBANK MOMIER. (Continued.) From Kingston to Queenstownihe scenery is comparatively tame for Lake Wakatip; although, if the tourist were to limit his excursion to Queenstown, he would probably hie under the impression that the gorges and mountains that he passed in review as the littlp Mountaineer steamed on its way were tolerable specimens of nature under difficulties. Every quarter of a. mile or so a minia- : tuxe cascade would come tumbling down from the, mountains, and some of them never reached the Lake at all but were frozen in " their course, and remained hanging like a silver thread partly lost amid the dense growth of .cabbage palms, ferns, and -scrub, which clothed the western slope of the mountains from the water's edge. Although Tennyson, so far as I know, never jvisited Lake Wakatip,;he has described the appearance of those tiny rivulets to perfection in the. Lotos Eaters— '..Like a (diver thread the slender stream t' ypfall, and pause, and fall again did seem." bout half-way between Kingston and Queensown the river Lochy comes tumbling down ttov m gloomy gorge, guarded by two snow-capped ountains, which stand like sentinels watchng the river as it rushes over its shingly bed o mingle its waters with the mighty Wakatip. his is called Half-way Bay—a very prosaic t ame for the first romantic spot which greets p he traveller on his way to the mere goreous scenery at the head of the lake. " In the meantime the little Mountaineer is teaming along past the snow-capped mounains which appear to close in behind her, nd "in^frorit present-larf impenetrable wall, here " Hills peep o'er hills, and Alps on Alps arisel" ntil the very grandeur of the scene becomes onotonous, and I descend into the little abin, where I .find my commercial friend onnd asleep over a yellow back novel, on the crimsoncushions of the cosy little saloon. I also endeavor to become interested in' a rench novel which I had picked up promiscuously in a Sydney book-stall; and if the novel was not quite to enthralling as the title of "JLft Femme de Cire " would lead one to expect, it was certainly Anusing to read a Frenchman's opinions of the " laiies and gentleman New-Tork0.it," which were perhaps more original than correct. According to this veracious Frenchman the average "gentleman New-Torkait" marries one week and is divorced the next. His life is a choice mixture of true religion and brandy cock-tails, tempered " avec le re volver." The hero of this choice specimen of Gaelic literature is one James Gobson, whoin the opening chapter playfully knocks one of his wife's teeth out, and artistioally cuts off her left ear. He then disappears into the Bocky mountains, from whence he despatches band of Bed Indians, who capture his wife from the centre of a circle of admiring friends who, at her invitation, are enjoying the delights of "tot bal masquSf" The body of a woman is subsequently found floating in the river, and is identified as Miss IdaBickatd (otherwise Mrs. XJobson). By the way, Mrs. Gobson is always called Miss Ida, which is an additional proef of the author's familiarity with American manners and customs. James Gobson is suspeeted of being the murderer of his wife, whose supposed body has been identified; and.he is aboat to be arrested when he coolly walks into the dctective office with a cigar in his mouth. In spite of his assertions that Ida Bickard is still alive, he is about to be hanged, to the great satisfaction of a Yankee mob, who are yelling for his blood, when Ida Bickard herself turns up. The living Ida Bickard and the dead Ida Bickard are as much alike as Caesar and Pompey; And the new-comer is also minus a tooth and an ear in a precisely similar manner to the corpse. The supposed murderer, James Gobson, is now released amid the en thusiastie acclamation of the mob which, only five minutes before, was howling for his blood. Then the divorced Mr. and Mrs. Gobson are re-married, and the presumption is that the playful Gobson will now proceed to cut off his . wife's other ear and knock out another tooth or so, in the accustomed man ner of the " gentlemen New-Torkais." But a preternaturallyacute detective, William Dow, still persists in believing that James Gobson has killed his wife ; so he has a cast of the dead Ida Bickard taken in wax; and this " Femme de Cire" plays a very important part in unravelling the mysteries of the rather ghastly story. It appears that James Gobson, who .must have been a veiy nice .man for a small tea-party, had killed his wife, and married his deceased wife's sister. Then he had cutoff his deceased wife's sister's ear, and knocked out one of his deceased wife's sister's teeth in order to make the resemblance of the twin sisters more exact, Then he re-marries his deceased wife's sister, pretending that she & his deceased wife whom. he thus practically demonstrates not to; be deceased at all. In the long ran, of course, James Gobson is hanged; but it would have been much better if he had been hanged inthe fiygt chapter, both for the writer and reader olthisremarkable novel But while', my friend the commercial is snoring on one side of the little.' saloon, and am trying to become interested in this goiy tragedy on the other, the Mountaineer speeding on h$r way to Queenstown, and from the little windows of the saloon I can see that we are still passing gloomy gorges and snow-capped mountains, which appear to be getting wilder arid more rugged the farther we proceed. We reach Queenstown aboat 4 o'clock, and a most charming little hamlet it looks with the little white houses, putting one in mind of a township of Liliput, on the shores of a. perfect little miniature bay backed by mountains of brobdingnagian proportions. As our steamer slowly made for the little jetty we had time to take a good view of the little town and its surroundings before getting too close to lose the effect of the scene as whole. To our right, as we steamed in, was a sort of little peninsula, planted with blue gums— a tree which seems to flourish better in New Zealand than in .Australia; and, indeed, question whether the Tasmanian blue gum is not quite as much :at home in New Zealand as in its native island. As we stand on the deck of the steamer and look over the little pieninsula which helps to form the little bay, our view is stopped by a rugged mountain 'mass which shoots straight up from the water, and looks like a gigantic oross-cut saw with teeth 6,000 feet high, pointing skyward, and over which some playful Titans had scattered flour in sport. These are " the Bemarkajjle Mountains;" but why they should be more remarkable than the ten thousand other mountains which are visible at the same time, it is hard to say. They are eertainly rugged and steep, and razor backed; with angry looking black teeth jutting out of the pure white snow which vainly tries to cling to the smooth, shining surface, springing up almost perpendicularly until lost in the clouds and mists. They are old and haggard looking; scarred and seamed, and torn with the storms and tempests, and frosts of ten million years or more; but they are no more remarkable than any one, or any ten thousand other mountains which crowd and jostle each other for standing room around Lake Wakatip. By this time we are at the Queenstown wharf, and a large proportion of the inhabitants of Queenstown, in the shape of two men and a boy, are thereto witness our disembarkation. TTalf of the entire passenger list of the Mountaineer, from Kingston to Queenstown, leave the steamer at the latter port, when my friend the Commercial steps on shore. He is bound for the Arrow, a mining township about fifteen miles further on, and the centre of a considerable diggings, about which the name of the Shotoverrecalls familiar recollections. But before he. goes we adjourn to Eichardt's hotel, where we drink our first whisky since leaving the Elbow. The hospitable and motherly landlady welcomes my travelling companion as old acquaintance; and a3 I have only a limited time at my command, she advises me to go on by the boat to the head of the Lake, and return to Queenstown by the Sarah-Jane, another, of the Wakatip steamboats. At 5 o'clock, thefi,' the third whist!3 of the Mountaineer (which, by the way, sounds more like a fog-horn) breaks the Bilence, and reverberates from the hills, and advises all passengers to embark. It was nearly dark when we backed away from the Queenstown wharf. The mists were gathering thick upon the mountains; and these snow-draped giants looked like so many ghosts brooding over some black tarn in a gigantic spirit land. Now we are swallowed up in the darkness, and the last lights of Queenstown have disappeared. With nothing visible but the inky black water, of which one is only conscious by the perception of an added blackness, and an occasional glimpse of a ghostly something on our liglit, which, disappearing sternward, we presume to be the rocky shore of the lake within reach, almost, of an outstretched hand; while high above our head, and apparently overarching the lake, and reaching out to meet each other in the gloom, are huge asses of darkness visible; these we instincively accept as the mountains everlastingly, owering to the sky, and now only visible beause more blackly invisible than the murky ault above them. In snch a scene as this it must have been hat Edgar Allen Poe conceived his mystical oem, Ulalume:— The skies they were ashen and sober; The leaves they were crisped and sere— The leaves they were withering and sere; It was night in the lonesome October Of my most immemorial year. It was hard by the dim lake of Auber, In the misty mid region of Weir— It was down by the dark tam of Auber, In the ghoul-haunted woodland of Weir." In such a scene as this the poet wandered " through an alley Titanic of cypress " with Psyche his soul. But it requires the soul of a poet to extract the hidden beauties of such a scene as this. Hidden they are indeed; for there is absolutely nothing but darkness visible, unless what may be visible " to the mind's eye, Horatio." But here comes the captain, who, up to this point, has been upon the bridge, and we get into conversation about things in general and Lake Navigation in particular. The ship's certificate, hanging at the head of the companion-way, gives us the following information about our captain and his vessel:— Name of the steamer: Mountaineer. Port of registry: Dunedin. Name of master: Edward Thomas Wing. Registered tonnage: 66. And 1 may as well acknowledge at once that I was very muoh exercised in my mind as to the reason why snoh a good seaman who, like Captain Corcoran, has "sailed the ocean blue;" and who, moreover, is a genial, worthy gentleman, should be content to navigate Lake Wakatip in a toy steamer. But Captain Thomas Wing knows what he is about, and doubtless he has good and potent reasons for sticking to a post which is certainly less profitable than others that he might easily aspire to. It is not to be supposed that navigating Lake Wakatip is less difficult than intercolonial navigation. Under certain conditions, I should think it would be much more haaardous. Here we are now steaming along full speed in pitchy darkness without a solitary light or land mark visible. On our right is a rocky wall plunging down into unfathomable depths We cannot see the rocky shore, but we know, or at least suppose, it is within say four hundred yards of our starboard bow. On our left is another rocky wall, springing from equally unfathomable depths. These two rocky^ walls are constantly altering their position in ac eordance with the serpentine twists of the lake—or rather the lake alters to suit their contortions. Bight. in front of us, and stretching a cross the lake from wall to wall— we cannot say from shore to shore, as there is practically no shore—are a series of rocky islands, through which, in the blackness of darkness, the captain, by some sort of blood instinct or inspiration, has to thread his way, - Ocean navigation is mere child's play to this. Here, ten minutes' steaming in wrong direction, or past a certain point (which point in the darkness can only be guessed at), and the vessel is hurled upon a wall of roek; and if she were the Great Eastern herself she would be swallowed up and leave not a ripple on the surface in less than five minutes. There, out in the high seas, if the captain is dubious of his position, he can turn his vessel's head towards the South Pole, or wherever he likes into illimi tible waters, and steam away with safety until daylight. [To be continued.) 