MURDES WILL OUT, CHAPTER XIII. THB PEI0OUBE IS .-REMANDED. Ma. Dunbau woo brought before Sir Arden Westhorpe, at ten o'clock, on the morning after his arrest. The witnesses who had given evi dence at the inqneot were again summoned, and —with the exception of the verger, and Mr, Danbar, who was now a prisoner — gave the oame evidence, or evidence to the same effect. Arthur Lovell watched the proceedings in the interest of Laura's father, end cross-examined coxae of the witnesses. Bat very little new evidence was elicited. The empty pocket-book, which had been found a few pace9 from the body, was produced. The rope by which the murdered man had been strangled waa produced and examined. It wag a common rope, rather slender, and aborat a yard and a half in length. It was made into a running noode that had been drawn tightly round the neck of the victim. Had the victim been a strong man he might perhaps have resisted the attack, and might have prevented hia assailant tightening the fatal knot ; but tho ourgoon boro witness that the dead man, though tall and stalwart- looking, had not been citrong. It vao a strange xnm'der, a bloodless murder ; o deed that muot have been done by a man of unfaltering resolution and iron nerve : for it must have been tho work of a moment, in which the victim's first cry of surprise was stifled ere it wdq half uttered. Tho chief witness upon this dayi was the verger ; and it t7as in consequence of certain re marks dropped by him that Henry Danbar had Ibeon arrested. Upon tho afternoon o£ the inquest this official had found himself a person of considerable im portance. Hewas surrounded by eager gosuips, greedy to hear anything ho might have to tell apon the subject of the murder ; and amongst those who listened to his talk was one of the conctabloo — a sharp, clear-headed fellow — who was on tho watch for any hint that might point to the secret of Joseph Wilmot's death. The verger, in describing the events of the previous afternoon, opoke of that one fact which he had omitted to refer to before tho coroner, He spoke of the sudden faiatness which had como over Mr. Duubar. 'Poor gentleman ! ' he said, 'I don't think I ovor see tho like of anything as come over him CO nuddun. He walked along the aisle with his bead up, d^bing and milingtary-hko ; but, allm 0 ESiQufeqj fee pooled &3 if ho'd beon d$3-! dsuak, and he would have fell if there hadn't been a bonch handy. Down he dropped upon that bench like a stone ; and when I turned round to look at him the drops of perspiration was rollin' down his forehead like beads. I never see such a face in my life, as ghastly-like as if he'd seen a ghost. But he was laughin' and smilin' the next minute ; and it waa only the heat of the weather, he says.1 ' It's odd aa a gentleman tbat'r- just come home from India should complain of the heat on such a day as yoaterday, said one of the bystanders. This was the substance of tho evidence that the verger gave before Sir Arden Westhorpe. This, with the evidence of a boy who had met the deceased and Henry Dunbas.1 close to tho spot where the body was found, was the only evidence against the rich man. To the mind of Sir Arden Westhorpe the agitation displayed by Henry D unbar in the cathedral was a very strong point ; yet, what more possible than that the Anglo-Indian should have been seized with a momentary giddiness ? He was not a young man ; and though his broad chest, square shoulders, and long, muscular arms betokened strength, that natural vigour might havo been impaired by the effects of a warm climate. There were new witnesses upon this day, people who testified to having been in the neighbourhood of the grove, and in the grove itself, upon that fatal afternoon and evening. Other, labourers besides the two Irishmen, had passed beneath thft shadow of the trees in the moonlight. Idle pedestrians had strolled through the grove in the still twilight ; not one of these had seen Joseph Wilmot, nor had there been hoard any cry of anguish, or wild shrieks of terror. One man deposed to having met a rough looking fellow, half-gipsy, half-hawker, in tha grove between seven and eight o'clock. Arthur Lovell questioned this person as to the appearance and manner of the msn he had met. But the witnoss declared fchero was nothing peculiar in tho man's manner. He hat! not seemod confused, or escitod, or hurried, or mgmenea. jae was a coarse-reai/ur(3a} uun burnf, ruffianly-looking fellow ; and that was all. Mr. Balderby was examined, and swore to the splendid position which Henry Dnobar occupied as ehiof of the house in St. Gundolph Lane ; and then the examination was adjourned, and the prisoner remanded, although Arthur Lovell contended thnt there was no evidence to justify his detention. Mr. Danbar still protested against any offer of bail ; he again declared that he would rather remain in prison than accept his liberty on sufferance, and go out into the world a suspected man. ? I will never leave Winchester Gaol,' he said, ' until I leave it with my character cleared in the eyes of every living creature.' He had been treated with the greatest respect by the prison officials, and had been provided with comfortable ap&rtmenta.; Arthur Lovell and Mr. Balderby were admitted to him when ever he chose to receive thorn. IV/Tfianwhilfl pviwv Tzninn ims 'Winnliflfif'.ftv wan loud in indignation against thooe who had caused the detention of the milioncure. Ho waa an English gentleman, a man whose wealth wan something fabulous, newly retaruod from India, eager to embrace his only child ; and before he had dono more than sot hio foot upon hio native soil, ho was seized upon by obatinato and pig-headed officials, and thrown into a priaon. Arthur Lovell worked nobly in the service of Laura's father. He did not particularly like the man, though ho wished to like him ; but he believed him to be innocent of the dreadful crime imputed to him, and he was determined to make that innocence clear to the eyes o£ other people. For this purpose he urged on the police upon the track of the strange man, the rough-looking hawker, who had been seen in the grove on the day of the murder. He himself left Winchester upon another errand. Ho went away with the determination of discoverina the sick man, Sampson Wilnaot. The old clerk's evidence might be most impor tant in such a case as this ; aa he would, perhaps be able to throw much light upon tho antece dents and associations of the dead man. The young lawyer travelled along the line, stopping at every station. At Basinftstoke he waa informed that an old ibqiIj travelling with his brother, had been taken ill ; and that he had since died. An inquest had been held upon his remains some days before, and he had been buried by the parish. It was upon the 21st of August that Arthur Lovell visited Basingstoke. The people at the inn told him that tho old man died at two o'clock upon the morning of the 17th, only a few hours after his brother's desertion of him. He had never spoken after the final stroke of paralysis. There was nothing to be learned hero, there fore. Death had closed the lips of this witness. But even if Sampson Wilmot had lived to speak, what could he have told P The dead , man's antecedents could have thrown little light upon the way in which he met his death. It was a common murder, after all ; a murder that had been done for the sake of the victim's little property ; a silver watch, perhaps ; a few sovereigns ; a coat, waistcoat, and shirt. The only evidence that tended in the least to implicate Henry Dunbar was the fact that he had been the last person seen in company with the dead man, and the discrepancy between his assertion and that of the verger respecting the time during which he had been absent from the cathedral yard. Wo magistrate in his senses would commit the Anglo-Indian for trial upon such evidence as this. CHAPTEE XIV. mabgauet's journey. While these things were tainng place afc Winchester, Margavet waited for the coming of her father. She waited until her heart grew sick, but still she did not despair of his return. He had promised to come back to her by ten o'clock upon the evening of the l(!th ; but he was nofc a man who always kept his promises. He had often left her in the same manner, and had stayed away for days and weeks together. There was nothing extraordinary, therefore, in his absence ; and if the girl's heart grew sick, it waa not with the tear that her father would not return to her ; but with the thought of what dishonest work lie might be engaged in during his absence. She knew now that he had led a dishonest life. His own lips had told he-.* the cruel truth. She would no longer be able to defend him when people spoke against him. Henceforth she must only plead for lam. The poor girl had been proud of her father, reprobate though he was ; ahe had been proud of his gentlemanly bearing, his cleverness, his oir of superiority over other men of his station ; and the thought of his acknowledged guilt stung her to the heart, She pitied him, and she tried to make excuses for him in her own mind ; and ? with, every thought of the penniless reprobata there was intormingled the memory of the wrong that had been done him by Henry Dunbar. ' If my father has bean guilty, that man is answerable for his guilt,' she thought per petually. Meanwhile f?he waited, Heaven only knows how anxiously, for her father's coming. A week passed, and another week began, and still he did not come ; but she was not alarmed for his per sonal safety, sho Trasonly anxious about him ; and she expected his return every day, every hour. But he did not come. And all this time, with her mind racked with anxious thoughts, the girl went about tho weary dutieg of her daily life. Her thoughts might wander away into vagus speculations about her father's absence while she sat by her pupil's side ; but her eyes never wandered from the fingers it was her duty to watch. Hov life had been a hard one, and she waa better able to hide her sorrows and anxieties that any one to whom such a burden had been a novelty. So, vory few people suspected that thece was any thing anriaa with the grave youog music mis tress. One person did see the vague change in hsr manner.; bui that person was Clement Austin; who had already grown skilled in read ing the varying expresrious or her face, and who shay now that she was changed. She listened to him when he talked to her of the books or the music she loved ; but her face never lighted up now with a bright look of pleasure ; a.nd ho heard her sigh now and then as she gave hov loyaou. Ho askod her onco if there was anything in which his services, or hia mother's, could bo of any assistance to her ; but she thanked him for the kindness of his oiler, and told him, ' No, thore was nothing in which he could help her.' ' But I am sure there is something on your mind. Pray do not think me intrusive or im- *j pertinent for saying so ; but I am sure of it.' '$? Margaret only shook her head. ^ ' I am mistaken, then ?' said Clement, in- . i terrogatively. :I 'You aie indeed. I have no special trouble. ffi I am only a little uneasy about my father, who *| has been away from home for the last week or ,'] two. Bat there is nothing strange in that; he 4 is often away. Only I am apt to be foolishly jJ anxious about him. He will scold mo when he '4 comes home and hears that I have been so.' $ Upon the evening of the 27th August, Jj Margaret gave her accustomed lesson,''; and 3 lingered a little as usual after the lesson, talking ?«? to Mrs. Austin, who had taken a wonderful J fancy to her granddaughter's music-mistress ; J and to Clement, who somehow or other had dis- I continued his summer evening walks of late, 1 more especially on those occasions on which his J niece took her music-leason. They talked of all 4 manner of things, and it was scarcely strange lA that amongst other topics they should come by- '^ and-by to the Winchester murder. : $ ' By tho bye, Miss Wentworth,' exclaimed 1 Mrs. Austin, breaking in upon Clement's dis- -4 qnisition on his favourite Ca?lyle's ' Hero- °\ Worship,' £I suppose you've heard about this | dreadful murder that in making such a sensa- -j tion P' *, ' A dreadful murder— no, Mrs. Austin ; I \ rarely hear anything of that kind ; for tho per- d son with whom I lodge is old and deaf. She J troubles herself very little about what is going m on in -fclie world, and I never read the news- '$f papers myself.-' {s ' Indeed,' said Mrs. Austin ; ' well ray dear, *S you really surprise me. I thought this dread- J fnl business had mado such a sensation, on ac- Jj count of the great Mr. Dunbar being mixed up j in it.' j| ' Mr. Dunbar !' cried Margaret, looking at % the speaker with dilated eyes. rij ' Yes, my dear, Mr. Dunbar the rich banker. | I have beon very much interested in the matter, | bocauce_my son is employed in Mr. Dunbar's % bank. It ceems that an old servant, a confi- ?.% dential valet of Mr.] Dunbar's, has been mur- ;| dared at Winchester ; and at first Mr. Dun- J bar himself wa3 rjuspected of the crime,— | though, of course, that waa utterly ridiculous ; \ for what motivo could he possibly havo had for \ murdering hia old servant ? However, ho has | been suspected, and some stupid country magis- % \ trate actually had him arrested. There wa3 an * examination about a week aero, which was ad- i journed until to-day. We shan't know the re sult of it till to-morrow.' Margaret sat listening to these words with a face that was as white as the face of the dead. Clement Austin saw the sudden change that had come over her countenunce. ' Mother,' he said ; ' you should not talk of these things before Miss Wentworth ; you have made her look quite ill. Remember she may not be so strong-minded as you are.' 'No, no!' gasped Margaret, in a choking voice. I — I— wish to hear of this. Tell me Mra. Austin, what was the name of the mur dered man ?' ' Joseph Wilmot.' ' Joseph Wilmot !' repeated Margaret, slowly. She had always known her father by the name of James Wentworth ; but what more likely than that Wiimot wa3 his real name ?' She had good reason to suspect that Wentworth was a false one. Til lend you a newspaper,' Mrs. Austin said good-naturedly, s if you really jrant to learn the particulars of this murde?.' ' I do, it you please.' Mrs Auatin took n, weekly paper from amongst some others that were scattered upon a side tnble. She folded up this paper and handed it to Margaret. 'Give Misa Wentworth a glass of wine, mother,' exclaimed Clement Austin ; I'm sure all thin talk, about tho murder has upsefi her.' ' No, no, indeed !' Margaret answered, * I would rather not fake anything. I want to get horns quickly. Good evening, Mrs. Austin.' She tried to say something more, but her voice failed her. She had been in the habit of. shaking hr.n/is with Mrs. Austin, and Clement when nhft left them ; r.nd the cashier had alivay.'i accompanied her to tho gate, and had sometimes lingered with hor thero in the dusk, prolonging :iomo conversation that had been begun in tho drawing-room ; but to-night she hurried from tho room beforo tho widow could remonstrate with her. Clemonfc follovred her into tho hall, \- 'Miss Wentworth,' he said, 'I know that something has agitated you. Pray return to the drawing-room, and stop with us until you are more composed.' ? No— no— no !' ' Let me see you home, then ?' 'Oh! no! no!' she cried, as the young man barred her passage to the door ; ' for pity's sake ?don't detain rae, Mr. Austin; don't detain me, or follow me !' She passed by him, and hurried out of the house. He followed her to the gate, and watched her disappear in the twilight ; and then went back to the drawing-room, sighing heavily as he went. 'I have no right to follow her against her own wish,' he said to himself. ' She has given me no right to interfere with her ; or to think of her, for the matter of that.' i He throw^himself into a chair, and took up a newspaper; but he did not read half-a-dozen lines. He sat with his eyes fixed upon the page before him, thinking of Margaret Wentworth. 'Poor girl!' he said to himself, presently; ''poor lonely girl ! She is too pure and beautiful for the hard struggles of this world.' (To be continued.) 