JOURNALISTS OF THE EARLY DAYS. The fol'oiving sketch by " Garryowen". in tlie ' Herald' depicts what prfcssirien had to en counter in the metropolis in the early parts of - their journalistic career : — There was once on a time a Air Peter Davis, a prosperous knight of tho hammer, who did a good knocking down business in Melbourne, and realised a full purse thereby. Davis arid Cavenagh, of the ' Herald,' never cottenod in each oi her, possibly because the auctioneer did : not advertise as liberally in the newspaper as its master wished. However, they were always in a mutually hostile mood, for Davis could well iiurse a dislike, and Cavenagh was as good a hater as Dr Johnson. The ruling desire of Davis was to be elected a member of the City Council, and the unalterable determination of C-ivenagh that it should not be if lie could pre vent it. ATore than once Davis started a candi dature in which Cavenagh was prompt in op"- posing him, both in his journal and by private cani'ass. I have not the correct date, but it would be probably in 1854, there was a civic contest in Latrobe Ward, and Davis had early; tiken the field. Cavenagh was at once on the side of 'the Opposition candidate, and the ' struggle grew exciting. There was then bri./" the 1 Heiald' a literary factotum, a soit of right hand man of Cavenagh, who could' do eve>yihing from a leader to a shipping notice, arid they generally worked well together; for- they, found themselves, as times and circum stances .were, . necessary to each' other. The emblove was the Air Finn referred to in other plsces, as well known as the post-office, arid as active an electioneer was his chief. One day during, the election excitement, the arcades - ambo had a row (a rare occurrence) in't.he ' Herald', office, and Finn felt that Cavenagh had dealt him an injustice (riot at all likely) ; ; arid rifrer Cavenagh had jauntily left the serine of altercation, Finn was quizzed by some of the ' office hands, one of whom scoffiiigly asked, ''Well I supposo you will be thinking of cutting George now." " Certainly not," replied the; other, "it does not suit my cards to ' cut' Alastor George just now at all events ; but ere a week is over I'll get another to ' cut Mm in a style of which neither you nor lie lias the slightest notion." There was a general laugh, ana the conveisation ended. Next day Cave nagh and Finn met, aud were seemingly on the best of terms with each other. They spoke- about the coming election, and Cavenagh ruhbed his hands in high glee, for the other told him, from what he could gather amongBt Ward voters, Peter Davis didn't stand even the ghost of a chance. " I just left him," continued Finn, "surrounded by a pack of his supporters, up by'the Alechanics' Institute. Ho was abus ing you fearfully, calling you a ' long wretch,' A ' gobe mouche.' and ' duggins,' and' declaring before he was quits with you, he'd beat 1 the big .drum' on you head." Tho quoted epithets were well-known nicknamos from time to time tacked on to Cavenagh, and the application. of any of them all riled him. Davis's ' alleged discharge of tho entire armoury drove him into a terrific. passion. He turned white with rage, bit his lip, and vowed he'd make it ivarm for Davis, "Look herb,' said he to, liis satillite, . 'You go at once and write something that will' touch the- scoundrel on the raw; and .'so that-: you can walk' into him' iri style about the Sydney' affairs.. You understand." "Oh, yes j all- right, I'll be away instanter. Keep your mind easy, for I'll make it a caution to Davis that.' he'll not soon forget." Air Finn lost no time ' in executing his commission. The ' ' Sydney affair" was a passage in the past life of Peter Davis, of which no colonist need be ashamed; though ho felt a morbid sensitveeness about any ' allusion to it, an infirmity which was well-known to, and not seldom applied, by his opponents. : On Cavenagh returning to liis editorial sanctum in tho afternoon, the Davis epistle was ready for his perusal ; he read and ro-read it, gloated over, and pronounced it to bo they very thing wanted, and passed it on to the printing office; Next morning at breakfast, Potor Davis had the 'Herald' beforo him, and it was, breakfast enough for him. Though ho couldn't stomach, it, he had no appetite for anything olso. There appeared before him over a ' liom do plume' in itself sufficient to unsettlo a greater stoic, in very readable type, accentuated by many italicised expressions, a communication of a very pungent and personal description, holding him forth in terms of rancorous reprobation as a- charactor from whom tho citizens should run rather than elect, and well seasoned wfth'in4 uendoes which stang like a scorpion. Swallow ing a cup of strong coffee as a pick-me-up, and snatching the newspaper, lie sallied forth, - pro cured a heavy horsewhip, and sought tho earli- 1 est opportunity of giving Cavenagh a taste of it. Tlie latter resided in Little Flindors-streot east, and as ho was proceeding to his office about eleven o'clock, Davis met him, and with one well dealt blow knocked liiiri down, looked at the writhing prostrate figure and passed on. Cavenagh, though wounded, was not killed, for tho life was tough in him ; he gathered himself tojjother, and was assisted toA neighbouring chemist's, where an incision iri , the aide of his head was staunohod, nrid wbll plastored. Ho then, by the aid of a stick, marched on to tho office, and when ho entered, there was Finn beforo him busily engaged iri the protonsion of doing something. On beho.ld- ing Cavenagh with a very long faco and dis-> figured headgear, tlie blood trickling through- tho lint stuck on over one of his ears; Finn; jumped up, affected mueli surprise, and oi-' claimed, " Good heavonB ! Mr Cavenagh, what' has hiipponod" "You may well inquire," loudly growled tho other, "It is all your doing, y®lf ' confounded little scoundrol ; seo wi\at you hsri® got me through that blackguard 'iottor you wrote about Davis. There the follow hap gone gild half killed ino' I boliovo." . Cavenagh," responded tlio othor, " you havo yourself only to blame, corUinly not me. Yqu. : '" ' . . .-U asked mo to write tho letter, and you approved and published it." " Oh yes," rejoined Oave- nagh, " all very fino talk now when tho harm is done. I roally bolievo you did it on purposo." " You may just boliove what you liko, for it is to mo. a matter of indifference," and so saying Finn took up his hat and papors and departed, telling Oavonagh as ho passod, that he had to run: up . to the Insolvont Court, at which was jerked out an exclamation moro curt than polito " that ho might go to the d 1." And this iva3 the novol manner in which tho proiniso " to out long George" was accomplished. Davis was stibsequontly proceeded against at tho Polico Court and fined L5 for the assault. Tho same, Mr Petor Davis, despite of the ' Herald ' influence, attained tho so-much covetod soat at the City Council table, and was Mayor of Mol- bourno in 1856-7. As a eilizen he was much ostoomed by a largo circle of frionds, und in the discharge of his official duties punctilious and painstaking, but rather too precise and prag matical) ; He died a few years ago. 