MR. COLLINS AND THE ELECTORS OF CENTRAL WARD. MR. COLLINS has explained--evidently to the satisfaction of himself-why he] shifts his ground from Central Ward to North Ward ; however satisfactory thut explanation mtv be to the ratepayers whom he has humbugged, we know not, but for ourselves we may say «hat it is far from being sufficient. Mr. COLLINS haring addressed us on this matter, we reply to it; though had he addressed himself through our advertising columns to the ratepayers, they might have had their say \--and may even do so as it is. Let us deal with Mr. Counts' " explan ation " first, before we touch upon anything else. In the first placo, be ascribes his change of frcnt to a learnt- deaision of the Judges in the Supreme iöurt-having had some doubt prior to this decision, whether he could legally offer himself for North Ward. We are indeed surprised that a gentleman of Mr. COLLINS' erudition and acquaintance with Municipal law should have the doubt he says he bad, and we wonder why he should write this sentence : " I may in justice to myself remaik that I would hive yielded before, had it not been palpnb'e to me that, if elected for a Ward in which I was not a ratepayer, the law as it then stood would have invalid ated my election.'' Does not Mr. COLLINS sec, or understand, that the decision of two Judges out of three, the other day, does not aííer the law-the law is still the same as it has been all along, even before the pissing of the present Act in 1867? Take section 32 of the Act, what does it say f " Every male elector of any Mnnicipality of if the same be divided into wards of any ward there of who is a naturalized subject of Het Majesty and is not otherwise disqualified as herein prescribed shall be capable of being pleated Mayor Alderman er Auditor tbereuf Provided that no Alderman shall be capable nf being elected an Auditor in and fdr the Municipality of which he is an Alderman"; and here St. Julian adds a foot note to this effect: A question has arisen, whether after the division or a Municipality into wards, an elector of one ward can be chosen Alderman for another ward of the same Municipality in which Ward he haB no qualifi cation. It is clear from the general scope of the Act, and especially from section 53, that when once a Municipality lias been divided into wards, electors can only vote in it fur the wards wherein thc pro perty for which they are assessed (or are liable to be assessed) is situated. But there is nowhere any express limit of the choice of the electors, beyond what is contained in Section 32 ¡ and the extent of the limit ¡8 only thatthe candidate shall be " a male elector of the Municipality," or if divided into words, " of any ward thereof." If so qualified he is capable of being elected Mayor, Alderman or Aud itor "thereof," i.e.. Mayer, Alderman or Auditorof the Municipalité, or Alderman of one of its wards. Thc second " thereof" must be meant to apply to the entire Municipality, for it is only the entire Municipality that has a Mayor and Auditors ; and if there bad been any intention on tba part of the Legislature to limit thc candidature for Aldermanio honours, as well as the right of voting, to the ward ! electors, some express words wonld have been used to indicate such an intention, etc. This is plain enough, in all conscience, for the simplest person to understand-much less a gentleman of Mr. COLLINS' attain ments ; but as Section 53 has been referred to, we will take a look at that also ; it reads thus: "Where any Municipality shall be divided into wards every person who under the provisions hereinbefore contained would he entitled to be enrolled and to vote as an I elector of such Municipality shall be entitled in ' like manner for the ward or wards wherein the rateable property in respect of which he is so entitled to vote in all elections of Aldermen and Auditors to be held in, and for such ward or wards ns herein after provided and the said provision shall as to each such wnrd be construed as apply ing thereto and not to the whole Municipality." There is a note to this section also-, which, to make the matter perfectly clear to such obtuse mind? as those who seem to believe or understand nothing but what the judges say, and everything they do, we quote : This section, read in connection with section 62, clearly snows the intention of the Legislature to have been to make each ward a separate electorate. But, although an elector can nominate or vote tor a cindidate for aldermanio honour« in his (thc elec tors) own wan!, any elector of thc Municipality is eligible for such candidature. ... In Ibo Queen v Parkinson, . . . it was held that ward electors only can nominate candidates for the rep* resentatiou of such ward; and that an election where the candidate supposed to have been re. turned, had not been duly nominated by such elec tors was void. In the recent case of tx parle Sa. ville. . . 12 Jnne, 1868, tho samo principle was distinctly upheld. Of the two nominators of n can didate, one, although an elector of another ward or wnrdi in thc same Municipality, was not an elector of the ward in reference to which such nomination was made. The objection of thc legality of such nomination was held fatal ; and because the respon dent had resisted upon merely teohnical grounds, the application made against him under Sec. 99 of this Act, instead of submitting at once, he Was or dered to pay Hie costs of such application. Here we have given good authority for both elector? and candidates to be guided by, and we can no more see how Mr. COLLINS could have thought the law was otherwise than we could imagine the Judges deciding any other way than they did in Hoyle's ease. The Judses do not make the laws, neither do they alter them, and a Ju Ige may, in trans luting the law, utterly fail to grasp the mean ing and intent of the framers cf doe taw just ss any layman might do \ \ what absurdity then of Mr. OOLLTNS to refer to " the law as it iXtn stood "-really, this gentleman sur prises us more every day» As we have said, this jeremiad about the. lawfulness of the thing comet with very bad grace-from Mr.'COLLINS, and does not acquit bimane jot of having dissembled. He was firstin the field, and he tnust have had an idea that he stood a " show" of success in the ward from vbicb he derived his qualification, or he would certainly not have announced himself, lío man willingly enters the lists to do battle, unlesB he believes he has some prospect of winning; and if it is true that he thought he had no chance, tliere must have been some other ^motive. At any rate, things look extremely fishy, when one comps to review the matter in all its bearings. When Mr. COLLINS announced himself, Alderman PRIMROSE had made no signonot openly, what ever he may have done otherwise-neither had Mr. HOLLAND or Alderman J. T. GOSPER ; though it was pretty wéll known that Mr» J, T» Smith was going to stand lor North Ward, and it was thought that Alderman LANE might pos sibly put up for South Ward. Mr. COLLINS' announcement stirred up tbe zeal of Wind sor's most ancient Alderman, and he, to be even with Mr. COLLINS, forthwith issues his pronunciamento, and lo ! everything changes in the twinkling of an eye. Presto ! change places! and the whole arrangement of the king:,, queens, bishops, pawns, &e.;, on the Municipal chess-board is changed. Wc know how sanguine Alderman PEIMBOSE is of suc cess, and we know also how impregnable he supposes himself to be-not in qjiir Ward only, but In any of them ; and whether this has produced a state of funk tn Mr. COLLINS' mind, or whether other matters tee know not of have caused this divertitment, we cannot say though we, as well as other electors of Cen* tra! ward, can think ae we please. Mr. COLLIVS would have had good sup port fot Central Ward-aud we make no secret ol the matter-we should certainty have assisted him in every way in our power, believing that a change is necessary, and that Mr. COLLINS, providing he devoted a fair amount of time to his duties and strengthened his spine a bit (morally, we mean, of course), would have made a good Alderman. We had no fear of him on ac count of his capacity, but his one weak spot has betrayed itself in his gross desertion hom his colours. It is not the act of a brave man ; and it is perhaps as well that Mr. COLLINS thought fit to desert his friends before his election-for the chances were strongly in his favour in Central Ward, whereas, for North Ward, he has not the ghost of a chance. No doubt there is a strong desire to keep Mr. HOLLAND out of the Council-in fact, it is a burning desire in thc hearts ol many ; Mr. SMITH might have accomplished this end, but Mr. COLLINS, singly, never'. At any rate, there was no necessity for Mr. COLLINS to write to us on the matter-we are not the keepers of his conscience-but his apology should have been made to the ratepayers-and then, in far straighter terms than a fiddle-faddling yarn about a recent decision in the Supreme Court of the colony -which, most of the ratepayers of Central Wttf J will rooef*-«-w.î4jj-fcli»i oî<l o*.i:î««Tllltïon though with no disrespect to the Chief Justice-" My eye and Betty Martin" ! which we leave to Mr. COLLINS to latinice. 