A HAUNTED HOUSE. A remarkable case was heard on Feb ruary 21 in Dublin, Mr. Waldron, a soli- citor's clerk, sued his next door neighbour who is a mate in the merchant service, named Kiernan, to recover £500 damages for injuries done to his house by, as he alleged, the defendant and his family. Keirnan denied the charges, and asserted that Waldron's house was haunted, and that the acts complained of were done by spirits or some persons in plaintiff's place. Evidence for the plaintiff was to the effect that every night from August 1884, to January 1885, his hall door was conti. nually being knocked at and his windows broken by stones which came from the direction of defendant's yard. Mrs. Wal-. dron swore that one night she saw one of the panes of glass in the window cut through with a diamond; a white hand was inserted through the hole so made in the glass. She caught up a billhook and aimed a blow at the hand, cutting one of the fingers completely off. The hand was then withdrawn; but, on examining the place, she could find neither the finger nor any traces of blood. On another occasion the servant, hearing mysterious knockings, fell down with fright, upsetting a pail of water over herself. .Mr. Waldron armed himself with a rifle and revolver, and brought a detective into the house, while several policemen watched outside. They however, could find nothing. Keirnan's family on being taxed with causing the noises, denied such,,was the case, and suggested it was the work of ghosts, and advised the Waldron's to send for a Ro- man Catholic clergyman to rid the house of its uncanny occupants. A police con- stable swore that one evening he saw Waldron's servant kick the door with her heels about the time the ripping usually commenced. Chief Justice Morris said the affair suggested the performance of the Davenport Brothers or Maskelyne and Cooke. It was quite inexplicable from the absence of motive, and remained shrouded in mysterious uncertainty. The jury found for the defendant. 