DR GUINNESS' MISSION. A highly successful mission, which has been conducted in the Alfred Hall for the lost fortnight by Dr Grattan Guinness, was brought to a conclusion last night. The oc- casion Was celebrated ■ by a tea meeting, which was followed by .the usual evangelistic service. The former was attended by about 300 : persons, prominent amongst whom were ; a number of young men and woinenb'Udio have reformed during the mission. ■ The. tableswereuot all formally allotted to particu lar persons, but the ladies, who have taken ah. interest in tlie movement presided, and: well attended to the wants of those present. The catering, was iu the hands of Mr Bryant, who gave every satisfaction, his provision being excellent and ample. At the subse quent meeting there were about 1500. 'present. The orchestra was, as usual, occu pied by an excellent choir,-undcr the leader ship Uf Mr Morris; Mr W. King presiding at the organ. Daring the evening the choir rendered n number of sacred pieces with fine effect, giving evidence of continued and careful practice. ; On the platform were a number of clergymen and others, amongst whom we- noticed the Revs. W. L. Morton, R. Kennedy, Bcttiss, Perrin, Cole, Riding, Tnglis, and Yco, and Messrs D. Ham, J.P., S. Morrison, and Birtchnell. The proceed ings were opened by devotional exercises in the shape of singing and prayer, after which several addresses were given. • These were characterised by an earnestness of thought and expression such as compelled attention and reverence. The Rev. R. Kennedy was the first speaker. In well-chosen terms he spoke of the. great good that resulted from the mission, which had brought happiness to many homes. Many were hearing the gospel now who were not in the habit of hearing it—young men who were able to take any position in society, yet did not attend church, knew nothing 'about prayer, and were in total ignorance of the great blessing of Christ. Now God's giace had reached them, and there was joy in heaven over sinners return ing to God. Dr Guinness had come ns a messenger of God to his own household also. He had come at a time when the heads of some of them were hanging down, and he had cheered them. Never during his life had he seen a work of the kind in which so many strong men had been brought close to Jesus—noble young fellows, filled with the Holy Ghost, ami having lives of many years before them. Of all his friends Dr G uinness would ever hold the first ami dearest place. Testimonies on behalf of con verts were then given. .Mr Chuck, sen., in a voice trembling with emotion, narrated how his sou had been converted during the mission. Dr Guinness then called upon Harry Bowman to relate his experience of the meetings. This young man, who stated that he was well known iu Ballarat, ad vanced to the front of the stage, and Dr Guinness in a caressing manner threw his arm around the young man’s neck, praying ho might be kept iu the good way lie had chosen. The new convert then in graphio terms narrated his former misconduct, his salvation, and his determination to iu future lead a better life. Another convert having informed the audi ence of his change of life and his in tention to advance iu Christianity, Dr Guinness invited all who had obtained good during the services to stand up. The response was slow at first, a natural timidity preventing many from at once making public confession. The ice being once broken, however, men and women quickly rose, until at last there must have been at least 250 people on their feet. The display was greeted witli many exclamations of praise to God. The Rev. VV. L. Morton having addressed the meeting in stirring terms concerning the good of the mission, seven other converts briefly bore testi mony to the good they had derived from it. The Rev. J. \V. Inglis expressed thanks to God and to Dr Guin ness for tlie beneficial influence of the mission on the young people of his congregation. It was then explained that the ministers of the Methodist denominations were busy at pre sent with the renewal of quarterly tickets. Dr Guinness then addressed the meet ing, his remarks Being more particularly addressed to the young converts, whom ho urged to get to work for Christ and ■ to join in prayer meeting unions. .Seventy men and 63 women expressed their intention of joining snob institutions. The doctor especi ally cautioned the new converts that they were not to expect conversion to effect a change in their nature at once. At the close of the address the proceedings were brought to a termination in the customary manner. 