A TALE OF LA VENDEE IN 1794. Translated tcillt the author's kind permission from the German of Dahn by A. F. Stevens, j for the ' Hamilton Spectator.' | [?] It was a fragrant spring-evening in ! the green woodland of Vendee, the son wsb Betting behind the wooded hilla which shut out the view of the F.nolinli Channel, and the encircling Loire leapt its last bariier as it flung itself into the ocean. The Clairon, a little Bilver-clear river, here cut through the narrow valley which is enclosed by the out jutting mountains of the coast. The atmosphere was humid, for it had rained daring the day, and the last rays of the setting enn awoke in the thousand wild-fliwere all that sweet and virgin fragrance which is the rare gift of May evenings only. The vaueuaid of the victorious | republican army was ascendine the South i Eas' mountains ou its way to the interior of France, having two days before, beaten and scattered a division of the brave Chnuans, formed in rank by Qeorge Cadoudal the wisest and most powerful partisau of the kingship, and by him the defence of the approaches to La Vendde was maintained. It was a wild irregular troop, and as unlike a disciplined army, as were the noblemen, priests, peasants, and hunters mingled with multitudes of Chouans, who defended their idyllic homes and patri archal beliefs against the levelling decrees ot the one and nndivided republic. The tro<>p, about 400 men stroog, was led by the archers of the victorious van guard sent forward by the army ; the wooded heights were surrounded by a narrow path, watched to espy each am bush of the wily foe, ere the entire forces should be exposed in the narrow ground of that district of danger. Without opposition the troop reached the summit of the hill, and unhindered descended into the green valley of the Clairon, which lay before them in the evening light. The army followed ; the defile waa the home of sane-culottes ' and marauders to whose military attitude the companiee of the Republic paid but scant honors. Three officers rode alowly in the front. The oldest and most dis tinguished of them, a general, wore the ordinary civilians' black dress of a middle-class citizen, and a hunters' black cap. Only the broad tri-coloured band to bis sword betokened the soldier and the officer. His troops, more respectful and grateful than tolerant, spoke amongst themselves of the impression made by hie drees. His hair and beard were cot short after the fashion of the freemen of that time, and the Roman republicans of old ; but bis blue eye proclaimed him not of Roman origin. The officer on his left was a man o middle height, but of strong aud muscular build. He wore a soldier's faded bine jacket, leathero hose to the knee, in which bis unshod and nnstockioged legB dangled against the flauks of his horse, whose equipage was a blanket thrown over its back and a rope instead of reins. Over bis breast was slung a tattered tri- colonred scarf, to which hnng a long sheathless knife. His head and part of his face were covered by a red field-cap, not large enough, however, to hide a freshly-cut el ash which extended from the left eye over the nose to the right cheek-boue. There was something theatrical in bis march and gestures. The third rider formed a striking con trast to his companions. He rode a noble Arab, with slender fetlocks and a fine arched neck, those tokens of ' high- breeding ' among horses. He wore the full uniform of the revolutionary troop, yet still retained 'he triangular feather bordered hat of tbe ancient regime, aud his cavalier's sword with its golden handle seemed to wonder at finding itself thus in neighbourly contact with the silk tri-c olour. but more than all these outward signs his elegant clear- cut profile, and delicate complexion betrayed his whole descent. The mous tache which had earlier bedecked his thin lips had fallen a victim to tbe fashiou of the Republic, but beautiful, short locks of curling chestnut hair still adorned his oval head. The neatness of bia whole appearance waa due to tbe care of the old eervan', who walked close behind him, and whose eyes, full of fatherly love and confident pride, often rested upon bis fine distinguished form. Now, as the descent from the height became very steep anddifficnlt, he stepped forward, pushed back the horse of the 'sans-culotte,' as little regarding him as his rider, seized the bridle of the Arab, and eo led bis young lord down the fre quented track of the riding-path. ' Hold, Bertrand. You know that Oriel goes sure-footed as a chamois, and yon are in Citizen Froissard's way.' ' Ah ! My Lord Viscount. M. Hector, I should say,' the servant quickly aorrected himself with a confnaed look at the ColoneL 'Put nn constraint npon yourself, Ber trand,' laughed the latter. ' If yon cannot from yonr own heart say " Citizen Chatillon " do not say it with yonr lips.' ' Yon mast excuse bim, Gracchus,' arid Hector to his friend. He has grown too grey in the old form to ac custom himself lightly to the new. Trnth is his chief characteristic — true to to all meD, and in all things.' 'Fes, troth,' cried Froissard in s mocking tone, is a great thing, Citizen Pappillon ; beware only of the Repnblic established as the Monarchy. ' Froissard,' continued Hector, ' yonr equality would make trnth very hard to me, did it not awaken in my breast something like contempt' Ho, ho 1 young cavalier 1 that quick blood ! Would I were a sprig of nobility like yon. Bnt beware 1 The rabble have also their weapons ; we are to yon like the guillotine, you hold as in contempt, bnt yon fear us.' ' Peace, comrades !' spoke the Colonel. ' Dissension amongst the officers would be our certain rain in this country, where only fall unanimity in onr midst can defend tu from an ever-present foe ; yon know bow difficoit onr task is. At Onr victory on the Chareote tbe remainder of the Chonsns, abont 3000 men under Charette, and other redoubtable leaders, took flight, and are probably in the valley of the Clairon at Castle Sombreuil. We know not whether they will dart from thence lDtn the mountains and join George Cadoudal, or weod their way towards the coast, and fly to Eogland. Both must be prevented. For the systematic destruction of each little about alone can break the pernicious tree-stem, which spreadsits tenacious roots toall the French j provinces. General Hoche with the entire j army will force the fugitives back from union with Cadoudal and advance to wards the left bank of the Clairon, where Castle Sombrenil stands, whilst we make a circuit, win the right bank and obstruct their way to the coast. We most pre vent their paBBing over to the right bank of the river, and hold them faBt on the left, till General Hoche can reach and annihilate them. 'Certainly difficult enough,' cried Froissard, ' to seize the fox in his den. They know every bush of this wood, every rock of this monntain, bnt it wonid afford me great pleasure to hang Count Alphonee de Sombreuil on tbe battle ments of his own Castle.' ' You cannot forgive him the scat of Chareote,' cried Bertrand ; ' however, it ful horse, which drove him wild. I was sorry for the noble beast.' 'God knows — or rather, God would know if there were one — the horses of these aristocrats are as prond as their riders. It always seems to me as if snch animals despised me, as I saw tbe proud high-stepping steeds galloping forth I would gladly have sent both horse and rider to tbe guillotine. Then it was that I sprang forward and stabbed tbe mare in the paunch, and the villain struck me across the face. Bnt we have reached the boundary The troop had eotered the valley of tbe river ; the six or seven peasants' and fishermen's bats were deserted. On tbe other side of tbe river about a mile dis tant stood Castle S >mbreuil on a hill. Tbe bridges were broken down, the boats, by means of which, at ordinary times, the passage across the river was m«de, had disappeared, as, also the bars which served to mark the fords of the small, bnt deep and rnsbiog river. The soldiers distributed themselves along the bank, and in the deserted village. Froissard kept tbe watch ; tbe General and HectoT were quartered in one of the most comfortable of the honses, which was surrounded by a flower-garden, and everywhere bore the traces of an indus trious landlord. Yes, and certainly tbe traces also of a neat woman's hand. Hector resigned all to the care of Ber trand, who directed everything in the honse, and made arrangements for quar tering the men, and wrapping himself up In hie mantle laid down on the homely wooden steuB, which led from the garden to tbe portal, and overlooked the valley. It had now become dark, the first stare appeared, the voices of beasts in wood and meadow were dnmb, and a deep stillness lay over all the land, which was broken only by the call from the watch on the river or the jingling of a weapon. Hector sank into a meditative con templation, which gave to hie face an expression of melancholy. A familiar band was laid on his shoulder. ' Yon are dreaming, Hector' spoke a voice gently j ' of whom do yon dream t' He looked np and saw the Colonel standing beside him. 'Ob, William; of whom bat of her 1' 1 Of liberty f' 'No, of Hortense, the white rose of Yaacluse. Yon cannot think how power fully these green wooded hills, these valleys and ravineB, remind me of the verdant pastures of my yodtb, where stands my father's castle in blooming Provence, and of her who was the rose of that garden and the flower of my life.' ' These are dangerous reminiscences, Hector. Yonr thoughts have not been so generally of her since we left Paris behind us, and set foot in this Veudda I fear that yonr sentimental heart is not freighted heavily enough with golden Liberty, but floats on tbe billows of new iuipressiouB.' 'New impressions? No, William, tbe remembrances wbich these woods awaken within me are the oldest of my soul. As now I see that old Castle ly ing youder iu the etar-shiue, eo have I seen grey Cbatillou every evening of my boyhood as I returned from bunting on the green hide of Carcassonne. Then Bertrand rode by my side, and sang me the old songs of Provence, and told of my ancestors, the knightly Coatillons, who bore tbe white falcon on a blue shield in the battles of the Capets and Valois. These reedy banks remind me of tbe marshy gronnd where I hunted the black heron with Hortense de Bellaflor ; how daintily she held tbe sparrow-hawk ou her little hand. There was one May evening when she seemed to me kinder and more beautiful than ever — 1 had never spoken to her of love, I dared not, she was one year older than I — she had snng a Spanish romance from Cid Campeador. Thereupon, I took ad vantage of an heroic deed to fall down at her feet and confess that I had deserved neither to behold her beauty, nor to hear her sweet voice. Then she smiled and with playful hand unloosed a white knot from my mantle, and said, "Well, thsn, Hector, I create yon knight ! From henceforth to accomplish the will of the lady of the White Rosette." ' Fanciful children,' ianghed the ColoneL 'That is now five years ego. My father sent me as a page toFaris ; there I learnt to know yon ; yon £angbt me philosophy and history ; my teacher soon became my friend. Yon planted the treasure of yonr noble thoughts, yonr inspiriting freedom in my breast, and opened a new .. world to ' me in Rousseau, tbe great philosopher. Yon awoke within me the love of mankind, the impnlee to epread oat before all nations the happiness and liberty of France, and to give the natnral law of. equality to all men. In the ocean of your vast ideas all was sunk, all that had earlier been dear to me, my rank, my forefathers' castle, myself, my love 2 When I left the pagehood the struggle agaiost tyranny had began ;my father was dead. I eaw my comrades in crowds hasten to the help of the sinking throne, but I had become thy pupil,. and the sword of Chatillon -was drawn against the Bonrbons. Yon brokeall my old weapons, yon -took all from even >to the onttswed eword, bnt l did' not hesitate. I fallowed yon and liberty blindly through all dangers, yea 2 even through streams of blood. Yonr weighty, logic bnilt for me bridges over ail precipices. I realized that only the tyrant's blood -conld atone for the guilt of - tyranny, .and water the roots of liberty. In Paris, where each day brought new dangers and new outbreaks, where the Republic most hourly defend its yonng lib against treachery and violence, I bore all — not only the crudity of onr own party, bnt also the obscure 1 bestiality ( f a FfrdsssTd." But here in these woods it , is otherwise. Here the constantly tor- mented intellect may rest, the sonl tread again in the straight path, the heart is eloquent ; tbe paet, my past, speaks to me from these green mountains. The enthusiasm of these hunters, and fisher men, for their rights makes me wander from onr law, and I most often think that these Chouans are heroes and we are executioners.' The Colonel took the hand of the agitated yonng man. 'No, Hector, do not wander, do not hesitate 1 It would be my misfortune ; it would be more, it would be the overthrow of my idea). Yon know not what yon are to me. Yonr head is as sacred to me as the symbols. I surround your soul with the spirit of the past, and the issue of the battle is to me a judgement from God. Yon know how I became what I am. My father was a merchant in Strasbnrg. I ought to have carried on the firm — I reconciled myself to that ; in the day-time, I kept tbe books and accounts, but at night 1 studied, and when my father became bankrupt, and ehot himself to avert the penury of my family, at twenty years of age, 1 became professor in the school of pages. I had never known either youth or love, Rosseau's logic was my only recreation, freedom my only love. I had discovered that mankind bad gone astray for seventeen hundred years — that all tbe roots of the dead past mast be extirpated and anew beginning made or they wonld rot in tyranny and vice. I had recognised what still conld do in myself, likewise what it can and must do in all. If with principles a world can be governed, why can it not also be rebuilt ? The past, or tbe illusion of the past, is a more dangerous enemy to our Republic than the wrathful treaty of all the kings of Europe. But every man can give the lie to his past when be will My opponents in philo sophy, the English and Germans, contest this. Bat it is not tbe question of my life, it is the life-question of France that concerns ub. Then I found yon ; your noble elevated mind, yonr freer thought, captivated me ; in yon will I set np against the reverence for the dead put, a counter-example of the living present. Yon, the born nobleman, shall through the transforming power of your own will, become the most fiery republican. I myself have already set a little example of it ; my nature tends towards theo retical labour, towards science; bnt I saw that my native land was overstocked with philosophers and deficient in soldiers. I conquered my nature and became, in spite of my past, a soldier and an officer.' ' And an able officer, too,' cried Hector. ' Tbe greatest and brightest example yon shall set, Hector. Ah ! leave me not to be put to shame.' 'No, William, snrely not, lead me against my old comrades, who have emigrated, traitors to their native land, deserting her to wield the Prussian bayonet. My consins, ay 1 even my brother's blood would I shed in such a war, but it goes against my heart to seize and shoot with overpowering might, these peasants and hunters, who, with touching loyalty, struggle and die for their ancient God, their king, and their manorial lord in these their mountains and woods.' ' And do yon think, Hector, that this is easy to me 1 I am no Froissard 1 Buttheee mast all fall victims to tbe welfare of mankiod. These valleys have had the happy fortune to be for a hun dred years long under a wise and mild nobility's government. No tax has in- I ternally disturbed them, no corrupted court has poisoned them They have not learnt to hate the corse of tyranny ; how can they love liberty 9 They straggle for a patriarchal happiness ; that, and that alune they know ; bat we bring tbem a higher, a political happiness, miud, cultivation, liberty, and certainly where it must be, force. Then, as we are all men with the same eventualities, eo shall we all have bnt one happiness — liberty !' ' Brave Colonel !' cried Froissard, who had been an unnoticed listener. ' Yes ! we bring liberty ! We will cast oat those wfaomake distinctions which nature knows not. Is one born a peasant, the other a nobleman 1 one rich, the other poor 1 No, by the devil ! AH men are born equal, and shall remain ao, nothing more. Nature has drawn a straight line alike for all, and if one will hold his head above the others, be mast even become that head shorter. For the rest, my watch is over, and it is yonr tnrn, Citizen Chatillon, for Citizen Gracchus, being Colonel, does not change guards with as ; this inequality must exist. Mark the pass-word, " France and Fraternity." ' Hector rose silently, and went ont with Bertrand to his post on the river- bank, where the watch-fires burnt brightly. ir. Castle Sombrenil was situated abont a cannon-shot distant from the left hank of the Clairon on a bnsby hill. It was bnilt io the early Gothic of the 12th century, with all the simple inanimate beauty of that style. The pointed arches repeated themselves in all the windows and doors, and certainly, in the older fashion of the more round than cunei form pinnacles, in the same way the octagon was foond in all tbe towers, balconies and battlements. Only the npper apartments of the east tower were in a habitable state, destined as the residence of the Count's family, and had for that reason, received the one and only modern innovation that the Castle boasted, and which in trnth looked ont of keeping with the rest of the building. Bnt the lower storey, intended for the at tendants, and formerly for the travelling garrison, had for the last hundred years undergone no great change. In a distant haii of the gronnd floor were assembled, on the evening of onr tale, some of the fugitive royalists. No lights bnrnt for fear of attracting the attention of tbe enemy. On an elevation in the background of the hall — the so- called ' dais from which the feudal lord of tbe castle was wont to grant leases to his vassal b — in an arm-chair with a high carved Gothic back, sat a stately, hoary warrior, whose grey locks flowed to the shoulders of his violet sarin doublet. His left arm hang wearily from the arm of the chair, his right band rested on the head of a beautiful yonng lady, dressed in deep mourning; who knelt at hia feet; and regarded him with a most woe-begone expression in her great dark eyes. On his right stood a man whose tonsnre betokened him a priest of the Catholic Church. A man of about thirty, in tbe uniform of an officer of tbe Bourbon guard of honor, who' wore his arm . in a sling, measured the hall with impatient etepe. On the gronnd were atrewD gnus, 1 pistols, sabres, and weapons of all sorts. I In the niches of the arched windows, stood several men in the hunters' green dreBS of the Chouans. All were more or less wounded, and glanced eilently towards the bank, where gleamed the red watch-fires of the enemy. The grey-haired man broke the still ness, ' What is decided npon 1' he asked the officer. ' Speak, Alphonse, I conjure thee ; this silence is more terrible than declared rain.' ' W e cannot determine, Count Bellaflor, until Martinet returae. If it is General Hoche himself encamped yonder on the river, we mast fly to Codoadal in tbe morass. If it is only a chance body of marauders we must await their removal and then hasten over the Channel to England.' He was Bilent on the third and most dangerous possibility which he feared — that this troop mightbe nochance one, but sent ont purposely to cut off their flight to England, till General Hoche should reach tbe left bank of the Clairon and annihilate them. The situation induced him not to angment this worst eventnality, namely that a troop waseentexpressly against them, and would straightway surprise the Castle. He continued his unsteady pacing to and fro, nntil the noise of harried steps in the stone passage attracted the attention of all. Then causing the heavy oak-fold- ine doors to fly open, a pretty peasant woman in the national dress of la Vendee hastened in at the door of the hall. ' Ob, gracious Lord' cried she in accents of sincere joy, 1 he is hers. He has retnrned again safe and sonnd — my dear little husband, my Martinet,' and followingdu her footsteps came the long-expected spy, the water trickling from his dripping clothes. He had one of those charming peasant facea which betoken the greatest trne-heartedness, and a touch of waggish slyneBs besides. Ah 1 my lord. Ah ! noble Grantees, Ah ! my little wife 1 That was the best, but the moBt dangerous sport I have ever had in my life. Jeannette, give me a mouthful of wine and a dry jacket if his noble lordship permit. (I am half dead with cold and hunger) Now, first of all ; it iB not General Hoche, bnt Colonel Le Gray, who is called GracchuB , with abont fonr hundred men.' ' Therefore, we can no longer hope to go to Cadoudal said one of the Chouans. « No,' answered Martinet quickly, 'for between him and ourselves is General Hoche advancing against as by forced marches. They believe that all who were left of us after the day of Charente are here, and do not know that all those who were still sound have gone over the mountain to Cadoudal under Charette. This is also the reason why they dare not immediately attack the Castle.' ' And for onr sskes,' said the vener able Count, 'yon are bronght to rain in stead of being in safety with the others. ' Ah. my lord ! we should not leave von alone with tbe conntess and the wounded, but there is still a good way out of the disaster. If Charette escapes to Cadoudal and informs him of onr situa tion, they will certainly hazard all to deliver us.' ' Impossible ' said the old Count. 'Hoche is at least three times their superior in force.' 'Then we mast to Eogland,' said the priest. 'Certainly, certainly,' signified Martinet with a constrained langb. ' Has Colonel Gray made fast quarter along the bank of the river 1' asked Al phonse quickly. ' Yes, to be sure,' answered Martinet, Alphonse bit his lip ; he saw what he had feared coming to pass; that the troops came desigoedlyagainBtCastle Sombrenil — they were canghtina net. No one noticed his mien, but Martinet who, alone beside himself took in the whole situation. ' But do not therefore lose courage '' cried he with affected cheerfulness. ' I have an excellent ptan, by wbich I will contrive to convey their noble lordships over the river and to the coast.' ' Let as hear,' said Alphonse hope lessly. ' Listen, the " sans-culottes" believe we are about two hundred in number. We have still two old gnns in the Castle, the one which used to be fired far the dead, and the other for festivals. We Chouans will drag these to the nether ford in the lower half of the village, and fire them against tbe out-post in the narrow pass there, as if we wished to force the passage the whole troop will fly to this point, and draw off the watch from tbe npper part of the river ; bat in this npper half of tbe village at Brombier hill ia the shallowest ford, and while we in the narrow pass occupy the attention of the enemy their lordships can comfortably wade over the river, and will thns have gained a start of a couple of hours.' 'Meanwhile in the pass how many trne hearts will bleed for as,' cried the old Count. ' Fie npon ns if we saffer this.' Now what is farther from onrthonghts f cried Martinet well-nigh vexed to see the sacrificial aide of his plan discovered. ' Have not hiB lordship, and the former lords, lived for and with as In all times, and ought we not once to die for onr noble lord! Neither they, not their fathers, went to Paris and eqnandered at the conrt, the hardly-earned price of onr ground-taxes, as they might well have done, like many othera ; bnt they have remained in this green land, have re joiced with ns over a good year, and supported us in a bad one We belong to each other, the lord's family, and our selves, if it is allowed to speak thus, and therefore ' Therefore we belong to each other also in death, true-hearted Martinet, said the old Connt Bellaflor, rising from his chair in enthusiasm. Hortense looked with wondei npon her aged father — his long white hair floated on his shoulders; and his eyes heretofore so mild sparkled with warlike fire. He stepped forward, and seized a tattered banner, which rested in an iron socket of the pillar. ' I see Al phonse, by yonr melancholy glance, that this expedition is sent ont against ns. Well! we will await them, yet once more shall tbe standard of Sombrenil wave in battle, and the heroic Bpirit of thy consort Hortense, of thy brother AlphonBe, trill hover over as. We will defend tide castle to the last heart'e- beat.' 'And the two women,' reminded the chaplain. Then Hortense carried away by the enthusiasm of her father seized his hand, saying,' Apprehend nothing for us, my father, while there is still a hundredweight of powder in the cellar. Heroically couragions daughter 1' cried the aged man. ' Yes, a thunder clap from Castle Sombreuil shall resound through all the mountains of Vendue, and revenge, revenge, shall be the echo.' ' I consecrate yonr weapons with th e blessing of the Church,' spake tbe chap _ Lain, ' Are yon ready, friends, to die with as 1' cried Alphonse as he took the stan dard from the hand of the old mat), and unfurled it. ' Yes, we will die with you !' cried the Chouans unanimously. ' But, Martinet grumbled, ' yeB I nevertheless, first shall many of these reason - worshipper's fall under onr castle-mound. It is sure tbat tms good old honse cannot hold ont long, for 1 I have used tbe iron elagB of the castle-gate for the stable door, and in the outer walls are holes through wbich the sun and moon shine, and the village children 1 play hide-and-seek. But Francis, Colin and I, have seldom failed yet with the rifle, and the first who comes np here shall never go down again.' And he began to load the gnns, which lay on the stone floor, whilst the Chonans in the foreground, and the family on tbe elevation of the hall, took a slight repast (the latter thinking only to fortify them selves, laid down to seek an uneasy sleep) after which the watch went forth. As soon as her masters were served, Jeannette bronght her hnsbond also something to eat ' But say, good Mar tinet, bow did you learn all the news which you brought us, and yet return with a whole ekin ?' ' That will I tell thee, my treasure. As WS recently returned from that dreadful discomfiture on the Cbarente, I hurried straight into the mountains again, to see from which direction tbe enemy menaced ns. I soon came npon the troops, and learnt from some stragglers to whom I eold bread and brandy, various items of news, amongst others, that they would occupy the right bank of the Clairon. We receive guests here, thought L aud like anattentivehosthnrriedon in advance to onr village, into our little honse, thinking Jeannette is a neat honse-wife, and certainly the gentlemen will want for nothing with as. I hid myself in the cellar between the window- rafters, whioh you know are under the door-steps. Right soon came a young officer with an old servant. He did not make much fass ia the house; he caught our last hen and wrung its neck — then came Colonel Gray himself, and they talked a heap of traBh on tbe steps, part I did not under stand ; of some, however, I can make very good use. Bat listen — one thing is droll — the young officer kaows our countess, and is dying for love of her.' ' What ! the sane calotte :' cried Jeannette indignantly. ' No, calm thyeelfj sweetheart ; he wears trousers, and rare fine ones too ; he is a disloyal count, and therefore the other side do not entirely trnst bim.' A count 1 What is he called 9 Did he speak of the countess by name 1' ' Yes, certainly, bnt not by her married name, only by the maiden name by which she was known in tbe time when you ware ber maid in Yanclnse — he called her Hortense, the white rose of Bellaflor.' ' And he,' cried Jeannette hurriedly, 1 is he not named Hector, Yiscount of Chatillon 9' i ' Yea, he is called Hector — but see little wife, yon know him already, this handsome officer 1 Must I still be jealous even for the last six hoars of my life V ' Ah ! be still, you silly little man; the countess must know this,' and she hastened to Hortense, who rested beside her father. She slept not, and was in an instant with Martinet, who waa obliged once more, to repeat and describe all circumstantially. 'There ie no doubt,' she cried at last, pressing her hand on her beating heart ; ' it is Hector I What said he further. Speak !' 'Further, I heard not. At that, a third officer came, and they were silent. But it was very good for me that he came, otherwise, I could not have left my hiding-place, for I was there, like the mouse in the hole watched by tbe cat.' ' How so 1' asked Jeannette. ' Hey ! because I knew not the watch word for the night, without which no one le allowed to pass. M. Froissard had the goodness to say it for me to the Yisconnt with great exactness. Then 1 slid out of the back door of our house, and went unmolested to the Brombier hill ford in the upper part of the village. There old Bertrand kept the watch ; be 1st me pass on giving the parole, and aa he turned round I dived into the water, ewam over quiet as an otter, and here I am ! 'Friends,' whispered Hortense, struck by a thought which made ber pale cheeks glow. ' I see a hope that may save ub all; you must stand by me, but nota word to my father, or my brother-in-law, rill all is concluded. They would never con sent.' ' You may connt npon as,' answered both. m. Midnight found Hector no longer in the republican encampment on the right bank of the Clairon, but on the left. Oriel was tied np to a tree on the Brom bier hill, while Hector enveloped in hie mantle, his naked sword in bis hand, went searching cautiously round the bushy eminence. Still no one there 9 Was It a dream 9 But no, I am awake, I hold the white rosette in my hand, it vanishes, not at my kiss 1 It I only had Bertrand here to qneetion him yet once more. How was it T He stood at Ins post, when suddenly a peasant emerged from the water, aud stepped np to him ; he knew the pass-word, signed to him to be silent, and whispered : ' Say to thy lord, Visconnt Hector of Chatillon, that the White Rose of Yanclnse awaits him abont midnight, on the other side of tbe river at Brombier hill ; life and death depend npon it" And giving him the white tassel he disaDneared again into the water. And Bertrand bronght me both message and pledge ; I cannot donbt that it ie Hortense — it can only be Hor tense ! Bnt how came she here, eo far from distant Provence 9 Is it a snare of the Chouans 9 If so they "hall find their man. But nay, treachery and Hortense can no more come together than hell and heaven. Hark 2 a rustling in the brash- wood. Who goes there f A dark figure emerged from the bushes on the road -aide ; it was a woman. A black silk mantle with cape, and veil enshrouded the apparition, she raised her veil, and Hector recognised Hortense . Hortense — you here — what a meet ing !' ' Yes, VlBcount, an unpiopitions meet ing ! We are changed, both changed einoe the days of Carcassonne !' ' Changed 9 Yon perhaps, Hortense — not I, my heart beats for yon now, as then, as ever ! I ask not how, why yon Bhinenpon me here, for I know that angels are omnipresent, and I love thee, wheresoever I find thee, Hortense 1' Silence, Yisconnt ; I may not hear this language from you.' 'Not here, because you remain a conntess, and 1 have become an officer of the Republic! Oh. Hortense. vou wrong me with your scorn. It was no constraint, no fear of death that drove me to these colors ; it was my own free will. I am nobler as I am, than 1 was a noble-man — I am worthier of thee now than theo, Hortense I swear it to thee. Hear me, hear me T ' I dare not, Hector, I am a wife. Ah|! No, I am a widow, and the ghost of my murdered husband hovers angrily over our heads at this moment' ' Married 9 How could you 9 Yet I have no right to ask this question — yon never loved me. I cannot lose you, you were never mine.' ' Hold, Hector ! Do not augment the the fell torment of this hour. Can yon believe, proud man, that Hortense would at that time have listened to your love withoutoffence, hadshenotgently requited it 9 She had not now sought assistance from her enemy, if she had not loved him 9' ' You make me happy and miserable at the same moment, Hortense ! You love, yet have hearkened to another, and are my enemy.' ' Ah, God ! the precioUB minutes fly, and so many lives hang upon them. Hear me, thee. Yes, I loved you in the valley of our youth ; you went to Paris ; the Revolution broke out, we heard soon that Yiscount Chatillon stood amongst the enemies of the throne. Oh, Hector, how could you so forget yourself and ab, how could you eo terribly forget me 1 You know my father's principles — never would he have given hia child to a republican. Then Connt Castor of Sombrenil came from Vendde. He was one of the first champions of royalty. He wooed me ; he was twenty years older than I, but my father wished the alliance. Yon Hector had forgotten me, so I became his — in the first year of our marriage he was taken prisoner and the guillotine was his fate f 'Unblessed unioD,' cried Hector. ' I followed him here with my father — my brother-in-law courageously carried on the lamentable war; they were recently beaten on the Chareote, We are now hemmed in at Castle Sombrenil, and all await death. By chance I discovered you in the enemy's camp, and here I implore your genoroeity. Save me.' ' HortenBe, beloved, thon art saved ; follow me into the camp, and I will guard my bride against the whole world.' ' Not so, Hector, I can never be yours. I can never separate my destiny from that of my father, and my people.' 'Yon speak thus,' cried he, irritated with anguish. ' What does the envoy of the Chonans then desire 9' ' Leave the post on this ford unoccupied to-morrow at midnight ; let ns pass tbe river and fly to England' ' Impossible I Hortense, what do you ask of me 1 I have sworn fidelity to the Republic ; shall I break my oath 9 Shall I, an officer sent out against the Chonans, assist their flight 9' ' Cold man's heart, upon which you vaunt yourself to lore a woman, and out of irritated jealousy let her despair and die ! Hector, give me back the rosette ; you are not the knight to whom it be longs ; must I remind yon of your pro mise to do all, and to sacrifice all for your lady 9' ' To do all, Hortense, except crime ; to sacrifice all except honor ; I cannot let the host of the Republic's enemies es cape. I dare not save that which I am bound to destroy.' ' The host of the enemies of the Re public ! Contemptible subterfuge of your hatred 1 You are really sent ont to des troy, two women, an old man, a priest, a couple of shot and crippled heroes ; thns fulfil yon work then, and keep yonr oath even to the guillotine,' and she turned to go. ' Stay Hortense, stay. Then it is not Charette's division, of 3000 men, who flew from the field of Charente which lies yonder in Castle Sombrenil, and. whose Balvation yon ask of me 9' ' Charette has long since joined Cadou dal ; we are fonr defenceless beings with a few servants.' ' And yon will not be mine, Hortense 9' ' Never, Hector ! I will boy neither my own nor my father's life with a lie. The widow of Castor, who fell on the gaillo- tine, will never become & republican's wife.' ' Is tbat yonr final decision, Hortense!' ' It is finaL' Hector covered hie fees with his hands, his breast heaved with the violent; struggle. At length he cried, ' So be it Conntess Sombrenil; whoever to-morrow at midnight will pass the ford shall find there no inimical out-post ; but a pro tector.' ' Thanks, Hector,' she cried; 'thanks and blessings. They parted without saying farewelL Hector moan ted his horse and soon reached the ether bank. The countess hurried towards the CaBtle; when a voice called to her from the bushes: 'Slay, your Grace, not so fast ! Take me with you.' Terrified she turned round, but, however, it was only Martinet with hfo faithful rifle. 'Yon here, Martinet? I forbade you to follow me.' ' Yes, yonr Grace, I have not followed you, properly speaking, fori was here beforehand. I was here before you to see that the coast waa clear. Forgive my in- discretioD, but I would have ehot the Yisconnt dead, had he not been so chivalrous in yielding.' And he escorted her to the castle ham ming the old Choaans's song : " Uselau all these menaces and puns ; You will one end seize us never: While in this land a green bush remains Lives Chonecterle for ever." rv. The next morning tbe patrol intimated to Colonel Gracchus what we already know, namely that Charette and his men had made a circuit round General Hoche's position and joined Cadoudal, and that only women and a few wonnded, who could not make Hie dangerous and exhaustive forced march over the path- 1 less mountain peaks, still tarried In ' Castle Sombreuil. A lively dispute im mediately arose amoDg the officers, in which FroiBsard insisted npon their crossing tbe river, and seizing the inhabi tants of the Castle at once, whilst Hector reminded the Colonel how their task bad been to prevent the escape of a multitude of Chonans, not to destroy a few de fenceless people, and that it wonld now be more important to follow Charette with all speed, and annihilate him before his anion with Csdoadal, than to lose tbeir precious time in a useless aud in glorious expedition. When they were alone, he also re minded him that all captives had in variably fallen by the guillotine, and that they dare not burden the young head of the Republic with this needless bloodshed, for it had enough to bear with the absolutely DecesBary death- sentences. William hesitated. On the one hand bis zeal to overtake Charette's corps, and, on the other, the knowledge that he dare not, without express commands, resign his position on the Clairon which he had taken by order of the Commander-in- Chief, induced him at last to adopt a third plan, by wbich he hoped to attain both objects. He himself with abont 300 men wonld go in pnrsnit of the fugitive Charette, leaving the rest under the two captains, to remain quietly in charge of the old position on tbe bank, until he should send them orders from General Hoche to take or leave Castle Sombrenil. At his departure Hector begged for tbe npper part of tbe river as his watch, Froissard holding the lower, nearest the village. But scarcely was the Colonel gone and Hector at his post where he divided the soldiers, according to his nlan, transferring Bertrand to the Brombier hill ford, than Froiaeard secretly began to work npon hia men, as well as those of Hector's division, for his own designs, which was the easier for him as the superior part of tbe troops were gone with the Colonel and only the dregs remained ; and Hector was so absorbed by his own thoughts, as not to heed Froissard's stealthy movements. The latter invited all the soldiers in the evening to a banquet in the honse which the officers occupied ; only Hector and Bertrand were missing. Froissard enjoyed great popularity amongst the remaining troops, because he shared their sentiments, and understood how to speak their language powerfully ; he entertained them with brandy until far into the night, and when at last both they and he were half-intoxicated, he stood nnon the empty cask to harangue them. ' Comrades, you know how I came to be your officer ; not because I was wiBer and more learned than you. God forbid ! but because I had an opportunity before others to prove my love to the Republic. You know I am the son of a poor artisan in the neighbourhood of Marseilles. One evening when I came home from work my poor old mother waa lamenting there. My sister Fleurette had been seized and imprisoned by the myrmidons of tbe magisterial lord of the manor, without reason — without any declared reason ! Comrades, I had not learnt much ; but I know that all great lords are scoundrels, and my sister was eighteen and beautiful. Comrades, I rushed to the lord's castle ; I asked for my sister. The servants laughed and said she was a thief; she had stolen the heart of the prefect. Then I flew to the superior prefect, but the head prefect was tbe sub-prefect's uncle, and he had me locked np eight long months. There, in that dungeon, I learnt this ardent love of liberty. Suddenly the devil broke loose in Marseilles. The people shot the great, the rich, and half the insignificant and poor ; my dungeon flew open, I knew not how, I harried out through the burning streets, a brand in my left hand, a knife in my right Here ! this very knife, it is the same. I led the people, because I hated the pre fect most furiously. Comrades, his Castle stood on a hill ; as yonder Castle Som breuil We surprised, we stormed tbe castle, I flung the burning brand into the eiik curtains. My sister I found no more ; but the prefect I found, and cut his throat And we found his beautiful daughters ; and the sweet Burgundy wine in his cellar ; and gold, treasure; and merriment to the full ; and the people of Marseilles made me an officer on the smoking ruins of the castle. ' Vive, Captain Froissard I' roared a hundred voices; 'so would we have done had we been there, so would I also burn a Castle.' ' Now see, comrades, how candid I am with yon. Early to-day in the war-coancil I wished to prepare the same pleasure for you. ' How eo ; how was that f shrieked the drunken men. ' Well then, that old county Castle yonder, rich Sombreuil, I would have given you, with the wealth which that aris tocratic thief of centuries has amassed thereto, wine and women from Provence, and those wretched Chonans who escaped as on the Charente. I advised the Colonel to lead yon on to plunder ; bnt the masked Yisconnt prevented it, and now the Colonel will first go to ask the General whether or no he shall carry ont what he has long ago commanded him. That is, thanks to my Lord Yiscount !'j ' Down with Chatiiion, down with the traitor !' cried the multitude. 'I see what will happen. The General will command the fugitives to be abandoned and the pursuit of that devil Cadoudal through all his mountains and morasses to be followed, and the gallant army will not once have the smallest reparation. Castle Sombreuil, with all its treasure, will be Be&led; by the clerkB of the finance in the name of the Republic, and yon will go empty away.' ' No, we will not have that ; we will not wait for the return of the Colonel. Yon lead ns, Froissard — lead ub im mediately against the castle ; we will plunder it Vive Froissard J' 'Since yon compel me, comrades, atit then, in the devil's name.' Thereupon the wild swarm plunged furiously into the stream below the village ; Froissard's horse led the way to the ford, and they hastily precipitated themselves into it bnt in perfect still- DBBB, lest they should alarm their victims ; and so they went on to the nether road, towards the old castle. Hector had spent a painfol day; a fierce struggle went on within him. The inborn and the assumed waged war nnto death in his heart; and he eaw how, etep ny step, William and the Republic lost ground ; and how Hortense Bad the Fast always pressed triumphantly to the fore. What was William's cold logic against the sweat language of the beloved one 9 what the enthusiasm for mankind, (to which he had been hurried by the paramount superiority of bis friend's miud) against the re-awakened remem brances of his youtb. Do not let ns wrong Hector's faith in bis cause ; through all these sweet egotisms, he had allowed himBelf only for one instant to be led away from his stern dnty. ' I will not be faithless to the standard of my choice, as to the standard of my birtb,' said he to himself ; ' I fall where I stand.' He ex- cased the deliverance of bis loved one and her friends more easily to his con science after this victory over himself; and awaited the hour of danger with that animated conrage which a self-sacrificing straggle always evinces. Bertrand, who was made acquainted with all the cir cumstances, showed tbe greatest zeal to Bave the beautiful youug lady of Vau- cluse,' as he still always called her. He informed hie lord of Froissard's Intrigue, and the evil disposition of the soldiers ; but the aristocrat despised so obscure a foe a great deal too much to fear him ; he was even pleased tbat this invitation bad- attracted all the soldiers to the village, far from the upper ford. He never once imagined that Froissard, in his hatred, would overstep the limits of subordination, even as he, himself, in his love. At last the long-expected hour arrived — the night was dark, bat serene and calm ; the reeds on tbe bank stood motionless, as if in anxions expectation. Towards midnight Hector urged his horse through the ford to receive the fugitives on the opposite bank ; Bertrand was to occupy tbe rigbt. Hector's heart, strung to its highest tension, beat painfully. Finally he descried a procession of dark forms, which noislesBly approached the Brom bier bill from the wooded road. ' Your password !' he asked softly. ' Hortense and Hector 9' replied Martinet, who led the expedition. Alphonse and a Chonan followed him ; tbe old connt, tbe two women, and the chaplain formed the centre ; three Chonans closed tbe pro cession. All the men were well armed. ' M. Hector, 1 whispered Alphonse, ' we thank you for our lives ; but Ikuow not another man whom I would less willingly thank.' Hector drew himself up, sword in hand. At that moment he felt the DresBure of a soft hsnd in bis, ' Hector, conquer yourself ; peace is all I now ask. But stay, ray brother-in-law ; hold, a moment You know not what a noble mind you insult.' Alphonse was silent ; Hector bent and kissed her hand. ' Hector,' said the old man, ' your weapons are broken, but your heart re mains unsullied. You conciliate your wrong against the French nobility in saving to them their pearl, my daughter.' 'Let us hasten,' broke in Martinet ; time lost is life lost!' 'In God'a name, then !' urged the chaplain. Hector lifted the Countess on to the back of the trusty Oriel, and led him by the bridle safely over the ford — the others followed silently ; bnt scarcely had they set foot on the opposite bank where Bertrand received them, than Alphonse pointing backwards, cried : ' Ha, what is thst J' A red column of fire rose gleaming In the nocturnal sky. ' That is Castle Sombreuil ; It is all in flames,' cried Martinet. ' Incautious,' questioned Hector. Did you set fire to it before you forsook it 9 That attracts attention.' 'No, we did not,' answered the fugitives simultaneously. ' Then it iB FroissaTd with the " sans culottes'" cried Bertrand. ' Oh, my lord, I warned yon !' ' Silence,' cried Martinet, as he flung himself down with his ear on the gronnd to listen ! they hasten hither from the Castle. There are over a hundred of them ; one horse gallops on before. 'Fly,' cried Hector, 'before it ia too late; we will cover your retreat.' ' Woe to thee. France.' cried Alnhnnse fiercely, raising on high his wonnded arm, ' if we come back again !' 'Farewell, Vendue, we return again,' said Martinet. ' My thanks, Hector !' said Hortense, aa she galloped away on Oriel's back. ' Farewell, Hortense, never shall I sea thee again !' cried Hector, and the Chouana had vanished. Hector and Bertrand stationed them selves side by side, so as to bar the narrow pathway. ' Bertrand 1 Now it comes !' cried Hector, and pressed his hand upon his heart— on that heart where lay the white rosette. ' Let it come, yonng lord,' answered Bertrand ; 'raise on high the white falcon of Cb&tillon.;' Then torchea were to be seen winding round the Brombier Hill — Froissard foremost on horseback ; behind him the sans-culottes, crossing the river and hurrying towards the high road. « Halt !' thundered Hector in opposition to them ; ' that is my post; What will yon 9' ' Here they are, the traitors !' roared the troop, and some badly aimed shots, which took no effect, fell upon the de voted two. Then Froissard rode dose np to them pistol in hand. ' Back ! whom do you seek 9 cried Hector.' ' We seek the Chonans, Monsieur le Yicomte !' shrieked Froissard. ' We have bnrnt the nest, bnt the birds were flown ; however, fresh footsteps in the damp graee led distinctly here; do you know where they are 9' ' Yes, in safety, I hope 1' ' Give them np; let ns pass. You have no orders to protect them.' ' And yon none to mnrder them.' ' Damned aristocrat 1' yelled Froissard, and fired ; Hector tottered and fell But Bertrand's rifle also flashed, aud Froissard dropped dead from Ma horse. The next moment ten shots fell together, and Bertrand sank dying npon his master. With shrill cries the sans-culottes rushed forward to follow the fugitives, when, suddenly they heard drum and horn-signals ; torchea appeared npon the hill, and immediately Colonel Gracchus rode in amongst them at full speed. ' Halt,' he cried; ' halt every man, tire Chouans from Sombreuil are free. General Hoche gives them a safe conduct ; but what do I see 9 Froissard 1 and thou, Hector! thou art dying !' Hector raised himself on his left arm : ' They are free ; sayeat thou free 9' ' Yes ; the day before I readied him General Hoche was surprised and beaten by the united forces of flmfonrial and Charette, he himself is taken prisoner. Csdoadal sets him free; only on condition that the Chonans of Sombreuil reach th ehorea of England in safety. No one shall dare to follow them ! Bat Hector, tfaoa are dying, and dying for the Royalists !' Peace, said Hector, 'peace; seestthoa not how my soul soars towards heaven f The white falcon in the field of Azure 1 Hortense !' He was dead ; and Colonel Gracchns wept silently over hiB corpse. 