CAULFIELD TRAINING VOTES. By " Early Bibd." The mornings on tbe whole have been fine, although the north wind which pre vailed during the week at time blew very cold. Mr. Kelley, who is usually one of the first out, gave his two-year-old Defrauder a spin with Warfield over three furlongs, but the son of King of the Anglers, who looks all over a galloper, did not ehape tike work. Peeping Tom pat in some useful work ; he ie & lazy gentleman, Carrick, who is im proving, as also bis companion Idle Boy, have been put through preparatory exercise. ifttBTnjaft fans not been on the traok. The Owl, Clansman, and Freetrader have eaeb been doing a lot of quiet exeretee on the Mr. Bence pat Lando through his facings over five forlongs. Velocipede on Thursday went a sweat. Saturday he was sent nioe striding work for a mile and a half. He moved freely, and looked all that oould be desired. Cbandos has gone from tbree to five furlongs, for useful work. Albanue, who hart himself with one of the hurdles in front of the sheds, was, I am told, more frightened than hurt, nothing beyond tbe loss of a little hair having resnlted. Brnoe has been moving along for half a mile. Mr. Conolly has kept Prince Regent on the sand at long, preparatory work. Mossy- face has been Indulging In good work for five furlongs with Orlando and a useful looking colt by Dou Giovanni. The latter was put over tbe hurdles for the first time on Thursday, jumping them like an old stager. He te out of a full sister of Don Quixote. Lord Chancellor has been doing a fair amount of spurting for tbree furlongs. The Marquis of Waterford and Lady Ashton have been striding along out side the hurdles, Freeze-out and Novelette being limited to cantering. The Don Giovanni colt, which has been called Don Giovanni, and the Maribyrnong — Nea colt have been cantering and spurting. Mr. P. Heywood has extended Gardenia over five furlongs. His Cup candidate, who up to the present has been doing long, steady work, with an occasional round about brif-paoe, pulled np on Monday very lame. I tbink we have seen the last of one of the gamest of Yattendon's sons as far as a raceoonree te ooncerned. It te, however, to be hoped that tbe injuries are not eo serious as it appears. Mr. Leek has treated Grand Duchess and Plympton to some mild exercise, finishing up strongly for hrif a mile. St. Ellen has been absent. Mr. Delany, who has got hie pair, Master Finetop and Post Boy, in capital buckle, treated them to s'.rong work outside the hurdlee. Mr. Campbell sent Highland Chief and Napoleon's Daughter fire'furJongs, but the former wae too good for tfao nl'y, Mozart doing once round for useful work alooe. Ou Saturday The Highlander accompanied him for a nice working gallop onoc round, both moving in good style. Mr. Davis Csmerine and Meerschaum have been doingsome half- pace wcik, Ditto having played a prominent rart in some sweating operations- Dulcet, Dogstar, and D<?xter have been cantering, the formsr spurting for throe forlongs. Mr. Selisaxi has treated Too Too to some serviceable work ovtr a mile and a half, The Gift striding along for five forlongs for a pipe opener. Mr. Jones' Cop candidates, Hippogriff and Biit.k Bonny, have been moving along about half pace once rouud. Loais and Solo have been striding along forthree- quarters of a mile, Gold Top brushing home frum the half mile. All of thc-m have done tho usual amount of quiet exercise. Melodious, Primus, Bohemian, and Violet have been going easily, the lattc-r spurting for a couple of furlongs. General Jackson was put through some schooling excrci-e, with Clifton for a com panion, tbe latter coming to grief at the finish, both horse and rider escaping with a good roll io the sand. Not so io tho case of Mr. Rowo'e Prophet, who was schooling iu company with Beau mont on Saturday morning; when jutnpiuiit the third hurdle the second time round he fell, and broke hi6ne';k. The two-year-olds, Here Goes, the filly by Richmond," aud G-.riW.di, have been cantering and spurting. Through the week the trio were put together for three furlongs, resulting in a victory for tbe latter. Ishmaol and a youngster by St. Albans have been doing some mild exorcise. The S;ag and others have been treated to suitable work. Mr. Batty has given Deceiver and Robin eome useful work over two miles ; Umberto moving stroDgly for five furlongs ; Astrono mer and Roeicruemn being restricted to medium work. Mr. Harper has riven Phoebe a spin over three furlongs; Uucas goiag strongly for a mile. Despatch is an absentee. Douglass, a late addition, and a two-year-old by Rapid Bay— Mary Gladstone, were doing quiet exercise. Mr. Rowe has been giving Gratfan strong, work right-handed. All being well, he will probably vteit Sydney. Roderick Dhu was treated to varied work. Mr. King has put Vauderbilt through somo schooling exercise at a useful pace; he has turned Union Jack out, I am told, and disposed of Spero. Mr. Reed's Grace Darling and Bonny Bell have been going long, steady work, finishing np stroogly the last three furlongs. Tbe Ghost, Nuncio, The Sussex colt, and others have been doing mild exerciee. 