EfflNENT DOCTORS. Until the appearance of the volumes whoso full title is subjoined, it rany safely he affirmed that no connected account suited to. nonular renders has ever been eriven of the leading discoveries in medical science, as sociated witli biographical notices of the dis tinguished men by whom they liavo been elaborated. This fact is tho more suquising since no science, theoretic or applied, has mora urgently called for vindication from wide spread prejudice than that of incdicino. The feeling still extensively prevails that medicine has not yet passed beyond tho stage of crude empiricism and conjecture, and that the healing art lingers in tlio region of conjecture. Tlio correlated scicncos of phy- siology,' chemistry nnd surgery have advanced, especially in the present century, by leaps and bounds ; but it is a common opinion that the: pathology of disease and the philosophy of enro havo lagged inordinately behind .. all other sciences which minister to the relief of suffering and the promotion of human convenience and comfort. This view has been greatly fostered by the contending schools which have arisen, and tho acrimonious disputes they have waged as to tho causes which operate in producing morbid states of body and tho treatment of specific ailments. Allopaths conservatively adhere to time- honored prophylactic nnd curative usages. Homoeopaths as rigidly main tain that the formula of Hahnemann, stimlia similibus curantur, is the only medical system which has any claim to scientific certainty. Medical electricians on the other hand practi cally discard .the treatment adopted by both the previous sections of tho medical profession, the fundamental principle of tlia school last men tioned being that diseaso is tho result of a defi cient supply of nerve force, and that it can alone be cured by. the assistance afforded, to the vis mediatrix naturte by artificially repairing waste' of tissue through tho medium of the magnetic battery. Happily tbo responsibility does not do-' volve upon us of arbitrating been these conflict ing parties, or of deciding what aro tlio distinctive' merits of each system, and their differences nro only referred to here in explanation of tho scepticism to bo mot in some quarters ns to whether materia medica rests strictly on a scientific foundation. The reply wo are justified iu makiug to cavillers against tho. science of medicine is twofold. In the first place, two-thirds of tho difficulty encountered even by the most learned nnd skilful' practitioners in dealing with patients lies in the diagnosis. Many ailments benriugalikencsstoeacli other in symptomspro- ceed from widely different causes, which require varied and lengthened experiment to identify. But when diseaso has beeu correctly iliag- nosccd it often happens that the remedy or regi men that maybe efficacious with ouo patient would prove ineffective or positively injurious with another, owing to peculiarities of constitu tion. Eacli human being may bo. roughly .con sidered, for the purposes of the present argu ment, asa bag of chemicals, and drags or dietetic administration adapted to bring about the re-; covory of one in whoso physical composition certain inherited chemical ingredients prepon derate may havo quite an opposite effect upon another. The truth is, that for the reasons stated, enlightened. -medical practice covers a vaster- area than any other science, and demands nn immensoly, higher range of mind, as woll as a more rare combination of talents, than would bo needed in the study and practice of almost any other department of science. . Horaco .re marks that tlio. poet "is bom, not made;" but with nob less .force docs tlio spirit of the saying apply to the doctor. If lie is not naturally endowed with quick and dolicate, percep tion to penetrate a set. of symptoms and trace thcui to their proper source noaniouiit of learning will serve as a substitute. But givoa the innate instinct or intuition — call the my slerious power what wo may — know ledge and experience will contribute most powerfully to its training, Expansion and gtiidnnco. The second answer to those- disposed to disparage medical science as. devoid of fixed principles nnd uuprogressivo in comparison with other sciences is, tlmt while from "the intensely complex nature of -the - subjects , tembraeed . in medicine it is unreasonable to "expect its de velopment to bo as rapid, as in the ease of other branches of knowledge, au unbiassed survey of its History during tho past two com lurics cannot fuii to .astonish, , if not satisfy, Rinfnent ISictm;: Their t.trcs aii'I Their. Work. tiv O. T. llclMmYSr.A. , F. I.S., a.-. iu3 VOL.," IIO. CM: 2u ..Linden : John Hogg, 1835 the. most incredulous. Medicine, however, ha! hitherto been unfortunate in its historians. " Aikin's Biographical Memoirs of Medieic ik instructive- as far as' it goes, but it is incom plete. Wo have to record much Hie snirio esti mate of Mncmichncl's Lives of British Physi cians nud Pottigrew's Medical Portrait Gal lery. Yet these have been the main sources of our information about eminent British medical men iu a condensed form. Munk's Roll of the College of Physicians is rich in details re specting tho members of that body, and it is somewhat strango that no author has over undertaken corresponding/sketches of members of tbo Eoyal College of Snrgeons, Twenty years ago Dr. Herbert Barker began, and Dr. Tindal Robertson continued, n scries of shorl biographies of living practitioners, and the medical press, as n rule, does amplo justice to memoirs of illustrious members of the pro fession at their decease, As for Mr. Cordy Jcf- fcarson's Book about Doctors , with its anec dotes of big fees, eccentric manners and semi- quackery, it only tends to bring medical men and their work into contempt, Mr. Bettany is the first to provide the profession an the uninitiated with biographical accounts of tho conspicuous lights in the healing brotherhood in tho United Kingdom, coupled with the original discoveries with which their 'names nro linked, in language fres from hard technical phraseology. A more in structive and yet pleasing modo of illustrating tho progress achieved by medical scionco il would be difficult to conceive. Only those who have made solid contributions to medical science have boon deemed by Mr. Bettany worthy ot recognition. The "mighty dead" minglo in his nnrrntive with tlfe>" illustrious living," al though it should bo stated that lie goes no further back in his narrative than the tiins of Henry VII. . It was in the reign of that monarch that the fonnder of British medicine was born. Thomas Linacre, the unchallenged bearer of that designation, drew his first'brcath in Canterbury in 1460. His gifts and attain ments recommended .him prominently to the notice of his sovereign, and he was appointed tutor and physician to Prince Arthur, the son of Henry VI. Previous to 1501, when he en tered upon the service of the Conrt, not nsinglc British physician had arisen of snch mark as to leave behind - him works of enduring value. Linacre taught Erasmus Greek; was the inti mate friend of More, who with Colet. was in cluded among his pupils. This great physician of his time lectured at Oxford, aud became > benefactor to the University, translated Aris totle's entire Works, and 'subsequently Galen's into Latin. To promote tho stady of medicin- ho founded two lectureships, one at Oxford aud another at Cambridge. But his highest claim to public gratitude in connection with the science to which lie was devoted was the found ing of tho noynl College of Physicians, solely at his own expense. He obtained letters patent from the Crown in 1518 for tlio purpose of in corporating all physicians fir Loudon into' orio faculty, with power to elect a president and to hold lands. AU practitioners within seven miles of the city who did not hold a licence from the collcgo were interdicted. Censors were chosen annually to conduct examinations, in medicine, punish offenders against the laws of the college, nud protect physicians from at tendance at assizes and inquests as jurymsn. They were aiso empowered to search for faulty apothecary wares, and it cannot be doubted that the institntion in question bus faithfully labored since its foundation to purge the pro fession of quacks, and.' diffuse among its members nil elovntod conception of their -work, without any undue interference with Iheir liberty. ' John Knve, better known by the Latin nam; of Cains, succeeded Linacre as President of tlio Rovnl College of Physicians; rind, like liis pre decessor, perpetuated his uama as a benefactor of his Alina Mater. Cains College, Cam bridge, remains to tills day a monument of bis liberality. Although he' did not progress very fur beyond Galenic principles in inedical science, Kayc was beyond his age in con demning excesses in eating and drinking, and in advising the frequent use of tlio bath aud of muscular exercise: lie informs 'ns tlint tlio reign ot quacks in his day was supremo with the multitude, and lie did not. conceal., liis in dignant repudiation of their vile nostrums. This army of impostors comprised " simple woineii, carpenters, ; pcwterers, braziers, soap ball1 sellers arid -apothecaries,, professing to iinvo come . from Poland, -Constanti nople, Italy, Germany, Spain,- France, Greece, Turkey, India, Egypt or Jiidoma," rind ;to " liavo -been-' 'in" tlio 'service of rayiiV personages' abroad'/ To Dr. Cains; or Kayo', belongs the distinction of having intro duced the' practico of dissection of tho human body in England, mid 011 his-rotiirn - from Italy lie gave -lessons' in practical anatomy' in tiio Barber Surgeons' Hall, .and' ivis instrumental in procuring n; grant from Queen Elizabeth empo.vcriug thc Royal College of Physicians to take riunnaliy tlio bodies of two criminals after oxecutiou for dissection, rind tho fellows were expected to give demonstrations arid- lectures in return. Soirie of his reinarks -on natural his tory in' his account' Of the Dog Called a Blood- /teuiirf-rovcal keen arid accurate powers of oh- 'servation, niid - not a fow: of ' his criticisms would ''not discredit tho pagcri of n modern naturalist journjl. -Numororis nro the- editions arid translations from' Galon, Colsas-aud-Uippo- catos, which" Dr. Cuius has oither published or loft in M.S. - Another M.I), renowned for origi nal -research about the middle of the sixteenth century wns William Gil icrt, \vlio 'for somo liiito was physician -to Qitccn Elizabeth. His hook On the Magncl, on Magnetic Bodies and the Great Alagnet of the Barth, directly imparted a stimulus to Galileo in the study of magnetism, and that great master described Gilbert as "great to a degree' that might bo envied." . . Contemporary with tho great authority oil magnetism referred to, was William Harvey, whoso immortal discovery of the circulation of the blood goes far of itself to redeem medicino from the slur which has I con unjustly cast upon it as a comparatively stngnnnt science. There is no exaggeration in the words of Dr. Parkes in his Unrveian oration, delivered less than ten r ears ago on 'Harvey's scientific achieve ments " When one examines with this dis covery of Harvey's, aud gradually recognises its extraordinary importance, lie cannot hut be seized with an urgent wish to know how tho mind which solved so great a problem was con stituted, how it worked, and liow it reached, not merely tho probability, but the certainty of a grand natural law. There was no accident about it — 110 help from what wo call chanco , it was worked out and thought out, point nftcr jioiut, until alb was clear as sunsliino in mid summer. Nor had it been anticipated." Harvey was appointed Lnriilcian lecturer at tho College- of Physicians iu 1615, aud in lhe following year he began to, unfold his novel views on the . . action of . the heart aud the circulation of the hlood, publishing them in 1628. It; need hardly be said that the originality of Harvey's views did not consist in the idea of the blood moving in the vessels. Shakspeare refers to a timely parted ghost — Of hshy semblance, meagre, pale and bloodless, Jlelng all descended to the laboring heart. Who, In the conflict which he holds with dentil, Attracts the same for aldnnco 'gainst tile enemy, ' Which with the heart there cools ami ne'er lei urilelll \- To blush and beautify the check again. Scrvotus, moro than 70 years before, had main tained that the Mood passes from the right side of the heart to the left through the lnngs, so that he most havo distinguished between Hie two kinds of hlood belonging respectively to arteries and veins. Ho lacked, however, know ledge of the forco by which tho blood Was im pelled into the arteries, the contractile functions of the heart being unknown to liiiu. Servetus ascribed the dilation to somo undiscovered cause in a Uicological work, which led to the author's death at Hie hands of that_ Mood thirsty persecutor, John Calvin, who burnt every copy he could find, tho work being only disinterred in 1694 by Sir Henry Wot ton. Fabricius, who taught Harvey anatomy, discovered the valves in the veins, nnd the effect produced by them. The marvel is that he should omit to take another step forward ; hut moro surprising still is it that Harvey, without tho modern microscope, should ,'liave reached so successfully the goal of his labors, in demonstrating the contraction and expansion of tho organ. He admits that with- ont the aid of vivisection he could never have .found out this long-kept secret of Hie corporeal (structure. So full of difficulties did ho find his task to ho that lie was almost tempted to thiuk with Fracastorius that " the motion of the heart was only to he comprehended by God." Anatomy, Harvey tells us, he did not lenru from hooks, but from dissection. But as with most great innovators bearing Hie torch of truth, Harvey's professional popularity received a decided check by the pablication of his new scientific convictions Tho ignorant and vulgar believed him to bo a victim of. brain softening, hut Charles I. retained him as his physician, and was attended by him at Edgchill and else where when 'fighting, with the Parliamentary army. Tho next great work accomplished by Harvey was to prove that all plants as well as animals are produced from ova, hut how with out the microscope lie could havo arrived at the conclusion that the simple germ grows by feed ing on matter, and is gradually transformed into the image of its parent, baffics comprehension. Not until more than a century afterwards did this important accession to scientific phenomena receive confirmation at the hands of Caspar Wolff ; and, indeed, it has required unotlicr century still to dovelop fully the applications of the germ theory. Mr. Bettany truly remurks : — " Harvey has Hie rare distinction of standing at tho head of threo departments of scienco in England— comparative anatomy, physiology, . aud medicine. When these scarcely existed lie evolved them into living form from chaos." hi the front rank of scientific practitioners stands Thomas Sydenham, whose labors were prominently directed to tho cure of ferers nnd sniall-jiox. At the very outsot of the trcutiso ho published in 1661, on Methods of Curing levers, is laid down tlio principle Hint discuso is an effort of nature to throw off mor bific matter and restore the healUi of the patient. At the same time ho appears to have forecast the modem discovery of bacteria, for ho ascribes the distinct varieties of fevers to .unknown modifications of atmospheric in fluences, But underneath external variations Sydenham evidently believed nature to he sub ject to fixed and uniform laws, for he says : " I am convinced that nature movos in a regular and orderly manner." Holding views so scientific it is not strange that lie should dc- nonueo without mercy the numerous quacks and medicine vendors of his day. Even at so early a stage of medical development Sydenham ap preciated and championed tho use of Peruvian bark, which, in the form of quinine, lins justified all his praise of it. The " expectant system" in medical treatment was formulated by him, Hie result being that his professional disciples aud successors, instead of rushing into the lia6ty prescription of drugs, awaited tlio evolution of symptoms that they might ho moro securely guided to tho proper antidote. Tho eulogy of Sydenham by Locke was well merited when ho described liiiu as "ono of tho master buildera of this time iu the commonwealth of learning." By many in his own age and tlio following ho was accounted second ofily to Hip pocrates, and' tho celohratcd Bocrliavo never mentioned him to his class without lifting his hat iu token of vencration.- Spaco precludes any detailed account, of tho Monros, Cnllen, the Gregorys and John Bell, tlio founders of tho Edinburgh school of mcdi cine. There was a school of anatomy in Edin burgh as early as the beginniug of U10 sixteenth century, and these men inherited, enhanced and perpetuated tlio famo of tho Scotch capital in this department and in the collateral region of nerve structure and distribution. Tho splendid results of anatomy applied to surgery by the Hunters, tho discovery of lymph vaccination as a prophylactic against small pox by Edward Jenner, the triumphs of Sir Astloy Cooper in tho nso of tho kuife, Marshall Hall's demonstration of reflex action iu the ner vous system, tho operations of Sir Benjamin Brodic, in subcutaneous surgery, tho analysis of kidney diseases by Addison and Bright, tlio new methods of surgery introduced by Liston, Syme nnd Lizars, and the wonderful mitigation of pain by anaesthetics associated with tho name of Sir James Y. Simpson aro all unavoidably passed over. The knowledge of ovariotomy for which wo arc indebted to Sir Spencer .. Welis, the efficient treatment of typhoid fever by Sir W. Jenner, the iihprovcd clinical system of which Sir Thomas 'Watson, Corrigan and Gull are tho authors, invested with romantic intc- rest .though they he, must also he omitted. Tho detection and treatment of mental disease on a scientific basis, allied wiUi tho labors of Conolly aud Mnudslcy, specialism in skin, throat, eye, and car diseases of which Sir Erasmus Wilson, and Moroll Mackenzie, Brudoncl Carter and Uinton are respectively representatives, merit consideration at length, and tlio art. of detecting poisons .which has been brought to such perfection by Christisou Swaiuo and Taylor would woll repay study. How tlio laws of health and the prevention of disease too have engaged tho attention of medical experts like Simou ought to he studied as proving beyond dispute that medicine is a progressive science. It is not so much the pro fession who are any longer stationary as the public, among -whom facilities ought to he available for making use of tho information which medical science has provided. 