Or, 5-arkness ami 3-aylf&h;£. 5C&APTER; Vni.— Richajid and Eoaa. ; * Oh, Mr. Arthur, you did come back,' and .forgetting, in her great jo y, thai Arthur was 'a gentleman, and she \ras a -vraiting-maid, j^Edithwoiuid her arms around his ne/St, and :3dseed hini twice ere he well knew what she wasdoin?. For an instant the haughty young man ;f elt a flush of insulted dignity, but it quickly jvanished. when he saw the tall fowa of tBdchard bending over the lifetle girl, and -heard him saying to her. ' Have you no .-welcoming kiss for me ? ' 'Yes, forty hnndred, if you like,' and in her delight Edith danced about the room like one insane. . Thrusting the. lockefc slyly into Arthur's &snd;, she whispered, ' I slept with her last night, and dreamed St -was not the first time either. Will yon ?5Lsk her when you. see her if she ever knew * Yes, yes,* he answered, making a gesture .for her to stop as Richard was about to Bpeak. * Edith,' said Richard, winding his arm around her, * Edith, I have come to take you home — to take you to Collingwood to live with me. Do you wish to go ?* ^ * Ain't there ghosts at Collingwood ?' asked Edith, who, now that what she most desired was just within her reach, began like every human being to* see goblins in the path. * Ain't there ghosts at Colling wood ? — a little boy with golden curls, and most I sleep in the chamber with him.' ' Poor child,' said Richard, ' you too, have heard that idle tale. Shall I tell you of the boy with golden hair ?' and holding her so dose to him that he could feel the beating of her heart and hear her soft, low breath ing, .he told her all there was to tell of his half-brother Charlie, who died just one day after his young mother, and was buried in the same coffin. They could not return to Collingwood that slight, and the evening was spent in the private parlor which Arthur engaged for himself and his blind friend. It was strange how fast they grew to liking each other, and it was a pleasant sight to look at them as they sat there in the warm firelight which ike lateness of the season made necessary to their comfort — the one softened . and toned dowrt by affliction and the daily cross he was comp&lled; to bear, the other in. the first flush of youth when the , world lag all bright before him and he had pLaught to'afe, but enter the Elysian 6eida and pluck the fairest flowers. It was late when they separated, but at a comparatively early hour the nexi morning they assembled again, this time to bid good bye, for their paths hereinafter lay in dif ferent directions. * You must write to me, little metaphy ' sica,' said Arthur, as with hat and shawl in hand he stood in the depot on the east side of the Hudson. 'Yes, rejoined Richard, 'she is to be be my private amanuensis, end shall let yon know of our welfare; and now, I suppose, we must go.* It was a very pleasant ride to Edith, pleasanter than when she came with Arthur, but a slight headache made- her drowsy, and caning on Richard's arm she fell asleep, nor woke until West Shannondale was reached. The carriage was in waiting for them, and Victor sat inside. He had come ostensibly to meet his master, but really to see the kind of specimen he was bringing to the aristocratic halls of Collisgwood. Long and earnest had been the discus sion there concerning the little lady; Mrs. Matson, the housekeeper, sneering rather contemptuously at one who heretofore had been a servant at Brier HilL Victor, on the contrary, stood ready to espouse her cause, thinking within, himself how he would teach her many points of etiquette of which he knew she must necessarily be ignorant ; huh firstly he would, to use his own expres sion, ' see what kind of metal she was made of.' Accordingly his first act At the depot was «to tread upon her toes, pretending he did ?not see her, bat Edith knew he did it pnr posely, and while her black eyes blazed with anger, ehe exclaimed, I * You wretch, how dare you be so rude?' Assisting Richard into the carriage, Yietor I fvas about to turn away, leaving Edith to ' 'take care of herself, when, with all rlie air ;t-f a queen, she said to him, 4 Help me in, sir. Don't you knowyour !*-usines*?' : ? : . ' '' -' / \ ..'. ';;; '.Pardcniiez taoi,' returned Victor, speak-. ing in his mother tongue, and bowing low ! to JhiB indignant child, whom :he helped to -* ^eat by Richard. Am hour's drive brought them to the gate of Gollingwood, and Edith was certainly par I . donable if she did cast a glance of exultation ; in the direction of IJrief Hill, as they wound I ;?ip the gravelled road and through the hand I !«oiBtg grounds of what henceforth was to be I :her1iqme. ,.'..- ..';.'? : '. ..'''''?'- I- * I guess Mrs. Atherton wHlbesprry she I acted so,' she thought, and sbe was even I -revolving -the expediency of putting on airs I and riot speaking to her former mistress,' I -whenthe carriage stopped and Viofser^p-. I peared at the window all attention, and' I ! asking if he should ' assist Miss Hastings I -to alight.' , '??;.? I Ixt the dcrar Mrs. Slatsonwa* waiting to I r receive them, rubbing her gold-bo wed jspec I tacles and strolang her heaVy^ silk with aa I ? ? i air ' .wjiicli' v ^oijld/ ''ibL&vpr;/v ajred'-, a^cfitlit I- tless .'-;B^HiuBSBjred:;'iiIiaa^'JBdiffir '^Tllfoifcijig: I .-' grand or -elega^^ewnedi^r^B^^M I [ally as. if it wer»/lier native element, anfl I bow ss she stepped. Ta^ont\xe ;^»^l^'flpor;|»|: I 1«tte,«i£lairaii^ him, carrying him back to the bills of Ger many. . Mrs. Miatson , looked shookeS, Yicior Hmused, while the sensible driver muttered to himself is he gathered up his r«ins, * That galls jest whaft Collingwood needs to keep it from being a dungeon.' Mrs. Matson had seen Edith at Brier Hill, but ihis did not prevent 3ier from ft close adratiny as she conducted her to the large, handsome chamber which Richard in his hasty directions oi the. previous morn ing hafl eaid was to be hers, and which with its: light, Ifeasfeefej furniture, crimson curtains, and -cheerful, blazing fire, seemed to the delighted child «, second paradise. Clapping her hands she danced about the apartment, screaming, * It's the jolliesfc place I ever was in.' , . ' What do you mean by that word jolly ?' asked Mrs. Matson, with a great deal of dignity ; but er*» Edith could reply, Victor, who came up with the foreign chest, chimed in, 'She mesons pretty, liadame Matson, and understands French, no doubt. Paries vous Francois? and he turned to Edith, who, while recognising something familiar in the sound, felt sure he was making fun of her and answered back, ' Parlez voo fool \ 111 tell Mr. Harrington how you tease me.' Laughing aloud at her reply, Victor put the chest in its place, made some remark concerning its quaint appearance, and bowed himself from the room, saying to her as he shut the door, 4 jBori soir Mademoiselle.1 e I'veh^ardthatkindof talkbefore,' thought Edith, as she began, to brush her hair, pre paratory to going down to supper, which Mrs. Matson said was waiting. At the table she met with the old man, who had seen her alight from the carriage, and had asked the mischievous Victor, * VTho was the small biped Richard had brought home ?' t 'That,' said Victor. 'Why, that is Charlie turned into a girl.' And pre posterous as the idea seemed, the old man seized upon it afc once, smooth ing Edith's hair when he saw her, tapping her rosy cheeks, calling her Charlie, and muttering to himself of the wonderful pro cess which had transformed his fair- haired boy into a dark-haired girl. j Sometimes the utter impossibility of the j thing seemed to penetrate even his darkened ! mind, and then he would whisper. ' I'D make believe it's Charlie, any way,' so Charlie he persisted in calling her, and Richard en couraged him in this whim, when he found how much satisfaction it afforded the old! man to ' make believe.' ! The day following Edith's arrival at Collingwood there was a long consultation between Richard and Victor concerning the little girl, about whose personal appearance the former would now know something definite. 'How does Edith Hastings look?' he asked; and after a moment of grave de liberation, Victor replied : ' Sbe has a fat round face, with regular features, except that the nose turns up some what after the spitfire order, and her mouth is a trifle too wide. Her forehead is not very high — it would not become her style if it were. Her hair is splendid — thick, black, and glossy as satin, and her eyes — there are not wordg enough either in the French or English language with which to describe her eyes — they are so bright and deep that nobody can look into them long without wincing. I should say, sir, if j put on oath, there was a good deal of the deuce in her eyes.' *When she is excited, you mean,' in terrupted Richard. 'How are they in re pose?' * They are never there,' returned Victor. ' They roll and turn and flash and sparkle, and Light upon one so uncomfortably, that he begins to think of all the badness he ever did, and so wonder if those coals of fire can't ferret out the whole thing.* ' I like her eyes,3 said Richard, ' but go on. Tell me of her complexion.' ' Dark, of course,' continued Victor. ' but smooth as glass, with just enough of red in it to make rouge unnecessary. On the whole I shouldn't wonder if in seven or eight years' time she'd be as handsome as the young lady of Collingwood ought to be.' 'How should she be dressed?' asked Richard, who knew that Victor's taste upon such matters was infallible, his mother and sister both having been Paris mantua makers. ' She should have scarlet and crimson and dark blue trimmed with black,' said Victor, adding that he presumed Mrs. Atherfcon would willingly attend to those matters. Richard was not so sure ; but he thought it worth the while to try, and he that night dispatched Victor to Brier Hill with a re quest that she would, if convenient, call upon him at once. ''Don't tell her what I want,' he said, *I wish to surprise her with a sight of Edith.' Victor promised obedience, and set off for Brier Hill,, where he found no, one but Rachel, sitting before the kitchen fire, and. watching tho-~big: red apples roasting upon the hearth. : ' ? . -*: *-Miss' Grace had started that morning1 for New.Yorkj'-she said, 'and the l^rd only knew when she'd come home.' .?-??? 4 And as he probably won't tell, I may, as well go back,* i-efcuraed Victor, and bid ding Rachel send her; mistress 1» CoiJing ?wood as soon as she should return, he bewed. himself from the room, r As Rachel said, Grace had gone to JSTew York, and the object of her going was to repair- the wrong done to Edith Hastings by taking her a second time from the asylum,' and bringing her back to Brier Hiii. T3ay ?'? and night the child's parting .words. ' You'll be sorry sometime,' rang in her ears, until she could endure it no longer, and she'' astonished the ' delighted Rachel by announcing her intention of going after ^belittle girl. With lier^tp mil. .was to do, and while Victor was -reporting her ab sence to bin Blaster, she, half -distracted, wiis * Hse not been here afc all. and iave not heard -from? her ^iiher ! What ^an^'ft' paean/?-'^;. ; ?;? : '? ?' -::,V.,Z~'. .,.? .-'?/?; ,'.',-'-'~- v i TheaiatroAconld -i^^^taAiaiewrti^ da-vs - ^iwee/.'Jmg^reji .' -m(' the:;; c|ijv,:-lj|-^ig; A^r^ur .would 'appear jjbut as he. failed h- do ihis,-she *t!asfc «rojbe:jki iiiia-at 'jIMnf^^aijtjfii' ISieHi^&^a^tBajSj ; j^^isaiffl state of jnindi re.-: i poxn&i; ^iaia^^ndale^ ^oigxl^^rMi^'j9^ mentioned the names of every one, save Victor, end then tried very hard to thank ' who that 'tother ohfc was. She knoWed there iBos somebody else, 'but for the life -of herjshe couldn't' — Rachel did Bat quite dare to tell so- gross a falsehood, and so at this point she concluded to ifftwt&j; and added sud denly, * Oh; yes, I remember feow: - * Tw&s; that tall, long-haired, scenfced-up, big-feeliil: man they call Squire Herrin'ton^ vally.' 'Victor Dupres been here !' and Grace's face lighted perceptibly. \ * Yes, he , said vwuee-eer, 'or somethin' like that — zneanin' the squire, in course — -? wanted you to come up thar as soon -as you got home, arid my 'pinion is that you go to oncet. 'Twont be dark this good while.' , Jfbthing could be more in accordance with Grace's feelings than to folio wRachel's advice, and half an hour later Victor reported to his master thai the carriage from Brier Hill had stopped before their door. It would be impossible to describe Mrs'. Atherton's astonishment when, on entering the parlor, the first object that met her view was her former waiting maid, attired in the crimson merino which Mrs. Matson, Lulu, the chambermaid, and Victor had gotten up between them ; and which, though not the best fit in the world, was, in color, exceedingly becoming to the dark-eyed child, who, perched upon the niusic-stooL was imitating her own operatic songs to the infinite delight of the old man, nodding-his approval of the horrid discords. ' Edith Hastings !' she exclaimed, ' What are you tloing here ?' Springing from the stool and advancing towards Grace, Edith replied, 'I. live here. I am Mr. Richard's little erirL I eat at the table with him. too. and don't have to wash the dishes either. I'm going to be a lady just like you, ain't I, Mr Harrington !' and she turned to Richard, who had entered in time to hear the hist of her remarks. There was a world of love in the sightless eyes turned toward the little girL and by that token, Grace Atherton knew that Edith had spoken truly. ' Run away, Edith,' he said, ' I wish to talk with the lady alone.' Editli obeyed, and when she was gone^ Richard explained to Grace what geeined to her 60 mysterious, while sbe in return con fessed the injustice done to the child, and told how she had sought to repair the wrong. ' I am glad yon have taken her,' she said. * She will be happier with you than with me, for she likes you best. . I think, too, she will make good use of any advantages you may give her. She has a habit of observing closely, while her powers of imitation are unsur passed. She is fond of elegance and luxury, and nothing, can please her more than to be an equal in a house like this. Bat what do you wish of me 'i What can I do to assist you?1 In a few words Richard stated his wishes' that she should attend to Edith's wardrobe, saying he had but little faith in Mrs. Matson's taste. He could not have selected a better person' to spend his money than Grace, who while purchasing nothing out of place, bought always the most expen sive articles in. the market, and when at last the process was ended, and the last dress maker gone from Collingwood, Victor, with a quizzical expression npon his face, handed his master a bill for five hundred dollars, that being the exact amount expended upon Edith's wardrobe. But Richard .uttered rip word of complaint. During the few weeks she 'had lived with him she had crept away down into his heart, jost where Charlie used to be, and there was nothing in his power to give which he would withhold from her now. She would have the best of teachers, he said, particularly in music, of which she was passionately fond. Accordingly, in less than a week there came to ColMngwood a Boston governess armed and equipped with all the accom plishments of the day ; and beneath the supervision of Richard and Victor, Grace Atherton, and Mrs. Cfaappen, TSdith's edu cation began. (TO BE COSTIN-0ED.) 