OUR WATER SUPPLY. On Saturday morning Mr. Henry Hudson, of the firm Hudson Brothers, who have contracted to send a temporary supply of water, amounting to 3,000,000 gallons, daily, into the Botany reservoir within a period of four months, paid a visit to the head works now in course of construction at the Cataract, Nepean and Cordeaux rivers, lying to the south and south-west of Campbelltown, at distances ranging from 13 io 17 miles. Several other gentleman took advan- tage of the opportunity to inspect the works.Mr. Hutchin- son, M.L.A., Mr. Ahearn, a contractor for portion of the permanent works, and a representative of the Herald left town by the 8.30 train in the morning, and at the Cataract river the party was joined by Mr. Humphery, M.L.A. Campbelltown was reached shortly before 10 o'clock, and the remainder of the journey was negotiated by means of a buggy and a saddle horse. Very pleasant was the trip through the keen bracing air, untainted with factory smoke and soot, and laden here and there with the delicate perfume of the wattle. Just after leaving Campbelltown the party crossed a little bridge where the Wollongong and Camden roads join, which has a close intimacy with a ghastly murder, the recollection of which has been perpetuated in the well-known story of Fisher's Ghost, as errie a tale as over was told by Lefanu or Poe. Very many years ago a well-to-do resldent of Campbelltown disappeared, and it is related that in the dusk his ghost waa seen several times at the bridge referred to. The police were communicated with, and black trackers set to work. Some marks were found at the spot where the ghost frequented, and these vvere tracad lo a-deep pool in which was found the body of Fisher. Other facts were brought to light, which proved that a foul murder had been committed, and the murderer was discovered and hanged. The narrative is becoming embellished with each succeeding year, and the rising gene- ration begin to doubt it altogether. Another object of in- terest on the road was the house in which formerly resided the man by whom the ghost was seen. The waylay through rather hilly country, wooded with spotted gum and iron bark. As far back as 50 years ago some of this land was under cultivation, having been cleared by convict labour. ln several parts of the district there are portions of the old convict stockades still standing, mute records of those horrors filling the pages of " His Natural Life," which make one doubt whether there was not a worse use to put a man to than hang him. The ironbark trees average fiom nine to 12 inches in diameter, and yet it is reckoned that they are at least 40 years old. Nine miles fiom Campbelltown lies the quaint little village of Appin. The building material is a dusky white or light brown sandstone, similar to what is used in many of the hamlets in South Australia. Appin was prosperous a generation back, but as its agricul- tural resources declined evil times overtook it, and there is now but little left to denote its former flourishing condition. It contains two little churches, one of which is said to be amongst the oldest in the colony. The mentor of the party was, however, uncertain which was the one. Four miles beyond Appin lie the head works of the future water supply of Sydney at a bend in the Cataract river. Mr. T. Keele, district engineer here, took the party under his care, and in- structed them with regard to the works. As our readers are aware, there are two sets of works under way at pro sent- those for the permanent supply, which will require another l8 months to complete; and those for the temporary supply, just commenced, which have to be finished in four months' time. For the latter the permanent works -will be used as for as possible, but the fol- lowing eight creeks-Simpson's, Elladale, Ousedale, Mullaly, Leaf's, Nepean, Woodhouse, and Menangle, - which run through steep gorges, have to be crossed with 36-inch pipes laid in the shape of an inverted siphon down one slope and up the other. None of these pipes are yet laid. Half-a-mile from Guilford station the temporary works again join on to the permanent works, and for the former tressels reaching to a height of 80 feet, where the ground dips most, will be erected to carry an opon gal- vanised iron flume five feet broad by two feet six inches deep. At Ettinger's the fall becomes too great, and a small reservoir will receive the water there. A line of 86-inch pipes will then take the water across the head of the Duck river to Pott's Hill. Here the size of the pipes will de- crease to 224 inches, and they will follow the Liverpool road through Marrickville, discharging into the Botany dam. For the permanent works along the gorges referred to the 36-inch cast-iron pipes will be replaced by wrought iron pipes having the enormous diameter of eight feet. The contract for supplying them has been let in England. When the permanent works are completed the water will come to Sydney in the following manner. It will enter an open canal from the Cataract tunnel, through which the whole supply will be discharged into it. This canal will be 12 feet 8 inches wide and 10 feet deep, and will have a carrying capacity of 155,000,000 gallons daily : only 2,000,000 less than London received in 1881. It will then enter Devine's tunnel, which is half a mile in length, and flow thence into another open canal. After this it is taken through the Sugar Loaf-hill tunnel, which had to be bricked throughout, owing to the occurrence of shale, which is friable, and does not stand well against water. The Mount Annan tunnel is the next, and near it the last of the gorges referred to previously is met with. Several other tunnels and canals succeed, and finally a somewhat smaller canal of trapezoid section enters the Prospect reser- voir 43 miles from the mouth of the tunnel, at the junction of the Nepean and Cordeaux rivers. The reservoir will not be completed for the next five years, but in the meantime the supply will be taken along past the retaining wall in 42-inch pipes, whioh will have a carrying capacity of 12 million gallons daily. These pipes will br removed when the other portions of the permanent works are finished. Below the reservoir the discharge through the trapezoid canal will be equal to 55 million gallons daily, the fall being one foot in a mile. This canal is four miles in length, and ends about half a mile from the Guilford station. Thence the water will be taken by pipe services to a reservoir at Petersham and to the Crown-street reservoir. For the permanent scheme the sum of £1,078,000 was voted in 1880. Last year an additional half-million sterling was grunted, and it is believed that it will take three-quarters of a million more to finish the works. The temporary scheme will cost the colony be- tween £60,000 and £70,000. The present charge by meter is 2s. per 1000 gallons, and presuming that the whole of the three million gallons to be supplied daily by this scheme is used, this would return in one year £100,500, or nearly £50,000 over and above the outlay. The head works are more easily described and understood than the service works. Close to the junction of the Nepean Cordeaux Rivers a wall of masonry collects the waters of the combined streams, which will send 60,000,000 gallons daily through a tunnol into the Cataract River, where there is a second retaining wall. The Cataract River adds another 30,000,000 gallons, and the collected 90,000,000 is then poured through a second tunnel into the canals and cuttings to which we have already referred. The party alighted at the Cataract, and inspected the surrounding country. There is a very fine view down the stream below the works, where the water disappears like a silvery thread in a dark wooded gorge covered with peppermint, whitethorn, and wattle. In every, direction there are immense outcrops of sandstone, which is utilised for the works. A steep and devious track leads down to the water level. Across the river bed runs a retaining wall 320 fert in length, 15 foot high above the rock, with a foundation extending down an addi- tional l8 feet 6 inches. The greatest breadth of the wall at the bottom is 21 feet, and this lessens to 6 feet on top. The watershed from which the supply is collected here is 8½ square miles in extent, for the Cataract River alone, and 354 square miles including the Nepean and Cordeaux Rivers. The escape valve, which is 3 feet in diameter, was shut and opened while the party were present, and Mr. Keele estimated that the outflow amounted to 31 million gallons daily, or nearly six times as much as has over been supplied to Sydney. On one side of this wall is the tunnel leading from the Nepean and Cordeaux Rivers, and on the other is the discharge tunnel running under Cataract Hill. The latter was inspected first, and it might he men- tioned that the two tunnels and retaining walls are now perfectly ready for use for the water supply. The tunnel was boarded up in order to keep the water out of it until required, but Mr. Keele ordered the boards to be pulled back, and a view was then had of the interior. The tunnel runs through sandstone and shale, and is a mile and three quarters in length, its dimensions being 10 feet 6 inches 8 feet 6 inches. It was commenced about June or July, 1880, and was finished about May, 1884. Its carrying capacity is 155,000,000 gallons daily. Rails have been laid along the tunnel for a distance of 6700 feet, and will be continued for the whole length so as to allow of trucks being run along for repairing purposes. This tunnel was cut from both ends, and the error amounted to only half-an inch in line, and a quarter of an inch in level. The fall is 8 feet 6 inches to the mile. Crossing over the retaining wall, the party came to the mouth of the Nepean tunnel, as it may be called for brevity. It was commenced from both ends in January, 1880. and was finished in May, 1885. It is four miles and a-half in length, and is the longest in the southern hemisphere. Six trial shafts were put doyvn along the line, varying in depth from 320 to 210 feet. Tho greatest distance between any two; is 4300 feet and the intervening cutting was calcu- lated from a 12-foot base, the error amounting to only five eighths of an inch in line mid quarter of an inch in level. The tunnel is one foot smaller each way than that through the Cataract Hill, but its discharge will not exceed 97 million gallons daily. Some small coal seams were cut in the workings, and a fossil tree, 20 feet in length, was also found at a depth of over 300 foot below the surface. It was decided to enter the Nepean tunnel, so the party took their seats in the trucks, which are similar to those used in quartz mines and travel on iron rails. Each one was provided with a lighted candle, and after an injunction to sit firm, the horse attached to the trucks was started at a smart walk. The driver walked alongside through water which averaged from 6 to 12 nd 15 inches in depth. The journey was continued for about a mile, up to where there are some faulty spots caused by the occur- rence of shale. Timber has been used to keep the roof up, but it is probable that the water will quickly rot it away, and more shale will then drop and, possibly, block the tunnel. It would, perhaps, be preferable to line these parts with hydraulic cement or brickwork. After a short stay, the horse was brought round to the other end of the trucks, and the return journey made, the driver, in lieu of a whip, stimulating the animal by pelting him with pieces of sandstone, which were deftly picked up without losing stop. On reaching the open air the visitors were told that the water was over the top of the tunnel at the other end, and there was only some two-inch planking keeping it back. "Where igno- rance is bliss," &c.; The buggy and a second saddle-horse of evil propensities were then brought into requisition, and a visit was paid to the head-works of the Nepean and Cor- deaux Rivers. The locality is called the Pheasant's Nest, on account of an appropriate ornithological discovery. From the top of a precipitous gorge an excellent view can be ob- tained of the works. A retaining wall has been built across the combined streams, 200 feet in length, with a convex curve towards the flow having a radius of 250 feet. It is 14 feet high in the centre and is 6½ feet wide across the top. The escape valve was open at the time, and a stream of water equal to 60 000,000 gallons daily, was running through it down the river bed. It is here that the water of the two rivers is turned into the tunnel, whence it issues in the Cata- ract River, When the recent heavy rains fell the water rose eight feet over the retaining wall. The inlet aperture of the tunnel will be closed by means of a heavy valve worked from above with a winch. This concluded the inspection, and the party then returned to the Cataract River. After a brief stay they drove back in the waning day to Camp- belltown, through quiet old fashioned Appin, through the timber-covered land where wheat grew 50 years ago, back past the house where dwelt the favoured interviewer of Fisher's ghost, over the little bridge where the wraith had sojourned, past the house in which according to tradition the victim had lived, and so into the township, just as the crimson of the daylight was fading into dusk. 