A Masher's Cyclopaedia. A youug society man, with more braiqs than the general run of sbakers of the nimble heel, iB preparing a private directory for the use of his fellow-toilers in tb'e Melbourne drawing-rooms. It is to be en titled, "Girls I.know, and how to interest them." Looking over theadvance sheets of this curious, little volume, we are profoundly affected by the philosophy itspageB evince. An extract will give an idea, of the plan on which the work is constructed : . Lettie A.—Read up pa flowura. Be strong oh Maichel Kiel roseB. Dose' her up witJli tulips; anecdotes of early violets. BuJ-di straying frosts highly acceptable. ■ . .Maggie B.—Books; novels of sensation. Head up " Leavenworth Case," " liouse on tae Marsh," and "Great Porter Square Mystery." Hint about mysterio us murders soon to be made public. Harrow her. Maggie, wouldn't give a cent, for one who can't barrow her. Ghost experience in de serted church yards always acceptable. Plenty of blood and spooks. Sadie C.—Poetry. Give her Tennyson. Compare her to Clara Vere.de Vere. Give her a few stanz&B; of "Licksly Hall." Go light on " Maud " and " Idyls of the King." Slick to the lyrics. Tell her she reminds you of Blaine," or " Vivian," and wish you were " Merlin." Alice D.—Lawn Tennis. Bun down cro quet. Alice bas snide ankles. Mamie E.— Scandal. Don't be afraid of' going too lar. Mamie hates widows. . Was cutoutoniie by a'widbw and engagement spoiled'. Say widows ought to be banished from the society of ud married people ana put on a restsrvat-ion. The harder you lean on the widows the more- Mamie will like you. Annie F.—Platonics ; brotherly love; ab horrence of. llircation. Lay it on strong. Mourn for a sister that died in her cradle. Aunie will cotton to you at once. Say you wish you had a sister like her. The odds are she'll invite yon to love her as a sister. Don't refuse invitation to lunch. Old F.'s ■' claret can't be beat, and there's always a chance for a small drop of fizz. Kittie S.—Be rompiBh. Squeeze her hand. Kittie likes fellows with no non sense about them. If you don't manage to kisB her before you go, she'll set you down as a muff, and you needn't call again. Hug' lier every chance you get. Don't mention B.'s name ; he jilted Kitty. The advantages of thig work are simply incalculable. 