SOCIALITIES. SYDNEY TOPICS. Br BA.VA.RD. Although Sir Peter Scratch ley wns not nearly so long with us as he was with you, yet during the time he was occupied iu per fecting our defence works, he succeeded in winning the respect and attachment of a large number of our best people. To these the sudden shock of his death from an attack of New Guinea fever, has come like a per sonal bereavement, There will be an inter colonial mourning for this distinguished soldier, whom we expected to have with us, as the representative of Great Britain on oui extreme northern frontier for many years to come. You in Victoria have known him as a friend for a quarter of a century at least, and if he had a domicile in these colonies it was in Victoria. Hia connexion with New South Wales is of much later date, but I doubt whether our appreciation of his great services or our personal esteem of the man himself could have been enhanced by a longer familiarity. The death of his old Woolwich schoolfellow and friend of more than 30 years standing, has been a great blow to our acting-commandant, Colonel Roberts, who up to Wednesday last had no idea that Sir Peter's attack of fever was likely to have a fatal issue. The first telegram from Cook town was from the general himself, and told Colonel Roberta of his attack, that be was going on to Sydney in the Governor Blackall, and requesting that rooms might be taken for him and Lady Scratchley, who, being then in Melbourne, was to be communicated with by his friend. The next telegram was received by Colonel Roberts only a few hours later on the same day, and while he was at tending to the commissions. It was from Mr. Fort, the General's private secretary, and announced his death on board the Governor Blackall, between Cooktown and Towns ville. So passes away in the prime of life for Sir Peter Scratchley could hardly have been much more than 50 years old, and just as his extrordinary faculty of organisation had begun to display itself on the grand lield of Imperial administration-a man of the highest soldierly renown, Crimean and Indian, a master of his profession, and en dowed with almost unrivalled tact and readiness in applying his knowledge; the first Governor of British New Guinea, and the first to fall a victim to the duty of govern ing the most pestilential possession of the British Crown. One Parliament has begun tlje melancholy business of placing on record the public loss sustained by the Iligh Commissioner's death, and of commis sioning the Speaker to express its condolence with Lady Scratchley. It will be a day to be remembered - a repeti tion of that spectacle when the Pearl, carry ing the dead body of Commodore Goodenough, her yards all tossed about in confusion, a lioating hearse rather than a man-of-war, steamed sadly into the harbour, bearing news which, in the course of a few minutes, transformed Sydney into a city of mourners. Grief for the departed is a sorry prepara tion for a joyful reception of the living, whether the persons to be welcomed be Lord and Lady Carrington, or Captain Kverill and his band of explorers. Nevertheless, on Saturday, December 12, if the good ship Carthage is punctual to the appointments made for her, there is sure to be a great throng of Sydney folk of all sizes and de grees at the Circular Quay to cheer the arriv ing Governor and his wife, and to follow them up Bridge-street on their way to Government-house, supposed now to be very nearly ready (if it could only be made large enough) for the reception of its new in mates. On Thursday the Government steamer Thetis, with Sir Edward Strickland as presi dent of the Geographical Society and a goodly phalanx of members and wellwishers, went down the harbour to meet the Elamang, towing the Bonito, at the Heads, with Cap tain Everill and the othet members of the New Guinea expedition, on board, as you know, safe, sound, unmassacred, and, with the exception of one or two on whose faces the mark of malarious fever was still apparent, looking as if they were more likely to devour any hostile Papuan that fell across their path than to be devoured by him. After the captain, accompanied by Dr.Bernaya, and (I think} Dr. Haacke, got on board the Thetis, they were all taken to Watson's Bay to land and be photographed, and go through all the bewil derment of band-shaking and incoherent welcoming usual on such occasions. Then when the muscles of their legs had been unloosed by a little exercise ashore, they reassembled on the quarter deck of the Thetis, and were pleasantly harangued by Sir Edward, who can make as pretty a little speech and let himself -out as vivaciously "as here sad there one." After him the Victorian repre sentatives of the society offered their con gratulations. and then it became time to un cork. Captain Everill's tongue was looser in Sydney harbour than in Brisbane, and, under the exhilarating influence of the surroundings and the encouragement of the president, he gave a very lively epitome of his voyage up the Fly and the Strickland. According to the captain, the Arthur Gordon t&uee; of mountains, marked on the map of New Guinea in the vicinity of the junction of the Strickland and Fly, does not exist There is no such range, but far away north and north west there were two chains of mountains of great altitude. The captain was per mitted juBt to gaze at this Promised Land, like Moses from Pisgah. The whale boat party got abort of provisions, and, not caring to appropriate any of the villagers' porkers, they agreed that it was time to return to the stranded Bonito, 90 miles down the Strickland, and 400 miles irom the mouth of the Fly. The zoological captures of the party seem restricted to oue large kingfisher, not as big as a laughing jackass, nor so merry, but considerably mere attractive. So far, there is nothing startling in the way of wonders Irom this Dark Island -as somebody very aptly names it No land good for settlement, no gold or silver 01 diamonds, no huge quadrupeds or ser ents-in fact, nothing but pigs and angaroos and Papuans, " with very large noses of the Jewish type," were seen. In my last letter I predicted anthropological discoveries, if you remember-those lost 10 tribes, to wit, or rather their exceedingly remote and rather depraved posterity. Now it turns out that, in addition to the very sig nificant pig, the natives own " large noses of the Jewish type." Q.J3.D.-If there is any decent reward for this discovery of lost rela tions, the eucalypts are the detectives' who have earned it. And it is Jhe only J*18" covery which has resulted from the _ Ideo graphical , Society's expedition. Aloha J The New Zealand Union Steamship Com pany, contractors for the new matl.service to San Francisco, warmed the pipes of their beautiful new ship, the Mararoa, on Thurs day last, and about 300 guests assisted at the ceremony. She is certainly a magnificent achievement of the murine architect and en gineer, and is an honour in every way to her owners. l.Jut it is a pity that no better bap tismal name f an Mararoa could have been discovered. We have already a " Maranoa," a line ship, too, belonging to the Queensland .Strain Company, and the similarity of the names will be very troublesome, not to speak of ilie harshness of collecting so many vowels and semi vowels in one word. Apart from Iht name, however, the pioneer ship of this enterprising company is every-j tiling thatthemobtexactingcritic coulddesire. We thought it was a great thing many years ago, when the A.S.N, "Company were able to place one of their ships (the City of Adelaide) 011 the .San Francisco line on the occurrence of an emergency. But the City of Adelaide compares with the Mararoa as a Cobb's coach to a Pulman car. The trial trip was satis factory in every way, and especially in the matter of speed, 15 knots having been indi cated when the engineers "let her out" Mr. Mills, the company's managing director, and the company itself, received a genuine ova tion on ilie return home. The Mararoa met the Klatnang with the little Bonito in tow, and welcomed the explorers on board by running a ring rcund tUem, and screaming an unearthly serenade from the Syren-a kind of music which ought to be reserved for the cannibals of New Guinea. If the true measure of our prosperity as a people could be got at by going into our Jaw courts and taking note of the business done there, one would be disposed to say that at this moment we are a very prosperous com munity. Business may be as slack in the circuit towns as the most disappointed or un appreciated junior is always declaring it to be, but tiie case is very different in Sydney. Law teems to flourish here in all its complex blood (or rather money) letting departments. Indeed, there is too much legal work for the judges to get through, and too much alto gether for our present court accommodation. I'ruhably not too much for the profession, for to suppose that would be an absurdity on the iV.«> ut it-, but more than enough for those who have to expound the law in the most dismal and malodorous courts in all Austra lia. During the past few weeks this dearth of judges and court room has been made the subject of public complaint by Mr. Darley, Q. 0., in the Legislative Council, and after wards by the judges themselves in the Banco Courts The legal and judicial remedy is more appeal courts and new quarters. One judge threw out a suggestion that the Government might appropriate the unfinished hospital buildings in Macquarie-street for the i superior courts. Those buildings are the commencement of a splendid palace for the sick and wounded on the barrack system, intended by the directors of the Sydney Hospital to throw into the shade Sir Alfred lioberts's Prince Alfred Hospital, near the University ; but they stuck fast at the first story for want of Government funds, and, to all appearances, will get 110 further ahead during the present century. I believe they have already cost some £70,000, and people have been wondering for the last two or three years whether it was a judicious ex penditure on what seems to be intended merely as a picturesque ruin. But as Dr. Renwiek is now a member of Parliament, he is expected to extricate this gigantic hobby of his from its present discreditable plight. The suggestion of Judge Innes is not un likely to wake up the little doctor to the gravity of the situation. I don't think that Parliament will sanction the appointment of more Supreme Court judges. Outside the precincts of that court the general impression is that five judges ought to be enough to master the "superior " litigation of a colony not yet numbering a million inhabitants, even supposing the proportion of litigants per million of souls to be thrice as large as it is in England or America. The appeal business of the Supreme Court is doubtless very heavy, and if. as is said, there are some 20 equity appeals n iwon the list, some of them a year old, it would seem that a Chancery euitor in Xew South Wales is a person to be commiserated as it he were in England. By the way, these appellate functions of our Court were exercised a few days ago in favour of a gentleman who is not altogether unknown by the small section of your com munity which cultivates that queer delusion advertised as " freethought" Thomas Walker, like your Joseph Symes, would soon yield up his ghost if his frantic efforts to extract notoriety had only the success they deserve. Mr. Walker has lately taken to the business of a physiological demonstrator, at Is. 6d. a head.. The blasphemy business was not running well, and he had not managed to get a Beat in Parliament He could not harangue a mob of street larrikins on the the infamy of capital punishment, for there was no suitable convict under sentence of death. But Mr. Walker is a gentleman of infinite resources in the matter of pollution, and with the aid of some artistically vile dia grams by way ot illustration, be opened an exhibition for the edification of prurient free thoughtere. An inspector of police, how ever, paid bis exhibition an early visit, seized 6ix of these diagrams, and got the exhibitor convicted and uned under the statute passed by our Legislature a few years back, in an ticipation of Mr. Walker's advent The stipendiary magistrate ordered the diagrams to be destroyed, and the exhibitor to be fined. Of course, the exhibitorappealed, and equally, of course, advertised himself with much zest by arguing hisown case before the Full Caurt The judges, on looking at the information, discovered that it had been badly framed, and, much to their disgust, were obliged to upset the conviction, after delivering the respondent a severe lecture. If Mr. Walker has any remnant left of the conscience which accompanies as all into this wicked world, it ought to have been galvanised into some sort of vitality by the warnings of the Chief Justice and Judge lanes; but I am sorry to say that Mr. Walker is reported to have pub licly declared his determination to resume his fil thy business at the earliest possible date, which, I suppose, means as soon as he can replace the obscene diagrams ordered to be destroyed. The temporary supply of water from the Nepean, which was to have been pouring two or three million gallons of water every day into the Botany dams last week, and the week before, and the week before that, seems to have taken a fancy of imitating the water in the Darling about Bourke, for at Potts's hill, about two miles from the necropolis at llookwood, the stream has vanished. At Duck River the leaking has been very bad, and the piping at one time resembled a long line of water-Ieta. The weak places, every one predicted, would be found in the joints, and so it turned oat Cheerful people say , that the water is bound to be at Botany on Wednesday or Thursday: but a good deal of canlkiog tod patching of pipes will have to be done If their hopes are to be revised Public opinion ia getting very "sore" and incredulous on the subject, and no wonder. In politics there to nothing to chronicle fcoeptthftt the Pitta Govenmaeutmewu to I try and govern with a majority of two. You know all about the division last week. Most I people think that Mr. Dibba ought to have availed himself of the opportunity of retiring. However, when you come to analyse this par- j ticular majority of two, it really means about I 10or 12-not in the "'buckram," but in the Parliamentary sense. Eight Ministers voted with the noes on the amendment-that is to say, they voted to stop in ollice. On the other side, about would-be Ministers voted with the ayes-that is to say, they voted to got into oriice: for there are at least four or live claimants on the left side of the Speaker and the Opposition cross benches lor each j portfolio except those of the Colonial Sec j retary and the Minister for Lands. 