ORDINATION SERVIOE AT ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. An impressive ceremony was witnessed at St. Andrew's Cathedral yesterday morning, when the Rev. John Morgan, .of Penrith and St. Mary's, Penrith, was ordained by the Most' Rev. the Pnmato a priest of the Chnrch of England, and Mr. F. Tracey, BA.; and Mr.' Gerard D'Arcy- Irvine deacons of. the chnrch. The Rev. ' Mr. morgan nas iieen otnciating as. curate oi ren- rith and St. Mary's and will rctnrn to that post, tho Rev. F. Tracey, who is vice-warden at St.' Paul's College, retaining that office, and- also- acting as- assistant-curate of St. James's, Sydney ; and the Rev. G. D'Arey-Irvine. being placed at Moore College. The clergy, assisting yesterday moming.wcre Canon D'Arcy-Irvine, JI.Aj of Goulburn ; Rev. G. North Ash, MA., of? Woollahra ? Rev. A. R. Rivers; and Rev. S. Relton. M.A. As- the " form and manner. of . the ordering of priests and deacons " according , to the Church of. England, is .ot . considerable . length, the usual morning prayers were, said in the earlv morning service, and the service proper for tie ordination was entered upon im mediately the hoar appointed - had -ar rived. No special arrangements were .made with reference to the. musical, portion of the service, but two anthems suitable to the occasion, - " Teach .me, 0 Lord." and " Come, Holv Gbost." both bv Attwood. were .'swcetlv rendered, the Rev. A. B. Rivers officiating as ? precentor, and Mr. Younger as organist. fThe candidates were presented, to the Bishop, who sat facing the congregation near the communion table, by- the Rev. a. Relton, M. A., his Lord ship's chaplain, and were examined as to their calung, faith, and duties.' The answers : being satisfactory, the Bishop laid his hands severally npon their heads nnd gave them authority to cxocnte the varions offi At the close of an impressive service the candidates received -the communion, nnd several members of ' a large congregation remained behind for the same purpose. The sermon was preached, prior to the ordina tion, by the Rev. G. North Ash, M. A. His remarks were based npon the following words in 1st Corinthians, IV. chapter and .1st verse :— " Lot n man so account of us, as of ministers of Christ, and stewards of tho . mysteries of God." The Chnrch of England bad ordered, he said,' that on the appointed day of the ordination 'of priests nnd deacons, there should be a sermon or oxhortation setting forth the duty and office of deacons and priests, nnd also the necessity of their order and tho esteem in which they ought to he held bv their people. He should, there fore try -to' confine himself on that' occasion .strictly to the consideration of these points, and tokens simple and concise in what be had to say as he possibly could. He proposed. In the. first place to address himself more particularly to those who formed the congregation assembled there that day, and to endeavor " to enforce the dignity and value of - the ministerial office." Within the scanty limits of a single sermon, prepared, of noooasity, at short notice, and amidst parochial distractions, be could not hope to do justice to his subject, but merely to indicate a few leading facts in connection with it. They would not find in anyone of the fohr gospels' any trace of deacon or priest These orders were not directly nnd visibly established by the founder of Christianity. The Christian ministry nv it now existed was not organised during out Lord's earthly life. "During the years ot Uis earthly manifestation," as tho late Dean Stanley had told us, "Ho gave tts that which was fnr'greator, which was, in fact, Christianity — Ho gavo us Himself. Brit no pcr- manentord'er of ministers npponrs inthatsplritnal Kingdom of which He spoke on the bills of Galilee, or on the slopes of Olivet. . Therefore it is that ordination ,i= not a sacrament, because -it lias no visible sign or ceremony ordained by Christ Ilimself." These two orders of which the preacher was now speaking were established during the apostolic age. Before our, lord as cended into heaven He did undoubtedly entrust tbe government of the Christian Chnrch- or society to tho apostles, nnd bestowed upon them the gift of the Holy Ghost ; nnd nothing was more striking and remarkable than the manifes tation, and the energy of His dirino power, and His personal government, which were so plainly rcvcaltd in the story of tho life and work of tho holy apostles. It lind boon ' well said that " in opening the Acts of the Apostles wc open the annals of Christ's reign and kingdom," aud that " for us who try to connect ourselves in thought with tlio cradle of our faith, this hook has au unspeakable value." It was this book which onabled us to fix tlio npostolnte as the source froin which these two orders derived their exlstcuceand the apostles ordained first deacons and then presbyters or priests as their. successors. The. people elected who were to serve as the first deacons, and the apostles ratified their choice by ordaining tliera. Since that day their order had continued in unbroken succession. It wns an order which grew naturally out of n pressing necessity which was created by tho circum stances of the Church of Jerusalem. There could bo no doubt that there was from age of ago an over-increasing need for an order of deacons in the chnrch, whose main work,, as lie apprehended it, was to attend to the relief and consolation of the sick and tbe distressed, the poor and the infirm. And it seemed to the irencher that their chnrch would be strengthened for her vast labors in this new country If some extension of the deaconato could be 'somehow mado so ns to admit to tiiat holv office persons of approved cliaracter and attainments, who should not of necessity contemplate ordin ation as priests, hat who should de vote their lives to the performance of such duties us would relieve the prloithood of the burden of those more secnlar labors which now interfered with the directly spiritual part of their work. In the early church he be lieved it was a general rule that deacons might not be ordained under 2a years of age, nor priests under 30 years of age, thus giving an interval of five years for the discharge of the duties of the inferior office, and for preparation for the mission of a priest of' the' Church of God. Tho order of presbyters or priests was first mentioned in the 11th chapter of tho Acts of the Apostles, where tho Church of Autioch pro vided relief for the Church of Judca in its dis tress and sent' it to the " elders " or " priests " for distribution; and in the 14th chapter ivo found that St. Paul, together with his colleague St. Barnabas, "ordained" cldora in everv church. Their work, consisted in watching over nnd guiding tho flock com mitted to their charge, teaching in public and private, visiting tho sick, showing hospitality to strangers, and assisting tho apostles m sncli a work as would be undertaken that morning. A priest of the church of God now-a-days, so far as the Anglican branch was concerned, was commissioned to feed the flock of Christ, to preach the word of God nnd ministor the sacraments to the congregation, to aid the bishop with their counsel, nnd in short to exercise every function that was not properly and exclusive1, v episcopal. Their branch of the Holy Catholic Church asserted with no uncertain 'utterance that, however naturally gifted and eloquent a man 1 might be, ho ha'd no right whatever to exorcise any one of the spiritual functions of the ' priesthood unless he received episcopal ordination and was commissioned by lawful authority to perform them. That was the plain teaching of their oburch, and he bolicved that it was because of their failure in many instunces to insist npon that fact that their people, tho lay mombeni of their church, were so often careless as to where they worshipped God, "provided tlioy had tho opportunity of listening to a flueut and ener getic and stirring Eermon, the bearing of which, it might be, involved 'absence from the services and the saernmonts of tlio church to which they professed to belong. "To speak with case and eloquence is of course a very valuable qualifi cation," as it had been well said, " for tho offico of the ministry, but it does not confer the office." He could not but ex press his own convictiou that the, laxity and indifference manifested in respect of a due appreciation ' of the office of duly ordained deacons and priests was, to a largo extent, a fruitful canse of religious divisions, and the spread of Echisin in our midst. The pronchor then enforced tho necessity of clergy being held in esteem and love by the people, for their work's sake and for their Lord's sake. He ex horted the laity not to cramp the freedom of action of tho clergv by petty fault-finding, idle ariticism and reckless charges. . Although it was undoubtedly truo that' tlio clergy were their servants for the Lord Jesus Christ's sakB stUl they must remember that the laity were not In evory sense of the word their masters. To oneMnstbralono must they hereafter give account. Tho sympa thy and prayers of the people, were needed in the arduous and responsible duties of the ministry. .The preacher addressed a few earnest words to the candidates in enforcement of the dntv nnd heavy responsibility 'of their high calling.- To this work 'they needed a burning love for Christ, an intense desire to bb simply instruments in God's bands for promoting the salvation of sonls. And if thev would be truly great they must be very humble. In a full con- viotion of their own un'worthiness, and yet know- ing that God was using them ns liis instru ments, they might go forth in . His namo to carry the gospel of eternal hope Wherever their' changing lot hereafter might be. How could they grapple with sin and ovll, scepticism and indifference ; how could they combat with the cold negations of infidelity ; bow could they gather the " tangled, trodden, earth- soiled harvest into Which their Lord had sent them to reap ;" bnt by " faith, working by love," bv a strong nnd intense conrictipn that God's cause must trinmph over every obstacle at last, that they lind a. definite mission to accomplish in life, and that by His grace their prayers and labors for the eternal welfare of the sonls of the. people must prevail in his own good time? 