SSOETXKG TOPICS. Thbv always make fast time over the Hawkesbury course. Sting's record in '82, 2min. 36|sec., was considered incredible- until last season, ' When Hastings got over the distance in the same time. Now Prince Imperial has beaten both badly, and his 2min. 35jsec. has broken all the' records in any country. Many sporting men refuse to believe the time. And argue that a " selling plater " like Becruit, who led for about a mile, could never have left that dietoncehehind him iii lmin. 43 sec. which wag -the time taken by a good judge for the first mile. Now . I certainly fail to see the appositeness of this, as Recruit, who is a six-year-old son of Warlike, proved that his perfor mance was no fluke, ashecameout later in the afternoon, and, carrying fist, lllb., was only beaten after a capital race by Pet Girl in the Members' Handicap, the time for the seven furlbngs being registered as lmin. 30sec., which would mean about lmin. 43sec. for Hie mile. As Becruit carried 71b. less in tthe Handicap, it is certainly only fair to infer that he could get over the mile when thoroughly fresh in the same time. I fiiint if .1 were on the look-out for a useful, handicap horse 'twould be this raw Becrnit that would catch my eye first. The running of First Chester and Nordenfeldt in the Guineas and Produce Stakes at Hawkesbnry makes the V.R.C. Derby look more open than ever. Although beaten by the son of Chester in the Guineas, Nordenfeldt got away so badly that his chance was hopeless from the first, and, judging by the consummate ease with which he settled Bagle Grange and Angora in the Produce Stakes on the second day, I am inclined to think that after all First Chester's Guineas easy victory was a fluke. .Both horses were heavily backed for our Blue Biband on the impulse of the moment soon after they pissed the post in their respective races, hut on Saturday night each 'was a triflc easier in the quotations. — — „ I, : I HBVEE rem fiber aseeeivhig varied collection if- telegraphic ' did in connOctio witiritae Han y Handicap last 5fck?'T genefa,:/ , A three or four dil gfenthpiniohs prior big race, but .1 S fewer tb.- - nine different arses, Jul from gooa judges in Sydncg. were." sent" mo, and on comparing jacEss vth others here. I find that their exnerieace.wjis much. the same as ! mine.-. JThUtuspoaks :Vohutais9 for the -appartatty opBu-'«aitare2"Ot the Wawdkup- Brown 'and . Bole waa-afidtat GtA flrilwire J'TCceivedithett G,;uei.rr - I:, - : . ..i' T-s-''- : .T L'c'-r."., jit". 'is.. i1;' - J'-'. | ' ' s\,i IT't.t'wd i7. V: : t:-- TfCl— OC . JilCCTlPIS VViii- 1) ' C'-- ; : > ,T '0 r-" .. l , ioai the ' -".vtbicj ri'tiiTui ' , - li-y. and I iu.ily. iiv.it.- ,aar'- . v 'l'.-' ' (he: I repreaeo'ts. . l1 — - eircunisteucea 4hi» year's HawassboiW Handicap waskeapual hettiagMhe) and- idihough inost of' tim btokttakets 'lOtt,' that V&8 owing' tothO' fatt that Prifice Imperial was.&e; first toft e backed/AH the ring laid the bulk fit their monty at longish odds'. , -- \- Orations . were | tew ur ho widely diveigent as -to wliidnf flie Hon. Jlimes White's three-Jtar-oldk is the real " 18- carat" 'chap for 'he''-Y.RC. Derby. With three each crd6kK as tJralla, winner of Ascot Yale, Clarit'Ghampagne, Sires' Produce, and FireitBoal Stakes ; Monte Christc, the 17ormanhjuid V.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes hero and last, though I think a long. way off feta least, Norden- teldt, the Hawkesbnfiy Mares' Produce Stakes colt, whatever fcaves the blue and white representativBsibehini him in our -Derby will hove to trifrel. ' Second and thiid foyourites' are often wqrse for the ""F y" the animal at shortest odds. - Altnwgh.only two abso lute favourites — Nomgnfeldt and Ravens- 'worth— won at Hawkesbury oa Saturday, the ring had a/very had day, as Dictator; My Lady, Prince Impmial, and Pet Girl; all second favourites, were each heavily backed. „ . A coEHESPONDENy who owns a race horse addicted to rearing, -.has written tne to ascertain the besSnmethodito break him of that vice. " Hithim orer tiiehtad With a bottle of water." This prescription sounds rather crude, but it lis ' both practicable and efficacious. I remember, when Mr. " Billy " Lang had Polliq (before be won the Australian Cup), tlip brown son of Hiq Whi flier wap particularly partial to the practice of standing on his bind legs. One day, when the horse sit thus indulging in a h-tasprovipta pes seal, hir veteran trainer happened to have a bottle' of beer in his band; and, grabbing it by tiie ncck, he hit Pollio a whack on the ' his head, .which stSsbcd tbe -j lacbud ib'-miitcuts :u ii.e . and j-roiigsi !,;n "OvioTing .'Old j C' -i j- u uri uir knees; 1I<: r.e,r.-- t-reijv: " -.'.xr." O'T. repftzsenhtar . , "i.'r-r ' . - iv ii'cqs; ' ,.-r ,. - -d:sliu-, .i..'®:-!! r.iiuoi-e- peds. 'iOL U is A;i 1,11,0:. the same principle ip that which prompts the burnt ...child to dread the fire ; and, take my word for it, a horse orcc taken unawares with a simul taneous crash and splash in bis eyes will think twice before, he rears a second time. Fbtingpan, who, in my opinion, would have been Mr. Pearson's first string in tbe Melbourne Cup, pulled up so lame after a brilliant gallop inside the course proper on Saturday that the pen has been put through his name for both Cups, and it is highly improbable that the little son of Bethnal Green will ever race again. With 9st. Sib. in 4he< saddle last Champion Day, Frying pan made his own runninr, - and com pleted the first two miles in 3min. 34£sec. With 121b. less to carry in the Cap, the little horse would have broken 32 as certainly as his name was Frying- pan. "Missouei," probably the cleverest tout in Australia, is, I regret to learn, lying dangerously ill. One of the few pro fessional. touts jr. ho, thoroughly under stands hisbusinese, "Missouri" has during the past twenty years probably spotted more winners on the track, and. more homes that couldn't possibly", win,' than any half-dozen horse watchere, and, unlike the majority of old-time touts, he is a -great believer In the time tests A general favourite on the course amongst the early birds, I trust, in common with all other sportsmen, that Bill's burly figure will long before the Spridg Meeting be seen perched as usnal on a rail near the scraping sheds, and that he may-find -another Assyrian for tiiis season's Melbourne or Caulfield Cup. Backers have more than once burnt their fingers by meddling too quickly with the Hon. James White's horses, Martini- Henry for the year before last's A. J.C. Derby to wit Uralls, as a natural result of past season's -record, and ber sensational (gallops of late, was spotted as a moral for the Guineas last week, and several wagers of £90 to £60, £150 to £100, Ac., were eagerly snapped .up as quickly as .offered, punters imagining that the race was a gift to her ; -unfortu nately tliey reckoned without the owner, who vety quickly stifled' their hopes by scratching the filly. The biggest winners as .a result of Prince Imperial's victory were his owner, Mr. J. Mayo; andthe HomiJolin Eales. Altogether the hone was supported to win almost twenty thousuid pounds, but, as so. many others In the race were backed/the ring, although heayy losers all round, do«ot drop anything tike half that sum over the Handicap alone. Rbqinxld, certainly the best three- year-old of last season, has broken down badly at Rahdwick, and is hardly likely to start during the A. J.C. meeting. In the absence of Mr. Martin's crack from the weight-for-age races at Bandwick this spring, tiie meeting will be shorn of much of its interest, as the struggle be tween the sim of Goldsbrough ana Silver King, Merlin, Prince Imperial, Match lock, Honejdew, and perhaps Welcome Jack at weight-for-age has been looked forward to with mueh interest. As Bnzza has also broken down lately, Mr. Martin has commenced the season withtyerv bad Iwek. ' lii'-porgd in Sydney that Uralla :: : y to carry silk at the A.J.G., | ; > ; and that at .the eleventh hour ' r!i-. . oescratcbadacwasMartini-Henry j >. I give this for what it's worth, ' would certainly ' advise backers to i . .j: ve the filly alone, or' stipulate for the proviso " with a start" In. backing her. No more popular .individual than JUr. . Jv-Boan could have been entrusted with the starter's flag at Hawkesbury. He appears' to have been 1 successful ' in despatching his fields, 'although the ; i..- jj.-- or v- ' ''- i-r-i. j Mid i ... . / -. ,.r i,, i - . .. .; .1.' I iuean V«-J- 7 .!»; . . ; ,L. j rofrs- ar-nj' b-.'.csicu in th«» even; -TTn- Ifortuvteeiy fir the bai-kr- : t-Jdt. sou 'v f Muikes go. a7.-p.v ,Q.-: ike "The- Gu.ie-_.r-," bn; th'c was wfaotiy owing to the faactiuusness of the coft, Who turned right aYoond just as tiffi 'flhg fell. ' ' ..In another eoluHm. fflff .be found, a short sketch of the career of the late "Mr. F. Dicker Hamilton, whoi was, probably, the Oldest sporting journalist in Australia, and Who, our Traders will regret to learn, diedintSydney last Friday. "The turf," in common with all Australian institu tions', is of such comparatively recent growth in this young country ot ours that the time is bardlyripe for publishing a series of sketches on turf celebrities, such as are now appearing in the English sporting Press. We have, however, now in hand a mass of material for what will prove a very interesting series of articles whioh will appear shortly in the Spobtsman, dealing With the biographies of various grades of racing men. Few volumes would prohahly he found more interesting to sportsmen than a Book about Bookmakers jfor, as a body, there is no class thq ipembers of which experience such a chequered career as themetaUician ; and white " the talent" nndunbtedly inclndesian its ranks some terribly black shtap, the majority of the pencil- lers, ifiThpibe of the bad odonr which aurrounds their vocation, are as con scientiously honourable as are tbe mem bers of most other professions. While, however; the career of those capitalists who, for many years, have deservedly enjoyed.- the ..confidence of the racing public will he conscientiously traced, there are - other bookmakers whose biographies, though more blotchy, are scarcely less edifying; and, under the title of' Rogues of the Ring," a"' few individuals, whose whole career pom A to Z has been a combination of fiaiid'foont," .impudence, and impos- tur£ willba faithfully portrayed. Several horses having -important engagements' at the coming Victorian meetings have, put in an -ppearanca l . >.c. our I fist. Tli.. Hon. W. ... — j 1 tiring ." I'i-n Xcilan t»rs— i.smely, ; I Thi.nd rlmic WinrV-e.slgs. ..lirerpool, i Us"«tTrwfiT7" - . . -f O'ld-1" — cr.mc overlana i i tioai Si-Iney. "lid. wenciiakcu ip .'-Ir. I Srr<v,: : — — if w.rmqm..-«re |«v«es.— v J I— Hie Laemanisn S"cav.cr Friday. IDerriii iias ciiargc of the. New Zco- landers, Mason having returned to Maoriland. The declaration . of the weights for the V.A.T.C. Hurdle Race, Steeplechase, Toorak . Handicap, and Australian Hunters' Cup, originally fixed for the 28th inst., has been postponed until the first Monday in October. This has been considered desirable in order that the handicapper should have the benefit of the results of the Melbourne Hunt Club and Ballarat Turf and Hunt Club meet ings in making bis handicaps. Tjbb annual meeting of the members of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club will be held on Monday, 6th October. The report and balance-sheet, which are now in coarse of preparation, will disclose a satisfactory state of affairs. The friends of Maurice Gnmn will be pleased to hear that he is iu harness again. He is now a Cheltenham boni- face, and as be lias some boxes he intends to train a few horses. Griffin thoroughly understands his business, as persons who remember Wellington's early perform ances will admit, and he also had Colum bus when he tron his principal races. Mb. A. E. Cobnwell, the well-known sportsman, who was said to. have pur chased Folly, has also become the owner of Belle -Bbindon. / It is stated that the price of the latter mare was £200. Gbanviile takes .his departure for Sydney this morning! He was working right- handed yesterday afternoon. R. Baity also leaves for the same destination, hut I am not aware whether he takes any hones or not. A meeting of delegates for the Sports" Depfit Cricket Trophy was held last nignt at the Sports' DepAt, Elizabeth- street. Thirty-one entries were received, so it was decided to postpone the draw to ynotber evening, and the delegates pre sent discussed the rules under which the competition should be held, there being several alterations proposed on last year's regulations. . We are glad to find that the Victorian Football Association, having seen the error of their Ways, intend to . retrace HiaIt steps. Their attempt . to over ride the umpire's . decision in .the. Sonth Melbourne v. Essendon match having been shown to he ultra vires, the mem bers of the Association owe it to them selves to rescind that decision. In future, when called upon to deal with any matter, if the members of the Association cannot trust their judgment — as they clearly cannot— in the interpretation of the .rules, it would, be'well tor. them to ascertain from competent authorities whether or not they nave the power to deal with the subject referred to them. Ode - advertising columns this week contain the conditions of the Morrum- bidgee Turf. Club's renewal of Sires' Produce Stakes, to be run in the season 1888-89. Sires must be nominated to the Secretary of the M.T.C. on or before the sfoond Thursday "in January, 1886, and each nomination accompanied hy a promissory note made by , the owner or his attorney for £10, payable, on' the. 1st August, 1888, to the treasurer of the M.T.C. The entries for the Hunt Club Cup and Handicap Flat Race, to he run at the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting, were received on Monday. There are 31 in the first-named event, and tbe other has the fine entry of 55. Amongst those engaged are — the crack hurdle racer, The Agent, and Chuckster, Stafford, Duration, Mistake, Rebus, Honeycomb, Ferntea, Middlemarch, The Israelite, PteutnLViArsenal, Hippogriff, Bohemian, Hannibal, Country Boy, and The (Hunt. Mb. J. Mato's Ravcnsworth, the j n r.j:; ... -in . ' E" sv " ; j b.i'.i,ua. v. . ' ' ' . tbyeareoL hi,. 1 . A. AAakui. tooR. lust, prize last week at the Wangaratta Show m tbe thoroughbred class. Dawn Of Day, a eon of Purlin, and well known a few years ago as one of our best steeplechasers, was preseni at the Wangaratta Show. The old horse is quite blind. ' Sydney Tattersall's is a go-ahead institution, and provides some of the best meetings in the sister metropolis. The committee have decided that, as New Tear's Day falls on a Friday, there shall be a two-days' meeting. The pro gramme on the first day, which includes the Summer Cup, will probably be the same as usual. Ou the second day an equally liberal bill of fare will be pre sented, and Lord Carrington, who will have arrived hy that time, should be favourably impressed. The three "R's," reading, 'riting, land 'rithmetic, have a good deal to do with a man's position in the world, but we very rarely fiud three horses tismaKM commence with that letter running first, second, and third in a race. This, how ever, happened at the. Hawkesbury Meeting on Saturday, when Ravens worth, Rapid, and Raven filled those positions in the Ladies' Bracelet. Next week the remaining horses of the formidable Adelaide division ale expected to put in an appearance at Flemington. The newcomers will include Sardius, Dunlop, Juanna, Gratitude, Isonomy, Lantern, and others. It will he hard luck if the visitors do not pull off several of the good things at Flemington and Caul- field. The gates, booths, etc., in connection with the V.R.C. Spring Meeting will be sold hy auction, at Kirk's Bazaar, on Monday, the 26th October, at noon. A"- Kirk's Bacaar, on Monday 28th I'iSt.. the- I, 7 ami privi- j leges i'-. connection with the jMLetbovTU" ' i Hunt, dob's Meeting,' jrhfok take. pUcc | jtin the 3rd prox., witi. be subi. ' \ V- ; auction. . - I General oil trie? for the MVIboiiiae Hunt Ciub\ Spring hi aeri'ig close or. Monday next, at the V.R-C. office, at 4 p.m. With a little care Blink Bonny is likely to get to the post for the Caulfield Cup all right if the temporary cessation of her fast work does not affect her. Her owner tells me that on more than one occa sion t he mare ha s struck her legs, and, af ter being eased in ber work, bas come round all rigbt again. The following are the sires nominated for tbe Victoria Racing Club Sires' Pro duce Stakes of 1889 : — Herschel Hora'io Neckemmt LotRair King Cole St. Albans Golatbroash Sardonyx Chaster Ging Forward . Progress Larpent Albury The Eoob Bichinond Monmouth Epigram Jalng'lcm Bapiditr Zetland Dsrriwell Brae-de-Per Wellington Pirat King Maribymong . Feigns the First Martini-Henry- 1 A matter of importance to the visitors to the Williamstown racecourse was brought under the notice of the Minister ot Public Works on Wednesday last. At present there is a sort of a bridge over the Kororoit creek, winch is too narrow and quite unsuitable, if not really dangerous, for traffic. Mr. Chirnside and other well-known gentlemen had come to grief from it, and narrowly escaped drowning. The deputation drged that a good hricige could he made at a cost of about £800. The wynttiiam councu and Williamstown Racing Club would contribute one fourth each of that sum, if the Government would provide the re mainder. Mr. Crokcr, of the Williams town Racing Club, pointed out that they had already spent £6000 in and aboutthe course, which was on Crown land. They were anxious to get the bridge completed before the Prince of Wales' birthday, when an important meeting would be held. Mr. Deakin expressed an opinion that tbe Williamstown council should also contribute a fourth, but its repre sentatives did not see the matter in the same light. After some discussion, _ Mr. Deakin said he would get a report with a view of ascertaining what could be done. Mb. D. S. Wallace has a colt, hy The Diver, named Denmark, nominated for the V.AT.C. Maiden Plate. As the well-known steeplechaser lays claim to that patronymic, Mr. Wallace will re quire to alter the name of his colt. The Lockleys-Hoyden colt, purchased hy Mr. Joseph Thompson in Adelaide, and now trained hy Mr. J. Leek, has been named Master John. Despot has started ten times since he made his d<kut on the turf, and has only twice succeeded in gaining a place dis tinction. In 1883 Mr. White's grey horse finished third to First Demon in the Hawkesbnry Handicap, and now he has to be content with second place in the same race. It would, however, mnke amends for bis past had luck if Despot were to appropriate the Metropolitan Stakes on Tuesday next In glancing over the entries for the Flat Race to be ran at Flemington on the 3rd prox., I notice the nime of The Agent. The son of Slaildcref has been -nominated for the V.A.T.C.' Toorak Handicap.- — - The general entries for the V.A.T.C. S pring Meeting, which closed on Monday, are veiy satisfactory. The Maiden Plato has filled welh Amongst the 32 nominated are Hippogriff, Sea Horse, Lorelei, and other promising ones. The First Hurdle Race has 27 engaged, including Royal Maid, Duration, Mistake, Huntsman, Gasalier, and Student. There arc 20 still left in the Great Foal Stakes. IVith such -flyers asMaddelina, Anita,. Repose, and Edith amongst -the number 'there should Jble a goba race. Seventeen have cried content., for the , '.ere wc have Monte Clirixto, r nanna, Melodious, . Sonny other good'performers. .The .i r Hunters' Cup, which takes.fhe . ' - c the Findou Barriers' Cup has a:-" !- 1 Ai\ «ufcry of 32 pool o»o. tHie " ' handicap as usual has filled well, igst those in. it are Tbe laraelite, uignw, 'Hippogriff, .Bohemian, The Ghost, Tbe Agent, Black Diamond, Lando, Fernlea, Sh Lawrence, Anchorite, Lantern, Comet, Dirk Hatteraick, Happy Thought and Coronet. On the second day 6port opens with the Selling Race, which has 20 engaged. There are 22 in the second Hurdle Race and they in clude most of the good ones in training. The Nursery Handicap of four furlongs and a half has a very good lot engaged. Twenty-ram have been nominated for the Open Steepledhaw, .including Morven, Colebrook, Mernder, Denmark, Governor, Sailor, and Lizette. The meeting will.be brought to aclose with the Windsor Handi cap, whieb has attracted the excellent en'tty of 59 ; amongst those engaged are Chuck ster. Stafford, Bohemian, The Ghost, Hannibal, Lando, Fernlea, Rebus, Happy Thought, Anchorite and Honeycomb. Amongst the entries for the Maiden. Plate to be ran at the Caulfield Cap meeting, is Mr. S- Miller's Mernder, the winner of a couple of steeplechases. The English St. Leger is run for to day, and if the betting quotations whieh prevailed when the mail left are any criterion Melton is likely to be pro claimed the winner. Even money wag laid on him, whilst 10 to 1 was the price of Child of the Mist, the next in demand. With regard to next year's Derby 4O0 to 50 each has been taken about Minting, Saraband, and The Bard. Mb. A. R. Robertson, the owner of Dunlop, has purchased another good one in Antonio. He is three years old, and foil brother to Bassanio and Sbylock. He has the reputation of being a speedy customer. The trophy which is to be presented to the owner of the winner of the Ballarat Hunt Club Cup is on view at Messrs. Drnmmond and Co.'s establishment in Collins-street. The trophy, which is the gift or ' r. Martin LoughUn,is a sterling' si ' ea and coffee service, with a' , bosuiilully designed vine-leaf -bordered ! tray The whole is valued at £100. ! uiruiual facilities for "visiting the Caul- -jcM Cup Meeting. Excursion tickets will probably be issued, available from tbe 8th to tbe 19th October. The annual meeting of the Wedder- burn Turf Club will be held on Boxing Day. The programme will shortly be -announced. The Hon. Wm. Robinson states that the reports circulated in Sydney and Melbourne to the effect that Thunderbolt had split his hoof are wholly without foundation, as the colt is doing as well as- he would wish. Mb. J. White'6 colt, Nordenfeldt,' was bred by the Auckland Stud Com pany, N.Z., from whom he was pur chased, tbe price paid for the son of Musket — ODyx, as a yearling, being 1225 guineas. By the victory of the colt in the Produce Stakes the company wilL receive 50 guineas, which the H.R.C. add to the stake. Mb. Halley, of Messrs. Robertson and Moffat, writes to Mr. S. A. Case from Messrs. Thomas', Latrobe-bridge, Sale, of a fine day's sport he had amongst tbe perch last Thursday, securing with the fly in the Glengarry. River 23 fish, weighing 521b. ; largest fish, 4lb. 6oz. Any angler may;se.e the communication by calling at Mr. Case's place, 26 Little Collins-street west. 