I SEA-WATER MADE FRESH. -5 In a recent number of St. James's Gazette the following article appears : " In the London Gazette of January 28,1684, appeared the following notice :-' Yesterday his Majesty was pleased to send to the Lord Mayor, closed in a silver box, coaled with his Majesty's seal, the receipts of the several cement used by the patentees for making sea-water fresh ; certified under the hand of the Hon. Mr. Robert Boyle; to be kept so sealed up by the present and succeeding Lord Mayors ; lest a secret of so great importance to the public might come to be lost, if lodged only in the knowledge of a few persons therein concerned.' 4\. That the subject matter of this announcement was considered one of more than common moment is quite clear, the certificate of Mr. Boyle having been given on behalf of the Royal College of Physicians. The cement referred to were part of a scheme for the better distilling of sea-water, which was then agitating many ingenious minds. The operation of making 4" a water french by distillation was fully described by ZozimuB. who flourished and 400. Bacon also recorded the well-known fact that, with a heat sufficient for distillation, salt will not use it vapour, and that salt water distilled lb fresh. Nevertheless, for more than fourteen centuries the chemists of all civilised nations were utterly at fault in their efforts to make sea-water practically service- able for drinking purposes. Their common mistake was simple enough, perhaps even natural and a brief record of its history may just at this time be of interest. " It is obvious that the people chiefly concerned in this matter must have been those among whom natural fresh water was a scarce or precarious commodity, and to whom the presence of the sea made constant appeal. We find, accordingly, that the dwellers on the desert coasts of East and West Africa practiced many devices for depriving the sea of its tail. Both Moors and Arabs dug so-called wells on the shore, from which they obtained a brackish draught, the result of the first rude attempts at filtration, Sea water, when made to percolate a sufficient stratum of sand, will, in fact, part with most of its saline constituents ; but the sand itself, speedily becoming saturated with these, requires to be constantly changed or purified. Those, therefore, who relied upon such a source for their water supply were driven to many contrivances for bettering its quality, of which distillation was beyond question one of the most ancient. The Moors are generally credited with the introduction of this art into Europe and for the alembic we are specifically indebted to the Arabs. These early experimentalists only relied upon distillation to effect what filtration failed to accomplish. The idea of submitting sea water directly to the still appears never to have dawned ; upon them and what is yet more remarkable is the fact that for several centuries English chemists followed the J same blind lead, i In spite of Bacon's declaration, the notion long, prevailed in England that sea-water must be entered, on this salts got rid of by farming" or otherwise, before it could be successfully operated upon by the subsequent process. Even to the close of the last century some ' mixture was still thought necessary in order to precipitate the suit before I distillation. Such was the purpose of those several cements,' the recipes for which were so solemnly entrusted by Charles II. to his faithful Lord Mayor. Even such practical ' chemists as Sir Richard Hawkins, Glauber, and Hales were hopelessly astray in the business. Tales from the sea were not wanting to confirm the popular error. Many a ship's crew were saved from a prolonged agony by the sen- water distilled in a rude apparatus commonly contrived with a pot, a kettle, and a gun-barrel ; but the product, was by a universal consent declared so extremely nauseous that even j dying men could only be induced to swallow it at the last j pinch. All this spurred the energy of chemists, but did not seem to arouse their intelligence. , " In the year 1792, however, a certain Dr. Lind managed, by some happy chance, to hit the right nail on the head, in the course of some experiments with various mixtures and filtering under, he, happened to distil some , rain and sea-water in different vessels without any mixture at all. To his astonishment the results, were identical. He pursued his discovery, and found that a chemically pure drinking water might be produced by simple distillation. Hut discouragements still hung upon the track. True, the matter was entirely freed from its salt but it was so in tolerably vapid, and tasted it of the Stills' that sailors con- " tinued to give the preference to the most (brackish springs' or even to putrid ship- master. The tea, and the natural water, is saturated with oxygen and carbonic acid. Of those it is absolutely, deprived by distillation : hence Its extraordinary spiritlessne«« and "insipidity. Even body knows how ungrateful and UrirefreBhmg is a beverage that is noticeably 'list.' Distilled water is witness carried to the uttermost. It is, in truth, dead water, and might be adjudged a fitting beverage for an army of (ghosts. Ordinary soda-water contains carbonic acid gas in excess, A distillate of sea- water has lost even its normal amount In fact, all its vitalising elements. It remained, then, to remote these to allow the distillate, so to speak, to recoup itself as it in some measure will if exposed 9 h pure air. More" artificial means, however woreJound to be. nECEssary ; 224 these were first supplied in the form of filtration of the day. collate, through chemical reagents. Additions of alum chloride of lime, and various goods were also made to It, but with no very great success. Tmo, it would " boil peas tender" (formerly an infallible sign of good water among seamen) ; but distilled water remained practically an impossible beverage until the time of aeration by machinery. " The first trial of this on any sufficient scale was made on her Majesty's ships Sphynx. Odin, and Erebus, at Portsmouth, in 1859. The aerating apparatus employed was the invention of Dr. Normandy, and it has been lines widely applied both i on ships and at marine station. Filters are also used in combination and the perfect one cess of the operation has now been long attested by results. The condensing ships at Suakim have all great boiler caps., city, which is requisitioned for the supply of the steam upon which the condensors act. The Calabria is fitted to deliver 100,000 gallons of distilled and aerated water per day; for the partial storage of which the Camel and the Kangaroo cable ships have been chartered by the Admiralty. For thispnrpo«etIiolr vast cable-tanks make them pre-eminently serviceable. The hired transport International has also been fitted with auxiliary boilers and condensers, and can do 40,000 gallons daily to the common store. The supply can- not be regarded as i"::co-,sive when the requirements of 10,000 men and 2000 animals are taken into account. As to the distributing pipes and the pumping arrangements generally, these do not fail to be considered here. The system of delivering a considerable body of water under very high pressure and through long lines of maize is not one with which we are familiar in this country. But lbs petroleum works of Pennsi Urania are sealed upon a network of piping and connections estimated at over 6000 ballerina length. The body of pumping the petroleum is precisely similar to that which it was proposed to adopt for delivering water on the way between Suakim and Berber." 