■VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. fpEOSI OUE 3IELBOCESE COKEESPOXDEST.") Saturday. A race meeting, under the auspices of the V.A.T. Club, was held this afternoon, on the Canlfield course, and, considering the lateness of the season and the some what raw and chilly state of the atmos phere, there was a fair attendance. In the Steeplechase the horses took the wrong course, and the stewards decided that it must be ran over again. This took place after the last race, with the result that Granville, who came in first in the no-race, was successful again afterwards. The owner of Sir Samuel and Velocipede were fined £20 and £5 respectively, for late scratchings. The following are the results :— Selling 'Race, of 50 sovs. For all horse3 thjf have never won a race exceeding 25 • sovs. Weight for age, with selling allow ancrs. The winner to be sold for £50. live furlongs. S. Miller's br f Warina (oil}, 2yrs, oat 121b (Tnomey) 1 J. Sanson's ns br g Sunstroke (nil), 3yrs, 7et (Blair) 2 "R Thnrling's b g Jack Ashore (£20), 4yrs, Sst 41b (Robertson) 3 Estrelki and lady Loch also started. Betting—Even Warina, 3 to 1 bar one. Warina and Lady Loch made the running to the straight, entering which Warina was in front. The two came up the straight on pretty even terms, Jack Ashore being close handy. 2vear the post Sunstroke came with a brilliant rush hat Warina beat him by a nose. Jack Ashore was a good third. Time, lmin. Gsec. The winner was bought in for £20. Handicap Huedle Race.— Of 100 sovs. 10 sovs. to go to the second horse. One mile and a half. • Jj. G- Wright's b m Minerva, Gyre, lOst 51b (M'Leod) ... 1 H. Chifney's b g Chatsworth, oyrs, 10st (Chaston) 2 J, B. Gill's b e Dnnleary, Gyrs, 9at 101b (including 3ib over) (Allen) 3 • Uoyal Maid, Despatch, Sinking Fund. Tattler, Pride of Oaklands, Zona, and Peacock, were the other starters. Betting—2 to 1 Minerva, 5 to 1 Sinking Fond," 6 to 1 Chatsworth, 7 to 20 to 1 the others!" "Dnnleary made the running, attended alternately by Chatsworth, Tattler, Sinking Fund and Zona. In the neighborhood of tbe sod wall Dnnleary, who had held a big lead, was passed by Chatsworth, who headed tbe field into the straight. Then the favorite, who had been running in tbe rear, was brnnght hp and won comfortably by a length from Chatsworth; Dnnleary a fair third. Sinking Pond fourth, Tattler fifth, Royal Maid «rtli Time, 3min. Gees Hotly Handicap, of 100 sovs., added to.a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each. 15 sovs. to go to the second, and 5 sovs. to the third horse. One mile. i J". Harper's b g Uncas, 3yra, Gat 71b ■ (Cracknell) 1 W- Iseil's bl h"Dnratron, 4yre, Sit 2tb (T. Brown) ... 2 E. W. Ellis' ch h Lord Wilton, 4yra, 7st Sib (Sharrad) ._ 3 Grace Darling, The Ghost, Surprise, Muscat. Bohemian, East Lynne, and Fellow Hammer also went Betting : 7 to 4 TJncas, 3 to 1 Surprise, 5 to l Doration, 7 to 10 to Ijotfaers. Grace "Darlinp and Surprise were the first toshow in front. Then Surprise struck out, attended by Grace Darling and The Ghost. Surprise continued to lead to the straight, .hut Duration came on the inside, and looked all over a winner, bearing the post Crack cell brought Uuca3 to the front with a fine rash, and he won by half a length from Duration. Xiord Wilton third, East Lynne fourth, Grace Darling fifth, and Yellow ; Hammer last. Time, Imin 45sec. j Handicap Steeplechase of 125 sovb, added j to a sweepstakes of 3 sots each ; 15 sovs to go to the second horse and 10 sots to ; the third horse. Two miles. T? Phillip's br h Granville, Gyrs, 103t 41b (Hunt) _ 1 E. Martin's b g Native, aced, lOst Tib, (Bird) ~ ... 2 J. Pilbrow's b g Clarence, aged, 12afc (Cree) ... 3 Blackthorn, Kingston, Tandstickor. Be resford, Pride of the Hills, Dollar, Topsail and Chester also started. In this race the blunder was made of not leaving an opening for the horses to come from one course to the other, and they went 1 on the wrong course. The mistake was rectified by clearing the rails between the two courses, but the stewards decided that1 the race should be run over again. Ou the first occasion Granville won with Blackthorn second and Kingston third. Afterwards j when the race wa3 ran agaio the same horses started, and Granville again won, but upon . this occasion Native and Clarence filled the second and third places. Time, 4min. 26sec. ; The Abmadalb Handicap, of 100 soys. Five furlongs and a half. R. Love's b or br b Topaz, Gyrs, Sit 71b (Wyman) ... 1 A. Halinbonrg's b h St Lawrence, 4yrs Sst 10Ib (Sanders) ... 2 S. Grimwood'a br h Meander, aged, S=t (J. Williams) ... 3 Ace, Hannibal, Seaweed, Distiller, Dela mia, Mookra, Nuncio, Gipsj*'s Warning, Bon Bon, Moab, and Burra Burra also started. Betting—3 to 1 Topaz, 4 to 1 Meander, 6 to 1 St Lawrence and The Ace, and S to 1 Seaweed. Mookra was the first to Ehow iu front, hut was passed by Meander, who led into the straight. Towards the end. however, Toptiz and St Lawrence came, and an excellent contest resulted in a win for Topsz by half a length. A CaBI?.—To ALL WHO AH2 SurTEBJNC FE03J the errors and indiscretion of youth, uervuu weaknes3, early decay, loss of manhood, etc., 1 will send you a recipe that will cure you, fee. of CHAEGE- This great remedy was discovert* by a missionary in South America. Send t> self-addressed envelope and six-pence to prepa\ postage to the Rev. Joseph T. Inman, J)c JTetff York CilcrAM. 