PERTH LITERARY SOCIETY. The Perth Literary Society, formed a few months since, held its first public meeting in the Congregational school- room on Monday evening last. In spite of the sultry weather a large number of members, friends, and visitors attended. The chair was taken shortly after eight o'clock' by Mr. G. Randell, M.L.G., vice president, who in few words intimated ! the nature of tho evening's programme. The first item was an instrumental duet, piano and cornet; " The White Rose," waltz, by Messrs. Devenish. Dickens' well known story "A Christmas Carol," so full of large-hearted human sympathy. and calculated as its author desired, " to awaken loving and forbearing thoughts never out of season in a Christian land," was fixed upon as the main element of the evening's interest,' and great pains must have been taken by the members of the society who so arranged the various sections as to compress into little more than an hour's reading the whole plot and much of the incident of this delightful Christmas tale. The first stage of this prose poem was entrusted to Mr. F. Stevens, whose portrayal of the Miser- able Scrooge was an excellent one. A duet, pianoforte and cornet, " Sooner or later' by Mrs. Randell and Mr. Devenish; succeeded. Mr. Trigg then read the second stage, " The Ghost of Christmas Past." Miss A. Cave followed and rendered save three, The Ghost of Christmas Present " in a most pleasing manner, and with a vivacity that brought the household of Bob Critchitr, the never-to-be forgotten Tiny Tim, Scrooge's nephew and the "plump sister," as living pictures before the audience. The next number was a solo, " Ring out Wild Bells," sang with great taste and feeling by Mrs. Dyer who only escaped a well deserved encore by the tacit understanding that the length of the programme would prevent that pleasure to those who would otherwise more persistently have sought it. " The Ghost of Christmas yet to come was depicted by Mr. Hann, a little two seriously perhaps, but the view of his own miserable deathbed and unhonoured grave, melting by degrees the icy crust of meanness and exercise in Scrooge nature were well brought out. The final stage in which he discovers that it was all a dream that the gross dwindled down into a bird post that the bed post was his own, and the total change in his life and habits, were dramatically depicted by Mr. Stevens. The singing of The Christmas Hymn brought the proceedings to a'Close-and although by request no funeral votes of thanks were passed the Committee of the Society is to be commended for the effort made to amuse as well as instruct, and we congratulate it on its success. 