I Camiola : A Girl with a Fortune. | By Justin M'Carthy. Chapter TfT.ITI.— PILGRIM GIVES HIS WARN ING. Night Was blackening down upon the place as Pilgrim turned from Vmnie's door. After he had steadied himself for a moment or two he made a wild rush forward ; he rushed like one in pursuit of some victim on whose trail he has suddenly oome. All the passion of his heart was absorbed into hatred for Walter Fitzurse and resolve to be revenged upon him. Nothing being actually known to him, ho magnified Fitzurse* s guilt altogether ; at least he mag nified its deliberateness. He was convinced that Walter had set himself again to fascinate Vinnie ; he did not even know whether Vinnie had not been the cause of the quarrel between Walter and his wife. In the bitterness of his heart he wished he had never helped to save Vinnie from the river. If he had not told Romont that she was likely to come there to drown herself, Romont never would have known and she would have been drowned. Better that, a thousand times better, he thought, than to live to be deceived by Fitenrse. He began to ask himself whether it would not be on act of mere justice if he were to interpose aud kill Fitzurse before it was yet too late, before Vinnie had really been brought to grief and shame. Dreamers of Pilgrim's order are dangerous men when their dreaming gives to their hatred the form of an act of justice. Thcv are apt to make that dream a reality. Pilgrim was himself now distinctly conscious that he was moving like one in a dream. The men aud women who passed him in his rapid way might have been shadows. 11 a ghost oome from the grave had walked bv his side be would not have been surprised or dismayed. Nothing could seem to be more spectj-al than himself ; phantoms appeared, vanished and reappeared around him as he went. Suddenly he was brought to a stand by a short odd figure which came in his way and barred it. This proved itself no phantom. The thin piping voice of Jethro Merri dew spoke out of the night and shadow which seemed to Pilgrim to be within bis own being as well as without it. He turned wild, wondering eyes on the little man. ' Whither away so fast, fair cousin V' Jethro asked. Since it had been found that Pilgrim and he were con nected by marriage, Jethro had taken to calling him ' fair cousin.' They had been brought together a great deal by reason of the inquiries they had to make, and Pilgrim's kindly, melancholy nature was always full oi compassion for the half-crazed old man. ' Who rides so late,' Jethro went on, ' in night and in wind ? Hurrah ! Hurrah ! the dead ride fast ; dost fear to ride with me r' ' I'm in a huny, Jethro,' Pilgrim suid, after a gasp or two and a determined effort to pull himself together. ' Life is all a hurry,' Jethro said, ' and life and death ride together a good deal ; just like the pair in the ballad I've been quoting from.'' ' Aye, that's true ; they do, indeed,' Christian answered grimly. 'Do you know,' Jethro said, laying his thin hand on Pilgrim's arm, ' 1 believe I shall have glad news soon. What wind so sweet as that which brings to parent heart the wandering child f ' 'Have you heard anything?' Pilgrim asked, trying hard to keep down his impatience and fearing that it would overmaster him before he could get rid quietly of poor Jethro. ' I have been dreaming dreams ; I have been her in my dreams come back all bright and glorious ; I have dreamed the same dream again and again. She comes in grand procession ; like a fairy queen. For as I am a man I think tins lady to be my child Cordelia! Oh what bappintss it will be when she comes.' Tears were big in the old man's eyes; Pilgrim could see them even by the light of a Fitzurscham gas lamp. Fitzurse ham was veiy chary about its local illuminations. In all Pilgrim's own distress he could not but fee) a pang of pity for Marridew. In the contemplation of Memdew'6 craze he felt himself grow for the moment less wild than he had been. ' Let us hope she will come soma time soon,' he said soothingly. ' God is very good ; and you have waited a long time.' Then his mind went back to its own grievance again, and he said, ' I too have been waiting a long time, a long time.' 'Your' What have you been waiting for?' Jethro asked with some interest. He was shrewd enough on ail matters but those which concerned his lost daughter aud the certainty and manner of her return. ' You have no daughter to wait for.' ' I have been waiting for everything that makes life worth having; and 1 have not got anything I waited for. Perhaps ii was near and somebody came between. Look here, Jethro— suppose you knew your daughter was coming to you ? ' ' Suppose I knew ? Man, I will tell you I do know ; she is coming.' 'Weil — suppose at the last moment some one — some man — came in between you and her and took her frcm you, what would you do to him '- ' Jethro's eyes blazed with the fire of hatred and insanity, and be clutched Pilgrim's strong arm with liiB thin fingers, while he almost screamed out : ' What Vould 1 do to him? Why, kill bim ; kill him, kill him, to be sure. Are .you mad, Pilgrim, to ask me such a question ? Let me look at you.' He dragged Pil grim under tbe light of the lamp, and peered into his face with fiercely eager stare. ' 1 think I must bo getting mad, indeed,' Pilgrim said, 'when 1 talk in such a way to you. I ask your pardon, Mcrridew. I was thinking of something else. I am going on this way. I hope to hear good news from you soon.' Pilgrim was growing ashamed of himself «nd of his lack of self -control. 'You do look strange, though,' Merridew said. TTik flame of wrath had suddenly gone out. 'You do look strange, and it is a wild night, a naughty night to swim in, ss the mad king says. Go home, Pilgrim. It is not good to be abroad on a night like this. People who are out to night are apt to get mad somehow. 1 am a .little queer myself, and our old friend,' Watty Fitzurse — that self conceited young burlesque Lochinvar, that ran away with the rector's crazy daughter — ho seems to me to be as ma-i as a hatter.' ? 'Why? How? Have you seen him lately?' 'Saw him just now, or his ghost; it may have been a ghost, in the old churchyard, down by the river ; river that rollest by the ancient walls where dwells the lady of love — when she——' Pilgrim did not wait for any more of the quotation, but ran in the direction of the churchyard. The gates wore closed, but he knew well enough the easy way of entrance oyer the low wall which poor Vinnie had crossed on the night of her forlorn enterprise. He went in, and wander ing along one of the paths saw Fitzurse seated on the river wall and gazing on tho clouds which were drifting over the sky. In truth Walter was trying to ^conjure poetry out of the place, the hour, the evening clouds,* the river, his own darkened destiny. He hmi got on to the track of something rather fine when he was aroused by the crash of Pilgrim's feet on the gravel, and he stood up. ' 1 have been looking for you,'* Pilgrim said stemlv. 'Yes? What thaair' J 'I don't know what then, and I don't ranch care. They want yon at the rectory ; Mrs. Pollen told me to find you.' 'Thank you; I will go.' ' Stop I that isn't all. I saw you with Vinnie T-immfi. this evening. I saw you talking with her.' Walter did not like this, but he had to malm the best of it. He kept down his anger. ' Well, why should 1 not speak to her ? I have known her a long time. We are old friends.' 'Friends? Friends? You have been the girl's worst enemy. She was free of you at last; and now you take to Borgflonting her again. You let her alone ; listen to whatj. say ; if I find you ever seek out that girl again, or go near her or try to have any secret fedfe' with her — mind J give you fair warning, and Pll keep my word — ' Yes, what will you do Fitzurse was not wanting in mere physical courage; but there was something unnerving in the manner of this strong prematurely bowed gray man straightening himself op with a fierce and resolotfe effort, approaching nearer and nearer with livid face and glaring eyes. Walter shrank back In stinctively; he suddenly remembered Pilgrim's great strength.' Pilgrim caught him with both hands, one hand on each side of his coat collar, and held him- there, steadied him so that he might look more directly into his eyes, and said in a deep hoarse voice : ' I'll kill you, kill you; dead; dead!' Then he loosed his hands so suddenly that Walter stag gered back. - Like one breaking away from some fearful temptation, Pilgrim scrambled on to the river wall and dropped from it down upon Ihe ledge of strand, which the tide now left bare below. The drop must have been some 14 or 15 feet at least; but to PUgnm's mood it seemed as easy as stepping off . an ordinary side walk. The veiy manner of this sudden and strange disappearance enhanced in Walter's mind the uncanny and onmtoud nature of the whole 6cene. Pilgrim seemed like one possessed by a demon. His words sank into Walter's heart and filled him with a gloomy presentiment of ill and danger which he had not quite shaken off when he reached the Rectory. Chapter XLIV.— CAMIOLA STILL INTERCEDES. What was the feeling which filled Comiola'B heart when she heard the news that her Lover was safe thus Car, and that he had proved himself a hero ? Mrs. Pollen, we may be sure, watched the expression on her face very keenly, and soon came to a conclusion. ' I see,' she said quietly. ' You are getting reconciled to yourself, Camiola ; now that Georgie nas turned out bo fine a fellow.' Then she stopped purposely, and noted the sudden contraction of Camioia's cyebrowB, and the look that seemed like a hasty protest — ' No ; I didn't mean that, Camiola.' ' Didn't mean what, Mrs. Pollen ?' ' Didn't mean what you were goin g to disclaim. I said you were growing reconciled to yourself; not to him. What you were thinking of was — he can do better without me now.' Camiola coloured. 'Yes,' she answered; that is what I was thinking of : that was what first came into ray mind, 'l'hey will be all bo proud of him, and he will be bo de lighted, that I think, perhaps, he would not want me so much now. But 1 almost wish you hadn't 'guessed it all the same.' ' I didn'tgucss it; I never guess things; I saw it; I read it in your eyes.' '* Then I wish I had thought of closing my eyes just at the moment,' Camiola said with a smile that was tar from glad some. 'I wish I had (dosed them, and kept them dosed, until that thought had passed out of my mind. But it doesn't matter much after all. You know so many things about me, you may as well keep this thing- a secret as all the rest.' ' Just so,' Mrs. Pollen said complacently ; ' I do know & good deal about you.' There was a strange conflict of feeling in Cajniola*8 mind. She insisted that if Georgie wished to marry her she must still marry him ; she knew Mrs. Pollen would work heaven and earth to prevent ha*. She was sometimes impatient and almost angry at the sort of mastery over her which Mrs. Pollen assumed; she was often almost inclined to resent the persistency with which Mrs. Pollen maintained the cause of Romont; and yet she dung to Mis. Pollen as to a protecting power, as her last defence against her marriage with the young hero of the Egyptian fight. She felt that it was as Mrs. Pollen had put it; Mrs. Pollen was fighting Camioia's own battle against Camiola herself. | J ust as this feeling came clearly into her mind, Mrs Pollen suddenly said ; — ' Yes, Camiola, and I'll win the battle in tho end, you'll see! ' The girl positively started and looked amazed into Mrs. Pollen's face on thus finding the hidden thought of her bosom instantly translated into words, the moment it became a thought distinct enough to be recognised even by herself. ' Shall I tell you how I got to that ? ' ' Indeed I should' like to know. It seems to me positively | marvellous; like witchcraft.' ' Witchcraft ? No ; not even wit ; only observation. I saw the expression that came over your face when I got up — these sudden expressions are the flash-lights that guide me always, the expressions that come before the mind nas any time to oompewe itself oug make up its mind as to what it ought to think, and feel, and all that, don't you know ? Well, the expression on your face was just like that of a child who has been scolded by her mother and yet is afraid from some movement of the mother that she is going to be I left alone in the dark, and doesn't like it. Now I \- have been scolding you very often lately and you have been angry ; but you seemed for that moment as if you were afraid I was going to leave you in the dark. Why? Because you feel that I am fighting your battle against yourself, and you begin to think that I may win in the end. There you are, Camiola — 4 that only is the witchcraft I have used,' as the immortal bard, I think, expresses it.' Cumiola said no more on the subject. Christian* Pilgrim presently came in looking as pale and distraught as if he had seen a ghost, and told Mrs. Pollen that he had seen Mr. Fitzurse, ana that he he had no doubt Mr. Fitzurse was then at the Rectory. ' Then we'll not go over for a little, yet,' Mrs. Pollen said to Camiola. ' We'll give them an interval to arrange a treaty of peace if they can. I think I'll have my dinner ' now. Come and look on. Mr. Pilgrim, let thein light the music room. We'll go there after I have devoured my food, Camiola.' The devouring of the food was not a very lengthy opera tion. Mrs. Pollen was a poor eater. Camiola, with her healthy, young appetite, could have eaten twice as much. 'There,' said Mis. Pollen, 'I was so hungry; now that's done with. I am glad to be past the time when women have to affect not to be able to eat anything.' 'I am sure I never affect anything of the kind,' Camiola declared. ' 1 can eat, and 1 care not who knowB it.' ' But, then, do you know I think you are rather wanting in affectation ? 1 fancy a little affectation adds a charm. 1 sometimes wonder you can fetch tbe men, Camiola. You dont't seem to me to do-anything to attract them.' ' I don't attract them, except my unfortunate Georgie and — and, yes; very few others. I didn't attract the right one — in time, anyhow.' I suspect you would have found that you did, if only you had been a poor girl. Young men of spirit are sadly afraid uf being thought to makeup to agirl for her money.' 'If I loved — cared for a girl— if I were a man, I shouldn't stop to thinfe- whether she had money or not,' said Camiola, grandly. Some of this talk went on as they were going through the long corridor to the music room. Now Mrs. Pollen opened the door of the room, and they were going in. Camiola, who was first, drew bode in surprise. Walter Fitzurse was there, standing right before them. Nothing could be better composed and more picturesque than Fitzurse's attitude. He stood with his back lean ing against the door through which he had entered, and and his arms folded. His eyes were fixed upon the carpet. His face was absolutely colourless. His lips were firmly set together with the expression of one who is now made up for any fortune. There was, however, a slight peniten tial stoop of the shoulders, which seemed to appeal to the charity and indulgence of those who might look upon a forlorn youth, victim of errors whieh he aid not propose to defend, but victim also of an adverse fate. It is very difficult sometimes for one to analyse correctly one's own sen nations, and say whether the compound of emotion under certain circumstances has in it more of pleasure or more of pain. It would be hard for us, therrfore, to say whether iX this moment there was more of a feeling of pleasure or of pain in the untJndwtmntin heart of Walter Fitzurse. Certainly he felt like a rained man; but then he also felt that the part he was playing was delightfully romantic. ' You did not expect me here,' he said, in a low and pathetic tone. M Do not go, Mim Sabine ; I have n nth ing to say which yon may not hear.' ' Stay, Cauiiola,' Mrs. Pollen said decisively. 'No, I certainly didn't expect you here. How did you get in (*' 'Oh!' He moke in a voice of surprise and pain* ' Save you already forgotten* so Boon in the of my misfortunes, Duet yon once classed me among your chosen friends, and. that I have still your key to let me in ? I saw the lights ; one of your curtains is not drawn. I wanted to see you, and I am here.' 'Well, now that you are here, suppose we all sit down.' ' Walter placed chairs with an indescribable air of de throned -prince about all his movements. ' Youhave been to the Rectory f* ' I have. It is all over.' 'She will not go back?' ' She will not.' 'Have yon seen her?' 'No, she will not see me; die refused, absolutely. Her father and mother botf^ besought her ; rat she would not. Well, I don't blame her. She might have forgiven, per haps, hat she could not, and heaven knows die has had much wrong.' ' She has had veiy much wrong,' Mrs. Pollen raid sharply. ' She has ; I said so. Every one will say the same ; every one is against me. No one feels the slightest conoern for me.' He looked at Camiola and he saw that a look of ply came over her face. She did fed pity for him, he seemed so penitent so lonely, but die remained slent. ' If I could have seen her — if I could see her yet,' he exclaimed passionately, ' I think I could move her. It cannot be that she loves me still.' ' Oh, can't anything be done ?' Camiola interposed, un able any longer to control her feelings. Walter sent her a glande of the profoundest gratitude. It was with a feeling of almost ecstatic emotion that he found himself the object of her interest and her sympathy ; for so he read her pity for him, hef 'affection for Jannette. ' Thank you, Miss Sabine,' he said in a low tone, 'you have not steeled your heart against me.' ' Miss Sabine's heart is still youngand tender and fool ish,' Mrs. Pollen said. ' Miss Sabine doesn't know quite so much about that paragon of animals, man, as it has been my misfortune to do. Well, about anything bang dene, the question is, what can be done P' 'If Miss Sabine would plead for me,' he was be ginning. ' But she won't,' Mrs. Pollen broke in peremptorily. ' But I have,' Camiola 6aid ; 'I have done it already ; I have said what 1 could, and it was quite in vain.' 'Even to see me and hear me — even that; I ask no more -now ; surely she might concede that much !' '1 asked her,' Camiola said, pathetically, 'and she wouldn't.' ' Well, the best thing is,' she Baid, ' for you to go away now and leave me to think of what can yet be done, if any thing can be done. Suppose she will not see you, what then do you propose to do P' ' The beet thing for me would be death.' 'Yes,' Mrs Pollen said, after a pause, as if she had been seriously considering the matter; ' I rather agree with you there ; 1 think that would be the best way out of it for all parties ? ' ' Mrs. Pollen!' Camiola pleaded, 'how can you?' ' Well, he can't live for ever, you know,' the impertur bable lady replied ; ' but he is not going to die just this time. So we may put that out of the question. In the event then of the thunderbolt failing to be sent to strike you down, or the earth not opening to swallow you ; or, what is just as likely, your failing to drown or poison your self, what do you propose to do p' ' You are very hard on me,' he said, with a flush passing over his face as he felt the sting of her pitiless words, barbed by her utter disbelief in him and contempt for him. ' What do you think I ought to do? Would you like me to go away ; to become an exile? I will if you like.' 'Becoming an exile is, I suppose, heroic for going to America or Australia ? No ; that isn't my idea. My idea is this ; stay where you are ; go on with your work at the bar and your literary career, if you have any ; stick to your work; bite into it; shake off once for all your rubbish and. nonsense ; show your wife and your wife's people that you have some stuff in you ; do that and act like a man ; and even yet things may come right with you. Above all things, drop playacting. See yourself as you are^ and try to be something very different. A man could live down all this and much more ; be a man, that's all I have to say.' ' Then you don't wholly abandon me, even yet?' ' I ? Oh, well, I am rather a bad lot. I stick to people sometimes when all decent folk have felt compelled to throw them over. I'll see if 1 enn do anything. A good deal will depend on yourself. I tell you candidly I am getting tired of you. I think the best thing you can do now is to go. Leave me your address, and I will write to you when I have anything to say. Of course you ate not going back to the house that belongs to Mr. Lisle !' ' Never !' he exclaimed, with indignant emphasis. ' Unless I go back at Japette's wish and the wish of her parents.' ' Quite so,' Mrs. Pollen said, grimly. He had intended to go back and to keep there as long as he could, and she knew this. She knew there it by the sudden fervour of his denial. He laid upon the table his card with his West-end club address — he loved a West-end address. She nodded to him, and he was going. He looked so unhappy that Camiola could not help holding out her hand m pity to him. He took it, bent over it, and pressed it to his hps, and was gone in a moment. ' How could you let him put your hand to hia lips ?' Mrs. Pollen asked. ' I couldn't help it. I couldn't bear to see him go away like that. It is terrible to see a human creature— a man especially — brought so low and so crushed. Oh, I couldn't help giving him my hand, I couldn't, I couldn't. Don't wc all say every day in our prayers that we are miserable sinners ? What hypocrites we are if we don't mean it, and what awful humbugs if we do mean it and yet are pitiless to other sinners. 1 can't do it.' ' I wonder how many last chances he is to get ?' Mrs. Pollen asked after a moment. ' Well, I don't mind. Suppose we give him another? What do you say P' ' I would give him another,' Camiola declared with Promptitude and resolve. ' I would give him 20 others. think it is terrible to have these two separated for ever ; they must have loved each other once. I don't recognise my dear old Janctlc at all in thb.' ' Well, I was always a woman of softness and of senti ment. I am like Richard the Third, I am ' too childish — foolish, for this world,' Camiola. Since you back up his petition, I am prepared to grant it. But how can we bring it about? She refuses positively to see him. How are we to bring them together r' 4- Let him come here the day you have your mummeries; lelfhim mingle in the crowd and come ou her somehow.' ' Would shrt come, do you think ?' ' She will come, I think. She is very proud. She will want to show that the world goes on for her all the same ; and Mr. Lisle aud Lady Lctitia will be glad to see her do anything which may tend to discredit anything like scandal. If she is seen at your revelries, nine out of every ten people here will think that there is nothing in the whole story about her separation from her husband.' ' Dear me,' Mrs. Pollen observed, 11 what a great deal of the wisdom of the serpent is mixed lip with the harmless ncss of the - dove among you good people ! Now do you know that would never have occurred to me ? What I mean is that if I were determined to separate myself from my husband I would do so in defiance of all the world, and 1 shouldn't core who knew it.' . ' But in Mr. Lisle's case it is so different,' Camiola urged. ' A clergyman and a clergyman's family. Any scandal ami separation of husbands and wives might do so much harm, might seem to set such a bad example.' ' Just so : why doesn't Janette think of all that, and not * set the bad example?' ' I don't know. Her heart seems to be closed against him. Indeed, he is what people cail a bad lot, I am greatly afraid. Still he is her husband, and I can't hdp pitying him.' 'Nothing interests me,' Mrs. Pollen said, gravely, 'like the wiles of the simple and the dodges of the straight forward. It is to me a subject deserving of the profoundest contemplation. So we good people are all to play a little game, the Hector as well as the rest, to make tne outer public ttiinlr we are not doing what we are doing ! Well, anyhow, if this littie game is to be played, I- think yours is a capital notion. I'll write to him and ask him to come, and tell him how he is to manage. I'll answer for hie coming if you will answer for hers, Camiola.' *' Indeed, I'll not answer for anything of the kind now ; for all X put fa-U nuw tnim gome mtiaa into her head that die ought not to go out; and if she does I could not move her from that. I will do my best of course. She musn't be allowed to have any suspicion that he is going to be there. How sad it all is! What disappointment, and confusion, and separation ? ' Mrs. Pollen was growing impatient. She was afraid Camioia's kindly heart was likely to be imposed upon by what she considered to be mere acting and attitudinising. ' 'And mummery within mummery. Well, that is the way of life; and I am pleased that my mummery should now have a new «nfl romantic interest. Don't look horri fied, Camiola; I don't mean that I only care about the fun of the thing. If my mummery canvhfilp to bring these two together and make a man of that wretch, I shaD.be grateful to it.' ' As if I didn't know you,' was all Camiola said. Now, this mummery of which they had been talking -was an entertainment which Mrs. Pollen had been planning for all and sundry in Fitzurseham, and which was to take place in the restored and renovated Fiteurse House. It was to bo her housewarming, in fact ; and there were to be dramatio tnKLxm-r and mnch music, and various games and sports, and eating and drinking. When the news came of Georgie's danger, Mrs. Pollen thought of putting it off ; but now that he was known to be safe, that he had performed what die was pleased to call in her irreverent way 'prodigies of valour,' there seemed only the greater reason why Fitzurseham should rejoice. By a happy coincidence a travelling circus company, attracted Jto 'Frtznrseham by the fame of the new life Mrs. Pollen's settlement there had infused into the region, was coming with its show just at the same time, and Mrs. Pollen had a strong notion'of engaging some of its beauty and talent, its trained dogs, and even its accomplished ponies, in order that her poor neighbours might enjoy the sights without having to pay for the pleasure. In this entertainment it was now designed that Walter Fitzurse should have his last chance. [In consequence of our Christmas Number being issued next week, the next chapters of ' Camiola ' will not appear until the following week's issue. J 