Chapter II.—""\Ve Pray with Light' Loves ix the Portar." Colonel Sfcukely had been a guest at Darnel Manor for nearly two months. He had ex plored all the country side within thirty miles, looking for that ideal estate—a small but per fect house, with perfect stables, a good old fashioned garden, and about forty acres of fertile pasture—which he had dreamed of for many a year under the tropic stars, and which he found almost as difficult of attainment as if he had wanted an estate in one of those very stars. _ The colonel and his host drove many a mile in Sir Allan's dog-cart with the high stepping horse to see places which were de scribed in auctioneers' advertisements as earthly paradises, and which generally proved the kind of habitation that a man buys in an interval of lunacy, with insane ideas of im provement or reconstruction, and which he tries to shuffle off upon a new victim directlv lie recovers his senses, i The colonel made shorter pilgrimages in his god-daughter's pony carriage; Gracie very proud of driving her warrior about the country. But as yet nothing beyond the pleasure of exploring a charming landscape in the golden harvest - time had resulted from their ex cursions. Yes, there had been one result, and an im portant one so far as Grace Darnel was con cerned. During one of these rustic jaunts the girl took courage and opened her heart to her godfather, the most faithful and the most in dulgent friend she had ever known from the days of her childhood. They went a little further than usual on this occasion, to a place which had been described as a gem of picturesque beauty; and which turned out to be a dilapidated farmhouse situated on the edge of a swamp, and sur rounded by meadow-land that would have cost a small fortune to drain. The colonel was amused rather than indignant at the discre pancy between, the place itself and the auc tioneer's advertisement, and laughed heartily at his own disappointment. " To think that we should have driven eleven miles through some of the vilest roads in Wilts to look at such a god-forsaken hole as this," he exclaimed, after he and Grace had perambu lated the neglected old garden and had emerged upon the road in front of the gates. There was a long wooden bridge a few paces further on, spanning an expanse of watery pasture, full of reed and bulrush, and on this bridge the colonel stood, with his arms folded on the handrail, looking lazily at the cows up to their haunches in the rank verdure. He turned round, smiling at his god daughter, expecting her to be amused at this latest example of house agents'inventive facul ties ; but to his surprise and discomfiture he found her in tears. "Ythy, Gracie," he cried tenderly, "what is amiss with my little girl ?" "Everything," Grace answered vehemently. I must tell some one. I cannot bear it any longer. To be so base, so secret, so false to those I love ! I bate and despise myself. I really think I am the wickedest, meanest girl in England. I had rather tell you than any one else, because you are always indulgent, and you won't preach as papa would. He would forgive me in the end, I daresay, but he would fcegin by preaching—and I am so unhappy that I don't think I could bear a word." "My dearest Gracie, you mean ! You de ceitful ! I would not hear your enemy say so. and leave him unkicked. Nonsense, child," said the colonel cheerily, laying his friendly hand upon Grace's shoulder. Her head was bent so that he could not sea her face, and her tears were dropping into the rank grass and making the meadow a little more watery for the cows. "Stuff and nonsense, my dear. Some little girlish folly which you have con- ! cealed from Sir Allan, _ and which your own fancy has exaggerated into a matter of im portance." " It is not a little folly, colonel. It is a big folly. I am engaged to be married—to a person whom my father has never seen—of whose very existence he is ignorant. "Humph," exclaimed Stnkely, "that sounds rather serious. But people get out of such engagements - occasionally." "I shall never get out of mine," answered Grace, with a heroic air, " I would die rather than break my word." "Of course, of course," said the godfather soothingly, " More especially as the person to whom I am engaged is very badly off. and not able to " " To maintain you," interjected the colonel. Naturally, my dear, naturally. That is an excellent reason for sticking to him. And now tell me all about it. "When and where did you meet this gentleman ?" "In Paris, at the Louvre." " The big shop for gowns, and bonnets, and things ?" " No, the picture gallery." "Who introduced him to you?" " Nobody. A mahl stick." " A mahl stick introduced him ?" "Oh, godfather, please don't be shocked. I know how horrid it all was—how unladylike— how improper. I hare thought about it, and cried over it many a time since I came home. Nobody introduced him to me. Yon know how fond I am of painting. I worked very hard when I was in Paris, and I got permission from Madame Sartori to go and paint three times a week at the Louvre. Horrid old thing, I believe she was glad to get rid of me. She told off one of the governesses—a domestic drudge, a lady-help sort of person—to go with me, for which father paid five guineas a term extra. It was all very correct and proper so far. In fine weather we used to walk from Passy to the Louvre. In wet weather we had a .fiacre, which I used to pay for out of my pocket-money. Lady Darnel and father between them kept me very handsomely supplied. "No doubt," said the colonel, "audi have observed that' Satan finds some mischief still,' as Dr. Watt says, for school boys and girls who have too much pocket-money. Go on, Grace." _ "One day I was copying a Madonna, by Guido not a bit like, I know—for my Madonna would come out with a purple complexion, like a cabman in cold weather, and the picture was hung high. So I had to sit on a kind of plat form four feet off the ground. It was verv nice sitting up there and looking down at 'r'he people and at the other students, The-.e were three or four in the room. One of tben, n remarkably handsome young JTmn who was copying a little Wonvermar s, "in waScolons m a spirited, dashingstym, which I thought u onderfullj cle\ er. He looked dreadfully ill, larH lnrl -1-" ^'eeks, such a hag f-"41lh' i -!S ng<° ':lark eJ;es. But that n.iLiirally made him all me more interesting. "Naturally," said, the colonel, "given a young man without a sixpence and with a marnea tencley,Cy fc0 pulmonary consumption, and granted a generous-hearted girl the result may be calculated upon as a certainty. Of course you fell in love with him on the spot." v. /■am n°k k'n<i parson, colonel. I <v-''a't suppose I should ever have given him a serious thought if it had not been for the acei | dent which introduced us to each other. lie i talked a good deal to a frumpish little elderly j woman who was toiling at a big altar-piece, and who looked as if she worked for her living, j lie had such bright, winning ways that I could not help noticing- him—a little. Mademoiselle | Louge, the governess, said he was the hand I soinest young man she had ever seen. One day I I dropped my mahl stick." "On purpose?" " Oh, colonel, how can you think so meanly of me. No, it was pure accident. He flew to pick it up. I thanked him—and then he lingered and began to talk." " Was he a frenchman ?" "A thorough Parisian. He told me in the politest way that my flesh tints were too blue, and gave me some excellent hints about color. Then lie went back to his easel, and took no further notice, except a particularly graceful bow when I left the room. When I went back two days afterwards he was there again, at another Wouvermans. He bowed when I went in ; gentlemen bow first in France, you know ; and I could not be so bearish as not to ac knowledge his bow. _ I got on to my platform, and iioor Mademoiselle Bouge sat on her usual bench and stared at the pictures in her usual sleepy way. My hand trembled so that I could hardly paint." " And yon dropped your mahl stick again." "No, colonel. How can you imagine such conduct.' 1 on have evidently a poor opinion of girls. I went on painting, wretchedly, for half an hour or so, getting that poor Madonna bluer and bluer with every touch of the brush, and just as I was beginning to despair of her the young French man came over to me and asked me if I would allow him to give 'me a few more hints upon coloring and harmony, and so on. I neither said yes nor no, only murmured vaguely, like a shy simpleton as I was. He seemed to think this gave him full permission, and he took the picture in hand and told me how I had gone wrong, and showed me what to do. This was the begin ning of our friendship, which came about very gradually, almost unawares; but in a fort night's time we were friends. We did not talk much. That would have been impossible in a public room and under the eye of Made moiselle Bouge; but he used to contrive to give me a letter every time we met, and he was wonderfully clever at slipping the letter under my color-box or into my hand without poor old Bouge seeing him. " He had done the same kind of thing very often before, no doubt." " You ought not to say that, colonel, it is not like your usual kindness. No, he told me, in his very first letter, that lie had never been really in love before." "They never have," muttered the colonel. "Pie wrote the loveliest letters." "And you answered them?" "I was obliged to answer sometimes. I hardly knew how wrong it was. You see I had been brought up in a place where I knew everybody, and I had no idea of being afraid of strangers. I told him who I was, and how I was finishing my education at Madame Sartori's, and he told me his own history, and that he was an orphan quite alone in the world, and that he belonged to a good old Burgundian family, and that he had come to Paris to study art." " A regular Bohemian, no doubt." "You ought not to say that, godfather. He always looked like a gentleman, though his clothes were shabby. And though he lived on the left side of the .Seine, iu the student's quarter, his manners were perfect." "And liis name. He had a name, I suppose." "His name is Victor de Camillac,"answered Grace, with dignity; " and I am engaged to him." "Really and truly engaged to him? That is carrying things rather far with a young man with whom you only exchanged a few words about painting, and half a dozen surreptitious love letters." "There were a great many more than half a dozen," answered Grace, "he wrote volumes. He gave me a letter every time I went to the Louvre—such clever letters, so eloquent, so poetical." " I knew the kind of thing. He is one of those men with whom letter-writing is a com plaint," said the colonel. " Your dragon, Miss Bouge, must have been a very sleepy personage to have had no suspicion of what was going on under her nose." " Oh, she had lier suspicious," poor soul, but I persuaded her to keep my secret. I blush to say that I appealed to her meanest in stincts." " As how ?" "You know the confectioner's at the corner of the Rue Castiglione ?" "No." " Don't you? How I pity you. It is one of the best—I believe it is the best confectioner's in Paris. I used to take Bouge there every afternoon when we left the Louvre. ' Now, dear,' I used to say, ' take whatever you fancy,' and the poor soul used to revel in eclairs and choux, and brioches and meringues, and red currant syrup to an alarming extent." "How she must have missed you when you left school," said the colonel, laughing. He could not bring himself to be very angry with his goddaughter for this folly of liers; nor could he think very seriously of this inter change of love-letters with a shabby-genteel Frenchman. The whole business seemed at the first blush too foolish for grave considera tion ; and yet on reflection Colonel Stukely told himself that it was a kind of folly which might entail disagreeable consequences. Very dis agreeable if the young man were a scamp, and the circumstances favored that inference, "And do you mean to say, Gracie,"he began after a pause, "that you have engaged yourself in black and white to a man of whose surround ings and antecedents you knew absolutely nothing ?" "I knew everything," she answered indig nantly. "Victor told me his whole history. He was thoroughly frank. He confessed that he had only just enough to live upon poorly and in a poor quarter. His father had been ruined by the Mexican war, having been tempted to put all his money into Mexican bonds. When his father died Victor came to Paris to study art, in the hope of becoming a distinguished painter, like Meissonier or Vidal. If I would promise to marry him he told me should have a new incentive to iu dustry._ perseverence, patience—the holiest and purest incentive. "That fetched you," said the colonel, "and yen promised ?" " Kot for months after I received that letter. What a very feeble person you must think me, colonel." "I think j'ou an adorable little goose," said her godfather. " I don't think I should have consented to engage myself to him," pursued Grace, "only one day 1 missed him in the room where he and I had both been working." "Still at your Guido?" "Oh, no, I had gone into another room, and I was copying a flower piece. Victor advised me to paint flowers and fruit and things—dead nature, as he called them—rather than Italian Madonnas, One day he was missing, and the next tune, and the next. I had not seen him for a week. I felt sure that he must be ill. I was very unhappy about him; haunted by the image of his poor pale face. At the end of the week he wrote to me, under cover to Made moiselle Bouge, who brought me the letter to my room, with a fearful countenance, and told_ me it might have been the ruin of her to receive it; which was sheer nonsense, as even IN! a dame Sartori's sharp eyes could not read the inside of a thick envelope." " The letter told you he was dying, I pre sume," said the colonel. "It was only a few lines scribbled with a pencil, and written from what he thought ■would be his deathbed. It was a last adieu ; for he told me that he had no hope of seeing me again." " 1 ou did not go to see him, I hope," said the colonel anxiously, not knowing to what compromising step the girl might "have been tempted, in her inexperience of life. " That would have been impossible. I think I might have persuaded that good old Bouge to ask for an evening out, and to go and see him for me. But there was no address to his letter. There never had been any address to his letters." "A curious gentleman, to be ashamed to own where he lived," said the colonel. " It was only pardonable pride, poor fellow. He knew that my people were rich, and he was ashamed to let me know how shabby a street he lived in. As if that would make any difference to me !" "You answered the deathbed letter?" xes, godfather," Grace answered softly, hanging her pretty head, and contributing a few more tears to the watery meadow. " And what kind of letter did you write, my dear ?" asked the colonel gently. "I'mafraid it was a very foolisli one. I was so sorry for him, poor fellow—so sorry to think of his being alone, dying, in a wretched lodging—and I begged him to get well for my sake, and told linn that I would be true to him in his poverty, and that if he would be content to wait for me till I could win my father's consent to our marriage, and be constant to me as I would be to him, perhaps for years, I would give him the promise that he had so often pleaded for in those beautiful letters." "lam very glad you made the matter con tingent on your father's consent, my love," said the colonel cheerily. " The business is not half so bad as I thought. Was there any thin0- more m your letter ?" " Only that if my father should refuse his consent to our engagement I would never marry anyone else. So far at least I was my own mistress. I might not be allowed to marry htm. I loved my father too well to be disobedient or rebellions. But I pledged my self to be true to Victor even iu life-Ion* severance," " "Whew," exclaimed the colonel. " A pretty kettle of fish ! And is that why you so unmerci fully snubbed young Colchester, the master of the hounds, when we were out cub-liunting the other morning ?" "I am not aware that I snubbed Mr. Col chester, ' said Grace, blushiDg furiously. _" Oh, but he was aware of it. You treated him shamefully ! Such a nice young fellow too, and so particularly attentive to you—opening gates and making way for yon at fences, and lingering by your side to talk wlieu he ought to have had no eyes except for those young hounds pi his, till at last you drove Mm away by sheer incivility. When a man is lord of the manor and master of the hounds he hardly expects to be treated like that." "I have notliing to do with Mr. Colchester's expectations," answered Grace, tossing up her head, but with tears still in the sweet hazel eyes. "It is cruel of you to talk like that, god father, when I have told you that I am bound poor victor by a most sacred promise." Did you see much more of poor Victor after the deathbed betrothal ?" " We only met once after that, for my last term at Madame Sartori's was just coming to an end, and father and mother were coming to fetch me. Victor came to the Louvre on the very last day I painted there, looking like a ghost, poor fellow, and with a feverish light in his eyes. He ought not to have left his bed, but he was determined to see me before I went back to England. His poor hand trembled like a leaf when we shook hands. He thanked me with tears in his eyes for my letter, and implored me to keep my promise. lie said he was prepared to wait a lifetime for me, but he hoped to overcome my father's objections to our marriage jin a year or so, when he should have sold a few pietures and exhibited in the Salon. ' Directly I have a little money and a shred of reputation I shall come to Darnel and ask for your hand boldly,' he said. I told him that my father was the most generous of men, and that I had plenty of money for both of us." "And so you parted. And you have cor responded with him ever since, I conclude ?" "We have corresponded—at intervals. Victor writes the loveliest letters ; but lie is a very irregular correspondent. Sometimes a month goes by without my hearing from him, and I am tortured by the idea that he is ill or dying—dead, perhaps; while I am amusing myself playing tennis, and going to parties, in ignorance of his fate. And then comes a long eloquent letter explaining his silence. He has been ill and out of spirits, too depressed to write, afraid to plague me with his misery—or he has been working at a picture like a demon, only to have it refused at the Salon." "Not a cheerful correspondent," said the colonel. "And now, Gracie, my pet, my darling, whom I can remember a chubby baby in a white frock and blue shoulder- knots, anl with little blue shoes—how proud you were of those little shoes—now tell me, honestly, frankly, bravely, are you desperately in love with this young Prench painter, whose face your father has never seen " I was very fond of him, colonel, or I should never have given that promise." "Of course not. But you have had a year and a half for sober reflection. A long time in such a young life as yours. And reflection has told you that you were very foolish to give such a promise, and you would be very glad to be released from it." 'Tor my father's sake," faltered Grace. "Yes, I should be glad to be free from that foolish engagement; for I am afraid it would grieve my dear father. And he is so good to me—so indulgent; every new kindness of his seems like a knife plunged into my heart." "Well, my dear girl, you have two duties before you, painful perhaps both of them, Birst, to tell Sir Allan everything just as frankly as you have told me; secondly, to write to Monsieur Camillac, requesting him to release you from your promise." "Oh, 110, no, colonel, don't ask me. I could not tell my father, and I could not ask Victor to release me ; not now, while he is poor and ill and unhappy. If he were to become rich, admired, famous, I would not mind asking him to set me free." " That is just like my generous, romantic Gracie," said the colonel, smiling. "You would be true to a pauper and a failure ; but you would ask for your freedom from a success ful painter. Well, my child, you have trusted me, and 1 must prove myself worthy of your confidence. Take time to think of what I said just now. I feel sure that you will not be happy till you have made a full confession to your father, who would not scold you a whit more severely than I have done." "But he would be so shocked, so grieved," exclaimed Grace. " I could not endure to see the grieved look in his face ; his surprise in finding that I had kept a secret from him. He always praises me for my candour—and to find out all at once that I am a whited sepulchre, No, I could not bear it!" " Better to pluck up your courage, Grace, and take the bull by the horns. A secret like yours cannot be kept for ever. This Monsieur Camillac is poor, an artist, and a Bohemian ; and he knows that you are rich and will have an independent fortune under your mother's settlement when you come of age. I suppose you told him that." "I told him all about myself and my people." "Well, my dear child, can you suppose that a young man in his circumstances will be patient for ever, will hold his peace for ever, when he has a chance of marrying an heiress ? Be sure that however quiet he may be now he will push his claims vigorously when you come of age. And that will be " " Next year," sighed Grace. "Then, my love, the sooner you face your difficulties boldly the better it will be for your chances of happiness. Tell your father every thing while I am on the premises ; and if my Grace wants any backer with the most indul gent of fathers she knows she has a sturdy champion in her faithful old colonel.' " Dear godfather, how good you are to me," murmured Grace, lifting up the soldier's sun burnt hand and kissing it. "And now I think those ponies of yours must have had their mouths washed out and be ready for action," said the colonel, who did not wish to press the sinner too hard just at first, trusting to Grade's own reflections to bring about the desired result. They walked back to the carriage in silence, Grace very downcast; but the colonel talked of indifferent matters in his pleasantest manner all the way home, and contrived to put his goddaughter into good spirits again before they reached Darnel Park, (To he continued.) 