TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS By Asmodeus. Racing men will not bo behind hand iu their demonstrations of loyalty to her Sovereign Majesty Queen Victoria on tho occasion of the sixty-sixth anniversary of her birthday. Raco meetings will be held all over the colony, pri mary attention being directed as usual to Flemington, where tho members of. the Mel bourno Hunt Club will celebrate tbe opening of tlio season preparatory to responding to tbe wel- como " Hark halloa 1" Tbo programmo to bo played out next Monday under tho auspices of our friends of tho chase is an improvement on pre vious proclamations emanating from tho samo quarter, -the Birthday Handicap, of 200 sovs. , being a prominent feature iu tho publication. It is to be hoped the efforts of tho Hunt Club will bo sufficiently appreciated to encourage the executive in their endeavor to raise tho status of their periodical gatherings by mean3 of offering for competition stakes of increasod value. Business will opeu with tho Selling Race, which at present wears an uncertain aspoct, tho candidates numbering fifteen. Of these I don't supposo more than six or seven will seo tho post, and provided Gold Top is amongst thorn ho should go very noar re peating his Moonee Valloy victory, and lVarina and Anagram would also bo dangerous with a start. Thore' promises to.be a large field for tbe Hurdle Race, tho real Issiio of which may rest between Minerva 10 st. 7 lb., Chatsworth 9 St. 10 lb., and Dunloary O et. 4 lb., who I prefer in tho order indicated. In the Birthday Handicap I shall plump for Camerine, and regard Pailleroo and Mentmoro as her most dangerous opponents. Tho Handicap Bteeple- chaso I shall assign to Songster, next to whom Topsail and Nattvo are perhaps most worthy of consideration. Stafford or Sir Charles possess prior claims in tho Seoond Selling Raco ; and it would not surpriso mo to see Meander and the Ghost Qglit out tho concluding event of the day, the Welter Handicap Flat Race. Simultaneously with tho Queen's Birthday do ings at Flemington tho Sydney Turf Club will hold high carnival at Randwick, to assist at whioh a number of Victorians havo already token their departure. Tho Rosohill fixture this afternoon will servo to introduce the more important mooting to follow on Monday. Tho prinolpal events to bo deoided on New South Wales territory to-day aro tho Telegraph Stakes, Limited Haudloap and Stewards' Purso. Tho company is uot first olass in tho first named contest, and I shall bo fully proparod for tho vlotory of oithor Espleiglo orLoomah. Phaon, now that ho has displayed a winning penchant, should msko a bold bid for tho Limited Hancllonpi nnd tho Stewards' Farso may go to Rapid or St. Laurence. On opera tions being resumed at Randwick on Monday there will bo considerable interest aroused by tho contests for the Royal Stakos and Birthday Cup, each of which will attract large fields. Were Moscotte, 7 et. 10 lb., really well I should search no further for tho winner of tho Royal Stokes, but she has gone through a deal of hard work during tho last two months, and it may fall to tho lot of Zeno or Astrcea to supply tho winner. I shall couple First Demon and Anchorite to represent me in tho Birthday Cup. Rocket and Michael may pull tl r ugh in the Hurdlo Race ; and Rainbow or Emilius in the Corinthian Cup. To-day tho Adelaide Racing Club will com mence their annual 'meeting on tho Park Lands course, and operations will extend over Monday and Saturday next. The prohibition of betting and abolition of tho totoliBator arc twin combi nations whioh will strongly militato agaiust tho financial napcct of the reunion ; the racing, nevertheless, may provo thoroughly enjoyable to those who are of opinion that betting is an un necessary evil in connection with the sport of tho turf. It is to be hoped the meeting will bo patronised iu a mauner calculated to augur hopefully for tho speedy ro-cstoblishment of racing on a proper basii in South Australia. Tho majority of tho candidates for tho two principal events, tho City Handicap and Birth- day Cup, have recently revealed their form to such an extent at Flemington that their re spective chances of success ought to be toler ably well guaged. Both handicaps are framed on a much heavier scalo than those of tho V.R.C. code, which circumstance at first sight appears unfavorable to the top weights ; still closer observation shows that they are by no means harshly used, and in fact favors the supposition that the winners will come from amongst thom. At any rate, this is the opinion I have formed. Lord Wilton is such an improving horse that, notwithstand ing his penalty, I confidently expect to see him make a bold bid for the double coup, and if he is doomed to defeat in cither or both events, it may be at the hands of Gratitude in the short distanco race, and by Sardius in the Birthday Cup. In the Steeplechase I entertain a jjartiality for Sir Ewan. Tho Hurdle Race may bo won by Brigand or Lady Melissa, which ever starts, the Trial Handicap by Shvlock or The Baron, tho Handicap Selling Race by The Lawn or OukapariDga, the Nursery Handicap by Antonio or Tho Treasurer, the Selling Steeplechase by Darkie, nnd the Su burban Handicap by Shvlook or Miss Merlin. There will be a plethora of provincial racing in celebration of the Queen's Birthday, meet ings boing announced to take place at Belfast, North Hamilton, Shepparton, Mitiamo, Wangarntta, Glenorchy, Springdale, Spring field, Lindenow, Mncartliur, Drysdale and Bungareo Junction. At Mitiamo, Bookmaker and Brunette should take some boating for tho Flying Stakes nnd Mitiamo Handicap ; while Bcndigo reads well for the Hurdle Race. At Lindauow, Jack Roach will probably be hard to defeat in tho Publicans' Purso ; and Brim- stono toko some doing in the Hurdlo Race. At Shepparton I like Defiance for the Hurdle Race, Trifle or Verbena for the Birthday Handicap, Polestar or Heptakos for tho Ladies' Bracelot, and Trifle or Mario for the Flying Handicap. At Bourko, Chieftain or Cupidon ought to turn up trumps in tho Central Australian Handicap, and Garnet put forward a bold front in tho Hurdlo Race. At Waugaratta I expect to hoar of Ariel proving victorious in tho Birthday Handicap. Mr. W. S. Cox held a very successful meeting at Moonoo Valloy on Saturday last, the weather, tho racing and the "gato" being aliko satisfactory. Fern6ido opened by win ning tho Trial Stakes, aud thus made amends for recent disappointments with Conjecture, Ilampsteod, Meteor and Co. Gymkhana jus tified the confidence displayed in her by a very numerous following by appropriating tho West Bourko Handicap, Ringmaster and Umberto following her home. Tho Caulfield trained horse, Topsail, won the Steeplechaso easily from Granville, Chester boing third; and in the Selling Raco the placed horses were Gold Top, St. Andrew and Stationer. Ariel carried off tho May Handicap, Gymkhana this time only gaining second honors, and Umborto again fill ing tho third position. The meeting was un doubtedly one of tho most enjoyable ever held at Mooneo Valley ; tho Steeplechase especially providing some interesting sport, the specta tors cheering the competitors heartily as they cleared tho water jump in fine stylo. Tho following programme has boon adopted by the Wyndham Racing Club for tho meeting which takes placo on Saturday, 13th June Trial Stakes of 30 sovs., half a mile; Hurdle Race of 40 sovs., one mile and a half ; Selling Stakes of 40 sovs., five furlongs: Steeplechase of 50 sovs., two miles ; Windsor Handicap of 50 sovs., three- quarters of a mile. The day of entry is fixed for Monday, 1st June. Tho sale of racohorses held by Messrs. Camp bell, Pratt and Co., at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday last was fairly well attondod. Tho bidding was brisk, and in all cases tho animals fetched good prices. Mossy Face, 2 yrs., by Wollomai out.of Daphne, was sold to Mr. H. Conolly for 95 guinoas; Tomahawk, 4yrs., by Baba out of Nauoy Boll, by Sundown, was bought by Mr. Bracken for 32guineas; Jack Roach, 3 yrs.,by Silence, was passed in at 145 guineas; and Raven, a black borso, was knocked down to Mr. Allnrdyco for 27 guineas. Tho sale of booths and gates at tho Hunt Club meeting to be held at Flemington on Monday next was hold at Kirk's Bazaar on Tues day, when the following were sold Hill : 6a, Mr. H. Sklnnor, £12 j No. J, Mr. Roynolds, £12 ; No. 4, Mr. Sbeehan, £7 ; No. 7, Mr. Evans, £5 ; No. 9, lunoheon booth, was passod, as were two booths on the fiat. Outer carriago paddock, Mr. Boulgor, £5 10s.; gates, Mr. Gobio, £24. Total, £65 10s, Mr. D. M. Robertson's horse3 Oil Chance, Claudlan and Coronet left for Sydnoy on Wed nesday by the s. Laura, Gallagher's recent purohaso, Colstoun, being also on board. The stooploehaser Merlin, by Proto Martyr— Poetess, died on Monday night, 1 . Intending riders in tho Welter Handicap Flat Raco at Flomingtoh on Monday, who are no! members of the Melbourne Hunt Club, are re minded that to obtain tho necessary qualifica tion of honory membership, their names must be submitted to the committeo not lator than twe 0 clock on the day of tho race. A lad named Addison had his leg broken through being thrown whilst riding on th« training ground at Adelaide on Thursday. Thil is tho second accident in Adelaido during tin ' week. Splendid entries havo been received for tin . Sydnoy Turf Club s Amateur Meeting, which takes place at Randwick on Saturday next, the 30th iust. Tho Flying Handicap has attracted 35, Corinthian Stakes 36, Tho Amateur Cup 28, The Two Year Old Plate 11, and the Ladies Bracelet 66 entries. St. Lawrence, who ii entered for tho Flying Handicap, is tho soli representative of Victoria. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. havo sold on account of Mr. James Mitchell, of Tablotop. the following horses : — Bay mare, 5 years, by Glorious Bluebell, £65 ; bay horse, 4 years, by Glorious— Ruby, £35; bay filly, by Glorious- Quickstep, £31 ; bay filly, by Glorious— Now Warrior mare, £23 ; Khan, g g, 6 years, £21 . bay gelding, by Glorious, £20. Huxley, the well known Now South Wales horseman, is recovering from his recent severs illness. - - Bargo and Tremando aro advertised for private sale. Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs thi following quotations:— Royal Stakes; 8 to 1 against Lord Exetor and Honey Dew | 10 to 1 Astrea, Zeno and Mascotte ; 12 to 1 - Ellington and His Worship. Birthday Cup 1 8 to 1 against Anchorite; 10 to 1 Venetia ; 11 to 1 Merlin, First Demon and Lord Clifton. A meeting of bookmakers was held in Sydney on Wednesday night for tho purpose of forming a second betting club on tho Bamo lines as thai of Bowes's Tattersall3 in Melbourne, to he called tho " Metropolitan Tattorsalls Club." Tho new venture will have its head quarters at tlij rooms lately occupied by the Chester Club. At an influential meeting held on Monday even ing, at the Terminus Hotel, Dargalong, it wat decided to form a race club, to be entitled th< Murchison and Dargalong Turf Club. Mr. Wm. J. Winter, M.L.C., was appointed chairman, and about twenty members wero enrolled. This club should have a prosperous careor, as the racecourse reserve is second to none in tin colony, and securely fenced. About £30 was subscribed towards tho erection of a stand. J. Hill, of Adelaide, has named two of his youngsters, the hay colt by Englishman out 0! Catspaw being called Telephone, and tha brown colt, half brother to Little Jack, by Bothnal Green out of Charade, Micawber.) Our Adelaido correspondcut notifies that on Tuesday afternoon, while Dalloy, the jockey, was schooling Fuseo over tho hurdles on the old" course, tho horse fell and broko the boy's log. Tho champion Tasmanian hurdlo racer, Castleton, has been purchased by a Victorian owner, and since joined H. Tibballs's toam at Flemington. Castleton, by Castla Hill from Jenny, by Carmiscut of The Dove, was bred by Mr. p. V7. Field and purchased by J. Powell foi 15 sovs. Since he camo into the latter's pos session ho has won about 120 sovs. in stakes, and as tho selling price is nowgiven as 200 sovs., the son of Castla Hill has been a decided bargain to the Tasmanian trainer. It is said that there is a probability of Thomas Wilson, tho well known Dowling Forest trainer, taking up his permanent abodo in Tasmania. "Merlin" in tbe Tasmanian, says that Mr. John Field for somo time has had an eyo upon Gang Forward with a view of securing him for tha Calstock 6tud, but Sir Tbomas Elder docs not care about parting with tha horse. Sir Thomas, however, has generously consented, 1 believe, to allow Mr. Field to put throe mares to the Two Thousand winner freo of charge. Tho cablegrams roocived relative to tho de. parture of Mr. W. Robinson's horsos from Now Zealand have boon misinterpreted, and instead of " Vanguard and Oudeis being shipped fo Sydney, en route for England, to tako part in tho Liverpool and Manchester raco meetings,' tho true information respecting Mr. Robinson's horse3, as well as tho circumstance which led to tho misrepresentation in tho Melbourna papers, is thus furnished by " Sir Launcelot" in tho Kcw Zealand Referee : — Vanguard, Oudois, Liverpool and Manohostcr will bo taken to Sydney on 28th April in tho s. Wakafipu to try their luck on tho racecourses of " t'other side of tho wator." Mason will accompany tha horses as trainer, and Derritt will go over to ride them in thoir races. I understand tha crack horseman of this colony is under a two years' engagement to the registered owner ot tho " whito jacket and black and gold belt," and I hopo to hear of his showing Hales and O'Brien and tho other " don3" among tho Aus tralian jocks that New Zealand can produce o horseman as good as they. As there Is another colt of tho name of Manchester running in New South Wales in Mr. W. A. Long's colors, I be lieve the name of tho half brother to Welcome Jack, who ran second to Stonyhurst in tha Champagne, will be changed to Winchester. Painstaking young James Webster willbe left in charge at Yaldhnrst, where Wizard will undergo his preparation for tho Canterbury Derby. In its editorial columns the same journal makes further allusion to tho New Zealand! contingent. — " Not to Welcome Jaok alone id to bo left the task of upholding tho honor oi . tha Now Zealand turf in a distant land, for Mr. Robinson has deoided to ship Vanguard, Oudeis, Liverpool and Manchester to Australia In a fetf days. While regretting his determination, on tho ground that tho turf world ol this colony can ill afford to lose euoh a wealthy patron," we admire his pluok, and hopo to see It rewarded. But the Australian hnndicappere must be kindel than tboy have been on previous ocbaslbae when Now Zealand horses have coma under thoir purview. Welcome Jaok has reoeived hla full share of weight since ho has been expat riated hence, and so far he has not distinguished himself on tho elastlo tur! of Flomlngtoiz-<Ths head quarters of the turf in Victoria-will not be the scone ot tho preparation ot the quartet s . that are now being taken to to- their fortunes under the sunny skies of Australia, but Rand- wick will be' their abiding place, and wo presume that, should the weights suit, they will open their Australian campaign at the Bawkcsbury Meeting at tho latter end of August. Their owner evidently does not Intend to not in a half hearted way, for Mason .tnd Dcrritt will accompany tho team, and Mr. Bobinson himself will follow later on. We hope, if ho does win a big race ho will smite tho Philistines of tho betting ring hip and thigh — and in Australia they can stand a heap of smiting too — and the best luck we can wishhim is, that when ho has got a ' good thing,' he " will not experience as diro misfortnno as he did in England, when his filly Gratitude, backed for pounds, shillings, and ponce, was beaten by a head for the Cesarewitch of 1864." The departure of Mr. Robinson's horses does not appear to have given universal satisfaction, for the Dunedin correspondent of tho Referee remarks that tho news created quite a commotion in Dunedin. Backers are very sore about it, as they suffer heavily from a pecuniary point of view. It is thought that some of the bookmakers must have got wind of the probability of such an occurrence, all the horses having been pretty heavily laid, especially the Dunedin Cup hero, and at such prices as tell a tale. At the Burgli-by-Sands steeplechase meeting, recently held in England, Mr. II. Hope-John- Stono, the well known amateur, rode five consecutive winners in one day. Three of these events were over timber. The London Sportsman remarks that several Of the sporting clubs in Manchester having ar ranged for the results of the racing being sent by telephonic communication from houses abutting on tho course, the Bacecourse Com- mitteo took steps to frustrate their design. In front of the known or suspected centro3 screens of canvas or hoardings were erected, which effectually Bhut out from the windows any view of the. racing or number board, while to prevent tho wiring away by tho reporters of runners in each event in time to allow of specu lation away from tho scene of action, the win dows of tho weighing room were frosted over. Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs that Anchorite has been scratched for the Boyal Stakes at the Sydney Turf Club's meeting. 