VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. . GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. \- The August mooting ,of tho Victoria Amatenr Turf Club was hold to-day at Oaul field. The programme submitted was an unusually rich aud attractive ono. Tho added monoy to tlio Grand National Steeplechase was no loss tuuu HHO nova., whilst '200 rovs woro added to tho Iturdlo Unco. Good fields, with tho exception of tho one for tho Selling ilncc, were tho order of tho day. Tho reserves looked nt their best. Several improvements lmro boon effected ainco the last mcoting was hold. The mos important Is the erection of a stand for tho niunoroua Vvsitora to tho Flat. The new structure, which will accommodate over 1200 people, was thrown opon at a moderate charge for admission. Tho building ought tq prove k proiltablo Invesunont for tho olub,' as tho patrons of tlint pare of tho courao havo long urged that sorno accohmodutlortelisnld bo pro- vIllbA fnrLllimi. Of ntrn SnlA.nat In men will bo tho announc>incnt that the new atcoplochaso course has bom coiuplotod, and 1 now ready forueo. Tho Ud>lo in front of tho otaiul counistH of a paling furno, a post and rail fcnco, and a log fence, each ob.whioli makes a stiff obstaolo, and tests tho jumping povvors of tho field. \ Tho attomlauco was moderate. \Tlio courao is in good going ordor, A smart shoor foil just before tho first race. Tho following wcro tho rcBults:— v THE SAPLING STAKES, \ Gf 10ft RnvH. Fftp 2 vrfl. olil. WolKlitB— Cdtrt ; 7st,. 121b i fillies, 7st, 71b. Three furlongs.\ , Loitihh Diuita .......(JJlair) I HniTit ..(Oopo) S \ . CtAUIBATjDI (SVHliams) I) Tho Rtartors were Uotort (Dnrkor) Alnnxmon IH(UobcrlROU), Dcfrauder (Slonnoll), Gcolong (Olds), Glniulinu (Burton), Uranus, (Power), Blomlin (Jtammngc), Caul field (Moore), Garibaldi ((Williams), Don "\Glovan (White), Lord Clmncellor (Bonce), La Crono (Londiuolly), Auita (S.uin- dnt-a\\. rnllmtn TTIinu (,rP. Tlf nvvn VGnlrnfc fO.Wicrlt Aspramonto (O'Brien), htyna (TuomyhVClio Nun (Fiddca), Edith (Cope), Clemency (llutcbcns), Louise Bcrta (Clair), and Lottie (Wnlkcr). Dotting; (1 to 1 against Edith or Garibaldi, 3 to 1 against Aspromauto and Louisa Bertha) 10 to 20 to 1 against tho others. Mr Watson had a good deal of trouble at the start. On one occasion nearly half the field got away, aud Myim covered half tho distance be fore she was pulled up. WUon tho flag fell Anita was livst oil, but Chutdiau and' "Lord Chancellor were first into tho straight. Once, howevor, well iu tho straight Louiso Bcrta came, and soon put a gap bctwecu herself and the field. Shu enmo on taking it comfortably, but a hundred yards from the post Edith came with a brilliant rush and almost caught tho filly napping, but was just bunion by n head. Garibaldi was third, Anita fourth, The Nun fifth, and Manxman last. Time, dCiRccs. HANDICAP HURDLE: RACE. Of 200 bovs, added to a aweopstukes of A sovs, en eli for acceptors. Second horse to receive . sovs, out of stake. Two miles. TukAijkkt (Ferguson) 1 Duration.; (M'Lbod) 2 Ravkn (Creo) fi Tho following horses started : — Tho Agent (jiergUBonj, XLumsman (uorrignn), star (Goodio), Guard fish (Bcauchatnp) Hippogrifl (Allon), Tattler (Huht), Duration (H'Leod) Tlio Ghost (Batty), Oculist (Carey), Raven (Crce), Tautaliscr (Malonc.) Latest betting 2 to 1 n gainst Qnutsman, 3 to 1 ngnsnst Hippogrifl:, 5 tolagaiust TheAgont G to 1 against Guardfisli, Star, and The Ghost 10 to 1 against Tautaliscr. Won easily by several lengths. Time — lrnin -face. 