BRIcA-BRAO. [B3Y WHITE MYRTLE.] / It's wonderful how far in advance of the old ~jog trot style the world has got within the last few years. The stage-coach of England is now almost, if not quite, obsolete. Railways, omnibuses, and morning end evening papers now reign supreme. Yes, air, the world is getting on not only by "leaps and bounds," but also by running high jumps. W can't stand still-all mnst keep up with the processiop. Perhaps national progreess is more clearly seen in the colonies than in older countries; and our own State gives about as good an example of it as any I know. Queensland has been a colony not twenty-six years, but she has made crack professional timeduring that period. In 1859 her population was about20,000; now she has more than 300,000 inhabitants. Not many who went up on Limestone Hill to welcome Sir G. FI. Bowen to Ipswich thought that there was a possibility of living to see the day when the infant colony would have an English mail-service of its very own : and anyone who had hinted at a Qceaos land eight-oar crew taking part in an intereolorjial race would have been handed over to the care of the police. If he had hazarded a belief that, before the close of 1885, we should bave over 1000 miles of ril way, and 10,000 miles of telegraph wire in operatibn, he would have lhad hands laid on him. Yet soit han turned out. Truth is stranger thanfiction; and Qur children will probably see greater changes than we have, for the kaleidoscope of time presents never ending variations in men and things. Whatever opinion mly be entertained regarding the wisdom of despatching colonial troops to the Sondan, there can be no question that, sinece thbir arrival there, the New bouth Wales Contingent have been made much of. I would have fivce a trifle to see the reception accorded thmn by the English troops when they landed at Suakin. Tlsey were immediately associated with first-class militiry company, and, although they have no doubt hladlto put up. with a soldier's lot, they have not been ignored or despised by eithler the British soldiersior tiheir officers. Just the reverse. Now they i probably go to Afghanistan, and though they Ie not yet had to stand the shock of a hIorde of Arab riding down upon them, I don't think they shill quail tnuch when confronted by as'more "civilised," though certainly not morecourageous, foe. Indedd, I question if the Russians would not show the white feather long before the Arabs would. At all even I am one of those who believe that a man who h English, Irish, or Scotch blood in his veins is woh at least three men of any other nationality. O troops, it is stated, are to be brigaded with t Guards. This is a crowning honour for "our boys;," and they will have the benefit of the steadying influence of the elite of the English troops. Still, I for one, think that they might come homne now,m if they are not wanted in the Soudan. As it is, the services of 600 of the finest men in Australia ate absolutely lost to their country, which might yet wish in vain for their aid. Some marriages are said to be made in heaven. I don't exactly fathom the meaning of the saying.. One thing I know, and that is that all marriages are celebrated on earth, and there is a great deal of what is of the earth-to wit, earthy--about a great many of them. This kind of coupling is a very serious matter, and it should be well thought over before you make an investment. You can't oh change your purchase for a collection of foreign stamps, or for Macaulay's Essays, or for a set of cricketing material. No, you caen't, You can boly have one choice, young people-unless a funeral comes louping round. You can have another throw then, if you like. But it is seldom that a funeral helps anybody out of a bad bargain, so don't lay any money on that chance-it is the most distinctly of" chance in existence. The worst about the English system of wooing is that a young couple who are eeping coEmpany see each other only at set times, and of course they endeavour to appear at their heat. Actually, they exchange sentiments and photographs under a condition of things that will not exaist when the minister has interviewed thems at the altar. Unless Lurline's old man has his three-horse power kicking-boots on, with the decks cleared for action, Reginald Alberto, while on his customary evening visit, assumes a composed demeanour which Lurline believes is a genuine warranted-to.wash article. But she does not know ·what he says and does when Ihe tears hisehirtsleeve or hits his " nny bone." Neither is he cognisant of what happens wbheu Lurline finds her back-hair troublesome, or when she discovers that the milliner has sent home her new bonnet trimmed in just the sanoe way as that horrid Miss Smnith's. So you see that they are making their book without knowing how the market stands. Nowit sonmetimes happens that a " wrinkle" can be picked up in a most unlikely place; nod it seems to me that I can give an instance in point. In Northern Siberia, when a young man thinks he wants to marry a young woman, he arranges to pay a certain sum to her father. Half of this sum he pays down, and lives with the family of his lady love for a year. If at the end of that time he still wants her, he pays the other half of the snum agreed upon and gets her. If lie doesn't want her, lie ays so, and loses the instalment which he first paid. I cannot say whether the young woman's wishesrpare consulted, buttheyabould be. The agreement doght not to be a one-aided one. But, with this amend ment-unless it is included in the Siberian practice -the scheme might be givena trial in moresouthern regions. If this plan lhad been adopted in the case of Lord Durham and the unfortunate Miss Milner, a good doeal of suffering might have beenu averted. It is strange how indecisive young men are especially colonial young men. I have often heard it said, "Give an Australian youth a horse, saddle, and bridle, and heis lost to everything else. He is a king in his own eyes." There is undoubtedly a good deal of truth in this assertion, but it is got universally true. Our workshops and grammar. schools can take a lot of the sting out of the saying anent equitation. Still, our young men do now and then suddenly take a fancy to some forsn of recrea tion, andas suddenly abandon it. When the Hanlan craze was on, rowing-boata were purchased by several enthusiastic amateur scullers, who seemed determined to give aquatics a careful study, to wrest from the science all its secrets, and to win laurels of gum leaves. One or two races did take place on time river, and attracted a good deal of attention. Since then, howevdr, the watermen have degenerated into land lubbers, and, with aching hearts and tearful eyes, have given the hoats a last and fond embrace, and then bidden them. an eternal farewell. The rowiig enthusiasm which raged like a voluaqo for about a fortnight, all at once began to qicker, and, with a sputter and a sizzle, gave up the ghost-like thie death of a fat lamp. Sucls is isfe; and, on the other hand, life is such. It is said that Mr. Gladstone-for whose trans cendent abilities as a statesman I have the greatest reverence, and whose promptitude in crushing an enemy has become proverbial-(Let me draw i breath for a minute). Well, as I was saying, it is stated that Mr. Gladstone can trace his descent to John, second Earl of Atlhol, who fell at Flodden Field, in 1615, and whose wife was Mary Campbell, daughter of the second Earl of Argyle. lEdwar?4 1. is tanted up here somewhere, hut I haven't time to fish him out.) The ltbertsons, of Diogwall, into whose family thie Premicr's father marri,.. a'-. shown to be intimnately related to the I'i..i. a Annabella, daughter of James I., thus slhoeing .Ilat Mr. Gladstone is connected )by a very fine hair) with the Plantagenet as wellas with the Stualrts. 1 amglad to know thispedigree. It throws light upon a miatter I could not understand before. I could never make out what caused Mr. Gladstone to be so headstrong, so impatient of opposition at home and abroad. The thing is clear enough now. HIis descent from the impetuous Edward I. is sulfficient explanation. The departure of Mr. T. H. Slater, thelate Mayor. for Rockhampton, was made the occasion of a social gathering on Saturday night last. \We (l'esroern Cihamrpion) had not thie honour of being presesnt ast the festivity, but from what we lhear it was a most jovial and successful meeting. Thequanrityofgood liquor absorbed producei a most aetonishingand un interrupted flow of eloqueuce. The numabej of healths that were drunk (if good wishes in good spirits are of any ellect) should materially increase the longevity of the inhahitants of Bliackall; and if thire was some incoherence in the oratory towards tile close of tihe proceedings, that iuinst he attribut able to the pernicious Ilmeit of mnixing chamipagne, darkl brandy, andi co?pying-iuk, with which it is said tile final toasts of the meeting were washed down. At 3 a.nm. thie parting guest was bIorne away in CoUifi enoach, the wouuded and disabled were carried house on shutters, and the remainder invested in a shlower-bath apiece preparatory to entering upon the religions duties of the day. 