SUctcfrcr; -Oar tittiH iiJjJtaccconric. (Continued.) ? Vi'i !1 a« I nave na'd tlw hfii, a-, it now t ptand a ,is the lest Bile on 'hi ground ScaniS ing upon lis dope, the eye caicllea rvcij /cot of'the course. And BS lobierTO tbls^T'diecovrr that a-new tram'ug-^roniid, tine mpe S-oiicd, has been .recently :3nade witbm llie -circle of the coutse Jonathan, the. worlhy ranger, iells methatitjsihesocuidcEttraiuiag. ground on<the whole three hnndradandiwentyi •aci^jjanc thatitSsiniltonoiiiejncheBoi jron-i stone Toeb and nine more of loam, sand, and' tannin the mOBt approved Jsstiion. Xonder as he points cut-away to the left, are the sand track,oneandshalfailesitheooemiletan. 'i aiid ilia one roile cjadera. I am told with a certain pride, tbat.Ihe tollmg-and; harrowing,; acd such like workrin conneeiion-:wieh?these tracks, involve-an annual labour covering a Qjstanc o! 7000 miles I'd rammert'ae tracks are regularly watered every day. We descend from the HiU and enter the passage which leads io ihe grand stand and Ihe lawn Here, shortly, will be trailt "a Cbverfid-way, through which'the salt of society? swill^ass, unseen ;andunoHticieedbJy:iihe baserclay. Sot that this is the especial object of ftie nnptovement, which indeed is-projeoted s, for the purpose of etill further InCEeaang the fesouroes and area of the Hill. Jonathan, big in the pride-of his office, j>rodncea his keys with that sir of responsibility •Shush, aniglit attach to sn old time butter, sa he l&ads; the wayxto an inspection oi theglories ot the cellar And now we pereeueihe full development of a echeme, which has been made m the interests -of that other class of the public,'the: membere of-which, Eo ito sayi . travel with ^cBt- class. tickets :in the trains of ainusement at raco timrs. :This is the swell's region, and j)roper ieoognition of .its superior T^uirements is evident on all sides. : 5 Plncc aus dames .' Let us enter, timidly an nervously, yet with that .eager cunoEity with which innocent: bachelorhood rfgards ieverything connected with the ladies and their EnrrirandingB. : ThisjB one of .the retiring rooms. Nay, by the mass I but X must laugh. The most prominent furniture, m this, gorgeous apartment consistE of 'mirrors ! Mirrors large, mirrors Bmall; mirrors which reflect the face; and bust only, and large chevalglasses, which give forth to the inquisitive iair the refiex of the whole of the glories of her form -and :cos- ; tume. Here, no question, the dainty maids and iriatronswho bloom on the lawn during Cup: week, and.whose gay and brilliant attire rival' Mr- Moore's mantling blossoms of manyiolo^ redliues-Aere. I say, within these rooms/for there are two, each 140 feat long) might be" seen and heard muoh by the philosopher (were he invisible) which would improve his knowledge ol the feminine nature; What pleasure, gratified vanity,-.Innocent' triumph-,• ) mortified pride, delight, and dissatisfaction,, hhve these mirrors in tnru reflected, attd ^hall; again reflect 14 How many, a -womaii'B heart has beaten high, or lowered its pulses, as these honest tell-tales, seton aUsides,havegiven,back a trathful answer to wistful or-eager.feminine ; inquiry 11 wonder whether Mr^Hoore chuckles J as he looks aroHcd at ttis iCGOEi. 3?or mysdf, Bown X burst ^>ut laughing. ^ ( Sufc not alone mirrors for. the ladies. Everything, the .charmers need is: provided: Here.and therearehucg." housewives, J ':fillBd with needles, • silks, cotton^ pins, and the thousand and one contrivances with which women "fix" themselves If an awkward. CEvalier tread npon a lady's irsm and -rip ifca '^ gathers," all «he, has to do is to repair to one of these dainty apartments, where: she will -find appliances for .remedying -the evil; and recovering her complacency, by. noting the facial efEect of^bad,temper .in a loolong-. glass. And if, haply;: the -sun. - may- have buait, with" Bis amorous glances* her fair cheeks or delicate nose, here shall she find cold creaiBj or .-violet' powder, or toilette mnegar, or aome such delicate preparation to. relieve her sweet visage .: while she may assuage her annoyance and relieve her feelings by the application X)f the flmelhng BsltB provided by; excellent Mr. Moore. By George ! I think that, all things "considered, that gentleman^ Ehould be the best landed man m Tiatooa^r among the ladieB at any rate, during Carmvsl^ week. Howera are. of course, distributed in every part of : these apartments, for their ^greater ; adornment. Cnt fiowera firealso prevxdei; so that a lady needing some delicate blossom' to still further enhance her charms, may-findit to her hand. Cases of flosversrforthis purpose are brought from such districts as procue® them earlier, thaa hereabouts; Even 8ydney.contr1butes.1ts contingent o[:bIosEome —among which the. Warratah is iever |iromi-: nent. All this is gallant work ; but it is no less policy. While it gives pleasure to the fair; it no less brmgB ©;Ist , to the.snill.. ,A cunning gentleman is -ifo. Byron Moore.. It seems a coarse matter, but- really I think I< am-as much: interested m. the next apartment mto which I am introduced. WeTiave. looked npon the purely issthetio and-poetic features of a raoe meeting ; let us now inspect tlie toore natural attractions. Here, my Iriend, ib where Xing Appetiteib assuaged.- Observe that .thisib the luncheon room;-and consider what a spectacle it must present-during race" week. It ia silent and empty enough now, though one might iancy ghosts of departed': revellers flit about unseen, yet hungry; 'but in i the oourse;of a couple of months its lofty; space shall echo , to the'pops-of champagne: cbrke, the crunch of teeth, the bustle, ana laughter, and, truth to say, vulgar Imbbub and confusion -of «such assemblies. . Flowers; again will be eeen in profusion. Why not ? Does not one «njoy such matters-the better, for dainty and, defining surroundings. - '-If it: be pleasant to the eye to gaze upon a boned turkey or a raised pie, -3s mot 'it the more =so to let it rest awhile npon the sweetness and freshness of bloom and .blossom 1: Who-noes not appreciate'the effect of the dainty .fens; ture of a dinner table ? Who then shall not applaud the conjunction of Euohinfluenees Es; ate afforded byjtheipreaeuoe of isweet .floworBl: Kay^ithe d- taste, is claesic,andiias the aathorit^: of the best traditions. The Govaraor'h apartments' are ali *haS they should be. Pleasant ia be a Governor ehould say—at racesinssr auySay:stt«th« * tiroes,-when pestered by dull "statesmen'S :andOTlgar pretension,.the ^ost im'ay-ie'alisip -theaxiomthafAiiaat-glittersisnbtgoia It muBt jnaeed belaid woik sometimes, play- - ingfiovernor, and:sooth to say wust liwolvei an; • extra :emDloymentft of that -suave 1 hypocrisy with which <soeial illusions are sup- •ported..^Butieie, away from the disabilities of his. offioe,. lie and his lady .wite- and ;brave youngBters;and g^lant suite, jnust have a high old time -of.it, I peep into the jpau try, whence the good things are served. Yes—• there are timeSrwlien :I .would be a; Governor. Por truly we treat our Governors' betterm the: matter of feeding than fell to the lot of the holiest mlei cf Bsratana,-Who got nothing to eat you wUl; -reme-auer, sut argument . and promises This is the Press room. These stairs lead to the comp&itmeut; whence the recording angels :take.: ,ijote and notica offhe 'races. Every conveaisnce is proyided -for these worthy people. In that division at the •end are placed the telegraphio operators.' What a:. gh»p ali this, from the time when the first course in Australia was foundedby the fine gentlemen of His Majesty's 101st regiment of foot. The , saddling , paddock, or where the „.gentle men of the juig do congregate toioiiuar' busineBs or do tomebo/y else'e, is, as alLthe world,faiowft under Jhe Hill, tp the west of the v jstand. Here too a "variety ol Improvesnents have bees made, aU tendiBgtp the fad! station of the .gr^st Carjuval of trejear 'BSndferibc judge's stand, wlie-e ; n <he arbllei «te eryooate^tTplacC'l. m«clf By myfaah 1 I'oHen' think £h&\ n'anj a crimmJ oai hosi ,u j bcilt tip on «i ties &f; land Jo-jot.. > tf the3iil> TPecru-irfend-aSiuwditic of mailed to -d'ci-uk of s • taaav, ItiiU- ely with tt^ej- bsc ltf, urd take ibeir p1bc=s m tbe old stand; jChe Jonijftht : ledibejcqoiniiksetoadopt-tUiBplaugofSto show again theirflensibJity to the claims of public convenience. But let us^et oa, across the 3awa, and on ;pist vtUe:avied:-waUs.:and'.rangeiM- cottage; - -I observe that carpenters and psintera are bard at wart,and leain that they aip ibe*en.rlo;ioflheciub. All *vork, "whether of-crafr,* tr farm, or garden, 1 done by men engaged on the estate. The work-rooms of-carpenters, biackemichp, : painters; pomfcto the cironm- Btance inat mere is enough io keep basmees b'ibk the year round The farm work is ex tensive, coneishsg m haurowing, caiting, mowing, and each 'Jie operations Hsy 1= growa lor tbe worimghoKe' of which ihere are eleven—such animals asaie-iarcly seen, Eave lusty,' they seem to have a good time of it, with a splendid stable ii which io pass their boursof ease andmnneatlieir-s sreet hay; :By; the way in which Jonathan popes himself as we regarS some of these J.rave creature", T gather that he lakes .rare pride and EBtitfde J tion in them, Oi-pleasant lines, truly, is cast the lot of hentet Jona&aa; He h&3 assoaia'ed with the course for more than twenty years, Endmsvle said to l)e fiart and parcel of the institution; 1 ;'Here lslis cottage standing: on »®entloilope,-and cmboaEomeS inflowers and shrubberies. SYom tlae ferandah l watch: the coaching of the youngsters on the tracks. There are some twenty of .them, eadh.-doubt- Iess, .as much a subjeot -of anxiety and hope ; and fear to his trainer, as bipeds, on their en-: trance d into lifen-concern their ^mothers and fathers. Indeed, there is not a little :which is; alike, and runs, parallel to^-thc course of a ohjla'a life and that of a colt or filly. Each trainsior the prizes of life, in. some fortn or another, and a similar picture Is -prcseated jn either case of the^aaty of success' and the; constancy of failure. A few come to the front, and a few remain there—like old Com-; motion—stoutly contending against all new comers. But what becomes of the ruck, whether human or equine ? Do they not pass into the oblivion ofiorgetfulaess ? Are they .not merged into the common lot, and labor out their; lives in humble shadow ? : I often think that a Cup winner is like the belle of a -London Eeason, or a society beauty, •who jrarely shinesMn the :firmament of fash- - •lonaole: oapnee or whim, more than once, ; £n& yet see how eager the women ate to shuie even for this bnei space 1 Perhaps the motive may &e; the speculation; and the value of inotoriefy ' maywbe ^turned to as -happy; acoouat m>thfi -case of the; woman as-in . the else o' th" lioiae. ; :But what is all this ? I .note that Jonathan is eyeing ma furtively, as I stand in his verandah thus reSecting; and I doubt not that'he thinks theexaellent whiskey.to which' ' we •ha'se been treated jn bis house has proved: too much for my weas brains. Bst I tell him I was thinking-that had-I the eaoice f would-rather, live- in His cottage, tn&n; m Government House, in which,.indeed, is sober i truth. At which Ins face.relaxes, and though 7 lie answers nothing, bo looks the honest gratification -my -poor compliment has in-, sjnred. \- Jonathan's ^garden - ie a -very glory ot bios-" soma. Particularly am I: attracted by the native heatfee, which are cultivated here. It is: a-populat delusion among amateur gardeners; that the heath will not bear translation to \- artiibiaUreatment. " TbatVasys our cicerone, f.'jB eimply because they know-nothing about" the matter"—an explanation I fancy; of the majority of popular delusions. Attached to the cottage is a small greenhousej where pot plants are placed in plenty: SometimeB, you eee,^ m this eccentric climate, the clerk of the weather plays sad pranks to-, wards the end of October" The wind and rani combine to mar the completeness of the^ floral decorations. of lawn. and aven ue.. In-. that case, the Temedy is at hand. Toe pot plants are buried in the earto; and the eye is satisfied. TJiere.is surely, something^of entouBissm-m these, fond, precautions on the part of Mr. Moore, to complete the :gloryo£ the place, at Carnival time. -••-.0/ the-teneneB, the Ivied walls,fihe "ha: dening house," m winch plants are.prepared for .plannng-'ont-;. of. the 'hedges of gozania and -masses-of ipittoscorum,- of tue- plantar: tions right and lef;, and the .whole further details of this • most; pleasant spectacle,, f speakino-more. - iliet ine hope that there wni beiew ot:my readers who will not ^uage for themselves iu the Bret week of Jsoveniber, and thatofthetbousands:iipon thousands who then crowd the Hill andiawn and Standand 3?lat, there will be as few insensible to the circumstance that m converting 1 the ,public portion of Piemington racecouree into a Bpeeies of a great garden, much has been done to forward the interests of .the popular sport and elevate its character by,its associations. We may be sure-of this, that the less horBeracmg is made purely a bafiiness for the gambler, and the more its brave .inSuenceB are asBooiated with ; beauty,and refinement and honest wholesome enjoyment; .the more certainly, will its popularity expand and grow. Xonder. on the new track are a dozen ibeauties taking their - gallops. As our trap ascendathe gentle slope of-the new members' road I watch" them, and marvel not at the strong holu the sport they confer -upon us should have upon society. Nor do I wonder either that people who delight m Each sports £hould-,have been,,and should still le distinguished aoove all others, for their Bturdy independence and robust inaalme3s of cha racter. 