THE CAULFIELD CUP FATALITY. FALL OF FIFTEEN HORSES. ONE JOOKES" KILLED AND SEVERAL INJURED. In the history of Australian racing there is no other such unfortuuate accident recorded as that which occurred in the Caulfield Cup on Saturday. The field of horses was, with a single exception, the largest that has ever started for a race in the colonies. When The Ghost won the Ladies' Trophy at Caulfield in 1883 a field of 42 ran. All went well in Saturday's chief race until the horses were approaching the turn. Too Too had straggled to the front, and was leading by a bare neck, with ClaptraD hogging the rails on her left, and Sardius' galloping immediately on her right. The turn, which is considered the most difficult part of the course, was yet some distance ahead, and the horses, well strung out, were in what is really the broadest stretch of the whole track, bat were crowding on the rails in order to get the inside running for the rash up the straight to the winning post. How Too Too came down is not known, even tbe riders ol the leading horses holding different opinions as to what horses were really first down and how they fell. The mare gallops awkwardly, and as she seemed to be tiring at the time, the most probably theory, and that favoured by many standing near the spot at the time, is, that "her front legs crossed with those of either Sardius or Claptrap, but probably the former. From the stand the white jacket and blue cap, the colore worn by the rider of Too loo, seemed to sink suddenly into the ground, there was a flash of struggling horses and siltclad jockeys, hurled here and there ID * confusion, riderless and bridleless horses dashing away, while othere limped off lnjurea. Four of the jockeys and two horses layqhiteBtiu upontheturf, and it seemed as if they had been killed outright. The crowd extended nearly down to the point where the accident occurred, and almost before tbe last horse had cleared the inanimate group, the jockeys were picked up. It was at once apparent that Donald Nicholson, one of the most popular of lightweight riders, had been killed instantly. He was riding Lord Exeter, and strange to say, the horse was never knocked off his legs, but the shock hurled the rider with fearful violence against the white fence, and his skull would seem to have beep crushed in. Crackneli's chest was crushed in from a blow, and he lay quite helpless, but conscious, being able to describe his injuries, and take a glass of water from those., who . helped him. Wyman, tbe rider of Sardius, seemed to have been struck on the lace, and looked worse than he really was. M'Grade, who had been on Tom Brown, looked very ghastly. His nose was broken in, one arm hung loosely, and what with dust and blood, and his white face, those around thought that he also had been killed outright. M'Grath, the rider of Prince Imperial, was also senseless, having received a blow on the head when his horse rolled over. The tiny rider T uomey was stretched alongside his dead horse, tJarab, who bad been instantly killed, and at first it seemed that both horse and jockey were in Ibe same condition. Commiseration for the tiny boy lying on one end of the stretcher was greater on account of his small size. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was one of the first down, and as a dozen horses seemed to roll right on top of him his escape from inBtant death was a miracle. He, too, was picked up unconscious, suffering from concussion of the brain. Some of the riders were able -to walk, and othera were assisted to the casualty-room, but stretchers had to be furnished for five. At the casualty room, the injured riders were attended by Drs. Fitzgerald, Williams, O'Hara, and others, and for a time the wildest rumours were circulated as to tKeir condition. His Excellency the Governor, who had arrived not long before the race, went down to make inquiries as to their condition, and on learning the nature of the fatality, left the course. Mr. Speight, chairman of the Railway Commis- sioners, immediately volunteered to run a special train into Melbourne, so that those who were most injured might be sent to tbe Melbourne Hospital. They were placed two-andtwo upon stretchers, and carried through a lane of people to the railway station, mounted troopers bang required to keep a clear path. TFyman, the rider of Sardius, was taken to tbe Alfred Hospital. The dead body of Donald Nicholson was taken to his home at Bichinond, where an inquest was held: Nicholson, who was regarded as the best light-weight rider in Australia, was 27 years of age, and his parents live at Ballarat. Asa jockey he had the reputation of riding 'most determined finishes. The horses that came down were Sardius, Tom Brown, The Israelite, De9pot, Prince Imperial, Impulse, Country Boy, Claptrap, Kinship, Tarpeia, Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, Too Too, and Uarah. Claptrap, one of the leaders, made a gallant effort to escape by jumping over Too Too as she fell, but Sardius—as he, too, went down—brought him to grief. Trahan got off wonderlully well, and was able to ride a winner afterwards in the Windsor Handicap, Hutchins being :the only other one of those who came down able to take a mount afterwards. T. Brown, the rider of Too Too, although in the very thickest of the mllce, escaped almost without injury, but the mare, who was galloped over by a lot of horses, lay for some time on the ground, apparently dead, but afterwards ro«e, and was got away with some difficulty. The first three horses down were Too Too, Claptrap, and Sardius. Prince Imperial was so close at their heels that be seemed to fall almost with them. Then Tom Brown, Despot, Impulse, Country Boy, Kingship, and Tarpeia fell almost in a bunch, while Marie Louse, who was galloping with this group, was just far enough out to avoid the horses that came down io front of her. Amongst the last to fall were Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, and Uarah, the latter being instantly killed. The fearful nature of the accident was shown in the condition of the horses as they rote. Prince Imperial and Sardius had their bridles torn away, while tbte saddle on the last-named was turned completely round. Tom Brown's saddle was also broken and hangiug in frag- ments. Other horses came into collision, but were able to keep their legs. Plausible rushed violently into Tom Brown while the Syduev horse was struggling to rise. The shock was SO great that Plausible was turned completely round, and Power, thinking bis horse was injured, dismounted. Lord Wilton was also in violent collision, and Moore, after being knocked forward out of the saddle by the shock, clung to his horse's neck, and came out all right. Amongst the horses, the most injured were the three who came down first, and two of whose riders, as already stated, came off almost scatheless. Sardius is perhaps the worst of them, and it is unlikely that he will be seen out again this spring. Claptrap was verv lame, and was got to the stables with difficulty, and placed under treatment. It was at firat thought that Too Too would have to be destroyed, but she improved afterwards, and can be cured. Sirocco was also cut about a good deal, but tho others seemed very little the worse for their mishaps. Ellis, tbe rider of Despot, who was one or the few jockeys that came down and escaped nnhurt, says he got off badly at the start of the race, and rode on the outside until nearing the borne turn, where tbe field began to make their final effort At this pomt he was leading the second division, which was cloae.up to the first flight of the field, but there was a distinct interval between them. Just at the turn he saw an opening in the centre ot the course, when, drawing Despot in towards it, he iound at the distance of a length that the gjp was made up by tbe fall of several horses. It wes too late at the pace he was going to avoid riding over them, and Despot went straight into into the mass of struggling men and horses, and being immediately tripped up fell upon his back. Ellis was thrown right over the horse's head some yards .away,, and was partially stunned for a moment, and on looking up he Baw The Israelite'galloping riderless straight towards him,, striding.-ion ahead in front of Lord Wilton, and the last of the field, wbo..went..by..wide..on.lhe outside; with a jockey on his back. Ellis was then assisted off the course. He says he' was the fifth or sixth who fell. He had a similarly narrow escape in riding Despot in the Sydney Metropolitan. In that race the : horse crossed his legs and fell heavily, but happily without bringiug any othera with him, and Ellis was unharmed. He is none the worse for Saturday's mishap, and is doing his work as usual. Nicholson, before leaving the paddock on Saturday, remarked to a lriend that his ,bad luck on the Victorian racecourses was about lo change in that event. Just before the crash came, Nicholson called tbe attention of the jockeys beside him to the fact that Lord Exeter was pulling him out ot the saddle and galloping strnngly. As the rider closed with the remark, " Haven't I got a Bolt thing to-day ?" he went down and was killed. The boy on Too Too believes that just as he fell be had a glimpse of a brown horse down in front of him. Crackneli's wife was anxious that he nhould not ride, and he, too, was rather afiaid of the consequences. It was noticeable that the fact of running ground being encircled 'by a single jail saved more than one accident during the day. In the Cup one of tbe riders was shot under the rail, and escaped unhurt, while in the Huidle Race Malone had very much'the same experience. Had the boundary been a picket ience as at Flemington both must have been badly injured. 