j SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. I SI Olli INC. \0I>1 I Nominators ot horses ni the Grnntl Ntl tioiuil Steeplechase MI I Hurdle 1 ucc ut neat Siturdnj s Cuulliel I meemi,, must nut over look the declarations, v/lncli ure to be uotitie I ut the V A 1 C. oliice, Bourke street west before 4 tem on luead-ij otherwise tliej will be considered acceptors, und Held liubie for the sweepstakes At the Y lcrorian Club rooms, on Suturdi) night there were o few vvagere tor the Cnul field Hurdle and Steeplechase double event Huntsman mid Vulcan vere backed to win 11,000 nt 200 to 7 flic same wa"'er v^as also accepted about Huntsman and Mernder lud 1 000 to JO about Star aud Y\\)nlet, as «eil us T he Ghost and VV j mlet the closing of the principal events for the spring mectuie; ot the Murrumbidgee 'I uri Club will cliente the uttentiou ot owners und trimera tomorrow I he following ire tile «takes referred to -1 he VV ugga Gold Cup ol 10 sois eich with JOOaovn , und a troitb) I the value ot 100 tovs (added bj Mr 1 Gormlcj | two miles , the Grund stund Handicap of 0 bova each, with 1_> sovs. ad led, one mile and a quarter the Lntltes Bracelet, value 100 sovs, "non bj Air« 1' Hann with two other bracelets tor the second in 1 third (.neu bj tlie Cluo one mile, the iown Plate, ot "isovs each, with 1 0 bovf iddeil one mile and n half Entries arc to be mude in 'Melbourne at the 1 KC oilice befon 1 pin on luesdtiv, to Mr I Hnwkcs the secrcturj ot the HIP WJ¿"» or it the A1C utTieC Sjdne) J Ile nicetin., is Ii\e I for M educida) Ihurailaj, und indu), Nuvenibcr l8,1'), mid20 On baturdaj inorunie; as 1 rancis Len" tlie trniner, was boxing some homes at Caulfield station for Moonej Vallej hu wits MO severe!) injured as to necessitate his removal to the Altred Hospital '1 he entries for the Stawell Amateur Racing Club meeting are due on \\\ ednesdaj, to Air H J baiter, the becretarj Ihe half do¿cn events nre the Maiden Pbite, Hurdle lince, Selling Race, Publicans Purse, Handicap Irot, and Show Gift Hie meeting ia to be held on 'Ihursdaj, the 20tb inst I We have to acknowledge receipt of ten tam mostuselul little handbook lor r icing men showing as it does, the performances, i.e., ol horses at u alance Messrs VV G ludio and Co announce their instructions from Mr H Weeks, who is retiring from lacing to sell by auction, at 1 attersail s Horse Bazaar, on VA ednesdaj at halt post 2, the whole of his net np: stud The catalogue contains the following well bred two jear olds -Lditli (winner at Gie Ion,;) Cauliield Here Goes Garibaldi, and a bl) colt by Monarque-Little 1 ootsteps. Amongst the others are iirst Pop Olivette lusilicr, 'Jnxnraxncuin, Hampstead, Melo riious, Darrell, Spero, and two mares bj St Albans. 1 list Linne and lack Ashore «ill also be Bold at the same time onuccouiuof another ovv tier Coursers will bear in muni that the post poned closing of nominations for the Great ¡southern Cup, West Bourke Plitc, and Oval '.takes, takes place on luesduy, ut 3 p m at the Victoria Coursing Club oflite, lb Marl et buildings. The principal bt ike is lor an uti limited number of all ages at 8 guineas each the VV est Bourke Plutc is for 32 all aces, at ? guineas each, with a 10 guinea trophj mick 1 by Sir W J Clarke , and the Oval blakes fir U puppies nt 1 guineas each with a 20 turnea trophj c,ivcn by Mr R K Montc,omcrie. Jhc vv hole ot the stakes aro open to nil comers, mid gre)hounds will have to be named uni describe 1 on Wednesday afternoon, jiter which the draw will take place, lhc courallie will be on Ihuisday and 1 nday On luesduy two important sales of gre) hountla will be held at 'luttersalls Bazaar, 1 xlnbition street Several lots to be sold belong to Sir \Y T Clarke, who vv ill shortly leave for England, and the sale is noteworth) from the circumstance that the proceeds ure to be devoted to the benelit of the widow oi the 1 ite 1 homns Dodd3, the tramer ot the Rupertswood kennel who died a few du)a ago, after a long illness 'Hie lots include Chime, winner of the late Waterloo Purse Coburg Boj, Clara Crosbie, and Carlisle 'lhe second catalogue embraces 13 lots from tho kennel ot Mr Harvey Patterson Amongst the v.nilling giejhounds are - Papageno, winner of the Whitsuntide blakes at Sherwood park, Pateena, winner ot the Little lohn Stakes, at Sherwood park Philistine, winner ot the VV aterloo Purse last jear and the buakm Stakes at Sherwood park this Benson, also Proudioot, Portia low n sister to Rhodatitlie), Prime Minister (own brother to Ithodanthe), and several others ot the same breeding, including the brood bitches Lad) Primula and Nemesis We are informed that a counting meeting will be held before the close of the present season at the Werribee '1 he dates and other particulars will be short!) announced 1 he Hamilton Coursing Club ure to have nn important meeting on the Ird of beptem ber and following dajs The principal stake is the Hamilton Cup, for an unlimited num ber of all ages, at three guineas each, to which the club adds 45 sovs. 1 he members subscription ta half a guinea, and those who join thu club will be entitled to run grcj hounds at the meeting Mr Cox has made some changes in Ina coursing arrangements for the remainder of the Beanon Originally there was a meeting fixed for the 22nd mat, but inconsequence of that being the Just day of the National Agricultural Society s allow, the fixture is abandoned ïwo new meetin"s are an nounced lorthe month of September, one on the 12th, and the other on thc2Gtb .bull particulars as to the programme will be ntl vertised ahortlj Nominations for the Bracelet Meeting of the Prahran, Coburg, and Lost Bourke Coursing Club will be received at Jackson B Prahran Hotel on 'luesday, the 18th mat Hie stake is for an unlimited number of all ages at 2 guineas each with a valuable bracelet added bj Mr J W Read, the prest dent 'lhe meeting ia to be held at the Bald lulls, Dounj brook, on the 20th inst Messrs Campbell, Pratt, and Co report the sale of the trotting sire Patchen on account o£ Mr Adam Hogg Euroa, to Mr Bergin ot Rutherglen, for the sum of 140 guiñéis. THE MOONEE VALLLY RICES 1 he line weather of Saturday was the first cause for a large attendance nt the Moonee Valley course, where the racing still continues to improve Largo lields Btarted for each of the five ev ents ami save in one instance the limshes were close enough tobe interesting lhe opening event was the lirst two jear old race ot the season run on a Melbourne course, and a lino field of 14 turned out for their trial Mr h L Smiths filly Louisa Bertha, bj the Melbourne Cup winner Ourriwell, was first amongst the four that backers looked upon as being worthj of attention, the odds of 2 to 1 oflcred being rather Bhort for such an event A good many who saw Mr Whittingham s pair of cliesnuts took the odds of b to 1 offered about Inuendo 'lowards the finish lnuciido and Herschel drew out from the others, and in an exciting; run home Inuendo, bj reason possibly of his inside position won by a bare half head, Coonoon being third 'Hie start for the event was not by any meana a good otic, the winner having all the best ot it 'lhe time - ¿T_s - was fast for the distance 'lite 22 horses at tlie post for the August Handicap constituted a field such as is not often Been at Moonee Vullej Rebus at odds of 5 to 1, and Pjretto a point more, had most support As they carne round the turn towards home, the race seemed to ho between Pj rette and Sister Unice, but when Warbeld joined them ho had evi dently more paco, and, getting his head in front in a few Btrides, won bj about half a length, Pjretto being second and Sister Unice third A protest waa entered against Warüeld on the ground that he had forced the second and third horses against the rails, 'lhe winner undoubtedly ran very close in, but this was held to be accidental and the protest waa at once diamiased 'Hie most interesting event of the daj was the Steeplechase, with nine starters Only three horses were backed Granville being af the short odds of 7 to 4 against lura Hie un certain Struggler, and the \\\ cstern district Horse Irishman were the other pair who received support lhe fact of the course being a mile mid three quarters brought the horses twice over the water jump and three times over the logs Peeping 'lorn was the first to diop out, as for a long time he de clincd to lace the water jump ïhen Union Jack slipped under a fence down near the Mnevnrd and Irishman fell over the lo,j fence and went on without his rider (Batt)) while in the second round the Owl left his rider it one of the fences Only live horses finished and Scobeloff who was alwa)s in advance during the second round won enstlv, w ith Postboy second and Granville third lhe winner was not backed save in au occasional wilber minie while the race was in progress Nine horses al o saddled for the Selliu" Hace sister Unice being the iavourite ihe lilly got the lead at the start and increased it all theviu) to the post, winning bj about live letwths while Brella vvisthe Bame distance in iront of the others Hie winner was put up tor sale and bought in by her ow ner for ¿100 BO thut the race funds e.ut back j. 10 of the htake 1 here waa auothcr line fiel I of 17 bornes for the last race ot the dav the essendon Stakes and ¡ric with Roberts n in the saddle was loo! ed upon na ii likely winner Scvoral horses iitu died in Iront of her however the rnco beith, won bj llerkclij willi st Allere second and Primus third Hie follow nit, urepuiticularsol the racing - Mimi Mt riioioitiv, sr MCI OI fO so >e 1 or tn o j ear olds Vlr I VU It'll ehain s cn o Intuido b) Ar"Tls Sliudal-1 port st 5lh flral in) 1 Mr J In-erouiis h oLranus hv Herschel-Ulrica "st 51b (J san 1er») 2 Mr b Millers hcC onoop hv The Lnt-lishinan Minerva Tit o\\\>, »tried 7st ,1b in lnloih) S Ur J Harper» ti t Pho/be Walton tv Piscator llin.bo it. (Rrj tint) Mr O Harnett - ti f Harmony bj The Drummer ?"ITUI ii "it (J ihi -on) Mr - Mahons bri I __rl Lje bj Tin Hook-The Ge II t (Morfuc) Mi I I ill am < ti c «oil I in _\ rob nson CruW -Pat li "st fib (J Itcdfoarn) Mr S Miller» b I Mina,bi Dante-I'eosilit, "st (Tilomcr) Mi b Millers be Geelong bj Dante-Chicaner}, at -lb (ltlckc- on) Ur I Tozer s b f Lottie bj Latter} -Panio mart .t (Cope) Mr I Darcv 4 li o Mtcliero bj Darn« eil-Ursula, dal-Nut! Mr r_ Weeli I cllcf -«. 61b (Blair) Mr l-l smith s lir f Louiia Bertha bj Darri* oil \- VlLth 7st (Barr) 0 le-tting -2 to 1 agit Louisa, bertha, D to 1 cg»t Lrauu", ilto 1 »"st Inucmlo 10 to 1 ngst Phcc_ MaltDii Alter some jumping; nbout at the post inn a lew tri-k li iioi do »a* quiekest on hu le«, ail next otter lum cairn. C_ulliei I an I -.rou» ultu Maid last As Hu; tinned nto tho »tra-lit Uranus w- at I mun los grills an I drew up kiel willi linn near the uater jump In tlio n e tp the jul es bo* Iimci do kept, bareli in front and «on bj a abort hail beal tin. >oun" adl-iti_.o "ained at HIL Heart iro iii- of seniLc Coonoop wai third two au4 a half len-tliä bel inil Urauu» and then cain, Lee on? I uti- and Harmon} in order «ith Plla.be Uultoi -liohtlr_at th-io-tt las Time 3 A» All _?>_ 1HVDICIP, Of Own . our furl-ty,«. Acceptance, 1 «oi Mr I" kelli sene Warilcld bj "st Alban« lljr» -rt -lb (li Ile ice) 1 WJ I llearaj s b I Sis er I nice, Sir« tNL (0 -Hannon) ° Mrs. Millersl r m Ijrate irs Ost 01b (Od») 8 Mr J Munni«- « b L Ace ue.cd bit "lb (coppi ü Mr W l-ngle} * br h stationer, a.ed bil Bib (D lio I Cb) 0 Mr II ll.jst-.d_-h if Arltl, jn, 7st Tib (Her I crt) 0 Mr I -Lhle. b m Maggie Sir« 7st (lib (M Ilcnnctt) 0 Mr l_ HallschhSaho lim, "st Olli (Traban) 0 Mr 1 llauiills di c /lb-lui J}!., Tat 41b (J J! neo) 0 Mi 1 Ooffc} 8 b m 1 cbus 4 } re, "st 41b (Saun den) 0 Mr H Darlots b g Walhalla (¡jrs "st Sib (Min tosh) 0 Mr i_ II T Harts ". o Islander, 3 ira, 7-t 21b (Harrison) 0 Mr s G Lo ksbcBrlnkiuan 3} re "st 2 b (Barr) 0 Mr J 1 c11 s bli h hundo ->rs 7s_-lb (Lal 1er) 0 Mr D M itobertson- b li Cinci Hiatus, 4 ira 7.L (U llrow) 0 iii J li hittlnghain s g c Achiiict, 3 } rs, OL 111b (Guj) 0 Mr L \ loung- brg Heotor, (1 rrs carried 7st (Ilcatiitoto) 0 Mi II Butler« h g Dorer, (i i ri Cat lOIb. (G Milson) 0 Mr li fountains b f Boadieea, J j rs Git. 1011 (.ounUln) 0 Mi O hrushta s b or br ¡. st. Albert, 5 } rs, Ost 101- (Morrison) 0 Mr A J Harper's bl li Chorister Boj 5jre, Csr Olb (Mabln) 0 Mahons b o Ilemlocl, 3 jrs Oat 71b (r fo 1 a.st Uorlicld S to 1 ri.st Sxlio 10 to 1 i ATLI Albanus Aihmct Su Albert and Doic Aftor tome delà} the flag fell to a i erj good start. Sis er Lmce hal tbo lead «Uti sta loner licit but 1 j re ti pas-d the pair before tiny had pone Inr and led at a strong naLC Next behind the maro «as stitlo icr ind b iter Unice u ith Itcbus Do.dicca and Lil cluiutus, following in order and St Albert Ust At tile lo_» Pt rotte «as Billi lu front with sister bulee floadicta, fatationer and Hcbus close behind bet As the} turned for home P}retto looked iorj like the «Inner Hero Warfleld "rae up bud Icnli and Boadieea fell back In tho run home V. arfltl I p-isbcd the leaders and won b} half a len, th from Sister Uulio «ho beat 1 j rette b} half a heal for th ni place The Al o «as fourth Hcbus Ufth stationer next and ¿Ia gie last. Tlmi & is s HAN-ICU" STI V FLECHAS, Of -0 sois About one milo and three qua-tcrs Mr M II b nlth s bc-bclofr, a;,ed, bj slanderer, list» (II Lonnollj) 5Ii P Delan) s r _ Postboj aged, carried lOst "lb (Dclanei) Mr J Hunts bror bill Gramllle, aged, list 21b (Hunt) Mr II Lonnolli us pr ç Marquis of Waterford, atsd list 101b (Gnrdlnir) Mr 1 Jenkins s di g btrugLlcr, aged, lOst Sib (M Uod) Mr P hollj sell L. Tho0«1 ai,ed lOst (Troj) Mr J Crookshanks b f, Union Jack, need lOst (J bing) Mt \\\ elinaiin a gr g The Irishman, 0 j rs lo.t (Bat i. Mr P kcllj s bl i, 1 ceplilg Tom UL,ed, »st 71b (I Allen) Lettinc. -7 to 1 ngst Gram Mo 4 to 1 agst Struggle! and _ to 1 ngst Irishman Tho horse-started bejond the logs and Struggler «as tito first over tho fence folio«ed by Posthoj At the «atcr jump I eepln» Tom stopped but the rest of tho ll.ld jumped «eil and «ere led b} The Onl down paît rho line}ard Union Jack slipped under the lenco hero and lost so much ground that ho wa-nei o lu tllu race alt* rivants Postboi le 1 for a moniLnt u they turned touards the bio-, hut qulckli gave wai to scobelolT «ho «as in front aloni. too further stretch followed b} Postbo} ThoO«! btrugglcr, M or quls of \\\ aterford Irishman and Grain Hie Lrosslmrtue toe, fence for tho second time Irishman carno down At ttieiibter jump the order Mas boob--Í7 Po-tbo} Oui btrug-er Marquis of Vi at- rford. and Gram Hie Uthtt fence «hore Union Jack malle tis mistake. The Oui struck beaillj.and jost his rider Once more along the back the order «as Soobelof7,Postboj, Struggler, Marquis ol Waterford and Gram Hie The two latter closed on tho leader as thcl sailed over the lo.a for Um third time but -.obelo- eaailj held his lead and « on by nbout threo lengths Postboy boating Grain Illa bj half a length for the next place struggler «as fourth and tbo Marquis of \\\at-rford next, lime, im S3s. ., -Ef,r.I\0 ltACE. duLtlon of 20sois, lu sclllug price Mr J Uteara} s b t Sister Único, bj The Drum mer-Noiicc 3yrs, £60 Ost .lb (A. Cox) Mr - IV cells s br f Urella, 3 }rs, -20, fist 81b. (Johnson) Mr M Langlcj s b h Bon Bon, 6} re, £40 7st. Dib (MoSitt) Mr J « arue s bril Chandos, 5 }rs £40, 7st Bib (Deuec) Mr T Mm¡ín9Sug Bendigo, Oyrs £20, Bst lSlb (B-rr) Mr A Í Johnson s b g 1 lato, 6 « re, £"0 Mt 131b (Cracknell) Mr T Tobias s b " Assurance 4} ra, £40 Ost 111b (Fountain) Mr 11 Butlers b g Doier u m, till cist Ctb , tarried Cab -lb (O Wilson) Mr fcs Weeks s o o Hampstead, J }rs nil, SsL 61b (M Donald) Betting -a to 2 agst bister Unicc, 3 to 1 _0btBreU_, " to 2 agst Plato and fi to I ac,st Chandos bister Lillee jumped awai « ith tho lead as Boon as the « ord to L,O M as _h en Vext to her Lame Bendigo « ith Doi er lasL bister Ulllcc increased her lead all the «ai home au I althouih Brella carno \ery fast at the turn she was biateu bl Hie lengths Brella «as fame distance lu adlancooF Bon Bon I lato ' fourth Chandos next Hump«-all fifth and Assurance last Tuno ois XtiL «inner «as bought in by the o» nor for 100 sors THE L-SENDOV If-NDICU OfMs-is Filo and a half furlongs Mr II Haines-beBerkeley b} King of thoIUng Lady Manners button 4 } ra (1st. /lb (Gorry) 1 Mr C Ki uah Jil a bor brj, S. Albert, -jrs Cst Olb (Barr) 2 Mr X Jones sou' rlmus, aged Sst (Blair) 3 Mr A. bummers s b g Aoo a,ed sat titi (Burton) 0 Mr A saquls b h Mistake, 0 J rd Sst. 21b (J Bro» II) 0 Mr M Uint_le} s br li Stationer, aged, Sst lib (D Boase) 0 Mr C li 1 Hart s b c Jocular, 4 ¡ ra, 7»t. 101b (Hutchens) 0 Mr J Wilson jun s, br f Lvle, 3yrs 7st 101b (Itobertson) 0 Mr J W arno s o o Lando 4 J re 7st. (Iib (Bruce) 0 Mr H Hojsteds og Ariel, S yrs, 7st 41b (Her bert) . 0 Mr U Hall s o o Salvo 4} til 7st 41b (Cope) 0 Mr S Miller's b t Ulalume, 3 y» 7st 21b (Tuomoy) 0 Mr T Collei s b f Hone;comb, 3 yrs, 7et Iib (saunders) 0 Mr P Kelly so g barfield 0 vrs carried "st. 71b , inclu-tng 71b penalty (tt. Benco) 0 Mi S Mahons b a Hemlock, 8}re, Ost 61b (I Mahon) 0 Mr M U Smiths b g St Aub}n, 6 yrs, 1st Iib (Cracknell) 0 Mr A Daucssbs Baron í\cebar, 3}re, Ost (G Johnson) 0 Bettln), - 2 to lagst-lio 7 to 2 each agst Houcj comb and Nuncio, 8 to 1 each agst Primus and Borkclej 1 rimus and Saho got best auaj, and eaob. in turn had tho lead fora short distauoe At the back of the comae St Albert was in front, and led round to the turn «here Borkcle} joined him At the finish tho latter «on by a heal, HU Albert was o> longtb and a half In front of Primus, and then carne St Aub} n, General Scobolo-. and Mistake, with Ulalumo last Time, lm 12s IHE KOSH HILL EACLS [BY SPECIAL WI1__] ITBOM ODE COIHL-SPONDE-IT J SYDNEY, SUNDAY Hie third meeting in connexion with the Rose hill ]iuce Club proprietary WUB success lull} terminated jeaterday at Kose hill near Parramatta. Hie weather waa charming, and a fcrcat number of visitors nvailed them Belvesuf the route by mer others going by rail and \thiele Ihe attendance was one of the largest }et witnessed -he stand en closure never looked better while the racine tracks and course hud f.rcatl} benefited by the rain Larr,e helds «ere the order of the day, and there v, eri. some well contested events. lauhh n ballaghupsetall the calculations in the opening eient while Lniy defeated the taiountc Koon in the Lxchani,e Plate, tliroii^h the lutter s rider endcavounnc to mil c ii close linish Dictator ran absolute!} lust in this nice Ihe boj, who said lie could not tet his horse up «as lined _r> lor disobedience to the starter 1 areuell fanly walked home in the Junior Handicap from I a.le Grange and Wanda condoled her puru by landing the Isovice Plate from Sir Unmet l_oim.t «as made a (.rout moral tor till. August btakca but was eisily dclLiited bj llliugtoii and 1 nugh a tull.iji Vppended arL the details - HIL bl IMl-ISDIC-, Of Ofaov for the Trat horse 0i.ois for the second oiidlOcovs 1er the thinl beien furlong« Mr T «.lliopi ni I e tauth a 1 allngh bv Capti valor-rreoJo \ 1 \rs 7s_-lb (Alsop) 1 Mr Vi leelsi» cb III Mai da firs ,at iib (tve 9j) 2 Mr >i Oirdiners br f MaKuiOcr 3 yrs, l«t 41b (Spider) J Mr lo) u I union s bk t Merlin, a,cd, »st Ub (Norto i) 0 Mi J \lona_hall ns th c L-plltlc 4 jrs bit 101b (Collei) 0 Mr C f Roberta a ch li His Worship ri jrs Sst lb (Diiib) 0 Mr 1 I 1 oller nsb 11 Leumeah OyrB 7st l°lb (Li .li h) 0 Mr J Mo la.han us ir _, College Boj, 5 }rs 7st (lb (Hams) 0 Hon Jas Whites li c Lennox 3 jrs 7st 01b (I II i) 0 Mr Vim 1 -irwins b f Umbra 3 jrs, "st 71b (GoliUi) ° Mr ena» 1 age s eli f Foil) 4 j rs, 7i-_ Olb (Fi.ldeu) . 0 Mr Samuel Fielder s br h San Jose, 6 j ri, 7st 61b OIKaj) * 0 Mr toseph Uro» n s b g Sir Ronald, 5 j rs, Ost 121b (M era«) 0 Mr J 1 aj Wnsbf Arista 4yrs,0it 101b. (5i'Aull(?0 0 Mr Geo. Donnellys bin hnvv, aeed cist 1111b. (vi Donald) 0 Mr W A Longs cb f Cobweb, 3 j rj Oat Sib (IV¡1 Hams) 0 Mr VI ne Duggan ns br c Brunker, S j rs Ost Olli (Smith) 0 Mr \V lorrestcrsbgMelccboe 4 yrs. Cit (Fvans) 0 Mr h. Hi ches chh Plaintiff, o yrs Oat. (Cunttclla) 0 Bettlm,-2 to 1 a.st W anda, lollj, audXeunox, S to 1 a¿st Merlin Leumeah and tspiegle, 10 to 1 agst Fau.li i hallagh V bad start witnessed Wanda and Invy obtain a decided advantage otcr tile remainder of the Held Tile pair carried on the runiiiuc. attended bj Arista, lauc,h a ballagh tile latter pu ling double on the nils and Ma.nlficr ne\t Nut much alteration oe- ' cltrred untl well inside tho distance, vvnen tang h a hallagh challenged the favourite and won a great race hv ucarlj half a length about a length off lla.nifler nos third College Boj fourtli Lmj His VVoislup lad Cob veh last. Tillie lui J~Is. Ti» I M II \N| I PI VTh. Of'OObOvs flic winner oin. sold tor ii- Slv. turloli s. Mr Geo Dontiolli s h ni luv j, bj Captn itor (ml) i,esl "st 'lb (M Auhlfe) 1 Mr loneph took s br e boon {¡.io) u 1rs Us* ISlb (to lu) 2 Mi t hcjssbg I rile (nil) r jrs "st "lb (IN ans) 3 Mr A h. Cornnells ch _ Sir Garnet (_i) n"ed 'st. 1 lb (1.¡negar) 0 Mr C r Roberts slit Dictator (ml) aeed 7sl lb (Dai is) 0 13ettn"-0 io 4 on Luv j " to 1 agst Sir Canct, 4 to 1 ox ti Dictator An indlf ereitt 3 are Fnv v ind Boort Jumped avvav Dictator I ein- left a" tile l»o«e uatteratlo I occurred In ti e nuntin., until lu ide ttie distance pott »here Hoon win had cvidilitli been ivaitttiv uascalti.lt laujttiglt iherdcruf tntj and beaten bj half a Illili rime lm ¿4ls Tile vvninur was bought In tor os is THF JIMOR HVM1ICVP I Of 1 sots, each with led «oin. added I'or three jear olds btcond 10 sovs. from ile pnre One Mr VV A Spot ce s br o larcAcI! U) Beauclcrc Vdieu, i»_ 71b (Ilutlab e) 1 VIr Jos Monaghan Ht Dr c fcaeje Grange bat "lb (Hlrrts) 2 Mr CUT Hartsbrohner (1st 71b iRIIej) 3 vir A h. Cornwell s b or br I Pet clr! esc. 4!b (Littegarj 0 Mr H M S Co\ s b e V cngcitr -st 21b (I il liLlter) 0 Mr U A Longs ch g Little Charle), "st 101b (Collet) 0 Mr A J To vier lis br g Chartreux "st Sib (Eng lull) 0 Mr W 1 Hawthornos bkcCzarot itch, * t 4!b (fielder) 0 Mi D Lawson s g c Sir tanies 7«L 4lh (kelso) 0 Mt Geo Udborncsbc Algerian "et Jn (»muli) 0 VIr Jo eph Cooks br o Boori "st. (A Coiltj) 0 Mr A L Cornwell s ure I ppercut "st (steeper) 0 Mr 1 li smith shf Landa Ott Olli (hi am) u llcttii e -4 to 1 each i.st r aren eil and Sir Janie;, o to 1 ac,st AtQ-crlan and let Girl S to 1 a^ t s.fter a couple of attcmjits Mr lames on the m side and larowell Jin ipeel avaj lronl tho flold anl Iel three lengths to the turn whero Kac,Io triune took tiilrd piaee then Algerian hner and I uper Cut. Ncatinc. the distance rurewcll trent to the front and Sir James dropm 1 hack beaten tippo s te the stand hacje Uraneo and Liter m ide strenuous effort! to reacli larcvell but it was ot no avail atti lie woi verj comfortaUli bv and a clear !on"tli from Ea^le Grange who*liiii>hed half a leualh In Iront of Lner Lp|ter tut was fourth ti cn caine Bjori bir James Czarow itch, and Cobnej last lime lm 5ols Tilt NOVICES PL WE Of 75 sovs One mile and a furlong Mr VV Kelso s ch m VI anda I v Grandmaster Oulda 5)rs Sst 121b. (anilth) 1 Mr A k Cornwell s ch g Sir Garnet aged 0*t 61b (Connell) Mr T sampsons b g Miles 5 Jrs Sst 101b (Voting) ., Mr D Coopers eli o Orator, 4 j ra, Ost 71b (Lamond) 0 Mr Mark Hobinson s b g Lifeboat, 4 j rs, Ost Sib (Reilly) * 0 Mr Vi' li Kents b ( Galatea 4 J ra, Sst 121b (lot.) 0 Mr J Gordon s oh g solicitor, 4 j rs, Sst 121b (MCahan) 0 Mr S VV Knight s h or br o Dagobert, 4 j rs Sst 01b (Robertson) 0 Mr Thomas Ivor) s b c Blemish, 4 jrs, Sst "lb (GI) nn) 0 Mr Geo lionel!) s g g ltosinante ac,ed k:d 2lb (Gardiner) n Mr J L. Brow n s b f Osj re) 4 ) rs Sst (skeeghan) 0 Mr G1 lxisebj s b m Presta 5 J rs 7bL (tamp bell) u Mr L. Hughes schh Plaintiff Ovrs, Tst (Vouni) u Mr II Ucrbcrtsbrc,TomWillis,4vr8 7st(!? mil») 0 Bottine. -2 to 1 each agst Wanda anil Galatea j to 1 aunt Dagobert 7 to 10 to 1 agst others The first to sholl in front were Miles and Da"ober* but alter settling down Wanda took seoon 1 place Sir Garnet heading the others Approaching the turn Galatea made a run but stumbled and cot ri I of ber rider throwIngOsprcj ver) wide out Hound ing the turn, VV auda led and was never headed nlnninj, bj four lengths from Sir Garnet who was four lengths in front of Miles third, casln" off 1 iaintlff and Ospre) were last rime 2m. OJa. rill ALC-tST srv.kis Ol 3 sovs each with 100 sovs added lor tho first horse and 5 sovs for the «econd (Juc mile al d a quarter Mr V\ Kelso s b g Ellington, bj V\ ¡Id VI av c, 0 } rs Sst 61b (Kelso) 1 Mr J Allsopp s us b o Faugb a Ballacb 4 jrs, 7st 01b including 71b penalti (Allsop) 2 Mr VV A Long's b g Comet ac,od Sst (Collo)) J Mr K ¡J Knights b h Itapid, aged, Sst 121b (Gallagher) 0 M- * F 1'idcocks h b Wallangra S jrs, Sst Jib (English) 0 Mr Jas. Monaghan s ns b g Tliourdank (late Jack of Clubs) 5 jrs 7st 2lb (Harris) 0 Mr A L Cornu eil s br hJuuius aged, Ost 1Mb (Sleeper) 0 Mr U. Herbert s chh Albert Victor ti jrs, est 21b (Cuneen) 0 Mr L, Hughes a b g Defendant, aged Gst(rieldon) 0 Betting - to 1 agst Comet 7 to J agst VV allandra j to 1 aj,st Ellington Fau"Il a Ballagh and Itapid After one break auni raugh a Uallac,h, Ellington Junius, and albert Victor jumped off in a iii e Going nlong the river side Junius took up tho running from Ellington laugh a Uallagh and Wallangra next Defendant hcadini, the rest Along tho back V close up but at the live furlong post cave 1 lace to Defendant, who led Into tho t>lraic.ht closelv at tended bj Comet Wallangra and Llllngton Uppo site tho distance the last-named drew out hut was quickly ciiallonBed b) the favourite and laugh a Uallagh Wallaltera meantime showing, sij,ns of dis tress Opposite tito stand kllinuton had tho favourite in trouble and won comfortabl) lauc,h a Ballagh gaining second honors owing to Comet casing off Wallangra was lourth 1 mlntltT next Albert Victor and Juuluslast lime 2min 14scc Tun s A. TKorriívG CLLB (BrTEixGitirn FROM Otu CORRLSFONDEN-T ) ADELAIDE, SvhDK-c 0 he S.A. Trotting Club Haces were held on the old course j esterda) '1 he weather was fine, and the attendance fair lhe lollovvinj, are the results - HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. Brirond lost Olo (Cluuton) . 1 Okaparinga, lOst Olb (hain) 2 Lady tarrington, 12st (M Orogor) 3 Thirteen started Betting-11 to 8 agst Brigand 5 to 1 Wild Dog, 0 to 1 Banker 7 to 1 Okaparinga 8 to 1 Boreales Won by six lengths. bLLLINO TROT lie 1 Rover " - 1 Belle . . 2 Napoleon u ..3 Fiftceu started Won eui!) SAPLINO STAh.13 Three and a half furlongs. Moddclina by iieekenuat-Mee, Morrill« (Weasel) 1 Micaw bur (Campbell) 1 Trojan (O Brien) 8 Silver Hook, Lara Pot Bon Ile, Ambition, Gemini, Repose and Zcriina also started betting-Even on Maddelina, 3 to 1 agst Trojan 4 to 1 Micaw ber 0 toi Pot bouille. Won cleverly bj a length with the samo between the second and third horses Time 43Js. ALGOST IIANDIC\P Seven furlongs Tarpcla "st (Reed) .. . 1 Isonomj Sst 7lh (Quinn) .. .. 2 Wilka, bat 71b (»agir) S Sandal Anarch) lhe Baron The Levltc, Vivacity Tlie Lawn, Tho Treasurer, and Dick Buckingham also started Betting-3 to 1 each agst Sandal Tho Lawn Wilka, 4 toi Isonom), 6 to 1 each The Treasurer, Tho Baron Tarpila. Won easllj by thrco lengths. Wilka was a good third rime, lm Sljs. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE. Swordfish, list 101b (M Gregor) 1 Chrj sails list 21b. (Kain) 2 Demon lost. 2ib (Murdoch) 3 Flying Buck Intrepid and Sir Ewan also started Betting- 0 to 4 agst Chrysalis, 2 to lsnordfllsh, i to 1 Demon A splendid race. Won by two lengths. HANDICAP DISTANCE TROT Dora ... 1 Crusoe . Rovor .. 3 Eighteen started A good race RANDWICK TRAINING NOTES [BY SPECIAL WIRE ] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT) SV.DNEY, SUNDAY Business commenced at Randwick j ester daj rather earlier than usual Monaghan was about the first to make his appear ance Chrjstal had the best of Carlisle over a Btrong once round ABtroa put in a useful gallop ot a mile and a customaij style Cairo in company with Pretoria, cantered once round. Angora ran six furlongs at her top speed, greatlj pleasing the touts Lralla then cantered, and strode nvvaj for a cipital mile and a quarter regis tering a c.ood tallop She tired at the end Abner who is looking the pic ture ot health was treated to slow work Cardigiu appeared to hold Clarendon prettj sale in a Btrong mile and lempe timslied in front oi Hexham oier seven fur Ionen 1IIL.1IIO.UI1 Mtuy and Lancer ('id usetul work as did Muster Avenel Matcblotl Norlentelilt and Percussion did a strong once round while Despot hil most to snj at the termination of once round with Monte Christo lhe Svdnej Driving lark Clubs track opens to morrow ut tlie \\(,nculturul bocietj s grounds near Moore pari Mr Jno lait the well known sportsman is n"nin scriouslj ill 1IUMINO ill! MI LBOUKNE HOLNDa Pi av brou! for the third time tina setiaon was thi place appointed bj the muster lor the meet of the Melbourne hounds on Stiturdaj 1 *ie severity oi man) of the runs with these hounds recently ha« sadly thinned the held, some hunting men havinK at least two horses placed kora d? combat Ihe following mem bera of the hunt put in an nppearanct nt half pnst 1 o clock -Jlr 1 Matson (acting mister) on bu isa liou Mr C \\\ Uinptnun on Irmmva), Mr IL Ulner on Siphon, Mr J Andert-onon Uanda Uovvn, Mr \ \ndcr son on ...¿hl- jer, Mr li Prell on Susj, Mr ** \\\ ilhams on Conrad, Mr" I) Munro on Redoubt Mr Garde on lenor, Mr C 01a,Kcocl_ on Abdullah, Mr Bru ii ton on Acrobat, and Mr S>rae on Min our necn Judae Hick man Molesworth und Mr Mneirthur were mounted on hat Us, mid there wire -.everal lidies in cn ma re- present at the throw oft At the hour mimed, the hound.) were taken to a point ubout a mile south of Durham'»., and laid on to the scent close to the south bide oi the bandhnrat rmlwm 1 he line ot the hunt la) to wa ni a M illiunistown for n mile or two, then lurmt-U westward crossed the ocelot-!; road and tilt, SUelttoii Creek, near the üuid mg Mac, ptssuu -onth, Mr Cherrj's pro pert) was croa-ed and, to all uppeurante-., the sta¿ wis makuu straight tor his old co\crtat Point Cook 'Ihe Ueelonx ruilua) line ami sivcul paddocks were crossed on Mr M'P-i.raona property, when the sta^, (iiuhun himself c1 obi. I j pressed I» the hounds, stood it bj-¿ in a clump of trees, within halt a mile oí the sea, ubout midway between I-iiverton and Point Cook, and waa recap tured Une run uasaseiereoneot eight or 10 miles without u check, and was prenti) enjoved b\ the hunting men «ho were out it bein,; acknowledged to lm\t been one oi the he,* runs ot nu C-t.cept.omiU> good season 1 \er) description or obstacle waa met with, but with one or two exceptions tht fencing of the horses could not lia\e been surpa.s_cil I lie hunt returned to town bj waj ot I a\er ton, tailing on Mr MThersou at Ins lunn, stead, and crossing the Williamstown 1 err) COUhbhNU A1.BUÄY CLUB MEIilJNG. {BT fct-Fuiurii TROM OLIÏ CORHESIONLFNT ) Judge-Mr Maloney Slipper-Mr kelli Al BORT ST f-hGEH, For 10 puppies nt 2 guineas cacle Winner, ¿20, second *!>, third und fourth, JL2 2- eaeh II (continued) Mack Gin beat Fly (I) h i bo Las. bent An hie tovcntrv beat Llack Oin IV Mr J lljins bit li hibo La«s bv Don-Queen boat Mr I ^ Allana bkw d Coventry by hint KUs Mocki.j- Bird, and won tho stake. MIMBFKS VTM.fc-. I or CO all agc« ati.l-at.ti Winner JL12 «=e"ond( £0, third and fourth _._ each li riucj beat Green Sleeve-* Spungbcat Uiuo Bell Revuard beat Modest) Da«¡\ beat Nell) Bob beat 1 izz. III Spring heat Blue) Rev Hird beat e»ai j Bob a b) t n Eob beat Spring itejnard ab)e Mr r ralphs be vv d Bob by Warlike-Rubv, baat Mr J Gleesons bd d Rojnatd, uud «on the stake ALBURY, SATURO IT Mr Griete liming placed one oi his Bun gowannah paddocks at the disposal of the members, the iirst meeting of the Alhurj Coursing Club was concluded to daj 'Jhe da) was fine, and hares being plentnul and strong, a \ery pleasant days sport waa enjojed by a numerous eoinpan) Mr Malone), ot Wangaratta, and Mr Kell), ot Ungen., respeeti.clj» omeiutcd as jnd^e and slipper lOOiltAuL ESSENDON V. CARLTON The last match of the present season to be played on the East Melbourne cricket ground took place on Saturday between the Essendon and Carlton clubs. It was their second meeting, and as thee previous game had resulted in a draw a close contest was ex- pected. In addition to this the day was one of the best we have had for football this year, and it was therefore no surprise to see something like 12,000 people present. Baker, captain of the Carlton won the toss, and decided to defend the northern goal, by which decision he had the advantage of a slight breeze. The wind increased in strength as the after- noon propressed, and it perhaps beneifited the Essen- don more than the Carlton. Powell kicked off for Essendon at 10 minutes past 3. The ball was re- ceived by Creevy, who threw it when pressed by Martin. A free kíck was awarded to Martin, who scored first. behind to Essendon. Johnston and J Cameron sent the ball down the west wing, and Baker scored a behind to Carlton from a free kick. The ball travelled up the ground once more, and Meader kicked another behind for Essendon. The Carlton fol- lowers took the ball down the centre, where Woods gave a mark to Baker, and he, in attempting a goal, had the misfortune to hit the post. Pike and Meader took it up the west wing, and the latter gave Nally a mark, from which he scored first goal to Essendon with a long place kick. The Carlton posts were assailed for some time, during which 4 behinds were scored by Essendon. Cook and Wilson showed good play for Carlton, and sent the ball well down to the centre of the ground, where Baker kicked it while it was rolling and scored the first goal for Carlton. The play was kept round the Essendon posts by the Carlton forwards, but a behind was all that could be scored. Essendon now rallied, brought the ball up the west wing, and scored their seventh behind. Whelan, J Cameron, and Baker forced the ball up the centre, and 2 behinds were scored, after which the second goal was kicked by Baker from a mark given him byJ. Cameron. Knowles Mair and O'Bern took the ball down on the kick off, and Wood scored sixth behind. Dunn marked from the kick off, and passed the ball to Nally, who in turn sent it to Jullien. The latter kicked for goal, but the ball fell short of the posts and was just rolling beilind when Meader picked it up, and kicking a goal, equalised the scores. Half time was then called, the scores being-Essendon 2 goals 7 behinds, to Carlton 2 goals 6 behinds. Essendon rushed the ball forward on the throw up, and eighth behind was scored by Lang. Jullien got a mark from Stafford and passed to M'Shane in front of the posts, and that player had no difficulty in scoring third goal to Essendon. Carlton answered with a good rally, and soon had the play round their opponents' posts. A free kick was given to Whelan who kicked in front, where Woods got tho ball, and again the scores were made equal. Martin added another goal to Essendon's score with a good kick. The efforts of the Carlton were now beginning to weaken, but, although the Essendon were scoring fast, the play was not uninteresting. Wilson, of the Essendon, made a good run down the Jolimont wing, and scored fifth goal with a running kick. Meader scored the sixth and last from a free klck. The scores at the end of the game were Essendon 6 goals 13 behinds; Carl ton 3 goals 8 behinds. Essendon's best palayers were Meader, Nally, Smith, Wilson, Martin, Francis and Pike; and the most prominent on the Carlton side were Baker, J Cameron, Coventry, Woods, Cook, Whelan, and O'Bern. Mr J Shaw was an efficient field umpire. UNIVERSITY V. SOUTH MELBOURNE. These clubs met for the second time this scoboii The taino w as pla) ed on this occasion un tho Unit cr sit) cricket-ground* In tho pretence of about & 000 .p.otator- ¿.lins captained the bouth Melbourne, whilst G E Cussen led the University Ihe South Melbourne team wero weakened bj the absence at Bushell, whilst tho Unhand ty were conslderabl) han dlcapped bj the absence ol Tim ai tes, Bell, and Gleeson, the latter two being fellow ors The da) wai tloriousl) fine, ard the ground in very good condition JJms for tho bouth Melbourne, uon the toss, nnd elected to kick to wards tlio western gaol Having a light breeze behind them, the "south madu a good ru_h and assailed tbo UnUcr.lt) goal, aud secured lU-t behind Tho Unlvcrsit) then rallied and forced the ball through their opponents goal but It wai touched "between ttie posts a behind being tho only result. The South then ccnuucnced playing well together, and succeeded in scoring -ctcral^oalre The Uni vor bit), however, were plavins a j,ood up-hill tÛII1-i and Ewerat times made it warm for the South Met bourno back pla) era At the termination of the flr_t half of the game the score Htood-bouth Melbourne a^aola and 0 behinds, University 1 goal and _. be hinds. After changing endj the South Melbourne again showed theil superior!.) inJS condition and in tho matter of concerted pla) The Unlverait) were, however, much faster ono run of Strahans from end to end of the ground being particularly brilliant. At the termination of the game cha scores stood-bouth Melbourne lu goals and 1_> behind»* Unlvcrsit), 2 goals and 2 behinds. Ihe -ii-cosslul goal kiekut, for the South Melbourne weru M Keu_ie 4 J Minchin, J, Burns 2 and \ouni_, and M Minchin and Bead, 1 each and Law renco and h recman each succeeded in 1 lcLinD 1 goal for the Univers i tv The following players particularly dis tinguished thomee)vea for the bouth Melbourne - Young Burns Al Ken_Ie Minchin, and MacknUrht whilst both tho Cusiens Shaw It. S rboiu_>ou, and Lewers, were conspicuous for the losers. MELBOURNE V. RICHMOND. Theso clubs met for the second time th__ season on Saturdayafteruoon on the Richmond ground It will bo remembered that In the first match tho Richmond ob Uined a vlctor) b) three goals to one ibu weather on Saturday was splendid, and thero was a numerous attendance of .pectators Thu ground, however was vcrj soft in places. Melbourne wero captained by George Aitken and RlchmouJ by Geo Smith The former won tie toss, and sont their opponents to klok uphill towards the railway end Graham kicked off for Richmond Purcell obUincd A mark, and passed the ball to O-.hanna»)' and it was dan eerou-h near the Melbourne goal when it wa. re .¡cullin Carroll Ilowarth then obtalnc 1 a mark at cas) distance and scored first hchlnd tor Richmond Aitcrsomo bnurt plu\ bj Graham nnd Harper for lUcluuond, and Aitken and Carr»li for their oppo nents tho pla\ was carried Into Richmond terrltor) Carroll outlined a mark in front of the JK>_-S and passed the^ball to UriiKths who I ick ed first ¡,oa- for Melbourne Gr»ham %ain kiel ed off and tho ball was *¡oon once more lu the virtnitv oí the Riohmond stick- Alum sharp struj,t,lo Carroll once more bclzcd the ball and pa..ud It to Griffiths who was Just prevente J from repeating his previous performance A 'ouple of behinds were adde I to the score of the visitors and then the Rich mond men of whom Harj er Crotan and S)lo were conspicuous forced the ball toward the rail wa v cr I, but onK a 1 chlnd was tho result Shortl) afterwards Rlchmon I wi. awarded -v free kick and Conlon buc ceedud in I taking first ¿,oal for Rlchmon 1 amid_t great aj plause bomo excitine j Ia) followed Rich mond obtained a behind and bad the ball a^aln well torward when it w is sent awa\ to the south eastern corner from whence Doran 1) a cle crrunnui_ kiel bucurc 1 bccou i go d foi Melbourne tor some time tho pla) was fast and furious tut neither side su cceded in obtaining an) gnat advantage Carroll ultimately secured the ball and in a trice it wa. Hutt rill* at out the Rh hmond ¡wet- Gai roll marked to Rona w ho mi-sud a» eau) shot for Hial, mid nddc 1 anotticr behl id for Melbourne I ht bill was then forced arro»* to thu north eastern corner and Conlon kicked It w11 up to the Melbourne stronghold 1 ureell tdiortlv tftei ward» undu au uii-ucceasful attempt for f,oul from a lotit, di.tatiLC mid the ball was 6cat behind hauii silo hat added another behind whan half time was called an I the position of affairs was found to be ilrlbnurii- 2 ^oals 0 behind- Itkhniond 1 eoal 0 behind* Upon resuming the ball waa rapid I v {carried towards the Melbourne coal, and after aj »harp «crmim&utt; Crohau marked to Le pilton who kicked second goal for Richmond At this tims the gamx waa "'("t exciting and each tide played with vigour and de termina tlou Anotl.tr Í ehlud lor Melbourne mode the fcorm¿ equal eatl. team Len ii: credited vrith 2. goal« 7 behind« The r«. mander of the game «wa (succession cf victories /ir the local mm Again and again did the Visitors for u the ball to Um \cn,e of victorj. hut each time it v\ai brought back again Tho pla) was i it,imr close to the Melbourne stronghold when Uarper marked to Meier, who punte 1 third goat for luohmond Ino bali was then carr ed to tho centre but Stephen J marked to lackman «ho succeeded at a distance or 30 \ ardii in fconns fourth toal for Richmond au achievement which »as retel* ed with immense enthu iiastu bj tho spectators A few minute* later Jacl man waa given another opportumt), and kicked a mth poa! for Ktchn.ond Still another victor) was ia Immediate prospective when the bell rant and tim Same closed-Richmond 5 coals 12 bc'unds, ile I ou nu., i goals 10 bdilmb. WILLIAMSTOWN V. FITZROY. These clubs met for the 6ccona time this season, on Saturdav, tho first match lu\ iiij resulted m a u hi for tlie ut> team The Bamo waa pla)ed on the W llliam* tanti t.round lu the prescum. oi a lartc nuuibcr Í fiiiectatoid W orrail led the Fitzroj team and Lamm., the Williamstown .The fonuci won the to-.? at I decided to kick towards the beai-h end *-omc too i markinch) tim local mut brought the ball well /cr m rd and two b bindi were tcorcd litzrov Uni carried the pla* to the oppotitc end and Carroll kicked a "oal Williamstown responded withacoujlj of behind a. The my nun added two büilnds io tliL r M-ort^anl soon after ltappiport punted sicoud H\ \ for r«rro> At half t m« nie e.am« *too 1-Fitzrc v 2 toals i behlndi Wlliamstovvn f> behindi» in nie cull portion of tee second half the local team hut the best of tile ga mi and several behind* wire «cored At length Jmlur who had had bev eral »hot 1 Ickcd first toal forW Pilan» own FiUrov rallitd and carried t'ie leather to tho other end of the enclosure and W orrail kicked third teal tor the \ Itdturs \V illiam town added a bellin t and i coal kicked by lav) r trom a (,°od distante to their ta 1) TI» citv men tru i too* thi ball mar their opponents uid but simp ter averted tlie danger Hie leather was then earn 1 up and do v n the ground each Ride st oring a beni mi During the Just .0 inimités Williamstown hod ti o taino altogether their own wa), butmerelj increa*. i their score Ln behm is Several oí the lutter |asrtd through Tajlors hands ot eos) distances am, sink inu, the toal ports lhe tame ended in a victory fur Iitzro. In 3 toals (I behindsto 2 toals Iii behind» but Williamstown was considered to lave bad lim beat of the pla). *or Htzroj Lock ¿luir, Heron Melun?, I ind»e> O Lean, W orrail totherst.il on 1 ¿wing and for William-tow ti Hall, Kenned; fitz jatrick, Worroll, Jones (two), I*animg Clark Ta\lor undMickreU were m o at conspicuous Mr J Kick ards made a verj impartial central umpire SOUTH BALLARAT V. GEELONG. On Saturda\ afternoon tlio flr»t twenties i ti o South Hulla rat ¿ml beetons clubs met on the old Corio cricket ¿.round for tho tint time this season At the close ol last teason the Geelong were defeated bj the same club About -l 000 spectators w.tiies»td tiic game At the close of the first hou- Ueolon, ha t t co red J ifoals and (J behitidti to ¿south Ballarat s 1 gtul and 4 behind* la tim carl) part of the second bpell bv excellent w orking and marl iii¿ to one another ti ti Uihrat showed faU{crioritv over the Geelong but the kie inj, at tbe posts was moat erratic, M haj iiiihaüu filrJj cuvj chances twice and Murphj and LVOM onie each lne llnal rc*nlt was Geelong ti toals li behind* South Uallarat 2 "oala 11 behind^ Sir 1 J Ti-ÍL aete i aa euitral umpire Scott was captain of the v isltors und Ktrloj in the absence of M Lean who wit* hurt on the previous fcaturdaj, captamel the Gcclou^ team THE HOTHAM V. BALLARAT MATCH. The match which was to hi^e* taken place between the Hotham ami liallarut clubs ou baturdaj did not come off, the latUr club ¿ending word, at the la»t luoniLtit, that thej were unable to get together a team* _ The following junior matches were also played on Saturday :-Brunswick, 3 goals 15 behinds, v. Fitzroy Imperial, 1 behind ; South Yarra, 6 goals v. Brighton, 1 goal ; Moonee Ponds, 1 goal v. Royal Park, nil ; Grace-park, 4 goals v Marlton, nil ; Essendon second 4 goals, v. Carlton second, 3 goals, St. Kilda, 4 goals, v. St. Kilda Royal, 3 goals. LACROSSE. Tho I-acro^so Tournament for n trophy of £5 be* tween tim Colling ood, ¡south "iarra ¿Ielbourne, mid Iltzroj clubs was pla> ed at tbo South Melbourne Cric! et tround on Saturday afternoon Thcrewasa \erj Boo I attendance rho flret heat \\\&i; betueen the Coliingovood and South Varra clubs the latUr bciut* under the di arti antaño of pla; bur without twj of their ehoäen pla) era until late in the taint, up to half timo a verj faet gaine was plajed, neither side havint nnv dtttiuet iid.aivtate boon after the bul was thrown off aeaiu, however A Colo for Col lin vr woid managed to bcore the filst to^b ^he hout i \ arra men rullj ins Hankluson tried for goal, but vr^s stopped b3 Loombe1* the (Collingwood go lkeepei \ verj e\citin/Mtrugulo soon after took place in tlie Collintttood goal, but in «pito of the exertion? cf M Cal¿, tiic ioutli \atia Wen were unable io score, and on time being cal ltd the Collingwood wiro th<» \ietors willi 0110 toal to norn lhe next heat w as betw ecu tho Melboui ne ana Huroj clubs Goldsmith, for Melbourne who ' trequentlj di^tlnguialicd himself bj his Hue j lav, had several aims at ^oal du rim: the ilrst half bli ii dou and htatter aaa plajed well, but uptohaU ttu« no toals were scored althouth the plav wasnnxli on lila side of the if el bourne On the tn"'0 bein re tuimed Howell, who ueatlj received tho lall tren ho\ in.cured a goal for Melbourne, licaland btriex land plaj ed v, eil for I itzroj, but thej w e ro unable to alttr the fortune of the club, tho game ending in 010 toal for li el hourn 0 to titzroj K none Soon after tin* deciding heat between Melbourne and Collintwood was commenced The first goal for the latter was scored bj Williams ¿.orcuttand Coventrj for Mel bourne, and A Cole and Hutchison for Collingwood did t°°d work for their club» After a "ood de^l of plav in the centro of tho ground the Jlelbotino manated to run tho ball to tho Collingwood end where L, Fox seen red a toal K\citing scrlnuna^ïi took placo near the Collingwood goal but the Mel bourne vi ere unable to score again Towards tbo end I of the tame, the ball being bent down to the Mel bourne end the second e,oat fur Colime wood wai secured bj Williams The rest of the plav was in favour of Collintwood, thou eh no goals were fccorud lhe trophj thus fell to tlie lot of the Collintwood club, boutü "i aira being _,hcn second place QUOITS The following Is tho result of thcquoltinc tourna meut plaj ed on the south Melbourne Quoit t round, last Saturdaj afternoon for Mr Carson a prizes - Patterson 31, White 20, Jenner di Carson 25 Ganar 31, ItUBscll 2d Julian 31 Martin _f Sharp J! buller ton . , Drummond 31, Watson 2o Cameron (scratch) HI Deaio23 Itiohardhon 31, Cornish .7, W eton 11 Thura 28, Powell 31, Burke 29 Theie was J largo at tendance of thotewho admiro the gauu of quoit* Thophv. wastood Tho handicapped gav e eatWao tion to the competitor« liIC\ CLING Tho annual general meeting of the Melbourne) Biojolc Club was held on lucsday evening lost winn tho following officebearers vvero elected for t!ia ensuing year -President, Mr J H Allej I ii vic presidents Mesers \\\ Drummond, O M'Leaii, and Walter 1-nrrol captain, Mr ¿red StoUs A hand some cup was received from Messrs. Drummond an I Co of Coltlns- aticct as a tropliv to he computed for at the clubs coming race meeting, which will take place earl j In November SP0R1IXG TI LHG1UMS (BY TELEGRAPH FitoM OUR CORRU>I o' DENTS.) VDKLAIDL, SUNDU The only senior football mutch je^terdav nfcernoon waa plajed between bomb Ade, laide nnct Adelaide, on the Kuiisinaton Oval 'ihe former won bj 5 goals to J IIAMII/10>, Smiwu The Hamilton 1 ootball Club plajed 1 strong, team from Lake Bolnc to dav for tin lient) Challenge Cup Bunn/ the first halt the MSitors plajcdagood uphill ¿ame uit'i a strong ^lnu aKuinst them 'lhe wind then died auaj, while their play became weaker, and that of Hamilton more brilliant 'Hu* result was- Hamilton 4goals and20 bchinds, and Lake Bolac, 1 goal and 5 bollinda "WARIIN VMBOOL, SLNDU At a meeting of the A\ arrnambool Haciiu Club yesterdaj. Mt A b Helpman waa up pointed secretary to the club, 'lhere were be\eral applicants RfAccoRDiNc to the latest leturns, London ho- a Dopulntion ot 0,200,000. 