The reports of the Charitable Institu tions of this colony for the year 1884 have been published. They represent, as usual, a most terrific array of figures connected with the expenditure in estab lishments maintained in whole oT in part by the taxpayers of the colony. One's first impression upon a perusal of these reports is that a wasteful and extravagant expenditure must be going on ; that institutions now under separate management might ba amalgamated with great economy ; and that the care taken, and the expense in curred, in making the social waifs of the earth more comfortable than many an honest struggling family, of whom we hear nothing, is going juBt a little too far. A careful study of the matter leads to the conclusion that, much as the necessity for maintaining such establishments is to be regretted, very little can be done in the way of saving expense, and that instead of reducing the number of institutions, there is still room for more at this side of the colony. There has always been a difficulty in Launceston, and in the inland towns, to know how to deal with juvenile offenders, in conse quence of which they mostly go Scot free, and matriculate iu the schools of vice, where they have been trained from child hood. On the Hobart Bide there are several training schools, or institutions somewhat akin to training schools. There are an Industrial School for Girls, a Boys' Home,aGirls'TrainingSchool, St. Joseph's Orphanage and Industrial School, St. j Luke's Free School, four Ragged Schools, and now there is a recently established | ' boys' Training School at the Cascades, j Such an institution as the latter is much ' needed in Launceston, as a receptacle for ' j the waifs aud strays who so frequently are being brought before the Police Courts on the Northern side of the island. The Hobart Boys' Training School was es tablished only live montlis when the re- 1 port was sent in at the end of last year, and at that time there were only 17 boys . admitted, wh'jse ages ranged irom 11 to 17 | years. They were sentenced for periods varying from one to five years for the fol lowing offences:—1 Theft, 12 ; burglary, 1; malicious mischief, 1 ; idle and disor derly, 2 ; forgery and uttering, 1. Ten of the boys had both parents living, and only two had lost their mothers, so that they must belong to a very depraved class, | seeing that the 17 youths had 15 living I mothers, who, had they possessed the common instincts of humanity, might hare trained their offspring to be bread winners instead of charges on the State. As this training school at Hobart is the latest development of the modern method of dealing with youug criminals in this colony, it maybe interesting to briefly ex plain tile plan adopted in view of their reformation. The boys are treated as members of one family, the endeavor being to create a home influence in the institution — an enjoyment which they were deprived of in early childhood ; to give as much freedom as is compatible with the good order of the establishment; to stimulate the inmates to prove them selves worthy of confidence by their con dud: ; and to infuse a good moral tone into the school. The boys are to be ta tight in itidustrial pursuits. Jfinfe wete learning to be carpenters, and eight Were Engaged in gardening, all of them being reported to be well behaved, and anxious to get on. It is intended to start a dairy, and for that purpose all the land belonging to the Government at the Cas cades is to be utilised, when milk will be supplied to other charitable institutions, and a farm laborer will be employed to instruct some of the boys in agriculture. The superintendent (Mr Longtnore) is of opinion that corporal punishment is almost wholly unnecessary, and in fact does more harm than good. The boys are permitted to indulge freely in athletic sports, and Mr Adye Douglas has generously provided football and cricket requisites for their amusement. The humane system now adopted in the charitable ' and training institutions costs no more than the more cruel discipline of the past ; and it most decidedly must have a tendency to elevate the young mind, aild bend it in the right direction. It is to be hoped that a training school for juvenile offenders will be establishedin the North, as a receptacle for those incorrigible youngsters who infest the streets, and steal from gardens and hen-houses, their chief ' incentive to crime being the want of care and comfort in their homes. There are some matters in the published accounts of the various institutions which strike us as anomalous and questionable ; and it is to be hoped that before the estimates are passed for another year some inquiry will be made. There is a Girls' Industrial School in Hobart with 37 inmates, and one at Launceston with 25. The former receives a subsidy of £380 annually, and the latter of £229. The former received in private subscriptions and donations, in 1884, the sum of £76, and the latter received £215, besides instalments from parents, £21. Thus it will be seen that the Hobart school had a revenue of £12 9s 8d per head, and the Launceston school had a revenue of £18 12s per head, or about half as much more as the Hobart school. But . this is not the matter to which we would direct attention — it is this. The Hobart school is largely self supporting as compared with the Laun cestog. . DjiruQ£_ the year the proceeds of washing a,nd needlework amounted to £173, and the only return we have from the Launceston school is for ' wash ing and work done by the girls,*'' £48 We are inclined to think that the time has arrived for strict inquiry to be made into the working of these and kindred institu tions, which might be made much more largely self-supporting than they now are. Anyone observing the fine healthy-looking girls of the Launceston Iudustiial School, as they parade the streets occasionally, must be be satisfied that three-fourths of them at least are capable of getting their own living either by washing and needlework, or by going out daily as helps in respectable families. With the dearth of domestic servants it seems unreasonable for the State to have to support this class of paupers. At the same time it must not be forgotten that different cases require different remedies — that some of the inmates cannot be permitted as much freedom as others. In regard to the management of the charit_ able institutions, we feel assured that it is most creditable both to the colony and the male and female officers em ployed. Still, we are certain that in many instances there might be a great saving of expenses. A short debate took place in the House of Assembly on Thursday upon Mr Brad don's motion to the effect 'that it is desirable that in the election of road trustees, the old system of the ballot be reverted to.' The Attorney-General pointed out that the former act did no provide for voting by ballot, but left it entirely with the chairman of the meeting to decide in what manner the votes should be taken, bo that the ballot system was simply the effect of common usage, and not law. The House, however, appeared to think that the law should be amended so as to enforce the ballot system, and also to provide extra polling places in the districts. The debate re sulted in the withdrawal of Mr ISraddon's motion, on the promise of the Minister of Lands that he would confer with the Attorney-General and introduce a bill making it optional with the ratepayers to vote either openly or by ballot, and also making proper provision for additional polling-places. If Mr Brown and his colleague, the Attorney-General, can find any time to consider the matter, they will be doing good service to re-conBtruct, in some cases, the road districts in the Rural Police districts. A short time since we gave an instance of the election of one family in a small district down at the Huon, and the same principle is at work elsewhere. There are at least twelve road districts on the North-West Coast, not including Waratah ; and the result is that each of these little districts is liable to get into the hands either of one family, or one set of persons, whose interests are identical, and opposed to the weaker parts of the district. Some of these districts are only two or three miles in extent, and the natural consequence is that tho trust degenerates into a peculiar form of petty despotism, which can be better understood than expressed. Road Trustees have very large po km in their hands. They have power to inflict the heaviest tax upon property that tho law allows. They have power to waste the money of the ratepayers by making new roads to suit their individual purposes, and so leave other parts of the district without roads for want of money. The case would be quite different in larger districts, where there would bs scope for the election of suitable trustees. If Mr Brown could boil do^n the 70 or 80 road districts, - which now keep the unfortunate rate payers of the rural districts in terror, and convert them into a dozen or two, he might devise a Bystem of voting by ballot at different polling places : but while the districts reni&lii; so sniall there will always be dissatisfaction, and the weak will have to bow down to his stronger neighbor. Besides all this, the trust funds arc neces sarily wasted in small districts. We trust that if the Roads Act is to be altered at all, the amendment will provide for the reconstruction of the districts upon a larger basis, in order that what Mr W. T. H. Brown calls the 'happy families' may be consigned to their proper place in nature. Held Over. — -In consequence of tt lHrge influx of advertisements we are compelled to hold over communications from our Lefroy, Beaconsfield, and Deloraine correspondents, and the letters of 'Farmer Will (No. 5),' 'Kuockdinnon,' ' Chanticleer,' and ' M. T.,' all in type. Permission to Sell. — Mr G. T. Collins made application to the Bench at the Police Court yesterday, on behalf of Hugill Sharps for permission to sell liquors under the license held by S. H. Frost, of the International Hotel. The Police Magistrate objected, that as the licensing meeting was close at hand, it Should be presented to theni instead, but Mr Collins showing that was impossible, owing to 14 days' notice being required before an application could be entertained by the Licensing Bench, the justices granted the permission. Police .Court. — The charge sheet yes terday, before the Police Magistrate, and Mr E. Whitfeld, J.P., was very quickly gone through on account of the cases being withdrawn or settled out of Court. A man, aged 40, was cautioned and dis charged for being drunk and disorderly. Edwin Brown, charged with Btealing two pairs of blankets, pleaded not guilty, and evidence having been taken as to the loss of the blankets, which belonged to Mr Jas. Ley, of the Park Hotel, but nothing being brought forward connecting the accused with the robbery, the case was withdrawn. A charge against the same prisoner of being idle and disorderly and on the premises of Mrs Janet Telfer, at Inveresk, for some unlawful purpose, was withdrawn. A charge of assault was withdrawn on the defendant making an apology to the complainant. Two other charges of assault were dismissed, the complaining parties not putting in an ap pearance. In Chambers. — The only case which came before His Honor, Mr Commis sioner Whitefoord, in Chambers, yester day, was an application made by Mr J. B. Waldron, to stay judgment which had beeu entered up in the case of the Patent Engraving Company v. Crocker, which was granted. PHOTOGRAPHIC Views. — Mr F. G. Duff announces in another column, that photos, of the popular Pollard Liliputian troupe, and also photographic views of the country in and around Mount Bischoff, can be had at his establishment, Charles street. We have been shown a sample of the views, which were taken by Messrs. Anson Bros., of Elizabeth-street, Hobart, and they are certainly excellent speci mens of the photographic art. Campbell Town Show. — The agricul tural and pastoral exhibition, which is to be held at Campbell Town on Wednesday next, August 5, promises to be in every way equal, if not much superior, to its predecessors. A large number of special prizes have beeu presented as usual this year, and the entry list, it will be seen, is most satisfactory. In the horse section there are no less than CO entries (includ ing 28 hunters), cattle, 2S (including 21 fat oxen) ; sheep, 78 ; machinery and im plements, 34. One of the most attractive features at ihe show will be the ' throw off' for a hunt, wliich it lias been arranged will take place after the jumping has been got through with. The throw off will take place near the Show Yards, and as I there is a fine stretch of country, well timbered, as -far as fences are concerned, for some miles on all sides of the ground, an excellent view can be obtained of the chase. We believe it is the intention, iu accordance with the usual custom, to get Pariiaineut to adjourn for that evening to allow some of the Ministry and other members of the House to attend. Special train arrangements on the Tasoianian Main Line Railway for show day, will be found in another column. The Fink Arts. — As will be seen from our advertising columns, there is at pre sent cn view, and for sale, in the window of Mr ? W. C. Joscelyne, of Si. John street, an oil painting by Mr James Pee!, an English landscape painter of good standing, the subject being ' Norham Castle on the Tweed.' Another pic ure by this artist, subject, ' Crossing the Stream,' now iu a private art collect-ion in this town, attained a place of honor at the Exhibition of British artists iu Lou dun, and was valued at a hundred guineas. ' Norham Castle' is a splendid specimen of Mi- Peel's art, and well worthy of inspection. Iu the treatment of the foliage and rocks, and also of the dull, cold ruins of the old castle, Mr Peel has shown much power with his brush, aud the reflections and shadows thrown across the Tweed are most life-like. F OOTBALL. — This afternoon the Launces ton Cricket Ground will be the scene of another hard fight between those now famous onnonents in the football field — the Launceston and City. There has been a little difficulty, as usual, in the selection of the team of the followers of the dark blue, who so characteristically leave their most important business to the eleventh hour. As this match is expected to be the toughest of the season, many of the supporters of the game looked eagerly for the teams yesterday, but could not be found, not even in a little paper called Sportsman. The names of the City boys were supplied, as they always are, most regularly, but the Launceston were not, consequently we refused to publish one without the other. The following are the teams : — Launceston — H. Watson, F. Climie, O. G. Douglas, P. Millard, E. A. Lucas, C. Home, F. Mitchell, F. M'Namara, J. Mansfield, J. H. Cato, W., M_, and P. Sullivan, Johnny Wilson, G. Gibson, HL M'Eachern, Fitz patriek, Wilson, E. Parker, A. Hall. City : H. Lillicrap (captiin), N. Atkius (vice-captain), D. Murnane, H. Mathews, J. Ryde, J. Roles, D. Conacher, F. Groves, J. Coade, J. Heydon, T. Peters, R. Ellis, G. R. Lawrance, J. Coogan, A. Edwards, E. Ryde, G. Williamson, Joe. Dean, A. Mills, A. Stokes; emer gencies — H. Ryde, Wal. Lawrance, The following team will represent the United Star iu their match against Albert Juniors on the Cornwall Ground to-day. , — H. O'Brien (captain), J. Tracey, J. 1 Rogers, J. Miller, S. Gaskill, Callaghan (3), Waddington (2), Wikou (2), M. ! Jacobs, J. Forbes, Sullivan (2), W. Cahil, N. Smith, J. Blundell, W. Collins ; ; emergency — T. Bryan. H. Diprose, W. Manion, J. O'Brien. United Temperance Conference. — A public meeting will be held in the tem perance Hall, York-street, in connection with the United Temperance Conference, | on Friday evening next, August (! Mem bers of temperance societies willing to i march with the band are requested to | meet at 7*30, and at 8 o'clock the chair I will be taken by Alderman Sutton. Launceston Homing Pigeon Society. ' — The next race in connection with the above society, will take place on Saturday, Augnst 29, entries for which will close at the Enfield Hotel, on Friday, August 21. The Champion Stakes race has been post poned from the 29th inst. to the latter end of November, on account of the bad weatli6r for training. The Cuckoo Club. — On Thursday evening lkst the Cuckoo Club, a small musical society formed in Launceston, gave their initial entertainment at the Library Hall, Westbury, before a m oderate attendance only, which may well be attributed to the fact that on that evening; straljge to say, two or three patties tooK place, almost an unusual thing for a small country district lllie Westbury. However, though the at tendance was small, the enthusiasm of the audience was most encourag ing, and the first entertainment was, in one sense, an unqualified success. After the overture, Mr A. Spotswood sang the first solo, that well-known pathetic ballad ' See that my grave's kept green' excellently, and he was well re ceived. Mr H. Cato was applauded loudly for his solo ' Will you come to rdeEt me,' a»ld Mr Sydney Smith seemed to hit the taste of the audience immensely with ' Tread softly, the Angels are calling.' Mr W. Sutton and Mr C. A. Morris also contributed a couple of solos, namely, 'Somebody whispered so sweetly'' and 'Sweet Genevieve,' both of which were accorded hearty applause. The two corner-men, Mr E. Spots wood and Mr A. Oowper, were most profuse with their humor, the first-named especially being received at once as a firm favorite. The finale to the first part, which consisted principally of national songs, was one of the best performances of the evening. The ' Star Spangled Banner*' was sung by Mr Sutton, ' The j Marsellaise 'by Mr Sydney Smith, 'The watch on the Rhine' by Mr G. A. Morris, and ' Rule Brittannia' by Mr H. Gate', each soloist waving the flag of his country. The second part consisted of a trio, ' Ye shepherds tell me,' by Messrs. H. Cato, W. Sutton, and A. Gladman, which many considered the gem of the evening. A stump speech by Mr E. Spotswood, really cleverly rendered, and a solo, 'The Sailor's Heart,' by Mr A. Spotswood. The third part consisted of that well known farce, ' Rum'ns from Rome,' in which the following took part : — Mr William Sutton, as Chorkey Chump (an art collector), Mr A. Spotswood (Captain Smith), Mr A. Cowper (Joe, otherwise Ajax), Mr E. Spotswood (Julius, other wise Hercules), Mr T. Binney (Mr Chips, from Rome), and Mr Herbert Cato, (Arabella Chump.) The ' get up' of the several characters was excellent, especially 'Arabella, who looked most bewitching, and Julius, who was every inch a South Carolina nigger. The farce created inces sant laughter, and, in fact, the whole of the Cuckoos' first entertainment seemed to be received in a most flattering manner. A word of praise is due to the able con ductor, Mr H. Cato, and also to Mr T. Binney, the accompanist, who contributed by his overtures in no small way to make the concert enjoyable. On Friday evening next the Cuckoos will chirrup at the Mechanics' Institute, in aid of the colors for the Northern Rifles. Welcome Tea-Meeting to the New Chinese Missionary. — The large school room adjoining the Wesleyan Church, Patterson street, was crowded last even ing, the occasion being a welcome to the newly-arrived Chinese Missionary, Bar tholomew Wapg Poo. The welcome took the shape of a tea-meeting, the edibles of which were provided by the Chinese residents of Launceston, and as the affair was entrusted to Mr W. Marshall, Town Missionary, to see it carried out properly, the gathering was a most enjoyable and successful one. At 0*30 a large number of the Chinese resident iu LaanceBton, sat down to a most sumptuous spread, those who were married being accompanied with their wives and children. The ladies who as sisted at the tea were Mesdames Farmilo, Chin Kitt, Ah Catt, Thong, and Ah Kin, etc., to whom much credit is due for the spirited way they went to work. After a hearty meal had been discussed, a meeting was held, presided over by the Ven. Archdeacon Hales, who gave a brief but most interesting sketch of the character istics of the Chinese race, and of the re ligiousteachingof Confucius. His Worship the Mayor, who followed the chairmau,also addressed the meeting, and gave the new missionary a hearty welcome on behalf of the town. Addresses were also given by the Revs. C. Piice, G. T. Heyward, and Messrs W. Marshall, G. Babington, D. Room, Ben., Chin Kit, Ah Ban, Ah Catt, the three last speaking to their cjuntry men in a most grateful manner, first in English and then in their own tongue. The new missionaiy, Mr Wang Poo, ex pressed himself highly pleased at the re ception, and spoke very feelingly of the courtesy and goodwill extended towards him. During the evening the Chinese joined with the English portion of the audience, in singing a number of well known hymns, after which votes of thanks were accorded to those kind friends who had provided the tea, and the meeting closed by the Ven. Arch deacon Hales pronouncing the Benedic tion. The Dog Catcher. — This individual is doins; good service to the town — not so much in ridding it of the dogs that are caught and executed, as in causing the inhabitants to look after their pet nuisances by keeping them at home. Yesterday afternoon the canine authority was seen beating his way at intervals to the lock-up with an animal which seemed sensible of his fate, and declined to move, while a knot of boys kept on calling and whistling to the dog from behind. It would be well for constables on the beat to take one or two boys in charge, and thus teach them a lesson. Bread albane Ploughing Match. — All persons interested in holding a ploughing match this season at' Breadal bano are requested to meet at the Wool pack Inn on Tuesday next, August 4, at 7 '30 p.m. j Commercial Bank, Longford and Latrobe. — In another column an adver i tisement will be found, inviting tenders until noon of August 24, for the erection of banking premises at Longford and Latrobe, for the Commercial Bank of Tas i mania. Limited. Full particulars as to plans, etc., will be found in the advertise ment. The Australian Journal. — We have received from Mr John Fitzgerald, of George-street, the Australian Journal for August. The leading tale, 'A Terrible Resolve, or Lady Edgar's Child,' is con tinued to the close of the 14th chapter, in this number 'The Ship that Never Came,' is also continued, 'Joe Silvester's Ghost,' is the title of an interesting yarn from the Detective's Album. The August number is aB entertaining as any of its predecessors. Sunday Services. — The Gospel will be sung and preached to- morrow at the Temple, Wellington-street, by Pastor ; Hiddlestone, 'morning aud evening, and the usual special service will be hold over the bridge, at 3 p.m. — At the York street Baptist Church, to morrow even ing, a funeral sermon will be preached on the deaths of Mrs Esther Wilkins, and the lad, Edward Baudinet, who was recently drowned in the Tamar. We may also mention that in connection with this church the next Wednesday evening service will be conducted by Miss Arnold, of the Zenana Mission, India. ? The Rev. F. Beattie will preach morning and evening to-morrow at Chal mers Free Church. — At the Wesleyan Church, Patterson-street, to-morrow, the Rev. H Saloway will preach in the morn iiijH, aud the Rev. H. Baker in the even ing ; aud at the Margaret-street Church, the Rev. H. Baker will preach in the morning, and the Rev. H. Saloway in the evening! — The Rev. A. Madsen will preach to-morrow morning and evening, in the Primitive Methodist Church, Frederick-street, and during the week revival services will be held each evening, commencing at 7*30, at the same place of worship. Pollard's L i l i r u t i a1 n s. — The Mechanics' Institute was crowded to excess last e*en!t}g, when Oflenbach's popular opera, 'The Prinesss of Trebi- j zonde,' was produced by th£ above talented troupe of juveniles. The curtain rose to ' the latest London novelty,' ? ' See-Saw,' which is a new piece to a Launceston audience, and it was received j ?Sith thunders of applause. ' The Prin- ' cess of TrebizcSdo' also passed off in a highly satisfactory manflef, the applause being frequent and hearty. Miss Ruth Wallace, as Regina, and Miss Flo Ds J Lorme, as Tremeleni, were very con- | spicuous for the way they maintained j their respective parts, while Miss Amy | Rror.lr* rUhrinlo full lUStice 1 to the comic character allotted to her. Prince Casimer was a rather difficult part, but was well sustained by Master F. Ferguson, and Dr. Sparadrap, also a vety tedious part, was allotted to Miss Lizzie Connolly, and considering the tender age of the performer, was taken very credit ably. Misses Maild and May Pollard were well received as Manola and Prince Raphael, whilst Miss Bella Stewart sang charmingly as Zanetta, afterwards married to Prince Raphael. To- night the ever popular opera, 'La Fille de Madame Angot,' will be produced. This will close the season of the troupe for the present, and after appearing at Adelaide (for which city they leave on Monday), and a few other intercolonial towns, they intend to return and pay ua another visit. The Academy of Music. — We are glad to learn that Mr W. I. Thrower is making excellent headway with regard ta the dis posal of shares in the Academy of Music, now partly erected in George-street. Over 3000 shares have been taken up, and promises have been given for 700 more. As several of our couutry readers have intimated a desire to secure some shares in the above building, Mr Thrower an nounces that on Wednesday, August 5, show day at Campbell Town, he will visit that town, where he will be most happy to do business with those persons requiring shares. The Victorian Budget. — ' Timo theus,' of the Argus, in his notes ' Above the Speaker,' remarks The budget is the one address which the practice of Par liament allows the Speaker, if he is so in clined, to deliver from a manuscript. In some of the colonies the specch is printed and circulated beforehand. The next step will be to take it as read, leaving members to read or leave at pleasure. There would then be another illustration of the wisdom of Hood, who, after enu merating how fairies skip at their revels, j how flounders skip in the pan, how children skip, and apparitions also, avers — | But oh ! how readers skip, In heavy volumes dipping ! ? and ? ? and ? . . . . and ? All are -fend of skipping I The point about the budget i3 that the Treasurer has seven millions to spend. And there is a lot of spending in seven millions of money. Sir John O Shanassy carried an amendment once, and sent a budget back on the ground that if a Treasurer wanted more than three mil lions he ought not to get it. But now New South Wales and Victoria are racing as to which will first obtain a million of population, and which first will have £10,000,000 of icvcnui. In both instances Victoria has the cali, and tho verdict seems likely to be 'the favorite by a head.' Irrigation Works — During thecourse of his remarks at the Mount Bischoff Co.'s meeting last night, the chairman drew attention to the waterworks and similar schemes of Victoria, comparing them with the cost of reservoirs and dams at Bischoff. The latter have cost, under £10,000, while in Victoria the Govern ment have spent £4,000,000 in water works, amongst xnem Deing cne lan xeau £1,800,000 ; theColiban, £917,419; Gee long, £329,283; Ballarat, £362,000; St. Arnaud, £13,000 ; Clunes, £81,784. Of course, it may be urged that some of these schemes are much larger than that at Bischoff, but few people are aware of the large quantity of water used at Bischoff and our tin mines in general. The daily consumption of water in Laun ceston is 2,000,000 gallons, or about 10 sluice-heads ; the consumption at Bischoff is about 40 sluice-heads, or sufficient to supply a town of 80,000 inhabitants at the lowest estimate. Few better arguments can be found in support of the theory of the opportunities existing in Tasmania for using its water supply for manufacturing purposes than the relative cost of such works in this country, and other colonies. Dr. Finsch on German New Guinea. — Dr. Finsch, the German representative in New Guinea, is a passenger by the Iberia, which arrived at Adelaide on 27th July. In reply to a representative of the South Auslralian Begiskr, who waited upon him, he said that he had explored the whole of the northern coast of New Guinea He speaks in favorable terms of the country, and compares the climate to that of North Queensland. The coast laud is rich, cedar is abundant, and the country is suitable for agricultural and pastoral purposes. Th e natives are good agriculturists, and grow sugar- cane, bananas, and yams. He found no trace of minera's, and does not believe that they exist, unless in the interior, which he did not explore. A large river was discovered, named the Empress Augusta. He thinks that a prosperous colony may be founded. Tho first thing to do is to establish steam communication with Germany, which is now losing by emigra tion about 60,000 persons every year. He hoped to induce some to go to New Guinea. Samoan News. — From Auckland, under date July 27, we learn that Malietoa, the Samoan chief, has written to Sir George Grey, expressing his unchanged desire for union with England or New Zealand. The rebellion in Samoa continues, and it is feared that the rebels will attack Apia. Five hundred are encamped six miles j from the town. i 