Y.M.C.A. ANNIVERSARY. The first anniversary in connection with the Ballarat Y.M.C.A. was celebrated by a tea and public meeting in the Alfred Hall last night. At the former ample, provision was, made for all present by the' caterer,-.Mr CbarleaWalker. The ladies whopresided over the tables wore as foIlbwi-AMesdames Thornton, Murray, R. Jones, Roseby, C. Boyd,' Jno., Letcher, J. L. Reeves, A. A. Buley, W. L. Morton, R.. Kennedy, J. - W. Inglis, W. H. Jones, Wm. Little, R. T. Cummins, D. Ham, Julius, H. S. Mercer, E. Richards, Jno.' M'Leod, W L. Binks, R. Tunbridge, and Misses Oddio and Russell, THE PUBLIC MEETING held subsequently was largely attended, about 3000 persons being present. Bishop Tliomton presided, and there were also pre sent on. the platform the following ministers and laymen, amongst others;—The; Yen. Archdeacon J alias, and the Revs. Dr Rosebyl M.A.. H. S. Mercer, M.A., J. G. Perrin, H. W. H. Adeney, R.T. Cummins, R. Jack son, IV. L. Morton, J. W, Inglis, Murray, W. L., Binks, Hastie, W. Thomas, W. Pressley, IV. Williams, and R. Kennedy; Dr Grattan Guinness, and Messrs James and .Bell, M’s.L.A., Walker, J.P., S. Morrison, •W. A.- Southwell, H. Jones, and J. L. Reeves. The proceedings were opened in the, customary manner by singing ■ and prayer.. The chairman, in his opening remarks, described the progress of the society since its inception as by no means unsatisfactory. It had a great work to do, and was doing it. The members’ roll now numbered over 360. But it was not alone in numbers that it had done well, but in gathering together such a diversity of, religions as were represented by the members. The grandest point of the “Song of the lamb,”- spoken of in Reve lations, was not the number by whom it was sung, but that it was sung by all peoples and tongues. In the Y.M.C.A. there was catholicity of opinion, and this was its great point. He wished all the young men of Bal larat would join the association. He be lieved in decentralisation, but this might be pushed too far. In religion, especially, it meant bigotry and narrow-mindedness. He hoped that soon the association would be building suitable premises. They had a sum in hand, chiefly the result of Mrs Hampson’s mission. Why should not the association combine with the Trades’ Hall or the Fine Art Gallery, and build on the site between Camp and Lydiard streets ? If the members’ roll were built up they could soon build in bricks and mortar. It was said the work of securing members was difficult; all the more reason why the members should work harder. There never was anything ■worth accomplishing done yet that had not the element of difficulty in it. He thought young men could generally be led by judgment. Let them be offered suit able recreation and opportunities for im proving the mind—not in terms of conven tional Christianity—and they would find that religion was not a thing to be avoided, but furnished pleasure of the truest sort.. (Applause.) ' ■ The Rev. Dr Roseby next addressed the meeting." He remarked that a Y.M.C.A. should be characterised by a broadly catho lic spirit. It was an association of fellow ship, and to deal with certain phases of .reli gion rather than religion in the abstract. It was not a; Christian Young Men’s Associa tion, but a Young Men’s Christian Associa tion. It did not take upon itself the re sponsibilities or functions of a church. It should not rely too much upon service. There was much work for it to do outside of this. "lie believed, with a Bamptou lecturer, that the more religion was felt the less stress would be laid on services, and religion would be lived instead of formally observed. (Applause.) In the world above it was a striking fact that there was no temple. There was in the rising race a great love for sport. It was all very well to hold up the bauds in pious horror at the 140,000 people who visited the Melbourne racecourse; but what could they give in its place? Well, the association should reader valuable assistance in this direction. It should be strong in recreation. (Applause.) For those who were too heavy for cricket, there might be a field naturalists’ club, or a microscopic class, or a telescopic class. No doubt literature formed an important fea ture in the association’s programme. He merely threw these out as suggestions, and concluded by remarking that an association that had for its object the gathering together of young men under Christian conditions had his warmest sympathy, and would after wards have his hearty co-operation. (Ap plause). The Ven. Archdeacon Julius was the next speaker. He was glad the Y.M.C.A. had attained its first year of life and had such a grand meeting for its first anniversary. Ho believed it had a great future before it. It was a leaven to “leaven the whole lump.” It was not alone the gathering together of young Christians, but the working of young men for the improvement of society. He be lieved in manliness in sports. But sports too frequently meant gambling and drinking, both of which came stiaight from the devil. (Applause.) How was this to be stopped? Not by the young men shutting them selves up and looking out of a window in pious horror. They should go into the world and play hard, and show that a Christian could be jolly. (Applause.) Then the association should provide food for the mind. In our Mechanics’ Institutes the novels wore in the majority, and were read more deeply than any other kind of litera ture. No, not more deeply, because there was no depth in them, but more widely. (Laughter and applause.) Ho believed in the young men reading good works—not some of the stuff that was issued in the name of religion, and was wishy- washy. This did almost as much harm as the other novels. (Applause.) He wanted young men to lead, the fashion. He did not mean in clothes. A tailor might make a gent, but he never made a gentleman yet. He wanted young men to look above the world. But he wanted to see young men of bone and muscle, and strength; manly fellows, for what was Christianity but manliness ? He did not believe in young men who lived half for God and half for the devil. Let them come out boldly, and show their colors, and the men of God through and through. (Loud applause.) Mr W. A. Southwell, general secretary of the Y.M.C.A., Melbourne, then spoke. He said he felt the same touch here as in Mel bourne, and all he had left behind him in the old land. He had acted as district secretary in part of Wales, and had also experience of the working of the association on the central council in England. He briefly explained the similarity in the method of organisation, &c.;, between-the association in England and that in Australia. The whole of the country was mapped out into districts in which annual conferences were held, and these questions of vital inte rests to the association were discussed. These districts had the privilege of each sending three delegates to the grand council held in London. The association strengthened fel lowship, for which man was made. What was the Y.M.C.A. for? Was it for amuse ment ? Nothing of the sort. Those founded on such a basis soon went to the wall, and the sooner the better. The word of God was the centre of the Y.M.C.A. They wanted members who were men, not washed- out bits of stuff, and they could not be manly without the Word of God. The more classes they got together the better," but the Word of God should be in the forefront. Anything that could not bear the light of that they had better have nothing to do with. (Hear, hear.) There were many young Christians present. They had been borne in oii a wave of blessing, but this would not keep them. If they wanted to advance in grace, there was nothing for it but prayer and the Bible. T f they wanted the power of usefulness in Ballarat they must study and live up to the Bible. The Y.M.C. Association must live in loving, glorious touch with the young men of the town. (Applause.) The Rev. W. Williams then spoke. He ;remarked that the young men had had ex cellent advice that night, and the only thing that remained for them to do was to practice it. Ho was glad that these associations were increasing their numbers. Truth was being assailed on all sides now, and such associations as this helped to combat the adversaries. There were a class of critics, nowadays who thought they could sweep the .whole horizon of thought with a telescopic vision. They told us that Christianity, with its rigid rules, was a drag upon the world’s progress. ‘ If such a man thought that the Saviour, who died to free men from the slaver of sin, was now rivetting fetters on men, he was' welcome to such a belief. He (the speaker) could not believe such a thing. The speaker then proceeded to offer advice to young Christians as to how they should 'act in answering unbelievers, and concluded ;by expressing his certain;conviction that,the doctrines’ipf current theology were, drawn from the: Word of God. (Applause.) < . . The Rev W. L. Morton spoke very briefly, and expressed a hope that theiwish of several speakers that the association should consist of manly "ybuhg.'ihen;: to fulfilled. •. The moatmanlywerethosewho followed •• closely. in the footsteps of. the •Saviour, and this, ho; hoped, .all-membersfof the association would do. - ' (Applause:)' A' • The Rev H. Stanley Mercer,' 51.A.," in preference to giving a speech,' : fcad ;a ; brief poem, in blank verse, which he had written in honor of the occasion; and, which was re ceived with evident marks of favor by' the audience. : • • . i , The general secretary, Mr Jones, after making one or two announcements, claimed for the association the sympathy and help of the public, and expressed a hope, that the members’ roll would be doubled by" next year. The receipts for the last 12 months, he announced, had amounted to close on £lOOO. After asking for persistent assist ance on the part of the. public, Mr Jones briefly moved the customary votes of thbnks, which were passed by acclamation. Dr Grattan Guinness then very briefly ad dressed the meeting. He remarked that," although knowledge was. a good thing, it was bettor for the young men to be filled with the Holy Ghost. There might be knowledge and eloquence, but without the Spirit the power to .bring souls to God was gone. If the young men were filled with the Holy Ghost, the association must suc ceed. The speaker, after referring to Messrs Studd and Stanley Smith sacrificing money and position in England to go to China, he, in conclusion, urged upon'the young men of the city to cast hi their lot with the associa tion and work for Christ. (Applause.) During the evening, at intervals be tween the. speeches, a choir of 100 voices, under the leadership of Mr J. .T. Morris, sang several choruses suitable to the occasion. Their singing certainly added materially to the enjoyment of the audience, and reflected credit on themselves and on theirdeader, Mr J. T. Morris. Mr W. M. King officiated us organist, and Mr Coiitts as pianist. Miss M. H. Davies also! sang very feelingly and sweetly during the, evening, “ Where is heaven?” and “Angels ever bright and fair.” Mr S. E. Figgis also entertained the audience by his spirited and feeling rendering of “Thus goes the world around,” a sacred song. Mr Coutts accom panied both vocalists. A collection taken up whilst the choir wore singing was well responded to. The proceedings were brought to a close by the singing of the doxology and the pronouncing of the benediction. 