NO ALTERNATIVE. BY THE AUTHOR OF 'DENIS DONNE,' &C.; CHAPTER IX. — MR. DEVENISHJ.EES A GHOST ! The tears sprang into Harty's eyes, and she' flung an immense deal of pathos and sympathy into the mere gesture with which she took the case from him. and looked down at the hand some sad lace ot tne man wno diea so young and so miserably. ' Will you tell me about it now ?' she asked, utterly oblivious of Claude's request diat she should ask no questions concerning die mystery of Frank's death: ? ' Will you '.tell xne about it? Can you?' ' I'll tell you anything you wish me to tell you,' he assured . her with unwonted nervous excitement ; and dien Harty put her hand on bis arm and said : ' You're sure it won't pain you ? I wouldn't hear it if it would hurt you at all to tell it to me ; but whether yon tell me or not. do believe diat I never felt so sorry for anything in my life as I do for you about this.' 'Yes, I believe diat, or anything else, sweet, diat you choose to tell me,' he said, passionately, prisoning her hand as he sooke ; 'you do mean what you say, don't you ?' he went on in a pleading, earnest way ; ' you're not humbugging a fellow ?' 'Yes, I do mean what I say,' Harty re plied, eagerly, thinking chiefly at the moment of what she had said about the sym pathy she felt for him, and the interest she felt in the dark fate of that poor boy who had been so tired of life. ' I do mean what I say, Mr. Ferrier, believe, and trust me. Will you ?' 'Will I not, indeed ?' he whispered, coming to a standstill, bending his head down to read her eyes, and clasping ^her hand more closely. And dien a conviction smote Harty thet a climax was fast approaching which she had not contemplated, and which .another moment's weakness on her part would leave her powerless to avert. She changed in an instant Released her band, an-i walked along by his side, so calm and cool, so prosaically indifferent to his-, agitation, so supurbly mistress of herself and the situation, that he felt it would be only making a fool of himself if he sought to touch her to tenderness about himself now. Accord ingly he fell back upon the original subject of Frank with a feeling of actual relief, a seasejof having escaped a mortifying danger. '? -~ 'It happened about five years ago,*' he_ said. '\ye were both, witii my mother at Brighton, bith of us with her at die same time for the first time for several years. The poor dear m ither was so proud of us, and fond . ' of us, that she had her best taste of heaven here below in those days when she would go out with one of us on .either side of her. She. had always beem-the best of, mothers to me ; 'r but Frank wis'-her idol, and 'I subscribed:. ; heartily to die idolitary of which my' young -' brother was the object. ' He was as handsome as a star — yon. can see diat at a glance even at diat photograph, and women all did their best to spoil him ; but h'e was one .of those fellows diat never went wrong; the very morning be left ns, the very last time we saw him alive, poor fellow, my mother said, as he drove -off to die station, ' The only heart-ache he's ever given me, are those I have when he leaves me for a day even.' ' He had gone up to town to meet Claude Powers, who was as fond of him as I was, and . so my mother and I didn't think much of it when die night passed without his coming back. But when the whole of die nest day passed I saw that the mother was worrying herself, and so I told her I'd go and look after him, and went up by the last train. ' I went straight up to die hotel at which - Claude always put up, and found that diey had both gone down to Sonlhsea the day be fore — the day Frank left us, in fact Some other fellows belonging to Claude's regiment had been up with diem, and the whole lot had gone back together. Next morning I went .,' down to Southsea, found Claude at his quarters looking broken hearted. Frank had been UTested the rrght before charged by one -of the fellows in the regiment of having, robbed turn of heavy sum of a mess-money : he was isarch;d, and the money was fo - d on him, and ' - le was unable to offer t he f Jniest explana tion as how he came to be in possession of it ' I never doubted him for a moment ; but I nearly died of the agony of hearing that he tiad been suspected. Claude was mad'against the man who made the charge, but I was sager to get to the boy, and so I didn't: wait to make any enquiry into the matter, but just vent straight off to the station-house with Claude, to cheer him if we could. When we ;ot there we found the wildest confusion regining — his room had just been entered, and lie was found dead, with his throat cut from ear to ear.' . . . .. A low, long cry of horror and anguish welled forth Irotn Harty's lips as his narrative reached this point She bad rent a veil assunder with a vengence. She bad developed \ mystery indeed. And in a moment the rogue, half-suspicious and irritating specula-. . tions of years faded into nothingness before the dread certainty of die terrible truth. The blooi of this boy was on Mr. Deve nish's head. Of that she felt horribly sujre.^ Claude's rage against, and repulsion to her' step-father, was explicable enough. The hoy had been loved as a brother by Claude Powers, '. was a brother by half-blood to die man by her^ side! The misery of it all ! The hopeless, ; inexttricable misery diat must be wrought to ? her whichever way she turned by this curse environed her, this curse of her connexion with Mr. Devenish. ? ' That's Frank's store, _Miss. Carlisle, and it ? fiai shocked you hornbiy. Power s was right, ? I oughtn't to have harrowed up your feelings . by telling you about it ; but I couldn't resist the chance of get'ing your sympathy, and I have it, haven't I ?' '? Does he know does he know, does he know?' These words actually sounded in Harty's ears as they formed themselves in her mind Was it within the bound? oi possibility that a man should know that the man who had murdered his brother and her step- father were identical, and should still speak to, tolerate her, breathe voluntarily the same air she breathed ? She turned a white wan face up to him ; she would team the worst without delay. 'And the man who accused him falsely, who lied him out of his life ; what of him ?' she gasped out ' Poor wretch, I left him to his own reflect ions, and never even tried to get at his name. You see die whole business was hushed up at once, and I was tom to pieces by my mother's anguish, and her ' death following almost1 directly after Frank's. When I came out of. that furnace of affliction, and began to make enquiries, Claude told me diat die man wB£-i had falsely accused Frank had been found guilty of embezzlement himself, and hadJ-een.. dismissed die service ; and ? -~' - 