HORTICULTURAL GLEANINGS, Sea hollies (Eryngiums) is the subject of a colored illustration in the Garden. Tua F-ryngos, or button snake-roots of the Ameri cans, belong to the Umbillifer family, consist; of plants almost unique in general appearance, and comprise about a hundred species alto gether. 'They are' (says the Garden) 'es- sentially ornamental-foliaged plants, and apart . from their flowers, which are almost without exception whitish or dull colored, they supply a want long felt in gardens during the dutt months. Isolated on lawns they look bold and striking, and are altogether better than when planted in clumps, in beds or borders. In then? cultivation drainage seems to be the most im portant item , and the more exposed the position, provided the drainage be good, the greater tha . success. In pure river sand E. Lasseauxi sometimes attains a height of 8 feet or 10 feet, a circumstance which goes to show their pre* ierence to a soil of a light porous character. Some of the Varieties are well suited either for mixed bowlers or rockeries.' Several 6pecies -of this genus were introduced into this colony by the late Mr. E. B. Heyne, who distributed them. We hare grown Eryngi'im bromelice folium, E. eburneum, and IS. |i:Ladanifolium in garden borders, and they all t'^ove wonderfully well when liberally supplied with water. They made pretty pot plants f-'r balls, windows, &c.; A correspondent of the Australasian, writing on sulphur as a cure for the scale insect, says : ? — ' Several years ago I had some young orange and lemon trees that suffered greatly from black scale. I had used dressing to the leaves and stein without any permanent advantage. About two years ago it occurred to nie to saturate the ground, as far as I thought the acots extended, with sulphur. The scale soon ?disappeared entirely, and has not returned.' JTrom this statement of fact the writer passes ?onto the region of conjecture, and asks: — ** Might not the same treatment clean phyl loxera- affected ground? It is worth finding; -mt if that form of insect life has attacked grape vines in country known (from natural ?causes) to 'be saturated with sulphur. I am trying if it will have any efiect on apple blight. 1 used about 1 lb. of sulphur to S square feet of ground. More should probably be used with a. deep-rooted plant such as the grape vine to give it a fair trial I observed a statement a month ago that sulphur had been used without efiect. It is just possible it may not have been used in sufficient quantity.' A start time since vre published an article by Mr. E. Tonks, extracted from the Gar deners' Chronicle, on sulphide of potassium as a remedy for plant disease. The journal from mirich the article was taken now says: — In support of his previous testimony with regard to the efficacy of sulphide of potassium in -rlieckijig the ravages of mildew and allied forms of fungus growth on plants, Mr. Tonks, of Knowle, Wamdctshire, recently sent to cur office a fine healthy specimen of a zonale pelargonium which a month ago was rapidly ptriihing from the disease. This plant had foten totally immersed, soil and all, in the stlution to the complete cure of the malady. In an article on seeds and seed buying the Gardeners' Chronicle remarks*— We cannot too forcibly impress on our readers this fact, that tfcf pedigree of seeds is as important as the pec ^ree of stock. If a celebrated br-eedsr «f she. thorns by his skill and perseverance througL long years has obtained a strain of animals tupeuur in some respect to all others, and so con.Diands a higher price for hi* pro duce, why should rot our seedsmen who iiave takui equal pains equally reap the reward of their J&bors; and enterprise ? Speaking of the titanic flower Puya or Chaguale, a -writer in the Garden says: — 'I shall never 'forget the first time I saw them growing when climbing in search of them near the Baths of Apoquindo ; the clouds overtook ice and hid everything for awhile till I saw those tall flowers like ghosts close to me, then a. snow peak far beyond, and then I got into a aew worldxjf wonders, with blue sky overhead arid a mass of cotton-wool clouds hiding all I lad left below, and. the sixange Puya flowers for company and plenty of lame to study them. About sixty branchlets are arranged spirally round the central stem, each a foot long and covered with Lads wrapped in flesh colored bracts. These open in successive circles, beginning at ike base ; the three slower petals at first opening are of the purest turquoise blue ; then they become darker, a mixture of arsenic green and Prussian blue ; the third day a greyer green; and then they curl them selves up into three carmine soarings, and a fresh circle of flowers takes their place outside, so that the longer the plant has been in bloom the larger its head becomes, and as the heads of the spikesorbraacbiets bloom last, it I0395 its form and looks ragged and-disreputable. Its stamens shine like gold in their polished metallic blue caps, and it is marvellously beau tiful at first. The third kind is smaller, and its flowers thin and «f a very dark blue, but its bright pink stalk is way. effiecjiye when seen against thegrey stones. Near the Puya a tall cactus generally forms pillars often 6 feet or 8 feet high, crowned isith white trumpet Sowers and. bud6, and ornamented with a 2-arasite whose white and scarlet berries are eatable. I found that the flowers never faced the same side as the parasite ; the former were as large as a German beer glass, and their footstalk - was full of sweet jaice, mast re freshing to .suck on the dry hillside.' Noisette Sose Lamarck {or Lamarque) is thus written about in the Gardeners CluroniAc: —'Amongst the roses which have suffered a partial eclipse from the rush for novelties is the old and beautiful climbing. Noisette, and yet it is not, after all, a very old .rose. It was raised by Sjarechal, a Freach grower, about the year 1830, and was at one time very gene rally cultivated by such rose growers as could give space to it, for being a rampant growing climbing rose it requires considerable room on a south wall; and where this is to he had most rose lovers prefer (such is . ihe taste for yellow roses amongst us) to give it to either a Gloire die Dijon, Madame jSerard, Belie Lyonnaise, or Mareehal SieL There is another reason which has tended to limit the number of its admirers— it is not per fectly hardy, and it will not stand severe winters as well as roses of the Gloire de Dii'm class ; moreover, it is hardly ever fit f ? -i- an e.-: - Mbition staid, and iiiat ia these davd is a serious drawback. And yet it sorely deserves a, better fate than this ; its numerous clusters at white flowers, with oftentimes the faintest sovpgm of yellow in the centre, are very chaste and charming, and there is no rose that looks fcetter when cut with a good long footstalk and placed loosely in a tall vase, especially if the ?rase be of Tuby-«plored . glass, when the con trast of the pure white flowers is very jnarked; it ib less formal in its growth than many of the exhibition kinds, and is thoroughly » lady's Bower.' This rose is believed to be the parent of Cloth ofGold. It does well here out of doors. It is, however, affected by heat sad drought to some extent, Kk« most roses. . A good deal has been written of late on toe subject of tine electric light and the growth of plants. One. of the latest contributions is from the pen of Mr. Peter Henderson, and is published in the Scientific American. Sir. Henderson says : — ' In conversation with Mr. Isaac Buchanan, one of the best known florists of New York, this subject came up, and he stated that his observation inclined him to believe that when plants were -used for decora tive purposes in rooms where the .electric light cvas used instead of gas, they seemed to have .all tfce health and vigor as if growing under the light of a conservatory. He furthermore said that he had. long ago observed that on moon light nights there was always a better derelop jnent of the flowers of camellias and roses during ?the winter months than when there was no moonlight. Hence he inferred that light, no matter how obtained, was beneficial to the growth of plants. This opinion from such an .authority-asMr. Buchanan, whoiswellknown to iave had nearly half a century's experience, and smo nasaiwaysoeenacloseobserver, is certainly worthy of gieat attention. It is well known 4o all cultivators that the greater the amount of sunlight the greater will be the develop ment of the flowers. We all know that in the ?dark days of December and Janu&rv; the growth development of rose buds, carnations, .&c;, is less than half of what it is in the months of March and April, when the days have lengthened and the increased sunlight .gives nearly twice the amount of light, l?ew .commercial florists have the means or time for jsuch expensive experiments as would be neces sary to determine, whether the use of the jslectric light in forcing flowers and fruit in greenhouses during winter could be-profitably ?employed. It is a matter of sufficient impor tax.ee, it would seem, for tbje agricultural ?department at Washington to take hold of. 3For be it known that the gardening industry now in the forcing of vegetables, fruits, aud particularly flowers, has Bullions {of dollars) of ?capital invested in it throughout the land, and ^?ives employment to tens of thousands of men ; and if nature can be aided by this wonderful ?electric light it will be a leap forward that the ?eiscoverer might be well pmud of.' An article on growing violets appears in the 'Garden, from which we extract the following : -—A certain amount of shade from the hot jsmemersun would seem to constitute an ele znent of success in violet culture. At the same -time, violets thrive very well in certain places jgrown as.a^field «rop and in the full blaze of the sun. This is, however, only where the soil 5 s naturally favorable, being, generally speak ing, a loam of a somewhat holding, but otlier * wise free nature. The greater amount of fresh 3pure air, too, enjoyed in an open field tempers the heattsf the suuandrobsXt of its debilitating jefiect. The violet often pines and dies in small gardens, because the atmosphere becomes over heated and deprived, of, its life-giying proper ties. It is, therefore, advisable in such place, to select a position screened from the midday sud. There axe two ways of mair?^ violet plantations. Either the old plant jtnay De divided alter .nowering or the vcung runners can be taken when they 'have become fairly well rooted. 'Where the plants have not become crowded, and there is sufficient space for the plants to form nice tails of fibres before removal, they will, if care fully transplanted, scarcely miss the' moving, .and,_if well attended to, will grow into large specimens by late autumn. If; however, they are likely to be crowded, it is better to cut them off and dibble them in in fine soil in a shady position, keeping tjie soil moist until they are well enough rooted to go into their permanent quarters, Old plants should be divided and set out in rows 1 foot apart and C inches from plant to plant as soon as tiie bloom ing time is over ; then they *nake good-sized specimens full of buds by autumn. When grown in frames they should be placed there early so as to get good root-hold by whiter. Violets in pots are very acceptable for the window and greenhouse j only, a few flowers will fill a good-jsized room with delicious fragrance. 