Hilary's Husband. Grace Dcnio Litckjicld, in the Cvntury% Hilary stood leaning against a ragged old oak just outside tho farm-house gate, watch ing her lover oa ho drove away from her for ever. It was a lonely road; there were neither neighbors nor passers-by to pear curiously ints her face, and Aaron never once looked ronnd aa he went; ehe need not have pressed back tho tears so resolutely. But ehe stood perfectly calm and still, looking fixedly down the road after the retreating wheels, though feeling aa if she were watching a hearae that boro away her heart to burial in some far-away graveyard beyond reach of tears. When tho.tlaat flutter of dust bad laid it self in the road behind tho gig, like a sorrow momentarily lulled to sleep, but ready to start into life at memory's first breath, the girl raised her clasped hands above her head, and dosed her eyes tightly as if to shut out the vision of tho long dull years to come, stretching themselves aimlessly into the dis tance, ompty, loveless, and hard like the blank road before her. Then she turned and walked steadily into tho house, and up tho narrow stairs into her aunt's room, and sat down by tho bad, folding her slender hands in her lap, and looking down at the invalid with tired grey eyes that scorned suddenly to have discovered the end of all things, and to know that henceforth they must .always look back instead of forward. The paralytic neither saw not heard whon Hilary came in. She lay as eho bad lain these many months, —past seeing, past hear ing, past suffering, yet living still, though as utterly dead to her old life as had the lie guiescab in pace already been written in let ters of marble above her. For a long time Hilary eat by tho bedside, absolutely motion less, save when she meohanically leaned for ward to brush a fly from her aunt's brow, or smooth away a crease in tho counterpane, or straighten somo email crookedness that un oonscioualy arrested her eye. One's outward senses are never so peculiarly alive to trifles as when a great crisis of fate holds all the ?spirit spell- bound. ' feo now the various oonseoutivo sounds of every-day farm-lifo Btruok sharply through to Hilary'B brain, and Eho rose obediently from her seat at tho first stroko of the bell ringing in tho men from the fields to their evening moal. Sho lingered a moment before going down, to look ouriously at herself in the Rlass. No; this change that had come vraa all in her life—not in herself. Thero were no wrinkles amid tho' faint horizontal linos that crossed her forehead,' no hollows in tho smooth, pale cheeks, no faded threads in the blonde braids that covered her head in suoh profusion. She looked the same now as when eho had run down so blithely to bid her lover welcome only an hout before. She pressed her thin, sweet lips together, and shook her head aa i< to fence off memory, and than sloiriy descended to the dining-room, whero Fanner Perkins and hie -wife, with whom she and her anet had boarded ever ejnea she oonld remember, were already seated at the table, -which was set ior lour, and had that air of olaboration'atoat it whioh tables, like people, put on for an eXpeoted gaeat. "Why, wbere's Aaron?" asked Mrs. Per kins, in evident disappointment. " I made sure he would etay, and opened a jar of my beat strawberries, thongh yoang men are that ignorant, I believe he'd all as soon have had crab-apples." ? "Hβ couldn't wait," Hilary answered quietly, as ehe took her place nnd baaied her self with her napWn. " Ho had a great deal to do." Farmer. Perkina raised bis bushy brows without lifting his eyes from his plate. " Had ho, then 1" he said, with good-humored doubt. " I'd be 'glad of the day when Aaron Johne had a deal to do." " Ye?," answered Hilary, lifting her head with a desperate feeling that it was beet to get through the worst at once. " Hβ had so little time. He leaves 40-niaht for the West —for Omaha." "What!" ??-'?. The exclamation came from Mrs. Perkins. Her husband merely suspended his opera tions with the waffles, ana stared at Hilary sideways. " Yes," eho continued, in a perfectly qoiet, unemotional voice. " Hβ said ho had failed long enough here, and he was sure to get a start there. It's a poor opening a young lawyer has in a little country town like this, ho eaye." ? ?? " llight enough there," assented the fatmer, resuming bis knife and fork and appetite. " We ain't, so dishonest about here yet, that many folks can earn a living swearing black is wiiite for us. Hell do a sight better in that lying country where he's going. He's a smart enough fellow too, is Aaron, Give him a start, and he'll not como in with the hindmost." " Well, I am took back," said Mrs. Perkins slowly, quite forgetting to spread her bread in her surprise, absently eating the butter in little lumps off the end of her knife, as if test ing it. "I can't seem to settle down to it. Who'd have thought he'd go off so sudden, for all the world like a rocket before the matoh is set to it 1 And when is he coming back to fetch you, Hilary ? " ' " He is not coming back." " Not ever ? " "No." The girl answered steadily enough, but her eyes fell. " Hilary," said Mrs Perkins solemnly, lean ing forward to look at her, with both elbows on the table, " yon don't mean you've been keeping company with Aaron Johns this twelvemonth back, for him to giva joa the go-bye like that in the end ? " " There isn't any go-by about it," replied Hilary quickly, a hot orimson spot coming to each cheek. " We'vs broken with each other —that's all. Hβ wanted mc to go with him, and I wouldn't. How could I leave aunt, when she's only mc in nil the world to stay by her and close hor eyes decently when she dies ? " " Come, oome," said Mrs. Perlins sympa thetically. " I don't know aa your church is stricter than ours, though it's true Episcopate have queer notions; but I do think there oughtn't any religion to expect a yeung girl to let go so likely a fellow as Aaron, and tie herself down to a half-dead body like yon poor, unknowing oreature upstairs, that can't tell porridge from cider." " I don't tie myself to her," Hilary an- Bwered, ",God <ied ma to her when he left us two all alone in the world, and I can't un do a duty of God's making." There was silence for a time, daring whioh Mrs. Perkins gazed fixedly at the girl, oooa sionally giving some tempting dish aa abrupt push in her direction, and ones going to the pantry to out off a elico of particularly sno j cessfal ekotian cako, which ehe silently put on Hilary's plate, as it wishing to offer EUoh alleviations of destiny as were in her power. !? "Den'tyou feel bad, Hilary?" she bras quely asked, at last. " Very true, my dear," said Mrs. Perkins approvingly, considerably oheered by the an swer. " That's the only proper way to take afflictions. That's jost what I said myself when the black hen wouldn't Bet, and all the eggs won!: addled. And I dare say there'll be some other young man along all as good as Aaron, and a stay-at-home besides. There's Nathan Taylor, now. He's none so bad when you get used to his squint. Oh, you needn't think you've had your last chanoo yet, Hilary. There's many a hook slips a fish that lands its i second easy. Hilary shivered ever so slightly. " There'll never be any one else for mc, Mrs. Perkins. Don't let's talk about it. Are you going to look over those currants io-night ? Shall I help you ?" " Well, yes, if you like," answered the good woman briskly, "Four hands is always better than two at a job, and there's nothing like pioking over currants for diverting the mind. It's the moat distracting thing I know of. I sot myself right to it the night after my little Jim was buried,and it consoled mc wonderful. It was really providential that ho died in currant- time. I'll fetch 'em right in." They all left the tablo together; and the farmer took up his straw hat from the chair whoro ho had thrown it upon ontering, then turned back awkwardly to lay a heavy hand on Hilary's shoulder. " Hilary, my girl," ho said kindly, " you're made of protty deoent stuff. You'll do." By ten o'olook that night all apparent life had ceased in the little farm-house. Gave in Hilary's room every light was out, and all but ehe were sunk in the dreamless Bleep of the bard-working. But Hilary still sat by hor aunt's bod, lost in thought and taking no note of time. At last she rose, with the look of one who has come to some solemn decision, and, going to a tall chest of drawers that stood square and ungainly in a oorner of the room under the eloping roof, ishe took out a white muslin dress that had lain there undisturbed Binco her first and only ball, and which was still very fresh and unrumpled. She shook it oarofully out of its creases and laid it by while ehe sought for various other dainty artiolee of apparel,—her ono pair of silk etookings and kid slippers, a white ribbon sash, a bit of rare old lace, —and then, taking off her plain stuS dress, she proceeded to mako a fresh toilette from head to foot, even rebraiding her heavy masses of hair and arranging them in a way that suited her better. She stood at last fully dressed in tho soft white muslin,—very fair, very bride-like. But something was still wanting. Brides wear veils. "Ah, ehe must borrow hers. Tkat little Shetland shawl, soft as spun silk and cobwebby aa lace, which had been her aunt's prido in bygone days,—what could better fit her need ? With trembling hands she un folded it from its many wrappers and threw it over her head, fastening it deftly hero and there to her shining braids. It fell fleeoy and light over her shoulders and floated far down over her dress. It was tho finishing touch. Surely all was conipleto now. But no; did over bride go to tho altar .without a flower upon her ? Hilary hesitated an inetant, then gathering her whito skirts closely around her/ with her long veil flung over one bare white arm, down eho went, noiselessly as tho ghost she seemed, to the tiny hall below. She list ened anxiouely. Had the creaking wooden stairs betrayed her ? There was not & sound I indoors save the old olook ticking weariedly I in the corner, whero it stood liko a sentinel at his post waiting to ba relieved. Another etep and she reached the front door, slid back the bolt, lifted the latch, and passed out into the dark and dewy garden. Hor heart beat high as she stole softly down between the shrubberies. There was bat moonlight enough to make the darkness visible, and to show herself a misty whito spot npon it, strange in ihe midst of strangeness, as if a cloud had fallen to earth and gathered a semblance of human shape in falling; the rustling of the leaves was as bo many faint spirit -voiobs asking in frightened whispers who and what she was that had thus come among them; the tan felt cold and nn aocustomed beneath her feet; the air was damp and heavy with too. sweat odors; bate flew low across her pathway with ugly, flap ping wings, and her ears tinged with a thou sand little sotihde that she seemed never to have heard before. It was a gruesome hour for a girl to be out alone, but she kept steadily on er way, down between the straight, stiff flower-beSs. The lilaos wore long since done blooming, and tho lilies and the syringaa too. She thought of these last with a sigh; they would have been quite like orange-blossoms. There were plenty of whito balsams and white phios and candytuft too, on either side;. but she passed them swiftly by, never pausing till she came to the very end of the garden, where a white rose-bueh, laden with half-open buds, seemed to have bloomed purposely for this hour. Hilary broke off the flowers with hasty hands,—a few for her breast and a few for her hair were all she needed, —and then, with an exultant thrill at her heart, eho turned and retraced her steps through the fitful moonlight and the mysterious shadows, that seemed to turn'when ehe did, and to ohaSo her with gliding, dusky footsteps, as though loath to let bo fair a vision go. ; But thehonse was reaohed in safety, the doors reoloeed upon that strangely unfamiliar world of night outside, and Hilary stood ence mors in h6r room before the glass, smiting a sad little smile of triumph at herself. Yes, it was-all ootnplete now. There laoked nothing save only some one to cay tbat she was fair. She glanced shyly at her own image, ashamed of her involuntary pleasures in its sweetness, and turning away went to the bed to bend down over the poor invalid, who waa no far ther from her now sleeping than waking, and softly kissed her forehead. "Aunt," ahe murmured beneath her breath, "I take you aa my witness." The clock in the hall below struok eleven; the lamp began to flioker and turn dim; Hil ary saw she must not delay. : From some hidden nook that held her ohoicest treasures she took out a doguorreo typa and plaoed it open upon the table. It was the likeness oi a good-humored, sturdy youDg fellow of about three and twenty, with a beardless face and honest bine'eyes, and big, awkward hands, brought into bold relief against the uncomfortably fitting Sunday coat. It was not altogether admirable as a work of art, but Hilary looked at it with loving eyes as she knelt by the table in her bridal dra peries, and opening her prayer-book laid her right hand upon tho pioture and repeated aloud in a grave, hushed voice, firm with re solve and sweet with unutterable love: "I, Hilary, lake thee, Aaron, to be my wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day ?forward, for better for woreo, for richer ior poorer, in sickness and in health, to love, cherish, and to obey, till death us do part, ac cording to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I give theo my troib. The strange rite waa not ended yet. Should she not too wear a marriage symbol upon her hand, like all women who have sworn this vow ? Still on her kneoa, Hilary reaohed but for a spool of yellow silk in her basket, and, knotting a slender thread firmly about her wtdding-fingor, slipped ov? it a little ting which she had heretofore always worn on tho other hand. Now she felt wedded indeed, and bending forward she pressed her lips against tho unresponsive piotured faoe, blushing all over hotly in sweet abame. And bo the weird midnight ceremony came to an end, and Hilary rose, folded up her wedding garments one by one and laid them tendarly away for ever with the white roses that bad scaroely yet loet their dew, returned the picture to its hiding- place, blew out the light, crept flilontly to her couch, and lay there motionless as the Bleeping figure in the bed beyond, but with wide, bright eyes that refused to close, though all was so dark and etill. From that night a new life began for Hil ary—a life unshared by any, unknown to any, and of which the only outward eign was that tiny eilken thread upon her linger, which ehe replaced as often as it loosened or shoved dim, and 'which, safely bidden as it was be neath the littlo trumpery garnet ring, pro voked no manner of comment. Or if occa sionally it caught a curious eye, her simple anewer—" It is only to remember something by"—was a quite suflioiont explanation. But everything was changed to her from that night. She wore only the ribbons that he best liked her in; every new gown was oho sen and fashioned wholly according to his taste. Every Christmas, every birthday, she worked him presents that none saw save tho poor to whom she gave them in hie stesd. "Aaron's handkerohiefa must be nearly worn out by now," she would Bay soberly to herself. " I must hem him some more." Or—" Aaron's shirts can surely hold no longer; I must mako hip another set. His wife muet not negleot him." And the needy creatures who received her gifts little knew what pure and perfect love had aided in their making. Once a year upon her wedding anniversary, as she called it in her thoughts, she always made a little feast to mark out the day from its uneventful fellows. Was it not natural enough eome timee to call a few friends together ? And no one thought of notioing that on those occa sions sho invariably wore a bunch of white rosea at her breast. And bo tho yeara went by. The poor old aunt quietly slipped away altogether out of the life upon which she had so slight a hold; the farmer and his wife became old and in firm, and upon Hilary, who had grown to be more daughter than guest in tho house, now devolved inuoh of the real management of the homestead. But who, seeing the quiet, middle-aged woman moving methodically and prosaically about her work, Blurring no homely part of it, neglecting no wearisome detail, would have guessed that she hid such a bright fresh romance in her heart, and was glad of it and comforted by it through all the lonely days, and through all the tedious oommonplacos of the monotonous routine? Aaron Johns had been heard of but once sinoe ho drove angrily away through the sun shine and tho dust, never turning to look back at the girl who could so lightly let him go; and that once when Farmer Perkins brought homo word from town that Aaron had ! gone on from Gmaha to Denver, and settled i ihure, and had married a wife and was doing well. Hilary listened with no deepening of oolour, no quickening of her even pulsee, but ! with a curious cense that Aaron bad com- J mitted a crime, and that sbo was responsible ; for his sin. But oven that feeling wore oB soon, and Aaron remained her dream husband still, her secret counsel in emergen cies, her daily direotor and helper and com forter, while she tried to think of him as keoping pace with time, and to itnngineThim every year with hair a little more gray, arid eyes a little less blue, and cheeks a little moro sunken and furrowed. " I uhould know him anywhere if I saw him," ehe often eaid to herself... Of course he would not reoognice mc now; but my lovo has kept etop with bJa changed, and he could not have grown, away from it,". And so the years slipped softly by, until one day Farmer Perkins returned from town bringing a wondorful bit.of news with him. - "Hilary," he eaid, na he eat down, reeting the palms of both hands on hie lames, and looking solemnly at her over hie spectacles, " Aaron Johns is baok. He's pioked up a tidy bit of money ;and buried his wife out there, and now he's como on a visit to see how the old place looks. I told him he'd find yon here the same as ever, only that the old aunt was dead. He wanted to know epeoial if she was alive still. 1 always said he was a smart fellow, woe Aaron. I knew he'd get 6n." ; ? : "Yon don't mean Aaron's back!" Mr?. Perkins exclaimed, all in a flutter of exoite-' mend at once. " Now I shouldn't wonder it he'd really come for Hilary at last, and here she's been c-waiting ready to his hand all these years I" She went about all day as if stunned, and when at last word was brought her that Aaron was there and asking for her, she went to meet him like one walking in a dream. "Hβ will never know mc," she repeated to her self, " I have changed, and bo of course haa he; yet I feel that I should knaw him any whore." ' And then she heard a voice sayiog heartily, " Why, shea positively not altered through all these twenty years 1 Hilary, I should have known you the world over 1" And raising her eyes bLi. raw a stranger standing looking at her, a large, stout man, with a bald head, and bushy, red-brown whiskers, and not a wrinkln anywhere on all his round, good-humored face! Was this Aaron? Was it possible that this was he? Not a look, not atone, not a gesture Boemed familiar; even his smile seemed strange. . ? It came upon her like a shock and took away her breath. She could only give him her hand in silence, "Yea, the very, very samel" he cried de lightedly. " Nothing is changed. No one ia changed. The same place, the same house, the same people. It is as if.the whole town had been sleeping an enchanted sleep. There are no improvements, no innovations, no alterations anywhere—not so much as a eign boaid torn doim. Everybody seems just to have beooms his own grandfather. I could swear I saw some of the very hats in the street to-day thai I saw twenty years ago. It's delightful. You can't think how it rests a man, after he has lived so long in the midst of perpetual newness and stir acd change, to step back to some spot where time is at a standstill, and where there is really nothing new under the sun. Should you have known mc, Hilary? Forgive mc; I could not oall you by anything but the old name." 1 " She hasn't any other hereabouts," Baid the farmer, patting her shoulder affection ately. " Oar Hilary is Hilary to all the I townsfolk ?Bfcill, just as she was in her young days." ??? ? '. ? ? ...????...? :?;:? '. ??? " She has never outgrown her young days," said Aaron, looking with pleased eye at the Blim figure and gentle, lovable faoe. "Time has Btood more still with her than with any thingelee. But I'm afraid you have forgotten mc, Hilary. 1 ' She flushed deeply all over her delicate pale face, and her eyes dropped, "No," she answered, "I have not, But-— but you do not seem the sasae." And try as she would, through all the days that followed, uho could not think him back into his own place. He was a new Aaron al ! together, not the old Aaron whom she had bo loved, and to whom she had been ,'so faithful through the years. She could not get nsedto him. His presence was a continuous shook to her, as if his real and his imaginary eolf were always at war with each other. This Aaron was too stout, too noisy, too careless, and in too exuberant good spirits. Hie clothes fitted him too well, and she missed the blue neaktie, and the limp collar, and the big flapping silver chain. And he carried' silk handkerchiefs now, and wore shirts beyond anything her simple skill aould fashion. He was very nice, very pleasant; she found no fault with him as he was: it was only that be wae not tba Aaron of her dreams, . And-when one evening, as he was bidding her good-bye, he came nearer and eaid, gently, " Hilary, will you go "West with mc this time when I go baok?" ehe trembled violently, and caught away her hand, looking up at him with eyes fall of perplexity. " On, Aaron, give mo time, give mc time," ehe faltered. "I do not know, —I oannot Bay ( —let mc think," Sho sat up late in her own room that night, aa ehe had eat there onco bo many years be fore, thinking it all over with a disquiet heart. Thore was no helpless form stretched on the bod beside her now. There was absolutely no one to keep her baok—nothing to keep her from him. Sho had been true to him all these years; ehe had shut out all other love from her heart because of that lost love of his; and now he had brought it back to her to be hors, and hers always, if she would. How could she do else than reaoh out to him the hand that she had given him so many years ago ? She looked down at it, fingering the little gold thread nervously. Must she part with that ? Could any shining wadding* ring ever be dearer to her than that had boen? It would be like unsaying an old vow, like casting off an old allegiance, to take this thread away. She went to her desk and took the little daguerreotype from its hiding-plaoe. A faint odor of rose-loaves olung to it, like a tangible emanation from all the gentle and sweet assooiations with which it bad enriohod her life. A tranquilizing sense of peace stole over her as she looked down at the dear familiar face that had smiled ohangelessly baok at her for so long. Oh, this was the real Aaron,— this was the Aaron to whom she had given her heart—this was the Aaron who had been with her till he had grown into ejMry fibre of her being. How oould sho be faitcSe?a to him now, giving herself away to that other and different Aaron who had so boldly come in to claim her ? "Oh, no, no 1" she cried aloud, clasping the picture to her heart with a sudden paroxysm of foolish tears; " I oannot—l cannot I Aaron, my dear picture-love, you have been my all when I had no one else, and I will not give you up. This new Aaron ia not the same, and if I took him in your plaoo ( it would be like divoroing myself from you to marry him; and I should miss you, oh, I should mias you till I died 1 " And so, merely for sake of a dream whioU she oould not banish, Hilary sent her lover away once more, and stood at tho end of her story as at tho beginning, watching him as he drove disconsolately down tho road, knowing that she should never see him again. But ho turned this time to wave his hand to her ia friendly farewell, feoliag vaguely, perhaps, that she was right after all, and that the Hilary be loved would cease to be tho same transplanted to foreign soil. And when ha had disappeared and the dust had settled quietly down behind him, Hilary turned with a smile on her lips to re-enter the house, Farmer Perkins stood upon the threshold, watching hor somewhat anxiously. She went up to him- and laid her hand upon his shoulder. " Aaron is going baok to Denver to-morrow," she paid, still smiling. "And —I shall stay behind again." "Hilary, my girl," said the old man earnestly " I've always said it, your made ot pretty decent staff, and"—he took off his spectacles and wiped them carefully—" and I think you'll do, Hilary—you'll do. i 