i movellst : h LYONS' DOOM. . ? ... ? ^. ? ???? By WAIF WANDER. j ? « ? ] CHAPTER IX.— (CONTIHDBD.) 'i. I ice about two o'oloek, as far as I can ,'i, and sinoe then poor little Daniel has . ,' ' j all their old haunts in searoh of her. '«\ iy dear madam, she must bo found. I i ' bid j ou that scores of men are in searoh 'j {' ! ''j , was gazing at him as if her life hung Si ~' words She was weinhinc every one of u- \ - a though to catch some hope she oould }'ii^ 1, and then she burst into a torrent of L' f-'«g and reproof, and prayers that sadly f' i shed a blasphemy that would have V - \ i horsolf in calmer moments, i ' ' n are playing with me, only, Mr. Pol f'^i how could you, such an old friend, a p-Ai ^ho was valued and rospeoted by my t?'v t usband, how could you come to toll me \n i1 -est that my child, my all is lost ? How rot :?- -, no bo lost ? Guardian is with her. Do }i'T low what lost means in Australia? It f ?-. „'? lying dead in tho bush, with the eaglo j ' i 'picking out her eyes. How dare you \ i Joh a thing to mo? As if a God eould I o bo so cruel as to treat my darling j h. as she stopped, suddenly she dropped j l {ground as one stricken dead, but as iastoned to raise her it was soon evi i ' from the strong oonvulsions of her f that tho poor woman was in a serious ( t in for Dr. Syme, Daniel,' cried Mr. i ' ..iJ, 'let us carry her in to her own (.- ' ijlen, now that tho violence of the fit is f ^ted.' J' i CHAPTER X. i . ' tady'b secret. w\\- «v nm again to the Nugget claim, where, S !t cj evening shades deepened, our friend r i' * vbh proparing to leave tho gully for the ! ' ' | He had shared the supper of the two i i, jen, who were in future to sleep on the -' i and the_ great fire they had built up t an oid fallen tree waB throwing jgleamB of red light against the sideB of ily opposite to it, and up on tho orooked / m branches -straggling above it. The \ - -s were deepening, too, as the last ;of light faded from the west, and strik \- ' jntrasts wero growing out in queer jhapes behind the glowing fire that 1 Tady it was time to be off. 1 ,} y a prayer before ye turn in boys,' he J, for be tho powers it's a lonely 0 you afraid of ghosts, Tady ? ' asked ' itho Dorans, laughingly, take another {the grog before you go, and the ghosts .trouble you on the way back. For my 1 ;'ve got a six-ohambored revolver in my nd I have more faith in the effoots of ' ' than I have in a waggon-load of r. s.' }, I've had enough of the drink, Tady ?d, as he pulled up his trowsersprepara ' p what ho himself would have called ' IK tho road,' ' an' if you had twenty irs a prayer would be hotter than 'em 1 f yegards that spot.' pointed to tho murder olaim as he said i night and turned his baok upon it ' j and yet with a due recollection of the 1 way ho had to go before he reached 1 rfnship. Par had it been from Tady's !ou to let the darkneas find him away Jarranga, but it had been a day of great hont, and poor Tady had found tho ' j Dorans' grog so recuperating that it em to him, in a certain sense, the ,ot oblivion. He would not for fifty , 3 have faced the hour in that spot had 3beon for tho courage inspired by the l' hn had imbibed, and even now its fli waa dying out, as ho tramped Joudly p himself oompany in tho deepening t of Murder Gully. , had not been for tho ono faot that ho N\ Uporstitious, Tady would have been a *' —ft perfectly happy man that night, iohopo, tho hope, nay almost oortainty, \ had led him baok from the Old Land 11 those watery miles, was accomplished claim was a golden ono; and now that ^ feeling, or rather the rovivifioation of ? ono an ' lovo ' was an almost normal ion with Tady, had arisen in his heart pld had mado his darling Nora moro i hope with him. V why shouldn't I ? ' he soliliquisod as ,'nn to think of tho girl, and half forgot froundings, 'I'm a rich man, and tho is beforey,mo ; why should they deny lr'i ? A' j^?Ace eho's bether nor mo all I don't fe 'ywj* sure bIio'b a prieat's f, but IvV^obor van' honest, and havo »n thing,' and ho slapped his pookot oantly. Jw quiok Btope onward, and ho atoppod oly. 'dad, I don't seo why I shouldn't go nis mmnit and see tho^orathur; sure tan't Lnow of mo luck yot, for it iun't tollin' hor I'd bo itsolt aforo Mr. '--? Taix I'll go— it isn't muoh out of y at all.' { dcouled ho turned to the loft out o£ lly WBtbod of UfiBplue to thb right down by tho oreek. St. Herrioks, as it was always called, was but a short half mile from ' tho ond of the gully, but to roaoh the cottage Tady had to oross the trnolc that led up to tho oemetery. As he was orossing it a long howl, or rather whice oamo down tho,thill to his ears, and he started to almost run, with oil his old feeling of superstitious fear re vived. ' Bad cosg to it for a place,' ho muttered, ' 'twas over an' always a lonesome road up there of a night ; but since that black day in the Gully 'tis worse. Lord, betuno us an' all harm, I wonder if it is a dog at all.' At tho same spot near tho fenco of St. Herriok's, where ha had first spoken to Nora Brady, Tady paused to examine the sur roundings, and speculate on his ohanco of seeing the girl on this occasion. In the shadow of tho shrubberies it was now so noarly dark that the light in the only room that would appear inhabited showed like a glare among the thick, dark ivy that coated the wall ; this window was near an anglo of the main building, where a side wing abutted, and Tady know it was the window of Father James' room. ' It looks as if they are all in bed,' thought the Irishman, as ho bent over the fence and looked all round tho house, 'though it's early yet. That's the priest's windy, an' by all ac oounts ho keeps a light burnin' on till mornin' j I'd be afeard to whistle, ho might hear me, and Nora'd get into trouble over me. I wonther whatl'll do ?' As he was wondering, a shout so hoarse, so strident, so suggestive of some awful and un known horror rang around his oars that 'he raised his hands to thorn as if to shut it out ; his owes, however, turned toward the lighted window, from which the noiso seemed to pro ceed. Staring at it he saw for a momont oast on tho curtain, the shadow of a man who Beomed to be twisting and writhing about out of all human form, and the heart of the terri fied man seomed to atop for a moment in absolute fear. 'In the name of heaven,' he muttered, dropping ono hand to cross himself, ' is it muraer tnac is goin on an 1 atandin horo doin' nothin'? If I thought 'twas that I've a strong pair av hands, but what would I do at all if it's in one of his tantrums he is, and he to see me?' A moment's silence, as the shadow sud denly disappeared from tho blind, gave Tady oourage to bound over the fence and begin to creep nearer to the window. Ho would try and satisfy himself by listening nearer, or per chance by seeing, if he had an opportunity, and then if he could help ho would make his presence known, and assist the priest if neoes aary. That was tho dooision that mada Tady oreop along by tho fence until he had reaohed tho part of it that was only separated from the wing of tho cottage by tho width -of a pathway, and then he darted aorosa and Btopped again to listen in the shelter of the ivy- clad house itself. He was now so oloso to the window itself that by spreading himself along the wall ho oould have touched it ; but ho was afraid to rustle the ivy in tho silence which seemed to him almost unnatural. He oould hear the beating of hia own heart, until suddenly again a voice spoke loud, fierce words, and he recognised it as the voice of Father James. ' I have you on the hip now, mine enemy,' wero the opening worda of triumph ap parently, and then there was a shriek of suoh diabolioal laughter that Tady trembled. ' There ia a talisman that will frighten you out of my path for ever 1 Ha 1 I have told many a lie since I saw your living face ; if you haven't better company than mo by this timo, and somctmng else to do besides haunting ?ni/ life, ourso you 1 ' A pause then, and a gibbering such as one may hear in the coll of a maniac, and then a fresh shout and a scuffle as if of half-a-dozen men. Tady was solely afraid, but he was also veryourious to see what was going en in tho priest's room Besides he had had various hints that her brother was queer, from Nora — a queorness that the girl attributed entirely to his temper, but which Tady began to suspeot might pro ceed from insanity ; at all events, he ventured to crawl, little by little, nearer tho window, and to at last get his face pushed through tho ivy screen quite close to it. The window was a low oottago ono, and an accident favored Tady's oapial — one of tho tacks which had supported the oorner of tho white blind had given way, and tho corner had dropped, leaving tho space of a hand breadth of the glas3 unoovored. This spaco was above Tady's eyes, but he soon raised them to its level by placing hiB foot in a nook of the strong ivy-stems, and holding a firm grip of another nook above him. What was it, then, that tho poor follow saw that had Buoh a terrible effeot on many awful weeks of his innooent life ? What dis oovery did he make that drove rest from his pillow, flesh from his bones, and peace from his mind for a time that he remembered with dread and horror during all his after life ? He Baw in the middle of the room ho was peeping into, a man whom ho could not im mediately recognise as Father James Brady. This man was undressed to his shirt and trousors, and had tho sleeves of the former rolled up, showing his thin bare arms. The head of this_ man was tonsured — Tady saw that — but his face was not the face of the priest. It couldn't bo ; that face, distorted with a terrible, fierce passion, with oyes aglare with fear and horror, with tho moisture of ghastly suffering, falling in great drops from his haggard cheeks, had no resemblanoo to that of the white-faced priest, even as he had been during his attack in the gully a few hours previously i And yot it was a faoe that seemed somehow terribly familiar to Tady, yet he oould not tell how or why. Staring at it in puzzled bewil derment that seemed still to faBoinate him, he watched the man's strange movements, and liataned to his awful words, shouted aloud as if there were no human oars to listen within WiUU 1U11GD. Who was ho talking to ? There was no living boing within the room, yet he sent his wild jibes at somo objeot he glared at, and he waved something ho called his ' talisman ' in tho imaginary face of a foe. Within a oirolo of many feet there was not around him a tan giblo objoot, yot at short intervals he seemed to grasp something in his long thin arms, and struggle with it, throwing and writhing hia limbs as it appeared around other limbs, panting meanwhile with fierce, hot pants, un til ho staggorod against tho wall exhausted and faint, to bo revived when ho regained strongth to reaoh a bottle and glass, and pour a fiery draught down his hot throat. It was a fearful sight, yot ono that poor Tady's eyeB olung to in an awful curiosity. What likonoss was it that haunted him aB ho watohod the man's face ? Whoso voioo did tho awful ahouts and anathemas of this man remind him of ? What, again and again ho asked himself, what tons the objoot with whioh ho seemed to throaton his unseen advoraary aB ho waved it wildly in tho air. ' Foiled again 1 ?' ho would Bhout, ' tho touoh of that is bettor than any oxoroiBtnl I'vo triod that you know. Boll, book and oandlo, ha I ha ! ha 1 as if they would avail anything in my hands ; but I havo boaton you you know, you cannot cross that — boaton you with your own weapons too. Ha 1 ha 1 ha I Again a nobson of panting rcat, with tho light of tho lamp full in his faoo, and tho fingors around whioh hia ' talisman ' was turned waa pressed hard against hia loft uido only to suddenly attack his enemy again until again axhaustcd. 'Your outdo, ia it? Tho ourso of St. geiriok ilndos bin own tool I Ha I bti 1 ha Muoh I oaro for it. Soe it every day until I dio, eh? Well, who cares? I;|am not afraid of it now.' It was when ho staggered onoa moro againBt the wall gasping and completely worn out that Tady saw at last tho nature of his talis man — it was a long treBS of pale, fair hair, and there woro dinging, dark spots upon it ; but it was not that which made Tady's fingers nnlooap their olasp upon tho ivy, and his norveless limbs bend beneath him ; ho had reoognisod the likeness in that torrible faoe, and shrank from it in an overwhelming horror. 'M^ God, have moroy upon mo 1 ' he oriod, in his extremity as ho climbed over the fence and hastened from the awful spot. ' What'Jl I do ? what'll I do at all, at all ? What Bin ia on ma sowl that this secret U to Ho upon mo like a lump ov lead that'll drag mo down into the grave, bo it will ?' Forgotten was all poor Tady's fanoied love for Nora at that supremo moment, forgotten all his superstitious fears of the lono darkness around him. When ho had got so far away from St. Herriok's that ha need not dread pursuit, should the man he had been watoh ing have overheard his Budden fall and de parture, he dropped down on the grass and buried hia honeat faco in his trembling, labor-rough hands. Oh, no, there was no thought of Nora just then. Tho lonely sound of the Boughing breezo among the rustling leaves was un heardby him, and he did not see the moon ray that crept up hia knees as the moon in her first quarter neared the tops of the trees in tho west. A bright streak it waa, filtered through the waving leaves, and restlees liko them. Sometimes it glanced under the brim of his hat, and sometimes glinted past his bowed shoulders, but Tady saw it not — he saw nothing, and thought of nothing but the dread secret that he ought to tell, and that ho must keep for tho Bake of many hundreds of souls other than his own. Ho murmured his thoughts occasionally and unwittingly, and groaned in an agony that he had never felt in physioal pain. 'There ia no ono but Mr. Leonard,' he muttered, ' and I daren't tell him, for I know what ho would say — but how can I toll it, ond he a priest ? No matter what's past and gone, ho has worn the holy vestments, and for the honor of my ohuroh I mustn't spake 1 Oh God Almighty, help a poor sinner, for I don't know what to do 1 ' Tady got up after this ory for help, and marohed on hia way to the township. He had to cross the little bridge over tho oreok near Mrs. St. Herriok's cottage, and he saw lights flitting about from window to window, but ho took no notice, for as yet ho did not know anything of Resignation being lost, or her mother's serious illness. The gardon, with its pale flowers, lay in tho moon and shadow silently as ho passed — almost as silently as their off-Bhoots lay on that grave up in the lone oemetory, but how could poor Tady know that never again would the sweat ohild bepd over them, or pluok a Mobsotj from their stems ? The bedroom Tady ocoupied at the quiet hotel they still remained at was at tho baok, with a door opening from it direot into the yard, and he would have stolen round to it quietly only that tho landlord was watohing for him, and saw him as he passed the bar door. ' Stop, Connor 1' he oried, ' I have a mes sage for you.' ' A message from who ?' tho poor fellow asked, as he turned back un willingly. ' From Mr. Prosser ; he has been here look ing for you, and wants you to go down to the olaim as soon as you oome baok.' ' I can't,' said Tady, heavily ; ' I'm dead beat, and fit for nothing but bed. What can he want me thore for at this timo o' night.' 'Don't you know? Haven't you heard? Good lord, the whole plaoa is ringing with itl' ' I heard nothing ; what is it ?' ' Why, Mrs. St. Herriok's little girl ia lost, and everyone that oould has turned out after her. It's the quoerest thing, too, for the little girl knew every inoh of tho country, and that great dog of their'B was with hor. We aro beginning to be afraid that she's met with foul play, and the poor mother has taken it to heart so that she's got a stroke or some thing.' ' Met with foul play 1' They woro the last words of tho man's explanation that fell upon Tady's ears, and they filled them to the ex olusion of all else for a time. Resignation St. Herriok had met with foul play, and was lost 1 Resignation St. Horriok had long, pale, fair hair ; what about that 'talisman' Father James raved about, and twisted in hia fingera ?' Tady uttered an exclamation of horror, and leaned heavily against the bar near him. He could not speak, but he motioned to the landlord to bo supplied from a decanter at hand. 'My word but you do look ill, Tady I Whatever'a up with you ? Drink that off and seo if it will bring tho life into you.' Tady obeyed, but the draught brought no colour to hia white oheeks ; and, refusing a repetition of the dose, he went out to his room, ond threw himself upon his bed. Of the battle he fought there, he never spoke but once, and that was long after to his young foster-brother ; but he fought it alone and in silenoo, save to Him who hears tho very thoughts of the humblest of His creatures. Leonard tried tho door of Tady'B room, and found it fastened. Tady heard him, but dreading to meet the young man's keen eyes, he took no notice of the attempt to gain ad mittance. Leonard was not, however, to bo put off that way, for the landlord's acoount of his humblo friend's looks had alarmed him, and bo spoke sharper than was hiB wont in his determination to see for himself what was the matter. ' I know you're inside Tady,' was what he said, 'and you may as well let me in at onco, for in I'll get.' The distraoted man opened the door in stantly, and felt grateful for the darkness that hid his faco from [This kind young master's gaze. 'You aro siok and in the dark Tady; what is the matter ? ' Leonard asked, as ho struck a matah and lit tho chamber candle ho knew waa upon tho little table. There was no answer, and when tho wiok had ignited, gathered nutrimont and throw out a sufficient light to seo by, young ProsBor turnod round and looked at Tady. Tho Irishman waB sitting on tho odgo of hia bed supporting himself, as it were, on bin hands, whioh, at either aide of him, wero spread upon tho countorpano. He was staring at the floor before him with Ins head bowed and an indeBoribable air of misery and hopeloHBnoss provading overy lino of his figure. To toll tho truth, Loonard bad found himself slightly influenced by Oharlio Ellis's persistent assertion that Tady waa under tho influonoo of drink, but ono look at tho well known faoo assured him that it waa not bo. ' What'a tho matter with you Tady ? ' No roply again. 'Are you aiok? Spoak my friend, for I must know.' Tho Irishman broke down altogether at tho gontloVmy friend,' and it was withjjin almost savage enorgy that ho oried out— 'For tho lovo of God don't aak mo Mr. Leonard I don't, don't, for I oan't toll you 1 ' ' I must ask you Tady, for if you aro Bick I muBt go and bririg tho dootor to you.' ?' Oh I'm not sick Mr. Leonard 1 I wants no dootor at all, at all! but for tho lovo o' God I aay as mo no questions 1 ' ' A quodr thing to Bfly to md'at fcbio tinib;6f day Connor. I should have thought twice before saying suoli a thing to you. Are we going to begin to havo seoreta from oaoh other so late in life old follow ? ' ' I can't holp it sirl I oan't indeed 1 Oh Mr. Leonard, thcro are things that no ono man can tell another after all I ' ' They must be very serious thinga Tady ; no suoh can exiat between you and me.' ' I ax it of you for tho Bake of my mother, tho woman that suokled you, sir, not to ques tion mo. There's something on my mind that will kill mo soon, I pray, but that I must carry to my grave a seoret. Look, air, I'd lay down my life for you, you know that well, but I cannot tell you this, and don't torture mo by axing.' ' I do not understand it, Tady, but I will only ask you one thing — surely you aro more of & man to feel this way over a girl like Nora Brady ; if it is a quarrel with her that has put you into this state of misery I cannot pity you.' ' Oh, Mr. Leonard, don't name her to me 1 it's not that I oh, Lord, if it was only that I'd dio happy 1 ' ' And you oan't explain ? ' ' I can't, indeed, sir.' ' Well, Tady, tho day will oome when you may toll me, I hope, and when I may at least try to comfort you, so I will say no more now. Isn't this an awful thing about that poor ohild?' ' I only hoard a few words from the land lord as I kern in, Mr. Leonard — have yo no thraee ov her?' ' None of her, exaotly. Ellis and I found tho dog in tho bush behind the cemetery road. It seems ho had been howling off and on all tho evening, but was silent ahortly after sun down. It is a very mysterious oase, Tady. Tho dog Guardian has boen stabbed, and has been losing blood little by little until he could hold up no longer. He was nearly unoonsoious when we carried him home, and he has, it scorn a had a severe blow on the head also that Dr. Grey thinka muat havo rendered him un oonsoiouB.' Tady's only responao to this information was a heart-rending groan. ' We aro to oommonoe a regularly orga nised search as soon as it is daylight,' the young gentleman went on, ' for the partial moonlight only made tho shadows deeper and more puzzling, but I am sadly afraid, Tady, that the pretty child, who was the first to greot us on Marranga, has met with foul play.' Met with foul play I there wore the same words again to ring like a shout in poor Tady's ears. Mot with foul play 1 and who had done the foul deed ? What was he to do ? How to bear thia awful burden of another man'a seorot ? He could not do it alono and live ; ho must tell it to some one or die. ' I think there will bo some ahango in the working of No. 1,' Baid Leonard, when he was leaving the room. ' I mot Conn. Brady going to the coach to-day, and he told mo the work was not agreeing with him. I suppose he has gone to town for advice ; it ia atrange how little faith tho people here have in Dr. Syme, for ho seems to me a clever and intelli gent man. Good- night, Tady — if there is not an improvement in you by tho morning, I shall bring him to sse you no matter what you say about it.'' ' Stop a minnit, Mr. Leonard. If you don't see mo hero in the mornin' don't bo frightened, for I'll start at break of day for Yawbenaok, it's only a walk of ten miles, and I'll get a lift baok in the ooaoh, bo I oan ho hero by din ner time.' ' Yawbenaok ? What do you want there ? ' There's a priest there, sir, a regular oler gyman,' Tady replied in a low voioe. ' That's right, Tady ; I quite believe in that step ; good night again,' and so poor Tady was left to battle alone with hia awful seorotjtiil tho day broke in the oast. CHAPTER XI. BAN I A teiuuble night had been spent at the cot tage by poor Ellen Griffiths, the boy Daniel's mothor. Under the sedatives prescribed by Dr. Grey Mrs. St. Eerrick had slept a greater part of the night, but it was a Bleep broken by cries of terror and utterances of such strange words, that Ellon listened to them with an awful wonder that deepened into fear as tho night wore on. She was not alono in hor watoh, for kindly Fanny Clarke had oome over as soon as the sad condition of Mrs. St. Her rioks had been made known at the farm. ; but as the patient still slept, (though uneasily, Ellen had persuaded tho young girl to go to rest until toward morning. ' I oan call you if you oan help me, Miss Clarke,' she said, ' and when you oome fresh to rolieve me I shall be glad of a rest you may be euro.' And I am to leave you all alone ? ' Fanny asked doubtfully. ' No, not alone, my boy Daniol is to stay with me. I shall make him a bed up on the sofa in the next room, where I oan Bee him and wake him if it should bo necessary.' ' And you will oall me in a couple of hours, Ellen ? ' ' I will call you as soon as over I feel in need of rest — I promise you that.' And so Mrs. St. Herriok slept on and mut tered or murmured in her sleep, with ever and anon a wild ory of terror, at whioh Ellen's hand v/ould be laid on her hot forehead, and Ellen's low voice whisper soothing words in her half unconBoious ear ; and Daniol sat orouohing over the fire that had been lit in the next room, tho pioturo of hopeless despair pitiful to soe at his boy's years. 11 Daniol, my dear, you bad bettor go to bed,' his mother whispered as she came from tho invalid's chamber and stood beside hor son ; ' I havo mado you a comfortable bed thoro on tho sofa^and I shall^be quite near you all night.' ' Oh, mother, how can I rest or sleep when we do not know where poor Resignation ib 1 She may be bleeding slowly to death some where, as Guardian was ; how could I Bleep 1' ' My doar, she is in God's hands,' Ellon whispered softly, ' and wo oan do no more now until daylight. Wouldn't it bo better, then, for you to try and sleep so as to bo strong to-morrow and better able to help than if you weep your eyes out all night ?' The poor lad nestled against his mother's sido, and her arm drew him olosely to her. ' If I kncio Bho was dead, mother, it would not be so bad, but to think she may bo suffer ing and tortured— oh, it is hard 1 You oan't know bow fond wo ohildren wero of oaoh other, mothor. It seems a part of myself that is gone. Wo havo spent so many sum mer days together in tho buoh and up at tho grave that I do not think there was ono thought wo did not toll, and now ? ' ' And now, my dear, Rooignatjon may bo looking into her own father's faoo in Heaven.' ' Do you think bo really, mothor ?' ' I do, doar. From tho faot of Guardian's being wounded I fear wo have lost hor, but it will bo hor gain.' ' Who could kill Resignation 1 ' tho boy oriod fioroely, as ho drew himself from Ellen's ombraco and looked into her oyos for an anBwor. 'Evoryono loved her, she waa bo gentle and good and pationt always, who could injure hor ? Mothor, there ia only ono villain in tho world that oould hurt her, and that was tho man— tho monstcjr that buried hor fathor alivo 1' ' Hush, Daniol, oh hush 1' (To be continued.) Shoe Cakk.— Ono oup of sugar, tabloopoon ful of butter, ono. ogg, ouo oup of sour milk, ono toaspoonf ul of uodn, spico to taste, flour onough to maUe a thiok batter. , - 