CLOUD AND SUNSHINE. cHAPTER NI. SuDDNxLY he roused himself from his cheer ful abstraction, and looked about the room. " The family circle is incomplete, though," he said, with a touch of sadness in his tone. ".Where is Casilda ? " "TResting," Mrs. Montoeith answered briefly. ; Not worse, I hope, mother ? " "No' only listless, and so easily tired; but you will, I hope, see her presently." Frank nodded, and glanced across at his wife, whose bright head glittered with a thousand lights as she bent it over her tea cups. " Then you two girls have not made friends yet Bessie ?" Bessie turned the question over to Mrs. Monteith, with an appealing look of her blue eyes, and that lady answered equably. " It is not possible under the circum stances; "Casilda is hardly herself at present." " Ahl, yes, I see," Frank muttered, twist ing his moustache and fooling vaguely un comfortable, though there was nothing un friendly in his mother's tone, and ho had the evidence of his own eyes to convince him that she at least had made a steady effort to make herself at home. " So you and Bessie have spent the day together ? Did you find her an exhausting little person ?" lio looked from one to another with a smile, hoping that his harmless jest would draw them nearer together; but Beassio's head only dropped a little lower, and Mrs. Miontoith answered in a mattor-of- course tone that left things exactly where they were. " We found plenty to talk about, of course -whioh was fortunate, as there was no possibility of getting out. Ah, here is 'Casilda." For once Miss Montoith's appearance was a welcome relief to everyone. She looked a shade better in her pretty dress of warm coloured velvet, and there was something like animation in her manner now. "No, no tea, thank you," she said, as she slipped into the chair by the fire. " Yes, my head is bettor now. How cosy youlook here 1" . Completely comfortablo now," Frank said, eyeing his sister with a look of uneasy tenderness he always gave her. " We missed you, Cassie." She smiled a curious, reflective smile, •that lent no softness to tile lovely haggard face, but she did not answer, and there fell on the group a silence that Frank was the first to break. " By the way, Beossie," he called out suddenly, as his wife was leaving the room, " who was your yesterday's visitor ?" Nothing could have been more absolutely careless than his tone, but it sounded in Bessie Monteith's cars likeo the very knoll of doom. Her fingers tightened nervously on the handle of the door-how thankful she was for that support --ald she looked round with ia face of such helpless, hopeless terror, that Frank, who couldl see in his very simple question no causeo for any sort of alarm, very nearly laughed aloud. " What --- what visitor ? " lie said, mimicking the broken sounds that came from the girl's pale and trembling lips; " why, the mysterious stranger who fol lowed you to the house yesterday morning, and stayed talking to you for an hour or more." "I-do not unnderstad," Bessie said, stiffly and slowly, her eyes wide and lustro leos as those of a somnambulist, her features set in the rigidity of ua great tor ror, her thoughts and speech alike paralysed . with fright. i' rs. Miontoith surveyed the scene in grim silence, Casilda sat forward in her chair, her thin hiands tightly locked, an eager lire in her sombre eyes; and between the three women thrilling with vehement lpassions, stood the man, sublimely ln conscious that the situation had any but a comic side. " VWell, you are ia frightened, small mortal," lie said, laughingly. " I do not set a watch on you, Bessie, only I met Mrs. Meorvyn at the station this morning, and she happened to mention that she would have called on you as she passed but you wore engaged with a visitor. The length of his stay was a more guess on my part-I sup pose he called with tracts, or samples, or someothing ? " " Yes," Bessie answorod with an effort, "ho--ho wanted charity, Frank." " And you suffered yourself to be swindled as a matter of course, Well, never mind, little woman, I shall not scold you for being Stoo tender-hearted, espeoially at this time of the year." So the storm that lhad boon so darlly i threatening but a few moiouts baokt , passed over, and thanuks to her husband's loyal, .:unsuspicious nature, Bossie knIow that for the time ait least sheo was safe. lHow the knowledgo thlrilled her with passionate gratitude and vainl remorse. If they two had boon alone at thlat moment it is more than possibllo, that carried away Iby that waveo of oexcited feeling, ?sho might hIavo fliig hier arms aibout hier husband's nooieck, and sobbed out thie confes sion that would lhavo boon her tsafoety. Buut as it was, aslo was only conscious of the cold . displeasuro and searching scrutiny of Mrs. sIontoith's glance, and of that strango, . burning lustre that was so surely a light of triumph in Casilda's great lanmp-like eyes. "Thank heaven that is over," she cried, when she had gained tile safe refuge of hier own room, and stood loesing with her .burning forehead pressed to the cold glass, looking with aching eyes upon the cold whiteness without. " Thanik hIeaven that Franlk is not as they, hard and suspicious. Oh, my draling-" . She paused there with a low sobbing c:: ry, wrung forth by the anguish of her S'thotIghts. iShe was sifo indeed, but only f:::'or a time, and try as she would elso could ; not forget the future. And mneantimie, Casilda, divided from ' her by but a small paceo in that small hIouse, .was brooding darkly on all lshe had soon and board. Slowly and deliberately piecing together a chain of orevidenouc that lshould convict her young sistor-in-law of ein and lshame, and Sstrantgle her brotlheor's halpiness outright. " It will be even-handed justico," she ':;ismurnured, showing all her glittering white itooeth icn e cruel amilo, "andi he himself is prompt to help me, he forged the first link to-night." She was still absorbed in her half crazy musings, plotting fantastic vengeance against the brother who had thwarted her, and the girl in whom she seaw simply a use fil instrument, when her maid came into the room, with such obvious excitoment in her pilo prim face, that even Casilda was roused to ait little languid curiosity. "Are you not well, or not comfortable, Kershawo ? " she asked indifferently, and the woman bubbled over at once ; " I cannot say I am altogether, mi;s, but it is not that. I am sure, for your saklo, I could put up with the fsamiliarity of the young person down-stairs, and other ill conveniences that 1 am not accustomed to, but there is goings on hero with which I cannot hold." "Do not brush quite so roughly, please. What are these ' goings on,' pray ?" " Well, miss, I slipped out this evening to drop a letter in the pillar-post, the young woman haviing told me it was but a stop or two beyond the common, and as I came back, wallking pretty quick up the lane, as soon as I left the lamps behind me, I felt my heart stand still, for I heard a hawful kind of voice close in my ear--" She paused, enjoying in anticipation the effect her words ought to produce, but Casilda merely lifted her dark eyes calmly, and said: "Well, was it a voice only that shook your nerves'l Is that the end of the story ? " "By no means, miss." The woman tossed her head and spoke in a decidedly injured tone : " There is plenty more, but it was more than enough to shake one's nerves, I think, to know that one was alonme in a dark lane, with a murderer, or a burglar, or an escaped lunatic, as the caso might be." " And which was he ? Did he rob, or try to murder you ? " " Neither, miss, he simply come nearer and nearer to me in the dark (he all muffled up in a cloak, with a hat drawn low down on his face), and placing his hand on my shoulder, whispered in my ear in the most blood curdling way: " ' Young woman, are you Mrs. Monteith's maid? ' "I hardly know what I said, miss, for the place seemed to swim round with me, and there was not a policeman in sight. But I suppose he understood it to mean 'yes,' for he goes on in the same hurried, mumbling tone: "' Is Mr. Monteith at the house now ?' " I nodded; and heard him mutter some thing to himself that I would take my Bible oath was wicked language, though I could not quite distinguish what he said. "I walked as fast as I dared, but he quite kept step with me, and presently begins again, in quite a changed and coaxing sort of tone. And says hlie: "' You could do me a wonderful service, if you would, young woman ; and I am the sort of person to be grateful to a friond in neeood. You do not answer, but I am sure you are not so hard-hearted as to refuse what is a matter of life and death to me.' " I stopped, and began to feel for my purse, for there really was something melting in his voice, and I felt sure, though I could not see them in the darkness, that the tears wero in hisi eyes. "' If it is charity you want,' I began; but he laughed very softly, and put my hand with my purse in it gently away from him. "' Keep your money, my dear girl,' says he. ' I do want charity, surely and sorely enough ; but it is your mistress's, not yours. No, if you wish to help me, you will place this letter in her hands to-night.' " Korshawo came to a melodramatio pause there, making what she know to be a point effeotively enough. But she was not prepared for the effect her words produced on the mistress who was ordinarily so indifferent and so hard to rouse. " He said that ? " Casilda cried in a hard gasp, when she could command her voice sutliciontly to speak at all. I1or groat eyes blazed with a wicked triumph ; she was eager to speak and hoar, but her passion balked itself; she trembled from head to foot, and could find neither breath nor words at will. " Sit down, miss ; you look that dreadful bad," said the woman, shocked into sym pathy for once. But Casilda pushed back the chair, and went on in the same eager, breathless fashion : " You took the letter, of course ? " " I could do no loss, miss; I would have done much more than that to got rid of him." " Yes, yes. Whore is the letter ? " She hold out her feverish, skeholeton haud; hlier burning eyes turned almost im ploringly to the prim white face; her wild longing for the sweet revenge that was so nearly in her grasp, mastered all prudence and all sense of dignity; to have that letter in her possession, sho would have become her own servant's slave." IBut Kershawo looked properly shoolked and drew liher spare figure up majestically, and thou said in a mookly rebuking tone: " Whore lshould it be, miss, but in Mrs. MIontoith's hands to whom it was sent ? " She stood smoothing down her short apron, consoious that Casilda glared at her like a baffled fury, conscious also that she must govern her rage and speak civilly if she wished to learn any more. And Casilda recognuisod this fact, angrily onousgh, but so fuilly, that the "fool," she ground out between her sharp white tooth became a more angry mutter, and it was with the ghastly scmblanuc of a smile that she at last was able to force herself to say: " Of course-you are right, Korshawo, I worded my question stupidly, what I meant to askl was, how did Mrs. Montoith receive this-this oxtraordinary application when you delivered it to her ? " "Well, I will say I never saw a lady more tahon aback in my lifo. Sho grow so white I thought she was going off in a faint, and her pretty Ihluo eyes seemed to grow three times their inatural size, but in a minuto she commanded herself quite wonderful and says in an easy, oven a haughty tone: "'Thank you Korshawo, this is a tire some pensioner of mine,'" and slips tohe letter quite cool lilke in her pocket." Casilda leaned back sick with disappoint mont, So much had seemed within her reach, and yet, after all, she had gained so little. If sho had only known, if she could but have possessed herself of the letter, and placed a convincing proof of his wife's un worthiness in Frank's Iands, and dealt him blow for blow. She felt that she could gladly have died-but now I Now she knew indeed enough to con vince her that Bseesic was at least a woman with a secret, but to breathe that ?ocret in Frank's oar would be nothing less than madness now. In his full and loving trust in his young wife, he would laugh her suspicion? to scorn, if he did not angrily dismiss her from the house whose hap piness she had atteomped so persistently to destroy. " No, I must wait, and watch," sho cried, pressing her thin fingers to her throbbing temples, and looking strangely eager and witch-like, as she stood in the red fire glow, " with such a burden as she has on her conscience, she must betray herself some day." CHAPTER VII. " Bisse:, my pot, I wish you would do me a favour." Bessie looked up from her coffee cup with a pale little smile. She was very pale and frightened looking this morning, Frank thought, vexedly, his mother and sister must be less kind than he thought them, to have broken the bright young spirit so completely. "A favour ?" she echood with a nervous laugh, " ask and have, my lord and master." " Ah, but I come a bogging. My chancellor of the exchequer should not be too ready to grant supplies, should she, mother ? " He laughed, and turned to his mother, trying, as his usual custom was, to draw those discordant elements together oven in jest. But Mrs. Monteith did not answer at once, she was noticing with it sort of angry terror, the curious whiteness that crept over Bessio's rose tinted skin, the nervous twitch ing of the soft, childish lips. And the girl herself was miserably con scious of this scrutiny, consoious too, of the wolfish glare in Casilda's haggard eyes, conscious that the moment she so shrank from and dreaded, was at hand. But strength came to her in her supreme agony, and she answered with an imitation of her husband's tone, that only sounded absolutely hollow and unreal in her own strained ears : "Very well, I am open to corrootion, my dear, when I fully understand, I will enter tain your application, that is, if I think it reasonable." " Cool upon my word l" Frank said, rising and standing on the hearth-rug with his back to the fire, and his cheery faceo turned in upon the little group. "I must be careful what lessons I give to such a sharp little financier as you-well-in plain English, I want you to lend me a ten pound note for a few days. Orash came the pretty china cup that B1ssieo had been holding, the hot coffee ran down the front of her delicately frilled morning dress scorchod her slender fingers and wrung from her a little hysterical cry of pain. In a moment Frank was at her side so concerned at her misfortune and evident dis tress, that he altogether forgot the subject they had booen discussing. "Why Bessie, how can you be so awkward ?" he cried, examining the red trembling fingers anxiously, "are you so much hurt, my darling ?" "No, no," she cried, half crying, and trembling so violently that in spite of her reassuring words he still felt a little alarmed. " I am only stupid, and-and just a little damp." She shook out the limp discoloured frills that were so good, and welcome a pretext for escape, and ran principally out of the room. Frank looked puzzled for a second or two then muttering some indistinct apology he followed her-catching as he passed into the hall, the mocking echo of Casilda's shrill discordant laugh. No sooner had he disappeared than Mrs. Monteith, who had been silently fuming all through the sooese, broke into angry and impulsive speech. "A pretty little dramatic interlude? What does it mean, I wonder ?" She spoke rather to herself than to her daughter, who was neither a safe nor a favourite confidante. But Casilda's answer came with a certain bitter promptness. " Shall I toll you the meaning, mother ? Mrs. Frank Montoith is a clever actress and she devised on the spur of the moment an admirable exit from a trying and very ombarassing situation." "You mean that-" "I mean that, not having the money for which Frank asked, money that he has evidently confided to her charge, she took refuge in hysteria and an accidont." M.rs. Montoith frowned and bit her lip sharply-her own suspicions were certainly aroused, but she did not choose to foster those of Casilda. "You always go too far, ohild," she said reprovingly, "and never believoe in a motive that lies on the surfaeoo. One would think you wished to sow the seeds of dissension between Frank and his wife." " As I do," Onsilda cried savagely. "Did he not do the same good offiloo once for me, but I need not trouble myself, mother, the seeds are sown already, and unless I am much mistaken, Frank will have a goodly orop to reap." Mlrs. Montoith answered only by an impatient sigh, and moving into the pretty bay window, took up the morning paper, and apparently devoted herself to a very diligent perusal of its contents. It was useles, she know, to argue with Casilda, and she already regretted the one impulsive spoookl that had given the half guessed subject an opening. But deep at the bottom of her own heart lay the same conviction that her daughter had so passionately avowed. 'Thoro was soms mystery in Boessie's life, some strange secrot betwoeen husband and wife. Prosoently Frank camo back, a strangeoly altered Frank, as hIis mother saw with a scorot dread, and Casilda with an almost open exultation..o His face hadl d allit, healthy olour, his brows contracted, and his eyes had a new look of anger and distress. Mrs. liMouteith even fancied that his hand trembled a little as hlie buttoned up his coat, that firm strong hand, whose muscles had always seemed made of steel. Caseilda, standing wilth one slender foot on the polished steel fender, watched her brothor's reflection in the holly-framed glass, and read the story of his troubled face aright, before she turned with affected sympathy, and said in her very softest tone : "You bear your wife's pain for her, Frank, you look the very ghost of your self." " Do 1.?" he said, with a little start and a forced smile; "I have been veaxed, that is, I am getting nervous and womanish ; I let trifles upset me." "Such trifles as-the want of ten pounds, for instance ?" she replied. He frowned and winced a little under the unwavering scrutiny of those strange, burning eyes, that seemed to read the most secret thoughts of his soul, but he answered with well-feigned lightness : " You are fanciful, Cassio; one taust not own to even a temporary impecuniosity in the hearing of a rich woman." He turned towards the door with a cheery "good day, mother," but before lhe could reach it Casilda's taunting voice recalled him. " Stay one moment," she cried eagerly; "Frank, let me lend you that ton pounds which you need, since your wife cannot, or will not." The blood rushed hotly back to Frank Montoith's face, ho felt the sting of those maliciously emphasised words, and a quick and angry answer rose to his lips, but he bit them sharply to keeoop it back, he would not give his sister the cruel satisfaction of seeing how deeply she had wounded him. "No, thanultk you," he said, meeting her sharp glance impenetrably, and ignoring the latter part of her speech altogether; and thou, with a nod to the harassed-looking woman in the window, he was off and away. "You see, mother," Casilda cried, bring ing her thin hands together in a sort of feverish rapture as the door closed behind him, " I was right." Mrs. Montoith dropped the paper over whose top she had been steadily gazing for the last ten minutes, and removed her glasses with a very shaky hand. "You are cruelly wrong, as I told you before, child. Suppose there is a skeleton in poor Frank's cupboard, is it not much better to let him Ioop the horrid thing well under look and key, than drag it out into the daylight to shatter all our nerves with the ghastly sight ? " "You are for peace at any price, mother, and the condonation of all wrong; but, as you should know by now, I do not share your creed." Casilda spoke quietly, but with the old fierce, contemptuous smile on her thin lips i and Mrs. Monteith listened and looked at her with the old mingling of fear and entreaty in her handsome eyes. " I am for peace ; why should I deny it ? I am sure it is the greatest earthly blessing that can fall to our share," the poor worried woman said deprecatingly; "and as for condoning wrong, you really are talking high-flown nonsense, and you know it, Casild,. Bossie may have been a little extravagant-it is hardly to be expected that such a more child should manage money wisely-and it is quite certain that her husband is displeased with her, but she has done no wilful wrong; I am absolutely sure of that." " Be happy in that belief till the hour of conviction comes," Casilda said with a sneer. "Bossio should thank heaven for such a mother-in-law. You are more credu loneus than Frank himself. I think if you could look into his heart just now you would find neither peace nor faith there." The spiteful guess of the half-mad Casilda came cruelly near the mark. It was indeed with a cruel ache in his honest, loving heart that Frank went forth to his work that day. His absolute faith in Bessie had received a cruel shook, and, though he would not, and did not doubt her yet in any largo thing, the thought that she could be faithless in small things out him to the heart. He could still see the pallor of the smdll face, the piteous pain of the largo lovely eyes, as the girl owned, in a small, shaken voice, that the money he had given her but two days back was gone. " The cloak money l" he repeated in a bewildered tone," failing at first to take in the full meaning of her words, " the twenty pounds-- Bossio, I am not going to reclaim my gift-I only want to borrow one of the notes until I come back to-night." But Bossio, or the white-faced, wild-eyed, haggard creature who had taken the place of his bright Boss, only shook her golden head and reiterated her frightened cry : "It is gone I " "But you did not order and pay for the pelisse d " "r No." " You did not lose it ? " For one second she hesitated, and he know with a sudden sickeoning certainty that she was wondering whether she dared lie to him so boldly, but she cast the temp tation from hler with a little shudder. In all his misery of suspicion he could itill be thankful for that. "No," she said hurriedly, and in broken accents, "I did not lose it." " Then what in heavon's name did you do with it? Bessio, this is no trifling .quostion-our happiness, my trust in you is at stake. It is not the money, all I have is yours, but this mystery between us is ihor riblo and unnatural. How could a girl liltoke you squaidor twenuty pounds in , day 2 It is impossible. You have nuo debts ? " " Yes--ysc," Beosio broke in with a little gasping ory-" thlat was it. Frank, it went \--to pay a debt." "A debt, but what san you owe ? Do I not see your books every woolk ? unless indeed, it was a debt contracted bofore your marriage ?" "Yoe, yes, before my marriage Il" the girl oriod in the same strained tone while her blue eyes wandered in a restless frigh. toned fashion, round and round the pretty dressing room, but never rested on her husbhiud's kind troubled face. Plorhaps b.o cause they could not boear to road the pain and disappointment written there. There followed a painful silence, filled with an agony of shame for the one, with a sharpness of realized doubt for the other, then, with an effort, Frank swallowed his bitter pill manfully enough. " Well." he said with an effort, " you have hurt me Bessie, but I will not spoil our first Ohristmas together, so we must not talk of this again, but-there must be no more debt and no more mysteries, child, or good by to happiness for you and me." There was a touch of pathos in the grave full tones, a look in the dark eyes that went straight to Bessie's aching ber.rt, filling it with an intolerable agony, that yet had a touch of rapture too. " Was ever husband so generous as this, so brave and loyal, and true 2" she thought, her wholo being thrilled through and through with gratitude and grief. Could Heaven make so dissimilar as Frank Monteith and-and that other of whom she had once made an idol too, of whom she now shuddered to think. "Oh, Frank my darling !" she cried, flinging both arms about his neck sobbing her passionate heart out, and hiding her shamed face upon that loyal breast, " trust me a little, only a little longer, my own true love, and nothing shall come between uns ver again; trust me and forgive me, Frank, or my heart will break." The passionate prayer was not unheeded. though it brought only a fresh fulness of conviction to the listener's sore heart. Frank kissed the flushed cheek and un clasped the little trembling hands that clung about his neck, and soothed the girl's hysterical agitation with grave and gentle words of loving trustfulness. They parted without the quarrel that Casilda had hoped for, but yet, as they had never partedbefore, and both felt as the door closed between them that something inestimably precious had been stolen from their happy double lifo, and both mourned over it. And so while Frank hurried westward miserably pondering the inexplicable scene, Bessie flung herself face downwards on the bed and sobbed her very heart out in tears that should have stained her handkerchief deep rod, for they seemed veritable tears of blood. "Nobler oven than I thought you," she sobbed aloud in her agony, " so generous in your anger, so gentle in your own fierce pain. Oh Frank, my husband I heaven knows how gladly I would die rather than grieve or wrong you, and yet, freshly for given, I must deceive you once again." Cs'APTEIR VIII. "Do not lot me disturb you, pray ?" Bessie Monteith looked up from her desk with a start, colouring, as Casilda thought, in a wholly unnecessary and suspicious fashion-though she answered her frigidly put question calmly enough: "You do not disturb me; the room is largo enough to hold us both, Casilda, besides I have finished writing now, and am at liberty." She blotted her manuscript with deliber ate care (woell knowing what feverish and spiteful watch her sister-in-law was keeping on her every movement), folded and placed it in lier large housekeeper's purse, and then walking over to the open window and looked with a little shiver out at the cold, snow-covered world, "A typical Christmas eve, but perhaps none the more agreeable for that," she said, with a desperate attempt to make easy and indifferent conversation for this terrible guest of hers. But Casilda answered with ungracious abruptness and her ever-ready frown : "I hate the typical Christmas, and every. thing belonging to it-snow, and robins, and red-berries, and all." " Even its peace and good-will ? " Bessie mentioned softly, and rather to herself than this intolerant listener. "Those most of all," the girl broke in fiercely; "there is no peace in my heart and no good-will, Mrs. Frank Monteith, why then should I feign either for the world ? " A passionate hatred shone in her dark eyes, and sounded in her ringing, scornful tones, but there was no answering anger in Bessio's eyes. She had reasons stronger than any she dared own, for pitying and bearing with the half-frenzied girl, whose life had been so cruelly wrecked, who could see no beauty in God's fair earth and no goodness in man, because the desire of her heart had beoon denied. So she did not answer now, only knitted her pretty, line brows, and turned her troubled blue eyes away from the beautiful, haggard face it was a pain to look upon. "Why do you not lecture me 2" Casilda wont on tauntingly, "a few pretty platitudes on my undisciplined sPirit and ungoverned tongue, would be so soothing and appro priate, would como so well from you, whoso life is all transparent innocence, serone peace, and well-ordered calm. I have given you an excellent toxt-now for the seLrrpon, please." Bessie's colour camo and went. She was no miracle of patienco in a general way, no Grisolda sworn to bear any amount of ill-usuago and insult from her husband and her huisband's kin, that they might choose to treat her to. Sho hail the passions of her kind, and, as a rule, they wore not under absolute con trol. But something held them in cheek now. She looked with hind and wistful eyes at thoe girlwho was so determined to regard her as an enemy, and answered with grave patience : "When have I tried to lecture you, Casilda ? When have I done anything but wish we could be friends ?" She loft the room thenou, waiting for no answer, knowing well thant any OCasilda gave would only be ia signal for the renewal of strife, iUand woent, wearily up the stairs, fool ing tlhat one more burdon was added to the well-nigh unboarable weight of her already orunshiung cares. " Why does she hate me so ?" she asked, rocalling with an almost nuporsititious dread, the baleful glare of the great, dark eyes. " She cares nothing for her brother, and it is not as though she know." And meantime, Oasilda, loft to herself, was conscious of a strange, unwonted, in voluntary softening to this gentle, not to be provokod, foe of hers. Something in the tone of those wistful, parting words, seemed to touch some chord in her memory, in the oddest, most per. plexing way. " Be friends," she repeated, in a slo meditative tone, " if she were herself alone and I the Cacildn Monteith of the old days, I might have liked her, even loved her; a, it is-bah, what a fool I am. ohe is nothing to me, neither frietnd nor foe, only the weapon with which I may slay my enemy, only my brother's wife." As she spoko the angry, mocking words in a passion of reactionary hate, her wander. ing, restless glance fell on the plotting.pad that Bessie had lately used, and she snatched it up with a quick, little exolama. tion of delight. There on the fair white surface, the two or three lines that Bessie had written were distinctly visible in her largo, legible hand, and as Casilda held the blotter up to the glass, she read off her sister-in-law's mces sage as easily as though it were in print. It was written apparently on a telegraph. form, and ran as follows : "To Mn. Racu esns, 8 Craven.street, Strand. " Will be with you between four and five. Impossible to come before." Casilda's eyes blazed with a wicked triumph, and her face grow very white. " At last, at last I" she cried, and there was a sort of solemn triumph in her tone. " Measure for measure, Mr. Frank Monteith, I think it is my turn to break an idol nou. With slow and deliberate care, she re. moved the tell-tale sheet from the blotter, and transferring it to her pocket-book, sat herself down to think, to lay out a plnu that should make her vengeance absolute and complete. "There must be no loose threads, no loophole for me to slip through," she thought, crouching over the fire like a mediative witch ; " how fortunate that mother should spend the day in town-her presence would have spoiled all." She did not see Bessie until lunch-time, and by that time all trace of unusual excitement had faded from her manner, indeed she was so much less snappish and exacting than usual that her young hosteds almost began to think her soft answer had sufficed " to turn away wrath." She herself was a little nervous and uneasy over the communication she had to make, never guessing how well prepared the other was to receive it. "I am going to desert you this afternoon, Casilda," she said, suddenly, looking up from her plate with a nervous and by-no means successful attempt at a propitiatory smile. " I find that quite unexpectedly I must go up to town." " To meet Frank ?" Casilda asked with well-feigned carelessness and an inner smile at the other's hot and painful blush, "No-no--to--in short, it is a little business-stupidly forgotten until now." "Business that cannot wait until your merry Christmas is over ?" Bessio looked sharply up, but Casilda's head had fallen back among its pillows, her eyes were closed as though in utter weari ness, her white face was utterly expression. less. "No, it cannot wait," she answered, hurriedly. "I am sorry to leave you alone \ but-" " There is no need for grief. Frank and my mother will be here by seven." "And I long before that. What is it, Casilda ? " She asked the question anxiously and a little angrily; there was something so weird and mocking in her sister-in-law's laugh. But Casilda answered with unusual suavity : "I merely laughed at your concorn for me; do you not know that I am always most happy when I have only my own thoughts for company ? And to-day my thoughts are really pleasant, long-looked for and expected friends." Bessie turned away with a sigh, hopoless of understanding this incomprehensible creature, and doubtful whether she were offended now or not. But she had no time to spare in consider ing Casildia's caprices with real and urgent troubles of her own filling her every thought, and presently had almost forgotten her existence as she hurried away to the station, and, as Casilda fancied with a cruel triumph, to her fate. Years seemed to roll over the anxious watcher's head, as she waited with brain and heart on fire, for the closing of the hall door, for the sight of the slender girl figure, wrapped in its rich soft furs, flittering through the mist and darkness of the Do comber afternoon, for the sight and sound that should assure her she too was free to act. (To be conertiLtd.) Recent statistics, showing the oonsump" tion of fermented liquors of all einds in the principal nations of Europo, go to prove that the people of Groeat Britain aind Irelaud are much more moderate drinleers than those of Franco, Belgium, Switzerland, or Denmark. The average Frenclhman con sumoes at the rate of 19-67 litres of alcohol per annum, the litro being about equivalent to one pint and three-quarters ; the Swiss, 13845; tIhe Belgian, 12-65 ; the Dane, 12-22; and the Briton, 10-0t. Climate, contrary to the popular opinion, has so little to do with drinling, that, although the oousumpn tieon of spirits per head of the populatios reaches its maximum in Denmark, it attrains its minium in the neighbouring country of Norway; while, notwithstanding the severity of the winters.in Canada, the popes lation of the Dominion is more abstemious than that of any European nation. The Paris corrospondent of the Times announces an imminent arnd most important revolution in maps. This is tob be brought about by a Portugueso inventor, who has discovered a chomical process for reproduoe uing plano mapls with the ourvon and Ielti tudes in relief, so as to correspond absolutelly with the olovartions established by accurato ohservations. These now relief maps are drawn on thin papor. They may be rolled up into a very small case, and are not in. jired by water. "At a singlo glanooe," it is added, "one can take in the wholo topoe graphy of a district, its defiles and heighlts, its watercourses, and all the lessor obstacles of the country," Youth, you say you are in love with two girls, both bonutiful-ono " divinely" ?talll, rand the other " a perfeoot little lfairy. Marry the little one. Sho won't wantdo muoh stuff for a dressa 