Stray Kotes, Br BARNACLES. My fribud you loust very tired Kest .is the,luxury •wanted," Sit in a. corner of this school; Poor Barnacles won't be haunted, Although your readers do not ueed. Exports of me yoir vc written ; I ,wu£t remain and expose a deed, Some -dozen years now bidden. Although I have endeavoured to obtain the opinions of others with regard to naming the belle of the late ball, 1 have been misuccessful and am left with nothing to guide me but n^y o*m imagination. Scarcely a wink uid I sleep last night, !>ut lay awake' on niv couch imagining that they were dancing the mazy waltz before me, and that I wa« eyeing closely each fair creature as she pr.sstd by, but one seemed to me as graceful ae the other. However, when day began :o da mi. 1 closed my eyea and slum, bered, but in my dreaius the music was still audialile the graceful iipures -seemed more Teal than before, hut the belle did not appear. Iu my dream I sauntered to the old school and the ghost confronted xne, and aaiS in a low deep voice — Covered with* cold sweat I leaped up in my bed, but words could not convey to the. mind how delighted 1 was to find that 1 was many miles from tlie old school. However, the apparition did ine a good turn, for in the ver&e; it named the belle of the ball The coolness with which some journalist* can make an assertion, apparently without fear of denial, is most extraordinary. My eyes were somewhat opened when I observed In the last number of the '' CoulUurn Aderti&cr;," an appeal to the Murchison footballers, to "arouscfrom their lethargy and show the neighbouring teams that they are still able to retain the title of champion which they had so creditably earned list year." With what an imaginative inkaliuger our Murchison fxieuds must be blessed ? Howe/er, it should suffice to say that Nagambie owns tlie honor, which our Murchison friends are endeavouring to claim. Oar boys', beat every team they played j/jchidzngthe would be champions at Murchison. i The rabbit peet, of which the farmer are .•complaining, is nothing compared -with the .way in which tip country towns are infested with representatives of various firms in Melbourne, Not an hour has passed in Nagambic during the past fortnight, but 1 have beea conipfiilod -to leave my cozy fire to answer a knock, and on *very occasion J have been met at the door by a gentleman wear, ing a polite smile and carrying * leather bag in cach hand. "Can I measure you for a suit, air, 1 ' is the firBt remark from the stranger and in apite of all you can say .to get rid of liim be will open his bags, and .-same ±ime a ;look coeteiiothing, and thaliiB ^nn is tJit iest in Melbourne, etc. This ,3ort,of thing is carried on to'sucb an extent that I really ;think it is time travellers representing Melbourne turns should be taxed.. The Nayal rAutiiorities, aw-confident <t'hat:-they ,wjUl ^ to 4*^1 ^apidlv tiff^tuolJy wich the thri'.e or four. iust crutsera^rhich B^saia .ppBsesses,.«hould they attonijpt to put to,s*«a. Tli^ onl^y arm-of «uVat warfare in swhieh iiussia is at all fojwidable is torpedoes, of which it is said alio has seventy in the Baltic. 