BKUYL MANSIONS. CnAl'TEU I. fBv tJic Author of "In the Dead of . * KifelH."] •. Had I boon my own master at tfint time and able to ilo as IJilied iu Uio affair the probability ie that I should never have tnlyOti up my resilience in Beryl Mansions. As matters wore, however, I had no choice. My uncle Tobias was nt the trouble of engaging the voonis for ine, and he was also at the expense of furnishing them. After that, oi! course, nothing could bo «aid, more especially os it was owing to his influence that 1 had obtained the situation to which I had been appointed in a wellknown London ban!;. But, indeed, 1 found my rooms in Beryl Mansions fnr more tolerable than at one time I had thought possible. In the first place they were control, in the second they were quiet, and in the third place I could go in and outah I pleased without being interfered with by any one. Beryl Mansions were hiluatrd in a narrow street which formed nil artory between two oilier state's tunotntf from thn Strand to the river, whicli at the time 1 write, was still without its Embankment. The Mansions formed a cul-de-sac, and reached from the street through a covered gateway, which bore ou its front, deeply Cut in the stonework, the datn It L7. The ^Houses wore substantial, well built, and dated back to about the same periodqb the : gateway. There was on air of deenved gentility about them, os though they had seeti befctor d«ys. They were let out in 'floors to different occupants, I, Edward ''Xtimsdalo.hcing the tenant of two rooms on the first doc»r <if. Mo. 3—the third house on theleftas you entered froiu the street. ?; The -ci:st«ulian, rent collector, and ..gcnei'niTiictotuni for all mutters relating spy tbe^^tiskniKwaa ar^ jaan^amed^aniel ivy, ; 2fc wii from : him : thiit before long I cune to know ^n^riy nil he could tell mc about my : iiciglibour^ and fellow-lodgers. Jn every tase the ground floors of the IIOUBOS were :T©ht4!das offices of: one kind cr other, and \- were consequently occupied during the day time ; Ivy nud his wife tenanted two or three small rooms in the gateway itself. The other occupants of the Mansions, those wlvo slept there and made their homes there, consisted of men of -various ages and different occupations, as •SWAB to be expected among a handful of individuals brought together os neighbours iy'sheet accident in tho heart of a great <ity. ~ *You are our youngest lodger, Mr. Dimsdale,' said Lvy to me one day, 'and we have only one lady living in tho \- Mansions, and she's a foreigner.' : * And who is sW ' 'Her mame's Ma'amgello Lnlour. and 'sbc lives with her father on tho first floor 6f No. 2—, the house next yours, sir. A sallow faced y<m«*» lady, not very liandsomo, but very ladylike and civil' ' And Mademoiselle La tour's father?' 1 said, questiuiiingly. *Wbat is he, you mean, sir? That's fust more than T can makeout,' responded Ivy. f SJc puzzles ine, and it isn't often •^I'tn... puz/led about any of my lodgers. 'And. between you and me. mi", I can't fay I'likc Monsieur Latour oi*er much ; what's ttiorc, n;y missis don't like him. lie is too sly, sir, comitift* in and goiriif out at all hours of the day and night, sometimes dressed like a rog'lar lord, al other times like a common working man, iu n suit of dallies I wouldn't jjivc half a saver for. Curious, sir, I take it.' 1 "Very curious, indeed, Ivy, I presume that Monsieur Iiatour's daughter does not i:eep these strange hours?' * Wet or line, every day but Sunday, Mu'amsoUc leaves the house al half-past ten"io the minute, and every evening she gets back about six. Me and my missis have put it down that she goes out as -governess—teaching music or French, Miiaybc. MVamsuIlc's right enough, sir, and, as I said before, she's remarkably =• CIvjL' H ^Ivy knocked Ihe ashes out of Lis pipe, -®od then 'proceedf d' to rclill it. h * ThBte!aM^f^flfora, •. notr,'- lie *©•, vsumod.-:^ ilio Tooi'ns on ;theVflbbr. lA^^ipnslc^r, und hitf-daiig-htcr, ^aud hie; is sail n real nicb gentleman. You'll J»n6\vliim si'toncc when you see liiiti, «ir. He's geitiug on for sixty. Tall and thin, his white hair mid whiskers, and dresses . ajittte old-fashioned, but as neat aB a new pin.' some bank or office in the city, probably ?' • • v 4 JSo, sir, as far as I can make out Mr. X/ydford is his'own master, and hasn't any- .tinog particular to occupy his time with. y . He is a very bookish man. There are heaps or books in bin rooms and he's always •";• brmtir? fresh ouc-s home. I think you . Would like tb know Mr. Lydford, sir,' \- .added Daniel, with a sly look at me. v. 'Probably. I am a lover of books my self in a wnall Wiiy.' * I don't mean that, sir ; but you might : ! like to know him because of his pretty • tuecc, ^'ho comea to see hiin or cry two or . . three months. T shouldn't be a bit surprjsp.d, sir, if you were to fall head over •i '-.-•ars iu love tho firsttime you set eyes on .her.' * But 1 should ba very much surprised .- myself, Daniel,' I answered drily. * Why don^tyou findmc as pleasant a neighbour • &b; Air. Lydford for the empty rooms on the • floor above mine. It is lonely of a night " with no one in the old house but myself.' •v - Ivy* puffed at bis pipe iu silence. * That' v: another queer tiling/ he said at last. * As \- ;-you say, sir, the rooms over yours are empty ; for all that they arc not to let.' •Wot to let 1 How's that?' . *'Well, sir, they had been standing empty for some time, when one day about •v-fifteen months since, a gentleman came 'Vflnd'iookcd at them and took them on the -'.•fipof. Tho lisime he gave was Bevan, his ^. - references were a firmof lawyers in Bed- • rford Row, and he paid mo a quarter's rent m. advance. JS r ext day a lot of furniture . Was sent in, and a few days later Mr. •'•t'.:Berah-called again. The rooms were not wanted for himsulf, ho then said, but for A Nephew who was to return from foreign 'Mparts. This nephew might arrive any day, •or nqt ior a month of two - in any case the • •.-rooraB.ijnunt be in readiness for him when he reached "England. And now comes the ^ .^ueer ; !part of the story,, sir. Fifteen jjaon^s_'3iuv^,jgpne' by 'fdncc t.4Uid tho <^he w.^huB .tie virrp ut'i iran tf]>poaraiice to; The rootns are still locked up *'Havo;::^6u 'not seen anything of Mr, ^v3Jevan:3n;tlie iuterim ^ ' • lib h^s called three or four times/-.-Ii"was in April when I saw him .last^' He looked over the rooms, as be • fllwaysdoes. And when I asked when bo :;s.might expect tho gentleman he said •matters of business had detained him ^much lonycr tliun he expected ; that was rcaU'iUie.answer I got, and it's pretty much xhe%imc answer that he's given mc before. : vTUie=renVs always paid a quarter in ad- ;-vance, iiiy missis opens the windows and ;v<luBt6..out tlie rooms once a month, and ithcn, .the keys are hung on a nail sg&fn; > -Mover my "fireplace, ready to be handed to .-the/iraveller whenever he may come for ; ;themi Either hy day or by night.' t:rSomehow after the date of my gossip Ivy I no longer seemed to feel •. anyself fiomuch a stranger iu Beryl Man- . eions^s .before. I began to regard the dingy oid houses different eyes. The \- piemente of mystery and roinsn.ee' were ; -about irie, even among those grimy vails ; i vas they are abuut each and all of us if we : >ot}]y Jcuow where to look for tlicm. C CHATTJSB II. ttwa^.uot long after this that I saw Sfc iydford for tho first time. Daniel Ivy'&'descnption of him was very accurate. Se was tall and thin and stooped a little, as ,3nany bookish meu do. He wore an air.of abstraction as he threaded his way- -through rtlie streets, as though ho were ?fjPogltatmg over some abstruse idea or forking:out some difficult problem. He iooked ajiiiaB whose acquaintance I should: \ t 3ike.lo -makc; ! "Mdlle, LaloUr l also saw, and that he-' ^ -foremany days were over; She was a /V^ SQ'hfiH French woman. In dress, style: f VWd«arri&gc;,;from the artificial rosebuds^ f Jl... »n 1 er neat httle bonnet to^the tip of hec 'Vt. s dainjyl>oqts You inay;any .day ^ee ^in • «•-. 9> hundred TyomenlUseher, /syen.-to the high eheck bones, the sallow complexion, and the beady, quick glancing black eyes. The expression of her face was by no raeanBan unpleasant one, especially when she smiled and Bbowcd those perfect teeth of hers ; and when she had discovered that I was a denizen of Beryl Mansions and her next door neighbour, she always favoured ine with a smile-nnd a litt'e nod when we passed each other; in return for which I lifted my hat as politely as would one of her own countrymen. Of M. Latour I saw nothing for several weeks, but his comings and goings were ."o crraticand uncertain that it was scarcely to be wondered at. When ldid see him 1 was not prepossessed in his favour.The honest, homely instinct of Daniel Ivy and hi* wife had not been fur from the mark, or so it seemed to me. The expression of his close shaven face, taking in conjunction with that of his eyes, gavo one the impression of a man who was cruel, cold, and hard, down to the very foundation of his being. No ; the less I saw of M. Lutour iu the future the better I should be pleased. Summer gave place to Autumn, and that it turn began to fade into winter, and still the rooms over mine remained silent and tenautlcss. Mr. Bevun's uepliew did not come. I wished lie would. As the nights of the corning winter grew longer the old house of which 1 was tho solitiry tenant after durk grew more weird, gloomy, ;md ghostlike. These midnights m my r.iom were very lonely when the tiro had burnt loir and til outride sounds !iad died auviy. I would have given much tu he ir a foot step on tho atairs, or to know that in tho ronns abovt) or below there was ono human being either awake or nslucp. It was about the middle of .November, when one night 1 ext ulotio in my roo .i jis 'UBttpVj The .tiro was,nearly .out, ^he cluck oii thefchimneypiccb warn* on the stroke of one,'I had dono reading, nndwassmok* ing a last pipe before going to bud. i was gazing dreamily iuto the dying embers and calling Innesomc scenes oi long ago and the faces of dear ones far away, when suddenly £ iv;is startled into the most vivid iifu by the sound of footsteps io tho room immediately above. I •prang to my feet. I all but dropped tny meerschaum iu sheer amazement as 1 listened. Yes, there could be no mistake. For the second time the footsteps crossed the re-crossed tho floor, then there was a sound as though a heavy chair or other picce. of furniture was being mo"cd, uud then all grew silent again. ' He is come at last,' I said gaily to myself; ' and I am glad of it. 1 Anevontso important necessitated an extra pipe. As I smoked it tho thought all at utce struck me that I did not hear him arrive. I had certainly not beon asleep or even dozius. Assuming that h had brought no luggage with him, it wa strange that I had i:«t heard him usecn; tho stairs, pass my door ?.nd mount to tho floor above. But no sound had broken the silence of tho house until that of tho footsteps overhead. Tho more I thought about it the less I could account for the mystery. I Bat puzzling my brain till past tw o'cioek, bub did not hear the footsteps again. The silence remained as unbroken as though the third floor tenant were stil thousands of miles across the sea. More than once I asked myself whether it w possible (hat my ears had deceived me xvbother the sounds 1 had heard had .my existence other than iu my own imagination. But they had been too real, and when I at length turned into bed it was the firm belief that tho old house had found another tenant at last, the mystery of whoso silcut arrival would bo solved iu the morning. I popped rny head into Ivy's little room on my way to business. k So the lonj» looked for one has come at last,' I said. ' You were very sly about it, Ivy. Not a word, not a hiut even, when I saw you last evening. 1 Daniel Ir tv lookod up and stared at me frith anunmisbikiibJe air. of bewilderment 'I must be :dull, this morniug, airj" he replied, ' fpr i^don^t in tlie lca^i fcuow what you mean. Daniel: "I only thought you miffht have told-ine you were expecting Mr. Bo van's nephew last night. 1 ; • But I wasn't expecting him, sir. And, what's more, if Iliad been expecting him he did'nt come.' * Not come J' I exclaimed. 1 What d you mean ? lie was walkiug about his room at ono o'clock this morning.' Daniel looked at mo as if lie thought I had taken leave of my senses. ' Do you see that, sir V he asked, pointing to a key which was hanging over the chimney piece. ' Without that key nobody could get into tho rooms over yours, unless they broke open the door.* This staggered mc a little, but I was not going to give in. * Key or no key,' I said positively, ' there was certainly someone walking about the room at one o'clock this 1 morning. At this juncture Mrs. Ivy called her husband. I looked at my watch, found thnt I was late and hurried off without further delay. When I returned home in the afternoon I kept out of Ivy's way. Tho second night would surely prove whether I was right or wrong. And yet tho more I thought of the matter tho more impossiblo it seemed that I could be iu the right when I had s seen the key of the room lianging on the nail, undisturbed. Evening deepened into night, the outside" uoises gradually died away, and except for the faint rumble of a passiug vehicle, or tho hollow eoho of a footfall now and again in the paved court, profound quietudo reigned over Beryl Mansions. Tea o'clock; eleven o'clock; twelve o'clock; aud still the silence iu the old house was unbroken. There had been ho sound of any one passing up stairs or down ; no noise of doors being opened or shut; no footsteps pacing overhead. I began to think that, after all, iny imaginatiou niust have played mo false. But this waiting and watchiog grew dreary. 1 stirred up tho fire and put my bachelor's kettle on the hob. The Jittlo clock on the chimney piecc struck^the half hour after miduiglit. Ah ! as I live, there it is agaiu, just as if it had beenAWutiug lor signal } The .HmiuisiakiWo^amp/of fool6tc.ps 3irectly over jmy.slicBdi;.-TV^m;flidertb^idiB^fcy; pjipe, .slowly and,'without liUrey, vntft, ^nce. of twice,; tint TieMuponadozentimesin all; hen .silence again. What will Daniel say n the luorning, I wonder ? After liBtening forafew minutes longer, I opened rnydoor with**" little noise as possible and stole down stairs, nud so out into tho open air. Had there been alight in any of Ivy's windows I should at once have summoned that functionary aud imparted to hiin my eeco'ud experience there and "then. But all was in darkness. As I stood in the middle of the court my eyes went up instinctively to the windbws of the rooms over mine. There too, to my intense surprise, I saw that all was dark. I rubbed my eyes and looked auaio. Not a glimmer of light anywhere except from the window of my own room. The my stery was deepening. Thefirstslreaka of dawn were beginning to broaden in the east before I fell asleep, bat not another sound of any kind had rcachcd me from the mysterious stranger, Daniel Ivy was standing in the archway when I set out for the bank, as if he were waiting to intercept me. * Good morning, air,' said he at once; 4 were you troubled with the footsteps overhead again ?' ' Ycslyy. I beard the footsteps last night even more plainly than the night before/ waB my grave reply. As surely as you are jstanding there someone was in the room over mine both on Monday and Tuesday night.' Dauicl'6 jaw dropped ; ho stared at ruo with glassy eyes. ' Help us and save us!' he stammered. ' If what you say is true, sir, and I don't like to doubt your word, then the tooaa musfc lie haunted. There is nothing else for it 1 4 Ishookmy head in silent protest. 'If the sounds I beard were caused by a ghost it must besghostttfa very substantial build indeed. Ishouldrorther put it dowu to athicf, lvy^thuu ajghost. Daniel gavetnennihjuredlooV. : VWait; ene lBQnienMir,' hq eaidj &ndwHh; that he. went, indoors and returned with tho key in his hand. Ilo wtmld examine the rooms there uhd then, but only on condition that I accompanied hiin. 1 agreed, and promised not to breathe iu word about tho nU'uir to his wife. For onoe in a way I should be half an hour late in reaching tho bank, bet I did not doubt for once iu, a way I should be excused. W« rotraced our slops across the court to No. 3 and began to ascend the stairs. What Daniel wasabout to do was obviously not to his liking. Upward we went till iny door was passed and then higher still till wo reached the upper storey and cume to a stand at the door of which we carried the key. My pulses beat a little faster than ordinary as wo stood there for a few moments waiting for Ivy to regain his breath. Thcu at length the key was inserted. the hundlo turned and the door fiuns wide open. The room was in total darkness, and I fancy that we botheutercd it with some littls trepidation. Daniel, however, at once made his way to the window, and drew back a pair of heavy curtains, aud then proceeded to draw up the blinds. It at once struck mo that no gleam of light could possibly ponetrate outside a window covered up inside us that one was. The bright morning light came streaming iu. i gazed around with curiosity. Tho room was plainly but comfortably furuished, without any pretensions to taste or elcganoe. A horsehair sofa on one side of the fireplace, an easy chair on the other ; a small sideboard, a tolerably .stocked bookcase in a recess next the chimney piece, and a few cane-bottomed chairs. The room might have been occupied the previous night, or not for a year. But against tho former supposition was to be a-jt the fact that everything was in what is called 4 apple-pie order' J not a chair was out of its place; not a lamp or candle- <«Uck. was anyhow iota W»a i . while t$e Hie was laid ready 'for lighting at a moment's notice. 1 Exactly as the missis left every tiling when she was herca fortnight since,' said Daniel, somewhat reproachfully. There were two doors in the room in thfition to that by which we entered. D.tniel opened one of them, and I saw that it lod into another dark room. As before, he proceeded to draw back the heavy curtains. The room proved to be a hi:d-chamber. The bed with its snowy coverlet was there roady for an occupant ; towels, with tho mangle creases still in Ilium, lay across the horse ; on the washstand was an uuused cake of soap. 4 Nobody been hero just lately, I reckou, sir,' rcmurked Daniel. Putting back the corlains as he had found them, Ivy then opened the door of tho second inner room. Tnis room lacked both curtains and blind, and was entirely empty. A glance round assured mo that no one could have gained access to the rooms but by the staircas?. But I put tho question to Daniel. ' There's no other euirancc to these rooms save by tho staircase that you came up,' he replied, earnestly. 'Arc you satisfied, sir?' ( Quite satisfied, Daniel.' Without another word ho crossed to the window and began to draw down the blind. At that moment my eye caught by a corner of something white pro} rutling from under the sofu cushion. 1 lifted til* cushion aud found that it was a oortion o£ a newspaper which had apparently been thrust away there out of si^lit. J took it up and turned it over without thinking what I was about, wheu my glance fell upon something that starth:i| me as I raroiyhad been startled in iny life before. The uewsnapcr that I held in my baud was only two days old. I stared and stared at it again to make c«vtain that my cy<w had not deceived No, there could be no mistake as to the reality. To-day was Wednesday 3 ihe date of the paper wits that of the preceding Monday ; and it was on Monday night I had Jirst heard the footsteps. I put back the oowspapcr where I found it, just as Daniel was drawiug Ihe. heavy curtains across, tl^ out ' of ihoyoom ^nd wenfc^^on'n stairs deep in thought. • oome instinct*some feeling—I hardly know what—impelled me to keep my discovery to mvsoif for a time. That the romu had had a visitant in the dead of night I could no longer doubt, at the same time I was firmlypersuaded that D.uiiel was altogether innocent of any cormirance in tho affair. What, then could be guincd by telling him of this discovery 7 It would only servo to /{after li :b nerves more than they were fluttered already. At present the secret was my own. I would endeavor to fathom it without help from any one ; when I should fail iu doing s», it would be time enough to seek counsel from others. But what could tho mystery be ? IIow could the iutiuder again acecss to the rooms. 