BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. A firm of diamond merchants in London have received from the Cape a diamond weighing over 400 carats. This gem is said to be the largest in the world. The claimant's sons are going in for a military life. One has joined the depot of the Hampshire Regiment at Winchester, and a brother is in a cavalry regiment. Both were recruited under the name of Tichborne Sir George : Look here John 1 My Lady complains that when you see her in the street you never salute her. What the deuce do you mean by it ? John Begging' you Dardin', Sir George, but in a. book on ettyketty, which I possess, it is set down the lady ought to bow first. The reading public will be disappointed, the Jthcnaium says, if they expect any new information in the promised American edition of Carlyle's " Reminiscences." Its chief feature will be the correction of a swarm of small errata, including some alterations and omissions, and it will throw light mainly on the surprising in- accuracy of the first editor. The strangest place for a bird's nest is that selected by a sparrow at Woolwich, of which the officer in command of the gun park at Woolwich sends the following account to the London Times The time of day is announced to the garrison and neighbourhood of Woolwich every day at 1 and 9-30 p.m. by firing a blank charge from a 9 pounder bronze gun. This gun is mounted in the gun park on a wooden travelling carriage, which is fitted with two axle-tree boxes, each about 4ft. square by 3in. deep, with the inside divided into several compartments. This box is designed to carry Cane-seat and cartridges with the gun in action. The carriage is an old one, and the right axle tree box has a small hole in one of its sides. Some days ago the gunner, on firing the 1 o'clock gun, observed a spar; row flying out of this hole, and an examination of the box showed that it contained, instead of case shot, a sparrow's nest with five eggs. The box was carefully padlocked, so as to guard the nest from inquisitive boys, but the gun was fired twice a day as usual, and on the morning of Saturday. May 16, 1885, five little sparrows made their appearance, and are doing well." In Michael Davitt's story of his prison experience, he quotes verbatim the language of a London pickpocket, who thus recited the story of his arrester was logging down a blooming slum in the Chapel when I butted a reader who was sporting a red Blang. I broke off his jerry and boned his clock, which was a red one, but I was stopped by a copper, who claimed me. I was lugged before the beak, who gave me six does in the steel. The week after I was chucked up, I did a snatch near St Paul's, was collared, lagged, and got this bit of seven stretch." It is hardly known, I fancy, says a writer, how certain stock markets are affected by the Queen's movements. I have just seen two letters addressed by eminent banking houses in Berlin and Frankfort to a hotel proprietor at Aix, requesting him, in case her Majesty should decide to leave Aix for England, via France (giving up her visit to Darmstadt to telegraph them immediately to that effect. In each case a cipher message is enclosed, to be, of course, used for transmitting the information, and in both cases large sums were offered for the information, as it was stated that the profits on the anticipated coup de course would be very large indeed. That clever enthusiast, Colonel Hope, V.O., has(Baysthe World) at last induced the Government to look with some favour on his invention, the gun of the future." By an ingenious contrivance in the chamber of the guns he is able to distribute the strain caused by the exploded gunpowder to such an extent that charges may be used in guns of various sizes of six times the strength of those now in use, thus increas- ing the velocity, penetration, and range to an enormous extent. Colonel Hope's gun weighs 73 tins, but it is to fire the same weight of powder as our 18-ton gun. The Government have also directed Mr Maxim to apply the principle of his rifle gun to one on a larger scale, suitable for a fixed platform on board ship or in boats, to fire shot and shell instead of rifle but letB, where there will be less chance of the complicated mechanism getting out of order. The Bishop of London thinks the ballet bears anything a g but a healthy influence; believes that it is calculated to unsettle the minds of impressionable young men, and assist baneful imaginings. After such a declaration it may be assumed (says a London theatrical paper) that the worthy Bishop was young himself once. Perhaps, too, it is well, with his susoepti bility, that he selected an avocation which did not demand his attendance at establishments where feminine youth and beauty shake a loose leg. Mr. Gough, the temperance lecturer, says he once heard a man in loud tones, stamping and walking about wildly, beat- ing the air, and clenching his hands, in giving utterance to the words, "Why, my friends, wherever we go, over Europe or Asia, on the mountain, or in the valley in cities, in towns, in villages, in hamlets-I repeat it, wherever we go, in the discovered as well as in the undis- covered islands of the sea, we always find that in a large population there are more men and women than where the population is smaller." A good lawyer, it is said, ought to know something about everything, that is, he ought to have sufficient acquaintance with every subject to enable him with a little study to master its particulars. The County Court Judge at Liverpool has illustrated this talent to perfection in a recent trial before him, concerning the fit of a lady's bodice. The plaintiff averred that the garment was badly cut, and that the padding inserted by the defendant was superfluous. The defendant averred it was well cut, and that the padding was necessary on account of certain de- ficiencies in the plaintiff's figure. His Honor.-" Could it be remedied by bringing up the skirt a little higher ?" The amazement of the contending parties at this technical suggestion of the judge is described as extreme ; they felt that the whole of the matter was now in the hands of an expert, even the delicate question of the lady being " too fat " or not, it was' understood by both sides, could be safely left to his dis- cernment. "I think," said his Honor, " that the young lady had better try on the bodice." There was a momentary hesitation and a blush on the part of the complainant, but eventually she marched into the Judge's retiring-room, " with all the parties interested in the trying it on " whether this term included the Judge himself is not quite clear, but his decision was no doubt in accordance with the facts. His Honor " thought that the bodice was too short, but that the skirt might possibly be raised by the help of a good dress improver." Knowledge is always excellent, but, unless the selection to the office is confined to family men, it seems impossible that the possession of all this peculiar information can be calculated upon in a County Court Judge. It is well known that if you scratch a Russian you find a Tartar, but this is true if you scratch almost anybody who has any spirit. A butcher at Leicester has just discovered this latter fact. Per- ceiving a Zulu at a fair going through music scenes of most savage description, he naturally took it for granted he was an Irishman ; wetting his finger, therefore, he touched-for it did not amount to a scratch-the Zulu on his naked shoulder, expecting the paint would come off Instead of which, the indignant native, shouting the war cry of his race, went for him with his assegai. The butcher is now in the infirmary with a good deal to think about. An analysis of the composition of the British army in regard to the nationality of the non commissioned officers and men shows that at the beginning of the present year the proportion of English-born soldiers per thousand was 730, which is higher than in any of the years recorded, which extended back to 1868, when. the proportion of Englishmen was only 593 per thousand The proportion of Scotchmen and Irishmen shows a steady diminution since 1868, when out of every thousand soldiers 94 were born in Scotland and 308 in Ireland. Now the rate is 78 for Scot- land and 178 for Ireland, the latter being the lowest rate known, while the Scottish find a parallel only in 1888. The proportion of men born in India and the Colonies is 13, which is one more than in the I four preceding years, and of foreigners only 1 per thousand, it having been 5 in 1868 and two following years. The actual numbers of men under the various headings at the beginning of the year were English, 128,021 *, Scottish, 13,720 ; Irish, 33-39 ; Indian and Colonial, 2,272; foreigners, 157 ; not reported, 3,506 total, 178,809. The prosecutions of Mormon poly gannets by the United, States Government have caused something like a panic in Utah. Three presidents of the Mormon Church- Taylor, Cannon, and Smith are hiding to avoid arrest, about 50 "bishops" and "apostles" have been suddenly called away, and 30 others are under indictment. Twenty have been convicted and sentenced to imprisonment. The Indian Government has taken the extreme step of depriving the consort of the Begum of Bhopal of his title of swab, and of his right to the usual salute accorded to a native prince of his rank. The reason for this step is the offender's oppression of the people and general abuse of power. He has also been warned that if he further interferes in the internal affairs of the State the consequences will be even more serious. The new and cheap edition of Mr. Edmund Yates' "Reminiscences" is enriched by a supplementary chapter, giving an account of his trial and imprisonment. In this chapter he acknowledges fully and gracefully that the offence for which he was tried was a serious one, though he denies his responsibility for it legally he, was, of course, responsible. Of his trial Mr. Yates writes with little bitterness, and of his imprisonment with none. From first to last he was treated with the utmost consideration, and he was allowed many little liberties and indulgencies for which it is evident that he is even more grateful than he declares himself to be. There have been a very large number of suicides at Monaco lately. The latest tragedy was a peculiarly melancholy one, the victim being a French lady. She lost 75,000 francs at the gaming tables at Monte Carlo. Frantic with grief and remorse she asked the authorities to give her some assistance, but they coldly refused, and thereupon she committed suicide. M. Pasteur is more than ever certain of the efficacy of his method of curing hypo phobia, and when he has made 10 or 15 cures, will ask for some Island, access to which can be watched, to be placed at his disposal, so as to demonstrate, after a time, the disappearance of all t ace of hydrophobia. England, being an island, might, he thinks, by a compulsory inoculations of dogs, and by watching arrivals, extirpate the malady. A highly comic incident has just occurred at Odessa. The only original Odessa cemetery being quite full is about to be closed and a new one opened in its stead. Two small Greeks, wishing to have one of the most favourable sites in it for a grave, by some unaccountable mis- chance bought the same plot of ground and as they both wanted it, neither would give it to the other. They therefore agreed to submit the matter to one of the district justices of the peace (attacker as stipendiary magistrate), for him to arbitrate upon. He did SO by advising the parties to agree that he who died first should have the right to be buried in the disputed allotment 1 his they both immediately acquiesced in, and left the court highly pleased with the arrangement, each probably very willing that his opponent should have his wish satisfied. The following story is at present going the rounds of the papers The dead body of an English or American lion tamer named Stewart was, it is said, lately found in the room of a house at Bomainville, outside Paris. By the side of the remains was the corpse of an old lion. Stewart had fallen on evil days and went to Bomainville with his lion. It is supposed that he succumbed to an apoplectic stroke, and the lion lay calmly down and died of grief and hunger by the side of his master, Signor Salvini proposes to introduce an extraordinary drama in America. It is called, The Old Corporal During the first three acts the great Italian actor has to go through his part in mere dumb show in act four he is supposed to recover his speech. The arrangement has obviously its conveniences, seeing that while Signor Salvini, when he does speak, will speak Italian ; all the rest of the company are to speak English. Some more details of the literary habits of Mr. F. Marion Crawford have been given. It appears that while he is writing he has a little Roman bowl full of tobacco and a book of cigarette-paper at his elbow and whenever he pauses for thought the time is utilised to manufacture a fresh cigarette. Usually MB favourite cat lies at his feet. The inscrip- tion on the animal's gold collar, by the way, is a somewhat peculiar one. It runs Mr. F. M. Crawford's cat ; whose cat and you ?" A short time ago a Yorkshire bookseller, who was waiting at Thorpach station, near Harrogate, for his train, went into a room there, and on opening the door he saw hanging against the wall an old and curious looking volume, which on examination proved to be a copy of the Rennell of the Historic of Troye," one of the first works printed by Caxton, with the title, introduction, and most of the contents in good preservation. He interviewed the porters to see if there were are more Caxtons in the vicinity, but without success, though he learned that had he been a few days earlier he might have obtained the book in a far more perfect condition. Shortly afterwards he disposed of his lucky windfall to a well-known firm of Manchester booksellers for thirty guineas The Christmas number of the World is entitled " Atlas in Wonderland ; or, the World Upside Down, a Christmas moMmare with an everyday harlequinade." Mr. Yates loquitur : - Tell me not of Christmas numbers, Life and Truth exhaust the theme ; *' Echoed pantomimic lumbers A Vex our bookstalls by the ream." Snows to meet thee, ghosts to give thee Chairward, mistletoe's Bbuso, " '''ants " and waits we leave unto the JAvtrated London Nevm " Art is long and Time is fleeting," Thomas * dull, the Cornhill 8u6\o : Not with secure we competing, a And our gears are in,,, grave " " In theiiroWd's Swan field of battle ยก" We have pitched our tiny tout, Striving, through Baths prattle. To forecast the near east. The following is from IhKRristol Mercury and Daily Post :- "She Rev. li. G. Gange, speaking at Bristol! the other night, said he believed in cares it. prepara- tion at home of sermons for the Sunday, instead of gadding about from hove to house visiting. In his early career, he was earnestly requested by a deacon to visit a member of the congregation who was very ill, and it was suggested that he should fail at 11 o'clock in the morning. He did so, and found the poor woman very much better, but greatly put out at his visit, as she had her hair in curl paper, her sleeves tucked up to her elbows, and was doing a bit of household sweeping and dusting, He begged her not to mind him, as he was used to that sort of thing. He would have a short prayer he would not be long-they knew he never was long about anything. He selected a chair and knelt down ; she selected another, and he commenced the prayer. He heard the door opened once ; he heard it opened a second time. He concluded an earnest prayer on the poor woman's behalf, and on looking round to ! a perfect transformation. While he was praying she had slipped up to her bed-room, washed her hands and face, carried her hair, changed her attire and there she was in her very best silk, fitting prepared to receive company, while he had been praying among the empty chairs." i, j 9 A - , . tJ j x 4 2 6 J 