IJTEST SPOR{TING MHNWS, STHE-V. R. -C. AUTU""N MEETING. (nY TELEGRArPH) (bromn "TouT CELt.) MELBOUkLNE, Sunday.--lhe follofiug ,td ditional itemuis rspecting the above were lodged for us in Melbourne on Sunday, but only came to hind reaterday: As the happy fatner wrote respecting his first-born bhby, it's all over and tite caiila'. name is Authony. There is tmn marked difference, however, for all tipsters, in lud ing myself, and also for the vast array of backers, that the name recorded as winner of the principil event, the Newmarket Handi cap was noe that which had been presettled. Certainly the horse which carried off the. honors of the dsy, and the book makers money, had been heavily backed by his party; but the public iec himn eligiously alone, because the stab.e had been notoriously unlucky, and barely a month ago, tt tue Geelong races, his owner had freely suuportd - him, despite the animal being mud tat, with'th, result of tunning compailatrivly nowhere. . But I am putt ng the cart before the horse in this sort inltrouuction, andmus tcel ih, tsrald's 20,000 readels about the weather, which probably had so much to do with the final verdict.. The evening before the rac? it caoes on to r.ii, a d all night long the clouds charged themselves as if prmiusing a second deluge. Up to ten in the morning this continued, and the odds looked longer agaiust tuo' meeting coming off lsau again;t picking the winner of a:iy named event.. 'At 11 o'clock the sky cleared .and' the stewards thsrefore decided ro run, as thre were minor races arranged for Wyndham on Monday, and at iMoree Valley. on Tuesday, which tixiures would have ueen otherwise 'upset. ihost owvners and ill backers re gretted this ultimat um, as it seemed ceitain th'e flying s x furlongs could not be run true un soft ground; besides the fact that the turf must be terribly cut up during the. three previous rnccs. Notwithstanding these disappointing drawbacks, a far larger attendance than could have 'been Loped fo: visited the famed Plemn con flat. The afternoon turned out quite enjoyable to all but those losers who cannuuot py with a smile. The limits of a telegraphic message being necessarily defined, 1 :hall condense the story of the afternoon into a contnuuous' summary, and not give a description of how each item on the card wa lun when recording the result. .Busines. commenced with the Essendon Stakes, for which Malua started a hot favour to' a level money, though' good judges should have noticed that he had a game teg. (Jommnotion's price was 3 to 2, and he justified h:s defeat of the Melbourne Cup winner, in the Canterbury r'late-by again beating him handsomely, th, litter pulling up very lame, though making a good struggle for victory. Off Colour made a'poor show, hut evidently was not wanted. The Ascotvale Stakes" firnished a hot favouri't- in Monte Christo; on whom 6 to 4 was laid, though.Uralla looked the pink of conditi6n. When nearing' home Monte Christo tired under his 7ibs penalty, and Ellis forced" his filly past her stable compan:on to the disgust of the for mer's friends. The outside public acted in an ungenerous inahner over this surprise, as they unjustly hooted that prince of hones', .ridera, Tom EHailes, who had the mount on •the favourta, being his first ride after an ..illness which, but a fortnight previously, h.*--had threatened;the loss of Australia's lead-' ': ":, .'IThe L ger proved the easy triumph which had been. foretold for Silver King, though ':. many personu fancied Mozart, on the .: strsBigtl ,of his good performance id the Hobart Cup. The race was the slowest e-Bverrutt. : ":",.The -Nemn:rklcet Handicap came ne-t Siud all the thiirty .acceptors faced thefliag, :, Cooniet. going .out a strong favouiite i .at.'5' to 1, J'rometheus. and Sir ;Gar 'net 8, Salvo and Sheet Anchor 10. ..:fter three or four attempts the lot .got well away, except Velocipede; the f., irst colours, to show being Prometheus, LTavingtou, Sheet Anchor, and Coronet The fi.ld presented a fairly bold front a S"the dislaace post, when Sheet Anchorled; but Coronet, ridden by Sammy Cracknell, . here shotoit, follolved bylMiddlemarch, and the trio finished well in advance of the ruck, prominent amongst which were Sir Garnet 'and The Ghost. Th'e heaviness of the .ground is proved by the slowness of time, which is the loogest on record, Mulua's being 4aecs. shorter last year, and yet the stable expected Salvo to eclipse it had the go:ng libing sound. I shall say nothing of. the other two -events, save that the Adelaide filly Duenna effected a surprise in the Hopetul Stakes 'for which the Hon. J. White's Musket colt Matchlock started at. level money, and 'Grace Darling won the Brunswick Stakes, for which Tom Brown's sister, Happy : Thought, had been made a great pot. 