IRISH GHOST STORIES. There is a very strange story connected with an old house in St. Stephen's Green, Dublin, which was at ono time the residence of the gay and beautiful Lady Clare. It was untenanted for a long time, and then taken by some ladies for the purpose of establishing a school. Tho house was quiet and peaceable enough except on certain nights of the week, presumably recep tiop nights, when the doors would be shut and opened; numerous footsteps would be heard, with the unmistakable sound of high-heeled shoes on the floor, and the rustle of silken trains, and all the noise of the arrival of a numerous company of welldressed guests. Nothing was over seen, though people watched constantly; till at last the ladies, with their school, had to decamp elsewhere; and a gentleman, who laughed at the idea of ghosts, took it and went to reside there. But he laughed too soon, for very soon the nocturnal uproar became so unbearable that he, too, had to depart. The house was then taken by some nuns, who doubtless thought that their presence would soon qnell the unholy tumult. But they were mistaken ; the gay company still held high revel on their accustomed nights, till, as a last resource, the house was pulled down, and the Loretta Chapel stands in its place. Irish ghosts are very often as pugnacious and quarrelsome on their return to the world as they were before they left it; indeed, it is not long ago since I heard of a boy being crushed to death by a ghost. This boy, his father his father and sister, were all sleeping in a room in a large house which had the reputation of being haunted by no less than two ghosts, each one vieing with the other in wickedness. The father said he woke up in the night with a feeling of a fearful weight pressing down and bruising him; and though he was perfectly aware that his son was being killed he could not stir to save him. When he at last recovered himself sufficiently to rush out for assistance, the poor lad was dead, and quite black, though without any mark of violence. Probably this might be accounted for by some poisonous gases; but anyhow the ghost got the credit of it. 