MATT; A TALE OF A CARAVAN. » BY ROBERT BUCHANAJe, Author of " White Rose axd Red," " Goo am) the Max," &c.; Chatter XII. — William Joses is Serious. The two men walked together through th6 darkness as far as the door of William Jones'a hut ; then they parted. Mr. Monk struck aCrosS the sapdhills towards his own home, while Jones entered the door of his cabin. He would fain have found that cabin empty, for the memory of that last scene in the caTfl was still upon him. and made him as nervous as a child. Bat the old man was there, and wide-awake, and evidently pleased at his son's return. "Where have you been, William, dear?" said he. The'qnestion was innocent enough in itself, but. it was full of hidden meaning for. William Jones. " Wherejhave I been ? " he repeated ; " at work, to be sure ! " The tone of his reply startled the old m«i He looked up, and saw to his amazement that William was as white as a ghost, and trembling violently. " What's the matter, William dear?" hat asked eagerly. " Have ye seen a wreck, my son ?" " No, I ain't !" responded his son, violently " and look ye now, old 'un, you jest be quiet, and let me alone, that's all 1" The old man, knowing his son's temper, did. as ho was told, and William continued to potter aimlessly about the room. He was certain; trembling very much, and was almost overcome, with a nervousness lor which ho himself could, not account. For he was no coward. To get possession of a prize on the high seas he would have faced a storm which might well mako brave men tremble, not to mention that ho know that he had ou more than one occasioit-. humanely hustcned tho end of shipwrecked sailors, whom he had found and pillaged on tho shore. After these acts ho had been able, to sleep the sleep of virtue without being haunted by dead men's eyes. But now the case was different. Ho had not to deal with a victim without friends, a man whose body,; described as that of a " shipwrecked mariner,", could be buried and forgotten without much ado. In all .probability there would this- time be a hue and cry, and William Jones trembled lest his share in the ghastly business might ultimately be discovered. True, he was not actually the culprit, and so, even at tho worst, he might escape the gal- ' lows — but to a man of his sensitive and affec-. tionate nature the thought of transportation was not pleasant. It was this that made him ; nervous — this that made hitn start and tremble , at every sound. Presently a thought struck him. " Where's Matt? " he asked. " Don't know, William dear ; she ain't been here for hours and hours, Maybe she's on the shore." ' Maybe sho is — I'll go and have a look," returned William. It must not he sapposcd for a moment that William Jones had become afflicted with a sudden and tender interest iu Matt — he merely ; wonted to get quit of the cabin, that was all, and he saw in this a reasonable excuse for walk ing out alone. Ho accordingly made his escape and went wandering off along tho shore. It was ten o'clock when he returned ; ho was still, pale, and drenched to the skin. The old man was dozing beside the fire, and alone. "Where's Matt?" asked William again. "Ain't you seen her,- William dear? Well, she ain't here." William Jones did look a little uneasy this time, and it is but due to him to confess that his uneasiness was caused by Malt's prolonged absence. Erratic as sho was in her movements she had not been accustomed to staying .out so late, especially on a night when the rain was pouring, and not a glimmer of star or moon was to be seen. "Wonder what she's a doin' of ?"saidWil., , liam ; "suppose I'd best wait for her. Hero, old man, you go to bed, d'ye hear — you ain't wanted anyhow. " The old man accordingly went to bed, and William sat up to await Matt's return. He sat beside tho hearth, looked into the smouldering fire, and listened to the rain as it poured down steadily upon the roof. Occasionally he got up, and went to tho door; he conldsee nothing, but he heard the patter of the falling rain, and tho low dreary moan of troubled sea. Hour after hour passed, and' Matt did not como. William Jones began to dozo by the firo — then he sank into a heavy sleep. lie awoke with a start, and found that it was broad daylight. The firo was out, the rain had ceased to fall and tho morning snn was creeping in at the windows. He looked around, nnd saw that he was still alone. He went into Matt's room — it was empty. She had net re turned. Ho was now filled with a vague uneasiness. He made up a bit of fire, and was about to issue forth again in search of tho truant, when all further trouble was saved him — the door opened, and Matt herself appeared. She seemed almost 03 much disturbed as Wil- liam Jones himself. Her face was very pale, her hair wild, her dress in great disorder. She started on seeing his ; then, assuming rather a devil-may-care look, she lounged in. " Your'e up early, William Jones," she said. Yes, I am up early," he replied gruffly ; "'cause why? — 'cause I ain't been to bed. And where have you been? — jest you tell mo that." Why — I'vo been out, of course !" returned the girl defiantly. " That won't do, Matt," returned William Jones. " Como, you'll just tell m'e where you've been. You aiut been out all night for nothing." The girl gave him a look half of defiance, half of curiosity ; thou sho threw herself down, rather than sat, upon a chair. " I'm tired, I am," she said; "and hungrj- aud cold !" " Will you tell me where you've been, Matt ?" cried Willium Jones, trembling with suspicious alarm. Courso I will, if you keep quiet," said the girl in answer. "There ain't much to tell neither. 1 were away along to Pencroes when tho heavy rain came on, then I lay down be hind a haystack and fell asleep, and when I woke up it was daylight, aud I come home." William Jones looked at her steadfastly and long; then, as if satisfied, ho turned away. About an hour later he left the hut and walked along the shore, straining his eyes seaward. But -instead 'of looking stead fastly at. olio spot, as his custom was, ho pansed now aud again to gazo uneasily about him. At every Eound ho started and turned pale. In truth, he was becoming a veritable coward— afraid almost of the sound o his own footsteps on the sand. cnaiier XIII — The Caravax Disajteabs. Several days passed away, during which William Jones showed a strong and sig. nificant affection for his own fireside. He went out a little in the sunlight ; hut directly night came ho locked and barri- caded the door as if against thieves, and declined, on any inducement, to cross tho thres hold. Even had a three-decker gone ashore in the neighborhood, he would bare thought twice before issuing forth info, the dreaded darkness. For William Jones was genuinely afraid : his hereditary calm of mind was shaken, uot so much with horror at a murderous deed, as with consternation that his life-long secret had been discovered by one man, and might sooner or later be discovered by ethers. He did not nut implicit, laith even i:i M---nk ; it was his nature to trust nobody where money ««« concerned. As to returning back to the cava until he had quit ztcoYved hie .eyunimity, that wu sot d the question. Even by daylight be avoided the 6pot with horror. Only in his dreams, which were lark and troubled, did he visit it— to see the face of the murdered man in the darkness, and the hand of the murdered man pointing at him with cold, decaying linger. The day after the murder he had been greatly unsettled by a visit from Tim Liuncy, who de manded news of his master, and said that ho bad not returned to the caravan nil night. Tim seemed greatly troubled, hut gave vent to no very violent ebullitions of grief. When ihe wns gone Matt sat by the fireside, and looked long and keenly at William Jones. What are you staring at cried he, fidget ing. uneasily under her gaze. 'Noivt, ' said Matt ; ' I were only wonder ing— " "Then don't go wondering;" exclaimed the good man . rather inconsistently. Vou mind yotir-own business, and ;dont be a fool ! " And he turned testily and glared at the fire; But? Matt, whose eyes were full of a curious light, was not to be abashed. "Ain't you well. William Jones?" she asked. ".I'm well enough — I am.'" ' Its queer, ain't it, that the painter chap never como home ?" "How should I know?" growled William. "Maybe he's gone back to where he come from;" "Or maybe he's drownded ? Or maybe enmmat else has happened to him?" suggested Matt. ; " Never you mind him, my gal. He's all tight, never fear. And if he ain't, its no affair o' yours or mine neither. You go along out and play." Matt went out as directed, and it was some hours- before she returned. She found her guardian seated in his old place by the fire, looking at vacancy. He started violently as she entered, and made a clutch at the rude piece of ship's iron which served as a poker. " Be it you, Matt ? Lor', how you startled me ! I were — I were — taking a doze." : "I've been up. yonder," said Matt. "Upwhecr?" "Up to the pninter chap's cart. He ain't come hack ; and the man scarchin' for him nil np and down the place." Fortunately it was very dark, so that she eould not see the expression of Jones's face. She walked to the fireplace, and taking a box of lucifers from a ledge, began to procure a light, with the view of igniting the rush- "ight. fixed to the table. But in a moment William blew out the match and snatched the box from her. " What are you dun' of ?" ho cried. " Wast ing the matches, as if they cost uowt. You'll come to the workus afore you're done." The days passed, and there was no news of the absent man. Every dnv Matt went up to the caravan to make inquiries. At Inst one afternoon she returned looking greatly troubled; her eyes were red, too, ns if she had been cry. ing. " What's the matter now ?" demanded Wil liam, who had left his usual seat, and was standing at Ihc door. "Nowt," said Matt, wiping her eyelids with the back of her hnnd. "Don't yon tell no lies. You've hoerd enmmat ? Stop! What's that thcer under your arm?" All at once he had perceived that she carried a large roll of something wrapped in brown paper. Ho took it from her, and opened it nervously. It wns the crayon portrait of her self executed by the defunct artist. "Who gave you this here?" cried William Jones, trembling more than ever. . " Tim." "Who's he?" " Him ns come looking nrter his master. The painter chap ain't found ; and now Tim's goin' away in the cart to tell his friends. And ho give mo this— my pictur' ; he givo me it to keep. His 'master said I were to have it ; and I mean to keep it now he's dead 1" William Jones handed hack the picture, and seemed relieved, indeed, when it was out of his hands. "Dead?" he muttered, not meeting Matt's eyes,' but looking right out to sea. " Who told you he were dead ?"' Matt did not reply, but gazed at William so long and so significantly that the good man. conscious of her scrutiny, turned nud plunged into the darkness of his dwelling. Ail hour later a loud voice summoned him forth; He went to the door, and there was Monk, of Monkshurst. It was the first time thev bad met since they parted ou the night of the murder. Monk was dressed in a dark summer suit, and looked unusually spick and span. " Where's the girl?" he cried, after a whis pered colloquy of some minutes. " Malt, where are you ?" In answer to the call Matt appeared at the door. No sooner did she pcreeivo Monk than she trembled violently, and went very pale. " Come here, Matt." he said with an in sinuating smile. " See ! l'vo brought some thing for you — something prctiy for you to wear." As he spoke he drew from his waistcoat pocket a small gold ring, set with turquoise stones. But Matt still trembled, and shrank away. "I dou't want it — 1 shan't wear it," she cried. "Nonsense, Matt!" said Monk. "Why. it's a ring fit for a lady. Come, let me put it on your finger." So great seemed her agitation, so deep her dread of him, that- she could not stir ; so that when he approached, hughiug autl caught her round Iho waist, he slipped' the ring ou her finger before she could resist. But it only re mained there a moment. With a quick, sharp cry, she tore herself free, and, taking the ring off. threw it right away from her upon the sand. Then, with a wild gesture of fear nud loathing, she rushed iuto the cottage. William Jones walked over and picked up the ring, whilo Monk stood scowling darkly after the fugitive. What the devil ails the girl?" cried the latter, with a fierce oath, pocketiug the pre sent. I dnnno. She's never been the same since — since the painter chap went missing. I'm afecrd ho turned the girl's head." " He'll turn no more heads." muttered Monk under his breath ; he added loud and with de cision, "There must be an end to this. She must be married to me at once." "Do vol mean it, master? When you spoke oh it fust I thought you was joking." "Then you were a fool for your pains. She's old enough and hold enough, and vixenish j enough; hut I'll tame her. I tell you there must be no more delay. My mind's mado up, and I'll wait no longer." Sinking their voices they continued to talk together for some time. Now Mutt was crouch ing close to the threshold, and had heard every word of the above 'conversation, and much (fiat followed it. Wiiea Monk walked away and disapp,carcd, leaving William Jones ruminant at the broken gate, the suddenly reappeared. Curiously enough all her excitement had de parted. Instead of weepitig or protest iug, she looked at William .Tones — and laughed. Monk had left bis horse at the coastguard station. Remounting, he rode rapidly away through the sandhills in the direction of the lake. As he approached the spot of the old oucampincut, he saw that the caravan had gone. He rode ou thoughtfully till he gained the highway, when he pat his liorsc inlo a rapid trot. Just before he gained the gate and avenue near to which he had first encountered Brinkley he saw the caravan before him ou the dusiv read. He hesitated for a . moment ; then hurried rapidly forward, and. arriiiug ehsc to the vehicle, saw the Irishman's head looking round at him ! from the driver's seat. He beckoned, and .Tim pulled up. «' Has your master returned 'f 1 am in- formed that he has been missing for' some' days." ' ! Tim shook his head very dolefully. " No, sir ; sorra sight have I seen of him for three days and three nights. I am going back wid the baste and the house, to tell his friends the had news. Maybe it's making fun of me he is, and I'll find hint somewhere on the road." " I hope von will," said Monk sympatheti cally. " 1 think— licm — it is. quite possible he has. as you suggest, wandered homeward. Good-day to you." So saying, Monk turned off by the gate which they had just reached, and rode away up the avenue. Tim looked after him till he disappcard. Then tho same curious change came over him which had come over Matt after she had been listening to the colloquy between Monk and William Jones. He laughed! CiiArTcr, XIV. — A Bridal Party and a Little Surmise. A week passed away. Tho shadow of the caraTan no longer fell on the green meadow bv the lake, and the straggling population of Aberglvn, unsuspicious of foul play, bad already forgotton both the caravan and the owner. And if facts were to be taken into considera tion in estimating the extent of her memory, Matt too had forgotten. It was common talk now that she, the grammnrlcss castaway, the neglected protegee of William Jones, was to be married to the master of the great house ! Nay, the very day was fixed ; and that very day was only two sunrises distant ; and Monk of Monkshurst had in his pocket a special licence, which he had procured, at an expenditure of £5, from London. Doubtless, iu auy . other more populous locality the affair would have occasioned no little scandal, and many ominous shakings of the head ; but the inhabitants were few and far between, and had little or no time for idle gossiping. The coastguardmcu and their wives were the only individuals who exhibited any interest, and ev6n their excitement was faint and evanescent, like tho movements of a fish in a shallow and unwholesome pool. But the really extraordinary part of the whole affair wus the conduct of Mutt herself. Apparently quite cured of her former repug nance to a union with Monk, she made no ob jection whatever to the performance of the corcmouy, and laughed merrily whon she wns informed lhat the day was fixed. MoDk, in his grin, taciturn way was jubilant. He came to and fro constantly and assumed the manners of a lover. Had he been less bent on one par ticular object two things might hnve struck him ns curious — (1), that Matt, though she hud consented to marry him, steadfastly re fused to wear his ring or accept any other presents; aud (2), that she still shrunk, with persistent and ill-disguised dislike, from his caresses. 