M. BALDWIN - v. M. OAKES. This was an action in which plaintiff claimed £200 for alleged slander. _ Mr. Fitzhardinge, instructed by Mr Norrie, ap- peared for plaintiff; and Mr Donaldson (of Messrs Foott and Donaldson) for defendant. The plea of not guilty was entered. George Baldwin, fathor of plaintiff:, de- posed he is a farmer residing near Grafton. On the morning of the 4th March defendant came to his place, accompanied by his brother. Defendant asked was his daughter in and was told she was. She came out by defendant's request. He said "What is this you have to say about me?" She replied she had nothing to say about him, but that someone had insulted her some 18 months or two yours ago, and sho heard it was the defend- ant. He denied it, and added " You need not talk. I heard you offered three men, in Prince Street fivo bob each." He repeatcd the words, and said he would bring the parties. He (witness) told defendant that he would pay for theso words, if there was law in Grafton to make him do so. On their going away his wife requested them to make an apology, but they did not do so. By Mr Donaldson: Defendant's fathor came down to my place on the night, of the 3rd March, to inquire about some report that had boon circulated, but he told him ho knew nothing about it. Kate Baldwin, wife of the last witness, corroborated the evidence of her husband in reference to what was said. Her daughter was ill for two or three days, from the result of the imputations of defendant. Mary Baldwin, the plaintiff, gave evi- dence to the effcat that she lived with her parents. On the 4th March defendant, accompanied , by his brothor Lambert, came to their houso. Defendant asked her " What have you been saying about me?" and she replied " Nothing." He said " You have," and she made no reply. He then said "You need not talk, I heard you offer three men, one day in Princo- strcet, that you would give them fivo bob." She then said " Do you mean to say that," and he repeated the words. He added " The reason I knew you was because you had a gay coloured dress on." Nothing of the kind over occurred in Prince-street that he attributed. By Mr Donaldson : Remember on one occasion looking into a cornfield, and some young man insulted me. Do not know who it was. Said nothing to defendant on the morning of the 4th about that incident. Mr Donaldson here submitted there was no case, and askod for a nonsuit. His Honor said that as the caso stood it impliod that there was a strong imputation in the words used, and stated that it must pro- ceed. Defendant stated that he was a drover, but bad been for 8 or 9 mouths in the Telegraph departmimt in Grafton. Ho knows the plain- tiff by sight, but not to speak to. On the day named, in consequence of something he heard, he went to her place. Saw plaintiffs father, and told him that he wanted to see his daughter, to see what she had been saying about him. He called her out and she pointed to him as the man who had iusulted hor. Asked her what time and where. She said, " Down in the cornfield." Asked her if she was sure, and she replied she was. Asked her what was said, and she replied something about five bob. She also stated it was 9 months since, and he told her he was not there then. Sho said she was quite sure it was him or his ghost. Asked her who was with her, and she replied Aggie Austin nnd Mary Man- ning, and that it was on a Sunday. Told her she would have to provo her words. Told her that I heard that she said to three men who were in Mrs Ralston's verandah " Will you take five bob," or or something to that effect. She denied it. When leaving plaintiff's place heard her mother say something about a law- suit. Lambert Oakes, brother of defendant, corroborated his evidence. There was noth- ing said about plaintiff offering five bob to anybody in Prince-street. On one occasion witness passed plaintiff and another person at the slip-rails of the cornfield, when abe made some remark, and witness called out " five bob." Baldwin threatened defendant with an action. Alexander Oakes, father of defendant, is a drover. On tho 3rd March, saw Baldwin, his wife and daughter. Mr Baldwin complained of one of his sons having insulted her. Asked her which son had done this, and she replied it was defendant. She told witness that he bad on one occasion offered ber daughter five bob. This was 9 months previously, and be said that his son was not then in Grafton. Alfred Terry, saddler, remembered a certain Sunday 2 years ago. Saw plaintiff coming round the corner of Prince and Bacon streets. On passing some men at the corner she asked them if they wanted the change of a five shil- ling piece. Harry F. Constable, clerk in tho A. J. S. Bank, Maclean, was staying 2 years ago at Mrs Ralston's, at the corner of Prince and Bacon streets. On one Sunday plaintiff, who was passing along Bacon-street, said to witness, "Do you want a fivo shilling piece." . There was another man with him, but not defendant nor his brother. His Honor, at this stage, said it was no use calling further evidence, as he was satis- fied there was no case against defendant. Verdict for defendant, and costs of four witnesses. Tho Court adjourned from 12.57 to 1.40 p.m. , j. LAIRD V. J. HEUTIUMM. A claim of £27 for' a dishonoured cheque. Mr Luman (of Messrs. Meillon nnd Laman) for plaintiff, and Mr Norrio for defendant. Plaintiff it appears in tho ordinary courso of business, cashed a cheque bearing defen- dant's si gnat uro, for a man named Yoolo, who endorsed it. Tho cheque was payable to a man named "Ward. It was, drawn ou a Tenterfield bank, and was not cashed. Barton Lodge, managor of tho A. J. S. Bank, produced somo cheques drawn by defendant on tho Tentorfiold branch. lu comparing theso cheques with tho ono pro- duced, ho had somo doubts as to their being written by the same porson. By a casual observation ono might 'think they wore, but on closor examination ho boliovou they woro not. '' Defendant stated that ho lind changed bis banking account from Tontorflold to Law- rence prior to tho dato of tho cheque. Tho siguaturo to tho chequo in, disputo was not bis, and ho never drew a cheque in favour of Ward. . : ?.. -. ..r.'. ? . . His Honor said it was evident that tho chequo was a forgery. .'.'''"""', Verdict for defendant, and, expenses of ono witness. . a. Kf.i.is V..O. s. sri/Nws. A claim of £32 for ngistinont, Mr Norrio appeared for' plaintiff, awl Mr Dickoy for détendant, ... Tho dofonco was, not indobtod. I'luiiitifE stated that defondimt agroed tn pay for somo horses which wero running on his land nt Nymboida. Tlioro woro on an average six head nm ni ng on his ground. Ho charged ls por hoad por wooli for their agistmont, ' which ho tnaiutaiucd was a rcnsonablo charge Georgo Caroy Btutud that ho saw 5 or 0 horses of defendant's running constantly on plniutilTs laud. ' _?'?' Dofoiidnut stntod that bis land and plaintiffs woro soparated . by a-ridge,' and that ueithor property was soouroly foncod. Thora was an arrangement botweon thom not to turu out cacm other's stock. Ho denied making an agrcomont with plaintiff to pay for his horsoB, nor did plaintiff over ask for payinotir. James iTullor stated that dofondant's horses chiolly.ran at Glenmore. .John Pullór sold dofondant four out ot tho six horsos hr question. Thoy ran in difforcnt places; the foncoa being down they went whore they liked. Saw thom generally at Glenmore Vordict for plaintiff,£30, and oxpensos of two witnesses. ; BEAN AXD co. v. it. antrrn,-. ' A claim of £2 8s, for goods supplied. Mr Norrio for plaintiffs. Defendant said that lio ncvor received tho goods, and called bis wii'o to provo that ho did not. '. Ho produced a uumbor of receipts, on nono of thom wns tlioro any proofaof tho articles in question having boen paid for. Tho caso resolved itsolt into a question of dato; defendant contending that it ho had not boon in town on tho day_ mentioned in tho bill ho could not bnvo received tho goods. Ho had boon in tho store tho day provious, had got somo articles, and had paid somo monoy, but was not_ clear as to what had really boen got or paid for. His Honor bold that tbe mero error of a dato would not invalidate tho claim, aud gave a verdict for plaintiffs. B. E. VAX V. W. OAltltOI,!,. A claim of £30 ls lOJd, for goodB sup- plied. Mr Donaldson for dofondnnt. Tho debt was admitted, but a Bot-of£ was put iu to tho amount of £10, for 10,000 foot of tiinbor, and also a plea of cross action, for breach of contract, for which a furtlior claim of £10 WBB mado. Dofcndnnt, who is a timbor getter on tho Orara, aold 10,000 foot of timber nt tho rato of 2s por 100 foot, at tho Btuinp; A further arrangement was mado with defend- ant to draw tho timber to a pit at tho ralo of £1 por day. This latter was not dono through plaintiff, not signifying wlioro to draw tho timbor. James Forbes stated that plaintiff wanted him to saw somo timber (10,000 feet) that ho had purchased from Carroll. Ho also said ho lind givon 2s por 100 foot for tho timbor, and that Carroll was to draw it to tho pit for £1 por day. Plaintiff said tlioro was somo conversation about purclinsing tho timber, on condition that it wits (it to cut. On inspection it was found not to bo (lt. Verdict for plaintiff for £18 18s ld, and expenses of ono witness. liUROIlAltDY AND WIPE V. JAM ES TULLY, A claim of £18, for breaking and entering certain promises, thomby depriving plaintiffs of tho routs dorivalilo from such proporty. Hr Dickey for plaintiffs, and Slr Norrio for do- fendnnt. William Burglmrdy doposod to loasing tho hotel in Skinnor-stroot, South Grafton, known as tho Post ollico hotel, to defendant. Dy tho provisions of tho now Licensing Act ho was oliligod to mako additions to tho premisas. On an adjacent allotment ho put thc stabling roqiiiroil, and nlso n nmiill shop. This shop had never been usod in connection witli tho hotel. This allotment was not included in tho original louse, but plaintiffs had no objec- tion to tho lossco using tho stables. Tho shop, however, was not to bo UBod" hy Tully, but ho had been offered it at ttio rato of äs per week. Plaintiffs paid tho rates. By Mr Norrie : A man named M'Mahon lensed tho shop at CB poi* wook nt tho timo defendant rented the hotel. Henrietta Burglmrdy, ono of the plaintiffs, confiriucd hor husband's testimony. Albort Schwinghnmmor, son of tho last witness, also gava ovidonco to tho effect that tho shop in quostion was not leased ia con- nection with tho hotel. Defendant stated that bo leased the hotel. He inspected them In company with Burg hardy.' Referring to tho shop, defendant said that bo would put a door and window on tho ahop, and would make a store-room of it. Tc thia Burghanly assented. M'Mahon left two or throe days after défendant got possession, paying the latter half a week's rent. He believed that ho was entitled to the whole of tho promises, ns they wera enclosed ia the same premises when he was shown over them. Verdict fpr plaintiffs for £1 i, end expenses of one witness. Tho oourt was adjourned from 5.50 p.m., till 9 o.m. on Wednesday. ?WEDNESDAY, 12th AOOUST. , D. Prindable v. D.,M'Mahon.-This was a claim that had been paid into Court with tho exception of 10s 2d oxpensos, for which a verdict was given. Tho total amount of tho claim was £21 Us 2d on a dishonoured pro- missory note. Mr Lnmnn for plaintiff. G. Austin v. It. "Wells, a claim of £12 10s lld, for goods supplied and interest. Tho case was ono of disputed accounts, somo of tho item« bein";alleged to havo boon obtained by a brui her. Veritiut for plaintiff, with ex- penses nf HIM witnesses, to bo paid at tho rata of £1 10s per month. G. Dcitz v. P. M'Grath, a claim of £2 15s 7d for meat supplied. A sot-off was filed for £5 10s, of which £3 was admitted. Verdict for defendant is öd, with expenses of defendant as witness. T, J, M'KlTTItrCK V. 1'. M'NAMAnitA. ' This was a claim for tho sum of £23 11s Od paid by plaintiff ou defendant's account to satisfy two verdicts ob tai noil by Hum- phries and Co., and on which writs of ca sa had been issuod, togethor with interest and costs thereon. Defendant's case wns that an amount of £10, charged to him somo 2 veal's ago, was paid on account of tho voruiuts and ex- penses, which at that timo only amounted to within a fow shillings. Attorney for defen- dant claimed, on behalf of his client, that if His Honor thought tho £10 was not paid as contended, ho ought not to bo mndo liable for any expenses subsequent to plniutiff guaranteeing to settle tho debt, i His Honor said thoro was no doubt tho £10 was not paid on account of tho verdicts, but thought defendant should not pay sub- i sequent oxpensos. Ho thoroforo gavo avor dict for £17 2s 3d only, with expenses of ono witness. Mr Norrio, for plaintiff, Mr Lamau for dofondant. ' P. SHEA V. JOHK aHAIt.VM. A claim of £20, for rout of 110 acres of land at Stockyard Point, Little Nymboida, i According to plaintiff's ovidenco, tho paddock was taken by defendant by arrange- ment, at £20 per annum, and tho claim was up to November, 1883, Phillip Slioa stated that defendant told him he had arranged to givo £20 por annum. l'or tho defonco Dofondant gavo ovidenco to tho effect that ho had offered £20 per annum, but plaintiff asked £30, which ho would not givo. Plaintiff then gnvo him permission to uso tho paddock for a short timo, but tho place was not Bccuro, and it was grazed by plaintiff's stock ns well ns others. Ho had novor turned plaintiff's stock out. Wollington Brown stated tho paddock had not buen secure for the hist thrco or four yearn, and his own stock, and those of numerous other 'people, had grazed thero. Fences wore washed away by floods, and had not boon repaired for tho last four years. Dofondant told him he, had offered £20 a year, but that plaintiff would not accept it. Had novor heard that defendant WUB tho tenant, His Houor at this stago stopped tho caso, and gave a verdict for dofondant, with oxpenscs of threo witnesses. Mr Norrio for plaintiff, Mr Laman for dofondant. W. Newby v. J. J. Uough.-This caso was postponed, in consequence of defendant being too ill. to attontl. - By consent ? of attorneys, the case was sot down to be tried at Kooky Mouth, "if dofondant, should bo ablo to appear. .Mri Norrie for plaintiff, Mr Lamau for dofondant. 