\-- 'i\: >: , w TIIE-nrm n 'X!,?." <v DABlIVn l" " sail very fido fo/ybii);.- . a Ipcky girl to wi„ tho ® »>J that I ,, you ask either tho bos, orT>f,d C«P, bnl they'll toll you that Gi«. 5 good enough for anything Vm 1 " en'' H Ghost givo up ovor tho i?'..and w»iio L woro oortain that t fUr'onX!. way in R. Tho w/yly: f'-1- a 10L showed ho .know what ho w """neb tho stable landed a fair iT"3 doi,1l! «»i H glad I put down" thaftTuSS'- 1 ft for ho is not a gftwo 0ll -Britither fairly, carod when I clialln'n / ..' Ha that's nJt Hlco a Britisher fe ELS I stiuacy s a real Britisher1 v >' or ob. H Melbou no Gup is th„ Tb, I AIo ! I dont feel any tho wnr«» / Bu, tory, but two miles is a bit havo yoi boon ; but noitho n, lhai> I reason why I sliould'nt got tlJ cro «»X H .welUs I did the milo a ha," ' I'a the: diver could stay for „ ?r m7 H tho Siij Hercules blood of and should assist mo equally, won „7 u,8«n» journey.; You didn't whUo IT' I Oh. you re quite excusable t j . j insinuations, though! ' - 001 fii, . .. But, about Clip Day, ty.n ,, H : that- tho. Committee made no end ofi,,Wi mcnts tri the aecommodntion-for tb0 ft 9 and- quite right too,, for its the,u I 1 'l 9 bring in tho :monoy, whioli hrinl lll,t horses dnd bookmakers together '0?'' 9 'his .boon dono up. and Zre,ed ii slatl 9 ..possible; the accommodation for tfc" 9 lias boon wonderfully improved , e re ' 9 men Is are, arranged on the ben J li I footing,! while the racing 'ProabcMo ! 9 hotter than at any provioils inooiine n, pito the i un paral leled crowd which i, „ 9 peeled on; tins .ocoasion, ,there,t(ii| . fear of- a .repetition of thri c,mhiMeY '9 poneneqd in Tho Assyrian's year, while tl,. amount M rain which- ha, falka ' £ 1 I his season; assures us of fine weather, ,ad l has, .rendered cpurso nnd " tawn lil-c ,„ I 'Emcfrald bnrpei. Never' bofore hare r,ec„ I suoli vordure and such, a "wonlth of bloom I at this soason of the year is is now to be found: at Flemingtpn; while I'm told that I f'1? Ysso lI!!s yoar ttro so tasteful, ret I . bright, and will bo worn by such a host oE I brigiit-oyod . girls_ that - tho -Stand trill re, I soinblo a living flower Bltow.;-Th6h on the " 9 hill tho aocDminodation for ifa'paTron, has I boon greatly improved,, and , tho whole of I the pnormous crowd expopted .will be ac. I oommodated without cru'siiing'or confusion. I All sorts of amusements are provided to -wilo awny the short intervals between the racesi nnd .whilo evory comfort i, provided I at tho refreshment booths. Tho,o who I bring tlioir o'wri'eomostihlos can have overy nssistanoo and, requisite to make their pic? I riic orijoyiible, whilo visitors to tlio Stand I .will aeo that Air Straker has tliis year ex. 1 oolled all.his previous efforts in catering, 1 Tlio programme is. a good one, and has a I noble entry, indeed. : . I Tjik kailwav Stakes 1 Qpous tlio ball, and hero the cracks aro I slightly handicapped to tho moderate I division by penalties, hut a, a rule the | cracks win ; but'with lloneydew, Moousliee, I Jtavensworlh and O.ikieigli, Isoiioniy, and I First Chester in this, u most exciting con? I , test may be anticipated ; mid at a mile r.ud I a quarter AArinclieslcr might up-ot the lot. I , v Tun Kuxsinoton Stakes I Tlieii 'brings out'a fine field of two year olds 1 aud us hot!) Tlio Nitu und Mudciinn arc en- 1 gagod, it shows that somo rare quality will I be on viow, wltilo The Fobbor, Halcyon, I Diifferin, and Esaie are to tho fore. ()!i, I what an uxeitiug Lime it i, iroiu the imtant I that tho gong givos Llio signal tlmt they nro J away, until tlio colour, of tho winning 1 jacket ilasli by tlio judge. Tun Hunm.n Race j Cnmhs next. In this tlio Agent bond, the list arid I fancy that it i, just possible | that lie, Iloyal Alaid and Duration will | have a say in it, for Air Barnard liaa I inado a rare 1 handicap and a raro contest may bo looked fur. AVIint a host of clerer liorsomon over jumpswo Lave in- Victoria snnd> how 1 llio ladies iovo jumping events. Oertaiiily Melbourrio is' the only place where jumping is seen to perfection. ; THE AIELBOURNI2 cu1' . Now' promises to bo tho greatest race orer . soen over two milos in "Yictoria, fully tliirty? iivo liorsos may bo oxpeclbd to start, nnd eaolt ltorso, owuor and trainer ore confident of victory. AVhat will win i can't pretend to soy, but I know I will try, and with Lord Exeter, Princo Imporial, Stornaway, Slieet'Anclior, Kit Nnl'blos, Acolyte i aud rnyself, a pretty raeo,would rosultlfnff Jbe rost'.wero outof it, "but thoy; nin t;; nnd the ouly advieo I can give is to come -to -otoi-. 'bourne and soo it. And (f you.hrtdtj-l 10 pnddoek go to tlio rails when tlio Cup u h®,nK ruri, fund as. tho; horses turn for ho ablat-- j toir's do you turn also rind look J arid lis long as you livo'Ayou 11 nover lorg tlio sight as tho fucus (urn liko, one ®a ' "following tho flying slcpds ln tnotr.he struggle for tho palm of victory. ; The NunsEiir Haniiicap , Follows lirid'lioro such a host aro cnterea that they'll lake an hour to look at. .5 . TAb'-Yan Yean stakes . . . Follows and this lias oven a greater cnuy sixty horses nominated. " .x.i txf :. '. If this.isri'Bcriorigli "sporl for-ono.dsy anyone ho must bo a glutton/and. ni Paddy eoming witli a foed of , oats . t . , , good byo - ji/'b, "lev). as ;t(iey. s#J;h ... -j Classios. ' '-' 