Bichmond. DEAD ON. *' Sleep on, Richmond Í Sleep in peace and wake in joy,"-SiiAKESrEBE. By COOYAL. TtwtTGrr the beat occasioned hy the late elec tion is subsiding, and (he political blow flies are moiiltíu», a«l Sol has been giving us enough of it this week-and has made n de panure from lus favourite day; for some two or threo years, he lias given us hot Wednes day's-in imitation ol thc " Black Wednes day" of Graham Berry's, in Victoria, but this year the fiery faced old g.id has shifted his venue to Thursday's, lt doesn't matter a great deni whether 'tis hot on u Wednesday, or .i Thursday, to' the public collectively, though to individuals, it may make all the difference. Anyway, in spite of the heat, the absence of political blow flies aforesaid, and the advent of the legitimate ones, and the fact of an ice agency in town, one doesn't discover any of the frozen stuff in the pubs or even a cool drink ; it is really astound ing that they cannot keep their " poison" (vide Australian) in a cool place; ice is cheap for that purpose, even though they do not supply junks of it over the counter. Iced brandy ¡ind S ida is nice-reverse the words and 'twould be rhyme, almost-in spite of being poisou ; but blandy and soda luke warm, is nasty-has, in fact, neither rbvine nor reason in't. In spite of the Reveiend Colville, a disappointed politician, and a few weak brained enthusiasts, people will still gn on consuming such poison and doing many other horrible things-always presuming they are nice ; am1, to tell thetruih, most naughty things are iiiee. There's no denying thc fact, that the people of this wicked world are yet. a long way off pefection-that is, if perfection consist in holiness, self-denial, moderation and utilitarianism. People will " go in" for the greatest amount of pleasure procurable_ whether to satisfy vanity, or a vitiated taste, on the occasion of the Unding of a Cardinal, or the running of a Jot of horses for a couple of thousand guineas. Aft'T all, people are n»t near so bad, as some other people imag ine them to be ; all cannot be saints, and if men will get light, endaneer their blessed backs by behaving indecently to women in the streets, half slaughtering a man in a bil liard saloon because he doesn't wear a von! Mfyeliowandhlnckcrav.it (O for a Police Magistrate!) try to bounce a man in his oi<n house to do what is illegal and tli"ti moralise at the graveside of a v' J tim. Ve. ily. there are a lot of th..>_ ¡ to he cn'ii'eied before any wholesale phin 0f! 'regeneration be entered upon-with all duo re- j «na 0»i$imità iotoícr*»!* nifty found aa TOuoh in one man a» »tioilier, lia matter in grbat stateof life heb^ what position (by Úvíümmit&ifnt; pjt birth) hellas teen pWliforkea Íñioi'x%mi jmy vitae ¿Dd1 ines may gn {^«n^pfd ë. ' ÚWo J «bile a« S ttbdgbt p*rtj«i!*T«t»p,'^ ¿ííilirjff all,-by jnelr lucidity in tliejjmlpit; oh'tbe pluforni, ?nd M.j^^'l^m.V^M.'naB they maybes cômeTaïrRamé for every 1 man's hoof-their «oui» kickedoutof their* tedie«, atiú their characters pasted up un the. street hoardings for fools to gape at. Ai en m ny live sud «nen may die ¡ in the living state tj be feted and made much of, but as soon as the tiny sp; rk has fled back to i he genial old Life- giver some ninety-two millions of miles off this little sphere, other men may wrangle over their dead carcasses, Just as (hey might over a shin-bote or a lump of dog's niO.it in a butcher's shambles-«ndall, of course, in the interests of justice! Thus, in life a man may be a gentleman by profession and prac tice; he may ho the associate of gentlemen, and those who had but tba veneer of gentility -the thin layer of gilt instead of the re J I metal-might even have been tolerate'! ; but as soon us dead, and bis body fit for tile in cinerating furnace, or the worms, bis effects are the omise of trouble-:u Which even the veneered ones do not disdain to take a hand. Faugh! as the old pagan said " Deum vilant ii--"; but stay, as lhere ore only two men in Richmond capable of following the words of the master-and I write lor the Demos. I may us well put it in the vernacular, thus : " Virtue a fl-g-'tis in ourselves we are this and ibis or which might be more fully translated in lin's nimner; "Honour-pro bity, hush! me are just what the world makes us." I NOTICE anotbrr " dead 'un " bas come lo life again-in the columns of your contem porary-one " No Cow Boy," who is sup posed to be a resident of this " loveliest vil lage "-of which cemetery I don't know. Of course, 1 know he is only a ghost-an in visible thing where there is light of any kind, either daylight, gaslight, or oven cmdleligbi; still, tliisuiicanny monster does craw] out of its hole at election times, and it smears its slimy trill nil over ike columns of your con temporary. My predecessor, " Scavenger," got hold of the varmint once, and gave him such a dose nf caustic (lunar caustic, I sup pose), that it wis ashamed to -look " fair Luna" in the f ce, until just lately it has sneaked out agaiu-seeing that tl e coast was clear of " Scavenger," and ibat its friends were once more Ou stilts,* but he forgot, or did not know of such a person as your "Cooyal"-who, rest assured, will soon make short work of " No Cow Boy," or any other negative ghost. I have not troubled you much of late, therefore if you can strain n point, do so, and put my "all rounder " into print; the people out here are looking queer nhout the gills, and an emetic will do 'em all a world o' good. I wi'h to prevent, if possible, things going de mal en pit. dienen MATTERS.-Tho Rev. J. Clerke has been «way fora chango, and Canon Becke has had charge in the interim. This gentle man preached an excellent sermon last Sun day, in which he referred, with much feeling, to the many cases of sickness and death with which we have been visited látele, and par ticularly alluded to the sudden death of the late Di. Mcclintock. Things are very un s itisfactory hero in church ma'.tors, and the most frtr-seeinjr fail to see a bright opening. The Primate has consented to preach hero on the 22nd inst., and the good Bishop's well known Capacity asa preacher should rill our little church twice over. Scuoa MATTERS.-The not proceeds nf the late conceit amounted to £18 odd,- and it is pleasing to know that the amount has been supplemented hy a donation nf two guineas from Mr. Andtew Town, ¡ind half a guinea each from Dr. Woolla and Mr. C. Crisford. Miss Lilian John, we are happy to hear, has been consider'd eligible tor an appointment as nupil teacher, on tho strength of her ex amination in June last; and will, no doubt, receive the reward of ber merit in due course. Almost in the s<imc breath, we have to speak in pain and pleasure ; and we arc indeed sorry to hear of ilit illness of Miss Jessie Perry, one of Mr. Flannery's staff-which, however, we hope will not be of long duration. Ponce.-On Monday. Thomas Staples appeared before Messrs. J. E. Onus, R. H. Docker and F. J. Gow, J's.P., for having on Saturday niirht, assaulted a respectable woman named Ford. Ma Ford Was on a visit to Rielimond, and was passing by Ducker & Co's shop, when the defendant, and other larrikins, met her ; defendant stumbled a-jainst ber, and in doing sn caught hold of the front of ber dress in a most unbecoming man . ner-to such an extent, that she exclaimed at once "could I see a policeman, I'd give the scoundrel in chirac." Just at this mo ment, Constable Armstrong came up and havinu heard the remark, he went to, defen dant, and in consequence of what was Said, arrested him. InCourt.it was not shown (bat the offence was not convjiitted - in fact, defendant's witnesses proved that it had been, and the defendant hiniaelf only excused him self hy urning that it was accidental. After some deliberation the Bench, by majority, (Messrs. Ducker and Gow^l fined defendant £2, or ¡2 weeks in caol. On Thursday, Messrs. Lamrock and Onus dismissed Thonas Griffiihs jnn.. foi rm assault upon james Moitimorc-^ -defendant to pay costs. The BenchJielicvcd that the nssau'thad been coromitteirjpbut that plaintiff had given great provoca lio'rií,'^ík jrfr*^^ . . ^ *.."». "FOR TH« BlOOU IS TUB 1.1«."-Cli&BKK;'S IVoRoD-FUMED BLOOD MIXTUBE is warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities from what over cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Skin and Blood Diseases, and sores ot all kinds.'iu effects are njnrvcUons. Thousands ot testimonials. Sold in bottles. 2s 9c] and ll« eich by Chemists «ml Patorit Medicine Vendors everywhere. Pole Proprietors, TUE LINCOLN A>'n MISL»ND COUKTIES DKUG Co.. Lincoln, Enclsn.i. ONE l:0\ OF CUÎÎKK'S Ti 41 PILLS is warrantcJ ti. tar? all iiiseh:iiers frnujthi Urinary Orj;r.>-i, either-.ex (acquired or consllrationa'.,, Grivet, au'! ruins in ilie. Hack. 'íur'.r.-.ii'eed Crae !. «i Mcrctrv. Po'd in IV xis. 4s fid enc \ hv «ll . .-ni*** nul Pat'. MidiciiK.-Vfridrre; :-'>'<. Pro. f.r.r. THF LINCOLN A ten Vin:, ASH I'P-VTIFS I'i.i'0 ¡ a.. L' -eoi'ii, ¿'upl.mil. Wh^.-.salc u'.ill thc VTua'.esuk H»ase.e. 