PARISIAN KCHOES. PARIS, 17th January. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The anxiety, or rather curiosity, is very s tro n g to know the next move of the English Cabinet on the Egyptian question. Excepting the very out and out journals, that desire to aee tUeimbroglioammaibed between France, and England, in order that France might re gain the footing she forfeited, people cannot see any insuperable difficulty in tbe financial sense of a settlement. So long as the Euro pean Cabinets are not prepared to- back up their diplomacy by aote, the strength of Eng will consist “in sitting still," that iB to say, not to quit the valley of the Nile till the work she uudeit'jok to do—with the approval of Europe—be accomplished. By this time, the sufferers from the bombardment of Alexandria —and that could have been avoided, had- France stood resolutely, as she was in treaty bound, alongside England—now know where to attach the blame for the delay in the pay ment of the indemnities. It may be,reserved for the Shylnck bondholders to tear their hair and clothes, leraelitish fashion,. for refusing the English solution. •;' There can be no settlement of the Egyptian question with England. That would be Ham-, -let without Hamlet. ’ She has bad enough of Conferences. How Bhe must take her stand. Her non possumut will try all the mischief making ability of Prince Bismarck. His ob jective is to develop ill- feeling between England and France, and he will bot be very scrupulous about the ways and means. The only “action” England,ought to take in the midst of the. mantraps and spring guns set for her, consists infirmness in attitude and determination of tone.' She has lost ground by her inconsisten ciee and timidity, so the continental Powers naturally considered her as a softy."' Only one Power can regenerate Egypt, and that is England. She has put her hand to the plough; better not look back, and tell all whom it may concern there must he an end to. the game of tripping up, because united England so de crees it. The Mahdi is considered to be already dis posed of, so opinion is occupied as to what; will-be done with the latest False Prophet.; To hand him over to the Sultan would mean an iron-cage promenade round Constantinople,' winding np with a hanging as high as King Hamlin. It is not doobted that England will try. a *' protectorate” over Eastern Soudan up to the Bed Sea, and so save both Germany and Francs the anxiety and necessity of 'stepping into the region as she scuttles out. Bismarck laid down a ■ great State ought never to give up territory. To this he has recently added, “ and ought to grab all it cab." ' France is occupied with Timbnctoo; Bhe has Bent a mission there' to look up “ who’s who” among the nomadic Sultan's. The death] of Colonel Rondaire will not, it seems, prevent the carryiug out -of his projectr-thnt .of converting the Sahara into- au : inland sea, having au exit and an entrance at Gaheß and- Southero Tunisia. This would be superior : to . the scheme of a grand trunk railway to Tim biictoo. M. de Lesseps asserts the Mediter ranean will be let in. on the Sakata, aud that he has the money. to execute - the works. Already the name of the port hae been selected —on the sea side it will be "Rondaire,” at the desert end "De Leeseps;” and may it emile like the latter ! The certain annexation—which is the second Btage of “ protectorates”—of Cambodia is ex pected to lead to counter annexations by.the Indian Government in Burmah. It is accepted as a fait accompli that the . Ring of Siam, in order to provide against rainy days, baß made his calling sure with England. If Prince Bis marck doeß not make hißte, there will not be a spot on the globe left for him to coloDise. It was only Shakespeare who, having exhausted worlds, imagined new. The Australian opposition to the “expan sion" wants of old Europe .attraot very con siderable attention. How, ah charity com mences at borne, Australia is quite right to look after her otvn expansion necessities; statesmanship ounsists in foresight, and the colonies of to-day will be a nation to-morrow. It is too bad, after the Southern Cioss opened up the Pacific, that its defenders should be called upon to limit their legitimate aspira tiuns to suit the whim of a German Chancellor or the obsolete penitentiary pr- j-cts of France. Tf tbe Australians continue united and firm, they will compel the Teutons to go colonise elsewhere—say the Ouneroon countries. And they must not'allow themselves to be vic timised by tbe shilly- shallying of the Colonial Office. Force the latter to act, and the craz9 for colony-grubbing, like body snatching, will soon cease. • What would the United States be to-day if Bhe permitted Germany or France to obstruct ber manifest destiny ? Mexico is a hint that Germany might ponder over with prrfit. There is no prospeet of peace between France and China; on the contrary, the preparations on both sides appear to be more formidable and resolute. Which of the two quakere will hold out the longer 1 That is the question. Beyond tbe stereotyped Jeremiads of ihe anti ministerial press, and the horn-blowings of the official journals, there is no expression of opinion, or an undertaking, big with the fate of Cato and of Rome, The new War Minister, General Lewai, in an explanation to tbe Chamber, bus just stated he is a stranger to politics (that curse of French life); he regards his appointment as signifying that France does not wish to retire from Touquin; then as ahe must go forward, be will do his beat to ensure vigorous action. If no defiuite results be ob tained by this “ new departure,” there will be an ugly quarter of an hour to explain how the money goes. Thegeneial is opposed to the formation of a colonial army, with head quarters in Algeria; he is tight, the men to compose it could never be secured. More important still, he asserts any drafts for China, taken from the home army, will not weaken it. This is far from btiog the opinion of professional men, and the Alsatian party is at a white heat for tbua weakening the forces of the cuuntry, which have only one task to accomplish. The Comte d’Hdrisson has just published his “journal.” He was on the staff of the army of Paris, pending the siege. Speaking English and Gorman fluently, he was an indispensable actor in all tbe negotiations with Germany. It was he who wrote the capitulation of Faria as dictated by Comte Moltke. M. d’Hbrissou saw a good deal of service in the Chinese war, under General de Montauban. He states, respecting the present conflict, that is for France ” a most frightful adventure; the Government dnea hot know to where it is conducting tbe nation; it is a bottomless gulf, where all leadiog up to it has been characterised by unexampled blundering.” Tho volume abounds in anecdotes of contemporary celebtities; thus the Piincess Clotilde, when the second empire collapsed, refused 11 to bolt.” Asa king’s daughter ebe displayed the pluck of Victor Emanuel, ao she departed in an open carriage and was respectful'y saluted by the crowd. The Committee of Hationai Defence voted themselves a salary on the base of 50,000 franca a year. It was Rochefort who put his foot down on the plan, he refused all indemnity as a member of tbe. Provisional Government. It was M. d’ Herisson wbo was directed to collect and pack up all the per sonal effcc's of tbe Emprees, and to forward them to her. He was one of the party sent to the outposts to claim the body of General Guilhelm, who was killed by no less than twelve balls. The remains were catried by the Pruesi-ne on eight Uhlan lances, covered with flowers and- foliage. As . it passed along the Prussian sentries and guards Saluted the body with all solemn and military honors. He found the duplicate of a despatch from the Empress to her husband, imploring him on no account to come to Paris, as bis presence would be considered cowardice, and would give rise.to a frightful revolution. She told him to remember how the Prince Napoleon’s career never recovered from bis bolting from tbe Crimea. Perhaps the most curious docu ment is a draft proclamation from General Trocbu to the Parisians, telling them to have every confidence'in the result of the defence of the capital, with the usual’ fireworks about love of country, self-denial, &c.; This practical joke was dated the very day of tbe capitulation. Trochu lamented he hRd an army that would not fight, and a national guard that would not surrender. SI. Audrieux continues to furnish very poignant details while he wbb Prefect de Police, during the infant days of the present Republic. He states that everybody whoi ia anybody has his -biography entered' in tbe police .arohives. Haturally, on entering oh duty, the first act of M. Audrieux was to-look up bis own life written by the detectives. - He found a mass, of details quite new to many incidents that he had forgnttvkrecovded. Ther detectives, it seems, detect themselves. There does not appear to be any difficulty in tagcjog. on additions. All is grist that comes to the mill.- Each emploj Abrought thedoiricr of Sua life for M. : Audrieux to read. "All this may explain the eagerness of the Communists to. burn down this State paper office. Thanks to a timely tall of snow, the unem ! ployed have some.woik in keeping the streets' qlear. •, Judging ftbm the poor fellows, that ir hot their ordinary ; caUing. ..Tbe . attempt to bold a monster meeting of the: faungtyr classes the bpett alt:h*V-w*ai provoke a collision with the polfce and treppe, as a riot would 'certainly ensue.' .. There ia nothing ; markedly atnaeing eithjr ineide or outside the theatre*. However, we hare the '• ■ Anti-DeieU.V They "are a; eociety of lunatics, who have for sole aim to eradicate the name God (Dieu) 1 from,, all conversation and writing.'f Expulsion" from f the society W; the sole penalty, just’as other codes have only ; death. In Bugciba*. Sardou depictß his club of freethinkers, .whp-.infliot a fine of.halloa franc on any member., who; pronounces., the. word God. ‘ Laws, Become more severe with ; progress, it seems. It looks fyrannoiiato ostra cise .a man for bidding a friend ‘‘ a-Dieu, pr invoking a benediction when be sbeFZes. , . The “ Poljmorpbists" are a droll set. A leading artiste (not Sarah. Bernbajdt). gaye a Id'e a few evenings ago. At midnight, the “ Ghost Quadrille" was played, the .ladies and their vis Avis being clad in windiDg-sheetf. Then ensued a kiud .of- hide-and- seek around coffins; finally the latter aerved ae a supper table. The drinking cups were skull pattern, and on the plates was a border of cross-, bones. ' ■. The Exhibition of 1889-will be.a permanent■ structure, the site of the Champa de Mars having been obtained for that purpose. . It is. not yet decided whether the building will be a gigantio whole, or an . aßBembly of little structures. Why not every exhibitor be allowed to erect hia own temple—of fame? “ Indicate the reforms necessary for Prance V was the subject given' fo the collegians of. Boulogne-sur-mer to try their ’prentice poli tical hands upon.' ; The Jlepubltque Pranqaiie objects to the clergy praying for the Government-even for ; nothing. . .. - - - 