[?] answers to correspondents. TIIE TURF. pernio.— The Epsom Derbjr, 1885, Is to be nul for on tiio 3nl of June. IL Mlnervn, ridden by llftles, started first favorite, but failed to get ft place. \Y J , Craiibournc.— Mr. T. Watson's stecplcdliasc horse, King John, Is 15 years old. MfSKCT.— 1. Remus carried 7 at., and wis ridden by Cmcknell. 2. Antonio's colors- were green with wliite S S.D.— Mr. George Vowles was Judge. St SiMosr.— Mr. A. IL Hoburtson'g colt, Dmilop, Isby Kcckcrsgat— Etta. Crnlla, by Chester— Moonstone. I.O.U.— Archer was tbo only horse that ever won two Meibounio Cups. Off Color.— Tlio starters were Commotion, DftvM, Silver King, Off Color. Frying Pan mtdTremnnda R. MT., Albnry.— It is tho same horse, the other is by King of the Ring, . Dead Heat— 'i"ho dead heat was between First Prince mul Manchester for thin! plncc ; Monto Cbrlsto was first and Ringmaster second. F. D., Sandhurst. — William Wilson, son of Mr. James Wilson, of St. Attains, rode Don Juan when he won the Melbourne Cup. S M.— Mr. II. Wftison, who rode Mcrndcr ntjCnulflold on that occasion, Is not a son of Mr. George Watson. Moz.\kt.— Pnnncthcus's time in tho Frco Handicap wfts2niin. 9$ sec.; Graco Darling's in the Brunswick Stakes 2 min. 12| sec. Itrr.ixAi,t>. — Panic. undoubtedly. gt S.— Sho was trained at Caulflcld by Mr II Conolly. N Jura.— They arc not identical, Cnmeo, dam of Topaz, being by nn Imported mare by Camcrino, from Patience; while Cimico, dam of .Sussex, Is by Eimsdalo- from Catciifly, and bred by Jlr. W. J. Danger, of New South Wales. IlLEXnnut.— TJio field was made tip of Phantom (Mr, Yeciul), Cupola (Ml. Eraser), Regulator (Mr. MMtland), The Ghost (Mr. Duffctt), Hunter (Mr. Maxwell), and King Sol (Mr. Lang). The result was Phantom, 1; Cupola, 2 ; Regulator, 3. M. K. , Dnnolly.— Sheet Anchor U said to havo changed hands, and lias returned to T. Wilson's atnbles, at Dow- ling Forest VioTom'AH.— Honeycomb is own sister to Country Coy, Country Girl, and Village Lad. S H., BeecUworth.— Lamplighter, who receiUly died, was out of Gaslight, dam of Illumination, Fireworks, Guswortts, Retort, Gasoline (dnm of Gasaller), and Linkboy. E. L, Rnnlnyong.— Iroh Hand, by Tubal Cain from Iicrflm, was bred by Mr. S. Gardiner. L. C.. Uoort.— KiUttiff rode Chippenham when ho won tho V.R.C, Grand National Steeplechase. 2. Punic started first favorite. Topaz.— He. carried 8 sh when lie won tho City Handicup, of 1 mile; time; 1 min. 44 see. > Pascoh Vale.— Ironmaster won the Maiden Plato at Moonec Valley as a 4-ycar-old. 1). U'D. — Tantaliser Is by Firoworks from Tease. Fritz.—' When Napier won the Maiden Plato, CapH ran second and Dukedom third. . Pocaho.vtas.— Her namo docs not appear in the Stud Sort. COURSING. Steward. —1. The case being sub Judice, wo decline offering an opinion. 2. Yes; the owuer of the greyhound objected to must also deposit tho sum of £5 and prove the correctness of his entry. All expenses In conse quence of the objection shall be borne by the party against whom the decision may bo given, unless in the opinion of the committee no expenses should be awarded. Should an objection be made wblch cannot at the time 1>c substantiated or dlsprorcd, the greyhound may be allowed to run under protest, tho stewards or committee retaining his winnings until tho objection tins been withdrawn, or beard and decided, If tho greyhound objected to bo disqualified, tho amount to which lie would otherwise havo been entitled shall be divided equally among the dogs beaten by him; and if a piece of plate or prize has been added and won by iiiin only the dogs which be beat in the 'several rounds shall linve a right to contend for it. Amateur.—' The Utter In question was bred by Mr, Harvey Patterson. FOOTBALL. Trno.— There is no minimum distance provided Tor in fho rules, but Law I. distinctly states that /Tho dis tance between the goals shall not be more than 200 yards end tlie width of tho playing ground not more titan 150 yards. R. It, Richmond.— In that ease B. was tho offender for holding tho ball, and A. was not oniv justified in holding him but should havo been awarded a free kick. H. M. It— A junior club lias no right to expect one of Hie senior clubs to play them unless tho juniors piny 23 men; nor is It deslruhlo. Thccontcst would probably be uninteresting in the first place, and if not tile seniors would have everything to lose and nothing to gain. Don't fly at gnmu bryotul your reach, but be satisfied to work to the front gradually. Punt.— Tho Australasian I mrs are those of tho origi nal Victorian game revised at a conference of inter- Colonial delegates, held on 9tU November, 1833. They are observed in Sydney and Adelaide as well as Mel bourne. CRICKET. J. R. C., Lillydftlc.— If tho airing round tho hat inado it measure more than 4 inches ft could be objected to. Pioneer.— II. II. Stephenson is living in F.nglanil, mid follows the occupation of professional cricketing Average.— We ngreo with you as to the classifica tion; you will seo by our contributor, uM!d-oiiV re marks on tho past season, that bo has not followed the «y stem to which you refer. ATHLETICS. Inquirer, Nnmurkah. — It is certainly unnecessary for you hi your present condition to do long strong work in training. If your races uro coming off soon, give most of your time to sprinting and practising starting, doing the longest distance, occasionally at a good working pace, but not at top speed. What you have now to avoid is tho risk of over doing it and getting stale. Un less you huvo over estimated your present capabllltv, you should be very hard to beat. CARDS. S. lh— Three C's and two 3's count 20. Long Wrist.— With such a hand it was not incum bent on you to return your partner's lead. By playing trumps you were almost certain to gi two.hr 