CHAPTER XV. THE KINGS AND QUEENS OF ENGLAND. The ChriBtmas week was ended, yet. none o! the guests felt inclined to leave Neath. The holiday had been bo pledsant—every variety of old English sport and pastime had been in requisition—charade parlies, balls, private theatricals; they had almost turned night into day; yet, the day was not long enough. It was a time never to be forgotten by those who enjoyed it. Lady Castlcmaine and Miss Hyde were the two queens; Lady Castlemaino yonng, beautiful, gifted with high spirits, al ways bright, always ready to enjoy everything to its fullest extent, was the leader of the revels. Isabel Hyde, beautiful and graceful, too, followed her lead, and no ■ one knew of the shaddw of tragedy that hung over her, or of her terrible vow. “I have been so happy here,” she said, one morning, “ that I shall not like going array.” Ton need not go away; stay until the end of January; I shall be delighted, and I cm sure Rudolph will.” Her heart ached just a little at her own treachery ;*the fair face looked so smilingly into hers; the blue eyes were bo clear and guileless; the invitation bad been so corui diy given. Yet she knew that her only object in stopping with them was, that she might work her cruel will and part them. Good impulses came to her at times and pleaded for them— pleaded to her to go away and leave them— to put Lord Castlemaiue out of her life—to be true to the beautiful woman whom she called What harm had they done to her ? Lady Caetlemaine had not taken her love from her by treachery; neither had the carl been her lover, for the love was all on her side, not on bishe had never even bean conscious of it. There were times even now when Bhe Blmost wished that Bhe had let him see how mnch she loved him; and yet she would have lowered her own self-respect, and lowered it in vain, for from the moment he beheld Ger trude he had neither eyes nor ears for any one “ I do not think,” she said to herself, bit terly, “that if I had gone on my knees-to him, to pray of him to marry me; that if I had been as beautiful as Venus, and descended like a queen, that he wonld have married There were times when she gave herself np to wondering over the strange problems of life; as to why it was that she, who could have been so happy, ehonld find the whole world so dark and dreary because the love of her life was given to one who did not love her. She never reminded herself that it was her own fault—that she had voluntarily and willfully encouraged that love to grow in her heart, knowing it to be nseless; that she had given free rein to a passion that should have been crashed at the first. She blamed Pro vidence, circumstances, fate, chance—any and everything, except herself. Of all the impulses that oame to her, of all the good thoughts and the bad thoughts, none were strong enough to cause her to falter in her pnrpose. Her purpose in life was to separate husband and wife—to kill the great love that lay between them, and pnt hate in its place. She worked perseveringly and industri ously ; Bho never allowed the slightest ohanoe to pass. If she could possibly make Lord Castle maine impatient with his wife, if she oonld irritate him against her, if she could rouse obstinate self-will that was so strong within him, she wonld be happy. If, by some laughing taunt, some sharp, eynieal remark, she could rouse Gertrude's pride against her hnsband, she felt one degree nearer vietory. Yet it . was all done with such skill, suoh craft, such snbtlery that it was impossible for her to be detected. She never lost one ohanoe. One morning Lord and Lady Castlemaine, Miss Hyde, and several other visitors, were together and were discussing tableaux vivanta for the evening. “Let us have-one tableau from that most picturesque period of English history, the reign of Henry the.Eighth,".said Lady. Castle-, maine. She turned' to her hnsband with a smile. “ Which of all King Henry’s wives do you prefer?” she asked. He was silent for a fewjninutes, then ha replied: * “ Catharine of Aragon,” “And I,” she said,“prefer AnneBoleyn. I do not believe any of the seandala about her. She was a beautiful, unhappy woman. Anne Boleyn is one of my favorite heroines in.history.” “ There is one thing about her that I can never nnderetand,” said Isabel Hyde,-“and it is, how the king could bate her eo deeply after loving her so much.” “ There you touob upon a strange meta physical question,” said Lord Castlemaine. “ It is said that love turned to hate ia the most bitter hate of all.” “I cannot imagine hating any one who has been dearly loved," cried Lady Castle maine. “I can,” interrupted Isabel. “Iagreewith Lord Castlemaine; love turned to hate is the most bitter hate of all.” “ You remember,” said Lord Castlemaine, “ that most expressive line: “ Hell knows no lory like a woman scorned.” He spoke qoite unconsciously, not thinking at all of Miss Hyde. But she gave him one glance—it said so much that if any one had xnterpretedit, that person must have under stood the position at a glanoe. “Love turned to hate,” sighed Lady Castle maine; V the idea, is a very powerful one. I wonder if there is muoh. wasted love in the world." : » Yes,” said Isabel Hyde, briefly, " you may be quite ran of that.” You must read Evangeline,” eaid Lord Castlemaine, and sea what Longfellow says about wasted sffeotious. He declares that affection never is wasted.” “ I do not believe,” said Isabel Hyde, “.that he could prove his words. But we are going a long way from Anne Boleyn. You would like a picture from that most troubled time, Lord Castlemaine?” “ Yes,” he Baid; “ I have often thought how interesting a series of historical tableaus would be—one taken from each reign. It would he interesting and amusing.” “ You would be King Henry,” said Isabel; “ but, Lord Castlemaine, you do not look the part. King Henry was fair, and florid, and stout; you are dark, and—and—I was going to add, handsome; but I must not say that." She added in her own mind that -he had indeed the grand, dark'beauty that pic tures give to Spanish kings, and her eyes told her thoughts plainly. “ If we have that tableaus,” 'said Lady CaBtlemaine, “ I should like to be Anne Boleyn am sure I eould act a oharacter that is familiar to me, and one that I like.” “And I,” said Miss Hyde, “ should like to be Catherine of Arragon.” “ She was old and plain,” interrupted Lady Castlemaine. “She was his wife” replied Isabel; “he loved her first and best; he loved her well and faithfully—for how many years ?” “ He loved Anne Boleyn more in the few years of his wooing and his marriage, than he did Catherine, spreading his love over all those years.” “I wonder," eaid Isabel, “which of his wives he really loved the best. Each one seemed to have separate and different charac teristics. Catherine was ‘every inch a queen,’ a royal lady, true to God, and to duty. What she must have suffered when she found her husband’s love going from her to one so young and beautiful as Anne—the tortures of jealousy, the fear, and the doubts. I should say that no woman ever suffered more.” “ I hope not,” said Lord Castlemaine. “Then,” continued Isabel, “comes your favourite, Lady Castlemaine. Her one characteristic seemB to have been her bright, wonderful beauty—her laughing, coquettish nature. But what a short-lived triumph 1 While the king wooed Jane Seymour, how she must have suffered in her turn all the agonies that she inflicted on Catherine 1" “ Jane Seymour must have been very beauti ful,” eaid Lady Castlemaine. “ She was young, fresh, and fair, history Bays. I should think she was shrewd and calculating. She had eeeu a queen deposed to make room for Anne Boleyn, and she re solved that Anne should be deposed for her I do not think that I care much for her; a colourless character, I think.” “ Then comes a character whom no one loves—a character,without romance or poetry —Anne of Clevo3. I have often wondered where Cloves is.” “ She walked in and walked out of history,” laughed Isabel Hyde.' “ Then comes a wife for whom I have always felt greatest sorrow, sympathy, and pity—that pretty, wilful child, Catherine Howard; she was but a child. I was reading Bomewhere, the other day, that the night before her execution her cries were so terrible and so appalling, that strong men who heard them trembled. “ I wonder,” cried Lady Castlemaine, “that the whole nation did not rise up to a man and tear the monster from the throne. That is the most wonderful part of his history to me—that he was allowed to' live.” “ Then come3 the last wife of all, Catherine Parr. I always think of her as a motherly woman, dreesed in gray or brown, and muoh given to serious riding." “ Perhaps onfus death-bed*” said Lady Castlemaino, “ hSgaw the ghosts of his dead wives—Catherine; tvhom he tortured to death by breaking her heart; poor murdered Anne Boleyn; Catherine Howard, Blain in her early youth ; Jane Seymour, whom he forgot as soon as she was dead. Now, which of these wives did he love best ? ” “ Catharine of Arragon—there can be no doubt of it,” said Lord Castlemaine. “ She was the love of his life—they were but' the loveB of an honr.” “ Bo you think a man ever has two loves in his life ? ” asked Isabel Hy de, and she looked with a clear, straight glance into the earl’s “ No,” was the prompt reply; “ every man has one love that is above all others, and which is never repeated; ” and he, in his turn, look ing at his beautiful young wife, seemed to Bay, “ Such love as is mine for you.” This did not please Isabel, who could read his thoughts as plainly as she could hear the outspoken words of others. She turned the con versation baok to its own channel. “ I wonder,” she said, Blowly, “ what people would do in these days if an English king be haved in such a way." “ They would give him short shrift,” said Lord Castlemaine, quickly. “ Englishmen, in these days would not stand by in silenoe, while a young and beauti ful queen was beheaded,” said Lady Castle maine. “ People would soon begin to want to know more of the divine right of kings.” “ If we have the tableau,” interrupted Isabel Hyde, promise me that I Bhall be the wife the king loved best, Catharine of Aragon.” “Iwill see to that,” laughed Lord Castle maine ; and Lady Castlemaine smiled as she “If the poor Queen Catherine had been one half so fair as you, there would have been no Anne Boleyn. 