[CO- ..fTLNTJKB FROX SA.TUKft.Vt'S SUPPLEMENT.] martin deyeril'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL .. TBY ADELINE SERGEANT, AUTHORESS OF "jACOBl's WIFE," ETC, ?[ALT, RIGHTS RESERVED.] FCHAPXER XVIII.-OLD ACQUAINTANCES, " Have you come back ?" he stammered at length. "I thought that you-that yon " _" That I was drowned ? I have no doubt you did," said Le Breton, with a rough laugh. "But here I am, you see, alive and hearty ; and, as I thought that you would enjoy a chat about old times I came on here, and took the liberty of making a transfer of wardrobes. Your togs don't fit me very well, old boy, but they're more comfortable than the things they lent me on board ship." Clifford did not speak. He turned -ap the gas, stirred the fire, and examined the contents of a trac that stood at Le Breton's elbow. There was a half-emptied bottle of brandy, upon whick he laid his hand. Again Robert Le Breton burst out laughing. That's right, old fellow; steady your nerves, by all means. It's discomposing to see ghosts, I know. But I'm no ghost, after all; good honest flesh and blood, I can assure you." ? " Honest!" muttered Gllifford, with a sneer that was not lost upon his companion, although the words seemed to slip out from between his teeth half against his will. " Honest !" He poured a little brandy into a glass and drank it off at a draught, passed a scented liaud Jcerchief across his lips-whioh had grown paler than usual-and then contrived a very creditable amilo. "You're always -welcome, Le Breton," he said,, "wherever you go. No doubt you've learned that [act by this time. Of course, you have tak^n mo a little by surprise, but you oltsn used frj qo B0) if j revnomber aright." " Ves, I diJ," answered Le Breton, thought ifully, "I did. And you were about as quick in getting over your surprise as anybody I ever knew." Clifford bent his brows. There was some allusion to the past in Le Breton's words which did not please him. " I suppose you will want supper !" he said, dryly. . " Not I. Your slavey-charwoman-what ever she is-has given me a good beefsteak already. All I want now is a smoke and a chat before we turn in." " Do you suppose that I am eoing to give you abed?" "Idon't suppose it; I know it. Bed, break fast and dinner too, if I choose; and a new rig Out, and money in my pocket. That's what I Want from you, Mr. Clifford Vargrave; and What's more, I mean to have it." "Now, look here," Baid Clifford, sternly, " that sort of talk won't go down with me, Robert Le Breton. If you insult me, you know that you will have to pay for it. I acknowledge that you can do me a great deal of injury, but it would be injury that I could get over; whilst, if I open my mouth, I could ensure penal servitude for you for a good term of years-perhaps for life.- We are on pretty equal terms, and you need give yourself no airs of bravado about your power." Le Bretonjlaughed almost genially. " Here's a burst of passion!" he said, with a ] touch of burlesque in his tone. " You must be taking things very much to heart, Cliff, before you wort yourself up to such a pitch as that. As to b&tug; on equal terms. I deny it. I don't care a hang whether I see the inside of a prison ,or not. My friends won't cut me if I am tried ?for fraud and forgery, and all that sort of thing. 'Penal servitude for life !-that's all bosh. I should get off; there's not evidenco enough to ,convict me. But you-you go in for the super -Jme gentleman, heavy swell line of business; you know well enough how some of the stories that i£ could tell would affect you. You were a pre vious queer lot, Mr. Clifford Vargrave, when I liad the pleasure of your acquaintance in Berlin, .at Baden, and at Monaco, not so very many years ago." Clifford stood motionless; his face assumed a yellowish pallor which somewhat belied the boldness of his words. His dark brows were «till bent, more in perplexity than in wratii; his eyes sent out an evil gleam as he listened to his visitor's insinuations; and he bit his lip savagely, ;SO that the blood began to start. He took out ibis handkerchief again, and touched his mouth ?with it softly from time to time as the conversa ti6n proceeded. The little red stain upon the white cambric handkerchief seemed to annoy Le Breton; he glanced at it with evident dis comfort. "Put dow n that white rag and liBten like a man, can't you ." 'ie growled sulkily. " Leave your mouth alc/ne, and attend to me. " Sorry if it a.nuoys you," said Clifford, seat ing himself and i eating his elbows on the table, and his chin on hi 3 hands. The handerchief was still pressed to his mouth; possibly it was a re lief to him to be able to con oeal that tell-tala feature. He looked Le Breton well over from head to foot, and then asked a question in a tone which showed that bis nerve was returning. "With whom have you been lighting ?" he said, ^Le Breton involuntarily touched the ra ad bar which Giles Ivinglake s stick had raised loft red - across his face, and burst into a volley of impre cations upon the giver of the blow. Clifford listened in cont emptuous silence, and not until Kinglake'a name was mentioned did he exhibit any special interest in the mattor. Then indeed he lifted his eyebrows, and made a slight interrogative comment. "That fellow, was it?" "Do you know him ?" " Slightly. He's in my way." Le Breton suddenly stopped short in his tirade, and looked at Clifford from boneath his brows. Clifford's face did not change, but his eyes had assumed an expression of venomous hatred which boded no good to the man of whom they had been speaking. "I see," said Le Breton, with a nod of his head. " You want him shelved." "Yes." "What for?" Clifford looked at him curiously. " Can I trust you ?" " Is it a good thing?" " Very-for you as well as for me. " " Then I'm your man, Cliff, my boy. Come, what is it ?" "You say that Ifinglake struck you when you mentioned--" " Cicely Lorraine. Yes, confound him ! As if she wasn't my own second cousin !" " Even second cousins should bo mentioned with respect," said Clifford, coolly. "What did you say to Kinglake V" "I throw it in his teeth that he perhaps wanted to repair his broken fortunes by mar riage, at whic.h he flew at me like a tiger." "Don t wonder at it. Gentlemen don't like to be talked to in that way by cads in the street." "I'm Cicely's cousin," said Lo Breton, Bulkily. "A vory distant one. If I had ai\y thought I of marrying Miss Lorraine I should take great care how her name was used." ' Le Breton burst out into a hoarse laugh. "You marry Cicely !" he exclaim' 1. "I sup- | pose you don't mean that you have any thought of it; but, if you have, you had better put it out I of your head at once, -"She vjould'nt have | you." " Why not ?" said Clifford, biting his lip again. j Le Breton had his revenge. He looked at; Vargrave much as that young man had looked nt him, with infinite and much more insolent contempt. "A little cad like you !" he saitL Then ho leaned back in his chair and puffed', a cloud of smoke from his pipe, continuing to eye Clifford all the time with arrogant depreciation. . Clifford' flushed angrily, but spoke in his usual tones, " I mean to try," he said. "Try away. I don't mind. I would rather you had Cicely than Kinglake. And, as you say, it wouldn't bo a bad thing for me." Ho smoked in silence for a fsw mimite3, and then added bluntly " I'll help you." "You talk aa if you hvl the matter in your owu hands!" said Clifford, with a very natural irrita tion. " So I have, more or less. My wife is-Cicely's closest friend." "Yes, but your wife is not particularly fond of you, is she ?" "Oh, bless you," said Lo Breton, frankly, Pauline's only a woman. She storms some times and says precious nasty things, but she comes round afterwards. And if I give her a silk gown or two and a gold bracelet, and take her off for a jaunt, she'll bo as sweet aa honey and as mild as milk." "Oh," returned Vargrave, with meaning em. jphasis. " Then you have come back from the Cape a moneyed man, have you ? Shares, old fellow." Le Breton uttered an oath. "I have not made one brass farthing," he asseverated. " Don't lie," said Clifford, cheerfully. " You have come back richer than you went; I can see it h\ your eyes. What was it? Diamond hunt ing?" " Never had a day's luck at tho diamond fields." " Perhaps you relieved another man of his share," said Clifford, keeping his eyes attentively fixed upon Le Breton's face. " I hope you did not go too far for safety. Fraud is harmless enough sometimes, but wayside robbery, for in-. stance, with violence " Le Breton started up with a tremendous oath. The perspiration broke out upon his forehead, and his broad limbs seemed to tremble under him us ho said with a fierce stammer, "How ? livhat ? What do you mean ?" Clifford uttered a gentle laugh. " You would be a treasure in a witness-box," he said. "You wouldn't criminate yoursolf -oh, no. Sit down and don't be a fool, Robert Le Breton. How should I know anything about your doings in South Africa. I don't care to; know anything. I was only chaffing you." The man seated himself, and wiped his face with a coarse, red handkerchief, as if relieved, but he still breathed heavily. "Keep your chaff to yourself," he growled at; last. " You don't know the things that I've; heard and seen out there, or you wouldn't talk ho easily about-about-" " Was it diamonds, then?" asked. Clifford, curiously. "Never you mind." " But I do mind. If I acknowledge you as a poor relation and give you an income as soon as I have married Misa Lorraine, you, in turn, must let me share a little of your gains." " You're hard up, as usual, I suppose?" "Infernally." " You always were. It's your own fault." ' 'Tell me what you've got,"saidClifford firmly. " or you shall never seo one penny of my money, come what may." " You daren't refuse me." "I dare-and I will." The two mou glared at each other across the table. Le Breton's face was flushed to almost a purple tint; the veins were swollen upon his forehead; the unkempt and tangled state of his black hair and beard .added a touch of savage wildness to hi3 appearance. Clifford's face, on tho contrary, was calm and colourless, although resolved; his thin, re-, fined features did not move a muscle; even his long white hand, upon which a diamond ring flashed in the gaslight, seemed to express de termination by the way in which it had closed upon the blood-stained handkerchief. Le Breton looked at his face, then at tho hand kerchief, then at the diamond ring, and his eyes sank. " I've had the devil's own luck," he said, and Clifford knew that his point was gained. thought at ono time that I'd gained a fortune, but it's been a precious small one. Is that door fast ? I don't mind telling you, Cliff, how I came into possession of these little things that you see here 1" He produced a small brown bag, which he carried next his skin, suspended by a string round his neck. " It's a wonder I haven't lost it," he said, triumphantly. " If I had kept it in a pocket I should have lost it weeks ago, when I was swept overboard in coming to Southampton. thought it was all over with mo then. But they threw me a buoy, and I was able to cling to it until I was picked up by a fishing-smack that landed me in France again. Then I had a smart touch of fever, which kept me from writing to Pauline. I suppose she and all of you thought ' I was dead ?" "Yes." "And were glad of it?" "No doubt. What have you got in that bag?" " Little enough," said Le Breton, gloomily, as he opened it and spread the contents upon the table. There were, indeed, very few re maining of the stones which poor old Martin Deveril had collected with such care. Clifford fingered them over, one by one, and raised his eyebrows. "Is that all?" "I was cheated," saidLe Breton, striking his fist angrily upon the table. "I would never have run the risk I did if I had known how little there was to get by it." " What risk did you run ?" With a good deal of circumlocution, Le Breton managed at last to give his companion an account, which was true in the main, of tho two several attacks upon Martin Doveril for the sake of the stoues that he was supposed to bo carry ing about with him. When ho paused, Clifford made a remark. " And you went off to Cape Town leaving the old man in the middle of the road to bear wit ness agaiust you ?" " He was dead, I toll you; I am sure he was dead !" said Le Breton, feverishly. "Of course, we only meant to stun him, don't'you see? but I suppose that the blow was a little too hard." He had departed so far from the truth as to im press Clifford with the notion that it was the Kafir, not himself, who had stiuck the mur derous blow. Clifford did not quite believe him; but was not anxious to draw attention to his own incredulity. "Dead or alive," Vargrave replied, "you were fools to leave him in the middle of the road. There was a ravine close by, you say, with water at tho bottom; why had not you the sense to throw him down there and leave him ? Then you might bo pretty certain that he would not turn up again to molest you, while now-why, man, you can never feel safe." Le Breton's face lo3t some of its fiery hue. "If he's alive."he said, rather quaveringly, " he'll never find me." " He could easily follow you to England; daresay he could track you. No doubt you have been exhibiting your fine stones to every dealer in London," said Clifford, contemptuously rolling the garnets and sapphires into a little heap upon the table-cloth. "Not I-not I!" cried tho man, eagerly. "I went to Amsterdam, and Paris, and other places." "Made yourself well known aud remarkable, I dasesay," interrupted Clifford. "The more fool you. Le Breton, you haven't tho wit to be a villain." . Le Breton sat and sulked. "If he came to himself, as ho probably did, he would certainly lay information against you; i and, if he recovered, ho would certainly track you down, if he had tho brains of a hare-and from what you say he seems to havo been a de termined old fellow. Well, I wish you joy of your experiment in highway robbery. If I risked so much, I would at least _ have taken caro that the prize was worth winning." "Just you hold your tongue, Clifford Var grave," said Le Breton, breaking out in open rage as Clifford's irritating comments camo at last to an end. "You think to frighten me,, do you ? I know what I'm about as well as you do ; and I won't take insults either from you or any other man." Clifford laughed lightly and shrugged hiB shoulders. " As is proved by that mark upon your face," he said, "which you allowed to pas3 un punished." "It shall not pass unpunished!" cried Le | Breton, rising up and pushing back liis chair, and then bringing down his hand upon tho table with a blow that mado the glasses ring. " He shall pay for it, I tell you ; he shall rue it all his life. No man ever insulted me without re penting " "Pray, don't make such a row, or we shall have our neighbors down upon us," said Clif ford hastily. " I meant nothing : I know that you are a fire eater and all that sort of thing. I wish you toould punish Giles Kinglake. I wish still more that you could got him out of the country altogether. But that's beyond your powers." "In a fair fight, with no police to interfere, I'd pound the lifo out of him in five minutes." Ah, that isn't exactly what I want." "It isn't what you want, but what I want, that is tli6 question, 1 imagine." 1 Precisely. But if we can kill two birds with one stone ; if we can avenge your wrongs, my dear fellow, and advance my interests at the same time, we may well consider ourselves to be doing a good work." Le Breton had by this regained his com posure, aud was mixing for himself another glass of brandy and water, though with rather a shaking hand. His lato experiences had cer tainly affected his health and strength. Clifford watched those unsteady fingers for a few moments with somewhat sinister interest. He was not sorry to seo that [Robert Le Breton's nerve was shaken. " I don't understand what you're after. What do you want ?" said the visitor, gruffly. "I tell you I want Kinglake out of my way." "What for?" " Did I not say that I meant to marry Miss Lorraine?" , "Yes." " Did you not say that thought he wanted to marry her ?" "WTell-yes." "Aiid can't you put two and two to 1 nether ?".' ' _ , , "Do you think," said Le Breton, slowly I and stupidly, "that Cicely is in love with him ?" " Don't know, I'm sure. But I do know that Kinglake has been hanging about Ladywell Priory lately in a way that I very much dislike. I have gathered as much from Miss Lorraine herself; and I can see that she takes great interest in him-all the more on account of his romantic story and connection with the place. It is too good a chance for Kinglake to lose. If they see much more of each other he will get her to feel that she ought to make up to him for the loss that he has suffered, or some such sentimental stuff j and they will be married before wo can look round. I would not trust them together even now. " I can't tell whether they are not corresponding. We must separate them-by fair means or foul; and the sooner the bettor." "You're regularly up a tree, then?" said Le Breton, regarding Clifford's gloomy brow with some curiosity. " I shall be ruined if I can't marry, or an nounce a coming marriage within six months. "And you've set your young affections on Cicely !" i "Just so." ! " And have you any plan to propose ?" "Yes, I have. But first gather up these: miserable little stones, and put them away, i Pah ! I feel as if that old man's blood were npon them still!" said Clifford, with a fine expression of disgust. Le Breton gave him a murderous look, and began to collect his stones and drop them one, by one'into the little leathern bag. "I reckon that you wouldn't talk of the blood; upon them if you thought that they were of any value," he said slowly. , ": Probably not, my friend." " If that crystal had turned out to be a big diamond, as X fancy the old fellow took it for, you would sing another tune pretty quickly, eh, i Mr. Clifford Vargrave?"' Clifford lifted the crystal and weighed it carelessly in his haiid. Then he took off: his ring and tried to scratch the Bparkling stone with his diamond. His face changed a little as he did so. "Have you Bhown this stone to the dealers ?" he said. " Not I. What would they do with a bit of glass like that?'' "Are you quito Bure that it is notadiamond ?"' said Clifford, quietly. "I'm not a fool." "Are you not? I would advise you to find out something more about that stono before you part with it. I thought that you diamond diggers could always toll a diainond when you found one?" , "At any rate you can't," said Le Breton, snatching the stone from Clifford's hands and ramming it with unnecessary vehemence into the furthest corner of his bag, with so much excite ment and reddening of countenance that Var grave felt sure he had never even taken the trouble properly to examine or to test the so called crystal. " It's very^plain thac you know nothing about the matter; and I should hope that I've lived long enough in the world not to miss the chance of a glorious fortune if I'd got my hand upon it as close as you seem to imagino." " It seems to me that you have been very near to missing it," said Clifford. And internally he added-" What a fool I was to put the doubt into his head ! I might have got it from him for five pounds, and made my own profits if I had had my wits about me." (To be continued.) 