[CONTINUED FKOJI WEDNESDAY'S -SUPPLEMENT.] MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL ' : BY ADELINE SERGEANT, ;. -VUTHORBfiS OF " JACOBl'S WIFE," .ETC; ' [ALT, RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XIX.-THE GRANGE. : We have stolen a march on Cicely. ,She fully intended to be at Lady well before ! our return, but she does not come till to morrow." Who says so V .1 have seen Mrs. Le Breton in the village. She says that Cicely will be very much vexed that she was not there to wel come you, Eleanor." No response. Eleanor was sitting in alow chair near a window; her face was turned towards the panes as though she were ab sorbed, in contemplation of the landscape. She di-1 not speak. Her husband walked to the window and leaned against the deep embrasure, with his knee upon the wide-cuahioned sill. He -looked at the scene on which her eyes were resting-a green lawn shut in by a masa of foliage, bright with autumnal tints, a grey sky above-and wondered whether she liked it. _ is pleasant to see an English lawn again," he said. Do you think so! It is very monotonous," said Lady Eleaiior, languidly. "One gets so tired of the endless green of an English land scape." " You will not care much for this window, then? said Philip, rather regretfully. ^ is so shut in. Why have you let the trees grow so thickly ? One can see nothing." They shall be thinned if you like," ob served Philip, not without' hesitation. He rather loved the row of laurels and laurus tinus bushes, with the erove of elms and chestnut trees beyond. But Eleanor shook her head. « m What ia the uae .' 3,15 said apathetically. Ten weeks have gone already- ten weeks and three days since we were married nearly three months. In three months and a few days, you know, 1 shall not be here." Philip started. " Don't talk in that wav, Jileanor," he said hastily. . face, and a slight color came into her pale cheeks. '' Why not V' she said with a tone of resentment in her voice! j You know that it is true. We made a com pact to live with each other for six months did wo not?" You do not suppose that I have changed my mind ?" Philip did not look at her as ho answered. We need not talk of it beforehand. When the time comes it will bo soon enough." ii ''Vcry, wo11- So lon£ as you understand that at the end of the six months I am free to go where I like. Of course there is no need to speak of it now." Philip moved impatiently, and did not answer. There was a perplexed and worried look upon his face, but Lady Eleanor did not see it; her eyes were roving idly round the room in which she sat. "Has this room been used lately?" sho asked after a little pause. "Not very lately." r\ ^ thought not; it is so dark and low. Uak panels always make a room gloomy. I can t bear a gloomy room." i !' Yo" c?u choose any other that you like better Eleanor. This was selected because it had been my mother's sitting-room. She used to sit here a great deal.11 "Ihen Iliad better havo another," said ?*?y, S0.?T'. with an edK3 in her voice w inch I liilip did not quite understand. But ho answered cheerfully and gently. " Let me show you the house now. It i3 a rambling old place, and all of it is rather gloomy, I am afraid. But perhaps we can iind a room that suits you better." Eleanor rose to her feat with some show of interest. " s'l2 sa^' " ^ * am spend three months hare I shall want a cheerful room." Philip s lips moved as if a reply occurred to him, which on second thoughts ho forbore to make. Eleanor never seemed now to havo any second^ thoughts. She said what came into her mind to say, whether it was painful to her husband or the roverso. Perhaps she even took a sort of pleasure in saying the fcliinasthat were most galling iind disagreeable to him. In this way she felt that sho was revenging herself upon him for all that the Vargraves had made her suffer. She was the injured person, and she wanted to punish him for the injury. When Philip had onco got her away from the \ argraves' house, he hadeasily persuaded her that she would be happier in a foreign country, where there would be plenty of things to do and to see, than in the rural obscurity of Lady well. He entreated hor to remain with him for at least six months; he was not without a silent hope that, when she had recovered from the wound given to her dignity by that odd accident about his uncle, she would yet turn out to be the sweet and docile wife that he had expected to find. He had great difficulty in bringing her to promise that she would make so lengthy a trial of married life, and it said much for his patience and quiet porseveranco that he at last succeeded, but the result was not prov ing very satisfactory. Instead of growing calmer or gentler as time went on, Eleanor's moods became at onco more fitful and more in comprehensible to her husband.. One day sho would bo fevorishly merry, or again, melancholy and languid; then fretful and ill humoured even to insolence, or simply silent and absorbed. She had relapsed into mere spoilt-childishness, such as Mr Lorraine had fancied that she would lay aside after her marriage, and Philip was often at his wits' end to know what to do with her. At times she seemed to enjoy their life abroad, but towards the end of their honeymoon (a strange, sad honeymoon, indoed!) she showed so much weariness of sight-seeing that her husband proposed a return to England. She was not ill-pleased with the prospectof livin" near Cicely at the Granga, and Philiip hoped that she would be happier there than she had been at Florence or Heidelberg, but her re marks upon the gloominess of her sitting room struck him with dismay. " He took her over the house-an old fashioned, quaintly-contrived place, which had been enlarged from timo to time as ne cessity arose and the Lorraines' means in creased. At any other season Eleanor would have been delighted with the building, par ticularly with the great hall in the centre of the house, from which various rooms and suites of rooms branched off, and round which ran a wide gallery leading to the upper rooms. An oak staircase with a linoly- carved balustrade led to this gallery, and the hall was lighted from above by stained-glass windows, which had been put in by Mr. Lorraine some twenty years before. The great fireplace and carved mantelpiece .formed part of the oldest portion of the house; and inscription an a date were 4rved upon it in rude old English ieters, which Philip pointed out to Lis vife with pardonable pride. " 'Kfcraungeres and Pilgrimes: 1593.' Thoscs words were carved by the hand of the first PliiUp Lorraine who lived in England. He left the Netherlands during the wars with Spain, and settled herp with his wife. Their first child was born i» 1503, and it was then'that he made this inscription-to remind his son that, although born, on English ground, he was not an Englishman, and might one day return to his own land. But the son took root here and stayed." Eleanor glanced at the inscription with a wearied eye, then down at the lloor, which was partly covered with a richly-tinted Tur key carpet. i '3 lm'Se enough to fiance in,'' siie said, without making any comment on i Jnlip s story. " The floor is good, I should think. Do you ever dance hero ?" "Never in my timo. Wo have had many a Christmas tree, and many a game at bliutl mans buff, but I don't think: wo ever danced. My people did not care for dancing." , " The musicians could bo placed in the gallery," said Lady Eleanor, with a quick turn of her head, which hid her face from him. " Yes, one could giro a veiy good ball here. But perhaps people would not como. Or perhaps you would not invite them." "If you invite them, they will come,"said Philip. "Yea, I might inaugurate quite a new state of things if I were going to stay here mightT not ?" said Eleanor, coollv. "But as I am not- " ' ? Philip would not hear. " Coma through this door," he said. "You will find ! the1 most cheerful rooms in the house iii this wing. It is quite shut off from' the rest of the building you see. There are two rooms below and two above, with a separate stair case, and a door into the garden. It was first tho children's wing; the two nurseries were above: the schoolrooms and one bed room below. The schoolroom was made into Cicely's sitting-room when she stayed with us, and she always said that she was fond of it. We called it Cicely's parlour." Cicely's parlour was a very different place from the panelled room upstairs which Eleanor disliked. It was bright, fresh, and airy; rather barbarous iti its style of decora tion-all pink, anil white, and gold-and not in the least to be compared with the panelled room as regarded picturesqueness, but Eleanor was attracted to it by its distance from the more generally used portions of the house. " I should like to have it for my own special room," she said. " I suppose no one uses it now." "My uncle, sometimes." " Oh! But he will not be back before I go, so that will not signify." ° "Very well," said Philip. "Mako it your own, if you like it better than the upstairs place. You can appropriate the entire wing. The upper rooms have a door into your own dressing-room; a contrivance of my mother's when we were small children." " We V' repeated Eleanor. " You have no sisters or brothers !" , " I had a sister once. She died when; she was seventeen." Eleanor made no further remark. She was not interested in Philip's dead sister ; all that she had feared for a moment was an influx of living relations anxious to be on fraternally intimate terms with her. She made the inspection of the rest of the house in almost complete silence, for her sick fancy was pleased by nothing, not even by the succession of rooms all opening upon the long passage ; rooms which once would have been a great delight to her for their number and convenience. In the south passage, as it was named, her own apartments were followed by Philip's dressing-room, Philip's study, Mr. Anthony Lorraine's study, dressing-room, and bedroom ; then a corner was turned, and another set of rooms was reached, opening upon the west side of the gallery,- and generally appropriated to any guests staying in the house. On the north side of the house there were no upper rooms, for the entrance- hall ran up to the roof ; the drawing-rooms extended through the whole length of the house from north to south on the west side, while on the east the dining room, library, and billiard-room corresponded with the reception rooms upon the west. The kitchens branched out south and east, forming finite a little wing of their own ; and tho yard into which they opened was separated by a stono wall from the garden that stretched outside tho windows of Lady Eleanor's newly-chosen sitting-room. It was an oddly constructed house, but neither a small nor an inconvenient 0110. The garden was as strange in Eleanor's eyes as the Grange itself. It had been laid out after a quaint, bygone fashion, and its shaven lawns and trim iish- pond, its yew trees clipped into the likeness of peacocks with stunted tails, its shady alleys and smooth evergreen hedges, were such as might have been planned under the eye of that great garden lover, Dutch William himself. There was something a little melancholy about the nodding yc\r trees and lichen- stainod marble basin of tho fountain that had long ceascd to play. Eleanor shivered as she trod the moss grown walks, and thought regretfully of tho sunshiny Italian towns that she had left. But what was the good of speaking? She knew by this time that she had only to say tho word, and that Philip would carry her off whithersoever she would. He-had been her most obedient slave ever since her wed ding day, and had never disputed her: slightest wish-save once. j Yes, once he had steadily refused to do the thing that she had asked of him. It was durinf ' their stay in Italy. She had wanted to stav ' the night at a town of which her father hail spoken with enthusiasm. Philip refused to do so-absolutely and quietly refused, with- ! out assigning any reason for his refusal. Lady Eleanor argued the point; she even condescended to plead a little, but ho was ' inexorable. She shed tears of vexation, which he must have seen ; she muttered I angry words, which he certainly heard ; but | neither tears nor petulant speeches produced any effect upon him. He had his own way, and Eleanor was compelled to yield-a fact which filled her with resentment, yet gave her an increased feeling of respect for her husband's strength of character. Ho was usually so very gentle and considerate, so mindful of her slightest wish, that it was a new experience to see him assume the attitude of lord and master. E-tr afte; wards Eleanor was always suspccting him of a wish to tyrannise, a wish which sho believed to bo only held in check by a consciousness of his guilt towards her, and a < desire to appease her just anger. She did not quite know whether she scorned or! loathed him more ; she was quite sure that she did scorn and loathe him, and' that his apparent gentleness was only a form of hypocrisy which she hated worst of all. His harshness about Aquileja was an incontro vertible proof of it. . Before tho day was over Cicely had arrived ; she and Paulino dined at the Grange, thus obviating tho tcte-ci-tcte evening with Philip, which Eleanor particularly disliked. Ciooly plunged at oricc into plans for the coining winter-rides, drives, calls, parties were eagerly suggested-and Eleanor listened and assented, though with a little chill of manner which Cicely couldhardly understand. It seemed as though she had not made up hoi mind whether she would go into society or not that winter. "I am still in mournin" for my father," she said to Cicely, as they sat apart during the evening, "and I did not think that there would be many people to visit in tho country." Cicely glanced at Eleanor's black dress with a little wonder. "You know that you need not wear mourning now unless you choose ?" she said rather iiesitatinly. But Eleanor cut her short. " I do choose," she said. " I shall wear black as long as I am here; as long as " Sho did not complete tho sentence, but sat with her dark eyes fixed upon tho fire and her fingers playing with the great black fan which sho held in hand. A vision of the future (lashed across her mind; How would it be with her when she had renounced her husband, her friends ? Who would care for her? where should she live, and what should she do? The wind was howling outside the house; within there was a bright glow of fire light, warmth and colour, the scent of flowers and the sound of music. It seemed to her as if sho would some day have to leave the light and warmth, and go into tho howl ing of the atorm. She gave a little shudder at thethought, and then roused herself and spoke " \yho is playing V sho said suddenly as the long drai'/n wail of a .violin fell upon her car, "Philip and Pauline. It is quite their old pastime. She has played his' accompani ments for years. You will have to play them now, Nell." " I can't play," said Eleanor, in a low tone. They were practically alone, for Philip aiid Mrs. Le Breton had gono to the grand piano in the next room, where they could be seen through the open door, absorbed in tho music that they wore making. Lady Eleanor ; leaned back in her chair arid watched them | with a speculative look in her eye?. 1 " Indeed you can: play-very:-well," said Cicely, warmly, "Mr. Vargrave says so. He says that you used to play his accompani ments for him when he sang." "I did sometimes," said Eleanor, not able to hinder a sudden rush of colour to her palo cheeks; which she lifted her fan to hide from Cicely's eyes. But Cicely ran on, un conscious of the blush. "We met him very often in Scotland. Ho ?was very kind, and helped us in very many ways. Then he was staying at Sir Frederick's when I was thero, and I saw a good deal of him." " You liked him 1" " Oli, yes, I liked him very well. But Pauline does riot like him at all." ., " No ?" said Eleanor, indifferently. " Why not ? " I don't know. She thinks that he has not been very good-very steady. It is so difficult for a girl to judge," and Cicely's eye lashes fell oVer a pair of very troubled hazel eyes. "You have seen more of him than I, Eleanor. Was he- nice-at home ?" The girlishly-worded question meant a good deal, and Eleanor was well aware of its sig-: nilicance. She flushed aud paled a^ain' as she replied. ° I think so. At least-he can be very nice when he pleases." "Oh, I know that," said Cicely with vivacity, and then the conference was broken up, for Mrs. Le Breton aud Philip returned, . and the conversation became general. 1 think that Eleanor looks happy i Miss Lorraine asked of her companion as thev drove homo that evening. . _ " My dear, how can ftell? Lady Eleanor i is a sealed book to me at present." " Well, Philip is not a sealed book. Do you think that Philip looked happv 1" said Cicely, with emphasis. . I don't think he looked unhappy." "Perhaps not-altogether. He looked i more roused up than he does generally. Ue watches Eleanor's every look and . word." i "He is very attentive." " Uncomfortably so. Thatis just the word 1 want, cried Cicely. " They arc both in an , uncomfortable state. They haven't settled i down yet, but in a few weeks we shall find them very different. Eleanor is sure to be delighted with the Grange ; it is a house after her own heart." Pauline was not so sure of that as was . Ucely, but she held her peace. Something in the aspect of husband and wife towards each other had disturbed her, she knew not Eleanor's cold unresponsive face when I hilip spoke to her ; Philip's anxious yet somewhat formal attentions; the way in which each avoided the other's eyes, and tacitly refused to speak of one another to a third person-these things had filled Mrs Lc Breton's heart with shocked dismay. Had she clone right in forcing Philip to keep his promise? Would not Philip and Eleanor both have been happier apart 1 When Cicely had gone to bed Pauline came downstairs, remembering that a certain glass door which opened upon the terrace had°uot been fastened. Before locking it for the night 3he looked out, and let the cold night breeze play freely upon her hot cheeks <ind brow. It had been u pain ful evening for her, in spite of her self command aud self-repression; and of all bitter thoughts the doubt as to whether she had really acted for the best was the most bitter. She remembered Philip's grave brow and Eleanor's unsmiling lips, and a wave of passionate and unavailing regret swept sud denly across her. "He would have been happier with me," she said to herself. "He would have been happier with me. And yet I thought _ that I was doing right. What shall I do if everything goes wroiisr, and .his wife never learns to love him, after all ? Yet is it possible that he would have been happier with a stain upon his honor, after breakiiv' his promise to a helpless girl ? No, it is not possible ; and yet-and yet-my God, send me some sign to show me that I was not wrong!" Her bitter, voiceless cry went up to the silent heaven and brought an answer down. And yet she did recognise the answer when it came, so unexpected was it advent, and to her-so horrible its guise. For, as she waited, with the tears hot upon her cheeks aud the cold night-wind blowing the hair over her pale brow, a face gleamed out of the darkness for a moment mid dis appeared. It seemed as though some person might be hiding in an angle of the house where the shadows were at their deepest, and had chosen this method of manifesting his presence to her eyes. Either that-or" olse she had seeu a ghost. For the face was that of Robert Le Breton, risen from the dead. And was this the only answer that Heaven could make her to her prayer ? (To be continued.) 