MISCELLANEOUS. Imsn Ghost Story. — There is a very strange story connected with an old house in St. Stephen's Green, Dublin, which was at one time the residence of the gay 'and beautiful Lady Clare. It was untenanted for a long time, and then taken by some ladies for the purpose of establishing a school. Tho house was peaceable enough, except on certain nights in the week, presumably reception nights, when the doors would be shut and opened ,- numerous footsteps would be heard, with the unmistakable- sound of high-heeled boots on the floor, and the' rustle of silken trains, and 'all the noise .of a numerous company of well-dresaed guests. Nothing was .over seen, lihough people watched constantly j till at last ' the ladies, with their school, had to decamp elsewhere ; and a gentleman, who laughed 'at the idea of ghosts, took it and went to reside there. But he laughed too soon, for very shortly the nocturnal uproar became so unbearable that he, too, had to depart. The house was then' taken by some nuns, who doubtless thought that their presence would quell the unholy tumult. But they were mistaken ; the gay company' still hold high, revel on their accustomed nights, till, as a lust resource, the house was pulled down, and the Loretta Chapel stands in its place. More than a hundred tons of human hair are annually bought and sold in Europe. Four ounces is an. averuge clipping irom a human headj so llmt a hundrod tons represent the pro duct of irom 800,000 to ' 1,000,000 ' heads. In Europe the heads of female criminals' are shorn, and they supply a large markot j1 but the greater ? part is bought by travelling pedlars. Between the ages of 1!5 'and 40, a woman Can grow ; about = Sfcven crops of hair. ' ? 1 The Cork Herald is responsible for the; state ment that Archbishop Croke will pay a visit to' the United States in the coming Fall. It is also said that Bishop Fitzgerald will accompany him. i ' ' i it- . ?' ' . SJome idea' of the magnitude of the statue of Liberty presented by France to. America may be obtained from the fact that forty persons found standing- room within the head. A'. six foot man standing on the level of the lips only, just reached the eyebrow. Fifteen people might sit round the flame, of the torch, which elevation can be reached by a spiral staircase within the outstretched arm. The weight of the statue is 440,000 pounds, of which 176,000 pounds are copper and the re mainder wrought-iron. When placed in position it will, loom tip 305 feet above tide-water, the height of the statue being 151.2 feet, that of the pedestal 91 feet, and foundation 52.10 feet. We understand that the memorial drawn up, in 1855., at the desire of his Holiness Pope Pius IX., by Mr. .Frederick Lucas, then editor of the Tablet, on the state of political parties in Ireland and their true relation to Catholic interests in that country, will shortly bo published. Sir Charles Gayan Duffy, who, with Mr. Lucas, was ene of the principal actors in the affairs of that period, has undertaken the editorship of the work. The introduction which he has written to it is said to be highly: interesting ; and the Memorial itself will throw considerable light on the persis tent efforts of British statesmen to govern Ire land through Rome. Sir Charles considers the document one of the most important State Papers of our time. ' An Irishman named Moore lately died in Buenos Ayres worth four hundred and fifty thousand pounds. One hundredth part of the whole he left for charitable purposes, and over the remainder his relatives are fighting. A, contemporary, pertinently says: — ;It is a strange fact that although Mr! Gladstone has been; fifty -three years in Parliament he has never even: once opposed a Coercion Bill. Even Mr. Disraeli did, and by joining 'with O'Connell in 1846 defeated Peel's last Coercion Bill, which defeat drove Peel from power.' Such is the Liberalism of the great modern English Liberal. A Russian Irishman. — Some clever or insane man in Dublin, we know not which, declares that General Kornaroff's grandmother was an Irish woman named Macnamara. Following on this traek we are also told by another genius that the Mahdi was Mr. Madden from Kilkenny, Garibaldi was really one Garry Baldwin, Louis Riel, of North-West Canada, is Luke Reilly disguised, and the constellation Orion is called after the Tip perary sept and not the giant son of inodorous birth given to the Boeotian peasants. But Mac namara is a decenter and more musical name than :Kornaroff, and those who own it need not go to Russia to obtain honours for its possessors. The Nga in the Maori tribes carries the same meaning as Mac does in the Celtic septs. This, however, is only, by the way of parenthesis. Lord Waterford has finally dispersed the Cur raghmoreipack. Some four years ago he sold off the dog pack at Rugby, for about 2000 guineas. Their sisters and cousins and aunts were reserved in the hope . that the course of the chase would once more rim smoothly in Ireland, and for that reason they were lent to two or three masters of hounds in England, and did duty with their new kennel mates,- but as the policy of no hunting is : still the fashion in Waterford, his Lordship col lected them, and sold them off at Rugby. They made extremely, good prices. The chairman of the committee appointed to inquire into the condition of Irish industries has presented an informal report to Parliament. In it : is .stated that all Irish industries, with the single exception of linen manufactures, are at present in a deplorable condition. The report recommends the improvement of the railway facilities of Ire land, the introduction of a course of teaching of sciences relating, to industrial work in all national schools, and a comprehensive system of arterial, drainage, without -which, the report declares, the ?proper cultivation of the soil in Ireland on a sufficiently extensive plan is impossible. : Lord Carnarvon, writes a Dublin special corres pondent of the New Yobk Hebald, rides out daily attended only by a groom armed with a whip, and. Lady Carnarvon shops over Dublin guarded, by an Irish maid. A despatch received at Paris states that the King of. Dahomey with a large army has mas sacred. the French unprotected villagers. Tho King also captured 1000 French persons, and he and his followers jsrojjose to eat them. There is no man more able to take advantage ?of .an,-., opportunity fora joke than a cultivated Irishman (says the European Mail). As a rule he is 'quick to see,' aud.as the point of a joke idepends upon the quickness of apprehension, it is just possible that our friends on the other side of the Tweed will hardly relish the retort which Mr. Healy made when Mr. M'Farlaue pointed out the other night that the area of the House of Com mons being insufficient to accommodate the mem bers, ho would move that it be enlarged. Before the hon. gentleman had resumed his seat Mr. Healy rose to announce that when the motion came on he would move, as an amendment — ! ' That the best way to provide sufficient accoin- I modation in the present House would be to estab- \ lish an Irish LJarliament on College Green.' Loud and continuous was the cheering of the Irish party at this repartee, and that night Mr. Healy was overwhelmed with compliments on his ready wit. Houses fob the Indian Abbiy. — The Govern ment, of India are still purchasing, in India, horses suitable for army purposes, and the average price to be paid for such animals has recently been increased to .£50. Every horse . presented for purchase will be valued separately, and higher or lower prices may be given provided that the average of the purchases does not exceed that limit. Depot fees are abolished. Horses and mares of all breeds will be received, but they must be within the pre scribed age, 4 to 7 years, except as regards eountry-breds, which may be of any age from 18 months upwards. Greys will not be purchased for horse or field artillery. Correspondence has taken place between the Premiers of New South Wales aud Victoria in reference to the utilisation of the 'waters of the Murray for irrigation. Mr. Service has suggested that the water coin tnissioners of each colony should meet and confer on the subject. ? The barque Rockhampton was destoyed by fire at Nprmanton on Friday night, 4thinst. The crew got safely away from the vessel before the ex plosion of a quantity of lithofracteur on board occurred. 