TIHE BULLET-PR:OOF. Many years ago there were quartered in a small provincial town in England three young officers, named Thornton, Andrews and Waters. The town, of course, had a church, and the churchyard was credited with the usual complement of hobgoblins. But above and beyond these ordinary spectral retainers, lwhich any properly re gulated churchyard would he ashamed to lack, this particular churchyard was dis-. tinguished by the possession of a ghost of its own. Exactly at midnight on the 14th Nodeiuber in each year.a form, clothled from head to foot in white,would advance suddenly from a particular corner of the churchyard, and, proceeding straight to an old grave, wring its hands as if in despair, and then rush into the church porch and disappear. So touch for the legend. Thornton laughed at the idea of ghosts; and avowed himself a rigid Sad ducee in all that related to them. Andrews and Waters, on the other hand, main. tained the contrary. ' Well,' said Waters 'the day after to-morrow. is the 14th of November, the day this ghost ought to show himself. Now, I'll bet you what you like you dare'nt keep watch in the church porch from eleven till one that night.' ''ll bet you a pony (£25) I do come.' 'Done,' said Waters and Andrews together. 'Very well, then,' said Tlhorn ton, ' I ant to keep watch in the church porch from eleven till one a.m. on Friday next. But, mind you, I shall take my sword and pistols, andif I do see anything prowling about I shall try the effect of lead and steal on it' Eleven o'clock on the fatal night drew near, and Thornton, escorted by his two friends, proceeded to the churchyard, and after refusing sundry sarcastic offers to strong waters, dismissed them, and settled himself down to his watch. At last overhead he heard the clcek in prepartion for striking-one I two ! three ! stop ! ere the hammer can fall again there starts forward out of the darkness of the corner, a white figure, showing weird and ghastly in thle moonu light, and with even motion glides to. wards the grave. Thornton started in momentary surprise, and then, recovering himself, rushed forward and called on the ghost to stop or he would lire. The ap. parition taking io notice, Thornton., after a moment's hesitation, raisedl one pistol and fired. The spectre slowly turned upon him, and with calm even gesture extended its right Iand with the bullet in the extended palm, and then turned and glided on towards the grave. Startled, but undismayed, Thornton raised the other pistol, and taking a more deliberate aim, again fired. Again the spectre slowly turned, and with the snime eveness of motion, extended both hands, each with a bullet in the palm. Either really unappalled by the weird nature of the adventure, or only acting instinctly in accordance with his previousl)-farmed re solutions, Thornton drew his sword, and springing on the spectre, thrust his sword with all his strength into its substance. The sword so far from passing through an impalpable body, met with decided opposition in its passage. Thornton felt a sudden stream of warts fluid over his hand and arm. The figure flung up his arms, andl, uttering a deep groan, fell heavily backwards on the turf. Horrow-struck with what lie had done, Thornton threw himself on his knees beside his victim, and then dis covered that the pretended ghost, and now apparently dying man, was none other than his dearest friend, Waters. Nearly crazed with excitement, he strove to staunch the life stream thatwas rapidly dyeing the erst-whilb white sheet of the sham ghost, but to little purpose; and had not Andrews, who had been on the watch, and who hastened up to his friend's assistance, rushed off and fetched a surgeon, there is little doubt that Waters would have paid with his life for his practical joke. Andrews and he, it seemed, had planned the affair to try Thornton's nerve, Eubstituting for the real leaden bullets those harmless imitations with which every amateur is familiar, and which turn to impalpable powder upon the discharge of the weapon. They had fully "calculated upon the supernatural effect of their simulated apparition, feeling quite confident that the failure of the second pistol shot would be quite sufficient for the discomfiture of their friend, should that of the firat prove ineclectoal. That Thornton should follow up the attack with his sword never entered their heads. After many months of weakness and suffering a complete recovery rewanted the skill of the doctor and the sleepless, watchful attention of his friends. The three young officers spent many years together after this, and with unabated friendship, but never again did either of them venture upon a practical joke. 