BR. CUYLER IN LONDON. DR. CUYLEP., of Brooklyn, has been visiting England, and has been writing some account of his experiences to the American journals. He speaks as follows of the Salvation Army and Mr. Spurgeon:— " On my arrival in this monBter metropolis, with its- 5,000,000 of souls, I found the people of 411 classes greatly excited over the shocking revelations made in the Pall Mall Gazette. There is a general impression that the man who made the investigation into the Sodom-side of London, and supplied the faets to the Gazette is Mr. Bramwell Booth, the son of the Generalin-Chief of the Salvation Army. It is certain that the Army are the chief promoters of the wholesale agitation; and I see the uniformed "lasses" or female missionaries hawking the pamphlet of disclosures in all the streets. From what I see of the Salvation Army in this city of its nativity I have reached the following conclusions—It is a great power ; if wisely directed it may accomplish much good among the degraded classes. But as it is under the supreme autocraticcontrol of one man, if it should find its way into the hands of an unscrupulous leader it might become a most mischievous machine. General Booth is a skilful organiser (I believe with pure motives), and his wife is his superior in intellect and spirituality. Their music- —when heard at its best with colossal brass-band accompaniments—is very thrilling, and stirs the popular heart prodigiously. The faults of the organisation are its contempt for churches and sacraments—its financial system—its irreverent manifestations (such as this— " knee-drill at 10 o'clock—after that the outpouring of the Holy Ghost ')—and its extravagant ideas about higher life and perfection. 7 If these excrescences were pruned away it might be a great blessing to the British masses. Last Saturday afternoon I drove down into the southeastern end of London to take supper with my old friend, Mr. Spurgeon. My hospitable host, Bev. Newman Hall and his good wife accompanied -me. It is a twelve-mile drive and more from tbis pleasant summit of Hampstead Hill clear across Lotidon to Norwood—near the Crystal Palace—where Mr. Spurgeon resides. He has a lovely villa, called "Westwood," surrounded by about twenty acres of lawn, garden, iprove, and'meadow. It would attract attention by its beauty even at Tarrytown or Irvington. Mr. Spurgeon jurchased it at a great bargain, and his one jearthly uxury is this charming home; he has well earned if, and long may he enjoy it. He met us in hU hearty, genial way, and we were soon out on the lawn, enjoying the views, and listening to his inexhaustible flow of racy talk. As he was picking raspberries with us in his garden,- he stopped to tfell a good stoiy or to give a fresh Scripture interpretation, or to let off a pun. Certainly, with his sallow complexion and short, squatty figure, his physique is anything but imposing; but when his rich voice begins to pour forth rich things out of his big sympathetic heart, then his plain face becomes positively handsome. The longer I know him, the more. I love. hup. He tells me that he has abandoned a meat diet and lives entirely on fish, vegetables, and farinaceous food; and he does not suffer from gout and neuralgia as badly as he once did. He and his noble wife are both zealous teetotallers. After Supper, we had family worship together; and we set off forhome, and Brother Spurgeon w*nt into his library to select his two texts and to prepare his discourses for the taext day! " Brethren, give me two texts for to -morrow," he said to us i and from the one suggested by Brother HaU, be .actually preached, for the firsttime, on the next evening. This is his invariable custom—to leave the choice of his topics until six o'clock on.Saturdav evenings,, and thftn he prepares the outline of |iis Sunday moralng sermon in half an hour. The evening sermon he does not prepare until Sunday afternoon in his study «t his Tabernacle, He never writes out a single line, but revises his externporised discourses on Monday for publication. While " ug he uses a brief—written often on the back of an envelope. As I parted from him aud he stood 1b his doorway, cracking jokes and shouting his hearty " good night," I said to myself the Lord never made but one Spurgeon, and when He made him. He gare the world the most extraordinary preacher -of the simple, living Gospel whom our modern times have heard. Lie and Brother Moody have reached more souls than any seed-sower since Martin Luther.. My wife and daughter were made healthy by the use of American Co.'s Hop Bitters, and I recommend it to my people.—Methodist Clergyman. Read. 