SPORTING. MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [From our Special Reporter.! Flemincrton. October 14. Damp cold weather has had much to do with subduing the ardor of tnrfites over the Caulfidd gathering, but the Guineas day was on the whole a success, notwithstanding the rain. _ Mr. Hart considered he had a good thing in Jocnlar for the Maiden Plate, and the brother to Gymkhana ran a good race, though beaten by .Recall. Duration showed his supenontyonce more in the Hurdles, and the Don. J. White proved his almost invincible title to the Foad Stakes, which he carried off wrth Acme. -Ringmaster's was a good win for his stable in the Guineas. The Hunter's Cup was a pretty good thing for the Adelaide horse, ivarrung, who has been purchased by .George Read from Mr. Harris. The Toorak Handi cap turniahed a surprise in the victory of Mentmore. _ As the weather is now olearing it is anticipated there will be a very large attendance at the Cup on Saturday. 1 he fact that forty-eight horses have accepted tor the Caulfield Cup has fairly staggered the general public, who hoped to see the weeds and doubtfuls cleared out and .the list reduced to the reasonable dimensions of a field likely to face the starter. It will be a wonderful race if anything like forty runners sport silk on Saturday, and yet there are many who believe that young Mr. Watson will take thirty-five to forty horses in charge. Taking them in the order in which they now appear the top-weight is Welcome Jack, who, with 9 st. 4 lb., commands sufficient respect to be sup ported for a pot of money. He is looking and doing well. Sardius I shall regard as a doubtful starter. If he were really meant his owner has left it late in the day to get his money on, as he would come to a very short price on the first move being made to back him. He must be a much batter horse over a mile and a half than when he ran second in the Derby to Martini-Henri, ^ufc. „m7, auch a scrambling event as the Caulfield Cup he would not appear to advantage, as he might be blocked by others who had not the ghost of a show, and possibly come to some harm by being trodden on or run over. The general crowd will make a terrible rush to get past the stand and up the hill; but 18 afc thia Part o£ the race that Sardius would be at home, and when he tried to come at the end he might be blocked, as there is sure to be a bunch near the end of the journey with such a field as this. The chances are therefore agamst Sardius winning even if he is a starter. Bunk Bonny is a good mare who must have a big say if well on the day, but yesterday she pulled up;a bit dotty after a gallop. Tom Brown is a fine striding colt with rather much action, and is said to tire himself, and may not like trie last quarter of a mile* Hp jg very fast, and must be in it if he can stay. Mozart has not done enough to warrant the opinion that he can win. Madcap may come into the market at the last moment, but her stable have made many mistakes beforeand may make another on this occasion. Lord Wilton is in every way deserving of con fidence, as he is doing well and an improving horse. Conolanus is a light of other days, who is half-blind, and hardly likely to see the end of this journey. Warwick has been heavily backed for the Melbourne Cap, and is not likely to start m this race. Dirk Hatteraick won t like the last quarter in the company but may run well for a mile. Plausible should be a dangerous customer at the weight and over this distance if it happens to be his day 0Ui- t.1 £sraebte is a bit cronky yet, and not reliable on this occasion, Archie will probably be an absentee. St, Lawrence must have a good show, and is feared by other candidates. Grace Darling is out-classed here. Gratitude if she gets away well, is one of the best in the race, and it is to be hoped she will not be blocked, Lantern I don't like for his present task, the distance being a bit too far for him in the company, according to his racing when he belonged to Mr. Pile. Hilltop is | unreliable. Despot must have a big say m it if he doeBn t cross his legs again and stumble. Velocipede ought to go near winning if he is wanted, but it is whispered that he is a market favorite, and may be scratched at the last moment, or as good as scratched on the day. Impulse performed well at Wagga, and should be in the dangerous division. Signor is hardly likely to beat such a big field. Brown and Rose has been backed for the Melbourne Cup, and should be Baved for the big event. Country Bov is reported to have beaten St. John in a trial, but this statement is taken cum grano. He will, however, show a good turn of foot if Mr. Hart has put the dollars on, and this gentle man and his trainer, Read, have a reputation for astuteness amongst turfites here. They am hardly expect to win both cups though. Anglesey will probably be a non-starter. Clap trap, a wonderful performer in private, is leading his people into no end of expense in backing him, but he has only his Adelaide victory to his credit, and though a brilliant horse he is utterly unreliable. The Andes can hardly be good enough for this company, and the same remarks must apply to Kingship, Britisher, Marie Louise, Tarpeia, Thakambau, Lennox, Lucky Hit, Minerva Real Jam, Black Diamond, Sirocco, Lesbia, Vision, Forlorn Hope, Yellow Hammer, Too t 0<)'- Urara. Lord Exeter was much fancied a few days ago, but his admirers are now forsaking him, and he is going rapidly back in the market. Prince Imperial from his Hawkesbury running must be held in respect, and so must Winchester (late Manchester), because he is a powerful colt, very free mover and carries a head o' money with him. With a fair field and no favor I like Lord Wilton, Gratitude, Tom Brown, and Winchester, 1 am just afraid after his running in the Guineas last Saturday, and from what I hear sinoe, thatDunlop will not have much to say m the V.R.C. Derby. He was beaten easily enough by Ringmaster, who is only a little un, and there is something better than the ratter amongst the bigger ones who will start for uie Blue Riband. The excuses made for JJunlop were that he was short of work, and the Guineas gallop would do him good; also, that his legs are troubling him. But I fancy he will meet something better than himself on the day, and that he will again be compelled to take a back seat. When Isonomy makes his appearance here to-morrow, if he lands sound and well, he will have many admirers at I Iemington, and a gallop or two on the track will soon shorten his price. The ring are not disposed to take any liberties with him at present, as, even when they were knocking out everything at the club last night, 1,000 to 150 was all that the Leviathan would offer at the price. Nordenfeldt, Thunderbolt, and Winchester all look like Derby horses, and it is from this trio that the winner will come, if anything beats Isonomy. The Hon. J. White states he has not yet backed Nordenfeldt, and would prefer Monte Christo or Uralla to win ; but he wont have much chance to back him unless he is content to take a short price. Both Monte and the mare look somewhat stale, but Xsordenfeldt is full of health and vigor, Hq is a very lazy colt, and has to be shaken up considerably; but it is said he is able to travel with the fastest, although he goes slow with a slow un, and that he will hang on with the tenacity of a bulldog to the bitter end. Thunder bolt has the reputation also of being good at the finish, so that between these two and Isonomy m the straight the fight ehonld be some thing worth witnessing. As Thunderbolt and Winchester are in the same hands, and the former carries their Derby money, it must be presumed that he is the better of the two for the classic race. Parwan is a colt that made a food impression in the Guineas, and The encil is much liked by many. I hear that Robertson, who rode him in the Guineas, has declined to ride Dunlop in the Derby, The defeat of Maddelina in the Foal Stakes was not only a disappointment to the contingent, but was also a surprise to many others, who regarded her as a very good thing forthe Maribyrnong. The great two-year-old race is still a very open question. Philip Augustus is reported to have gone a bit wrong, but before the day there will be other young sters coming to the front, and Maddelina may have the inclination to display the form that she has exhibited on the Old Course. Although Coronet is under a cloud his owner is sanguine that he will Bee the post and be a good thing for the Melbourne Cup Coronet was out doing a fairly good gallop yesterday afternoon, so that he must have recovered to a great extent from his supposed indisposition. 