HFORTING ROTES. Tli.LI. TORF. V.A;T.G. "RACES Our Melbourne correspondent writes:-The following handicaps wore declared yesterdny for tlie IV.A.T.C. Races, which are to take place at CaulQeld on the '15tll instant: HANDICAP HURDLE RACE.-Two miles, . -Tlie Afeenfc, 12st libs; Huntsman, llstiflbs; Sheet Anchor; list; Star, lUst 13tbd; Guardflsh, lOst 121bs; Gasalior, lOst Hlbs; Boll*) Brandon, lOst "lbs; Agitation, 10st 31bs; UJrer stono, 10at lib; Hippogriff, lOst lib; Tattler, 9ft 131bs; Duration, Oat "1211)3; The Ghost, 9st 22lbs; Oculist, 9st l^lba; Hunter, 9st lllbs; Ruveu, 9st lOlbs; Tautaliser, , 9st Slbs; Insolvent, 9st 71bs; "Waverley, 9st 7ibs; Vulcau, 9st.71bs; Ace, 9st01b3; Devizes,9st5lbs; Hamburgh, 93t 51bs;;Chatswortli, 9st 41bs; Echo, 9st 4Ibs; Problem, 9st I 21bs; Cockboat, 9st 21bs; Amateur, 9st; Castleton, Oat. Balaclava STAKES, 7 furlongs.-Stafford, 9st Slbs; Irraloe,93t'21bs; Mid<Alemarch,Sstl21bs; Precious Stone, j 8st 121hs; Grace Darling, 8st lllbs; The Ghost,- 8at lllbs; Bristol, 8st81bs; Hippogriff, Sst albs; The Andes, 8st lib; , Claptrap, 8st; Waverley, 7st 121bs; Black I Diamond, 7st lllbs; Fernlea, 7st lOlbs; Phantom, 7st Slbs; Jocular, 7st Slbs; Mistake, 7st 71bs; Stationer, 7st 71bs; Ringmaster, 7st Gibs; Hobart, 7st <ilbs; Evie, 7st 41bs;, The Bey, 7st 2lbs; Gardenia, 7st 21bs; Laudo, 7at lib; Umberto, 7st libs; Sirocco, 7at libs; Reprise, 7st lib; Meutmore, 7st; Walhalla, 7st; Too Too, 7st; Rebus, 7st; Warfleld, Gst 121bs; Honeycomb, Gst 121bs; St. Elleno, Gst 1211)3; Cmcinnutus, Gst 121bs; Muncio, Gst lllbs; Bohemian, Gt lllbs; Martyr, Gkt lOlbs; Sedition, Gst lOlbs; St. Albert, Gst 81bs; Gipsy's Warning, Gst Gibs; Oddfellow, Gst41bs; Plymptou, Gsfc 41bs; Maydew, Gst; Baron Neckar, Gst. Caulfibld GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE.-Two and a half miles.-Deutnark, 12st lllbs; Buzza, I2st; Lizette, list lllbs; Deceiver, list 61bs; Governor, list I 5lbs; Morven, list -ilbs; "Wymlet, list; Native, lOst | 71bs; Granville, lOstGlbs: Meruder, 10st51bs; Minerva,'; 10st51bs; Bob Cooper, lOst 41bs; Reticeut, lOst olbs; i Sailor, lOst; Rosicruciau, 9st 1211)8; Lady Asliton, 9st 121bs; Vulcan, 9st 12lbs; Starfish, Gst lOlbs; Studloy, 9st 71bs; Black Angel, 9st 71b9. The Mkluoubnk C UP.-The following is a complete list oj seratcliings for the Melbourne Cup since the declara tion .of the weightsStreuchyau, Duke of Athol, Revenge, King of the Gipsies, Silvermiue, Conjecture, Zeno, Freo Trade, Hastings, Faro, Rufus, Capri, Quality, Glimmer, Boadicea, Elwood, Gardenia, Silver I King, Fernside, Dirk Hatteraick, The Teacher, Cin cinnatus, Anchorite, Moonshee, Burrilda, Archie, j Nopiccaliua, First Demon, Garfield, Hazard, Waverley, Gasconade. SANDHURST TROTTING CLUB; The race meetiug in connection with the above'sports I will he held to-morrow afternoon at Epsom. The first | race is announced to start at 3 o'clock.. ? ; WRESTLING. ' ' c. MILLER v. DINNIE. A late edition of Saturday's 44 Herald" says:-This I event, which has been looked forward to so long in athletic circles, came oil this afternoon in -the Bijou | Theatre. The conditions were a match of £100 a-side, three styles-GnEco-Romau, Scotch, and mixed wrest ling-the winner of the odd event to bo declared winner of the match. The doors of the theatre were opened at two o'clock for tho admission of the public, and were ut once besieged by a large and enthusiastic body of wquld-bo spectators. The necessary care for the safety of the combatants had been takeu so far as re gards carpeting and sawdustiug the stage of the Bijou. Theatre. Both Dinnie and Miller were to be seeu tak ing part in the preliminary portions of the business,* and each looked the pieturc of health, the veteraa Scotchman especially looking blooming. The pre liminaries of the match itself were settled some time ago, and no hitch occurred prior to the contestants meeting iu tho arena, A limited number of seats had been reserved on the stage, and each of them was kuown to be taken some days ago, the chance therefore of pro? curiug a seat on the day of the match was the very re-; inotest. Both men were reported in excellent health, and on stripping, their conditiou showed very little to I find fault with. Both competitors were loudly cheered j on appearing on the platform, ami Mr, George Leopold brietly made a formal introduction of the wrestlers to ' the audience, Tho first style was the Grceco-Rainau- I wrestle to finish. The curtain rose at ten minutes past ! three, Gh.ECO- ROM'ATT. - The men got together at once, Diunie offering a neck hold,- which, after a moment's sparriug, was broken away. A socoud neck hold fol lowed, and no better result. Diimie.now opened his'' shoulders to Miller, and put the latter on the floor, in what appears to be his favorite position, legs and arms aud hpad to. the ground, and no shifting him, . Miller was quickly on his legs, and auother neck held ended; iu a break nway with heaps of sparring. Miller tried to trip Dinnie, but the old 'un was too wary, aud after an exchange or two Miller was again in his oil position on the floor, aud Dinnie unable to shift him. The play after five minutes altered, and Miller took the. initia tive. He put on the "Freuch hug," that is he got Dinnie's head uuder his left arm, and then tried to lift him up bodily and smash him down. Tho strain was enormous, but Dinnie stood it and escaped the fall, Dinuie retaliated by catching Miller round the neck aud twisting him to the floor-nil fours again-and then the Scotchman worked awuy at Miller's left arm and it looked as if ho had got all tho best of it, when Miller shot round aud was on his legs again. Again did Miller essay tho "hug," and a severe struggle followed, which Diunie again broke away from, and set Miller to the all fours position again. Miller was now tho ag gressor, and aagain administering the hug he held Dinnie fairly up twico in succession, aud then twisted him right over on to his (Dinnie's) back and held him down. Time, 12 niius. First event to Miller; tremen dous cheers followed the announcement of tho result. Tin: SCOTCH STYLE,-On time being called they came to a hold, and Dinnie quickly tried a crossbuttock, but it just missed. At this stylo of wrestling Dinnie has few superiors, and he immediately commenced busi ness again by holding Miller beforo tho latter seemed to kuow what ho was about. Liko a flash of lightning Dinnie twisted his body under Miller, aud again tried the buttock, in winch he was successful so far as throw ing him, but the big man was too quick ia getting away. Miller was cautioned about his head which he started to uso in tho Grffieo-Romau stylo, getting it on to Dinnie's chcst, whereas ir should be head to shoulder to start with. Another severo struggle all over the stage, aud things were looking like a deadlock when Diunie very smartly whipped iu auother of his eel-like twists, and getting well undey Miller's hip, put him clean over. Now commenced the real struggle, for though ho was down, Miller was able to get into the all-fours position. Dinuie was all roundaud over him, aud finally go£ his head well on to the carpet aud held it there in spite of Miller's greatest exertions to re cover his legs, The strugglo was still going on when tho referee touched Dinuie in token of his having held Miller down fqr 30 sees, (as per articles), and the second event was declared in favor of Dinnie. Time-7 minutes. The veteran was loudly cheered all over tho house, and as there were not less than 3,000 persons present, the noise can be guessed at. TUB MIXED STTLE.-This event commenced at two minutes past four o'clock. There was plenty of sparriug for a hold without much chauge to either party, Diunie trying the strength of Miller's left leg a couple of times without result. Miller then twice tried a buttock in succession, but missed getting under, and Donald for the third time essayed a trip on Miller's left, and missed it. Miller continued to bore in, and after the exchange, Dinuie tried to catch him after the break away, and very nearly did it, aud then fairly pitched him into Millor's usual position all fours, but not considering it worth while to go, he let him rip. Miller rushed Dinuie several times, and on one occasion, at least, was all over him, when the chairs were in tho road, which spoilt the game. Miller tried the " hug " twice, but was unable to do anything, and then Miller dragged Dinnie down, the cheers being very loud, as Dinuio wriggled out of it, wheu they had been 25 minutes at it. Miller got a hug on, and a fierce bo^t ausi}^ which he got Diunie on to his back for a second only. After an interval of side play, Miller got a neck hold again, but it was done with a rush, and and drove Dinnie outside tho stage. Both men had bellows to mend, but Diunie was sweating considerably. Dinnie hero slipped round, and Miller held him by tho waist, and vory nearly threw him, but on touching tho floor, Miller was up and away without dainago. Diunie lifted Miller, but could not take advantage of tho Jail, aud he then tried a trip on Miller's left but without elfect, Miller rushed tho work whenever he could, but no event of importance occurred till Miller dragged Dinnie dowu and held him. Referees, seconds, reporters, and everybody olse might now have beeu seen on their fiat on the stage looking for the daylk-ht, if any, beneath Dinnie's shoulders, and there it was Tight enough uuder one of them, iu spite of Miller doing all he knew to upset tho old Scotchman, The referee unnounced " No fall" during a moment's pause in the ! cheering, which was the sigual for a good deal of boo hooiug from sonic of the audience. Tho decision was strictly correct, for, though Miller had Diunie dowu, the old 'un religiously kept one shoulder at least three inches oil tho'floor, They had now been going forty minutes, and throughout the whole of this part of tho contest had adhered to Grmco-Roman work. It was remarkable that Dinnie mado no use of his legs, but otherwise he let up on all Miller's bost devices to get him into trouble. The appearance tof both men indi cated the severity of the strugglo. Their singlets wera saturated with perspiration, and in tho efforts to get "holds'-' little .scratches were made in tho skin which showed blood, Dinnie's sin,rlot was almost torn off him, aud ho might as °woll have boon in tho buff. Thoy had beon jroiu" 43 minutes when tho end of the match came. Diunie tried for a body hold and missed. Miller replied with a. " hug," and in a moment had Dinnie down. Now came the excitement, Diunio had gotout of a worse scrape before, and with breathless anxiety the struggle ou tho floor was watched. First of all, Miller got Dinnie's head down, Dinuio being on all fours Then c unoa fearful effort of main strength to shako' off Milter, Dinuie could not do it. Then Miller slowly, aud as if ho was a sort of scrow driver, whi 'h wa.3 bound to turn the screw sooner or later, put Dinuio on to his back and held him there. There was no doubt about this fall. Diunie s head was under Millar's tbitfh. and on the ground; his shoulders were flat ou the floor, and Miller held this position till tho 30 seconds ojpi red. Ho seemed unwilling-to-let go when told to do so by tho referee, but directly the men were on foot again they shook hands cordially and re tired amid tho vociferous cheers of tho spectators Tho watch was therefore awarded.to Miller. The last round occupied 43 mins, 3D sees , the actual struggle m tho last round, which decided the match, occui>yiug tho -ruT" Angus'.' says Tho match was for£100aud tho cha.npi5ual.il> of tho world. _ The cHamiuousliip was at stake, ns Donald Dm.ue cla.mti to liavo won it m nil n-irts of the world except Australia, where Miller unquestionably holds it, Tlio competitors met at tl.e Exhibitiou Building last year to try conclusions, hut owin-to Miller disabling his leg 111 the third round, "lie result was undecided, and the present contest iraE.' therefore,' undertaken. Miller had in h.s favor thg adnintaso of weight, and of lwng at least ten y<*rs ?yonu«er"than his opponent, vdio. ^s trained very fine, llciiiaid Diim.o- states tfwt '-wlulO'Uo '-3 quito reiuly to accept tho refers d6oision, ho ^vaa nearer bom* fairly thrown when "no fall" was given than he was when he lost tho match. Ho says ho was in fairly good con. dltion, but had not quite recovered front an illness ho had in Svdney two months ago, and was rather lighter J than lie should have been. At the same time, he looks I chcerfullv forward to the return match, which is to take place on the 15th instant, as the articles nliow five i styles, and in some of them there is more "leg-work", ; than there "was in Saturday's contest. Miller' "was heartily congratulated by a host of friends, who in vaded his dressing-room as soon as the match was over. ROWING. [Br M GLADIATOR/'] # The rowing season will soon be round again, and now that fine weather 1ms set iu the Lake js beginning to present a lively appearance, and aquatic men may look forward to a prosperous season, which commences iu August. Rowing is'.one of the most invigorating exercises, and it is surprising that a greater number of our young fellows do not x)arfcoke of its advantages, especially those iu drapers' establishments and others in sedentary occupations. This exercise would brace them up for their week's work, aud would not only strengthen the} physical .but'.invigorate the mental frame. If more of this amusement were partaken of we would have less doctors' hills, aud, unlike football, there is no danger- attached to . it. , The sheds of the local rowing'clubs now contain a splendid stock of boats,-and the; accommodation for; mem bers in the shape of dressinir rooms, baths, etc. is most complete. . Both clubs also .possess first-class gymnasiums, everything requisite' for developing' the body being provided. I hope, therefore, to see a large number.of new^mombers join-the ranks of the two clubs .this year. The lake is.now to be seen afc its best, bciiig surrounded with a beautiful green sward, and the boats Of the two clubs have lately been repaired and painted. Everything is now in first-class prder, and it will not bo for want of material that either one of the clubs isnotable to turn out a Beach, or a Hanlan. Speakiug of sculling, Sandhurst has a fair representa tive in P. Plauigan (Bfindigo), who. would,-1 think, make it. exceedingly uucpiufortable for even the Mel -bourne rowers... . , .... .. The Sandhurst Rowing .Club hold'their annualmeet-. -in# -to-night at Buriridge's, and I hope the members "will elect a more energetic committee than the retiring one,' some of whom uevereveu put in" an appearance at the ;lake/ Mostly all'tlie work, has, been, left on, the shoulders of the unfortunate'captain; and members will, no doubt, remember this when electing the new com ..mittes. ;.Tbere is to be d spread after the meeting. : .,c.The hon. sec. of the Sandhurst Rowing Club .{Mr. J. . Coleman) having left tlie district, it will he necessary ] to appoiut a new man in his place. Mr. Coleman made a most energetic* secretary,' and it will be .difficult to fill his place.* 1 ; ' . : ' '. . " : : I notice .that Mr, J. L.; Irvine; late captain of the Sandhurst club, has been appointed to the. sdtne posi 'tion iu the Melbourne Rowing Club. .. .; : 3RLDGEWATER RIPLE CLUB .. ..The eleventh competition for the silver trophy pre sented by Mr. Catto, and the money pi izes given by Mr. "Wright took'i>lace ou Saturday at the butts.-19 members fired, and the: shooting'was in some instances .good. '.Mr. I). M'Naily secured a " leg in'' with a score of SI. Seven shots were fired at each range, military position. In addition to Mr. M'Nally)s score of 81, Mr. M. Shea made 78j Mr; A. Allison, 7G:'Mr. H. M'Dougall, 74; and Mr. W. Johns, 73. - i S FOX TERRIER .COURSING. A numerously attended meeting of the Sandhurst Fox .Terrier Coursing Club was held at Pallett's Royal Hotel last evening;3Ir. R. J. Moorhead occupied the chair. It was resolved that the stake which is to be run for to-morrow should be decided by " catch-ancl hold." The following officers were elected to carry out the various arrangements in connection with the meet ing:-Messrs. W. D. Jones, Epson, hon. judge; T. Jenseu, slipper; J. Cotfolau, starter; T. F. James, slip steward. It was decided that the first pair of dogs be in the slips at 3.15 p.m., aud that five mimites grace be allowed to each pair. During the evening several gentlemen present signified their intention of present ing trophies to be run for during the present snason. The secretary was instructed to write to the Sandhurst Gan Club, asking theui to postpone their match which has beeu arranged to take place on "Wednesday, in order to prevent it clashiug with the coursing. Considering the great amount of interest which is being manifested in the forthcoming meeting,, there should be a large attendance of spectators, whilst additional attraction is provided by horse racing,, including trotting, etc. The folloSving is the '.draw:-J.' Pierce's Hopewell against T.' Burn's Bloom, R. P. Crowe's Commotion agaiiist J. Coiiolan's' Countess, C. Wood's (senr.) N6ttle against Hyden's Riot, T. Thompson's Rose against W. -Wood's-Paddy, ~W. Hemming's Venom against R. J. Moorhead's Dick Dead-eye, R. J. Moor head's Scamp against J. Quinn's Jack, T. Thompson's Rip agaiust Charlton's Schnapps, J, Heifernan's bnap :agaiust J. Taylor's Boxer. r i FOOTBALL. Peg Leg Juniorfe vITorthlSaudhurst, at Show Grounds to-morrow. Peg Leg team- Hansen, Arglo, Browne, Boweu, Casey, Daly, Davies, Jayne, Itelly, Lewis, Metcjilfe/..Magnar, ^Possitoe,'-Ryan,. Smith, Taylor, Willnuns "(2); Berryman, Glendenning, L. Brown, Morris. Reserve-Chadwick,.Ffinnarty, Laws. * "In Iconsequence of the cup match,--Eaglehawk v. Sandhurst'taking.place at Back Creek to-morrow, there'' will lie no match between,the Bendigo and Eaglehawk Imperials. Saudhurst Imperials v. Long Gully Alberts (23) in Reserve, to-morrow;1; Imperial team-Bray (2), Cook, (Bradley; Southby, ]Wilsoii,: Griffiths, Miller fcewton, jDeauj Nfcilson, irevarrow (2), Blackler, Long (2), Izatt, . Cahill, Buckuiul, Andrews, Ross, Sharp, Liddle, Rover, Mage'e, D>ewar, Charles, Colhus, Jarrett, Horsefield. The match Golden-square Juniors v. Peg Leg was won l>3' Golden-square, who obtained 1 goal 15 behinds to 2 beliinda. Lowdeuj-Hurst, Yuccan, Llewllyn.played best for "Peg Leg, and Huston, Hardy, NVestaway, Brokeiishiro.and W. Thirl well played splendidly. Mr. Wilson made a very impartial central umpire. . Sandhurst w'Etiglehawk, at Back Creek to-morrow. Saudhurst team - Brew, Cordner, Conway, Davis, Eadie, Fox* G}eeson,;Bampsou,. Heine, Hillson, Kerr, M'Creeth,: Nosworthy, (2), O'Loughlin, Skelian, Wilson Solomon,. Walker,Walters.. Emergency - George, Tolmie, Moir.! 1 Eaglehawk' team- Berrimnu, Bennett, Butler,'Chappie,'Charles, Ferguson, Harvey (2), Hicks. (2), Jamieson>'Loggo, Morgan, Oates, Pearson, Pabst, Bobbins, Rutherford, Simiuouds, Steward. Reserve Keast, Temby, ;\yalls. '/[, : J . 