THE FIRST PLENARY COUNCIL OF AUSTRALASIA. ?*- ? \ ? A GREAT ASSEMBLY IN ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. The magnificent event of Sunday last, apart froni its deep religious significance as marking a new and solemn epoch in our history, cannot be con sidered as other than a great and crowning happi ness for all Australasia, and the feelings of pride and joy inspired by the event have been shared, ?we venture to say, not only by those who were privileged to participate in the glorious celebra tion, but by all good Catholics. The thrilling splendour of the ceremonies — the fascinating com bination of art, eloquence, and music — and the varied features of beauty, grace, and tenderness, by which they were characterized, were of them selves amply sufficient to make the occasion impressively great and memorable ; but it is only by looking at the past of our religion in this land, and by calmly com paring the privations, trials, and the sacrifices of the first Catholics with the inestimable privileges, benefits, and blessings we ourselves enjoy, that the true and full significance of the celebration can be properly appreciated. Sixty-five years ago —it was early in 1820— John Joseph Therry landed on these shores with another saintly mis sionary, Father Philip Connolly, and from the Venerable Archpriest' s assumption of ecclesiastical authority the history of our Australian Church is dated. Archpriest Jeremiah O'Flinn, who arrived in Sydney on the 9th of November 1817, had for a short period, under extreme hardships, and in the face of bitter persecutions, ministered to the poor Catholics of those days, and earlier still in 1802 three exiled Irish priests, Fathers Harold, O'Neill, and Dixon, had endeavoured with unexampled heroism and apostolic tender ness to dispense the consolations of religion in what was then a wild and cheerless land ; but it was the gentle confessor — Archpiiest Therry, ' the Father of the Australian Priesthood,' as he has been lovingly named ; whose hallowed re mains rest in our city Catholic cemetery — who laid in meekness and humility the foun dations of the Church whi^n. now stands in vigour, strength, and comeliness, the pride and the wonder of the Christian world. In the marvellous history of our holy Faith, there is no thing more wonderful, nothing more instructive or more cheering, than the sp.ead and development of religion in Australia, and it would be incredible were we not all the happy witnesses of the fact that a Cardinal-Archbishop with no less than sixteen learned and zealous prelates should be assembled in solemn Council,, surrounded by dis tinguished theologians and representatives of nearly all the illustrious Orders of the Church, in the very place whore little more than half a century ago two poor and humble Irish mis sionaries — the pioneers of the Faith in this continent — toiled in silence and in sadness, yet not without brave hopes and prophetic dreams of the great Catholic establishment, the dawn of which they were spared to see before being called to their heavenly, reward. And here we may be permitted to remark that perhaps of all living souls the greatest joy in regard to the celebration of the holding of the Plenary Council in Sydney will be felt by the venerable, gracious, and cultured prelate, now Bishop of Birmingham, England — the Most Rev. William Bernard Ullathorne— who far away back in 1833 was the first Vicar- General of Australia. True it may be that the gorgeous ceremonial of Sunday, with all the surroundings of vitality and brightness, was more suggestive of the present greatness and future glory of the Church than of its trials, struggles, and desperate achievements in the past; yet who could, help remember ing that the very building which was the scene of the great assembly is consecrated by the memories of the holy ; priests and bishops who built the old and commenced the. new Sb. Mary's ; and who could forget, even amidst the moving splendour and stateliness of Sunday's celebration, that each one present was bound by religion and gratitude, to remember tenderly and lovingly all the departed servants of God whose names are associated and whose histories are inextricably interwoven with all that is noble and all that is enduring in: the sacred edifice ?. The gifted preacher on Sunday in his masterly discourse made graceful and touching allusion to the two lamented predecessors of the Car dinal- Archbishop — John Bede Polding and Roger Bede Vaughan — and there must have been many in the congregation who re called to their minds the sanctity, the ser vices, and the sacrifices of M'Encroe, Davis, Woolfrey, Dwyer, and all the other good and holy men—the first workers of the Australian Church— who have passed away to Heaven. How profoundly instructive to those outside our Faith must have been that first assembly of the prelates and clergy of the Council on Sunday : instructive as a striking illustration of the power and unity of the Catholic Church, for there were bishops and priests of all nationalities — Irish, English, French, Germans, Italians, and Australians— from the various dioceses of Australasia, all bound together in a bond of religious harmony and discipline. It was fitting that tho proceed ings should have commenced with such stately pomp and ceremony as was witnessed on Sunday morning, especially as it is our good fortune to have as the President of the Council a Prince of the Church; and the effect of the 'imposing cele bration, while it was cheering and consoling to Catholics, we are sure, has not been in effectual in inspiring feelings of reverence for our Church among our separated brethren. The whole ceremonial was well ordered and well carried out, and while everything was in keeping with the dignity and importance of the occasion, there was no 'attempt at display or ostentation of any kind. One of the most interesting and at the same time one of the most creditable features was the public procession. The children of the boys' and girls' schools attached to the Cathedral and the members of the various religious, charitable, and benefit societies connected with the Church formed an immense guard of honour for the Cardinal and prelates, and as the pro cessionists passed into the Cathedral, adorned with silk sashes embroidered in silver and gold arid wearing glittering regalia of various kinds— banners flying, gleaming emblems held aloft, and all 'joining in the Church's hymns — the pageant presented a gorgeous aspect. It would be im possible to conceive anything aiore imposing or more deeply affecting than the sacred ceremonies within the immense Cathedral. All that art could accomplish or devotion suggest was em ployed to make the opening of the Council truly grand and memorable. There is no more beautiful or more elevating ceremonial of worship in the world than the Sacrifice of the Mass, and excepting when the Holy Father himself, in St. 'Peter's, offers this Sacrifice there is none more majestically solemn than when a Cardinal- Archbishop in his own Cathedral with ample service and full rite sings Pontifical Mass. When that Mass has- such an altar and such a shrine as Sb. Mary's, wibh the accessories of elesant decoration and exquisite music, the ideal of the noble and beautiful in re ligion may be said to be realized. Never in its history had so many prelates and dignitaries knelt in prayer on the mosaic sanctuary of St. Mary's, and rarely will it be possible again except perhaps at the close of the Council to collect at any single ceremony so venerable, so pictur esque, and so wonderful a gathering. Hav ing invoked the blessing of God in the Holy Mass, the bishops addressed themselves to the grave and responsible duties which will occupy their attention during this a7id another week, and it should be the prayer of the faithful, that the Council may close as gloriously and as happily as it opened. The Sovereign Pontiff, who so recently and so graciously conferred the honour of the princely dignity of Cardinal on the colonies in the person of our beloved Archbishop, has again manifested Ms affectionate regard for this distant portion of his flock by sending a message of loving felicitation to the Council. This little circumstance — the Vicar of Christ on earth from the Chair of Peter sending his apostolic blessing to an assembly of faithful, loyal, and devoted bishops in a distant quarter of the globe— in a simple yet beautiful form, strikingly illustrates the 'wondrous universality of the Holy Catholic Church. THE OPENING- CEREMONIES. On Saturday, the firsb Private Congregation took place. A meeting of the. Bishops was held in the Cardinal's residence, St. Mary's, at ten o'clock, and in the afternoon, the inaugural sitting of the whole Council took place in the Cathedral with the doors closed. On Saturday, only the pre liminaries were arranged, die formal public open ing of the Council taking- place on Sunday, with all appropriate solemnity, dignity, and splendour. According to the program my of the day, the cere monies were to commence with a procession around the Cathedral, and shortly after ten o'clock the singing of a procession-hymn by child voices in the Cathedral grounds announced that the pageant, which was to open tlie proceedings, had begun. Out from the northern gate, adjoin ing the Cardinal's residence, into St. Mary's road, headed by a glittering banner of Our Lady, came several hundred children of the Cathedral girls' schools, under tho charge of their teachers, the Sisters of Charity. Some of the senior pupils, who followed the banner-bearer, wore +he pic turesque blue cloak of the Children of Mary, and all the rest were prettily dressed in white, and with their floral wreaths, their sashes and ribands of cardinal silk, and their graceful veils, the long line of little ladies presented a charming and fairy- like appearance. Holding aloft a gorgeous banner of Sb. Joseph as their standard, the pupils of the Marist Brothers' Cathedral boys' school, who came next, some three hundred strong, with the black-cloaked Brothers here and thereas marshals, looked exceedingly well. The lads marched like soldiers, and there Avas quite a brilliant display of sashes, some wearing cardinal, some green, others blue, and many crimson ; and among both the girls and boys, the badge of the Juvenile Total Absti nence Association was conspicuous. Singing, with simple yet touching sweetness, the fondly familiar hymns in honour of Our Lord and the Blessed Virgin, the children led the procession down St. Mary's-road, and up Woollooniooloo street to College-street, the members of the Holy Catholic Guild, the Catholic Total Abstinence Association, the Holy Family Sodality, and the Society of St. Vincent de Paul fol lowing' in order with their officers in. charge. All the societies were well represented, and the handsome regalia of the Guilds was especially noticeable among- tho badges and insignia. The prelates and clergy, who had vested in the Cardinal's residence, and who by arrange ment were to join the procession when it reached the College-street gate, near the bell-tower, were in waiting beneath tho cool shade of the trees in the Cathedral grounds ; and at the proper time the master of ceremonies led the ecclesiastical portion of the imposing pageant into the crowded street — priests, prelates, and pri'* ??-? the Church chanting the ' Veni Creator Spin oius' as the pro cession moved on to the great western entrance oi the Cathedral. Hundreds who were unable to gain admission to the church stood reverently in the street to watch the procession, and behind, the railings of Hyde Park, opposite the Cathedral, an interested crowd of several thousand persons was gathered. The bells in the tower rang out their thrilling peal in loudest and grandest tones, and the mingled sound -of the joy bells and the melodious Church Hymn produced an effect, taken together with the varied emotions of the .novel and beautiful scene, indescribably im pressive. Amidst all the glories of one of Nature's brightest and fairest days, with the brilliant sun shine adding new richness to the splendid vesture of the prelates and officiating- clergy, the pro cession entered the sacred edifice, all joining in a joyous psalm. A shining silver cross held high aloft came first in the pageant ; then two by two the sanctuary attendants in scarlet robes and white lace, looking like so many little cardinals ; then the clergy of the various dioceses and various Orders in soutan, surplice, and biretta. The Jesuits, the Marists, and the Vincentians, tho Eedeniptorists and the Franciscans, mingle in the ranks of the secular clergy wearing- tho ordinary attire ; but here and there is a Benedictine in solemn black and a white-robed Carmelite. A long and pic turesque line is that. of the clergy, many of them noble, venerable-looking men of striking presence even in such a throng, and many with white hair, the crown of age and of service. Following the, clergy and the members of the various Orders came the theologians and officials of the Council— ^the clerical dignitaries and the, presidents cross-bearer accompanied by acolytes. But now a statelier procession enters with the gleam of purple and. of gold. Copes of the flaming colour of the Ploly Spirit are seen, and with their heads decked with the mystic armour of the champions of the Church fifteen bishops ap pear -. Prom north, south, east, and west, the Bi shops have come to give their voices in the great Council, and there are few in the vast congrega tion of five thousand or more who are not movod to reverence and veneration by the presence of these brave, holy, and vigilant shepherds of the fold — these worthy leaders and champions of our Faith beneath the Southern Cross. One venerable figure is missing from the mitred prelates, one whose honoured age and historic services would have added still more pathos and dignity to the noble and stately array. The place in the epis copal ranks which should have been occupied by the aged prelate who for well nigh a half a cen tury has laboured in this continent, and who now. as Archbishop presides over the See of Mel bourne, is filled by his distinguished and cul tured Procurator. Crossbearers and thurifers, acolytes and priests, bishops and chaplains, march on, steadied now and then by the master of ceremonies. A short pause, and while 'banner, cro-s, and cope Gleam down the incensed aisle' the Cardinal-Archbishop's attendants — the Very Eev. Dr. Carroll, V.G., Very Eev. Dean M'Carthy, Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, and Fathers Byrne and Farrelly, all vested as ministers of the mass which is to follow — appear in the cathedral, and a moment afterwards his Eminence himself passes beneath the arch, and enters with slow and stately step — with hand uplifted in benediction over the kneeling erowd. The Cardinal is vested in amice, alb, cincture, pectoral cross, stole, embroidered red cope, and jewelled mitre, and after him are his train-bearers. It is a moving and beautiful spectacle as the ecclesiastical procession passes through the Cathedral to the sanctuary, and the beauty and impressiveness of the scene are intensified as the groups in the sanctuary are arranged, and the first glimpse is obtained of the Council assembled in order and dignity. Nowhere but in a Catholic Cathedral could such a sublime spectacle have been possible. The gilt massive sanctuary rails, draped with red, crimson carpets stretched in symmetrical lines on the mosaic floor ; the huge stone pillars of the lofty arches hung with scarlet and yellow; the High Altar and shining tabernacle resplendent with gold and silver, lights and flowers, lace and embroidery,; the graceful and elegantly carved reredos, snow white in its purity, and the dazzling mag nificence of the great memorial window in the north gable at the rear of the sanctuary, — all formed a fitting and appropriate setting for tho noble picture of Catholic faith and Catholic unity presented in the brilliant assemblage of prelates, doctors, and priests. Near Dr. Murphy of Hobart, the patriarch of the Australian Church, who has worn the episcopal purple for forty-five years, stands the youthful Bishop Byrne of Bathurst, to whom the staff of authority was entrusted barely half a year ago ; and on the opposite side of the sanctuary the aged Bishop of Perth, Western Australia, occu pies a place near the first Vicar-Apostolic of Northern Queensland. Bishop Murray, Bishop Moore, Bishop Eedwood, Bishop Lanigan, and Bishop Torreggiani are conspicuous figures in the august assembly, and all the other prelates pre sent a dignified appearance. Archdeacon Slattery, the personal representative of his . Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, lias a place of dignity with the bishops in cope and biretta, and Mon signor Hutchinson, of Northern Queensland, humbly attired in a plain black robe, is also in the front ranks set apart for the bishops and procurators. The following is a list of the prelates and clergy in their order on the sanctuary :: — On the Gospel or throne side: The Right Eev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, Tasmania; the Eight Eev. Dr. P. Moran, Bishop of Dunedin, New Zealand ; the Eight Eev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goul burn, N. S. Wales ; the Eight Eev. Dr. Eeynolds, Bishop of Adelaide, South Australia; the Eight Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale, N. S. Wales ; the Eight Eev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Bris bane, Queensland; the Eight Eev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, Victoria; the Eight Eev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst, N. S. Wales ; Archdeacon Slattery, of Melbourne; the Very Eev. Dr. Carroll, V.G., Sydney; the Venerable Archdeacon Eigney, Sydney ; the Very Eev. Dr. Sheridan, Sydney ; the Very Eev. .'Father Muraire, Acting Superior of the Marist Fathers, Sydney; the 'Very Eev. Dr. Corbett, Melbourne ; the Very Ebv. Prior Butler, Carmelites, Melbourne ; the Rev. Father Hennebry, Hobart ; Rev. Father English, Maitland; Rev. Father Nealon, Mait land ; Very Rev. Father Gallagher, Goulburn ; Venerable Archdeacon Russell, V.G., Adelaide ; Very Eev. Dr. Byrne, Adelaide ; Eev. Father Williams, Adelaide ; Eev. Father Sauzeau, S.M., Wellington, N. Z.; Very Rev. Dean Doyle, Armi dale; Eev. William Kelly, S.J., of Sb. Aloysius'. College, Sydney (acting as theologian for the Bishop of Roekhainpton) ; Very Eev. Father O'Callaghan, Vincentians, Sydney, acting for the Bishop of Brisbane; Rev. Father Egan.O.S.B., Auckland, N.Z. ; Rev. Father O'Doud, Ballarat; Eev. Father Herbert, Ballarat ; Very Rev. Dean Tierney, Sandhurst ; Very Rev. Dr. P. Murphy, of Sydney, acting as theologian for the Vicariate of Northern Queensland. On the epistle side, the Eight Eev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland; tlte. Eight Eev. Dr. Grive'r, Bishop of Perth ; the Eight Eev Dr. Red wood/ B isshop of Wellington ; the Eight Rev. Dr.Cani, Bishop of .Rockhampton ; the Right Rev. Dr. Luck, O.S. t-., Bishop of Auckland ; the Right Eev. Dr. Revillo, coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst; the Eight Eev. Monsignor Hutchin son, Vicar Apostolic, Northern Queensland; the Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, Sydney; Very Eev. Dean McCarthy, Sydney ; Very Eev. P. L. Dunne, O.S.F., Superior of the. Franciscans, Sydney; Very Eev. Father Sturzo, S.J., Superior of Jesuits; Very Eev. Dean Beechinor, Hobart ; Eev. Father O'Malley, S.J., St. Ignatius' College, Sydney (acting as theologian for the BiBhop of Dunedin) ; Eev. Father Corcoran, Maibland ; Very Rov. Father Vaughan, Superior of the Rede mp- torists, Maitland ; Very Rev. J. Dunne, Goulburn j Very Rev. Dean Gibney, V.G., Perth ; Very Rev. Father Hordcn, S.J,, Adelaide;, Rev. Father Reshaeur, S.J., Adelaide ; Rev. Father Ahearne, Wellington ; Rev. Father Goutennoire, S.M,, Wellington; Very Rev. Dean O'Connor, Armi dale; Rev.- Father Coinerford, Rockhampton; the Very Rev. A. Sbrele, S.J., Aborignes* Mission, Northern Territory ; Rev. Father O'Reilly, Brisbane ; Very Rev. A. M. Sul livan, O.S.B., Auckland, representative of the New Zealand Benedictines ; Rev. Father Delaney, Ballarat ; Very Rev. Dr. Davy, Sandhurst ; Vener able Archdeacon D'Arcy, Batuurst ; Rev. Father Horan, Bathurst ; Rev. Father Bolger, Bathurst.. Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, of St. Mary's Cathedral.. Sydney, master of ceremonies ; Rev. Vincent. Dwyer, of Maitland, master oi: ceremonies. The- I Right Rev. Dr. Salvador, Bishop of Port Victoria,, I Western Australia, did nob arrive in time to take-- . j part in the opening ceremonies. I In addition to the members of the council, there j were present the Very Eev. D. Clancy, S.J., rector I of St. Aloysius' College; the Very Rev. Dean j Leonard, the Very Eev. Dean O'Connell, the Very Rev. Dean Flanagan, the Very Eev. Dean ? - Kenny, Eev. J. P. Fitzpatrick, Eev. F&ther; H. M. Finnegan, of Gundagai, Diocese of Goulburn ; Eev. Father Fogarty, Inspector of Schools, JDiocese of Goulburn ; Eev. Father O'Farrell, C.S3.E., Eev. Father O'Neil, C.SS.E. ; Eev. Father Coonan, Eev. Father Cummings, S.M. ; and Rev. Father Callory. The Hon. Sir Patrick Jennings, Colonial Seci/e tary, wearing his decorations as Knight of Si. Gregory, and Knight of St. Michael and St. Gaorge ; the Hon. Thomas Slattery, Minister for Justice, and his Honor Judge Faucett, occupied places reserved within the sanctuary for distin guished visitors. In the front benches in' the body of the Cathedral many of the leading Catholics of the colony, members of the Legisla tive Assembly, aldermen, and public officials, were seated, and it was noticeable that among the ladies of the congregation cardinal was largely worn, doubtless as a compliment to the Cardinal Archbishop. The versicles and prayers being ended, the Cardinal President of the Council proceeds. to the-, throne where his Eminence vests for the pontifi cal High Mass. The colour of the vestments oE the day is Eed — red, the colour of the cross, th& colour of the Sacred Heart, the colour of the= martyrs, the colour of the fire of the Holy Spirits the colour, as it seems, the most beautiful and. inspiring among all used by the Church. ' Who is this that cometh from Edoin, with dyed gar ments from Bosra, this beautiful one in His robe, walking in the greatness of His strength?' — 'I that speak justice and am a defender to save' — ' Why then is thy apparel' red, and thy garments like theirs that tread in the wine press-?'— 'I have trodden the wine press alone.' Eed Vest ments are worn on the feasts of the apostles and martyrs, in memory of the blood which they have spilled for Jesus Christ. For it is of them that it is said : ' They have come from the midst of a great affliction, and they have washed and whitened their robes in the blood of the Lamb/* Robed in gorgeous pontificals of satin richly embroidered, scarlet train and red zuchetto;. golden staff in his hand and glittering mitre on his head, the Cardinal celebrant with his minis ters approaches the foot of the High Altar. No\ sound had yet been heard from the choir, but now as the solemn function begins the sweet melodious opening of Guonod's Masse Solennellc gently steals on the ear. The opening strain of the ' Kyrie,' pure and heavenly as the song of an angel, is taken up in chorus by the- hundred voices, and the rich, full harmony, swelling and falling, floods the Cathedral. In the ' Gloria,' stately and jubilant, the choir faithfully interprets the great master's music ; in the 'Credo' all the grace and beauty, the force and splendour, are admirably brought out ; in the tender and moving ' Sanctus ' the voices and organ produce an impressive effect, and in the almost divine ' Benedictus ' the subdued and intensely devotional singing is soul-stirring in its solemnity. . No more suitable Mass could have been selected for the occasion, for in it musical1 splendour and religious sentiment are har moniously blended, and the band, which was dis-' pensed with at the Cardinal's wish in order to have the music as solemn as possible; was not much missed, the exceptional gran deur of the voice parts with so large and powerful a choir compensating for the absence of the orchestral instruments used on festive occasions. All the Catholic choirs of the1 city and suburbs assisted, and the soloists were Mrs. F. J. Eiley, Madame Rosary Merz, Miss Stafford, Mr. Barrett, and Mr. F. J. Hallewell. Mr. Hallewell conducted, and Mr. T. P. Banks played the organ' accompaniment. For the Offer tory, Mr. Halle well- gave a noble rendering of the 'Veni Sancte Spiritu.' During the Mass, his Eminence the Cardinal was: assisted by the Rev. J. Byrne and Rev. J. Farrelly, deacon and sub-deacon of the Mass respectively ; Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, V.G., and Very' Rev. Dean M'Carthy, deacons of the throne ;'? Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, Assistant Priest. The ceremonies of the mass were all notable, all significant, and all beautff ul, and the scene at the' Elevation while the Host was raised amidst the'1 clouds of fragrant smoke, with lights and vessels glittering around, and all heads bowed in adora tion, was of those that touch the sensibilities, tenderly, and linger for ever in the mind as a holy and beautiful memory. Mass over, laying aside : cope and mitre; and appearing- in episcopal mante- ; lebta and rochet, with pectoral cross gleaming on the deep purple, a tall and graceful. prelate ad- - vances and kneels before the altar. He rises, and ? bowing to the two lines of prelates as he passes through the front of the sanctuary, faces the ? ^immense congregation. Ho is the preacher of the day, the Right Rev. Dr. Redwood, S.M., Bishop of Wellington, New Zealand. M any had heard the eloquent bishop on the two memorable occasions in that very Cathedral when his Lordship was the ? selected preacher from the whole hierarchy, and there were many who had heard of his fame and had come to listen to the orator of the Aiistral asian Church. It was a great sermon, worthy of a great occasion. Without a single note or reference the gifted preacher addressed the enor mous assemblage for nearly an hour. By his clear ringing tones in delivering his text the preacher ?arrested the reverent attention of all in the' sacred edifice ; and the attention and interest thus fixed, he retained till his last word, as much . by his dignified presence and his graceful and effective gestures as by his profound earnestness and the moving eloquence of his masterly and brilliant discourse. Appropriately, it may be ineiltioned here, as adding a special interest to this remarkable address, which is fully reported iii 'our pages, that the preacher is, of all the pre-; iates of the Council, the one who may be claimed almost entirely as an Australian Bishop. Dr. Eedwood has spent nearly all his life in the colonies, arriving in New Zealand when merely a boy, and his culture and ability are the result of education and experience both in Australia and ; Europe. BIBHOP REDWOOD'S SERMON. ' Behold I am with you all days, even to the con summation of the world.' — (Matthew xxviii., 10.) Venerable Fathers, beloved brethren of the clergy and laity, — This is indeed a memorable day, and the opening of the fir3t Plenary Council of Sydney is an event in the history of Australasia, the importance and far-reaching effects of which can \- hardly be overrated. Venerable prelates from every portion of the vast extent of this fifth part of the world have come thousands of miles at the ' voice of the eminent Cardinal- delegate who pre sides here to-day, because in that voice they re cognize the voice of Peter and of Christ. They have come together with one heart and one soul, intent en the great object of furthering the interests of Holy CLvurch. and promoting the salvation of men. All of us feel this to-be a moment of . deep solemnity, awful responsibility, and great religions joy. What Catholic could witness to-day's sublime scenes unmoved ? And who would not admire the contrast between the state of the Church in these lands now and what it was half a century ago, when only one Vicar Apostolic ruled the whole of Australia, Tasinajiia, New Zealand, and Oceanica ; while to-day, amid solemn chants and magnificent ceremonies, we contemplate, in this noble Cathedral, so vast a concourse of faithful, so splendid an array of clergy, secular and regular, so grand an as sembly of bishops, representatives of flourish ing churches, with a Cardinal Prince of the Church at their head ? Can we have stronger motives to be thankful for the progress of the past, or more cheering grounds of hope for the future ? The words of the Royal Prophet rise spontaneously to our lips : ' Glorious things are said of thee, O city of God.' We feel in tensely tnat Christ is with His Church when we behold such a display of her energy and life, Seeking for a theme in harmony with the grandeur and significance of this august occasion, I have . determined to take a rapid survey with you of the career of the Catholic Church throughout the chequered course of ages. Her great deeds set forth the divine life which is in her, and among all her achievements none exhibit her vitality, force, and majesty more conspicuously than the glorious line of her Councils. Marvellous creation of God, vast as the firmament, no human mind can take in all her greatness at one view ; no words can adequately express her beauty, power, and glory. Jesus Christ is the incarnate Son of God and the master- work of the Most High. While on earth He proved His divinity, by the fulfilment of the prophecies in His person, by His stupendous miracles, by His Resurrection and triumphant Ascension into Heaven; and ever since He continuously proves the same cardinal truth by His grandest achievement, His ever living, world-wide, and imperishable representa tive—the Holy Catholic Church. Almighty God, the creator of the world, has so stamped it with His adorable perfections, that right reason, behold ing alike in the smallest atom and the universe at large an infinite display of wisdom, power, and goodness, concludes that its origin is divine. In like manner Jesus Christ has imprinted on the Church, His spiritual and visible creation, certain properties which are essentially His own ; pro perties manifested by characteristic notes or marks which allow us to discern the cause by its effect, the worker by his work, and to say with absolute certitude : this is the true Church of God. These properties are incomparable order, exhibited by unity; peerless sanctity, manifested by heroic deeds; magnificent works, and count less miracles; the right and force of expansion evinced by Catholicity ; a divine mission proved by Apostolicity ; and, lastly, as a property per meating and sustaining the rest against the onslaughts of time, destructive of all things else, indefectibility, manifested by perpetuity. So that we cannot logically say ' The Church is the work of Christ,' unless we add ' Christ is God/' and admire the glory of the creation reflected in the Creator. The Church is, so to speak, Jesus Christ Himself ever acting, ever visible in humanity. The tree of life for mankind, she strikes her roots down through past times, even to the dawn of the world. Like Christ, her founder, she ' was yesterday, is to-day, and will be for ever.' Christus hodid heri et in scecula.' The lamb whose blood taketh away the sins of the world was slain from the beginning, 'and the effects of the sacrifice destined to be offered jn Motmt Calvary were applied by antici pation to the first just souls, as they will be applied to the last. Thus the Church has always existed, either prophetic or real ; she embraces all ages, and comprises the whole life of mankind. ..--?- Formed in Adam, announced by the Patriarchs, accredited in Abraham, revealed by Moses.. :?;;??.? prophesied in Isaias, manifested in -Jesus Christ, ; and wedded to Him as his spouse, she is the beginning of all things ; she forms the woof of time, and she will see the end of the world. What a consolation for the children of God ! What a conviction of truth, when we ascend from the pontiffs of the new law to Peter, and by those .. , : of the old law to Aaron, and thence to the Patrljj archs and Adam, and froni Adam to God. What a sequence ! what a marvellous chain ! Verily, the Catholic Church wears on her beauteous brow the twofold seal of God— like Him, she is one and she is eternal. How did Christ form and com mission her to hold His place, fight His battles, and gain His victories unto the end of time ? He chose twelve apostles, and setting Peter over them as their superior in jurisdiction, He made him their centre of unity. Looking upon him, he said, 'Thou art Simon, son of Jona, thou shaltbe called Cephas, which is interpreted Peter,' mean ing rock in the Syro-Chaldaic language then spoken by Christ. A deep purpose is here indi cated. As Abrain's name' was changed into Abraham, that is, father of a multitude, when he was appointed to be the father of the chosen people, so Simon's name was changed into Peter, to show that he was marked out for some special design not yet revealed. That special design was unfolded later on when our Lord, in reward for Simon's profession of faith in His Divinity, said to him ; ' And I say to thee, thou art Peter, and upon this rock I -nill build my church^ and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of Heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt bind upon earth shall be bound also in Heaven; and what soever the u shalt loose upon earth shall be loosed also in heaven ' (Matt. xvi. — 13, et seq.) Christ makes him a magnificent promise that he shall one day be the foundation of His Church. On this rock, on Peter, Christ will build His Church, and because she will be built on this rock, the gates of hell shall not prevail against her. She shall be enduring and invin cible. Peter is the centre of unity for Christ's disciples ; Peter, is the support of the Church. And the full meaning of his sublime office is brought out in the next clause of the sentence, ' And I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven.' The kingdom of heaven is Christ's customary appellation of his Church. The sym bolism of the keya is most expressive. The giving of the keys of a building, or of a city, indi cates the giving of power and control over home . or city. Thus, in the Apocalypse, the Lord speaks of Himself as ' having the keys of death and of hell ;' and, again, as -'having the key of David : he that openeth and no man shutteth : shutteth. and no man openeth.' Peter, by receiving the keys, becomes the master, the Prince of the Church ; and to his power no limits are assigned. ' Whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth, shall be bound in Heaven ; and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in Heaven.' Again, the same promise of supremacy as law-giver, foundation, and strength of the Church is made to him, when Christ says to him : ' Simon, Simon, behold Satan hath desired to have you that he may sift you as wheat, but I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not, aiHd thou being once converted confirm thy breth ren.' (Luke xxxii., 31-32.) Christ addresses the apostles, Peter included. They are, He tells them, to be sorely tried. ' Satan has sought you (plural pronoun) that he may sift you as wheat.' How are they to be strengthened ? By Christ himself ? No. ' I have prayed for thee, Simon,' He says, now addressing Simon alone, ' that thy faith fail not, and thou confirm thy brethren.' Peter is to be the strengthener, guardian, and support of the other aposties, who again will strengthen the body of His disciples. Now, these magnificent promises made to Peter were fulfilled by Christ after His resurrection. The promise of Peter's supremacy was the raward of his faith ; the in vestiture of that supremacy was the reward of his love. ' Simon, lovest thou me ?' our Lord thrice said to him, and upon his triple protesta tion of love, a triple charge was laid upon him. ' Feed, my lambs, feed my lambs, feed my sheep.' ? Peter, under Christ, is the supreme shepherd, the leader, the master of the flock, sovereign over lambs and sheep. Here lies the secret of the marvellous unity of the Church, the principle or bond by which it is secured. One apostle in various ways is dis tinguished by Christ from his brethren. He re ceives a new name ; on him the Church is built ; he is marked as her support; the keys of the king dom are bestowed upon him ; he is appointed to strengthen the other apostles against the assaults of Satan ; he is, because of this charge, the object of Christ's special prayer ; he is entrusted with the whole flock, which he is to feed and govern. Here we have the supreme government of the Church, the prince of the kingdom, the ruler of the city, the pastor of the flock. Here we have the chieftain through whom corporate action in the apostolate is possible ; here we have the general-in- chief of the great world-wide army of Christ. Having thus built His Church on Peter, the rock, Christ pi'oceeds to appoint the other apostles, under Peter, as teachers and leaders of the faithful. After 'His restirrection, for 40 days, he appeared often to them, ' speaking to them of the kingdom of God,' that is, of His Church ; and ' He opened their understanding that they might understand the scriptures.' (Acts i., 3.) He promised to give them the Holy Ghost, 'the spirit of truth, to abide with them for ever.' He told them that the Holy Ghost, whom He would send upon them, would teach them all things, and bring to their mind all things whatsoever He had said to them.' (John xv. — passim.) He com manded them to stay in the city of Jerusalem ' until they should be endued with power from on high.' (Luke xxiv., 48.) Then He gave them His grand commission : ' As the Father hath sent Me, I also send you.' (John xx., 21.) 'All power is given to Me in heaven and on earth. Going, therefore, teach ye all nation?, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all' things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and behold Ijjani with you all days, even to the con summation of the world.' (Matth. xxviii., 18,19, 20.) Let no man dispute the authority of your mission ; for it is the same as My own. 'As the Father sent Me, I also send you.' Let no man question your power ; for it is Mine : 'And all power is given to Me in heaven and on earfch.' ' Going, therefore' (a grand conclusion), 'teach ye all nations.' . ... 'Preach the gospel to every creature.' (Mark xvi., 15.) It is a solemn and strict command I give. On your peril you cannot shirk it. ' Teaching them to observe all things whatso ever I have commanded you.' Teaching them not to pick and choose, not to observe this or that portion of My creed and My laws, but the whole of them. 'All things whatsoever I have com manded you.' And, that men may not say that you fail in the first century, or the fifth, or the sixteenth, or the nineteenth, or any other century, ' behold I am with you all days, even to. the con summation of the world.' Empowered with this sublime and everlasting commission, the Apostles, after witnessing, together with a crowd of dis ciples, the glorious ascension of their Lord, remained in Jerusalem, according to His injunc tion, awaiting, in holy prayer and meditation, with Mary His mother and His other disciples, the coming of the Holy Ghost. Ten days after, when they were altogether in. one place, ' Suddenly there came a sound from Heaven, as of a mighty wind coming, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting. And there appeared to them parted tongues, as it were of fire, and it sat upon every one of them, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they began to speak with divers tongues, according as the- Holy Ghost gave them to speak. ' (Acts ii., 1 seq.) What a day ! What a glorious era unparalleled in the history of the Church ! The Bride of Christ goes forth in all the vigour of youth and the splendour of divine beauty, complete in all parts and worthy of in carnate wisdom, like her divine Master ' full of grace and truth,' armed at all points in the panoply of heaven, one in Christ her Founder, one in Peter her foundation, one in the Apostles and their successors, commissiored under Peter and his successors to teach mankind unto the end of time. The news of the great Pentecostal event spread like a conflagration through the city of Jeru salem. Crowds of men from every nation under heaven rushed together, amazed and wondering, rf because every man heard the Apostles speaking in his own tongue.' Peter, the first here and every where else, addresses the awe-stricken m ul titude. He who once trembled and denied his Master at the voice of a handmaid now fearlessly proclaims His resurrection and announces 'that He is the only Saviour of the world. Now, indeed, as his Lord foretold, a matchless fisher of men, he throws hia net, and 3000 souls are his capture. A second cast on another day brings in 5000 more. Meanwhile the other Apostles are not idle, but are rapidly swelling the ranks of the Christian army. Heirs of the power of that omnipotent Lord, they work the most astounding miracles, as when Peter cured the ijoor cripple at the temple gate — 'Silver and gold I have none, but what I have I give thee ; in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth; arise and walk.' And the man was cured upon the spot, and, leaping up, he walked and bounded to the temple praising God. (Acts iii.) The people are overjoyed, and flock to the standard of Christ. In vain are the Apostles arrested, and scourged, and com manded to cease preaching in the name of Jesus. The more boldly do they proclaim Him to be the ' Corner-stone,' the only Saviour of men ; and they go forth rejoicing that they were accounted worthy to suffer reproach for the name of Jesus. (Acts v.) So the Church grew and spread with amazing rapidity throughout Judea and Samaria, until a fierce persecution scattered the Apostl'us among the nations. Then she engaged in a terrible conflict with the idolatry, pride, passion, and power of the vast Roman Empire. She came to the foot of the Capitol ; she met the people coming from the cruel circus; she preached charity to barbarous men and women who had just been applauding tigers and panthers gorged with the quivering flesh of gladiators ; she preached purity to human monsters that the mere representation of vices was unable to satisfy, and that required to see them in action on the stage, ashamed of its own abominations. She ap proached the rich, whose morals, parties, banquets, spectacles were the horror of nature, and she announced to them that it is harder for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven than ' for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle.' She sat beneath the chair of the conceited philosophers who had busied themselves in gathering into the eclectic school of Alexandria all the errors of the old world — that is, the maxims of pride, pleasure, and selfish interest — and she said to them, ' Cease your vain labours ; now you must believe what you cannot understand — what is too grand for your weak reason — the Trinity, the Incarnation, the Redemption ; you must crucify your flesh and bend the knee before the crucified Jew.' She penetrated into the palace of the Caesars, trampled on their altars, degraded them from the rank of gods which they had proudly usurped, and told them they must die. They answered with con centrated rage, 'Not we, but you shall die, ye base sectaries of a vile superstition.' 'Die you shall,' answered the unanimous voice of slaves, people, rich men, philosophers, and emperors. Mind and force were both leagued against the society of the saints. Celsus and Porphyry attack the Church in the name of philosophy and criticism. Tacitus brands her in the name of history as the enemy of the human race. Pliny wields the sword to slay her, and the pen to defend his deal ings with her in the eyes of Trajan his master. But Trajans are Neros in regard to the Church. The literature which stigmatises her is only the expression of the society which condemns her. For three centuries her blood flowed in torrents. The Roman Empire strove to drown her in her own blood. She was pursued in town, country, and desert ; she hid herself in the gloom of the Catacombs. All the woes of the Empire were laid to her charge. If an earthquake occurred, if the lightning smote a temple or a theatre, the cry was, ' The Christians to the lions,' and frightful tortures followed. Nay, Christians were com-, monly known by the instruments of their tor ments — men called them ' wretches of the rack, or the gibbet, or the pile.' (Tertullian.) Neither age, nor sex, nor rank, nor services to the com monwealth found mercy before the tyrant. Twelve millions of Christians are said, on good authority,; to have died for their faith during the ten chief persecutions in the space of 300 years. At length the victory of heathenism seemed secure. The Emperor Diocletian had medals struck and pillars erected with this inscription, ' (Jhristiano nomine deleto' — 'The Christian name abolished.' Vain illusion ! absurd flattery ! Why, it is Paganism which falls and Christianity that triumphs. Ten years after Diocletian's miserable death the Church rose triumphant from the Catacombs, and, in the person of Constantine, her noble brow graced with wounds and victories,', took her seat on the throne of the converted Caesars. Paganism never recovered from this overthrow. Later on, under Julian the Apostate, it made the last des perate effort; and that, too, in the name of science, as our modern Julians are doing by their secular education, though differently. Observing that the Church had ever grown by persecution and bloodshed, Julian resolved to destroy her by intellectual starvation. He forbade the Christians to teach — he forbade them to learn; he closed against them the imperial schools and every im portant charge in the empire. Lucian scoffed at them in his dialogues, and Julian in his letters. 'Let them have,' he would jeeringly say, 'for their historians, poets, and orators, their Matthew, their John, their Luke, and their Paul.' He ap plauded the apparent success of his crafty wicked ness. One day, seeing a Christian Solitary digging his garden, he said to him in a tone of boastful insult, ' Well, what is the Galilean doing now ? ' ' He is digging a grave,' calmly replied the brave Christian. It was Julian's grave he alluded to. A few months after the Apostate died, at the very time when he expected certain victory, pierced with n arrow, in a sudden attack, before he could don his armour. Some writers relate that in rage and despair he hurled his blood against heaven and expired saying, ' Galilean1, thou hast conqueeed.' Admirable providence of God! In the very days -when Julian planned the destruction of the Church by ignorance, God raised up some of the greatest geniuses that ever honoured mankind— the Augustins, the Jeromes, the Basils, Ambroses, and a host of others— who glorified in concert the Greek and Latin Church, and enriched the world with immortal master pieces of poetry, history, and eloquence. Under the name of ' Fathers of the Church' they hold the first place in the veneration of ages, and extort respeGt from the most sceptical. They had a formidable task before them — the transformation of that s.-'-.iety, enervated by three eenturies of slavery, and gangrened with every refinement of corruption. They poured over the East and the West the light of the true and the beautiful. A hundred years after the peace of the Church they had covered the world with good works and splendid writings ; they had created an asylum for every pain, a protection for every weakness, a patri mony for every misfortune, lessons and examples for every truth and virtue. Yet, even they were powerless, on their own admission, to transform the pagan world. The political victory of Chris tianity, far from affording the definitive triumph of Christian principles in society, had provoked the recrudescence of every vice which faith sought to destroy. Constantine and his successors were baptized ; but the empire and the imperial power were not. From protectors of the Church the emperors aspired to be her oracles and masters. Foiled in their attempt, they persecuted, in the name of Arius and other heretics, as their predecessors had done for the sake of Jove and Venus. So fierce was the persecution of Catholics, in favour of Arianism, by the Emperors Constantius and Valens, that it was deemed a prelude of the persecution of Antichrist. Every heresiarch found an auxiliary on the Imperial throne : After Arius, Nestorius ; after Nestorius, Eutyches — on we march from persecution to per secution, not at the hands of the heathens, but of ? spurious Christians. Never did the Church pass through a more cruel ordeal ; never was she nearer the precipice from which she is always rescued by the promised power of God. More deplorable still was the state of civil society. Outwardly Christian, it was inwardly Pagan to the core : Pagan in its institutions, laws, and manners ; Pagan in its unspeakable corruption ; Pagan in its learned, fiscal, all-pervading, all-crushing des potism. Then glory, genius, virtue, courage, liberty, whatever honours lif e and manhood, were found well-nigh exclusively in the Catholic Church. She struggled on for the salvation of souls and the victory of truth ; but such despotism and corruption were past remedy ; the old Pagan world was in its death agony. The Empire was slowly sinking in a sea of degradation and contempt. In the spiritual order, it was hastening on to that schism which, tinder the Caesars of Byzantium, was to sever from unity and truth more than half the world converted by the apostles. J n the temporal order, it was fast tending to that regime of the lower em pire whose very name is an insult and ignominy. The Roman empire was doomed to be swept away by the providential invasion of the Barbarians. Once obscure victims and despised prisoners of' the early Caesars, then their auxiliaries, alter nately sought and dreaded ; lastly, the victors and ruthless masters ef the degraded empire, they poured in from all directions, not like a passing torrent, but a resistless rising tide, ad vancing, receding, and finally possessing the land. Wave after wave rolled on, merging alike what was fair and foul in the civilized world. They descend the valley of the Danube, on the way to Byzantium and Asia Minor. They scale the Alps and rush down on Italy. They cross the Rhine, climb the Vosges, the Cevennes, the Pyrenees, inundated Gaul and Spain. The Orient hopes to escape them. Vain illusion ! They invade it from the heights of Caucasus. The Northern wolves (as St. Jerome calls them), reeking with human blood, slake their fiery thirst in the waters of the Euphrates. Egypt, Phoenicia, Palestine, though un visited in their invasions, are already their captives by fear. ? ? They are not one people, like the Romans, but 20 independent races. They feel themselvesimpelled by an invincible instinct, and they bear in their bosoms the destiny and institutions of future Christendom. They have meanwhile one common instinct, the instinct of destruction. Genseric is embarking. 'Master, to what nations are you now carrying war ? ' 'To those on whom God's wrath is kindled. ' Alaric is stopped by a hermit. 'Let me go, ' he says, ' a stronger than I urges me on to the sack of Rome.' 'But you: will have to fight a multitude driven to V; des peration. ' 'The thicker the grass : the easier to mow,' lie replies. Attila boasts no fear, save the falling of the heavens on his head ; Attila says of himself, ' The star falls, the earbh trembles : I am the scourge of God.' Visible instruments of Divine justice, they unconsciously avenge oppressed nations and martyred saints. They destroy to replace ; they shed blood, but mostly blood unfit for life— they renew with their own blood the exhausted sap of Europe. These wild destroyers of a civilization which they could neither understand nor imitate now stood face to face with a still more strange and mysterious force — the philosophy of love, the Holy Catholic Church. Who will discipline these untamed races? Who will train them to the arts of lif e and government ? Who will teach them to found kingdoms and societies? Who will soften them without enervation ? Who will preserve them from contagion, and see that they do not rot before they are ripe ? — the Catholic Church. But the Church by her schools, and chiefly by her monks. They were there by the hand of God to meet the terrible emergency; they spread noiselessly through the empire, arid when the barbarians came they were there to encounter them; and out of their noble but savage elements they created the family of Chris tian nations, the great and glorious fabric of Christendom. We are the result of their prayer, teaching, and labours, and whenever our eye meets the steeple of a Catholic Church let us re 'lnernber that Europe owes its superior and pro gressive civilization mainly to the Catholic' Church — the Catholic Church with her Pope, her Bishops and priests, her monks and nuns, her preaching, her sacraments, her grand ritual, and most of all her captivating example. A Pope sent Augustine to England, and Patrick to Ireland, Boniface to Germany, and a host of other apostles to the dif ferent nations of Europe, which thus received the Faith, aud with it the principles of Christian, civilization. So the Church overcame barbarism. But another force attacked her — a force aided by all the seductions of the mind and the flesh. At the beginning of the 7th century, a man arose in Arabia from the midst of his tribe, and was indig nant at seeing 360 idols in the temple of his ances tors. Forming a religion which is a strange but attractive medley of Judaism, Christianity, and Paganism, Mahomet fascinated the tribes of Arabia, and appealed to the sword for supremacy of doctrine. With the scimitar in one hand and the Koran in the other, he said : ' God is God, and Mahomet is his prophet/' He kindled in the hearts of his followers the fire of conquest. Asia Minor, Africa, Spain, became his prey. Sicily fell, Italy was threatened, the Pyrenees ?were crossed; the Loire, the Rhone, and the Garonne were startled by the Arabian war-horse dashing through their streams. Darkness and error spread their pall over many a fair land. Mahomet and his successors aspired to conquer the world; but the Catholic Church, by the hand of Charles Martel — the hammer — arrested their career at Poitiers, as later on she did at Grenada, Lepanto, and Navarino, raising eight times the Christian sword against Islamism in the Crusades, and thus broke the power of the Crescent. Century after century the Popes saved Europe from the Mussu man and Turkish yoke ; v.ft', so that, as Cardinal 'Newman truly says : ' There 1 ' is no man in Europe who now talks bravely against the Pope but owes it to the Pope that he can talk at all.' Without tha Pope, Europe at this day would be in the hands of the Turk, and her boasted civilization a failure and a dream. I wish I had time to dwell on the glorious triumph of the Church nnder Charlemagne, on that memorable day when, kneeling on the steps of St. Peter's with the diadem on his head and the Gospel in his hand, at the feet of Leo III., who had just crowned him Emperor, ho took the solemn oafch to protect and defend the Holy Roman Church with all the might of his victorious arm. On that day, we may venture to assert, the ancient ?world ceased to be, and the modern world began. How many other persecutions by sword and tongue I might emxnierate ! How the Church struggled under Pope Gregory VII. for her liberty, for the holiness of her priesthood, and the sanctity of Christian matrimony ! Her great champion closed his immortal career under a dark cloud of mourning and sorrow, saying, ' I have loved jxistice arid hated iniquity, there fore I die in exile.' He died, but his work lived, and his sacred cause soon after triumphed. The priesthood was reformed, simony almost dis appeared, the Empire renounced the Investi ♦iure, the Crusades began, and a new spirit stirred the heart of Christendom. Then how dark were some of the days of the Church's con flict with proud, headstrong, unscrupulous, and turbulent emperor3, with Frederick Barbarossa and Frederic II.! Darker still were 40 years of the great schism of the West ; yet after the storm came the calm, with sunshine and victory.. Again, what a fearful storm burst upon her at the beginning of the 16th century ! Never did the barque of St. Peter weather, a more terrific gale. Thousands and millions of her children were torn from her bosom ; England, Scotland, Denmark, a great part of Germany, Norway, and Sweden, were cast into the vortex of heresy ; France, Germany, England, and other countries were wasted with fire and sword ; half Europe became a sea of blood for a whole century. Did the Church perish? No. God raised up apostles equal to the crisis. Ignatius founded an order of men able by their learning, discipline, and devotion to stem the tide of heresy ; Xavier converted millions of souls in the Indies ; an army of noble saints in every line brought comfort and victory to the Bride of Christ. The great Council of Trent defined most luminously the disputed points of Catholic doc trine, reformed abuses, restored discipline, created seminaries, and imparted invigorated life to the * 'i whole frame of Catholicity. So that now the Church numbers more faithful in her pale than she did before that lamentable period misnamed the Reformation. I pass over the subtle and per fidious attack of the Jansenists, and the scoffing Philosophists with Voltaire at their head, and the terrific hurricane of the French Revolution—all of which, however, the Church survived— and I come « .. at once to pur own day. Look at Germany. She iS.§\ had overthrown Austria in a few days ; in a few v ' weeks she had brought one of the strongest nations of Europe, unhappy France, to the lowest depth of humiliating and hopeless defeat. Elated with pride, she lifted her victorious and hitherto invincible arm against the ark of God, the Catholic Church. There she found her match. After a battle of over 10 years, she has had to lower her proud flag. In vain Bismarck boasted that he would never go to Canossa — alluding to the penance of a German emperor of old — yet to Canossa he has gone in another way ; he has had to come to terms with the Catholic Church. For she is that kingdom foretold by the prophet, ' which shall not be left to other people, but shall break in pieces and shall ?consume all those kingdoms, and shall stand for ever.' Tes, the Catholic Church is inde structible, and therefore divine and eternal. You might as well try to pull down the sun from the vault of heaven as to extinguish the bright light of the Catholic Church on earth. Clouds may indeed gather for awhile before the sun's disc, but there the sun is still as bright as eve** ; so the clouds of persecution and prejudice may cover for a time the fair form of the Catholic Church, but the eye of faith pene tratea the dark clouds, and assures us that, though partially concealed, she is still there. The clouds shall pass away, and the sun beam forth again more brilliant and cheering than ever. He who said, 'Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my word shall not pass away/' .also pro nounced that ' the gates of hell should not pre vail against her,' and that He ' would be with her all days even to the consummation of the ?world.' He is with her most prominently in our day ; with her in her world-wide conflict with the godless system of secular education ; with her iu the wonderful return of Catholic faith to Eng and, in that '? second spring' which brought joy to all Christendom ; with her in her marvellous expansion throughout North America, and the whole of Australasia, not to mention other lands. He is with us here to-day, and we may ask our selves what is the deep significance of this groat event, which dates a new era for the Australasian Church ? What do33 this Council mean ? It means that a»n hour which the founders of that Chitrch longed to see has come. They saw it not while they toiled on earth so long and so well ; they witness it from their heavenly thrones. O Folding, O Vaughan, how you would, have re joiced to see this day and behold its solemn and impressive grandeur ! They and many more have passed away to the reward of their labours ; and still they are with us — with us in the blessed communion of God's Church, with us by their words, examples, and good works. It means a more perfect and fertile organization of the Aus tralasian Church. It means the restoration, the sanction, and the uniformity of that discipline which is the soul of pastoral solicitude. It means an episcopacy and a clergy more deeply imbued with the wisdom of the Sovereign Pontiffs, of the Fathers, and the Councils ; for ' in the multitude of counsel there is wisdom/' It means a greater unity of action in ecclesiastical govern ment and missionary zeal, which is the secret of all strength. It means the proclaiming of Faith as already settled and defined, with the condem nation of the current errors of the day. It means the recommendation of new Sees to be created, and a widened sphere of normal Church action. It means the adoption of such fruitful means as may seem best calculated to increase the power and quicken the zeal of our people. It means the saving of our children from the poisonous and deadly influence of secular and godless education. It means a holier and happier clergy, a more devout laity, and a greater harvest of souls. Councils are of apostolic origin, resting on prin ples plainly declared in the Gospel and practised by the Apostles. Venerable in authority, strong in influence, fruitful of order, they have Heaven's special blessing. ' Where there are tiro or three gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them,' says our Lord ; and the General Council of Ch.alced.on and other great Councils have pointed out the especial application of this Divine promise to the Synods of the Church. We are gathered together here in the name of Christ, because we come together in commu nion with His personal representative, with the Supreme Vicar upon earth. Divine assist ance is promised to us, and this it is which makes the union of Bishops in their synodal order so fertilizing to the Church. Enlightened by their common counsel, helped by the learning1 of ex perienced advisers, the assembled Bishops be come a centre and focus of the most vivid illumi nation of truth. Their joint action, and the genuine candour with which they listen to the suggestions of the second order of the clergy and their combined decisions give to their legislation, when approved by the Holy See, a weight and authority far beyond that of any single prelate, however eminent. Called together by the obedi ence which we swore at our consecrations, the Holy Spirit will dwell in our midst, shedding light and strength in our deliberations, and holding us to gether in the bond of charity and peace. Confident of His assistance, we repeat this prayer : ' We are here, 0 Lord Holy Spirit, we are here in Thy pre sence, detained, it is true, in the exceedingness of our sins, yet specially, gathered together in Thy name. Do Thou come unto us ; do Thou be present with iis ; do Thou vouchsafe to descend into our hearts. Teach us what we must do ; show us the way in which we should walk ; work Thou the work we are to bring about. Do Thou suggest, do Thou accomplish our judgments, who alone with the Father and the Son dost possess the glorious namq. Join us efficaciously to Thy gift of grace alone, that we may be one in Thee, and may in nothing swerve from the truth ; that being gathered together in Thy name, we may in all things hold fast to justice tempered with piety, so that here our judgment may in nothing con tend with thee, and hereafter we may obtain the eternal reward for what w« have well done.' We also invoke the assistance of the all-powerful in tercession of the Immaculate Virgin Mother of God, that she, whom the Church, styles the ' seat of wisdom,' may obtain for us from her beloved Son, our Lord and Saviour, a share in His wisdom for the government of His Church, for the spread of His holy faith and law, and for the salvation of innumerable souls purchased by His Precious Blood.- Amen, Amen. His Eminence the Cardinal, who 'had retired im mediately after the mass, now returned to the sanctuary and took up his position, as president of the Council, between the two rows of bishops, immediately in front of the High Altar. Several psalms and prayers were recited, and all the members of the Council joined in singing 'The Litany of the Saints/' After the Litany the deacon chanted the Gospel according to St. Luke, and the singing of the majestic hymn, 'Veni Creator Spiritus,' followed. The Profession of Faith was made by the President, and his Emi nence then at the rich golden faldstool, with the Book of the Gospels open before him, received the Profession of Faith from the prelates, all kissing the sacred Gospels. After some for malities, a solemn prayer was said in silence. The president then from the throne gave the blessing to the Council, the prelates standing without mitres, the clergy receiving the bene diction kneeling. This closed the ceremonies. While the ecclesiastical procession was being re formed for the purpose of leaving the Cathedral, the choir burst forth in the joyous Hallelujah Chorus, and while this majestic music filled the building the long train marched from the sanc tuary to the sacristy, hundreds kneeling to receive the Cardinal's blessing as he passed. The whole of the magnificent ceremonies were of a character that showed that 'the spirit of the age of faith' still lives with us, and to the three reverend gentlemen who had the direction of the proceedings — the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, the Very Rev. Dr. Murphy, and the Rev. Vincent Dwyer — a large amount of credit is due. Among the great congregation the order was little less perfect than on the sanctuary, and for this highly creditable state of things, the churchwardens, Messrs. M. Hickey, M. M'Mahon, J. Connors, and E. M'Namarra, who were assisted by some thirty members of the A. H. C. Guild, are to be specially complimented. All the prelates and priests, after unvesting in the sacristies, proceeded to the dining-hall at St. Mary's Cathedral boys' school, where they were entertained by his Emi nence. CONGRATULATIONS. One of the most interesting features of Sunday's ceremony was the reading of a cablegram re ceived from his Holiness the Pope. On the previous day his Eminence, as president of the Coxmcil, forwarded the following mes sago through his Eminence Cardinal Jacobini, Secretary of State, to His Holiness' Pope Leo XIII :— 'Cardinalis Mbran, Archiepiscopus Sydrieyens-is, et cseteri, Australiensis Eeclesife Episcopi, primam Plenariam Provinciarum Aus traliensium Concilium inchoantes, Apostolicum Benedictionem pro se et cunctis synodali bus et tota Australiensi Ecclesia humillime flagitant divinas gratis) et omnium coelestium charismatum auspicem ; ' or, in English, ' Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, and the other bishops of the Australian Church, entering upon the first Plenary Council of the Australian Provinces, most humbly beg for themselves, for all members of the synod, and for the whole Aus tralian Church the apostolic benediction as a pledge of divine grace and all heavenly gifts.' The answer, which was read on Sunday to the council by the president, was as follows :— ' Summus pontifex gratulatus ac petitam bene dictionom peramanter impertit. (Signed) L., Cardinalis Jacobini ;' or, translated, ' The supreme Pontiff felicitates you and lovingly grants the benediction prayed for. ' THE EVENING- DEVOTIONS. The Cathedral was again crowded in the even ing, and the lights threw additional bright ness on the sanctuary ; the1 red draperies, and the altar, ablaze with glittering tapers, presenting an extremely picturesque aspect. Vespers were conducted by the Rev. Father Byrne, and afterwards Father Coonan, joined by the congregation, recited the Rosary. His Emi nence, in his scarlet robes, presided in the sanc tuary, attended by the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran. His Eminence had arranged that the Vincentian Fatners who arrived with him from Ireland should conduct a missison for the congregation every evening while the Council lasted, so that the prelates and clergy might have the prayers of the faithful in their responsible duties. The Very Rev. Father O'Callaghan in open ing the mission preached one of the most practical, most earnest, and most ^ effective sermons ever heard iu the Cathedral. The Vincentians will continue these special dis courses till the end of the mission. After Father O'Callaghan had concluded on Sunday evening, Pontifical Benediction was given by the Cardinal, assisted by Fathers Byrne and O'Connor. Miss Stafford sang Cherubini's ' Ave Maria,' and Mr. W. P. O'Halloran the ' O Salutaris ; ' Mr. Banks as in the morning presiding at the organ. On Monday and Tuesday the Council was busily engaged on various matters of grave importance, and the several committees entered upon their duties in the rooms set apart. The business both mornings commenced at ten o'clock. THE OFFICIALS OF THE COUNCIL. President, his Eminence Cardinal Moran, Arch bishop of Sydney, and Delegate Apostolic ; Promotor, the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, Tasmania ; General Secretary, Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Brisbane ; Assis tant Secretaries, Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, Sydney; and Very Rev. Dr. Corbett, Mel bourne j Chancellor, the Venerable Archdeacon Rigney, Sydney ; Judges of Dispute, the Right Rev. Dr. Reville, Coadjutor Bishop of Sand htirst, Victoria ; the Very Rev. Dr. Sheridan, Sydney ; and the Venerable Archdeacon Russell, V.G., Adelaide, S.A. ; Masters of Ceremonies, the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, Sydney ; Very Rev. Dr. P. Murphy, Sydney, late of St. Kieran's College, Kilkenny ; and the Rev. Vincent Dwyer, Diocese of Maitland ; Chanters, Rev. Father Nealori, and the Very Rev. E. Vaughan, Diocese of Maitland ; Rev. Father Williams, Adelaide ; and Rev. Father Egan, O.S.B., Auckland, New Zealand. THE COMMITTEES. Central Committee. — His Eminence the Car dinal, the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland ; ' the Right Rev. Dr. Redwood, S.M., Bishop of Wellington, N. Z. ; the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn ; and the Right Rev. Dr.° Dunne, Bishop of Brisbane. All the other prelates when not engaged in their own special ?committees may join the central com mittee. Committee on Faith. — Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bath ursb ; Right Rev. Dr. Cani, Bishop of Rockhampton ; Right Rev. Dr. Hutchinson, Vicar Apostolic, N. Queensland ; Venerable Archdeacon Slattery, Melbourne ; Very Rev. Father Raschauer, S. J., Adelaide ; Very Rev. Father Horan, Bathurst ; Very Rev. Father Dunne, Goulburn; Very Rev. Dean Beechinor, Hobart; Very Rev. Father Nealon, Maitland; Very Rev. Dr. Corbett, Melbourne; Very Rev. Father Gibney, Perth; Very Rev. Father M'Carthy, Sydney; Very Rev. Father Sauzeau, S.M., Wellington; Very Rev. Father Vaughan, C.SS.R., Maitland ; Very Rev. Father Strelc, S.J., Port Victoria ; Very Rev. Father Egan, O.S.B., Auckland. Committee on Discipline. — Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of . Hobart ; Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale ; Right Rev. Dr. 'Moore, Bishop of .Ballarat ; Very Rev. Father Byrne, Adelaide ; Very Rev. Dean Doyle, Armidale ; Very Rev. Father O'Doud, Ballarat ; Very Rev. Father Bolger, Bathurst ; Very Rev. Father Callaghan, CM., Brisbane ; Very Rev. . Father Henebry, Hobart ; Very Rev. Father Corcoran, Maitland; Very Rev. Father Tierney, Sandhurst; Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, Sydney; Very Rev. Father Goutennoire, S.M., Wellington ; Very Rev. Dr. Sheridan, Sydney. Committee on the Sacraments.— Right Rev. Dr. Luck, Bishop of Auckland ; Right Rev. Dr. Reville, Coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst; Right Rev. Dr. Griver, . Bishop of Perth; Very 'Rev. Dean O'Connor, Armidale ; Very Rev. Father Herbert, Ballarat;1 Very' Rev. Father O'Rielly, Brisbane ; Very Rev. Father Comerf ord, Rock hampton ; Very Rev. Father Davy, Sandhurst ; Very Rev. Father Ahearne, Wellington: ; Very Rev. Father Herden, S.J., Adelaide ; Very Rev. Father Butler, O.C.C. Melbourne ; Very Rev. Father O'Malley, S.J., Dunedin ; Very Rev. Father Muraire, S.M., Sydney ; Very Rev. Arch deacon Rignoy, S.M., Sydney ; Very Rev. Father Dunne, O.S.F., Sydney. Committee on Education.— Right Rev. Dr.' Moran, Bishop of Dunedin ; Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide ; Right Rev. Dr. Salvador, Bishop of Port Victoria; Very Rev. Father Williams, Adelaide ; Very Rev. Father Sullivan, O.S.B., Auckland; Very Rev. Father Delany, Ballarat ; Very Rev. Father Darcy, Bathurst ; Very Rev. Father Gallagher, Goul burn ; Very Rev. Father English, Maitland ; Very Rev. Father Kelly, S.J., Rockhampton ; Very Rev Archpriest Sheehy, Sydney; Very Rev. Father Russell, Adelaide : Very Rev. Father Sturzo, S. J. , Melbourne. ' ' 