FRANK CALVARY; & SEMI-NAUTICAL NOVEL J. J. UTTING, SAuthor of " The Golden Crcss," Eto. CHAPTER V. Character of Frank's uncle--His marriage, and birth of a son-False representa tions to his father-Sir Henry starts for the Elms. WHEx Sir Henry Calvary received his son'slletter,he.wasmorethanastonished, for, although he had been told by George that he was about to marry, he did not believe him mad enough to do so, ' for,' said he, 'it is not at all likely he will be so foolish, when he knows he will lose a rich heiress and incur my just anger. However, as he has kept his word so will I keep mine, and never again shall he darken my doors. As I can do nothing for him now, I'll see what can be done for Henry. Pity,. though, to lose one.' He referred to a young lady whom" he wished his eldest son to marry; but as the one he had intended for George was much richer, he determined to have that match broken off. He spoke to 'Henry about it. Henry seemed perfectly willing. 'I am not such a fool as George-I marry for money, not for love,' said he. It was then agreed that he should pay his ad dresses to a Miss Bancroft instead of a Miss Lefivre. The only difference between them in the eyes of the baronet was, that one would possess twice as much property as the other; and with him that was everything. Henry Calvary was very unlike his brother George, both inwardly and outwardly. George was slim, and rather delicately moulded. In his face there was so much of honesty and up rightness that one could hardly help liking him at first sight. And his face spoke truly, for a finer fellow could scarcely be imagined. He was always good-tempered, and his purse and arm were at all times ready to assist a friend in distress, or a stranger either, for that matter. Henry, in form, was tall, dark, and stern. A beggar would never think of asking charity there, after a persual of that countenance. He took after his father, and was proud, haughty, and unforgiving. At the desire of his parent, he had paitid his addresses to Miss Lefavre. Both he and Miss Bancroft were visitors at the Hall. He, therefore, had every opportunity of doing as his father had desired, and was looked upon as her accepted suitor, although he had never actually declared or committed himself upon paper. Sir Henry stood in the study, con versing with his son upon the subject of the marriage. 'Well,' said Henry, 'I always liked that other girl, Bancroft-some thing captivating about her. As for Lefdvre, she is so awfully insipid; and now I really come to think, she is exceedingly plain--and the other so pretty, too I' ' Yes,' said the baronet, 'that is whyb I preferred her for George, for you know he is so ridiculously .romantic that he wouldn't marry a girl unless he loved her. I spoke to her father about it, and he said George might have her if he obtained her consent. You will have to put on your most killing looks to captivate the young lady..I don't think she is over fond of you at present, judging from the way she speaks whenever you come in contact. SHenry did put on his most killing looks, but the young lady heeded them not for a considerable time. At last, however, as a drop of water wears away a stone, he wore his way to her heart, and, to cut the matter short, they were afterwards married, and took up their residence in London. The baronet purchased them a very. fine estate in Norfolk, situated about ten miles from the school to which 'his grandson Frank went some years after. They had one child-a boy-who was born exactly a year after our hero. He was named Scipio, after his grandfather, Lord Scipio Baucroft. Time rolled on. Bir Henry began to feel that his end was approaching, his heart smote him. lIe began to relent towards his son George, whom lie used so unjustly. ' As I have said be fore, he had received.sevcralletters sdon after the marriage, all of which he: had returned unopened. He now paid less attention to Henry and his wife, and often spoke of his younger son. On one occasion he expressed his intention of writing to him, and asked Henry.. if he had any idea in what part of London he resided. Henry knew wvhere his brother lived well enough, but he did not chose to tell his father, so he answered, .I don't know sir; and as for inviting him hEice,' I would do no such a thing if I were you. If I recollect aright, you forbade him the house for ever, and you oughlt ;to keep your word. Besides, I hear that George has failed in some com mercial speculation that he entered into with his wily father-in-law, and that he after his ruin, took to gambling largely ahd finally, sir, that your son George is a confirmed drunkard and blaclkgurd !' ' My God!' exclaimed Henry. Oh! that he should over have married that wretched girl. But why have you not told me this before, sir ? ' ' Because-because I did not wish to hurt your feelings (1), but now that yon talk of receiving him here, I must show him to you in his true colours.' Hnaving said this, the villain-for I need scarcely inform my readers that every word he had uttered was false-quitted the room, thinking what a master stroke of policy he had effected, and leaving the baronet in the bitterest anguish. Oh no ! hedid not wish tohurt his feelings; not at all. 'Very gdod, indeed,' said Henry to himself, 'the poor old gentleman can't last much longer, and will never find out that I have played him false. If George were once to obtain a footing at the Hall, there is no knowing what niight happen.' This statement of Henry's was a very severe blow, and Sir Henry felt it keenly. For his son to be a com mon'gambler and drunkard! It was t6o horrible. The next weeklr Henry proposed that they should visit the "'Elms"-the name of his country estate. To this Sir Henry agreed, and the week after that found him at his son's mansion in Norfolk. COIAPTER VI. The consequence of unpunctuality-Frank goes to the ship-launeh-Is wounded on the beach-Suspicious conduct of Bently -Sir Henry drives our hero from the doctor's-Threat of Mr. Snuggles. When Frank reached the lower room, the school was assembled. The Doctor was very wrath, and gave him and the boys belonging to his room a very severe lecture for being a few muinutes behind time, more especially as it was our hero's first morning. He expatiated at some length upon punctuality, ' the advantages of which are at once apparent,' said he. ' You will please to write this page of words out fifty times by Saturday, or you don't stir out. on that afternoon. Thus, you see, the disadvantages of un punctuality.' It was a quarter after seven before B~ntly made his appearance, and the Doctor, telling him it was a great fault of his, ordered him to translate half a dozen pages of 'COmsar' by Saturday, or, like the other boys of No. 6 room, to remain in that day. To a scholar like Bently, although he was the oldest in the school, this was no easy task, for of all things he dis liked, and he disliked everything in the way of study, Latin was the most abhorrent to his nature. At eight o'clock, breakfast; at the conclusion, Frank was going into the play-ground, when Gresham called him back. . ' I say, old fellow, do you know this is Thursday?' ' Yes,' replied Frank ' of course I do. Didn't we have a half-holiday yesterday ?' . 'Well; and do you recollect what we No. 6-room boys have got to do ?' 'Do you. mean about writing the words out ?' ' Yes,' said Gresham, ' and you had better devote every spare moment to it if you wish to get out on Saturday, for I can tell you the Doctor always keeps his word, and unless that page is written out the full fifty times, we shan't see the colour of water on Saturday; and the fellows are going \---, too. There's going to be a ship launch, and I mean to see it, if possible. 'Well, how long will the writing take ?' asked Frank. : ' At least five hours' hard work.' ' But,' said Frank, ' how can we write it out fifty times? We shall want two or three dozen slates each.' . 'Oh, no we shan't; when we've done one full, we. take itf to the Doctor, who looks over it, and rubs it .oit.; When the slate is once more filled we take it to him again, and so on, and he can't be cheated, for every time you take it up, he enters it, and you are obliged to com plete the whole number. Why, once when he was in a great rage with one of the boys, he ordered him to write his slate full of 'blockheads' a 'thousand times; and how long do'you think it took him to do it ?' 'Well, I can't say; a fortnight,' perhaps.' 'It took him just a month, and during the whole of that time the poor felloow never once'set fodt in the play ground. Too bad, wasn't it ?' ' Yes, it was; but I suppose the writing was very indifferent.' 'There yot're wrong again. If it was worse than that boy was in the habit of doing, the Doctor smudged it out with' a sponge, and counted t nothing. Now, I think we have said eriough about it, and I am going to begin my work. Got nearly half an hour before school now.' Frank took his advice, and devoted all his spare time. to writing out his task, and by Friday night he had finished. , ' Very well,l indeed!' .said the Doctor, whenh:e took up the last, slate ful, ' and now, don't be ilate down another morning, or: you will have double that.' , S:The next day' eighteen of the boys started for - , distant about eight miles.' .There was a ship to be launched at three o'clock, and they set out directly .after school, which was over at twelve.o Putting sdmething to eat on the way in their pockets, they started in high- spirits, accompanied by. the two Ushers, Gimp and Blackeov. They reached the town at a qu'ter to three, when they heard with f telingus of unmitigated disgust, that in con sequence ,of some delay, We ship V. would not be launched till the followv ing Wednesday. They then held a council as to what sChculd be their operations for the rest of the day. Mr. (Gimp said they ought to return immediately, but, luckily for the boys, and more especially for our hero, as it turned out in the long run, Mr. Blackett ventured t~ oppose this, saying that now they were there, they might as well have the benefit of the soea air for an hour or so. It was finally agreed that they should all go where they liked, but meet again at the shipyard at four, and return then to school. Mr. Blackett, accompanied by Frank, Gresham, Gordon, Harry, and about six others, rambled along the shore for some distance, examining the caves at the base of the cliffs. 'Who's on for a bathe?' said Gordon; 'let's have a dip.' 'Agreed,' shouted they, and in three or four minutes they were all paddling about to their hearts' content. They amused themselves thus for some time, those who could swim giving in struction to those who could not. Mr. B:ackett told them not to stop in too long, as four o'clock was drawing near. Frank and Gordon were the last to leave the water, for the latter had bqen giving our hero a few hints as to how-he should strike out, &c.;, and he had managed to take three strokes with immense delight to himself and great satisfaction to his instructor. ' You will soon learn,' said Gordon. 'Yes, I think I shall. I'11 have as much practice as possible. I sup pose you bathe in the river, don't!--. Oh !' Gordon turned round. Frank was lying motionless on the sand, and the blood was streaming from a fearful gash on the top of his head.; ' Help! Help i' cried Gordon. The boys and Mr. Blackett rushed down to the water's edge, and carried Frank high up on the beach. 'Oh!' exclaimed Harry, when he saw hi, pale features, 'he's dead; he's dead. 'Hold your noise,' said Mr. Blackett; ' he's only stunned. Get away from him, and don't stifle him by crowding round him in that manner.' The boys obeyed, and in a few minutes ;Frank came to himself. His first action was to clap his hand to his wounded head, and exclaim, 'Take me home; take me home to my dear mamma and little Helen, and papa. Oh, my head!' 'He wanders,' said Mr. Blackett, ' make haste. There, slip on his trousers. Now, help me to carry him.' They soon reached the town, and he was taken to a doctor, who, after strapping up the wound, pronounced it~ to be a very dangerous one, and said if it had been but the tenth part of an inch deeper, it would probably have been death.' How do you feel said he to Frank. 'It's very painful, sir, but I don't feel so weak now as I did at first. I think I can walk back to school.' 'Can't think of such a thing,' said the doctor; you must remain quiet for at least a week.' A carriage, which was driving down the street, at this instant stopped at the door, and an elderly gentleman put his head from the window, and asked what the matter was. On being informed, he would have driven on without further parley, when he heard one of the boys, who had just come out of the shop, say, 'Poor Calvary is dying, I'm afraid. 'What name did you say?' de manded the gentleman sharply. ' Calvary, sir. He is a new boy, and---' 'Enough!' cried the gentleman, getting out of the carriage and strid ing into the shop. 'I don't see how we can well leave him here,' said M[r. Blackett; 'I know of no place--' ' But I do,' interrupted Sir Henry for it was he who had entered-' I will take care of him until he may have sufficiently recovered to be re moved back to school.' The baronet had entered the shop to see if his suspicions were correct, and no sooner did his eye fall on Frank than he gave a start, for he there saw the counterpart of what his own son George had been at the same age. 'You had better remove him to the carriage,' he added. 'The sooner he is put to bed the better;' and, as I am on a visit to a friend-Mr. Thos. Pliukfoot-who lives in this town, I will engage to take charge of him.' Frank was then removed to the car riage, which drove off without further parley. Mr ;Blickett was not quite sure.that he had done right in allowing a perfect stranger thus to act, and he said as much to the doctor. . ' Oh, it's all right. Do you happen to know who that gentleman is ?' ' No.' ' He is Sir Henry Calvary, who is paying a visitto his son at the ' Elms,' about eight miles off. There's no fear for the young gentleman's safety.' When the boys heard that the strangerwho had driven off with their school-fellow was a baronet, and of the same name as our .hero, many were-the conjectures they indulged in. ' I say,' said; Gorden, ' very likely he's a relation. Only fanCy, a baronet, too ! There's no kno:ving who and what Fiank is. He hisn't told me what his father is, an(t./shouldn't wonder if he is some gr~at person. .' Don't tolk such nonsense,' said Mr. JBlaokett. ;'Isn't one person as good as another'/ Besides, I don't suppose he is a relation ; but very likely, hearing tha/a young gentleman of his name s hurt, anid being a kind-hearted 'man, Sir Henry Calvary has taken charge of him on that account. But even if he should be, Frank ought not to be thought more of by you ; and although Ilike him very much already I should not think a bit the more of him .. .: · ,, ;;. · r. if he were the son of the Lord Chan cellor. To hear you talk, one would imagine you belonged to the vulgar herd!' Just then Mlr. Gimp and the rest of the boys appeared, and seeing by the excitement thast something unusual had occurred, they all spoke together. ' What's the row ?' asked one. 'Who's hurt ?' enquired another. 'Why you look like a lot of ghosts,' said a third. 'Whatever has happened? Do tell me,' cried a fourth. 'Silence!' exclaimed Mlr. Gimp, pompously drawing himself up. 'WVhat is all this noise and excitement about ?' continued he addressing the junior usher. ' How it occurred I cannot yet tell you ; but depend upon it, a full inves tigatian shall take place.' 'I say Tom,' said one of the boys, ' just tell us what has happened in two words: I am dying to know?' ' Why, the new boy is nearly killed.' ' Yes, some one shied a stone at him, which felled him like a bullock, and we thought for some time he was dead.' Bently, who had been of Mr. Gimp's party, when he heard this, turned as pale as death, and slunk to the rear. 'I say; did you see that?' said Gresham to Gordon. ' I tell you what: I believe the bully has something to do with this. Look how pale the coward has turned; and see, he's slunk behind. I'll go and chaff him.' Then going up to him, he said, ' why Bently, you look like a sheep-stealer caught in the act. What's the matter with you, eh?' 'I-I-am very sick,' replied Bently. ' I wentup those high cliffs and turned giddy; and it has made me feel queer.' ' Oh, you went up the cliffs did you ? And did you see us fellows bath ing?' ' Oh, no. I was at quite another part.' 'How do you. know that if you didn't see us. I haven't said where we were yet. Were you alone ?' 'No-that is to say-yes-I was alone part of the time; but I assure you on my honour I did not see any one bathing. " I didn't say-you did, did I ? ' 'No, but-' 'But what ! You seem very strange; and I don't half like your manner,' he muttered to himself. ' Now young gentleman,' exclaimed Mr. Gimp,' we will be starting; for it is almost five.' Going home, various wore the en quries as to how the accident had hap pened. No one knew ; but it appeared very evident that some one must have thrown the stone and struck Frank on the head; but who that someone was, it was impossible to toll. One of the boys said he thought he had seen a figure throw something from the cliff a moment before the accident; but hd was not sure. 'I don't approve of you allowing him to go with that gentleman,' said Mr. Gimp. * ' What would you have done? ' de manded the junior usher rather nettled. 'I don't know exactly; but some means might have been devised some-' ' But,' said one of the boys, 'per haps that old gi ndeman was his uncle, or grandfather, and then he has a right to see after his own flesh and blood hasn't he ? No doubt if you had been there, you would have cured him at once; you're so clever.' The last few words he muttered sotto voce; but Mr. Gimp heard them, and the reply was a violent blow on the side of the face. ' Don't dare to talk like that to me. When I ask you a question it is time for you to answer: and not before.' 'And,' added that gentleman, 'to talk in that ridiculous manner ! Do you rsuppose he would not know his owin relation? And do you think that the son, grandson, or nephew-what ever you like to call him-of a baro not would come to a school like ours. 'Why,' said Mr Blackett(who liked a bit of an argument) ' you see that the boy did not know the gentleman, so that I don't suppose for an instant they are in any way related to each other; but, at the same time it is just possible that it may be so; and in that case, depend upon it, this affair will have the strictest and fullest investig ation. In my own mind'I do not doubt for a moment but that it was one of the boys who was with you who did it. Of course he .could not have done it wilfully-no one would be brute enough for that (here he looked full at Behtly,) and, Task you, if any of you did it, to confess, as it will save much trouble and anxiety here-after.' 'You mistake, sir,' said the senior usher, 'when you accuse any of my boys of it; for I am certain they all kept with me; and we have been ini quite a different direction from that in which the accident occurred.' . 'All but two sir,' one of the.: boys ventured to say. .' , '. ' And who are they ?' demanded ki'i Blackett. ,. / . .: -.. ' . 'J.ently and lartitii.' ' Yes,'. said' "Martin; ' it. is true, we were niot with Mr. Cimp ;all the time; biit we've not been down to the beach nor upon the cliffs I'll take my oath;' 'Por shame ! sir; how dare you speak in that manner.'- This from Mr Blackett. By this time they had reached the school. When Mr. Snuggles was in formed of the affair he called all the boys into the dining-room and asked them one by one if they knew who it was who had thrown the stone. After having examined them all and received the same reply-viz : that they were entirely ignorant "of that which he wanted to know; he said, 'Young gentlemen, I do not say it is anyone of you who has done this thing, and I hope it is not; but if I find out who is the culprit, and if he be in my school, I will first thrash him to within an inch of his life and then expel him !' To be continued, 