SOWING the wind. By SILVER WATTLE. CHAPTER V. Tliey arrived in London that evening, end oon reached a fashionable hotel, where elen was glad to retire early to her own oom, excusing herself under the plea of eadache and weariness. She felt very weary n body in mind—distressed by conflicting feelings. On the eve of her leaving England to wander yet further from Arnold this message had come to her, almost tempting her to give up all her great plans and return to him at once; but the next minute she despised her- Eelf for the thought. To return now would be to expose herself to greater contempt and more merited than she had suffered before. No; she would go on in the path she had chosen. But she would write to him ; she would answer his loving appeal; she would assure him of her safty as far as she could do. Following this determination with immediate action she unlocked her trunk, took out her writing-case, and began to write— " Beloved Arnold." After looking at those words for some minutes she tore up the paper, saying sadly to heiself— " No ; I have by my own act broken that tie, and-cannot resume it at will." Then she relapsed into silent thought, with an expression of suffering upon her face. Presently, taking np her pen again, she wrote— "I have seen your message only to-day, and it is with pain that I write refusing to return to you ; but as I left my aunt that I might keep my own self-respect, I cannot possibly return for the same reason. There is no cause to fear for me—I am earning my own bread honestly and respectably. You think I am rash ? Perhaps I was in the first instance, but the step once taken cannot be retraced, neither have I the wish to retrace it; for until I can claim as my own right the position once afforded me under great protest and with many taunts, I will live and die in obscurity. It will be quite useless to search for me, for when you receive this letter I shall have left England. The anxiety that your message expresses fills me with the deepest regret and grief to have caused you pain, but I have no longer any claim upon your love, or even upon your thoughts, therefore may neither address you nor subscribe myself in the old affectionate terms, although the memory of you will never fade from the heart of HELEN" B. MARGRAVE." Helen rose early the next morning, and, enquiring for the nearest pillar, walked out and posted the letter herself. That day was spent in shopping for Madame, whose requirements always appeared innumerable. Helen accompanied ner, enjoying the new scenes, feeling secure from recognition in the great change that age and growth had made in her; but her heart almost stood still at one time when passing through crowds on a railway platform she heard her uncle's wellknown voice. Not daring to turn her head, she kept straight on, and in another moment he had passed her and entered the same train as she did, but fortunately not the same compartment. She feared that Madame might observe her trembling, and quickly took her seat, apparently much absorbed in the memoranda on her tablet. She saw him no more, but felt thankful that to-morrow they should start for Southampton. " Do not go down into the cabin, my dear young lady; you will be so much better where you are on deck. Ah oui, I know that Madame has gone below; it was impossible to persuade her to remain." Helen knew that no persuasion had been used, nor the slightest interest shown in Madarae's proceedings. " Would it not be better," Monsieur went on, appealing to Major Onslow and his sister, " for Mademoiselle to remain here ?" So Helen sat down again, caring little but to be undisturbed, and hours later found her still sitting there, ill and wretched, when some one gently placed a cloak around her. She tried to raise her head to thank the friend, when she heard Monsieur say, " Extremely obliged, but 1 would not for worlds impose upon your time and attention on behalf of this lady when those of your own party must be more than sufficient for your thoughtful care." Helen felt "without seeing the witheringly polite and frigid bow which accompanied this, and knew that the gentleman addressed was Major Onslow, whom she had met once or twice with his sister Mrs. Newbury at Monsieur's concerts. The next morning Helen awoke from a sound sleep into which she had fallen by the bumping of the vessel and the shouting of sailors, and guessed that they were in port. Rising to dress as quickly as her unsteady head and hands would allow, she determined to seek out Madame Dubois, whom she found unable to rise without assistance. Finding an almost distracted stewardess, she bribed her to bring some hot coffee to the poor lady, and felt pleased afterwards at her success in getting her on deck. , r C'estbien, Madame, you are here," from her affectionate husband ; "I thought you would never come, have you all your belongings together? eh ! Miss Montaine, I am charmed to see you looking so much better. You are glad that our voyage is over ?" A few minutes later Helen observed Major Onslow assisting Madame to place her handbasket and wraps in readiness for hasty removal, apparently having a soul above remembering Monsieur's insolence of the last evening. Free of the packet — having passed the Customs — whirled away by train towards the capital, Helen at last lifted up her eyes in Paris. In Paris! among all its splendours, all its gaieties, where Monsieur was so entirely at home, received and welcomed back into the highest circles, where his wonderful talent had long ago been recognised, .vhere also his birth and belongings gave him the entrit. Madame was delighted to show Helen all places of interest and beauty, and Helen was dazzled with such new scenes. She accompanied Madame several mornings to Mass ; the magnificent cathedr al filled her "with awe, and the absorbed silence of many kneeling figures in fervent devotion inspired her with the deepest reverence ; and she also knelt by the side of Madame. The morning sun streamed through the richly, coloured windows as she glanced upwards—the grandeur of the whole thrilled her through, when at the same moment a slow soft strain of music stole upon her ear - overwhelmed she burst into tears. As they left, Madame said, "Ah, my child, you will yet come back to the true Church. The Blessed Mother will never leave such a sweet spirit without the fold." Brought up though Hslen had been in the English Church, taught strictly to follow all its observances, yet still without the stamina of religion in her heart—the probabi lity was that under such enticing influences as those which now surrounded her, she would have drifted into all the grooves of the Romish ritual, and in time come to profess its faith ; but allegiance and loyalty to her earthly idol stood her instead of a higher devotion, and the constant habit of her mind, that of submitting all her actions _ to what might be Arnold's opinion regarding them, kept her firm when somewhat tempted to do " in Rome as Romans did," tor she remembered well his strong and well-grounded opinions in favour cf his own Church. As the Sundays came she found that after Mass no more religious service was expected or thought of, but a pleasant drive and a gay concert or some other musical entertainment was the order of the day and evening. So Helen was glad to accept Mrs. Newbury's warm invitations to her hotel, as that lady had always evinced a most kindly interest in Helen, apart from the tie of nationality, her mature years and judgment enabling Mrs. Newbury to recognise Helen's gentle birth and breeding, while, through her keen discernment of character, Helen's rose in her estimation, as she noted how superior she was to all small arts of coquetry, and how totally free from all self-consciousness, although Helen's talent, and also her personal appearance, certainly gave her claim to the admiration she often elicited. Mrs. Newbury also felt some curiosity regarding Helen's antecedents, when becoming aware of the position in which she stood to Monsieur and Madame Dubois, and was interested to know the possible circumstances which could have brought such a girl into a position apparently so otherwise homeless and friendless. Mrs. Newbury could never overcome a certain degree of dislike to Monsieur, yet was never able to define the cause. She felt satisfied that Helen led a moderately happy life with them, yet remarked to herself that Madame always wore a certain air of depression, if not unhappiness. " No," replied Helen to Mrs. Newbury, one dav in conversation, " I cannot remember my father and mother at all. I can only remember being at a farmhouse in Devonshire, with an old man and his wife, who had the care of me until I was about seven years old, when I was suddenly sent for by my uncle and aunt, and I know very little about my parents, for much as I often wished to ask all manner of questions concerning them, my aunt could never speak upon the subject with any degree of patience, but appeared to cherish a great feeling of animosity towards them, especially to my mother, who, she said, had enticed my father into a foolish marriage, afterwards falling into very delicate health and dying before I was quite quite two years old. My father, holding a commission in the army, fell in an engagement in the Kafir war." " On which side are you related to your uncle and aunt 1'" I " My father was my uncle's brother." • " Then they have the same name as yourelf ?" g "Yes, the same," said Helen, accepting h the subterfuge. "Your education has been well cared for. M "My education began early at the very ya best school tliat could be found for me, even when with the old people in Devonshire, and at my uncle's house governesses and masters were always provided, for which, however, I do not think that I was entirely chargeable to him, but fancy that some funds were set apart for the purpose." 1 " Your uncle and aunt are, of course, interested in knowing where you are, and what you are doing ? Although, as yoa say, you nave parted with them in some anger. " We do not keep up a constant correspondence, and I would rather that they were ignorant of all the difficulties I may encounter until they are obliged to acknowledge by-and-by my successf nl efforts for independence." " I certainly admire your spirit of independence, and, judging ;rom what I know of you, 1 should quite suppose that you must have suffered hard bondage indeed before you would leave the security of your uncle's home." " It was so indeed ; vet not so much the hard bondage I suffered as the consciousness of utter failure in meeting my aunt's expectations, and the weight of obligation and debt that I could never repay." " But surely affection and pity, and the tie of blood relationship should in a measure have prevented such a deep sense of obligation in a friendless orphan ? Yet to a sensitive mind I can' imagine how painful the life must have been; your motherless condition strikes a chord of sympathy in my heart, as I also was an orphan, although my loss was supp'ied as fully as it well could be ; but, if you will suffer an old woman's homily, I think it would have been better had you borne yet longer with the troubles of the home that seemed appointed you, when some path might have opened before you— some opportunity have arisen for release without relinquishing your position or separating you from your friends." " Are we not justified," replied Helen, in acting for ourselves according to the best of our judgment? I could not live on from day to day in such a false position. " Not false, my dear Miss Montaine; that position could not possibly be false in which you had been placed not only by no act of your own, but at a time when you were too young to have a voice in the matter. When you were old enough to think for yourself you were not only perfectly justified in using your own judgment, but it was quite right that you Bhould do all in your power in a proper way to alter your position. But it is always dangerous to take the initiative in choosing our own path. Finding yourself, then, evidently placed as you were by God, it was almost like throwing off His guidance to cast yourself upon a world of which you knew nothing. The troubles you would meet with there would be of your own seeking, but the troubles you were trying to escape were of His own appointing." "Oh, but it waB unendurable the life I led." " It is our own impatience, my dear young friend, that makes our troubles appear greater than we can bear. Now, can we tell what relief even one more day of patient waiting may bring? I may, perhaps, shock yon, but it is no less true—it is this very impatience under suffering which drives many to despair and a rash death." A pause here ensued. Then Helen said— " I must acknowledge that had 1 known then as much as I have since learned, I should not have risked such a step, but, having taken it, must abide by the consequences. I am determined to battle with the difficulties of my path, and besides, the age and experience that every day gives to me makes that path all the less difficult." Mi's. Newbury made no answer, but as Helen was gazing abstractedly out of the window she regarded her earnestly, with an expression of mingled admiration and pity. Here is Major OnsJow's carriage," Helen remarked after a few minutes. Again Mrs. Newbury raised her eyes to her face, this time with an expression of scrutiny, though Helen was unconscious of either glance. " I am fortunate," said the Major, meeting Helen with a glow of satisfaction and pleasure. "I have been execrating every obstacle that has prevented my coming home sooner, fearing to meet with my usual fate of missing you. Will you come for a drive?" addressing both ladies. " Oh, yes, we shall be ready directly," said Mrs. Newbury. " And if you will leave me at the hotel I shall be at home in good time," said Helen. "May we call for you to-morrow for a drive ?" asked the Major, as they were separating. " Thanks ; but at what hour ?" . . . " Oh, yes; at 3. I shall have finished practising, and so long as I am back early as we are bound for \ ersailles in the evening, I shall be delighted to join you." " We can be back by to," said Mrs. Newbery. " That will do nicely, and will be so very pleasant. Good-by." "Good-by." " Oh, Mary ! she does not care for me one bit," said the Major, after Helen had left them. " I do not appear to make the slightest impression upon her, and there is no artifice in her composition. She is so calm, composed, and unaffected. What gloriously speaking eyes she has though ! I can just fancy how they would beam on the lucky fellow. Now, don't laugh at me." " No, I am not laughing at you at all, Edgar. I only wish you could make her think of you, for I have taken a wonderful fancy to ner," answered Mrs. Newbury. Going into the hotel, Helen met Monsieur on the stairs. " Eh ! Miss Montaine. I—we—Madame has been ennuye for you ; and had you permitted me I would have been honoured by driving you home rather than you should travel alone in a cab at evening. " It is broad daylight, Monsieur, and I returned in Major Onslow's carriage. Just for one instant a fierce gleam shone in his eyes ; then he smilingly replied— " Eh bien ! That is well. I am indebted to the Major." When alone, Helen recalled to her mind with some perplexity that flitting expression on Monsieur's face, for she had once or twice before noted the same. CHAPTER VI. Everything had gone smoothly with Helen in regard to Monsieur and Madame. The invariable kindness she had met with from them could not fail to win a full response from so loving a nature, therefore an amiable and self-forgetful bearing was the natural expression of her grateful heart. As for Monsieur, Helen could scarcely believe that the irritable temper and inconsiderate treatment of his wife could have existed anywhere but in her own fancy, unless it were caused by temporary indisposition. To Madame now he was invariably gentle and even affectionate, and to Helen his conversation was most fascinating in its brilliance, while his manner was always courteous. Monsieur having the entree into the first society by right of his own family, Helen reaped the advantage, for wherever Monsieur and Madame went, there also was she introduced, and distinguished by a cordial reception as an English lady of good birth. The next morning was spent in long hours of arduous practising with Monsieur. Madame sat in the deep recess of the window with her embroidery, where she fell asleep, startling the musicians with a loud snore, and waking herself at the same time. Monsieur shrugged his shoulders, and then in the blandest tones said— " Allez vcus rester, ma ch&re;, in your own apartment. You must be bright this evening at Veisailles. The Empress distinguishes you by her notice, and you will have also the exquisite pleasure of presenting our charming friend.' r While speaking, he politely opened, the door for his wife, and returned to the piano with a gloomy expression and a profound sigh. Mistake, mistake," he muttered. "Mistake? Monsieur," Baid Helen, applying his words to her music. But he sat down with a weary air, not heeding her, and repeating as if half to himself— "Yes, we make mistakes that alter the whole course of our lives—must we always abide by the consequences? Is there no redress? I beg your pardon; I was lost in thought recalling the past. Something brought it to my mind—perhaps that strain of music. Play it for me again." . . " What think you, Miss Montaine ? Can we never alter the past ? Are we to suffer the whole of our lives for one foolish action, or for another's fault ?" "I think not, Monsieur. We may do much to remedy evils from which we Euffer." " All, you think so—you console me !" Helen felt slightly astonished at this outburst, but supposed that some trouble oppresEed him, and thought she could now account for his former fits of irritability. " Yes, yes," he resumed after a pause, " you are right. I feel you are right. We may do all in our power to free ourselves from the evils that beset us." j " I think so indeed," said Helen, remem- ! bering how she had escaped from her aunt's j tyranny. 1 ' Yes, yes," said he, "it is but want of courage which prevents our acting with j decision. It is the biave who take fate into • their own hands, and accomplish that at which the coward might look aghast and the cautious hesitate." "It is foolish," replied Helen, still thinking of her own case, " to sit idly enduring evils from which we might escape with a little courageous effort." "Ah! you are a consoling angel! Your oodness ar.d your wisdom will guide me to appiness." " I am grieved that you are troubled onsieur, but dear Ma.da.nie would console ou best, as she makes your life her study, nd would understand how to offer you consolation/' "Hi-las, holas !" he cricd, throwing up liis hands with a despairing gesture. " Madame cannot understand. Madiime is good, is amiable, but has 110 impassioned soul!"' Helen coloured-and felt uncomfortable, and, looking at her watch, asked if they hid finished practising. " Ay, yes ; I am thinking but of myself. I weary you. Are you going to drive with Madame?" " Yes, Mrs. Newbury and the Major will call to take us up. I expect them here soon." Again that fierce glitter of the eye, and as he turned away Helen fancied she heard the word " stelerat" muttered through his teeth. Then Monsieur fussed about the room ostensibly looking for something, but evidently fuming, whilst Helen was quietly replacing her pieces m the portfolio. j As she advanced to the door to leave the room he strode towards it, holding the handle take in your. 1 would guard you against the Major—it is not well that you should be seen so much with him. His leave of absence is a good excuse for leaving England, but he was obliged to fly." "lam astonished," replied Helen, "they visit everywhere and are visited by every Ah well, it is not good for you to be so much with bim. You must not think of him." "Oh, Monsieur, you are quite in error ; I have no thought for the Major, and he is only Is that really so ? You have no thought for him? Tell me that again, ma chfere, ma cliere!"' and his face brightened with pleasure and exultation while Helen assured him again that she had not any regard for the Major nor ever could have. "Ah well, you must not mention that I have told you ot him. You English people are so fond of the law." The information which Monsieur had given Helen rather spoilt her pleasure in the society of Mrs. Newbury and her brother for a time. Simple-minded and unsuspecting she did not for an instant suppose that he could fabricate such a report, or that he would assert such a thing if it were not true. Little as it concerned or affected her, and convinced that received in society as they were their acquaintance could do her no harm, she could not help a feeling of regret at having to place the Major a step lower in her esteem. Mrs. Newbury she regarded as a self-devoted sister attached to her brother's fortunes through evil or good report. At Versailles that evening the brilliance of the scene, the splendour that surrounded her, would have turned many so young ahead were the heart set only on vanity or pleasure. Not so with Helen, before whose mental vision the image of her idol had never dimmed, nor once had her allegiance faltered; but all beauty, grandeur, aud magnificence but awoke in her heart the more intense and painful yearning for the one companion from which she had severed herself. Monsieur had rightly Baid thai the Empress Eugenie distinguishedMadame by her notice. She sent for her—she desired her to sit by her while she talked and enquired about all she bad seen in England. She also received Helen most graciously after requesting that she might be presented, expressed herself enchanted by her music, and appeared greatly pleased with her. "And you are leaving Paris?" she said, addressing Monsieur; " we no sooner welcome your return than you vanish again from our sight." To which very gracious words Monsieur bowed and returned an answer which in the elegance of its framing, its delicate and insinuating flattery, was only worthy of Monsieur himself. Returning home by train Madame fell asleep. Helen seldom knew fatigue ; bright and fresh, her spirits buoyed with the hope of success in her cherished scheme, her face lighted with animation as she listened to the interesting conversation with which Monsieur beguiled the time, its tliey sped along; she would have felt perfectly happy but for that aching at her heart. She felt Monsieur's evident pleasure, nay pride, in the reception she had met with at the palace, and while he pictured to her imagination scenes he had passed through, or pictures and other works of art he had seen, she could but remark to herself the impassioned fire in his eye so totally different from that hard glitter she had sometimes seen there. They were to leave Paris in a few days; those intervening were occupied in making adieux to Madame's numerous friends. Helen much regretted leaving Mrs. Newbury. "Your departure will hasten our movements," said the latter, "and though we travel by a different route we shall meet again at Milan. I hope you will write often. 1 cannot bear to lose sight of you, my dear Helen—yes, I am glad you wish me to call you so; a more distant addrcsB would be painful to me." "Your affection is more than returned, dear Mrs. Newbury. Would that I had a mother like yourself." " Regard me in the light of one then, dear, if ever you should be in any difficulty or trouble and I can help you in any way. But," Bhe added, laughing, " can you not become IE v dear younger sister ?" Helen looked up puzzled for a moment, then catching the other's meaning said in a distressed tone, "Oh, please don't, Mrs. Newbury." " Ah, well, it may be better for me to hold my tongue. We may or may not meet to-morrow at the large garden party, and perhaps shall have but little opportunity to speak for the last time for some months, so if you are really going now we must say good-by here," and with reiterated regrets the friends parted. A day or two afterwards Helen, with Madame and Monsieur, had flown, sometimes by train, sometimes by carriage, into the beautiful country. They were approaching a vast forest, intersected by lovely patches of cultivation ; in the distance the turrets of an ancient castle were seen, calling up to the mind visions of scenes gone by. About half a mile from the castle Monsieur pointed out the entrance to an underground passage leading (he told the ladies) to the interior of the castle as a provision against siege, and as they carr.e nearer the remains of an old draw-bridge and a moat suggested much to Helen's imagination and inspired her with the greatest interest. To this castle they were bound. " The possession of my husband's ancestors for many generations," said Madame with pride. " He himself is the next heir of all this vast domain, undiminished by one field, curtailed not by one rood ; it has been the glory of each possessor to keep the lands of Dubois intact, suffering any other privation rather than despoil the heritage. They approached through a long avenue of trees opening into a well-kept pleasaunce, leading up to a handsome, stately, but modernized porch. Here they were received by a bevy of servants, all anxious to welcome tne man who might soon be their master. CHAPTER VH. They were led into a spacious old hall, decorated with many .a tattered flag and rusty sword, telling of deeds long past of chivalry, glory, and bloodshed. Here they intended staying for some weeks, and here Helen revelled in delight, having carte-blanche to penetrate wherever her curiosity led her; up each winding, wellworn turret stair, rhapsodizing at the landscape from each turret loophole, dragging good- natured Madame with her to admire also; begging for the exploration of old passages for centuries unused, to be shown dungeons that thrilled her with horror. There was also in the castle a long gallery of pictures, collected carefully from time to time by different owners who had been good connoisseurs of art. Here Helen loved to . resort and to linger; the family portraits, j too, interested her much as she traced the . likeness in each, comparing one with \ another, and in almost every one noting the | same fierce expression of fire in the eye and of hauteur in the curves of the lip which j marked Monsieur's dark face. The portrait of the present Marquis was amongst the rest, but Helen could scarcely believe that the handsome face and kingly bearing belonged to the poor decrepit old I man to whom she had been presented, who lived a most secluded life in one wing of the ! 1 castle, broken down by sorrow and old age, soon to sink into the grave. Such was the present possessor-of this ancient pile, with all its glory of antiquity, with all its interests in legend and in history. Here Madame | would accompany Helen, relating to her absorbed and eager listener tales of heroes' passed away, of bravely sustained sieges, and many deeds of valour, while her pale face would glow with unwonted colour animated by pardonable pride in her husband's heritage. Here Monsieur would delight to point out to Helen the chief points of beauty in the old paintings. " Yes," said he, finding her here alone one day, " with what pride and pleasure will I bringlife and gaiety among these scenes. With what light and warmth will I fill these dark and gloomy halls. With how much pleasure will I open the doors to guests to whom they have been so long closed. It iB for this that I am content to wander about the world making market of what it indulgently calls my talent. I would amass all possible wealth that I may restore its glory to the caetle of Dubois, and," he added, "you will be brightest star when 1 claim my title reign here. You will be the acknowled queen of all." "I, I, Monsieur, you are too flattering. 1 can never forget the kindness and consideration you have always shown me, but I have ties at home that I cannot forego— faces that I must see again or my heart would br°ak." " Helen, my child ! my love ! do not speak of parting—of ties—of a home in which I have no part. I could live under no roof that did not shelter you ; my life would Tie one blank without the sweet young face that has gladdened my heart so long," aud he seized her hand in a strong grasp as though he feared to lose her then and there ; then as suddenly dropping it, he paced up and down while Helen stood bewildered, not knowing what to Eay. " Ah well, well," he said, after a wliile, " I need not forestall the evil day; you must not—will not—cannot leave us yet for a very long time; you cannot in honour, Miss Montaine. " I have no wish to—no thought of doing so. Monsieur—but I am most grateful for the kind feeling you show me. I have the not drive upon my heart." " Indeed, indeed. Monsieur, I do not know how else to express my sense of gratitude toward yourself and Madame for the happy home 1 nave with you." " Do not! do not use those words," he exclaimed vehemently, "such words should have no meaning between us < Oh, that some stronger tie bound you than mere chance and circumstances!" Helen looked yet more bewildered, and almost frightened; upon which he calmed himself, approaching and taking her hand ' * his own, this time gently and said " My endd, forgive my folly: mine is a disappointed and embittered life—childless, daughterless, comparatively companionless. You have awakened in my heart a knowledge of what happiness might be in such companionship as I feel myself capable of enjoying. But promise me that although no tie of relationship binds you, you will vet regard me as your greatest friend—one who has the deepest and sincerest interest in your happiness." " I consider myself fortunate indeed and happy in the friends I have found in you and in Madame, and I must repeat that I shall never forget; but you will, you must forgive me, Monsieur, if I confess to an irrepressible longing to see again those from whom I have been so long separated," "Yes, ves; it is natural—certainly it is right; it must be so, but— but you will be content to remain now. You shall see them—will see them. I will take you myself by-and-by; but promise—promise again—that you will always regard me—and—and Madame as your nearest mends—as if you belonged to us by the tie of relationship—that you will make no arrangements with anv one about any matter without first consulting me.' "I can readily promise that, Monsieur. Of course I would not think of doing so while I am bound by an engagement to you; but nothing is likely to occur to make such a promise necessary." " We cannot tell; but having your promise I enn rest satisfied." And seeing that she wished to leave him he quietly let ner go. For some days afterwards a feeling that was neither pleasure^ nor gratification remained ill He) ten's mind as she recalled all Monsieur's words and excited maimer. She supposed that his vehement expressions might have been the outcome of a hitherto smothered yearning for the love of a daughter; but she had a vague sense (and this filled her with almost a feverish anxiety) that if he could he would come between her and home, especially if he knew that " home" meant to her one treasured idd. She avoided meeting Monsieur after this. When she did mset him there was a gloom upon his face, an almost surliness in his manner, especially to Madame. This roused in Helen's mind the old feeling of indignation against him. She had become really attached to Madame, loving her for her quiet and self-abnegating spiiit; so she sought her society more than ever, persuading and prevailing upon her often to stroll with her into the bright sunshine outside the walls of the old gloomy castle, or taking a book Helen would read aloud to Madame sitting in a favourite spot beside a clear stream. Years after Helen often looked back to that quiet time and those pleasant hours spent beside that gentle woman, and wondered if many such martyr lives were lived that the world neither saw nor heeded, though bravely suffered, and lived from day to day before its very eyes. "That is a very entertaining book. I have been much interested. Thank you, my dear," said Madame, after a few such pleasant bours. "Yes ; I think it is time to go back. Shall we return by the other path—by the old oak ?" " How pleasant this country life is," said Helen, "and what a quiet and happy life yours will be when you come into the possession of this place. It will always be a rest for you after the gaieties of Paris." " I must be content to live where and how my husband wishes, and I do not think that a life without society would please him for any length of time. He is certainly made to shine," and with a despondent sigh she added, "lam a poor foolish woman, quite unsuited to such a man." " I do not know what Monsieur would do without you, dear Madame. But we are taking the wrong path; look, there is the entrance to the underground passage. We i must go round by it." _ My husband is having it cleared out; he had a great curiosity to explore it." lb" Shall we go down into it a little way?" said Helen. "You will not be afraid? Ihe workmen cannot long have left—here are their pickaxes; it seems to be cleared for some distance in." Helen spoke from the bottom of -some rugged steps, and was standing inside the cave. " Give me your hand then, my dear: I will descend. ! Shut your eyes for a few moments ; that enables one to see better in the darkness afterwards." They went on carefully for some time, " Look," said Helen, " there is a gleam of light—surely another way out;" but they | found that it was only a ray from the sinking sun penetrating through a hole in the side of the bill, evidently cut for air and light. This dim light enabled them to proceed yet further until they came where another passage diverged from the first, " It is feeJing cold and damp; let us hasten home," said Madame. " Ah, but Mademoiselle," said Helen's I piaid tp her tbas evening, "I Would not venture there for worlds. Do you know there is a dreadful story about that underground passage, where a poor young mother fled with her infant from a band of ruffians, and never was seen again, but the shrieks they say can often be heard at night now from that hillside." "A very foolish ending to a sad story, Annette," said Helen ; " for myself, I. should have no fear as far as ghosts are concerned, although it would certainly be a very unpleasant place to pass a night in, and I should fear to lose myself among the passages, or to fall into a well that I am told is there. 11 " Ah, blessed Virgin, save me! I would not venture there for worlds." CHAPTER Vm. They were to take their departure from the castle and proceed on weir journey within another week—so Monsieur decreed—• or the autumn would be advancing before they crossed the Alps. They were to winter in Italy. "lhat will be a very pretty picture my dear, when finished. You have chosen A lovely view to sketch." Helen was sitting by a casement painting while Madame spoke, looking over her shoulder. " And now I am glad you have such interesting employment, lor I must pay my last visit to that poor old woman on the other side of the wood and leave you alone, No, my dear, you muet not come, for there is still danger. You know I am proof against such fevers. I will be back before dark, Adieu." Madame had not returned before "Helen retired that night, but as it was no unusual thing for her to stay with the sick and lonely until quite late she was not anxious about her; but the next morning Helen did not see her in her usual place and enquired of the maid— "Did not Madame return last evening, Annette ?" " " No Mademoiselle. Monsieur assures me that she intended to stay with the poor old woman if she found her alone. Me ? ah. no! I would not go for her indeed I I should be sure to take that dreadful fever and die." Helen waited and watched for Madame'sreturn with an anxiety she could scarcely account for or endure. She remembered her promise to be at home before the evening; now was it then that she had told Monsieur so differently ? Monsieur had gone away very early in the morning to join a banting party, and would stay this night at a chateau some miles off. It would be quite in ascbrdance with Madame'e kindness of heart tostay with the poor old woman, if necessary, but to make herself assured that she xealiy was safe Helen determined to Bet ont at once across the forest, taking with her a little peasant-boy as guide. . ,: There were two paths in leaving the castle—the —-— nearer and better one TT , leading . by . the subterranean passage. Helen was apottt to take it, but noticing the rductanCe ot tbe hov, and pitying his superstitious lean, she followed the other. «' Yes, ma'&m;," he said In his own patois In answer to a question of Helen's, "indeed, Bcreams are sometimes heard from there. There is a curse, too, on the ground. AH the trees are stunted around it, and since the age has been cleared out a piece of rock C given way, quite blocking up the entrance." The forest was of vast extent, and in parts densely wooded. Helen eaw how easy it would be for one not thoroughly acquainted with the leading of its beaten path to get lOBt and wander for miles out of the way. They reached at last the hut of the poor old woman. Knocking, the door was opened by her granddaughter, from whom Helen learnt to her dismay that Madame had left just before dusk the previous evening. To hasten home and raise the neighbourhood was Helen's next anxiety. She sped along so fast that the boy could scarcely keep pace W Madame had endeared herself to the peasants around by her goodness and kindness to them; besides, being the wife of their future lord was sufficient to move them to every exertion and to render every assistance possible. They rose en masse and separated Into parties to scour the forest, drag the stream, and examine the pitfall. Poor Helen did not cease to blame herself that she had not begun her search earlier in the day. Now her forced inaction was almost unendurable. Hour after hour she watched from the castle parapets for any sign from the searchers that might give her hope, and as she saw the fun sinking, and day gradually declining, the thought of a second night spent by poor Madame, weary, alone, without food or shelter, was most distracting. Monsieur was Btill absent. She knew not what to do. She could watch no longer from her height. When the moon .'arose she-harried out by herself, running as far as she dared into the wood, calling, listening, calling again; but no answer came, only an owl flew out from_ a tree above her head, startling her with its screams ; then all was -silent again. _ It was a warm summer night, a fu l.moon was shining. She wandered on till she came to the subterranean passage, where she found ihfkt the entrance was blocked by large pieces of earth and rock, as the ueasant boy bad said, which, no doubt accidentally loosened by unskilful labourers, had fallen since they left The spot looked desolate and forsaken indeed—a place well calculated to inspire the ignorant mind with dread, laden as it was with stories of horror. She paced up and down, listening for the voices of returning searchers. No sound met her ear, only the sough of the wind through the distant tall elms. Presently a low moan as from the ground startled her. She stopped, and listened intently—again it came. Then she remembered' the ray of light she had seen in the cavern when exploring it with. Madame, and could account sow for thesounds like screams and moans so often affirmed to be heard coming from the side'-ofthe hill, .caused no doubt by the wind through that small aperture so carefully concealed on tiie outside. She sat down, weary with watching and anxiety. Another wail and moan, almost, she ~ could fancy, shaping itself into words— thrilled her through. Trembling with fright in spite of the cause she had assigned for the sounds she started to herfeet again. " Oh, Madame ! Madame, where are you ? Oh,tbat we could find you !" she cried in an agony of mind, "are you dying alone where •re .cannot reach you ? What would I not give to find yob Again a wail, .as ifatrengthened by a last hope, seemed to answer Helen, and this time the words <vere distinct, or at least 'Helen fancied so, that she could even hear her own name called in the voice of poor Madame. She. feared that the distress -of the last few hours was rendering her delirious; still, as . if for relief to her mind, she continued ealling-Madame, thensat down again npon the ground, endeavouring to calm herself. Once more. she heard that dreadful wail. It was, it must be, Madame's own voice that she recognised now-; with a great effort sheoalmed herself, then called again as distinctly as she could, placing her ear near the spot whence the- pounds came and listened—ah, how -anxiously ! .Hie answer came, "On, save . me I save me !" ' " Yes, yes, dear Madame Dubois, I amhere, and will soon get help to releaseyou. Be patient for only a short time longer." And then Helen flew with all the speed she • could until she arrived breathless at the castle gate. Itwas the postern-gate to which she came, where she pulled the heavy bell, and while "the ponderous bolts were being withdrawn she had time to regain her breath to speak. " Come ! come'!" she cried," call more men and come ; bring pickaxes and lanterns. I have found Madame Dubois." Hie porter stood a moment to take in her Words, then hastened to obey. "Quick! quick!" she cried, " two or three • men will be sufficient, but come quickly." With great presence of mind she provided herself with a . bottle of water, some bread, and a warm rug, then set out again to guide the servants. 