MELBOURNE. (from our own correspondent.) Monday. Tile late Burwood tiger scare having at length died a natural death, the lovers of the sensational here are being treated to another dish in the very " questionable shape " of a ghost story. It is Baid that a family which went, a week or so back, to reside in an old stone house situated at the northern end of King-street, hurriedly changed their quarters again a few days afterwards, owing to the pranks of a female visitant from the spirit land, whose footsteps were heard on the stairs in the dead hours of the night, and of whoso form a glimpse was once caught by one of the members of the household. On this occasion the members of the family were assembled in the dining room, at about 9 p.m., when the footsteps were heard by all present. Mr Blank, jumped up, rushed out of the room into the ball, and—so runs the tale—saw the figure of a young lady rapidly ascending the stairs. He instantly gave chase, but before lie had got half way to the top the mysterious visitor had vanished. He re turned to the room he had just left and related the occurrence, and the whole family, after having searched all over the house without discovering anything unusual, sat up all night, being too much ! alarmed to go to bed. The next day they quitted the house, and now declare that nothing would induce them to darken its doors again. To make the story com plete, it is said that the " ghost" has since been seen sitting at a window of the house in question. It seems exceedingly problematical whe ther Mr Walker, who was successful in obtaining £100 against the Daily Tele graph will gain much substantial advan tage from his verdict. To-day an appli cation was made in Chambers on behalf of Mr Goldberg to attach £48 on a jndgment and it was stated that Mr Walker had given an absolute assignment of his ver dict in consideration of advances.. The judge reserved his decision. A girl named Alice Crump, 19 years old,'was arrested to-day at her residence in Little Collins-street, oh the charge of concealment of birth. The police dug up the yard of the house in which she lived but could qot find the child. A rather curious action was tried before Judge Williams, without a jury, to- day. The plaintiff, Mr J. S. Latham, sued Mr Robert Scott, to recover £1000 damages, owing to the loss of some boxes of valu able articles deposited in the defendant's store. Mr Latham came to the colony in 18S2, bringing with him three boxes and a portmanteau, containing works of art and articles of family interest, worth alto gether about £G9G. The things were deposited in a store owned by the defen dant, who placed William Scott and Ro bert Fraser in possession. The things were then moved, and Mr Latham was unable to find out anything about them. Some rent haying been unpaid the defen dant put in a distress for rent. This, however, he denied. The result, how ever was a verdict for the plaintiff for £500. Robert Carroll, a colored man, •who has been carrying on business as a Tan man at Ballarat, obtained a rule for a divorce from his wife Emily Carroll to-day, on the ground of her misconduct with one Josiah Gregory. The marriage took place on iSew Years' Day, 18G1, and they lived together until 1872, when the attractions of one Josiah Gregory overcame Mis Car roll's devotion to her noble lord and master ; and she fled with the gay deceiver who passed off the faithless one as his wife. Mr Carroll has been prevented by the tightness of .the money market from instituting proceedings before. A peculiar suit for dissolution of mar riage camebeforethe Divorce Court to- day. The petitioner, Edward Alfred Stratford, now 2G. He was married in 1876 to Ann Agnes Stratford, whose acquaintance he made whilst returning in a cab from a race meeting at Elemington. He took her to a ball, and after a very brief acquaint ance married her at her request, the ceremony being performed by a registrar at Collingwood. She found the money, his earnings being only los per week. The next day he left the colony, and only returned a year ago, not having seen his wife in the meantime. It. was sought to be shown that the petitioner was under j the influence of drink when he committed the marriage. Judge Holroyd thought the petitioner had wilfully deserted his wife, and that he must to be taken to have been competent to contract the marriage when he did so. He refused to grant a divorce. Tenders were dealt with by the Railway Commissioners to-day as follow :—-Manu facture and supply of 13 pairs of locomotive engine cylinders, Port Phillip ShipBuilding etc. Company, £923 103 ; construction of bridges, offices and verandahs at North Melbourne, J. H. C. Sutherland and Co., £11,945 8s ; construction of Ballarat cattle yards railway, Madden and Brown, £2940 IS3 2d; additions to station buildings at Malvern, D. A. Swanson, £363 lis; supply of 15,000 railway sleepers, referred for report; purchase of old truck wheels and axles, P. Bevan, £305; supply of canvas hose, reels and other fire brigade appliances, J. Danks and Sons, £229 C3 3d ; manufacture and supply of 50 hand fire pumpB, Dalgleish and Thompson, £192 10s ; construction of brick platform wall at Flemington Racecourse station, Shepherd, Moore and Co., £635 16s lid; lease of sites for grain platforms and. shed at Cope Cope, referred for report. The proposal to establish a Temperance Hospital in the thickly populated, and at the same time somewhat aristocratic dis trict of East Melbourne, seems to have created quite a panic amongst the owners and occupants of property in the ■ vicinity. This morning a large and in fluential deputation, including Sir Chas. MacMahon, Alderman Benjamin, and a number of well-known citizens, waited upon the Mayor of Melbourne to urge various objections to the project. The deputation pointed out inter alia that the site of the hospital would be limited to the very small area of a quarter of an acre, while it would be in close proximity to the Cairns' Memorial Church, and also to a large and popular Ladies' School, while the drainage from the proposed establishment would be discharged in front of a number of private residences. The mayor promised that the matter should receive careful consideration. The Rev. J. A. Dowie, who has so rer cently undergone a month's imprisonment, is once more an inmate of the gaol, but this time he gets off with seven days' imprisonment, and hopea to be out again in time to preach on Sunday. On May 4th, the very day upon which the rev. gentleman was sent to prison for the non payment of a previous fine, he was fined £20 for marching in procession contrary to the 47th Bye-law of the city of Fitzroy. The fine was not paid, and in duo course a warrant of distress issued, which was returned unsatisfied. Thereupon the de fendant was called upon to show cause why he 'should not be committed. He said he had no means of paying, com plained strongly against the injustice of the Bye-laws, and said that a plebiscite of the citizens was to be taken to decide whether it should remain in force or not. Mr Alley, P.M., the chairman of tho bench, said that the magistrates would not allow themselves to be influenced by any feelings of anger against the defendant, owing to his un gracious and improper charges against them, and would pass the lenient sentence of seven days' imprisonment. Tho de parture of the prisoner in a wagonette for gaol was witnessed by a crowd of his followers, of whom he took an affectionate farewell. 