"MR CHAIRMAN.' f'ttsiic 'i'.eoiings are pecnlitrly English instita- j firms. Other aMicns have Iheir popular gather- . out they occur upon sat oocstiuns or by the invitation of route onein authority. They are not . t' (1, earrieri ou and contiollsd by the people . h :rLM.!ves, I am not making this statement as a | uutiei of brag, but as a matter of fact, Th.t ! \- orus ' Knglish " and " nn-Bniilish " are not to i oy m'nd uy -n\ means Bynouytnes for "good" ' ,y.i oad." Evfn in respect to th9 subject of I vi .eh I rpMik. it. id quite possible that communi- | t wbi'i.; there ie Us- disposition to have recourse j public .alkiug may tisv.- tn-it cimprnsations. ti,-. that is apart trim tbe questicin. It is \- simp.' truth ;b.t wb're Knglishmen or the r.iFc> Fdnte of Knirlishmen abide, there you have ; I opuiar meetings upon every conceivable eubject, lo rn tbe conducsof tha central Givernrcentto the impofiticn of an extra penny on tram-tickets, | In the ureal metropolis vf the empire, the " bnsh" nt Aus'ralie the I'-wkwools of .America, the wilds i r Africa, thp ulitids of Oceanto or Poly- ' li.T.ia — wberevi' r y..u bsve English apeskiog r-i.j l, — ti -rri: you hsve E tglish spokeo in gup- ' i. 't -. ii'soiutiotis, and "Mr Ob. irm.n'1 called : upon i" pr(s>di' over a public meeting, I can b-inp. 'ij.ipsn e-ideuce into Court. Does not our l-'.-t cri'.ic, M. O'Kell. B.-tiri-c the practice by ' ii. f.'.b.tii; Et'gii-.h p'-'jule, even in Heaven, as ' holding a mt-tiug to ventilate their grievances f S tU m .ki - vhu ni'stske, whicu no satirist of oar ! j.-i, : n i-on'd hsve Btumiiled on, of represent ing Eiuihih ghosts as i.ppcaling to St. Peter, an i-i'ieriaatin and a G-verumr-' t . fHuUl, to preside iv- 1 t un, liut w't.h this exception, his shaft of r. . icuir i-; li.ir'y dirtcted, l uh'ic mcetirga btirg inevitable and trequpnt, it inl.ow-. that, the p-si-ioc of " Mr Cbairmm " is 0 e - ' ;cb nn per. on is safo from being required in Hi- iirae, Mrnre the value of tbe little volume, neb vmi'.her popular but more mysterious digci- t-i ; , ' I he Knit r," hss atked raa 10 notice, and pag.s I n-vc scanned with «ome interest. ;.t. if e-.ti 'to ' i't>. Cba rmrn's Hacdbonk," which, its rariie" Fhap'-H, will have neen familiar to r.iii./, mis .-.rico i.H. ju». arrived -t ihe dinniry of ,t ix th ami eDliitgrd edition. Ha »utb r, Mr Regi- r.a'.'. 1 »:gi -.ve, ta clerk .asbb'.taot of the House of Cum- i- a-, and certainly euti'led, from long and in vr. -niiUTii g cxpe: cnce, to (-peak autho. litativel. of the matte; in band, Every it t :\in the condnci of a puooc, a board o, n iMoiuEtiuc meeting, from tbe election .1 c nirman to the fiua1 vote, ii iet forth clearly ir. thii- bi ch'j!.-. Had its contents been known to ti e - -y r oi this ci.>, oe would haid'.y hava per- 1 u.Mcri that bluodi r tbe other nirnt, of declin- ii.g t. pr.t to a meetiiiv an aiuin 'meot whiou he tirt i -offered to be inly propo-ed and seconded, tii wi oid flub itjaid down by Mr P ilgr.tve— " If » M -uion or anlAfcen ioient in Onlor, and has t"in u'y propo-ed and seconded, th Question ibei-.-o.i n»n>' b- at i nt.-t .ri'p. snd from the Chair. I t'.is ru ibtrc i- no . xooiiii ui, A Ohairmin h»B r,o i.piion iD this ' iiit-r, even tnouga .he Mi. (ton or Anitnifmciit nir>ctly hostile to the wh-.le pnrpose for w! ich ilie meeting w»b convened, or mi-ht t.riog it t- an abruot termination by I cooipt'liinif him to leave tbe Obair," I i whole i'upi ot the i l.iborate miss end ir.- I Miui"ii ne, oast d on tbe practice of tbe House of j Common tei forth in this hsnobook, will bo ' nadiiy comprehensible to an amateur and un- pi- cliced chaiiman, it be will but bethink bim ti at bis mi-ii n is oniy to cuntr '1 a meetlug so far a- lbs' its views may o- clearly ascdtiiued. outhorlti is for the time vested in him to secure nicer 'or tht uiposo; no other. He is not to set Vie dic.um in lieu f tha'. of the m-etiac, bat in ail eio 'cts to no ble the mee'iog td express t ...elf Tbe mo-.nku which so mauy a chairman n'vkes ie ir orget.inp that it is the opinion of the mee'u g whi tn i- to give its -If atterance, no', bis o, inion. A citizi-n fluds himself fin the nonce d/eesed in u l;v tie brief autho- ri'.v," i' quctid t>i ai'. le ''points of order," a u occupy ir;g a post which is "the cyoo- sine if neighbouring ey-.," and he is apt to b p;o '< fn.'cy him c f a »ort o: judge iu a court of justice, or a ol.u.ol st, a court .martial, A j n u: - t.f psfg.aveV liitln wo-k— iiSBu eiug that he i - a man of averago capacity— woo Id . 'noble bim to dinern thbt hi- function is a stiictly limited lie, thai it is p. rformed if the sentiment of toe n.e;t'Dg becomes fairly iut-.llig'ble. and is over- et'.ppeo if through any action ol his the moating be gsgg'd or hampered. It mutt be owned, however, that simple as tbe dibyseemr, a good cnairmat Is qaite a "rara avis." Where a meeting is amiable, sensible, and oriietly, -nd wonld ger. along as well without a ch-iimsn ss with one, ot coarse, ihers is no c-fficolty, lime lay figure in the chair is as good as rnntber. But with a meeting a trifle restive snd excited there comti 'ha test of ability for "Mi dbaiimsD," Points of order are aggravating cottrii slices, and it is n't every one mat can b» stiitled in the prompt fashion set forth in Bret Haste's famous poem — Ihm >buer Dean, ol Asgsi's, railed a point st order— wtieu A ehm.k of old ren rsudnums took blm to tho ab'omen ; a ne. h .nilied a kind cf rfokly vmlle, and ooried op oo ttio flor, /tad Ibe lubseqnaBt proosedlogs lutersitvd bim oo mors. bo, at election meetings qa-'-stion to the candi date, are apt t.> be troubles jme, >nd difficult for Mr Chairman to keep witbia moderate bounds, I remember t>n instance in '.be colony of Vistoria many years ago, where the chairman was ably '.(fitted by the m'-eung. It wa« at Kiim iro, a roiiaiHuecc/ msinlyr Celtic, represented for years by O'HhaniBitj, but suhnquently oy Mr Lawrence lourke, known among his familiars, fn friendly greeting, as " Larry Bourke." He was net an orator, but always voted straight, and hid no leanings towards local option, save in the matter of a choice of drinks. Mi Bourke bat1, said his say, Very briefly but saiisfuctoiily, una had sat down amid cheers which lasted as long as his speech, Questions weie then invited. There was a panae, At length a hardy elector, who was kno wn to be an opponent i f the ' OuVl " came, arose and was about to CBtcchiat, when thud 1 cam, a shillelagh behind bim ton be dropped under the seat, A great cheer and then a" i.he' pau'e ; after wnish, Mr (.htiirman, a l; : - shouiciure i, genial Ir sh- men, arose ai d, so emn hb au archbishop, ask,J, " is time ur.y oiber gintleman would like to put a question to Mister Bourke 1" In Virginia Oily, iu its talmy days, we are told, h pra maiical iuoividual at a caucus m: eting was orougbt to teroiB by a proceeding n the part on th<. chai.mao, difficult to encouuier by ordinary process of argument, Tbe orator, spite of oppo- eition id tbe part of the msjoritv, was insisting oo his right to b, heard, and oad ja-t procl.timud the'. h« had ton e poinm of order bo inteuded to Hubmit, when the chairman qui.-tly oaserved: "See he.-e, struuger I You've got turee points of oii'ei to give us ; I've go< six here ; you'll gat two of these for every one of youro ;" an I he put nts six-shooter gently on the table. That meeting heard no more of those points of order, and coon dit- priscd of its business. Hut alas, these decisive modes of securing order are not to be iouud in Palgrave, and I supposr, cannot bo altogether commended in these df generate days. 1 most, therefore, advise any gentleman who is likely to bu addressed as " Mr ( baiiman " at nny meeting, from a gathering like Bam, Weller's " leg-o'-mutti n ,oiree " to a Town- hbli ' ntnss meeting, to make himself acquainted witn the contents of this handbook, ond astonish his friends by ti e capacity, and piomptitudo waicb will be evinced by bim in tbe performance of bis important duties. rauiaua, 