Round the Bivouac Fire. (Poem for Rccitation.) Round the bivouao firo, at midnight, loy the weary warrior-band; Bloody were their spears with slaughter : gory was eaoh hero's hand : . For the ghastly fight was ended : from each. soul a whiBpor oame : ' God of Battlea 1 we have triumphed : hal . lowed bo Thy Mighty Name 1' It waa beautiful, at midnight, whon the . Dlooay war was aone, Whon the battle clashed no longer, and no longer blazed the Bun, ? Calmly, in the balmy starlight, to repose out wearied limbs, ' ' ' Not a sound to atir the stillness, save tho sound of holy hymns : ' Thou hast given us the glory: Thou. hast . oast our foes to shame ! .' 'j God of Battles I we have triumphed : hal-' lowed be Thy mighty name 1 Thou hast given us the glory : Thou hast, j i bade our troubles cease : T ; Thou art great as God of Battles : Thou art best as God of Peace 1' Peaceful was the world around them : in the peaceful summer skies ; ? Watched the sentry stars obovo them,, like ? « tho host of angel-eyes : Shone the sentinel stars in splendour on eaoh slumbering hero's head, ? . '. And the moonlight gleamed in glory on the dying and the doad. Rosily wore the night to morning: oheerilyi1 , their heart's deaire, Sang the soldiers songs of triumph, round the ruddy bivouao fire : . / , Flushed their faces were with glory : strong , 'were they, and brave, ahd 'tall : ? But the tender tears of childhood bathed the bravest face of all I Pensive, by the gleaming firelight, mute .the, ! lonely warrior utood : . ? .v. :1' T n l,:a Vinnr] a -nftrim- nrnsnpd lip. florflwlfiii with letters, large and crude : . ' In his gory hands ho graBpod it ; and the ten- . der childly tear, -; ., :. From hia .manly bosom welling, bathod.:tho, 'blood upon his spear 1 , i Silent woro the night to morning : silent,- at their heart's desire, Watching lay tho weary warriors, round the gleaming bivouac firo : ' What'a tho news from England, comrade 1 What's the sorry news for thee, From the frionda we left behind us j and our home beyond tho sea ? ' . ' Then the gory paper oped he, scrawled with letters, crude and wild : ?' Little news from England, comrades : 'tis a letter from my ohild.' ' From our merry babes in England, welcome ia the nows 1 ' they said : Anil the soldiers lay in silencc, while the war rior rose and read : ' Little ? brother died at Christmas : mother told me not to tell ; But I think it better, fathor, for you said, ' The dead aro well.' He was buried side o' Mary— mother ainoo' has never amiled — Till we meet, good-bye, dear , father— from, your little loving ohild 1 ' Silent wore the night to morning; silent, at their soul's desire, ? Lay the warriors, lost in dreaming, round the dying bivouao fire; Home were they, once more, in England I miles were they from war's alarma I Hark! the sudden bugle sounding I. Hark!: the cry : ' To arms I to armB ! ' Out from ambush, out from thicket, charged. tho foemen through the plain ; ' Up, my warriors 1 arm, my heroes I Strike ' for God and home, again I For, our homes, our babes, our country 1': And the ruddy morning light Flared on brandished falchions bloody still' with gore of yesternight 1 Purple grew the plain with slaughter— steed and rider, side by, aide ; V , . And the crimson day of carnage, in a orim son sunset died : . Shuddering on the field of battle glimpsed the , starlight overhead, . ? , And the moonlight, ghost-like, . glimmered on the dying and the, dead I' . .. Faint' and few, around the fire- light, were the stretohed,' outwearied limbs : - ; '?.. i Faint and fow the hero-voioes that uprose in holy hymns:' , ? ... , Few the. warriors left to whisper,; ' Thou haat . cast our foea to ahame : - ? . God : of Battlea !- we have triumphed : hal- : '! lowed be Thy mighty Name I' ; v.i! On the purpls plain of slaughter^', wiio ia thiia .. ..that smiles 'in rest, With a shred of gory paper lying on his mangled breast ? ' ' ' Nought remaining, save a fragment, scrawled with lettora, crude and wild : ' Till we meet, good-by, dear fathor — from' your littlo loving ohild 1' Raise himi softly: lift him gently stanch hia lifo-blood, obbing Blow : IIo, is breathing — ho is whispering — what is ... thia he murmurs low ?, ? , ' Saved I my ohild — my home— my country ! it Fathor, .give my pangs release : Thou art great as God. of. Battles : .Thou art best as God of Peace I'*-. ..i, j:.-.vSauu&Ii;'K.:Cowani.M;A., m.TlieXlmtre, 