The Advertiser MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1883. RUSSIA has scored a point in the Afghan dispute by imposing upon the British Cabinet the obligation to wait a fortnight for General Komaroff to give his version of the late oncouiiU-r betwocit tlu> Rushuuis and tlic Afghans on the River Murghab. She thus gains breatliint; time for a calm survey of the position, and by committing the British OJovemment to an implied promise of tcm]>orary inactivity lias leisure to deliberate upon the boat plan of making the next move ao as to shift the responsibility for iu nurst conn?qu?iices froniLcrowiibliouiderH. Thenextmove and not tlic last one thus becomes the pivot on which tlic political complications must tiim. A demand for explanations admits the lij [?'thesis i>f evplanarious i>omi; li.csiblf aii<l t-vi-n B;itisfactMr>', ami ituuiy 1.1- t:.ki n for gr,mU'?l that words will iK.t fail ;i Kuasian iliplomati?t to transfer Jie M.iiiie of the ?]iiarrvl to the opposing aide. The instructions sent from St. Petersburg tn (iii-iml Konuu-ofl'ueivproliablyaccoin panit-d with a clear indication of tlic terms of liis txjkttcfl ruply. \\\ hetlier this ba tin- t;ise or ii--I it would lx.-siui|ile ilidilish ncsst'i indulge the belk-f tluit tliu Kussia.it coiiiiiiHiuler will be guilty of the ind im let i< ill of .saying tliiit he din obeyol the <>i\lcis issued fioiu head ?jUai-it-iN more than :i month before, and vMintiiiily attacked an Afghan out post willioiit beiii" provoked by hostile ojKi-!tii-ii.-> ayainst Ins <itvn force. Indeed, Sir IVtfi' Luniwleii Itiis made haste to prevent ai.y false imiiiessi.-ii in this iv.s]a-tt, ai.u admits that the Afghans main a im iiiicinu; denionstrHtioit agniusl the invading Russians, though sm far as can l>e judged from the cablegrams this pit.ici-ded no furtln-r than the jeering taunts of defiance and the wild transports of excitement tvhieh barbarous tribes ahv;.js dispLiy in the prebenue of an ad\ai?-iiig foe. This may be alleged by }fiit.--ia to coiistitute a sufttcieiit £?ivt?i'£t fur not confining her military manoeuvres uj uu-rely defensive tactics until, according to her pledge to England, uegotiationsfor the delimitation of the boundary were reduced to more definite shape. It the plea be admitted the promise to avoid collision with the Afghans is absolutely worthless, for Russia lias placed herself iu a situation where it will be impossible to redeem such a promise. By garrisoning the Zulticar Pans, Sari-VazL, and Pul-i-Kltisti, the Russians have practically brought them selves into contact with a chain of Afghan outposts, and so long as the several strategic positions are held by the rival races conflicts between the Litter must be inevitable. The Russians have advanced into a couutiy inhabited by a people with an unconquerable love of independence, and who cannot be induced to submit, with out striking a blow, to the domiuation of a foreign master. The Afghans are not ignorant of the policy of annexation pursued by Russia on the steppes of Turkestan, and when they see place after place occupied by die Russian troops they naturally suppose that each successive plot of ground on which the Muscovite plants his foot has gone from the power of the Afghan for ever. Continuing her marvellous march of conquest Russia lias taken possession of a number of unprotected places in Afghanistan, and offers the accommodating assurauco to England that while these pleasant ex cursions meet with no hindrance she will refrain froni the exercise of force. When, however, her last easy acquisition is in close contiguity to a place more strongly defended, and she is confronted with the fear of a body of armed men who evi dently mean mischief if they are attacked, the necessity arises to remove these obstacles to her steady march. If Russia were allowed to retain the pact of Afghariiafori to which, die now lays claim she would soon discover reason* whj.Jher boundary ought to be altered bo as "to get a little more, and when she had absorbed the whole of Afghanistan some ingenious theory would be put forth that the bordering provinces oE India formed a natural part of the country under her rule. Her seizure of Herat is only a question of time unless England anticipates .Russia in the occupation of that city. Such a step would be at variance with the policy we have uni formly adopted in our dealings with the Afghans. After visiting with retributive justice deeds of treachery and lawlessness our troops have always been withdrawn from the country, bo that the people might be convinced that we have no desire to thrust the yoke of our government upon diem, or to force them to regulate their internal affairs in accordance with our ideas of right. It is of the highest importance that the same wise principle of repudiating domestic interference with the Afghans should be upheld now, and that those veiy susceptible people should not make the mistake of thinking that they are called upon to choose between two sets of masters, but that they should clearly understand they have to struggle for their independence. If left alone Russia will soon pick a quarrel with them, which will bring to a disastrous end the rule of the Ameer, and leave a very sharp dividing line between the Indian frontier and the Czar's dominions. Tile existing boun ditiies of the Ameer's territories have hitheito been recognised on Russian maps, and in dispatches sent from St. Petersburg to the Foreign Office in London in 1671. The disputed land certainly was not included in the limits of ruleenjoyed by Dost Mahommed a i;d Shere Ali, but their successor has taken it when no one else had a better right to it, and its inhabitants have ackiuAvledged themselves as his subjects. Tbe A nicer bad quite as much right to ;.in:vx tenitoiy as the Czar, and as he acted with tin? approval of England it is reasonable tliat he should be able to rely up< 11 <>ur support in defending it from Russian aggression. I'nciouded tranquillity in Britisli India will l-t- impossible with the Russians in .-(limit |His?ession of the slice of Af g!i:un-taji they have purloined, and wlu-il.iT by negotiation or by con flict i ur national interests require Uiat it be wrested from their grasp. At l>jv.v:ii die subjects of the Ameer voidd fijjlit <!i*peratvly for the frontier defined for tli. in by England, and it would be a fat;il bliu.derto create in the Afghan mind tiie impression that we are either not v.iliii'L'enough or not strong enough to protect them. It would l>e no easy matter to n store a confidence onco rudely shakc-u. mid upon England's prompt and I<.y:il fnitilmeut of her engagements with the Aiiieer now depends the prestige of tiie I'ritish name and the solidity of Pritish power in the East. These con siderations have not of course escaped the m-tii i- ?.f English statesmen, and it is but fair t<i assume that what we are apt to ascribe to extreme moderation of tone in remonstrating with Russia is dictated by a desire to make perfect coolness and self-control conspicuous in negotiations of so delicate a character. The twenty thousand troops now mustered at Rawul Pindi luive been probably assembled with a view to some greater emergency tlian the idle purpose of amus ing the Ameer on his holiday. There can be no miscalculation of the measure of alarm felt in England, for the whole country is being armed to the teeth. No piudciit man would counsel any rash interruption of existing relations with Russia to precipitate a crisis wliii'li wi.uM plunge the country headlong itrt<> Ihe miseries of w.ir. but whvn the ilrsk'iii. of Russia are so flagrantly iiiaui ft*t. ar.l her settled determination U so infl?-\il-li\ it may Ik- the height of folly f> ?/i\v Lei the further advantage of her own <li..ict-.f the time ami the opportunity, ;ii!?l hesitation may ofu-n be as inexcu saili' :is ti-tiitrrity. The loss of India wtisUl W too heavy a price for England to I ay f< r the mistake.-, of her rulers, and yet ti.tuvly a handful of people could be iom.-tl l!i!"U^ r!u?ut thi- British <]<*u>ini<<ii!i v\ 1? <? ncriitiisly beliexe that India will be pivs?-i vul ;in<l at the Mine time a spirit of niin ssioii and conciliation maintained lowiinln Riis*i:t. It nouKl be better tit pi-'iLitiii war l?-liil> ulieu c.-nditii.us aiise n.o. i -.i-ttriit with the liiiti >nal tlii-uity and saft-iy tliun to drift into it iutpctveptibly :ift? i putchiii!; up one .coiiU'iuptibte sijiiiiM.il- ufu-r another, each of which l?.aVi-s us in :i aorse plight of uppreheu .?ji>:ii Mill dislioiioi' than Ivfoiv. 'I'll!. t?i- cases recently decided in Mel- Ixuiiii' to test the question whether secular entertainments to which a charge f>>r ";uiinissicii is made can lawfully be held <.n Sundays are tif more than ordi naty interest. It is to be noted that die proceedings laid against the defendants Robertson and Symes were taken under an Ait €-f tJeoi-ge 111., passed fur the purpose of "preventing certain abuses and profanatinns of the Lord's Day." In the first case Robertson was sued for managing and conducting an entertain ment at die Hall of Science fur admission to which payment was charged on Sun day ; and in the second case Syines, the Hell-ki)i>vvn secularist lecturer, was proceeded against for being the keeper of the hall where the entertainments of which Roliertaon was the manager took |il:ici-. The penalty sought to be recovered in each instance was £100. As to the facts of the two cases, both sides were practically agreed, and what the Supreme Com i was really called upon to decide was whether the Act under which both informations were laid is in force in Victoria. This simple question of law was ably argued by counsel, and in deliver ing judgment upon it Mr. Justice Williams entered into an elaborate exposition of all the points on which a difference of opiniou existed. It was rather a peculiar circumstance that a judge who is noted for his advocacy of pure Theism as opposed to the doctrinal tenets of Christianity should have been called upon to pronounce a verdict which involved to some extent the ques tion what attitude is assumed by die law in respect of the enforcement of certain Christian customs. Not, however, as a theologian, but as a lawyer, it was his duty to consider this point, and his entire impartiality in discussing it cannot for one moment be denied. The upshot was that judgment was entered in favor of the plaintiffs, thus affirming that the Act ou which they relied is in operation in the colony; but no costs were awarded, and, indeed, Mr. Justice Williams was so far in doubt as to Hie cor tectneaa of his decision that he de liberateJy expressed the hope that, it ' might be made the subject of an appeal to tlie Full Court, in order that the general applicability of the so- called Sun day Acts might be settled by a considered judgment of the Supreme Court in Banco, "once for aIL" Judge Williams's inter pretation of the law cannot, on this account, be considered absolutely final. Mr. Symes, who argued his own case, did not lay much stress upon the legal aspects which it presented. He con cerned himself principally with the con sideration whether the enforcement of the Act is politic or advisable. But this, in the opinion of the court, was a matter for the Legislature to discuss; the law must be admininstered as the judges find it. Accordingly it was but natural that Mr. Justice Williams should have declined to utterany opinions on the three questions, important to the public though ; not bo to the court—as to the policy of { continuing the Act in force ; of the fact ' that it had been allowed to fall into j disuse ; and of the danger of its pro visions being unequally administered. The ground was swept clear for the pur pose of answering the simple issue— "Can the policy and provisions of the Act be reasonably applied to the con dition and circumstances of this colony ?" As to what the policy of the Act might i be, the opinions of counsel for the plaintiffs were, strangely enough, very different. One side urged the view that the statute was passed with the object of preserving Sunday as a civil institution— in other words, it was contended that the maintenance of Sunday as a day of rest was held by the Imperial Parliament to be desirable simply as a matter of State policy. On the other hand, the argument was advanced that the aim of the Act was to compel the religious observance of the Sunday. This, it is said, is part and parcel of Christianity, and Christianity is part and parcel of the common law of England. From the point of view thus indicated the Act was regarded merely as a measure of support given by the Imperial Legislature to the State Church in enforcing the religious observance of the Lord's Day. But Mr. Justice Williams altogether declined to accept the latter view. First, quite apart from the question whether Christianity is part of the English law, Victoria possesses no State church. The constitution of that colony provides for entire religious equality. "If therefore the policy of the Act in question is to compel, in co-opera tion with die State church, the religious observance of the Sunday, as we have no State church here, it is totally inapplicable to the condition and circumstances of the colon;." Then it was further pointed out that there is an assumption of false piviiiiws in the statement that "Chris tianity is part of the common law of England." Tiiat is a view which was at one time not "destitute of legal authority, '"but invent decisions haveshown its fallacy, and in a very late case Lord Chief Justice Coleridge expressly denied tlie ?ld doctrine in the sense in which it was f<>! inert}' iaid down. There was more force in the first contention that the Act was designer! to preserve Sunday as a day of rest, diat institution being one of general benefit to the State, and it was upon this ground that the court eventually decided to recognise the applicability of the Act to Victoria. We have already called attention to the fact that the two cases were considered by Mr. Justice Williams in their purely legal bearings. Outsiders, however, will not be inclined to look at the questions involved from so limited a point of view. They will want to know in the first in stance why matters of this kind should be settled by reference to Acts so old that scarcely anybody but lawyers have heard of them, and originally passed in a time when social conditions and religious dis tinctions were altogether different from wliat they are at present. Nor will the public, like Mr. Justice Williams, leave out ?>f consideration the advisableness or otherwise, in these days of progress and religious liberty, of enforcing laws compelling the observance of the Sunday in any particular manner. Much as the institution of anything like a Continental Sunday might be regretted we fancy that little need be feami in that direction from affording to the i>eoi>le as large a measure of liberty as |M>ssiLle with regard to the way in which their day of rest is to be spent. The tendency of modem legislation has been to remove all such disabilities as these sought to be enforced against Messrs. Robertson and Syme. We say notliiiig whatever as to the movement with which those gentlemen are specially ass< .dated. Secularism appears to us to be so cheerless a creed that we are not surprised that the lectures of its exponents have to be sandwiched with "other amuse ments"' in order to attract the public. But liberty of conscience and of action within at least reasonable limits are privileges too precious to be lightly tailored with. So long as people do not occasion a public nuisance or offend agiiiiist the rights of others it is not for j the State to say in what way the Sunday is to be observed by them. All attempts to stamp out lectures against religion by j resort to the terrors of the Jaw only tend to make such deliverances more notorious and popular. To Messrs. Robertson and | Syines the recent prosecutions have been | an excellent advertisement. Men so treated draw capital from the " martyr dom" to which they have been subjected, and neither the interests of religion nor society are served by the ill-advised endeavor to fine diem for their very doubtful breaches of some old and half forgotten law. Ovek thirty yean ago an Act was passed " to organise and establish a militia force in South Australia," and as this Act, with a few slight amendments made in 1857, is still in force, circumstances may require that it should be put into operation. Section 6 runs :—" Every male inhabi tant of the pi wince between the ages of eighteen and forty-sis, fit and able to bear aims and not exempted by any of the provisions of this Act, shall be and he is hereby declared to be, liable to serve in the militia to be raised under this Act, either personally or by sub stitute, when called upon by virtue of any of the provisions of this Ac\" Power is given to establish militia districts, and to the police to issue uotices to all householders that they must return a list giving ** the Christian and surname, age aiid occupation of each and every man" be tween the above ages, under a penalty not exceeding £'o. Meetings were ordered to be held in every militia district on the first Tuesday ui the month of March in every year; but although this has nut been done the Act is not such a dead letter that it cannot be revived. By section 19 it is provided "that the whole number at any time to be raised . . . shall not tutdec any circumstances exceed one-third ! : ——. , j of the number of Ken fit jmd liable to v serve in such districts respectively," and the length of service i? fixed at time years. Toe selection of the men lias to fa decided by ballot, *' provided always fiuu/ if anyperaonsochosenshaUprodiiceterius substitute a man ... able andfitfbr service the substitute may be accepted." Penalties are plentiful and tints so frequent that in these dull times few , could afford the luxury of snapping their fingers at the provisions of the Act. Nor if they were selected by ballot and bound to serve, is the disobeying of orders > light matter, for a court-martial would quicklysettle the fate of those who refused. In die event of war being declared be tween England and Russia immediate steps would have to be taken to afford better protection for the lives and property of our colonists. The Government would probably summon the Parliament, and obtain sanction for an increased expendi ture while the militia were being en rolled. In the meantime whatever is going to be done "'twere well if 'twere done quickly," and if the Ministry intend to call out the ?"iliHaorfrt/vtirnnpr|^> thatorganisation of defence which requires tune to complete, the sooner &ey; set to work the better. Is it not within the region of possibility that Russia might put its declaration of war with Jgnglanfl in the form of an attack upon these colonies ? A meeting of the Cabinet was held on Satur day monuag, all the Ministers except the Commissioner of Public Worta being preocnt. The question of die defences of the colony was under consideration for nearly two hours. la the 6rst place it may be mentioned that no in formation had op to that time been received by the Chief Secretary from the Premiers of the other colonies as to the movements of any sup posed hostile cruisers. Mr. Cotton when in Sydney arranged with Mr. DaHey that any thing be might learn with reference to Russian vessels should be immediately communicated to South Australia. Mr. Service as a matter of course would do so, and iti?now understood that all the colonies will exchange information on the subject. Among the defensive steps agreed to on Saturday it was decided to have Lugs Fort and Fort GlanFffle manned *y the Permanent Artillery to the number of fifty men, and Captain Gordon will attend at the Staff Office this afternoon for the purpose of yxawiining candidates for that branch of the force. Ao 'enrolment wit! take place in the evening. A boom is to be placed acrofs the Pott River near the Quarantine Station, and it will be armed with torpedoes and mines, and a Gatling gun will also ba placed there. During the day the stream will be open in the centre for shipping traffic, but at night die boom will be thrown right across, and the port will be closed. All the neces sary arrangements have been made for estab lishing a system of signals at Capes Borda, Jervis, and Willoughby, and should war be declared these signals will be fixed and brought into operation at the shortest possible notice. Arrangements have also been made for the employment of the suggested steam patrols at the entrances to the gulf, and these are to be ready within twelve hours from the declaration of war, the Government being of opinion that it is not wise to incur expenses for precautions that may not after all be necessary. Hie numerical strength of the Protector, which is now 70, is to be immediately increased to 90, and possibly next week to 110, and Captain Walcot will at once receive applications from seamen willing to serve on our war vessel. Zt has also been arranged that some time during next week the volunteers shall be called out, and this intention has been announced in order that the public might not become unnecessarily alarmed on the occasion. Should war be declared the electric light is. to be shown at the top of the Post-Office tower at night. The Government declare that they are. fully alive to the gravity of the position, and nothing will be left undone necessary to secure the protection of the coast from the Port to Manno. Owing to the announcement that a white light would be shown on the Post- Office tower during Saturday and Sunday nights if war was declared, ana the possibility of the services of our defenders being im mediately required, the artjjleiy had horses harnessed and everything in readiness to be called out at a moment's notice, and no doubt similar alertness will be continued. The Mastdlia, before she left Gienelg on Friday landed a pair of very fine and hand some deer from Bombay for the Zoological Gardens. They appear to have suffered little from die inconveniences of the voyage in a 'confined cage, and look as if they had beeawell cared for. The male is a noble ?iimJ with a fine broad front, slender muzzle, and large liquid eyes. His ears are peculiarly marked with dark fawn-colored bars on the white inner surface. The doe is a graceful creature, and both Miimula are about die height of an average pony. The Masailia left at 10 p.m. At a quarter past 9 o'clock on Saturday morn ing die Pekin came in from Melbourne in beautifnl weather, landed a number of passengers, and sailed again at 5 p.m. She bad a fine passage from Victoria. Our cablegrams this morning record tha death of die Bight Hon. George Swan Nottage, Lord Mayor of London. The deceased gentle man, who only took office in November last, was descended from die Nottages of Nottage, in Olamorgaushire, and was allied bymarriage with die ancient Cheshire family of Leftwiches. His only children are a daughter and a son, a Cam bridge honor man, who has been called to die bar. The late Lord Mayor was for many years engagrd in die great iron business of hi* uncle. Mr. R. W. Kennard, who represented Newori its die House of Commons, and he was die founder of die London Stereoscopic and _ Photographic Com pany which, with its agencies in different parts of die world, has developed into the largest concern of the kind, and which is familiar to the public as having given a great un{>etus to the study of amateur photo graphy by the establishment of classes tor gratuitous instruction in this new and fashionable art. In politics die late Lord Mayor was a Liberal, and it was under stood that he intended to contest Brighton in the Liberal interest at the nest elections. He did much to improve and adorn that town, where he had large interests, die beautiful building kuuwn as the Orleans Club being, among other structures, his property. He was one of those who from modest beginning* built up a fortune by a rare combination of business taleut, energy, and honorable in dustry. H.M.S. diamond passed Cape Willoughby at 3.30 p.ir. on April 12 bound inwards. A tinall fire took place in a bedroom in the Rose Ins, Stint-street, at lire ruinates to 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon. It appears that the sister-in-law of die landlord was in the bed room lighting a small lamp, and i? throwing the match away set die mosquito curtain around the bed alight. A baby was in die bed, but was got out without injury. Considerable dt mage was done to the bedding and a little clothinp, the value uf the articles destroyed being 18 or £10. The cricket matches at die City Oral on Saturday afternoon did not prove very interest ing. The North Adelaides met the Hindmarch ?n the north end of toe ground, and after dis posing of them for 53 runs made 51 without die lots of a wicket. At die other end of the oval the Kensingtons treated the South Ade laides to an afternoon's leather hunting, and fcucceeded in making IG7 runs at a cost of eight wickets. It has been considered advisable by a number pf people at Port Adelaide who are interested in military matters to form a volunteer cavalry corps in die town. In die event of open hostilities occurring one of die principal adjuncts to the defence force of this colony would be a dispatch corps, especially in die case of telegraph communication being inter rupted, and it is thought that a number of volunteer cavalry could act as such. Several old soldiers are willing to join, and already tiiirteen have sent in their names. The matter has been taken up in real earnest Mr. T. Henning, who is an old Life Guardsman, is initialing the movement It has been decided to hold a meeting to discuss die subject. On Saturday afternoon die Adelaide Rifles had an unpremeditated sham fight without ammunition between die Grange and Gienelg. The first battalion, under Major Plummer and Major Beach, represented die enemy, and were posted near die Bay-road. The second battalion, under Major Harrold and Major Stuart, sustained their attack near Loddeys. Some sharp skundshing took place between the two battalions. Subsequently die kindly feelings of Major-General Downes were con veyed to die men by Major Stuart A portion of B Battery, under Major Fiveash, had gun drill at Fort GlanvUle, whilst the other half of die battery were at Large Fort, where they also had gun-drill under Lieutenant Dyke. Major Jervois and Colonel Mathew? were present The cavalry went through sword exercise in the afternoon, and A Battery, under Captain Schomburgk, was engaged in re arranging detachments, and overhauling gua-> and stores. A meeting of die Gardeners' Society was held in the offices of die Royal Agricultural and Horticultural SocietyonSaturdayev-ening, when about twelve members were present. Mr. £. Smhh presided. The only business transacted was die acceptance of die resigna tion of Mr. Howard as a member of die socUty. - Mr. Sullivan promised to prepare a short p?i?er on manures and die best methods of prepanog and applying them. Mr. J. Beggs exhibited a epetimfn i*f fin* ? nflfinia, an ornamental, tobacco plant of no commercial value, wtitibt. long and white etar-daped flowers widen opea at night only. Mr.-Smith showed some seeds and leaves, of Pisonia grandis, a . natural Bpajow-catcher. The seeds are like an elongated barleycorn, and are covered with a wry fcticky gam, and adhere to the legs and feathers of any bird that comes in contact with them. Mr. Smith stated his plant had caught over 100 epaxrows. The birds dropped to the ground and were unable to fly away. The tree is very ornamental and grows freely. There aA three known specimens of the tree. The employes of the Advertiser office held their annual wayzgoose at Beynella on Satur day. After the band had played a march out side the office, a'start was made for Reynella, which was readied a little before 1 o'clock. Here the members of the party partook of an excellent dinner provided by Host HQlier. Mr. Angel, theoyerseerof thecomposing-room, occupied the chair, and Mr. Clarkson the vice chair. The health of " The Proprietors " was drunk with musical honors, and suitably responded to by the chairman on behal of the film. The toast of "The Overseers" was similarly honored. "The Companionship" was proposed by die chairman, Mr. Fowler responding. Several other toasts were pro posed, indudmgthe "Xrfrertfser?and," "Host and Hostess," and " Success to the New South Wales Contingent." The remaining part of the afternoon was spent in footracing, danc ing, and other sports. The band played several selections of lively music After tea a. start was made far tom>, which was reached about half-past 9 o'clock, thus bringing to a termination one cf the most pleasant outings ever held in connection with the office. A remarkable case was heard in Dublin on February 2L Mr. Waldron, a solicitor's clerk, sued his next door neighbor, who is a in%te iu the merchant service, named Kiernan, to re cover £900 damages for injuries done to his house by, as be alleged, the defendant and his family. Kieman denied the charges, and asserted that Waldron's house was naunted, and that the acts complained of were done by spirits or some person in plain tiff's place. Evidence for the plaintiff was to the effect that everv night from August, 1884, to January, I£S5, his hall door was continually being knocked at and his windows broken by stones which came from the direction of the defendant's yard. Mrs. Waldron swore that one night she sa.ve one of the panes of glass in the window cut through with a diamond; a white hand was inserted through the hole so made in the glass. She caught up a billhook and aimed a Wow at the hand, cutting one of the fingers completely off. The hand was then withdrawn; but, on examining the place, she could find neither the finger nor any traces of Mood. On another occasion the servant, hear ing mysterious knockings, fell down with fright, upsetting a pail of water over herself. Mir. Waldron armed himself with a rifle and revolver, and brought a detective into the house, while several policemen watched out side. They, however, could find nothing. Kiernan's family, on being taxed with fjaisrng the noises, denied such was the case, and suggested it was the work of ghosts, and advised the Wal drons to send for a Roman Catholic clergy man to rid the bouse of its uncanny occupants. A police-constable swore that one evening he saw Waldron's servant kick the door with her lM?rfs about the time the rapping usuallv com menced. Chief Justice Morris said the affair suggested the performance of the Davenport Brothers or Maskelyne and Cooke. It was quite inexplicable from the absence of motive, and remained shrouded in mysterious uncer tainty. The jury found for the defendant. . The following dispatch has been received from the Secretary of State for the colonies (Lord Derby) by His Excellency the Governor with reference to the offer of troops for service in the Soudan made by South Australia:— "Downing-street, February 24, I had the boner to address you by telegraph on the 20th instant, in reply to the offer of the Govern ment of South Australia to supply troops for service in the Soudan, and I nave now much pleasure in requesting that yon will communi cate to your Ministers this fuller expression of the satisfaction and gratitude with which the Queen received the announcement of the gene rous and patriotic desire of die colony under your Government to furnish a contingent to her army. It would have afforded Her Majesty's Government much gratification if they had been in ? position to avail themselves atonceof the generous proposals of Victoria, South Australia, and Queensland; but in these cases, as is tfcai of Canada, the probability that the military operations now in progress may be suspended during the hotter months of the summer has precluded the iimradiah* employ meat of any force not actually prepared and equipped, like that tendered by Sew South Wales. They will, however, consider carefully and without delay what arrangements may best be made tor employing an Australian force at a later period of the year, and I am clad to undeist&nd; that the question of ?"?'tiw ff ute colonial comingente into one Australian brigade is being considered. This is by no means the first occasion on which the Aus tralian colonies have assisted this country by very liberal contributions, bat the desire and the power to' offer effective military help in a campaign at a great distance from their shores, of which they have now given such satisfactory proofs, marks s. distinct and important ad vance in 4ikeir political growth. You are already atrare tiiat this fresh evidence of the increasing sympathy and affection of the Aus tralian colonies for the mother country has been received throughout Great Britain with deep emotion and gratification, and it may be confidently hoped that the union whic& is based upon such sentiments of mutual regard must be close and enduring." A match was made between Mr. S. Teagle and Mr. J. Hayson to fly two birds each from Stxathalbyn to Adelaide on Saturday after noon. Mr. Teagle won the match, his first bbd (PriscOla), doing the distance in the good time of 46 min. 30 eec, and his second bird (Cnicom) in 53 min. Mr. Hayson "s first bird (Rugby) flew tile distance in 62 min., and his second (Socket), in 70 min. A meeting: of the Union Beet Gold Hiding Company win be beMat Eagle Chambers this afternoon. A sen-ice of eons, entitled " Little Abe," nil] !>e given at the Goodwood Baptist Church this evening. Tea and public meetings in connection with the Glen Osmond Bible Christian Church will he held this evening. A lectere en " Tennyson" win be delivered by Pro fessor Boinger at the Stow Church lecture-hill this evening; The annual boaneaE meetingr of tiie Oledouiaa Choral Society ?in be held at the Caledonian Hall this evening. Tea and public meetings ia connection with the Archer-street Wesleyan Sunday-school will take place this evening. A meeting wHI be held at Wood&ide; tins evening fortbe purpose of hearing the views of candidates for thesontfcerodistictof the Legislative Council. The numthlv meeting of the Port branch of the Caledonian Society will be held at the Oddfellows' Han, Port Adelaide, th*s evening. Mr. A. H*. Dobbie wOl.lecture on " Mesmerism and Clairvoyance." A requisition, asking the Hon. John Crazier. M. !..C., to become a candidate (or the Legislative Council at the forthcoming ejections, will be presented to that genHensan at Che Exchange Arbitration-room this afternoon- ___________ < __^ 