There's a proverbthat says yonmustlaugh-to grow fat; So its meaning to follow endeavour : If you lean on..oinr::columns it'smeet you should know - : Thatyou're sure to:grow fatter than over. Up, north:.the,? playful alligator makes things. a little tlively when the: residents ofl that extremely hot portion of the Australianu continent ,go . in:.for' aquatic gymnastics Some Bowen boys had a swimming-hole up -Ch rlva,.r.t thtey wereoftan?Irivennout:of the water by. a very ungentlemanly alligator who came to sample them...At last they hit on, alittle racket to get even with him. They constructed, a buoy, the exact size andshape of an every.day.sort.of boy, filled it pretty full of.nitro-glycerine, and pushed it outdn the river-with a long pole.' .Mr. Alligator came down.on his.daily sampling expedition, with his mouth wide open, like an overgrown rat-trap, .and, without asking.any question, he-shut down.on him like a bulldog on a shin of beef. .He didn't want to take a sample, but he took the whole consignment at market price." Something happened all.of.a sudden, and- he went-:off just at ,the same time the. nitro- glycerine, did, and he was fired tiail first about three. mile up.the river before he had time.to settle. up- for the:.consignment. Moral-Boys will be:boys. . I tried:a conundrum, the, other evening, "at,.my ,landlady's expense,.. Itdidn't come outright? somehow.,. The fellows.-where I hang. untare awflly,dll..: Mly.landlady was pouring.,out=some ten awhen remarked,'in. my usual humorous style, "Why is that tea likemy.bac.k ' , Nobody spoke ; so I meekly fCOME 'TO bDIN iER." explained:.thusly, " because it is rather d weak.". Nobodylaughed ;:but:theilandlady' 1 said, "Weak, teal .eh ?.:wealk backI ehlii Well, 'you've, no-cause -to- growl You're a 1 week:back withbyor -board". They laughed I then, but I didn't think it was funny. 'ý t : young physician has. Lately located him self in! fashionable neighbourhood. :Up to I date helns had but very little practice, but. he puts on a lot. of side, and bustles about like a bluebottle fly in a sugarshop.;. One of "1 the older :physicians met him the other day, I and, after:kindly asking about his health, in quired how he was getting on in his practice. i "?'ve'got -more than I know how to do;" said the.boastful one; "nearly knocked up for wantof rest. I had to get out of my bed five times last night;; couldn't get a wink." "Why don't you buy some insecticide!".re- 1 marked the old doctor, as he passed on to do his usual rounds. One of bthe lcadulinr nmhers of a large financial institution in Melbourne at one timebelonged to the pawnbroking persuasion, and in the early days of the diggings he once made a journey to Forest Creek, now known as Chewton. On the road he, with a lot of others, was stuck-up by two armed bush rangers.- "Bail up and shell out your pewter," said the chief ruffian, presentinghis revolver right in the little pawnbroker's face. s " So help my shiminy gracious ! I've only got two hundred quid." said uncle three 2 balls. "Hand 'em over." said the bushranger, laconically. Uncle handed them over, keep. , ing back six sovereigns. "What are you s keeping =hack that six quid'for ?" mildly in t quired the man, patting the muzzle of his pistol, against uncle's forehead. " Holy D Moses I!' ejaculated mine uncle in a passion, g "don't ryou let a man take out three per s cent. when hd advances -money without securityl" * I don't. know whether this paragraph:will be allowed insertion, but I write it in hopes it willescape the watchfulmanager's eye. The other, day I,called at this office, and saw the editior seated at the desk. He is an old man, who .has weathered many a rough colonial storm, and how he manages to keep out of the Kew Assylum after enduring the sneers and jibes of'the 'aristocratic staff who keep 'iai the. brilliancy of .this paper by their - salient scintillations of wit 'and command of 'arcasfi, is more than I can understand.' Even-zthe manager treats, him .with con tumely,, but ,he plods 'ohin.his inill-horsbe style, and do?'ti appehr..t ttke any;notice. WTliilstI ivas talking to" him on,the day I speak of, the. proprietor, a maii ..without'thE slightest refinement ...or .care for. a ,fellow creature's feeling, suddenly'entered the ofice' and said,." Splodge, I shal.have.to.zeduce your salary' till the cold weather.sets in.' "Why 1' askjd the.poor victim, his face bursting out in a violent perspiration, and' his heart sinking, to.zero.. 'iBecause Ifind. that a large portion of your. time, hlich should.be devoted to my..service. in hashing up funny things fot'this,'original per, is devoted to kndekiiig'flies oOff`thetop'of that bald. head bf fours." The poor.. old man hized vacantly at hiin for a monient, crushed a large. bluebottle that was havingra 'free lunch hi the shade of some 'grey'liais on his occipuit, and burst into tears. 'T~ii'dlole in cident was so exceedingly painful' that I had to leave the office and get a iefrelier: Said the judge-" You stanhd convicted: ] Of stealing.this man's watch: . You didn't mean to do it ? How ?" "IHis Curse Imneant to snatch." Two German military officers recently'met •in,a duel, and-one shot the other.: The cause of the trouble was that one of .these brave defenlders of Vaterland had put on the other brave. defender's hat.-- There was w once n" German professor whose chief boast was tharit he had not washed his head for seven years, and always wiped his pen in his hair. IHende: there may have been good?anion for this duel. The Herald tells us that-4 when theboot makers' strike took place, one of those who went out was a bootmaker. ( There would:be: nothing very extmordinaryrabout this, only this particular bootmaker -oent in againos ' to a public-house-and later. on died of delirium tremens. toral.-Pitt not your trust in strikes, nor your credit in public- houses: b They are both bad. . u Mr. Call P.Mf., Intely, w n rferrn o' indecorous conduct on Sunday at the Mel bourne General Cemetery, siid this state of P affairs must be shocking to people who came in a state of grief with funerals. He believed that the goings onl inride the cemetery, too, were not altogether proper. ,Mr. Call.should contine himself to judicial m:itters on this .r side of the grave. Even if the ghosts of n earlier departed mortals should turn out to h welcome the newly arnrved, and even should o they attempt to drag in the undertaker, pall bearers, or chieftmourners into the bargain, ·. what is that to Mr. Call It is rumored itat the Salvation Army in tends to adopt the followiug poetical motto: Sound tl. loud timbrel, Bang the big drums, Hang out your banners, In puelieus and slums. The Hon. Jam Munro, on his arrival in ( England, will t ve an important ?political: mission to carry ut. He has beeiideputed Sy the. teetotall rs of Victoria .t protct to Mr. G(lalstone instthe sale, importatio?i : or manufacture of spirituous liquors in New Guinea.. Everyone of note who, in these days, goes home from Victoria is entrusted with a mission of some sort. Hence surprise need not be expressed at our Jimmy being entrusted with a small one on his own ac' count. The interview.with Mr. Gladstone will be somewhat as follows':- . "My name's Munro.", . Oh, yes, I've heard'of:you. You are the well-known. Melbourne ; manufacturer of pokers, and tongs, and shovels, and ploughs, and harrows, and other. agricultural 'imple mente?", "No, onu mistake me.' I am the tHon.. ,James Munro, .head of' the VictorianTotal Abstainers." " Oh, .yes, you are the. gentleman'whom the Melbourne comic papers are :alwaysjok - ing about.the size of lis feet. .But they are not so large, after all Are they 1"',. ' Sir, I feel insulted 'at, being confounded with Major Smith. Iam-- .. ' , ,l:"Yes, that's it.. Surely you can't, be the funny- looking little man who is always re - presented with a longbeard and ann?, m brella !' "I saymy name's Munro Il":',.--': .,' "Oh, all right; we'll" take that as under stood.. What do you wantl' . ' "I.come to you as, the representative of "the total abstainers. of Victoria, to inform' you that on no account mustspirituousdiquor be sold, imported to, or manufactuoedindw. Gdiinea. Y ";Yes, butyou must sce. Scratchley about that-".,. "And that if our mandate be,' disobeyed, theo total: abstainers i of Victoria will rise against -the British Crown;, and. Melbourne will, then.sever her; connectionwith:Great Britain." S,' ill you? I t"Yes, I once killed a man?: "So did I, you know--Gordon. Well, what is your ns«er?" . "'We. won't" '". '' . " " "'rWell; I'm darnuod! `.(Eit.) ' 