SPORTING NEWS. SPORTING NOTES. BY FLANEUR. It is about as easy to find sporting pars now as it is to find holy water in an Orange lodge; but I hope my readers will not lodge a complaint, as my columns, after to-morrow, will be, like angels’ visits, few and far between until the curtain is rung up on the spring campaigns. One of our most rollicking and jovial publi cans has just been and tied himsolt up for the fourth time, this time to the sister of a well known bookmaker. : - One thousand to one can bo had about almost any kind of double goods, Caulfield and Mel bourne Cups. The attention of sporting men is principally directed just now to the Bing Billiard tourna ment which is to bo held shortly. A great amount of betting has already taken place, and as the affair progresses speculation will be very lively. One of the most popular of our local motal- Hcians was a big winner over tho Sydney Grand National. . There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in racing men’s philosophy. This is one of them. A lady who bets freely gave a penoiller a pony to put on Mascotte for the Flying Stakes. When he returned on Tues day he interviewed tho lady, and informed her that he had been told the mare was off, and consequently he did not invest the £25. The sporting damsel, who on the strength of hor supposed £250 win, had visited Robertson and Moffat’s several times, now feels just a little Off Color, and vows that unless she can get some thing bettor to marry than one of the male sox, she will continue a life spinsterhoad, Bonnie Dundee, a 4-yoar-old horse by St. Albans from Bella, was offered by auction ou Wednesday afternoon, and passed in at 780 guineas. If Flaneur had been his owner, tho bidder who named the 780 would have been his owner as soon as he' had spoken. Among other horses sold wore—Ghost, 200 guineas; Peacock, 35; Ulrorston, 270; Lucky Hit, 400; Grace Darling, 400; Royal Maid, 370. Mooneo Valley races will beheld to-day should it rain bail or snow with 10-million horse power. Tho public had a bad day at Randwiok on Saturday, but had Claronoo or tho Indian Quoon got homo first conditions would have boon re versed. Last accounts from homo gavo Archer and Wood 60 mounts each. Archer had scored 20 wins, and Wood 15. One of the individuals who was pasted some time ago has just about paid off his liabilities. When bo has completely done so I shsll bo glad to give him a line. Southall, the Indian trainer; who gavo the books a bad turn at Sydney Gold Cup time, has sent down tho total amount of bis indetedness, and his creditors aro now rejoicing. A subscription list has been opened for the relief of W. Harden, and has so far been very liberally responded to. It is said that tho favorite double for the Grand Nationals will hail this year from Caul field. A big backer, who owns a couple of good ’uns, went up at Randwiok on Saturday and had to part with his nags on Monday. Tho Now Zealand horse, Manchester, has had his name changed to Winohoitor. IFi'nehoster is tho more appropriate I should say. Sydney Tattersalls paid away in stakes yester day the sum of £ll3B. Thunderbolt has boeo bought by tho Hon. W. Robinson for 1800 guineas. This is a tall price for a small horse. Mr John M’Phail, one of our well known and well respected local turfites, bought the steeple chaser Fingal for £2OO. It is reported that tho partnership hitherto existing between three big books is just about to terminate, and that (each will play a lone band for the future. Tho Cootamundra test case will bo heard in Sydney in a wook or two, and many of the in jured are sanguiuo that it will be decided in their favor. It is an ill wind that blows nobody good; the mistake that cost the Claronoo crowd about £6OOO put about £5OOO into the pockets of the Progress party. On this occasion the writer reports progress and adjourns. 