GEOLOGY AT KOOINGAL. ONE hundred and ten miles south, and a little west of Rockhampton, past the Prairie plains, among the isolated mounds far away beyond the back of the Dee mountaius is ray present location. Having by public liberality for a special purpose, enjoyed a long scienti- fic holiday, and thus been enabled to place a few stones on the cairn of local geology, with satisfactory, if not sufficient resulte-to I» independent, to make the pursuit self supporting, to extend research, and gain acquaintance with new districts, a building contract was entered into, and ie now in pro- gress for the Messrs. Archer, junr., of Thorn- dale, It has been demonstrated again and again that the study of geology is not incom Eatible with a life of labour. Nor need there e any hesitating dread of exile to a barren spot, for there is this to say of the Queensland bush, that nature's prolific fecundity is per- fectly marvellous over the whole area. If there is not one thing, there is some other ever charming, interesting, and new. Botany, zoology, entomology, ornithology, and of course geology ol ways unfold the lessons of their voluminous pages to all who will only look on and allow no time for idle-set or weariness. It is tile time of the opening of the spiculated flocculent scarlet blossoms, shining among the deep'green steel-blue foliage that feed on the essences of the rooks, among the humid soil on the banks of the bosky creeks. It ÍB also thetimeof thebuilding of nests, and therefore of the singing of birds, producing nature's ravishing chorus. There is also abundance of wholesome food, consisting of the four great ingredients of the chemistry of common life fat, fibrine, starch, and sugar, while the theme of the tea acts as the incomparable [ antidote of undue* tissue waste-it is Aus- tralia's tropic bounty. Moreover, th« local option, or rather no-option clause, is in full force; the nearest rum shop is thirty miles off. This makes a happy camp. There 1B no clamouring for J.P.s criminal judges, or police ; there are cheques to be earned, as the weft and the woof of the wire »eba are woven round the woodlands, or the wells sunk, the dams banked, and the homesteads erected. Give a man hie health, and I have no further pity for him. The more work the better. On the journey up, fainly, fondly would we have lingered at Stanwell, our own Stanwell, the future classic Cromarty of Rockhampton geology. Mr. Lamoud's collection grows apace, his verandah and tables are loaded with fossils from the creek at the back of his garden. You gather the Bhells there, not glistening white as on the tidal sands at Beachton and Emu Park. There is nothing to be seen but blueish brick-size nodules, lying promiscuous on the wide flat bottom of the creek bed, but geology shows you these pebbles were ouce mud of an old ocean bottom, and a few dexterous hammer taps along the line of cleavage, and shells of varied old world form in plentiful profusion are found locked up in the heart of these stones, shells double and single, curled and coiled, screwed and scrolled, lobed and Ummillated, corrugated like the tooth comb, or curved around with many folds of semicircular symmetry, every geometric line and sweep of tracery more perfect than tile etchings and chasings of the graver's tool, and they are to be commended as patterns to our goldsmiths for future ornaments. They are in splendid pre- servation. That simple ooie has been aa admirable conservatory matrix, and kept them safe through all the revolutions of the ¡ world's surface for millions of milUoiums. | I certainly feel pleased at being the means of introducing him to his so very fertile fossil field. But there is yet a higher guerdon for those who yet shall trace these torrent-tossed and water-worn fragments np to their source. The journey up was one ovation. Proffers of assistance and guidance to likely spots were freely offered by diggers, lengthsmen, bushmen, fumers, shepherd kings, with samples from the stores they have been gathering, since their atten- tion has been called to the elevating work ; but this was not to me as personal, it was a tribute to our noble science. There ie no apathy, indifference, or want of interest among the neighbours now, at these ghosts come from 1 their graves in questionable scientific shape, unfolding tales of wonder from the far ever- lasting, and in the very fact they once had life, so very long ago, they make a mute but eloquent appeal to our higher natures, awakening thought« of our concerns and destinies. After passing Wycarbah, the locality and i great deposit of the fan-like clatters, and I winged branching big fronds, the fossils for a time, as far as is yet known, disappear ; and ; . there is little wonder, when you contemplate ! the remains of the terrible tidal devastating lava deluges that have been spread over this part of the country. The Crimean war has j furnished a good deal of the nomenclature of Rockhampton and its district, in street and lane, port and wharf, and at Westwood two ! mountains, Malakoff and Seltastopol, frown like fortresses over against each other ; but the most interesting are the cones, uear Mr. Hobler's. These are the vents of old j volcanoes. The harder residuum that rilled the pipes as the fires died out. These craters were wide below and narrow at the mouth on the principle of the choke-bore and chambered artillery, which no doubt added force to the detonating explosions. It might have been from these the clouds of ashes came that smothered the fossil vegetation of Sandy Creek. These ashes are not what wc under- stand as the residue of burnt organic matter, bat ure thc atoms of the rocks torn apart by sheer force, as if a forest were turned into sawdust in a moment, and driven in' clouds before the cyclone. They fell in fine stratified layers having the appearance of an aqueous deposit. Mr. Jack tells me from the sample scut, that Stanwell building stone quarry is built on a foundation of volcanic ashes. A fine view of the Berserker hills is obtaiucd from these Westwood cones at a distance of forty miles, and a peep at them is a great relief to tho eye, after the monotony of the gum-tree wilderucss along the road. They have a whitish appearance nt a distance, due to an encrusting lichen, indented like the oak leaf, and palmatcd like thc stag-horn. At their base in the creek the granite appears, and where the basalt joins it, like steel welded on the face of au iron chisel, we yet find lenticular columnar crystals lying side by side in long rod-like lumps like the strands of a telegraph cable, miniature StaSas, and Giant's Causeways. At Stewart's Creek there is a fine display of columnar basalt, and at Mt. Scoria near Kooingal; Immediately on crossing the Dee, you enter on those great, wide, almost level, prairie, black-soil plaina, and the evident purpose '¿nd utility.of «ie 'great.old ljasaltic outbursts are very apparent.. Had! there been nothing but tin) granite, Central Queensland would have been a Sahara of sand, but that judicious mixture .ia microscopic crystals of felspar, magnesia, potad*, ailinn, sUicia, in», and other ingredients, mutes it the Laud ot the Golden Fleece and tb«bovine bank when tfave is moisture. I have been1 lucky to come herc, The district is rich in fossils, but I must defer what can bc said of them until further exploration. JASMW SMITH. November 1, 1883. 