CihostStories. \- The letters of Sir David Brewster upon: [Natural Magic,> which were de signed as a supplement to Sir- Walter ' Scott's Essay of : Bemouology and Witchcraft, form an admirable treatise of ±bis character. which shouldbe put into the liaiids of every child, as" an antidote to the spurious philosbphy of" the day. In it are to be found ex plained some of the most, asonishing phenomena of nature, as well as many of the surprising contrivances of art, ancient and modern. Bor example, he shows us how, upon purely natural principles, we: may account for many marvellous deceptions of the sight. He points out why it is, that the in voluntary expansion of the eye in a very obscure-light is unfavorable to; ah accurate perception of the form, size, and distance of objects—why the brighter parts of an object are often visible, whilst the other portions are unseen—why parts of one object: thus seem to be combined, not un fre<piehtly, with those of another— why objects sometimes appear to us in positions, and at distances, that are really impossible—and why, the focus of vision being in such cases ill adapted to the perception of near objects, they disappear entirely at the very time when we expect to see them most distinctly. These suggestions go very far- to Explain tlie apparitions, so generally" seen at twilight, or after dark—of grotesque and misshapen figures—in situations where, by the laws-of nature,"" they could not be found—and almost invariably clothed in white, which, from its ; contrast to surrounding objects, is most likely." to. attract the notice of the-beholder. There are also the gigantic spectres of the broeken—the pictures in the air of-ships, castles, and mountains, of men and horses trooping along the face of inaccessible cliffs—all of which are fainilar to us how as the effects of reflected and refracted light. Such appearances have constantly been-re garded in ignorant times asVhe results of witchcraft and magic and are; still Viewed/as alarming portents by the -great majority of those who witness them.; Yet.in the hands of the true J philosopher, they; are stripped of all" mysterious terror, and become pleasT ing manifestations of the wonderful; perfections and variety of the works of; -God. . 1 But our business is just now with things of much less pretension ; and, without further preface, we come to the promised- stories, which we leave our friend to tell in his own way; to vrhich he is the better entitled, as he professes to have derived them, for most part, from actual witnesses. Eibst Story Ai yotjtb:, about 14 years of age, was sent to pass some weeks of his summer liolidays, witli a great aunt, who lived in hue. of the old countries of the Old Dominion. The venerable lady-'; occupied--one of those great mansion house, memorials of the colonial artistocraey . of Virginia, built of imported bricks, full of staircases and passages, and with rooms enough to accommodate half a dozen.; families, and scores of individual guests, when congregated for some high festival. But .at this time it was almost deserted.. The old lady and her grand-nephew were the only white persons within its walls. She occupied a bed-room on the first floor: our hero slept in story next to the garret: and the servants were all in the basement. During the day, his time passed merrily enough. Horses, dogs, and guns—boating and fishing— filled up the hours with sports, in which he was supported by as many of the Africans, great and little, as he thought fit to enlist in hik service. But the nights hung heavily. His aunt always went to bed at. ah early hour. The few books hi her library were soon- exhausted.; aud the long evenings of' summer seemed t o his sleepless eyes to be stretched out •interminably. " Now aud then a gossip with some old negroes, who had grown. gray in; the history of the ? former occupants of tke kali: and these norratives, as might he anticipated, were plentifully sprinkled with incidents „ of the • ^ ^superstitious character^ in which such old crones delight. One night, he had lain in Jbed . a iong time, - courting in rain a; relief from ennui in- sleep. He had listened, till he was tired, to tke ticking of tke - antique clock, to tke whistling of tke wind about the clusters of -.chimneys, and the eckoes that repeated and pro - longed every sound in the interior of the house, through its vast and empty spaces." Thelatter class of noises had entirely ceased": and the profound stillness • that pervaded the mansion was'broken only hy the monotonous voice, which told him how slowly , the weary minutes were passing by. " He had ; 'thought1 ever' more' than one tradition of the' dlden "timeV as ;it: had been related to 'him;' with . its con-. Cohiitahfcs until, in spite of* his better' reason and1 his fixed dfsbelief-'&f; • isuch"- things,' he' ' foiind; 'himself gihwingV, hervdus'" and uncomfortable. - He began tp".. fancy that he saw strange things" in- the ub •certain moonlight, and was almost afraid to look at them steadily enough to undeceive himself.' Suddenly, he heard, right over his head in the garret, a dull knocking sound, which travelled back and forward, now in'this direction and now hi that, with a succfessionof "thumps. . Anon he thought'he -could' distiuguish ^something'like a stifled voice; and this impresssion was con firmed when the knocking got opposite the door. of. the garret, whence it came down the stairway and through the passage, unobstructed, to his room. A wild, unearthly cry, uttered as if by a person ehoked or muffled, and ex pressive of painful suffering, smote upon his ear. He started up in bed: and at'this instant the sound began to descend the stairs. At first, it came down two or three steps with suc 'cessive thumps—then it seemed to roll over, and over, with a confused ppice of struggling and scratching— and so on, with an alternation of these sounds until it reached the floer of the passage. Here the dull knocking was resumed as it had been first heard in the garret, rambling hither and thither, at one time ap proaching the chamber door, till the poor' boy' strained his eyes in instant expectation of witnessing the entry of some horrible shape. But it pas sed by and at last arrived at the head of the next flight of stairs, where it recommenced the decent after .the manner already described. At inter yais rose the same stifled wailing, so full of moral terror. and agoiiy, that it almost froze: the marrow in his bones. When he was assured by the sound that the traveller had arrived •at the floor below him, he mustered courage, and by a great effort jumped out of bed, huddled on his clohthes, and hurried to' the head of the stairs, armed with an: old sword that hung in his bed room, and wbicb had pro bably seen service in the Revolution or the old Ereneh : war. But he had ■ no mind to'encounter his mysierous enemy at close quarters, and contented himself with following its progress at a safe distance, and peeping over the baulisters in the hope of catching sight of it. In this, however, he succeeded only so far as to get one glimpse, as it passed a window, of some with an enormous and shapeless head; and the slow chase was kept up, till he found himself at the head of the steps leading down to the basement, while his ghostly disturber was at the foot, thumping and scratching at the kitchen ' dobr, and uttering the same indescrib able cries as at first. Two or three of the servants had been aroused by the din, and were crouched together in the furthest corner, trembling with fear, and in momentary expectation of suffering death, or something still more'dreadful. At last the latch of the door gave way, to the repeated assaults of the unwelcome visitor, and he rolled into the middle of the floor, in the full blaze of the fire light, and under the eyes of the appallgd do mestics. . , ' The mystery was at. an end—the ghost exposed—and an explosion of frantic mirth "succeeded to the breath less terror which opposed them. An old grey torn cat, as it turned out, in .Ms rambles through the house, had chanced to find in the garret a large gourd, in which the housemaids kept grease for domestic uses. Into the opening of the gourd Tom had worked his head with some difficulty, and without duly considering how he was to get it out again. "When he at tempted to do this, he found himself tightly grasped by the ears and jaws and secured in a cell which became every instant more intolerable. Hence Ms struggles to escape—bis unearthly and smothered cries—and hence the extraordinary varieties of locomotion, by which he accomplished his long journey from the top of the house to the bottom. Our hero drew from the issue of this adventure a confirmed resolution aga'nst a belief in the supernatural: and detailed the particulars nexr morning, with great unction, to his good old aunt, who had slept comfortably "through, the whole of the uproar, '; Secoitd Stout. . A caepekteb, was at work one night, at a late hour, in ihe second-story of an unfinished house in Philadelphia. He was a man of strong,; plain sense, free from superstitious belief; .and of cool courage and self-possession. Oh the side of the room opposite to his work bench, came up the -flight of steps from the first floor; and on the same side, but at the other end of the house, was the flight leading to the- third story. The. floor on that was clear of all rubhish, .and gave him an unobstructed view of the spaee be tween the landing of the - first, flight of steps, and the foot of the second. Suddenly hewassurprised to hear a heavy, regular, hut seemingly. muffled, footstexis, proceeding along the floor, of the room beneath. He knew that the two doors were locked,, aiid all-the . window's" secured, 'and ' he wondered how- any .onecq^flbaVe found .he waite/1 with "'dompdsCffO^He coming of the intruder, whom-.^le - now .distinctly heard ascending - the^ stairway.. But, wnen . tne approacmng steps at . last reached the lauding place, and no figure became visible, he was , filled with aston i slunent. Without pausing,. the mysterious visitor proceeded, with, j the same measured tread, in the diree- I tiou of the next flight of stairs, pass iug.directly in front of the carpenter,; and where it should have been in his full view, but he could see nothing ' whatever. -The place was well enough lighted, he looked sharply along the line of motion, following the sound with his eyes, but he could detect-no trace of the person, whose movements pro duced it. At length, the step reached the foot of the second flight of stairs, which were also full in our hero's sight and begun to ascend them also. By this time, his amazement had reached a climax, not unmingled with some vague apprehensions, which he had no time to analyse. Still he stood motionless, gazing eagerly; as the invisible night- walker mounted step after step, and had almost reached the top. And then—as if the scales? had fallen from his eyes, or the object which they sought so long in vain had flung aside the veil which concealed it —he was aware of an enormous wharf rat, jumping from step to step, with a noise precisely like the heavy, dull, football, we have described; He now easily understood why it had escaped his notice. He had looked too high: and so failed to .discover " the gentle man .in back," until he had attained an elevation above himself: But he ad- j milted very, candidly that? had he not seen the rat at that last. moment, his " belief in ghostly visitations would have ! been seriously shaken. [To be^Continucd.J 