WHITSUNEDAY AND QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY. CHRIST CHURCH PRO CATHEDRAE On Sunday morning, the 24th, at the Pro Cathedral, Archdeacon Julius, M.A., presched. Whitsunday this year happeued to fall on the Queen’s Birthday, Which was commemorated by ah organ recital of the National Anthem prior to. commencemnt of the Berrios. The Archdeacon. took bis text from Acts ii.', part of the 4th Terse, 11 And~'thoy'were • all Vfilled with <, the. .Holy Ghost." :• To-day, ■ said- the-, rev. gentleman is'- the - anniversary of 'the ■ birthday of our' be loved Queen, a' sovereign.-in whom indeed' a' thousand ' claims' to .reverence closed * as. a . woman, ’ wife, j- mother,'. and Queen-one whose; character was'above all praise, and whose bene-., fioial influence was felt. in...a1l directions, whose bereavement had- only deepened her people's; love towards her—the widowed. broken-hearted Queen.; Butto-dayisalio to be commemorated' as celebrating an event of world significance— the birthday of, the Church. For, nine days the disciples had. waited, for the.fulfilment'of ;a promise—the coming of a Comforter. i Their ideas wereaa yet vague, and of course weak and uncertain,' till at last One higher than all created' strength, and wisdom suddenly came down uponthem, yet hot as a-Lord or Governor, bat its ah agency, or power.'. “ Suddenly there came a sound from Heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and'it filled all the. house where.-'they wore sitting. And there appeared unto .them, cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sst upon .*■ each of them, and they' were all filled with the Holy Ghost.” Such was the coming of the-Comforter. - It has been beautifully remarked ' that while the . Holy' Ghost descended upon Christ “to be a dove"— the emblem of parity and pssoe—it osme to the apostles as cloves tongues like as of fire. In the case of our Saviour, the Holy Spirit came as to its own, its native home; while ss to tbs. apostles, their hearts and consciences had to be purged, cleansed, purified, as by fire, for the re ception of the indwelling spirit of God. Caret lessly as most men. Used remarkable words, few words bad been so misused or misunderstood as “church.” Very many,indeed, looked onthe church bi a human organisation, and as suob, subject to their efiticism and amendment, just as aa Education Department, established by tbs State for the spread of secular knowledge, or a scientific association for the promotion of natural science, or research. These people forget that the church- is;a heavenly institution, of Divine' origin and* establishment. As manifest in the— world* it has its human organisa tion, and, of course, . human imperfections. Its machinery as snob may and decs change as years roll by and nations develop their civili sation, but its essence, its being, is divine. It is the church of the living God, against which the gates of bell shall not prevail. It is not merely national, it is co-eztensiye . with and far transcending, humanity. It is • an : invisible kingdom upon earth, a heavenly-sustained sovereignty. Whole nations may fall away, but the church of God endures. Her strength is in her God, her mis is over the souls of man. Let us now look at the influences of tbs Holy Spirit at Pentecost on Peter and Apostles, and then on the- muititude.' With respect to Peter it raised him from a ooward to a hero. He who quailed at the word of a maid servant and basely denied his Master, now stood forward, and before a great multitude declared that they “with wicked bands had crucified and slain jesus of-Hazaretb, the Holy One."' What but the Spirit of God bad worked this miraculous change. On the other apostles, and on the people, strangers of Dame, Jews and proselytes, came an equally wonderful tranformation, and thus was founded the Christian Church. There also, for bat a short time, alas, was the meaning; of those mighty., words - “Liberty, Equality, Fraternity,” fully under- . stool. So soon again to .be lost, and. to., be ! i vainly sought for through, blood and strife. ] This grand formula is, however, the ideal of the future, and each earthly, society is the more Christian aa it seeks the peaceful realisation of the blessings of true liberty, true equality, true fraternity. O blesssd time when each human soul delivered from sin shall attain true liberty, enjoying equally spiritual blessings, one of the family in. Heaven, and earth, one of a spiritual brotherhood. It is Christ alone Who has founded this Divine King dom, Who has gathered under the same household name and formed into tbs one class the dwellers above and those beneath. Spirits here and there are gathered together into one vast, group, and He has changed exiles and aliens into brothers—members of the one family in heaven and earth. ‘ Tho Archdeacon concluded a'forcible end most impressive sermon by invoking for the colony, the city, and the church the blessings of. the day. . ..v.- Holy Communion was afterwards administered, the Bishop being celebrant. There was a large congregation. :i; 