MELBOURNE. (FH01I OT3B OWX COEJlESPOIfDEKT.) Wednesday. The other bank robbers have not dis closed the whereabouts of their respective plants out. There are a number of pros pectors out, amateur and otherwise, and all appear to be animated by most san guine hopes. Another quarter of a million loan is going to be received by the Harbor Trust, and at the meeting this afternoon the finance committee were authorised to take the necessary steps for the issue of the loan. _ It is hardly any wonder that terrible gun accidents frequently occur to inexpe rienced sportsmen, seeing that men like gunsmiths who may be taken to be com petent to handle 'guns and pistols, and also to be thoroughly aware of all their killing capabilities, occasionally fall vic tims to the deadly weapons in which they deal. There is a gunsmith in this city whose father lost a finger by the acciden tal going off of a gun, whilst his grand father lost his life from the same cause. Judge Nolan sat here to-day to con tinue the taking of evidence in an appeal by Henry Berry, salt merchant, of this city, against the assessment by the Colac shire of his salt factory property, which is situated at Ondit, near Lake Cundare. The rate was assessed as on the yearly value of £1000, and, on appeal to the Court of Bet ty Sessions, the amount was reduced to about £660. Mr Berry still considered the valuation excessive, and he accordingly appealed to Judge Nolan, who commenced the case at the Geelong* General Sessions and adjourned it until to-day. After several witnesses had been examined, further hearing of the ap peal was adjourned until the following day. A deputation from the Engine Drivers' Society of Ballarat, introduced by Col. .Smith and accompanied by Messrs Bell and Russell, M's.L.A., jrailed upon ilie Minister of Railways to-day. The depu tation complained that the employment of men who had. been successfully ballotted for was not so satisfactory as it ought to be, seeing that men who had passed and had their names placed on the list of eli gible candidates were not engaged, the preference being given to supernumaries. It was suggested that those who were suc cessful in passing should have to undergo an examination to test their fitness, and this to be done by a thoroughly practical test. Mr Gillies, in reply, informed the deputation that the successful competitors for employment were available for it, and althongh work might occasionally be given to supernumaries, the right of the regular applicants would not be interfered with. Should it appear that men on the permanent list, and awaiting their turn, were willing to take temporary employ ment, that would he a matter for conside ration ; but with regard to the proposed test examination, it was pointed out that men were subject to six months' proba tion, and would he discharged if found incapable. In order that the matter might receive the fullest consideration the Minister asked the deputation to put their views in writing. I hear that some Chinese firms propose at an early date to start shipping coal to "Victoria in exchange for wool and other colonial produce. The Chinese empire can boast of some very extensive coal measures, and pending the opening up of our own coalfields, a good trade might be done with the big empire, especially as the Chinese coal is said to be of excellent quality. It is calculated that the British coalfields will l2st about 300 years - more, and it may be that in the year 2300 or so ihe motherland will be able to obtain her coal supplies from China—that is if coal has not been superseded then by some other heating and lighting medium. I regret to have to announce the sudden death, at his private residence, Merton Crescent, South Melbourne, last night, of Mr Richard Shepherd, of the lithographic branch of the Mining De partment. Mr Shepherd's appointment dates from January, 1S59, so that he had been in the Government service for the long period of 26 years, and dur ing that time he had gained the great est confidence of. the department, as well as the respect and esteem of all his brother officers. The deceased gen tleman also took an active part in the old Volunteer movement, and held the rank of Major in the Emerald Hill Ar tillery. The cause of death was heart disease, from which he was known to have been suffering for some time past, although he attended to his official duties up to yesterday. He was sixty years .of age, and leaves a widow and grown up family. A deputation from the residents of "Wo i donga introduced by Mr Billson, M.L.A. j waited upon the Railway Commissioners this morning, to protest against the pro posal to make Albury the changing and main border station in connection with the trains to and from Sydney, instead of allowing those coming from Kew South Wales to run on to Wodonga : and those from Melbourne to proceed through to Alb',try, in accordance with a pro mise alleged by the deputation to have been made by Mr Gillie3. It was represented that the change would involve the removal from "Wo donga of a number of tho rail way employes, and consequently severe loss -and even ruin to the small shopkeepers of that town. Mr Speight, in reply, explained that the object of the alteration was a saving of half-au-liour's time on the journey, and that it was not intended to remove a single man to Albury. In fact the loss to "Wodonga would be so small that it would require a microscope to discover it. He therefore asked the deputation to accept the as surance of the Commissioners, that in saving the halt-hour on the journey they would do nothing tending to injure any one in the Victorian township. Some racehorses were sold at Tatter sail's Bazaar this afternoon, and very good prices were got for the majority of the animals. _Grace Darling was sold for 400 guineas to Mr Fehon, nnci the same 5'jure was paid for Li;cky Hit, Mr James VVi'son being the. purchaser. Royal Maid was taken by Mr Cohen, who paid o70 guineas for her. Mr Sydney Smith bought 11 verstone for 270 guineas, and for the Ghost 200 guineas were paid by Mr Hobson. A long price was wanted for r>oiime Dundee, hut buyers stopped at 700 guineas, at which figure the horse was passed in. 