THE RABBIT SCOURGE The extent to which we are being inundated with correspondence and re commendations on the subject oE the rabbit pest and how to deal with it spread interest felt in the matter. Ihe remedial measures advocated with earnestness and confidence are so varied that no one can reasonably com plain of having an insufficient choice of specifics. The truth is the rabbit is recognised throughout Australia and New Zealand as an enemy with a terrible capacity for mischief and no pains are being spared to find out the best methods of extermination. The destruc tion to property wrought by this prolific and omnivorous foe can now be reckoned by tens of millions sterling, and the rapidity with which it is spreading into new districts indicates that the reign of terror which it has instituted has not reached it climax. Queensland at present enjoys comparative immunity from the pest, but in the natural course of expansion it i3 fast reaching the boundaries of that colony. Alarmed at the prospect before the country, the respectable sum of £100,000 has been provided by Parliament to furnish the means of resisting the threatened in vasion. South Australia has tried two distinct methods of ridding herself of the plague, or at all events of keeping it within moderate compass, and neither has been a conspicuous success. In the first place the chief work of extermination was undertaken by Government parties acting in conjunction with the persons chiefly interested, who were expected to clear their own holdings, and in default had them cleared for them. This plan was felt to be inadequate to meet the require ments of the case, and a system of local control, maintained by local rating sup plemented by Government subsidies in the form of scalp money, was substituted. This is the system now in force, and although it has not been in operation suffi ciently long to allow of a conclusive judgment being pronounced upon it, the experience already gained of it ia not satisfactory. Under it hundreds of thousands of rabbits'are being destroyed ; but what are even hundreds of thousands among the many millions that are devas- tating the country ? What is to be done in the future is the question which is now engaging the attention of the Com missioner of Crown Lands during the moments he can spare from the csm plexities of land legislation and the worries which the resumption of immigration upon even a small scale ha3 enlailed upon him. As we have already said, there is no lack of counsellors to assist his judgment al this matter. Advice not only flows in from all parts of South Aus tralia, but persons in other colonies are pro/use ; in their recommenda tions. The Government of New Zealand have inaugurated an elaborate scheme of destruction, and the prime exterminating agent employed is phosphorized grain, used after the method found out by Colonel Raymond. It is alleged that the rabbit plague is being effectually got under through the whole sale application of this' J process. In Victoria many plans have been in operation, but except in . particular localities the evil is still rampant. - In New South Wales the. state of things is such as to excite the utmost alarm and dismay. Among the means of mitigating the evil increased attention is being paid to the employment of wire netting. The apostle of this system is Mr. C. Feather Btonhaugh, who has been devoting a large portion of his time to the advocacy of the fencing-in and fencing- out policy. An equally powerful supporter of wire netting is the correspondent, extracts from whose letter appear elsewhere. He i3 an enthusiast for fencing, not because it iB inexpensive, but because it is in the highest degree effective in shutting out the bunnies and facilitating the work of destruction. His testimony is invaluable at this time alike as justifying the pro posal of the Treasurer to put wire netting on the free list, and as pointing to one direction which legislation should take. Our correspondent is a rootand branch exterminator, and he would begin by exterminating the scalp-money system. This done he would make every owner and lessee of land responsible for clearing his' holding entirely at his own proper charges. His advocacy of this mode of procedure is all the more noteworthy and commendable because his run has been, and in a modi fied measure still is, infested with rabbits. He is not afraid, however, of spending thousands of pounds in ridding himself of ihe invader, and his example is one that should have a stimulating efiect upon other proprietors. It is quite certain that the Government cannot go on as they have done Bpending ever-increasing sums upon rabbit destruction. The revenue cannot bear the incessant drain of scalp money; and although it is fitting that the State should contribute something by way of a recognition of its liability to exter -minate-rabbits -upon. .Crown lands there should^? some definite limit to its outlay. The; , proposal iof our correspondent that the' Government should rid it self of responsibility by leasing Crown -lands upon terma which will ensure. the destruction of the pest is an admirable one, but it is hopeless to expect that tenants will be found for all waste lands of the Crown. There will always be something left for the Government to do, and it is noT abundantly clear that the direction which its energies may beneficially take is the encouragement of fencing. No time should be lost in constructing jointly with Victoria and New South Wales wire netting along the boundary between those colonies and South Australia. This expedient will successfully check the movements of the rabbits, imposing upon each colony the duty of destroying its own rodents, and protecting it against the hordes on the other side of the Border. Altogether the discovery of the efficacy of wire netting as a means of stopping the advance of the bunnies strikes us as one of the utmost impor tance to the future of rabbit extermina tion. We have very little faith in the proposal to introduce a contagious disease among the vermin, and the system of scalp-money is breakkg down of its own weight, but the free use of fencing and the vigorous and sustained efforts of land owners and land lessees to destroy their common enemy by phosphorized grain, by bisulphide of carbon, by firearms and traps, by the rooting out of warrens, by the filling up of burrows, by the agency of ferrets and others of their natural enemies, are likely to produce the desired effect. The New Pakneiute Depasture. — O'Connell lost his influence in Ireland through his lack of daring. The younger men around him were not content to follow in his lead, and he was forsaken because he had suffered the politic mode ration of age to triumph over the head long ardour of youth. Isaac Butt, once O'Connell's opponent and afterwards his follower as leader of the Irish people, lost his influence because he proceeded only by constitutional paths. His motion in the House of Commons that it was fitting to grant Home Rule to Ireland was always received with respect, his elaborate orations were always listened to with admiration, and his motion was always rejected. Mr. Pamell, once Isaac Butt's lieutenant and afterwards his supplanter, has the fear of O'Connell's and of Butt's fate before his eyes. Hewillneverbecaughthesitating. He has this one supreme recommendation as an agitator — he is never satisfied. As soon as he has taken possession of his inch he will stretch out his hand for an elL By patient continuance in his work of agitation he has gained many things for his country and many for his party. He ia followed blindly by tha Nationalists of ;he present Parliament, and his following 1 will probably be increased with the next \ The Parnellites were the straw which broke the back of the Gladstone Govern ment, and they are now in the anomalous position of a party which professes itself to be alien, and which is yet the arbiter of political affairs in England. When the Liberals resigned the Conservatives could not be ungrateful to the party which hai helped them into power. The Crimes Act, it was understood, would be dropped, and the new Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland made a most conciliatory speech in the House of Lords before proceeding to the scene of his duties. And there was reason to believe that in the tail of this concession Home Rule such as the colonies enjoy would be granted to Ireland. The Nationalist journals already depicted in fancy an Irish Parliament sitting in College Green with Mr. Parnell forming a Ministry. Tht- boon for which Ireland had long been striving was, to all appoar ance, near at hand, and Dublin was again to be the political capital of Ireland and not merely the seat of a viceroyalty. If Mr. Pamell had chosen to emulate O'Connell after the Emancipation of the Roman Catholics he would have rested content with this prospect. But he knows his people better. He must give them still something to hope for or he would find himself thrust out of his proud position as uncrowned king in the same way as O'Connell had been pushed aside by the younger members of his party, or «3 Isaac Butt had been supplanted by himself. Therefore he now aims higher. It is not only local government that Ire land wants — it is a national indepen dence. Mr. Pamell has laid it down that Ireland for the Irish is the only plank of the platform of the Irish Nationalist party of the future. This announcement shows how well founded was the prophecy of those who declared that the concession of Home Rule to Ireland would inevitably be fol lowed by a demand for separation. The immediate outlook is considerably altered by the announcement. The Conserva-j tives, however much they would like to reward their Irish supporters, could not for a moment dream of helping on in any way* the separation of Ireland from Great Britain. Hence they will be more cautious in their actions, and a party which opedy seeks a1 rupture of the union between Great Britain and Ireland will be received on a very different footing from that on which liberal-minded men of both the great English parties placed members of the House who only demanded for Ireland what had already been granted to the colonies. It is to be questioned whether Mr. Pamell will gain much by playing his game with his cards displayed. He runs the risk of shocking many of his sup porters, who are not yet prepared to go so far as he wishes, and he must entirely alienate from himself the support of Liberals and Conservatives outside of Ireland. _ Tbe Ceowx Lands Bill. — The debate on the second reading of the Crown Lands Bill was brought to a close on Tuesday, and considerable progress was made with the discussion of the clauses in Committee. The first alteration made was in clause 8, the effect being to extend to twelve months the time within which the documents and evidence re quired in the event of the sale of an assigned selection or of one that is mort gaged must be sent to the Commissioner. There can scarcely be any need for bo long a period, because, as we read the clause, the time dates, as regards mortgaged selec tion, from the actual sale by private con tract. Clause 9 was struck out as being superfluous, An addition was made to clause 16, with the object of making the meaning more clear. An alteration was made in clause 17 for a similar purpose. Mr. Coles gave notice of his intention to move the following new clause: — 'Any person who shall become the purchaser upon credit of any land may, in lieu of entering into an agreement for the pur chase of such land, elect to hold the same on lease upon the terms of Part 3 of the Agricultural Crown Lands Amendment Act, 1884: but such rent shall not be less than 2h per cent, upon the amount of his purchase- money.' The further consideration of the measure in Committee was postponed until Thursday. Tuesday's Parliament.— The Council in a three hours' sitting on Tuesday, August 25, made some progress with business. Mr. TarltoQ took charge of the Oaths Abolition Bill, the second reading of which will be moved on September 2. There was au in teresting debate upon Mr. Scott'B motion for the production of information concerning the inoculation of rabbits with tubercolosis and other diseases ; and a suggestion that a com mittee should be appointed to enquire into the best means of dealing with the rabbit pest Eeemed to tind ceueral favour. It wag decided to produce the information at present. If the Government do not afterwards act upon it Mr. Scott probably will. The same member's motion — previously deferred from week to week with unpleasant monotony — was at last carried. The House resolved that it is uu wise to expend money on unreproductive public works unless they are absolutely necessary. The matter was discussed on Tuesday by MeBsrs. Martin, Spence, Pioker i'd£, and the mover (Mr. Scott). The Assembly, contrary to the general ex pectation, did not sit late. They rose at twenty-eight minutes past 6. Ministers mentioned that the Hydraulic Engineer has reported upon the Beetaloo and Barosaa Water Conservation plans, and that his report will he laid before Parliament ; that the Government intend to adopt the scheme in force in the United Kingdom for receiving deposits at the Savings Bank of the value of Is. by means of twelve postage stamps affixed to cards specially issued for the purpose ; that the Electoral Acts are to be amended and consolidated ; and that the newspaper postage gave a revenue Ia3t year of about £7,000, Mr. Rounsevell began the debate upon the Treasurer's Budget Speech. As the House eat in Committee of Ways and Means, he spoke more particularly, of course, upon the tariff proposals. He, however, vigorously defended the late Government iu regard to its action in matters of finance. Then Le attacked the present Government, girding at the Treasurer somewhat effectively. He strongly denounced the tariff as the outcome of an attempt to please both parties, which resulted in pleasing neither; and he con demned the other financial proposals of the Government generally and in detail. He spoke nearly an hour and three-quarters, and the speech -was, as to manner and matter, certainly one of the best he has made. The Hon. J. C. Bray followed, spiritedly going at a rattling pace, and acting the part of an advocate for the Government, His old love for the New Zealand property tax has not abated. Last session, almost always when he spoke in the House, it came in as surely as King Charles's head into poor old Mr. Dicks's petition The debate will pro ceed again to-day, probably beginning early, as there is not much private members' business. The second reading of the Land Bill was carried, and a number of the clauBea were passed without important alteration. Neither of the Houses will sit next Tuesday, that being a public holiday. On this day week the Assembly will have a late sitting. V.M.F. Okdees.— The following will be approximate dates and hours for the annual inspection of the V.M. Force. They are liable, of course, to any alteration that may be found necessary:— G Company 1st Bat talion A.R., September 21, 8 p.m., Hind marsh; and E Company, September 23, 8 p.m., Glenelg; L and N Companies, Sep. tember 25, 8 p.m., Port Adelaide and Sema phore ; A and B Companies, September 28, 8 p.m., Staff-Office parade; Mounted Rifles, October 1, 3 p.m., Montefiore; A Battery V.M.F. Artillery, October 3, 3 p.m., Monte fiore ; I Company 1st Battalion A.R., October 10, 2.30 p.m., Montefiore ; 1st Battalion A.R , October 10, 3.30 p.m., Montefiore ; C and D Companies 2nd Battalion, October 21, 8 p.m., Staff-Office ; K and M Companies 2nd fiat ;ftlion, October 22, 8 p.m., Staff-Offioej *P iJompany 2nd Battalion, October 23, 8 p.m., Norwood; B Battery V.M.F. Artillery, October 21, 3 p.m , Fort (.ilanvillo, and 6 p.m., Large Bay ; B. Company 2nd Battalion A.R., October 31, 2.30p.m., Montefiore; 2nd' Battalion A.R., Nover^bRr 7, 3.30 p.m,, Montefiore; Reserve V.M.F., November 7, 3.30 p.m., Montefiore. The Parliament Buildings Contract. —The negotiations -with reference to the Parliament Buildings contract are still being 3arric«3 on by the Crown Solicitor on behalf ~if the Government, and by Mr. John Milne and Mr. Glaister on behalf of the contract ing Company. The German Gcnboat Hyj»:sb. — Mr. Muecke, the German Consul, who tele graphed to Fremantlo for information as to the whereabouts of the Hy;eue, consider ing which anxiety was beginning to be entertained, has received a reply stating that the vessel in question arrived at Fremantle on August 22 and is there at the pretent time. What tjik Thow Enquiry Cost,— On Tuesday, August 25, the Commissioner of Public Works laid before the Assembly a paper showing as follows the cost of the Thow Enquiry : — Mr. J. H. Symon, M.P., counsel's fee, paid through Mr.Grundy, £535 3s. Cd.; Mr. E. B. Gruody, solicitor, noting on behalf of the Government, £175 ; Sir Samuel Davenport and Mr. Henry Eymill, members' fees for 20 sittings at £5 5s. each, £105 eaoh = £210; Mr. C. Proud, Secre tary and shorthand-writer, £383 5s.; Govern ment Printer, printing report and evidence,' &C; £422 3s.; a total of £1,725 lls. Cd. Mebtino of Unemployed Chvaxs.— A meeting of unemployed olerks was held at the White Horse Hotel, Carrie-street, on Tuesday morning, August 25. There was a very poor attendance. ^Ir. Kemp Penney said he called the meeting in consequence of seeing a letter signed ' Association' in the Advertistr of AujjuBt 14, having reference to unemployed clerks. He thought that no poverty was so cruel as genteel poverty ; it was very hard for them to be out of work ind to be spending their reserved means. He waa very sorry for the poor attendance, as he knew that there were hundreds of clerks and literary men out of wtrk. He had noticed that all the Banks and even news paper offices employed youths because they could get the labour cheaper. He thought they should appoint a Chairman and consti tute a preliminary committee and call a larger meeting. Mr. SeaJy pointed oat that the gieatest difficulty in the way of forming an Asaooiation was the absence of any standard of wa-^es among clerktr. Mr, Kemp Penney said he wanted to show the Government and merchants that there was as much distress among the educated chsBes— men who could not do navvies' work — as among the labouring class. He knew that there were men who were afraid to go home during: tbe day for fear of eating the food which they knew that their wives and children wanted. It was time that the notice of the Government was brought to the need of relief works for theBe men, aa well.wi labourers and artisans. They Bhould pro vide work of a clerical nature for the relief of those some of whom were next door to starvation. A gentleman present stated that he believed the situation would be worse in a few days, vrhen he understood that a number of clerks— aorae fifty or sixty-— would be added to the already lame number of un employed. Mr. Sealy was then voted to the chair ; and after some further conversational discussion it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. S. M. Tillotson, seconded by Mr. P. Kafferty — ' That this meeting form them selves into a committee to confer |witb the Sentleman Bigning himself 'Association' with a view of holding a meeting 'to consider the position of the clerks out; of employment, and to adopt such means as may be con sidered advisable to relieve the present dis tress.' A vote of thanks to Mr. Kemp Penney closed the meeting. The Gover-nmest Laud Office.— A letter was received by us a day or two ago signed 'Land Agent,' suggesting varions alterations in the mode of conducting business in the Land Office. A copy of it was forwarded by us to the Surveyor-General's Office, and we have received the following reply from Mr. Goyder, which will obviate the neces sity for printing the letter itself :— ' I have the honour to acknowledge receipt of your memo, of yesterday's date, covering an anonymouE communication to your paper respecting the' mode of conducting land sales, &c;, in this department, and to state that complaints made to me, if well grounded, are met at once. The chief clerk in the Land' Office, Mr. Doswell, more particularly -re- ferred to therein, does all that is possible with the staff at his disposal, and has' had on occasions to descend from the rostrum to give information to the publio, but thiBwill be remedied in future by deputing another officer to conduct the Bales. Ab regards forcing bids, the auctioneer has no interest in doing so, and such is certainly contrary to his general practice and to the ruleB of the department. The boy in charge of the official plans will now be kept to that duty exclusively. The previous caretaker— though he did all he that could to afford satisfaction — was becoming infirm from old a['.e, and waB dispensed with for that reason alone. The officers of other branches are not permitted to disturb the Land Office officials during times of sale, but unfor tunately the public are admitted, and farmers and others carry on conversations despite what is going on if they do not happen to be interested in the Bale. Matting has bub recently been laid down to deaden the sound of persons walking about in the room, but the public will not bo controlled, although they are kept as quiot as possible, and enquiries are often conducted ia a tone of voice calculated to disturb the auctioneer as well as the public interested in the bidding. Thanking you for referring the subject to me,. and trusting the alterations made will meets the difficulty, I have, &c;, G. W. GoYDEB, Surveyor-General.' The Literary Societies' Union.~The preliminary weeding out of the competitors in extempore speaking for the forthcoming annual tournament in connection with the Literary Societies' Union took place in the hall of the Y.M.C.A. on Tuesday evening. The Judges were Sir Henry Ayers, P.L.C. (who occupied the chair), the Hon, M. Salom, M.L.C., the Rev. D. Paton, M.A., B.D. and Mr. G. S. Fowler. A charge for admission was made, and there was a good attendance of persons interested. The number of entries was twenty-one, and only one of the com- petitors was absent. Three subjects were chosen — Home Influence, Women's Suffrage, and Punctuality. Each competitor had his choice of subject, he had five minutes granted to him to think upon it, and five minutes in which to make hie speech. The majority of the speakers took ' Home Influence;' 'Women's Suffrage' was next in popularity, and -'Punctuality' only found one exponent. The (speeches were not charac- terized by much originality or suggestiveness of thought, but as extempore deliverances some of them were very fair. One gentleman ascended the platform, announced his subject, scratched his head, said his thoughts had flown, and then bolted. With this exception all the competitors attacked their subjects, but there was a monotonous sameness in their ideas and methods of expression, especially on ' Home Influence.' At the close the Judges, after a few moments' deliberation, announced that they had selected the follow- ing gentlemen to appear in the annual compe tition, viz.:— W. H. Hannaford (Glen Osmond), B. E. Wrigley (Glenelg), J. Johnston, jun. (St. Andrew's), J. S. Coronel (Adelaide Literary), P. Davis (Norwood Literary), T. Godlee (Kent Town), C. N. Lewis (N.A. Young Men), and M, Moorhouse (Medindie). Death of Miss Liston. — Very sincere re gret will be felt by many of our readers at the death of Miss Ellen Liston at Marrabel. Miss Listen was a lady of great literary talent, whose writings have been for many years a source of great enjoyment to the readers of the weekly newspapers. For the past two or three years failing health prevented Miss Lifiton engaging in the literary work which she loved so well, but the charm of the tales and verses which have appeared under the signature of 'Ellie L.' will be long re- membered. Miss Liston began her literary career by contributing to the weekly paper published in Adelaide by the late Mr. Sinnett, but for the past twenty years moat 01 her contributions have appeared in the Adelaide Observer. Her novel " The Stauntona' will still be remembered by many of our readers, but ' Auckland Maraton' will be more familiar to resi dents in the colony of Victoria, where it was published. Besides these novels Miss Liston wrote many small poems and a number of short stories, which have appeared in the Observer often at Christmastime. Among the latter those which will be most readily remembered are some of the more recent ones— 'Tread upon Roses, but Forget Me Not,' 'Doctor,' 'Our Domestic Helps,' and ' Our Baggage Mule.' Miss Liston has left an unpublished novel, *? The Kessons.' Miss liston was formerly in the Education Department, but failing health compelled her to abandon the arduous duty of teaching, and for several years and until her death she occupied the position of mistress of the Post and Telegraph Office at Marrabel. The deceased lady was a sister of Messrs. Henry Liston of Adelaide, W. Liston of Kapunda, and D. Liston of Port Adelaide. Chabitablb Bequests. — We are informed that the late Mr. E. D. Chapman, of Gawler, whose funeral took place on Sa turday, August 22, had generously remem bered several of the charities of our city by bequeathing £50 each to the following institutions :— industrial School for the Blind, Children's Hospital, Adelaide Hospitil, Home ior Incurables, Strangers' Friend and Bene volent Society, Blini, Deaf, and Dumb Asylum, Cottage Homes (North Adelaide); Church of England, Gawler, £50; and to the Art Gallery of South Australia a picture of Venetian scenery. The deceased gentlemin died at the early age of 23, leaving an estate of considerable magnitude. The executors are Messrs. F. W. Bullock and J. Viner Smith, of Adelaide. Nabeow EscAPE.-^Dr. Magarey narrowly escaped a serious accident on Monday. 'WhilBt turning a corner by Messrs. Brick cell's in Kent Town, the horses swerved and threw the coachman, who was driving him in one of Messrs. Hill & Co. 'a broughams. The pair of horses immediately bolted. Dr. Magarey was fortunately successful in jumping clear of the vehicle, and though he fell, sustained no farther injury than a some what severe sprain to his wrist. The hor3ea were not stopped until they had traversed the whole extent of North-terrace, when they ran the brougham against a lamp-post, which it levelled ' to the ground. The horses were unhurt, but the vehicle wa3 completely smashed. Kechabtmsm.— The half-yearly finance meeting of the Southern 'Star Tent, No. 1 IO.R., was held in the Eechabite Hall, Grote- stieet, on Monday, Augaat 24. la the absence of the C.R., Brother. W. Langafonl, LD.C.R,, presided. The balance-sheet, Auditors' and trustees' reports were real, showing that the state of funds and membership were satisfactory. The re ceipts had been £515 IBs. 8d.; pay ments, £379 4s. lOd; increase of faada, £136 133. 10d.; total worth of fanda, £2,708 2s. Id. Number of members laat half-yeir, 337; initiated during lwlf-year, 28 ; admitted by clearance, 5— total, 360 ; withdrawn by Clearance. 4; run out, 4— total, 8j good ori the book, 352 ; hon. members, 9 ; grand total of members, 362. The following members were elected to fill the various offices for the enBuing half-year :— Brother W. H. Williams, P.C.R.; G. fl. Jenner, C.R.; W. Gill, 1X3.; 'W. Maley. M.S.; E. Alcock, F.S.; W. Hoi land, Treasurer ; W..E. Thorpe, Levite; W. R. Walker, Guardian ; It. G. Shadget and Thomas Lang, Auditors ; delegates to the half-yearly district meeting, P.D.C.R-'s M' H. Madge, W. Holland, and W. Laugaford. Brothers Madge and Maley presented the retiring C.R., Brother Williams, with the usual testimonials for his valuable services during his term of office. Brother Williams thanked the members for the very excellent gift. Death by Drowning.— At Currency Creek on Monday, the 24th inst., Fanny Eliza Hagen, 6 years of age, the only child of Mr. John Hagen, farmer, was drowned. It appears the child was seen by the mother playing away from the creek about 11 o'clock, but at dinner-time could not be found. An immediate search was made, and after some time the body was found in the creek. Mr. T. Goode, J.P., as Coroner, viewed the body, but did not deem an inquest necessary, and gave instructions for the burial. Death in the Far North.— Dr. J. D. Dunlop has been retained by the Govern- ment to investigate the recent case of sup- posed murder of a coloured man named Gould in the Far North, in the district of Pooncara. As a considerable portion of the travelling will be by camel, about ten days will be occupied on the journey. West Bide Water Supply.— The water supply of Port Augusta West (says the Dispatch), which was bo abruptly cut off a few days ago, has been restored. The Water works officers have been at work night and day laying the new main across the Gulf, aud had actually completed the work about three dayB ago, but when the water- was let in one of the new pipe3 burst in the Gulf, and had consequently to be taken out and replaced with a sound one. The work was completed abont 4 o'clock on Saturday morning, and the water was immediately laid on. B.V.F. AsrsTiAii Matches. — Under very favourable circumstances as regards wind, weather, and general arrangements the annual competitions of the R.V.F. were commenced at the Smithfield Ranges on Tues day, August 25, and although there was no tall scoring made the work done was fairly satisfactory. The Companies' Match, in which eight Companies were represented, was won by the Redhill Company, with a grand total of 597, the City Company second with 585, Caltowie third with 583, and Port Adelaide 567. The Teams' Match was won by the Port Adelaide Company with 403, the Police second with 403 losing first place in the count-out, and the City No. 1 third with 402. The best individual score in the Teams' Match was made by Private D. Bews, of Wallaroo Company, who totalled 91 out of a possible 105. The SCO Yards Standing and Government Grant Matches were entered upon and will be finished to-day, and the Short and Mid Kange Matches will be started. 'A Haukted World.'— On Tuesday evening, August 25, at the Albert Hall, Pirie street, the Eev. Canon Green delivered for the first time a lecture bearing the above title before the members and friends of the Church of England Institute. The chair wa3 taken by the Hon. J. C. Bray, M,P., and there was a large audience. Canon Green prefaced his discourse by Baying it was such a long time since he had delivered a serious lecture that he now hardly knew how to begin. He had asked himself were the millions of spiritual beings which the races of old believed in merely the children of an idle brain? The fascination of this subject was keenly felt at all times. He belonged to a ghost-seeing family. His father and elder brother had . seen some, and he therefore felt the greatest interest in them, and hoped to see one before he died. (Laughter.) He wished to indicate the fundamental ideas on which had been built the fabric of demonology. In the material world man had recognised move ments that he had not set in motion, and .results brought about by an instrumentality : not bis own.. He looked for the force, and ?worshipped nature as animated, and attri buted life to all objects. Children in play 'acted in the same manner in addressing their dogs and pets. To this idea men added the belief of continuous life after the death of ; the body. They regarded themselves a3 living in the midst of spiritual subsistences '???: 'that exerted great influence over them, and ''?bo they became filled with superstitious fears. Several legends of fairies, demons, and his toric myths belonging to all ages were then related, and the lecturer pointed out that in many instances supposed spiritual pheno mena were due to ^Nature playing tricks in the process of her changing moods. In talk ing of haunted houses Canon Green advised his audience to read the story entitled 'Haunters and the Haunted,' in the tenth volume o: 41 Tales from Blackwocd.' If they read that story in bed, alone, with the wind blowing harshly, the window-blinds flapping, and ?with just enough candle to allow them to get through, three-fourths of the tale, they would certainly see ghosts before the morn ting. (Laughter.) The concluding part of k the lecture was devoted to practical remarks about gbori and evil spirits occupying houses md taking possession of the wills and :moticnB of men; At intervals daring the evening a good programme of music was inbmitted. A hearty vote of thanks waa iwarded the lecturer at the close, and a iimilar compliment wa3 also paid the Chair nan. Lectube os the Turkish Bath. — Oa Cuesday, August 25, at the City Baths, Mr. 3\. Bastard delivered an address at lunch time o a number of the employed of the Govern aent Workshops. Mr. Bastard in a graphic oanner described the Turkish bath, and fter referring to its antiquity spoke at con iderable length on ita value in promoting he healthfulness of those who indulged in it, nd more especially to the working classes, le read the testimonies of several resident ledica! gentlemen as to its value. He gave ome interesting facta on Turkish baths in he other colonies, where they receive more atronage from the working classes than ere, and referred to their introduction to England by Mr. Urquhart, who had seen the ath in Constantinople. The lecture was iatened to with interest, and several of the udience seemed impressed with the value f the bath as an aid to health. Daring Bubglaby near Clabe. — The seal paper says: — 'A robbery was co-n- aitted on the 18th instant on the premises of -Ir. J. Gottwalt, about a mile north of Seveu lills. Mr. Gottwalt ia an aged man, very lard of hearing, and living alone. He retired o rest about 10 o'clock on the evening of August 18, and eirly next morning he found n entrance had been effected into his house hrough a window. A small cedar box con aining £46, made up in notes and silver, and . Bank deposit receipt for £200, were pdr sined. A search being instituted for the aissing box, it was found by Gottwalt about section away, rifled of its contents. The aring thieves were satisfied with the con ents of the box, as they stole nothing else rom the house. The police are endeavouring 0 catch the culprits.' .._'.['. . A Peculiak Tree — Mr. J. G. O. Tepper writes to us as follows : — ' The specimen of peculiar tree from the' neighbourhood of ialaklava, sent by Mr.' Thompson to r the Register at the instance of Mis3 Loader,, was irwarded to Baron Sir Ferd. von Mueller, [.C.M.G., the eminent Government Botanist f Victoria, who, with his usual courtesy, lentified it as Codonocarpus cotinifolius, '.V.M., notifying also that the locality was ew. This tree belongs to the (for Australia) mall family of the Phytolaccacese, and is escribed in the 'Flora Australiensis,' Vol. r., page 148, a3 usually a tall shrub, bat Dmetimes attaining a height of 40 feet. It isi ecorded as occurring at the Flinders Range nd the Cooper River for South Australia, esidesin various localities in the interior; and 1 Victoria, New South Wales, and Western Lustralia. Such sporadically occurring lants should always be carefully protected rom destruction.' - ; A Peomtt Arhesp.— Shortly before thq 'enterden left for Sydney on Tuesday' atter oon the Port Adelaide police received a rarrant for the arrest of a man for debt, rho had come down from Kadina, and it wa3 elieved intended to evade his creditors by javing in one of the intercolonial steamer, Irmed with authority Inspector Doyle oarded the Tenterden, and waa not long in iBCOvering the 'wanted' iadividaal, hough by the good offices of a friend he hid een secreted in an unlikely corner amid hips not far from the coal bunkers. An ttendant constable received his man, and aking him ashore handed him over to the ailiff of the Local Court. Once under the trong arm of the law, and knowing he steamer was on the point f leaving, discretion apparently made he would-be absconder 'cash up,' and pro ure his liberty. The Tenterden had just heered off into mid- stream and was getting ;ood way on when up ran the surprised indi vidual to recover his passage. Jumping into ihe Birkenhead ferryboat strong arms soon pulled him alongside the steamer, and by neans of a rope he wa3 unceremoniously hauled aboard, to the amusement of a good number of onlookers and his own discom fiture. - ? ' ? ? I 'The Pbesent Crisis— Its Cause and Cube.' — On Tuesday evening, August 25, a lecture with the above title was delivered by Mr. Singer in connection with the Hindmarsh Literary Society, in the Institute Hall, EKndmarsh. Mr. H. Willis, Vice-President of ;he Society, presided, and ' there wa3 a noderate attendance. The lecturer showed ihat although depression in certain classes mated yet we were making progress, for the eason that the productions of the colony pere far in excess (in certain classes) of the rants of the community. Illustrations were ;iven of countries where the greatest wealth xistedwith the most abject poverty, and he remedy for which' wa3 the nationalizat ion of the laud. Referring to taxation for rarposes of Government, the lecturer coa ended that the land, which benefited by the lonstruction of public works, Bhould tear the tax, and not the* necessaries hat could not be produced in the colony! *Ir. Singer dwelt at length on the various aspects of the question, showing how the ontinual absorption of the unearned ncrement of the land by the landowners [efrauded labour of its legitimate wages. Jy pithy illustration he also indicated how utile would be the efforts] of the Protec ionists to give to labour its due, aud how he chief gain obtained by the temporary timulus which protection would give to rade would be chiefly swallowed up by the andowners through the extra competition or land. There was considerable discussion, ind a resolution was unanimously carried in avour of forming a branch of the Society for he nationalization of the land. Resebve Rifle Club. — A committee meet ng of the above club was held at the Military jlub on Tuesday, 25th inst. Present— Regimental Veterinary Surgeon Chalwin presiding, and subsequently Major Lee), Ser jeant-Major Pine, Colour-Sergeant Hopkins, Privates Waite, Muirhead, Seamon, and SToung, and the Secretary (Corporal Heylen). Secretary reported receipt of communication 'rom Major Jervois granting use of ranges at Dry Creek on September 1. Challenge re :eived from Captain Mason, R.V.F., on behalf jf Port Company, for match for ten men i side— ranges 200, 500, and 600 yards, seven 3hots at each range, military position and jcoring— to be held on October 3. Accepted. Resolved that the prize meeting competition take place at Dry Creek, the ranges to be 200, 300, and 500 yards, seven shots at each range ; sighting shots to be allowed. Re solved that all cash donations be expended in purchasing trophies. ' Phbenologt — Its Philosophy.' — In Garner's-rooms to-night Mr. Pierce Healy will lecture on the above subject. The heads of several eminent historical characters and of ei^ht local members of Parliament will be first' sketched by Mr. Leonard and then described by Hr. Healy. Nabkow .Escape fboji Dbownin g at the Port. — On Tuesday afternoon a lad, named William Justice, in the employ of Messrs. Blair & McLennan, was standing on the Qneen's Wharf, wLen he waa pushed from behind by some planks that were being moved, and fell headlong into the river between the wharf and the barque Claymore, striking his head in the fa!1. It waa high tide at the time, and a lumper named Marks got down on the fender and managed to pull the lad out. He was insensible, but soon recovered, and was taken homo. Emigration and Emigbatiok. — The number of persons who arrived at Port Ade laide by sea during the week ending August 22 was 188. Of these 134 came from Melbourne, 36 from London. 3 from Newcastle, and 15 from Sydney. During the same period 219 persons left the Port by sea. Of these 213 went to Melbourne, 1 to Guam,^ 1 to Marseilles, and 4 to Fremantle, being a loss to the colonv of 31. Chambeb of Cosimep.ce axd the Tabiff. — A meeting of the Chamber of Commerce will be held this afternoon, when the tariff proposals of the Government will be dis cussed. MrLiTABY Club Social.— A social will be held thia evening at the above Club's rooms. ' Pbixtebs' Appbestices' Companion.' — Messrs. J. S. McClory & Co. have sent to us a little bcok with the above title, clearly written, nicely printed and bound, of a handy size, and very useful. ' Fbom Suez to Cairo.'— A very interest ing paper on ' A Trip from Suez to Cairo' was given by Mr. J. B. Champion in con nection with the College Park Y.M.S. on Monday night, August 24. It was listened to with great attention, and on its con clusion the lecturer was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. 