TALES FROMTHE OPERAS j "DEE FLIEGENDE HOLLANDER" (THE FLYING DUTCHMAN.) .'That iiliautomaliip, whoae form Shoot« liku a meteor tbio' tlie >torm ; When thu dark ucud omiten driving hard. And lowared in everj to.iaail yard, And well Um doomed Bjwctatora know. Tin thu harbiuiror of wreck and woe," . Si» w. SCOTT. TBK opera ot Der Fliogendo Hollander, or Il va teal lo fimlasma, was composed by Richard Waguor, an eminent German musi- cian, famous for his connection with tho eccentric Ludwig o£ Bavaria. Tho theatre at Baironth waa built expressly for the pro- duction of Wagner's operas, written on incidents occuring in tho old Nibelungen Lied, or German Iliad. Tho libretto story of tho " Flying Dutch- man is os follows : "Tho opening scono represents a gulf lios at auchor ¡ and a storm is raging. Dalundo, captain of tho vessel, descends .from tho rocks nnd describes how, having hcou driven before tho storm, ho has boen forced to seek shelter in this bay, his own borne being but a few miles up tho coast. Having given orders to kcop a sharp look out, ho goes below, leaving tho hclinsmau on deck, who, singing a song about his lovo on shore, gradually fulls asleep. Tho storm increases, aud suddenly in tho far distance tho phantom Bhip appears, bearing down rapidly for tho bay. It runs in alongside tho Norwegian vessel, and casts anchor. Tho crow of tho phantom ship silently furl their sails, and tho " Flying Dutchman," captain of the vessel, attired in black, stops on shore. Ho tells his talo of woe ; how ho is doomed to traverso tho seas for seven years at a time, when ho may land and try to break the curso, but failing he has again to start for a li ko period, How in storm and butilo ho has sought aud prayed for death, but to no purpose Dulando comos on deck, and scoing a Btrango vossol alongside, wakos tho helmsman and calls on tho Dutchman to declaro himsolf ; ho tolls him his nation and craves him to givo him lodging in his houBe, offering in roturn great treasures. At a sigu two of tho Dutch sailors convoy a chest on ehoro full of pearls and precious stones, which so delight tho avaricious Dalnudo that ho further promises, ou tho Dutchman asking him, to givo him his daughtor Sonia's hand in marriage Whilo thoy aro talking tho storm abates, and tho first act onds with both vessels preparing to put to sea to muko for tho port whero Dalaudo lives. Thc Keene of tho iioxt actis a room in Dulnndo's house. Darno Mary and maidens aro discovered spinning and singing. Scuta, Dalnndo's daughtor, is sitting apart gazing at a potrait of tho Flying Dutchman, which hangs on tho wall. Her companions laugh at her for hoing so much cngrossod with tho portrait. Sho declares that could shu but nicot him sho would break tho curso tinder which ho exists, and then sings tho ballad of tho " Flying Dutchman," tolling how, when nearing it capo in a storm, ho calls upon tho foul (lem! himsolf to stop him from round- ing tho point, and that for thia blusphomy ho is doomed to roam tho seas until ho lind somo maiden who will consent to marry him. How ovory sovon yours ho is permitted to land to try and 11ml tim woman who will thus dovoto horsulf to him, and sho finishes by wildly declaring that sho sholl do so. At this moment Erik, nor lover, outers nnd having overheard hor declaration, prays hor not to forsitko him. Ho thou tolls li or that ho is fearful, having had a Btrango and vivid dream; mut describes how ho saw Dalaudo meet with tho Flying Dutchman on tho coast during a storm, and that bringing him homo sho (Sentit) rushed out to great them, and foll on her knees at tho feet of tho accursed ono j how ho raised hor up, mid pressed her to his heart; that sho loft with liim, »nd both disappeared flying o'er the main. On his finishing his recital ?ho again wildly declares sho will savo him, and Erik, shocked, rushes from hor presence. Hardly has ho gouo when Dalundo and tho Dutchman ontor. Hoc father tolls her to givo tho stranger a kind reception, as ho ia her allluuced husband, aud leaves them ; she, comparing him with tho portrait, secs hor lovor's dream fulfilled, and on tho Dutchman asking her to wed him, consents. Tho last net opens with tho bay outside Dalnudo'B lion so by night; Ina vessel and tho phantom ship aro at anchor. Tho Nor- wegian vessel is lighted up, and tho crow uro making merry, whilo tho Dutch Bhip is ns dark and silent ns night itself. Girls enter hearing baskets of provisions ; they and tho Norwegian sailors call on tho Dutch crew to walto up and join thom in their carousals. Suddonly a slight movement is noliccablo on board tho phantom ship, mid a melancholy light is hoisted to tho mast head ; und whilo tho Dutch crow break into a wild and myslciioua chorus, calling on their captain to return, tho «ca around tho vessel rolls and tosses, and tho wind is hoard whistling through tho rigging, whilo tho rest of tho bay is calm. , Thu Norwegians try to fling tho Dutch- men down, but getting frightened, at length run away. Tho Dutch crow thou cease, and nil is ailont agaiu. Tho door oE Dalnndo's house opens, and Sonta rushes out, followed by Erik, begging her to remember her old vows to him, describing how sho promised to bo his brido. Tho Flying Dutchman, remain- ing unseen, has overheard them, now stopB forward, and proclaiming hor a traitress bids lier farowoll. Sho prays him to stop, declar- ing sho knows who ho is. Ho tolls her she cannot, mid then proclaiming himself to bo "Dor Flicgondo Hollander" stops on board and sails from shore. Sonta, breaking away from her companions and Erik, who nro try- ing to retain hor, rushes up ono ot the rocks, and declaring herself faithful to him with ber last breath, throws herself into tho sea. Tho phantom ship out at sea is soon sud- donly to founder and go down, and tho Dutchman and Scuta aro thon descried ris- ing from tho waves, claspod in ono another's arms." Tho snell is broken that bound the Dutchman to Iiis ship; und wo may conclude that ho mid Sonta aro united, and lived hap- pily together. Tho ordinary legond o£ tho Flying Dutch- man currant with old seamen is that of a spectral ship seen in stormy weather off tho Capo oE Good Hope, and ni ways considered ominous of ill luck. Thoy say that n Dutch captain, homeward bound, mot with long continued head winds at tho Capo. In a frightful passion ho swore that ha would douhlo tho Capo in «pito oE God or dovil, and never put back iE ho strove till tho day oE doom. Ito was taken nt his word, and thoro ho still beats, but never succeeds in rounding tba point. Sir Walter Scott says sha was originally a vessel laden with precious metal ; but a horriblo murder having boon committed on board, tho plugtio broke out among tho craw, and no port would allow tho vessel to enter. Tho ill-fated ship still wanders about like a ghost, doomed to bo sca-tosscd, but nover moro to enjoy rest. Captain Marryat has a novel founded on this legend called the " Phantom Ship," which is well worth perusal. In fact, any of Marryat'* work should be preferred to tho ordinary drivelling rubbish foisted on the public in the form of three-volumned novels. His fictions are characterised by a> broad and quaint humour; and consist of graphio pic- tures nf sea-life. No novels since tlie.time of Siuollet have provoked so much laughter aa Captain Marryat's. Closely allied to the legends of the Flying Dutchman uro the traditions of the " Wander- ing Jew," which are very old and popular in every country of Europe ; and, these form the themes of inuny modern works of fiction, of which the most famous are Lewis' Moni:, Soutbny's Curie of Kehama, Croly'a Salathiel, Sue's Wandering Jew, and Au» Meinem Leben by Goethe. The French and Flemish authors soften the legend into a pathetic story of sin, suffering, and geuuine repentance; but the old Spanish writers make the narrative as diabolical and revolting as possible. As none of Wagner's operas, as far os I know, have been performed in Australia yet, a short description of his peculiar musio may not be out of place hero. The German publio themselves are greatly divided regarding tho merits of Wagner's operas, ' one party of his countrymen luoking up to him as the greatest musical genius of tho age ; another pronounc- ing his musio extravagant and unintelligible. Wagner himself characterises his musio HS "Tho musio of the future," and says that music, poetry, and dramatic effect should not be mudo separate subjects, bot tho three should mutually combino, und assist ouch other. His operas aro pronounced to be magnificent as spcotaoles, but are déficient in melody. Ho employs, in striet accordance with his peculiar musical theories, the decla- matory stylo of recitative relieved by complex and scientific harmonies, and tho most varied instrumentation. The most successful operatic composers have boon, and arc, in favour of plenty of molody. Wigner's musio being the musio of the future,-wo will leave it to future critics to further pronotinco upon ii;. Wo can only test it now by the most admired and classic music of to-day ; and .when we do this, it certainly appears visionary to those who are not íirojiliotio. _ '"~r^M~BBOWÑ. 