Lip-Loyalty. SEE, HENET'S PATRIOTISM. The following capital article appeared in Satur day's Fjbeemait's Journal : — 1£ the. war cloud which has hung over the British' Empire during the last few weeks, and has even threatened these shores, has dirturbed the public mind, and in any way affected commercial confidence, it has cer tainly produced one good effect. It has tested the loyalty of the people, and it has shown that, with the exception of an utterly insignificant section, the heart of the people is in the right place, and that they are ready — aye, willing — to strike for Crown and country abroad, and for hearth and home in their own land. This outburst of almost unanimous loyalty has not been evoked by the landing of a young prince ; it has not been a wretched party cry got up for still more wretched party purposes ; it has not been got up by a knot of disturbers of the peace as an opportunity for insulting one-third of the population, twenty times as loyal as themselves ; it has not been a mere lip-service, a mere holiday-cry got up at a kid-glove review — it has been evoked at a time when the colony and the Empire were in real danger, and when an expression of feeling meant something. For the first time in the history of New South Wales we have learnt who is loyal and who is disloyal. The suspicion with which very loud professions are regarded is proverbial, and is more than justi fied by the history of Orange loyalty in this colony. Oransjeism professes to be loyalty to the Queen. This is the initial, the vital principle. This has been given as the reason for all the. strange vagaries by which the public peace has been disturbed during the last twenty years. It has been the assumption that those who do not trust the sincerity of Orange professions must be necessarily disloyal, that has made them the bitter social and political enemies of liberal Protestants and Catholics, ousting them whenever they could from every position of trust, honor, or -usefulness. By a strange freak of fate, we are now in a position to judge the sin cerity of these blatant loyalists. At last an occasion arose to test them. A war with Eussia was imminent, which would require every man England could raise. But England's hands were tied by a crusade she had undertaken in Egypt. She could not withdraw from the Soudan -without losing her prestige in India, which would have secured her defeat at the hands of Eussia. The unwieldy size and the heterogenous elements of the Empire consti tuted her greatest weaknes in the eyes of her enemies. By the action of this colony, this idea was rudely contradicted. By the offer and acceptance of our men and treasure, we have altogether altered the apparent strength of the Empire, and have rendered help at a time of real need. Here, then, one would have thought, was the very opportunity the Orangemen wanted to prove that fidelity to tha Throne which has been their boast — an opportunity of showing up the disloyalty of Catholics. The test has come and gone, the wave of public* feeling has passed over the colony, and the result is in structive. While Catholics have proved them selves as loyal as the truest Englishmen, the Orangemen, and the Orangemen only, have belied their professions, and denounced those who sprang to the help of England in her hour of danger. This is the real signifiusn.ee of Sir Henry Parkes's return for Argyle. The question decided by that election was whether the Govern ment did right in giving England help, and the Orangemen answered it in the negative. After this, let 'us hear no more about Orange loyalty. And it will not be much -use for Sir henry Parkes to talk any more of his loyalty. As he has -uniformly treated Ms friends and supporters, so has he treated his country. The lines on which he conducted his Argyle campaign leave no doubt that his loyalty has been -merely a term by which he has stirred up the sectarian, hatred to which he owes so many of his political vic tories.' We doubt whether a real ghost could re-' instate his loyalty in public opinion ; or if he listened through a key-hole, people -would again believe his revelations. They have at last found Viitn out, and that fate awaits Vitto and his, which sooner or later awaits impostors. Tettth boldly and sensibly says : — ' Our occupa tion of Egypt means what it always has meant — that we are to maintain an army there to see that Shy lock gets his pound of flesh.' A well- known American writer is preparing for the press a Btory somewhat on the lines of Ginx's Baby. . The plot deals with some phases of young life as con nected -with the public school system, in a manner full of the keenest satire. ? Mr. Hollingshead, of the London Gaiety Theatre, has a novelty for the Londoners. He has a horse that walks the -tight rope. It is high art. The animal, at 20ft from the ground, traverses a rope— a thick one, of course, on account of Ms weight. This equine Blondin eeems quite at home in the performance, and hardly requires the attendance of, the assistant wio accompanies him in Mb traject. A remarkable discovery was made on board the White Star steamer Celtic, -which lately arrived at Liverpool from New York. Three days out from New- York a mail-bag , was found . concealed. It had been cut open, and the contents, dispatches from, the British Consul in New York to the home Government, were torn and crumpledV apparently after having been read. Inside the bag was another specially sealed,' which also . had been opened, but it is not known whether anything had been abstracted. The occurrence mnstrliaye staken place before the vessel left New York, &b; it -was impossible to get the mails after the Bteamer ?went out of iJie dock, and ;it is surmised that ai; was an endeavor fcy the JTeniansio ascertain what was jsasanp1 between- the consul and the Government. . . .. ?..'',??? '.?-:'?.?.,. '?' ?:??:?;?...?: 